UNIVERSITY COMMEMORATION. At noon, on Saturday, tho annual commemoration of the University of Sydney was held in the great hall. His .Excellency fcir Hercules Kobinson, as visitor of the University, presided on tho occasion, Sir William Manning appeared for the first time as Chancellor, and was received with applause. The Lieutenant- Goveriior, seven Ministers of: tho Crown, the President of the Council, the Speaker of the Assembly, Commodore Hoskins, Captain St. John, and others occupying important public positions, were present on the dais. A large coivnuinv of Indies* :mrl wntlfiinuii or'p.imifid t.lio body of tho Hall. The Chancellor began the proceedings by de claring the meeting duly and lawfully convened. Dr. Badham read the following list of gentle men who had passed the matriculation examina tion : — Black, Bowler, Bucknell, Cribb, Du Mou lin, Elphinstone, Fitzpatrick, Fletcher, Gabriel, Grale, Gibson, Jeffreys, King, Lcnthall, Mac manamay, M'Carthy, M'Clelland, M'Culloch, M'Fottridgc. Mitchell, Balston, Eoberts, Sande man, and Schmitt. Honour List. — Classes : Grribb, King ; Du Moulin and Jeffreys req. ; M'Gettridge : Gale and M'Culloch seq. Mathe matics : First class, Cribb. Second class, Elphin stone. He then read a list of the First Classes at Yearly Examinations : Classics : Allen, J. Fletcher ; Bohrsmann and Edward a;q ; Moore, Quaife, Owen, G. B. Campbell, Berry, Linsley. Mathematics : Allen, Trevott, Cohen, Moore, Brennan ; Cullen and Wright, ajq ; Feez, jjinsiey, natural science ; jtsonrsmann, v^.uaue, J. Fletcher, Allen, Cullen, G. ' B. Camp bell, A. Bowman. Scholars — 3rd year : '' Cooper,' for proficiency in classics, Allen ; 'Barker,' ditto mathematics, Allen; ' Deas Thomson,' ditto chemistry and experimental physics, Bohrsmann ; ' Renwick,' ditto natural science, J. Fletcher and Quaift'e, Eeq. 2nd Year : ' Litligow,' for general proficiency, Cullen ; University general proficiency, Linsley ; same, Brennan and G. R. Campbell teq. ' Bclmore ' Medal for Agricultural Chemistry, Wilkinson. 'Sir Hercules Kobinson ' prize for Shakspeare, C. H. L. Anderson, B.A. ' Professor Smith's class '.H prize, for physics, . Cullen. First-class Honours at the B.A. Examination in December, 1877\. — Classics : First-class, Wilkinson ; M'Larcly, prox. ' ace. ; Prior and Whitfeld, req ; Lloyd, Kelly, Mathematics : First-class, Maclardy, prize; Kelly. Natural Science :_ First-class, Wilkinson, prize ; A. Bowman. The list of candidates who had obtained de grees, was as follows : — B.A. : Wilkinson, M'Lardy. A. Bowman, B. Jackson, 11. Kelly, F. Lloyd,]iH. .M. Prior, E. Eaper, L. Whitfield, Yarrangton, Hammond, Buckland, and Bun dock. M.A. : H. Manning, Hill, F. Barton, Lee, Lord, Carruthers, R. Smith, Anderson. LL.D. : George Sly. The Chancellor then admitted the graduates to theirjjseveral degrees, as above. The Begistrar read the list of benefactors of the University. The Chancellor then delivered his address, in the course of which ho paid a tribute of admira tion to Ins predecessor in the Chancellorship — Sir E. Deas- Thompson — expressed the regret awa kened by the death of the Hon. George Allen, and the Rev. W. B. Clarke ; and gave some account of the public examinations, private foundations, scholarships, and finance. Then coming, after some remarks on primary education and the University grounds to the subject of tho extension of University teaching, he said— In the Chancellor's last Commemoration address it was announced that the Senate had submitted to the Government a scheme for an increase of the endowment of £9000 a year, with the yicw to tho establishment of a faculty of science, and to additional teaching as follows : — 1st. Instruction in mental philosophy, law, history, and English literature. 2nd. All education necessary for the medical profession, 3rd. A complete course of natural philosophy, coupled with mechanics and engineering. 4th. . Tho addition of organic chemistry and motal lurgy to the chemical school ; and 5th, biology, including animal and vegetable physiology. Hitherto, however, no action has been taken by tho Governmeut on this propospnl. He then advocated the extension of University advan tages to merit in the poorer ranks of the people, and especially commended tho action of Parlia ment in passing tho resolutions submitted last sessions for the endowment of grammar schools at Maitland, Goulburn and Bathurst, and for tho appropriation of £1500 a year for the free edu cation of ten boys in the Grammar school and five in the University, to be selected by com petitive examinations. Sir Hercules Sobinson then addressed the assembly m a speecli abounding m humour and good sense. He referred to tho subjects on which ho had fonnerly addressed similar meetings, and as ho had exhausted these various topics, ho felt it difficult to find anything particular to say on this occasion. He afforded much amusomont by applying the West Indian joke about ' ratoons ' to the -position in which ho found himself when considering what to say. In the process of sugar cultivation, after the first cutting of canes the subsequent crops from the same roots are called '^ratoons.' As these aro inferior in quantity and quality to the original yield, the term is com monly used in the West Indies in a depreciatory sense, and is applied to stale sermons, second hand speeches, and, generally to all rechauffes of previously used materials. Thus, when hos pitably but economically disposed persons give entertainments to two sets of friends on two successive days, the guests of the second day are apt to remark to each other sueeringly that they presume they have been invited to eat tho 'ratoons.' '(Laughter.) Well, he (Sir. H. Robinson) hud determined he would not attempt to impose upon them ' ratoons,' but would con fine his remarks to a few words upon the prin cipal academical event of the past year — the retirement of tho Chancellor. His Ex cellency then opoke of the long and most useful j services of . Sir E. Deas Thomson, in political life, in tho promotion of education, as a patron of loarning, and of sport. ' Nearly overy man in this colony in every rank of life participates in the exercise of political powor ; and such being the case, the quality of your administration and legislation will always bo in unison with tho character that pervades tho great body of the people. (Hear, hear.) It is upon education — and 1 use the word in its wildest sense — that- wo must mainly depend for the cultivation here of those mental and moral qualities which are essen tial to the greatness and the happiness of a people ; and it is because I think that institution, with its affiliated colleges, is well calculated to contribute towards such an end, and because I think that it ia a noble and fitting crown to the national educational edifice, that, loving New South Wales as I do, I can from the very bottom of my heart express the wish that the Sydney University may flourish, and. that all who are brought within the circle of its influence may, to use Milton's words, bo ' enilanicd with the study of learning and the admiration of virtue ; stirred up with high hopes of living to be brave men and worthy patriots — dear to God, and famous to all ages.' ' (Loud and continued applause.) This concluded the proceedings, and the moot ing terminated. Held Over. — Through pressure on our space we have been obliged to hold over this week letters from our correspondents at Orange, Mait land, Sandhurst (Victoria), and Queensland. The Member, for Gouluukn. — We learn that Mr. William Teece, the member for Goul burn, is at present suffering from an illness, the nature of which will probably render it necessary that he should resign his seat in the Assembly. —Herald. Academical Honours. — Among those who have passed the martirculation examination at the University we notice the name of Mr. Thomas Fitzpatrick, son of James Fitzpatrick, Esq., merchant, of Bathurst ; and Mr. Gabriel, son of Dr. Gabriel, of the Macleay River. Mr. Brennan, son of sub-inspector Brennan, of Yass, as it will be seen elsewhere, also gained honours. Mr. E. Eaper, son of Mr. Raper, of Windsor, succeeded in gaining his B.A. degree. All these young gentlemen are now students of St. John's College. The New Land Bill. — At a meeting held, at Moaina on Friday last, this measure was much discussed. Mr. Edwards, President of tho selectors' society there, described it- as not a measure likely to open up the laud, but would drive people out of Riverinn. The 36th clause of the proposed Bill was worse than those of the sales by auction and conditional purchase ones of the old law would be if they were distilled seven extracted. The 36th clause allowed non residential holdings, which would allow duimnyism to ride rampant, and would destroy free and independent electoral power. It was a matter of vital importance, and he hoped that many meetings would be held to protest against its passage through the Legislature. — Deniliquiu Chronicle. The Ghost. — Mr. D'Arcy Read's 'Spectro- scope' is 'still being exhibited at the Guild Hall, where it has run for four months ; his increasing popularity tempting Mr. Head to stay a little longer than his last announced night. At the Victoria Theatre, on Tuesday next., a benefit will be given to the Children's Hospital, Mr. John Bennett having kindly given the use of the theatre. At the Theatre Royal {jMrs. Scott-Siddons lias been playing several of her favourite pieces. On Saturday ' the Scarlet Letter' will be produced by her for the first time. Great preparations are being made to produce it in magnificent .style. Mb, Thomas Woore, of Pomeroy, near Goul burn, died at the residence of his son-in-law, tho Hon. W. Busby, Double .Bay, on Saturday last. The deceased was an old and prominent colonist. His railway, water, and sewage schemes have attracted- considerable attention, and it is said that he made many surveys of great public value at his own expense. A G-enerous Act. — The friends of the late Mr. Robert Craig, who, it will be remombercd, met his death by violence at Smithfiold, Queens land, some months ago, will be glad to hear that, though his policy of assurance with the Austra lian Mutual Provident Society for £500 had lapsed some weeks before his death, the directors of the society have most liberally made a gift of £400 to his widow, for investment under trus tees, for the sole benefit of herself and children. When it is considered that Mr. Craig, at the time of his death, had been a member of the society for less than three years, this generous act the liberal management of the Australian Mutual Provident Society. Timber. — We beg to call attention to Mr. T. J. Cross' advertisement announcing that ho is prepared to supply all kinds of ironbark timber from his yards at Mulgoa, near Penrith. We learn that Mr. Cross already supplies the Go vernment with largo quantities of railway timber, and that he also forwards a great deal to Sydney and up country. It is stated that orders will bo punctually attended to. New Surveyor. — Among the list of surveyors published in anothor page, it will be seen that Mr. Thomau James Drinan, son of Thomas Drinan, Esq., J.P., of Branxton. was one of those licensed to survey under the Crown Lands Act. We understannd that Mi'. Drinan passed a very successful examination. Mr. Charles Dale, assistant in the Bathurst Post-office, has been promoted to the charge of the post and telegraph office at Liverpool. Abraham Crautree was sentenced to death at the last Mudgce Assizes for the murder of his mate. The sentence wus commuted to imprison ment for 20 years, the first three years in irons. Crabtree was received into Berrima gaol last Saturday, and died suddenly the following day of chronic bronchitis. 