" HAMLET" AS A P'ANTO.MlilE.. The other night the Lyceum Theatre was the', scene of perhaps the most unusual per formance 'of1' Hamlet" which ever took place on auy{stage. It was not that the actors in dulged in'any new readings, ,or i^x any fresh and fearless.manifestations'! oiuucompeteucy, but that the.audieuce, . unmindful of the claims of - tragedy,, were what is vulgarly termed " in for a' lark."- This great actor who impersonated 1 Hamlet*- "sustained - the part with his accustomed quiet"dignity, while tlie subordinate^chai'acters held'J5n /to' the 'text iii a fairlyjcre^itable -yyay, and underwent no Spasms - which appeared : tQ call; fbrT.Tactive. : medical U'eatuient. But thestock-brokers, who: filledjthe stalls and pit, conducted {hem selves throughput the evening, with heartless indecorum and wicked levity; and it is; to be regretted that the committee-of: the Stock; Exchange: are powerless to mark, by censure and,' if need be, suspension, theirdisapproval of- tuS'or^aiiized'disturbance whichj t dir, the • "eyening' in-' question',' 'turned" tiie'Lyceum Theatre into a bear-garden,' and1 'subjected the .celebrated actor aforesaid and his col leagues . to a. steady five of unuerving badinage.; Long before the curtain rose, what was called " the fuu" had . Commenced. The turning up of. the gas was. greeted by a general' " Oh! all!" tile' orchestral music brdught'ou an epidemic iof'So'callad "comic" songs ; ahd;whehever the'bell rang the gods -'cried j" Din'uerJ" ' When ifdratio and Marcel 1 us'., came? jQ.iV ;tl.i'e'M6fjjge," .'a stockbroker, ^apparently or Iiisli parch ttigej dehfandud of themjv N^hat d'ye s<iv?" in -a vehement voipe, whlcji. Ijrought down ' the , frivolous , house ; aud,.tjie appearance of the Ghost was greeted'.. with: la., .deafening simultaneous ■ ' Booh!" The gentleman of stocks and shares let Hamlet alone for a short time after his Brat entry, but -the unfortunate King was systematically contradicted whenever he opened his mouth, and wheu he kissed the Queen's hand the buoyant brokers ecstatically kissed a hand-to-mouth chorus. Hamlet's turn soon came. As, alone upon the stage, and with his manly form postured for his lirst soliloquy, the great actor began the line " O, that this too solid ilesh would melt"— a broker broke in with " Better Bunt!" and his brethren in banwr at once took up the running. Hamlet's speech wasn't much of a soliloquy after that. In the scene between Laertes. Ophelia, and Polouius, Polonins's re mark, " Think yourself a baby," was received with outcries infantine in.a variety of minor keys—every stockbroker present evidently thinking himself a baby, and misconducting himself accordingly. Later on, when Polouius led his daughter from the stage, the self-resu'Aint imposed upon her by her old cynic of a father was clinched by a vigor ous shout of, " Whoa, Emma!" and when the ■ host came on the unhappy shade had a pre ternaturaily bad time of it. After a struggle with exclamatory ridicule, the luckless spectre approached Hamlet in the usual stalky man ner. The eminent Prince of Denmark <;ot off his " Angels and ministers of grace" lines without serious interruption until he reached— •' Say, why is this? wherefore? what should wo do!" Then an impious broker-man interposed with the advice ''Give it up!" and from that point until the end-of the scene bear-gardening was almost uninterruptedly carried on. When Hamlet broke from Horatio and Jlarcellus, and rushed after the Ghost, there were loud cries of " Go for him, George!" " Don't mind him a bit!" " He don't want to tight, But by jingo! if he do, He's got the lists, lie's got the pluck, Ami he's got the muscle too!'( When Hamlet declared, "I'll go no farther," the stockbrokers shouted " Yah! he's funky!" "He's going t» faint!" "Feel his pulse," &o.;, ite. it rained heavily at this time, and the steady palter <>f the drops upon the roof drowned lor a jvhile the noise of the gods and the tumult of tho brokers. Then as the shower died awuyastiil small voice remarked, " It's, raining, George!"' '.vhereat the men of stocks and shares kugiiedconsumedly. When the Ghost disappeared, and Horatio threw a cloak over Hamlet's shoulders, " Where's his over-shoes?" inquired one broker, " Button up your uldter," cried another, and " Fetch a cab," shouted a third. The swearing scene at the closo of the iirst act was converted into a screaming farce by the audience, who, at appropriate intervals, came in with a powerful and united " S-w-a-a-a-re!" In the second act, on the entry of ltoaencrantz and Guildenstern, the former, who had a liberal share of nose, was properly dubbed •' Nosey" and 30 styled during the remainder of the play. Polonius was asked, " Where's your daughter !" and told to Put on your hat, old man, you'll catch cold." In the course of this act, too, expressions levelled at the shapely limbs of the eminent tragedian who impersonated Hamlet were unpleasantly rife: " George will gr.t cold in his legs !" " What nice wrinkles he has in his tights !" " Pull them up !" " Where's the stuffing i" and other impious remarks and inquiries issuing from the brokers' disrespectful lips. The act closed amid gigantic hubbub ; and the efforts of the orchestra to till up tho timo with music were supplemented by the audience, who, arming themselves with cat calls, yells, neighs, brays—which sounded very natural—and othor voices of affright, fell \ipon the musicians' tunes and made a discord which even Wagner would have found it impossible to aggravate. When tho act-drop rose on the third act th9 brokers struck up " Wo won't go home till morning," keeping time to the inspiriting air with their hoofs —feet, we should h ive said. Soon afterwards an egg was observed to jump from the gallery, and, after vainly trying to hide itself in the folds of Polonius's dress, to roli unbroken oil to the carpet. This " fetched " Poionius, and, stepping to the footlights, he observed, in tones tremu lous with pathos: " The man who threw that egg is a scoundrel. I am enduring your indignities patiently and forbearingly, not out of any taste for the business, but because I am poor, and am- compelled to, earn a honest livelihood." "Is it rotten?'1 inquired a stalled broker. " You'd better step up and see,"' replied Poionius, still struggling with his pathos. Presently Hamlet came on and began, " To be, or not to be," etc., but his attention was promptly directed to the egg by a stock broker—we cuuld name this man if wo chose to do so—who remarked, in an enterprising voice, " George, there's an omelette for you." Proceeding to address Ophelia, the eminent tragedian was greeted with "Let her alone, George!'' " Don't believe a word she says," "Closer, George," and other ir relevant expressions. As lie waxed fiercer, the brokerseiciaimed, "Keep on your hair," " Dou'c frighten her," " Send for his keeper," :'Iluu him in," "Don't make a noise, or you'll disturb Ophelia," &c.; When Poionius came back he was asked, "Did they eggs yon on i: and when Hamlet, in delivering the line. " Though you fret me you cannot play upon me," pointedly administered it to the audience, he was told by a god,«" Lookout, George, there are wore eggs up herd." Tn the arras scene the brokers shouted, "Blow out the light, old woman," at the Qneen ; and the Ghost was greeted by one enthusiast with Hullo, Santa Glaus." As the act-drop fell, the audience musically recited with great hearti ness a song setting forth the organ- playing -propensities of a Air Matthew .Morgan. This air presently changed, as the brokers grew same what more moody, into " Hold the Fort." The fifth act constituted what may be termed the harlequinade of the •pantomime. Ophelia's ravings were heartlessly ridiculed; the gravediggers were unmercifully charted— told that there proceedings were infra dij,— and recommended to take out policies in '.he Pick-axe-ident Insurance company; and Hamlet was severely misunderstood to his face. Further, Ophelia's obsequies were conducted amid the conspicuous derision of the wicked brokers, who rose and sang :— "Old Grimes is dead, that good old man, We ne'er shall see him more ; He used to wear a long black coat, All buttoned down before." The rest of the play was absolutely uil alleviated pantomime. It remains for us to repeat with, if possible, increased earnestness, our protest against conduct such as it has been our painful duty to describe above. It is indecent, it is out rageous, it is monstrous, that a herd of wild and wanton stockbrokers should be permitted to rush into an important metropolitan theatre to convert a fair play into a howling pantomime, and to make game of a dis tinguished actor whose impersonations and whose limbs are alike irreproachable. We trust that the police will take measures to prevent the repetition of so scandalous an outrage. It may perhaps be as well to sav that the theatre trodden under feet of sportive stockbrokers, as above, was the Lyceum Theatre at New York; and the ob noxious Hamlet was oiie George Jones, a well-known Isew York " character," who styles himself " the Ooutjt Joannes." We don't think we mentioned this before.— Figaro. 