"HOW TO PROLONG LIFE." Dr. Joyce delivered a lecture on "How to Prolong Life" to a crowded audience is the city Mission Hall, on Thursday even- <*> ing July 4. We publish the lecture in C3i*mm>; — Vow WorAip, Lrfi^ a-I Pn.l !■■■■! fMloar Life" it o? tfcal nbamu mmg ■MaaJber rf the linaiaa faari?r. Tkn M notki?^ we vbloc ao nad^oi It al is tia* «^S7?* •«*"-«? rliartLiiii if Mo4hiqg4iae. Weoaa fen mmm Mbb «1 iu mhicv for at Asm tarn «b? 4a«a% mefamm?tammtomvtL. lUEaaca?aaraav ttaa?ot aMgee wfttfc tahtw wlaO Watieva .^.t2 ,^H #^a* taaaaaat BBBBBBBaa' abWWM aHM BAaWhaBBBBBBI Si. MU^aS'^aidMLi Dna?Tihaa« 1— ■nfliiM rtnlw?a to 4W. fkaflapnaa* fa^law?,aWfatoA?ate«awat«haaa !••■ tteJT aanfar, M S MBWam AGMBfMBBa^ ■vaaaatare cmt. I lidoMw «W IhCmC at CMlailD &mm; the cUU, tha dfll t? lurrrthe aJalt, «he afait «o g— to «W ■p?,aaal«haaV after hsriMr hal an «MHk> taaiQr «f f?«Dfl«j tte ITakai far «bdk ferocNaH *? fc? f^— * *? ■*• btheraktfwki^l l^agk. fw «Ma> tkaca huu aetaa?* aay taaT '•Ail tfcay vWa fc? ntinl to iwl^n Hi m«I iapa. tioa^faaoga*!.! rtT t laWtWfal— iy:^fJUL^H^,Wteii?. Mam waMR«a«toBK. fiaaaWaaaatate&aat; toa?a4ateAaaalGaWdltoaaV?f«««BMaW ridbt a—y to II awlaai'afcaMa*. Ho,l.anL **\mj m&Li; Im wmj i ■■* C^|2 the AatalGiakid«a?a to tato poor 6aa*? rifkt iwy.' A yoaay aMMaaaai afacfaay thaw ticaaaado«? fcnodta a* Ike tlaor— "Whoat«Wcri?d fTaaaaiu "TheAaaal In Uai niaihiiikhlaafaf to Mi ill i Vtowm." (liajfclai) flaaaWb «&—-*<), asaam.dStaa. afaaaraa) linhMthiadaaikavam* wS«M be fcaew oal Ua l^fat aaTanndaiatiato hkbed. (LaajklCT.) Aai ao thaa aa> eaaa vfeaa nattf ivaacht face to iasa wkOk Death «i aaj or *? arthfaajtokaaa «at afhkdajrihea. h?.aaaaaiaTaaa«eaaa?- ?^a>^a^Wayaaj??j?? a|^BaBBBBB^ v aV^aW Bali ■ i aafwia^iai^aWaglt Aaa aa?B?i •* «aaaar %aar ajaaa aaaaai?aaa If life fa ha of aadTfxaat^kMv aaJ ■nf mm & Man Oak daw, It h) etatnijaf ?*?! iap?toxc to «s t« atoajr ■ua w aaa/anMa^it. A. fvattaad saa aemaaal to vaa af late hy paMMaalactoMn aiMMtthahatta; aadpailaatfie.ha*aaaa aJ?aayifjwwarila?^a?tajaaiiat. Uaaa* hy, iJTaLat anil iitiwiiy oaTar t«ra crib Oat coat aaaaajr aMthani in icCenjaoe to Adr fcaMn.anl «Uch,l 1 1?. . . -■- . .M-f ■ -■ -■■■ ■ - -- CHOTIf QOSShH VH IVMBW nRIIHK a?faatiaaaawa?to. fWjaaaraalb *hay aridi?Bufc aaiiaajill. <■ aVnawhcai thoa> m m CHBal •■■■? WaVa? WnLIH MM* taa«a taia, mi akabhtnvj ia the 4mU g? , kfaMBS taV^BSi* «^aa* #BBa^BBBfhllaa)«lB« ataaa^B?* the hoaae tha Mater taaftw aritt it to the fire, aaian bmbb aNjaA to ha aatt aaulac dMthiaaw, aim tfciih ilnhirs^a« tfca fbC flM^hV (b% ital Ih4«# dhV «MBbbbl oMdaMaV wMk fc to tha fcJtt fa daoa «ajM to the aril halaaaa?i.af «ha ■%)« alb Baton** fcaaa> aaa? t>? aftarTtha fa* k apia MMjabV aaachL Ska «aoaa Ink cUiaa« pa*.lt toWaa aaa Wk jaarfary. ItiilM?tawfc?xthe,^^ iafcaaa) tha Wt «kia tal km that har «HH b^al the Da«m haaabaafyMa bbbbbbb aa> aaL XBoaa?iac'we?JUhM?T/ «aaaai hy tha^aaaaha ta ta?aa4BaaW thaaiaNaaa. Cb thaaaaa* fnan^ that fiaal-Uttaa parti af the hair TOUaaaaaaanJVrir htaaght to tVa ?a% ao«b? tac MB^natur of the laaa* b •BBBcei «y a?poaane to aevaaa wii. aaA Ac e*a« ■ Oea faraaAttoteeahipe fpj, the waetiaa ia ae gwat mJ ■***— "■* ** tiaxf the baasb thenaaft. Myairioa to jtm is to keep your cfciUw mauaia dai;&a;\aWtheir iittk> hoiie. to a* «xp?ed to thf eotd and ttrak anaoa, taj?> or niffct air, and cvtmaea «f taamvatae*. V**4 them <m Kttvra food aad Mhnr yataxr'* bwa, aad jvm tnA fiad that their Ihde fim wi? be fnksaxat Dadww v«i¥e, and you Lave one gnat mean arhr toJatafie. * Tfceeeoal?at and haVtaad aae «f ako boiic iioaen act iaiajiuuair apia tha arctcv. aad in tutani tmtm ahartei Ibb; tfaeivffltc, u> ahandos aadk pnetioe aat pnknfr Bfe. lam not altapether a fatal altttaaaer, nehlwr nc I poiap to deliver • lecture en total abKiixwe. nor do I inteai to try to ronae yoor f ««Vaip> «f honar W I aWtOn*; the ajuery. oiate, aal thaaaaaaa i ct AVataa raaied fcr inioricaaiaa. 1 ahaV a?ate?woa???eata? Uw £II7,|OO(MUQ of invetaed capital, or tbe 60^000 aastha cjaaed *bbbb?t fty ifninlmiiaiaw aioaa bi Great Britein. My ol|eet bto ahaar yoa hoar abaad aeti ■pan the haaawi ayateaj, andtfast toJ^Biiaeertauimaatitioiit aVoea dMetea?fe. Alcohol«neatahaainto tha aUeoaci banaoM alaorlrd, <«tan the Cb> ndatio?. and nads iu war to all ante of the bodr. PetiKK.li tlif two aeto of ko? blood raaek there i* m art of verj aaal? ones tensed eapUbrln, aad from the liaot in tbP?e aaaatr vwaekthe atiwctaw of ui^aia derive thesr ooaatitaaat ftttt, caacr n^aa aad tbase of thr boot faaaJbaJlt a> ly a praceai of aekdioa. Haa bowbm I almdw?JfAeatoWv?Viawd aarraav a/ateam. ' (toe «rt trf Mm rm«ni tame aMdoaa | that an anwiaatanr, aaotaw aet aaa j directly aader the inCoeaoe of the . w3L Yaa aaarate Mood remb of whieh | 1 aaoka haae Ae poarcr of iKaMiarttaa aad dJal?twaj, **iA aoanar b |.*UMMai IV aaaSVWBal «Kt«WC* atf BRfCI ABCOH|MBHV tteai tlamasbait the body. Let aa «aar ifaraaanafeoTtaw fcHoar tbe pmm af istoxicatian. If yoa walcli paaaaaa who ! a?dihdaa|r.yaai«riO 6oi th*t «bai Hw , alcohol u beo?M??Tto riicabH the fascia ■mMflf mmt fin ■■TaCBHCaT*, OBaVVHSaaDfIB Vp? to^p^e* Thaaa?aeat^tV^l 1T iiaai or a>BB«to Uood veaaaV ia rim iijii I m of a MaWriaaof ■btiumi fwatiat B <roa immt t ■■■!■ t>a haart aaj fajaj raavfll Saj| they Wai.—t ■■!,■■ <t aWTa?toajwaaah IMBHT HBHasVaMap f WaW Wfl?t ftt fseaaafa^as k ia andbW aayaad ba ajAgaal atHaSv?j fe?t Ml bat laaal sb4 W* f aiin aiuii aVaUtolawpitiSg. Ifcaa mttmi tat h a waaTaf « ■■■■Kin The muscles especially those of the lees, lose their power, there is partial paralysi-, *nd often do we see persons trying- to walk straight, and imagine they are doing so, to the amusement of .the .children and by ■standers in the streets. The brain centres at last become overpowered, the body no longer obeys the dictates of die -mil, the senses are gone, and the intoxicated personfalls apparently lifeless to the ground. Alcohol has produced its paralyzing- effect 'on the nervous system, and its victim has become completely prostrated. From this state the individual may soon recover: but let him at once repeat it again and again, which is frequently done, and you find he trembles from head to foot; ibis eyes have a wild and ghastly stare; the least thing startles him; he knows not ■where he is; he imagines that all kinds of beings, reptiles, hobgoblins, and devils sur round him and are clamoring for his life; he tries to escape, but they follow him in •increased numbers; bis reason is over balanced; he is a wild and furious wmnia«?; and at last, in many cases if not preveated, terminates his existence by committing suicide. Butlwish to speak more particularlyabout the effects produced by the prolonged use of alcohol taken in (so termed) moderation. Bat what is moderation? Some people tell you that if you are not intoxicated, drink as much as you like, it is moderate drinking. In many cases I should call this immoderate drinking. What I call mode rate drinking is the custom followed by many persons of taking a few glasses of alcoholic liquors daily. For example, a idass or two of wine or beer at luncheon, three or four glasses of wine for dinner, two for dessert, and then a glass of toddy before going to bed. A much less quantity of alcohol than that I haye mentioned, taken daily and regularly, 'will produce the effects which I am about to describe. I have already told you that alcohol paralyzes the blood vessels by reducing their nervous power; hence there is constant relaxation, and they become changed in their diameter. The heart, \o an extent, is set free, and consequently it does a large amount of extra work; and if to-day, liTiiipr the influence of this stimulus, it makes 20,000 or 30,000 beats more than is natural, it cannot sink back to its nor mal state without feeling some disturbance; it is an organ that feeds its own structure with blood, and is the first to suffer from an irregular supply. The consequence of this constant dilatation of the blood vessels is that the heart becomes enlarged, the •openings through which the currents of blood "flow are dilated; its valves are stretched and cannot adapt themselves; the fine cords which hold" the valves in position are strained; its walls are thickened, and the whole organ becomes -modified, both in its mwhrnriam and in its -action. This state of things cannot con tinue long without some other de generative changes taking place in •the structure of the other tissues. Alcohol has a great affinity for water, and when taken continuously into the system draws the water from certain structures,. which absolutely require it, rendering- them more or less solid, thus •causing deterioration in all the structures •of the body. There is a process of dialyses continually going on in the body, and in which the various membranes of the body play an important part. What I mean by dialyses I will explain by a simple illustra tion. I have a liquid containing various Substances, in which there is one I wish to -separate from the others. I take a piece -of parchment, stretch it over a small hoop, pour the liquid into it, and float on dis tilled water, and the substance I want Incomes diffused through the parchment into the water. This parchment is called *he dialyser. The membranes to which I just now referred are very fine structures. They surround the various tissues and organs of the body, and act as dialysera. They require to retain a large quantity of ■water to enable them to perform their functions. I have told you that alcohol possesses a great affinity or liking for water, and it so acts upon these membranes as to deprive them « the water they «qnfrM't, producing a ArbiiritMr and thickening, reducing their functional power, and causing them to contract upon the matter they contain, and condensing- it wher ever it may be situated. The result of this continued perverted action is dis ease. We find it giving rise to indigestion in one of its worst forms, nervousness, tdeepleemen, and loin of memory; go a little furtheTj «nd in naaycnw you have BUOi 'JBLGOCfIfIXwUIL IDufIs&BDCG; to dangerous excess. The young may appear to escape its Modifying effects for some years while the process of assimilation, secretion, and excretion are in their full activity, and the poisonous agents with which the blood and tissues are saturated are disposed of readily and promptly; but the time will come when its effects will be realised, maybe when it is too late to remedy the evil. I do not mean to say that taking a glass of liquor occasionally con taining common or ethylic alcohol will produce this condition, but I do say that taken daily and regularly, in so termed moderation, it will sooner or later show itself, and is frequently seen in the face by that dull leaden hue of the skin so characteristically significant of prolonged indulgence. Habits of cleanliness are means by which life may be prolonged. The human eitin is a complex piece of machinery, and plays an important part in the preservation of health. It is an excretory organ, and ex halation by it is greater than that by the lunss, and which is -due principally to two seti of glands called sebaceous or grease glands, and sudoriporous, or sweat glands. There are millions of sweat glands in the akin, and which may be compared to a number of little boilers continually throw ing off (team, and surrounding the body in an atmosphere of vapor. The quantity of matter thrown off by the skin of a healthy tpereon during twenty-four hours amounts to about two pounds, and -were you to varnish a person all over, you could not use a much more successful means of putting him to death. It is very aecessaiy that the skin should be kept per fectly clean, for when it is covered with dirt, and cast-off matter allowed to accumu late upon its surface, it cannot do its work properly—hence poisonous material is re tained, in the system, giving rise to all kinds of of disease. I believe there are numbers among-civilized people who have never had a good wash in their lives. Their ideas of clean liness are v xy peculiar, and they imaging that if the thickest of the dirt be removed from the face and hands, they are clean. ftll persons have not the mwn for taking a daily bath, but there are few but what could manage to wash the whole of their body once a week. External appearances are no index to the cleanliness of a person's body. There is a very amusing story told by the late Professor Simpson, of Edinburgh, illustrating this fact. At the time he introduced chloroform it was a common occurrence at evening parties at hie house for some of the party to become narcotised. A well-known dandy stoutly and indignantly denied that all sensation was lost during the time tie drag exerted its influence. Again he -was put under its influence, and Professor Simpson resolved to give him ocular proof of his unconscious ness by removing his boots and stockings. He did so, and the astonished youth on awakening found that the party were ftaring with mingled laughter and disgust at his feet, which were as black as a costei monger's. I need not tell you that the young man soon disappeared, and was not Si en again in society for some time. In cases of sickness to strictly cany out the doctor's instructions is another means of pro longing- life. Some people blame the doctors for killing their patients, but I believe that more persons die for want of good nursing than from Lad medical treatment. There is a story told of a countryman in England who had heard that if he went to London for medical advice he would see outside all the doctors" doors the ghosts of all the patients they had killed. He passed a number of doctors' houses, outside of which he saw a great number of ghosts, but after travelling for some distance came to a doctor's residence were there was only one ghost. Delighted with this discovery he now thought be could consult the cleverest physician in England, but on tnalHna- enquiries found that that doctor had only had one patient. He returned to his home, repeating to him self—"l may as well be killed in the country as in London." Many persons attach too much importance to imnlininn and too little to their medical adviser's in structions. I believe certain medicines are invaluable when properly prescribed, but can assure you that a medical man's skill consists as much in knowing what to tell people to do and what not to do. But there is a class of people who expect you to work miracles by means of medicine alone, irre spective of what they may do to counteract its influence and aggravate the disease. A short time ago one of my patients suffering from typhoid fever fancied a raw apple and a glass half full of colonial beer, which be took, although I had repeatedly given him strict instructions as regards bis diet. The consequence was he nearly killed him self, and the only excuse he could give was he thought there was no harm in it. A great want in this colony is trained nurses, and I am pleased to find that one object connected with the Children's Hospital is for that purpose. Almost every woman imagines she is capable of nursing and caring for the sick, although entirely desti tute of any previous experience whatever. It is a thing which w«men require to learn, and which they should be taught, and even with that there are many who are in no -way adapted for it. I -will just mention two out of the very many dungs that con stitute a good nurse. These are to do as she is told, and keep her brains clear by not muddling them with alcoholic liquors. I do not like to say anything against the females, for I do not know what I should do without them; but I know they will agree with me in sayinpr that there is a cuss of meddling women who by their " wis dom" do a great deal of harm. I will give you one illustration. A person suffering from a disease of the eye, after trying various remedies himself was advised by certain females to try the following:—One said, apply hot linseed meal poultices; No. 2 recommended cold bread and water poul tices ; No. 3, tea leaves; No. 4, bluestone;' No. 5, sugar of lead; No. 6, tobacco smoke; for, as sne said, it would make the water run and bring awav the matter; and the last was the infallible remedy of a slice of fat pork placed over the eye at bed-time And Eo he went on until his sight was nearly lost, and was compelled to consult a c'octor, which cost him several pounds; but in the first instance might have be-n cured for a few shillings. This is not the only evil caused by this class of females for they often interfeie where medical men aie in attendance., and in some instances prevent their remedies being applied. Ido not wish to convey the impression that people should be continually running to a doctor with every little ailment, as there are many simple things to which persons can attend themselves; but there are ia stances in which it is advisable to obtain medical advice as quickly as possible. For example, if be r "p*1*g in your neighborhood and you have the slightest symptoms of sore throat, I certainly think it would be a saving in a pecuniary point to have it medically attended to at once, and in some cases would no doubt be the means of prolonging life. I have said oae or two things against a certain class of females, but don't run away 'with the idea that I dislike die sex, for I think woman in her proper place is invaluable—ever ready to do an act of kindness to relieve the EufferingE and Bocrthe die sorrow of others, even at the sacrifice of herself. This fact is beautifully illustrated by Sir Walter Scott, when he says— Oh. woman! in our hours of ease. Uncertain, coy, and hard to please. And variable as the shade By the light quivering aspen made; AMun paw and anguish wring the brow, A ministering angel thm ! To improve the sanitary condition of our homes and die city is another means of prolonging life. Nearly all the cottages in Adelaide have the foundations on a level with the surface of die ground on which die walls are commenced, and which in some instances are really below the surface; die consequence is damp walls; this means damp houses, and where you have damp houses you are sure to have sickness more or less. The foundations of every house should be raised fully eigh teen inches or two feet above die surface: they should contain air biicke, so that a free current of air can pass below die floors, helping to keap diem diy and sweet. Then, again, die ven tilation in many houses is defective, many rooms not having the slightest ventilation, not even a fireplace, and persons sleep in them -with the doors closed. This is often die reason why you awake in die morning with a headache, why you havcan unplea sant taste in your mouth, and why you fee languid—in tact more tired than when you went to bed. The fact is, you have been undergoing a slow Process of poisoning Many of you know that it is upon the oxygen in the air that we depend for life, and if placed in au air-tight room would soon die, because we fabould consume all the oxygen the room contained, so that you see houses to be healthv require to he freely ventilated. Th« vards connected witii many of the houses are far too small, and under existing cir cumstances are the means of creating disease. I have seen them about five yards wide and eight or ten yards long, and within this small space you have a closet, in some cases within from three to six yards of tb<s back door, the surface drain frequently containing stagnant water; ducks and fowls are kept, and some times a goat, also a box containing decomposing vegetable and animal matter, and yet people wonder why tiiey are ill. Narrow recesses, called places, are also ob jectionable, as a free current of air never passes through them to sweep away the germs of disease that are lingering about. To preserve die health of a city die streets should be wide, and every facility rendered to die air to sweep away the agents of disease. Again, there is our present sys tem of drainage, which is certainly abom inable. You cannot walk our streets with out being disgusted with noxious smells arising from accummulated tilth. One would think that after all that has been raid on the question of drainage that something would be done. But no ; like the Central Road Board and District Councils, who seldom dunk of protecting dangerous places on the roads until some poor fellow gets killed, so our legislators \- -will wait until an epidemic breaks out, and carries off half the population before they awake to die fact that our system of drain age is defective and try to remedy die evil; in otiier words tiiey will shut die stable door when the hone is gone. To pro lone life you require a pure atmos phere, which you cannot haye while the products of decomposition are impregnating it. All matter jb indestructible you ma evaporate it, burn it, do what you like ■with, but it still exists though in another form. A candle decomposes when it is burned, but all its particles can be collected, producing the same weight as the r-?nHl« was before it was burned. A dead animal eoon disappears, or at least the soft parts do, but every atom of it still exists; its com pounds have merely separated into dieir simple elements. A\ ere you to stand near an animal that has been dead for a few days and inhale the poisonous gases, you would soon feel sick and ill, probably for die remainder of die day; and were you to stand diere fora few* hours, die chances are you -would not recover for weeks. The reason is, you have inhaled tile germs of disease that poison your system. These germs aie floating about our city more or less in all directions ; some persons escape them more than others, but in many cases tiiey gradually accumulate in die system until nature is unable to throw diem off; the result is physical bankruptcy, and no wonder it sometimes goes hard with the defaulter. To see many of diese germs you need only make a small aperture in a dark room dirough which a sunbeam may pass; millions of particles of dust become visible, which disappear as soon as the room is exposed to the full light of the sun. These germs, in proper son, grow and multiply. You have a simple but most beautiful illustration of cell growth in common yeast; of which place a small quantity under a microscope, and you will see die cells sprouting and bud before your eyes. Some of you who are accustomed to make jam oftea find, to your annoyance, that when you open a pot it is covered with a blue-green mould, which, as you know, is very rapid in its growth. It is die same thin* that you often see on bread, damp boots, damp walls, &c.; How is it that your meat, milk, and otiier substances putrefy ? You eay because they are exposed to die air. It is not merely because tiiey axe exposed to die air, but the air containing die agent of putrefaction is deposited in your meat. Pure air freed from these gums will never cause putrefaction, and die reason why diese substances keep sweet longer in cold than hot weather is because these germs are numbed and for a time rendered in active, like some of die reptiles of our colonies, but when brought into a warmer atmosphere become active to a dangerous extent. If you take a drop of juice from putrid meat and place it under a micro scope, you will find it swarming witii living organisms. Is it then unreasonable to suppose that disease germs find a produc tive soil in die human body?—tiiat they increase and multiply, injuring die tissues witii which tiiey come in contact, destroying- life by the generation of poisonous compounds wititia die system. Deep drainage is die only thing tiiat will do away with tins state of tilings. Some of you oppose it on account of die expense, and die probability of having to pay an extra rate, but I can assure you dut while you jingle the few paltry coppers in your j ockets you are driving nails into your own coffin, may be tiiat of your wife, children, or dearest friend. If you value filthy lucre more than your own life, or she who is your partner and helpmate, or those darling little ones whom God has given vou to be die joy of your heart, the pride of your life and support in old ape, then I say oppose deep drainage; but if you prize diem above earthly riches, which I know you do. then rest not satisfied until die system of deep drainage is carried out. and the filth which now infects our city be continually carried away from it. I hesitate not to ear that were our city as tiuckly populated as London, Glasgow, and many odier large cities and towns, witii our present system of drainage, die death-rate would be fifty per cent. Marriage if not premature u anotiier means of prolonging life. Pre mature marriages axe injurious and calcu lated to shorten life; the organization of die system is interfered with before its completion, die woman frequently remain ing of small stature, weak, and sickly: if she become a mother she is unable to supply her child with a sufficient quantity of milk, and it also become sickly. The modier has too great a strain upon her weak and nervous system, her youdi is passed away in sorrow, and premature old age sodh shows itself; but diere are certain years of manhood and womanhood when marriage becomes beneficial,and is a mean* of prolonging life, for it is admitted by professional men tiiat it removes a number of diseases incidental to both sexes. Con trast the happy home of the family, die sweet smiling "busy little wife, with her fresh and cheerful litde ones anxiously looking for die return of her husband jfrom his daily labors—die land fadier and loving husband, whose affections are centred in hia wife and children, making married life a bliss indeed. I say contrast diis widi die poor old bachelor—cold, selfish, irritable, inte rested in nothing but himself, carrying about witii him a look of disappointment and an appearance of having frustrated die derigu of nature. I think it is Cowper who save:— **" Domestic life la friendly to the liest pursuit* of nun : Friendly to thought, to virtue, and to |?-acr. Few know thy value, and few taste thy aweeU Tl Jougb many boaat thy favor, aud affect To understand and choose tbee for their own." Persons with large families thrive well, and persons who have lived to a great age have been married. Thomas Parr, of Eng land, lived to die age of 152 years, and was married several times. Le Longueville, a Frenchman, lived to die age of 110 years, and, it is said, married ten wives, his last wife bearing him a son in his 101st year. Persons who diiak of marrying—and there are few -who do not —should study to make a wise selection. With human beuifw this, in a {_rreat number of cases, is litde thought of: the parties are too deeply in love to notice any defects; tiiey get married, tometimes in haste and repent at leisure. The principle of im j roving the breed of animals by croemn^ is fully established, and applies to man as well as the inferior «mnnl« Mixed marriages are die best and most favorable to the (soundness of the offspring-. The Americans are an active and enterprising people; they have attracted die admiration of Europe by die great advancements they have made in science, art, and commerce: aud they are a mixture, principally of English, likh, Scotch, and German. It is a mistake for persons to marry too nearly allied in blood. That disease can be, and is transmitted from parent to child, is well knowu, and as a proof of which I need only mention that one most fatal disease, consumption. This leads me to speak on a very delicate question, but one diat re quires die cabai and serious consideration of the community and of the State. I know that many -will differ with me in my opinions on this subject—a right diev may justly claim—but I bring it before die public from a sense of duty and leave die result. You must infer from my remarks what die disease is, and I shall briefly show you some of its characteristics. It has been justly said to be one of die most malig nant, most lasting, and most destructive diseases diat affects die- human frame. It has been known to skip one generation and appear in die next. A woman may have a child born unto her suffering from a loathsome disease, of which neither she nor her husband is die direct cause. Many diseases from which people suffer, called by otiier names, can be traced back to and havedieir origin in diis disease. It is a powerful poison, insidious in its action, deteriorating every structure of the body, even die very marrow in your bones. In • , certamstag^itsvictimienotoalyacouurmed invalid for a loug time, but it slowly and cutely carries on its work of destruction until he becomes disgusting to society, a burden to himself, fund longs for death. And here I wish to point out to you that tiiousanda of innocent persons suffer for die sins of the guilty. Truly may it be said die sins of die father are vis'itad upon die children. What dieu are we to do to stay die progress of euoh a frightful disease as diis? Some aayjagialate, odiers argue diat by such an act a sin would be legalised which is condemned by diat Book to which England attributes die secret of her glory. There is one fact which I think no one will deny, that legislate as you like you will never by it prevent the ain; diat I am afraid will exist while die world lasts. Are we then to allow diis frightful malady to nsb. on unchecked till every member of society becomes tainted widi it, and it becomes characteristically significant in every countenance. For the sake of my children and others, I aay no. I should be very sorry to aay one word in favor of prostitution, and I regret to find it on die increase, but if our lsgulaton try by all legitimate means to prevent die sin but fail, it then becomes dteir duty to try and prevent its evil effects, which is fast degenerating die Anglo-Saxon race. I maintain diat trying to remedy the evil does not in the least degree Kylim. die sin, when it is a moral impossibMty to pre vent it. 1 believe that laws can be made diat will not only prevent die spread of diis most destructive disease, but lessen prostitution. I have endeavored to bring before you as clearly as possible some ofthe means by which you may prolonglife: there are many odiers which I have of necessity omitted, as die time in delivering a lecture of this kind will not allow me even to refer to diem. I trust, however, diat you will act upon at least some of die advice I have given you, and diat our feeble efforts here to-night may be as bread cast upon die waters, to be found after many days. 