Bahok Grant is becoming famous in more ways than he could over liavo dronmt of. His name is sounded in qvory community largo onongli to bo ablo to count a score of readers of newspapers. He is like nil other individuals distinguished by the possession of remarkablo characteristics — a man, whom ovoryono fti general, as somo poisons in particular appear to think, they aro in duty bound to criticise and judge by standards of intelligence, excel" lenco, morality, and probity, sot up by thomsclvcs. If nuy of, those solf-com- missiono'd censors of words has good cause for suspecting that he is not himself in onviablo order with, his fellow men, or that liis namo is not associated with the good opinions or esteem of thoso his interests and businoas render it necessary for him , to mix among, he immediately eta about repairing -his own damngod- roputation .by tearing to pieces or defiling that of Baron Grant. This notorious Jew banker is, thereforo, a regular godsend to all the unlucky pos sessors of doubtful and rioketty characters, provided opportunities of time and place ars only furnished to thorn. Wo almost envy the adventurous and clever German financier, who appears to have this advan tage over liis many rivals and imitators in an humble way, that, no matter how successful ho may be in acquiring money through questionable means andv sharp practices, ho is always enabled to dis gorge the plunder accuuinluluil when the aw decides that he is bound to do so. With our puny local barons of the same class the caso is very different ; for, although oquntly rapacious, and as unscru pulous as thou Gorman protocypo in gorging themselves with pluudcr, no matter how the law may ho brought to bear upon them, they hare nuvor been known to dirgorgo any portion of what thoy may bavo dishonestly absorbed. It is not pleasant to have the public ear and mind so constantly filled with defamatory reprobations of this clever Loudon financior. The colony is in no way interested at prosont in his proceedings, ' When the Alain Lino Kail- way Company was first formed, it is truo the namo of Albert Grant was frequently niontionod in association with it. 13ut for some time past, the more particularly since the ro- organisation of tho company, tlio colony cannot bo affected in any way by tho acts of B.arou Grant, except, indeed, somo impolitic and ill-con sidered action 011 the part of tho Govern ment can afford great and influential financial speculators, who have the moans of damaging our credit, somo plausible protonco for doing so. Wo have had too much altogether of the attempts alleged to liavo been made by tho company and its agents in Loudon to lower our credit on tho Stock Exchange. No offorls of tho kind could possibly suc- ceed, if our own conduct was abovo reproach, and was not calculated to justify suspicious on the part of our creditors, and it is thereforo impolitic, ns well as unwise upon our siclo, to keopporputually cryiug out against a calamity our own imprudence and want of judgment had invoked. Wo hope, thereforo, to hoar no tnoro of Baron Grunt, or tho " dis graceful conduct of tho Railway Com pany." Tho public aro imuaeatod by tho ceaseless reiteration of tho charges, counter charges, and recriminations, by which this disastrous controversy between tho Govcruiuont ami tho company has been so long associated ; and it is really painful to listen to mombors of the Legislature occupying and wasting time of Parliament by rehearsing narratives of misconduct, dishonesty, broaches of con tract, real and imagined, which aro as familiar to tho minds of every adult in tho colony, as anything could by, of which no one is eupposod to bo without a perfect knowlcdgo. For these and othor ronsons, it is tho almost universal desire of every Intelli gent and disinterested person in the colony to have tho ghost or apparition of tho Main Lino Kuihvay quarrol laid for ever. And it is for tho same reasons wc have to regret that tho Government action in the matter, since the arrival of- tho deputation, has not been moro decisive and statesmanlike than tho correspon- dence lately published shows it to liavo been. No privato member ought to asaumo tho responsibility of dictating to Parliament and the Executive tho tonus upon which a subject of such vast general importance to the colony ought to bo troatcd. For, although in common with all othor independent friends of the people wo desiro to soo tho mutter dealt with on grounds wholly distinct from those of party, wo do not wish to sea tho priuciplo of Ministerial responsibility to the representatives of tho country in the slightest degree) compromised or weakened. And this, in our minds, would be one of tho effects of n privato member currying a proposition for settling the dispute different or adverse to lite proposals of the Exccutivo. We hoar, however, that tho proposals of tho Government are not likely to bo acceptable to a majority of the Legislative Council ; and, should this prove to bo the case, wo are at a loss to concoivo how Ministers could continuo to hold oflico. Wo havo had occasion to express some doubts as to tho cordiality of tho relations of the membors of tho Cabinet towards each othor for soino time, and wo have some reason for helieving that one or two of its mouibcrs hold views very different to those expressed by tho Premier, ns well as the Attorney-General, Bo tho case as it may. tho impression is vory general that tho Legislative Council is very likely to vield to the nmlumintr influences it has submitted to with such docile complacency during tho last fow sessions. Wo shall not be surprised at any course that an irresponsible and improperly led body should feel justifiod in following— but that, if tho groat soro is to bo kept open for tho convenience and profit of certain members of tho Council, the public will be induced to exhibit something like a proper souse of tho magnitude of the ovil of tolerating such an institution as the presont Legislative Council has provod itself to be. But, pursuing tho statements mado by Ministers in reforence to tho alleged connection of Mr. Albort Grant with tho Main Lino Railway Company, wo find by a Parliamentary paper, laid bofore both Houses yoBterday afternoun, that the damaging misrepresentations made by the Premier ou tho subject are mot by a flat and unansworablo contradic tion by tho local agent of tho company, instructed by his principals in London. The following extract from the reply of Mr. C. H. Grant, and tho instructions of tho directory, that this Air. Albert Grant has had no connection whatever with the reconstructed company, as ho has had nothing to do with it sinco December 29, 1877, or for somo weeks previous to the election of the1 new directory. So that all wo havo heard asserted with such confidence concerning this vory much abusod financier is utterly unfounded, and without any ' honest justification. Tho object of making such un warrantable . misstatements is plain enough. By painting Albert Grant in the most offensive possiblo manner, and then establishing in tho minds of tho publican imaginary bond of connection between him and tne company, it was, of course, thought that the odium hoaped upon and attached to him, would bo liberally shared between him, tho com pany, and their much calumniated friends in Tasmauia.!'. We shall, for tho better understanding of the cose, chango slightly the order of tho para graphs, as it is followed in the original paper, by giving tho statement of tho secretary precedence : — The howl wrote first to tho committee, asking them to defer tho quotation ; and then wrote again, in further definition of the position they desired to assume, requesting that tho consideration of the question might be deferred until the result of the negocia- lionB with tho Government of Tasmania is made known in this country j and with neither lotter had Mr. Albert Green any thing whatever to do. Ho has ceased to be a shareholder since December 29, 1S77, and tho directors repudiate absolutely the idea that be in any way controls or influences, even In tho slightest degree, the action of the directors or the affairs of tho company. . The document wo quoto from is from a lettor addressed by Mr, G, H. Grant to tho hon. Colonial Treasurer and Premier, dated July 27, 1878, and is in reply to tho. misstatements by that gentleman. Mr, Grant proceeds to observe : — An regards the position of the chairman of .tlio company, ho was in no way or manner whatever connected with Mr. A. Grant, oitlicr iu bis nomination or continuance in office; and had nover once seen Mr. A. Grant or known him in business until the company (at a 1 comparatively recent date), knowing lie had somo slight interest in the shares issued to the contractors, applied to liiiu in his capacity of banker and financial agent for u small loan, which he advanced. Air. A. Grant had nothing whatever to do with tho election of tho landholders' repre sentatives, but Mpoko at tho mootings us one of the outside public ; ami whatever interest he may have in the company, acquired through the contractors, which must Iks com paratively very little, he has no influence with the board of directors. It is by misrepresentations such as those so unanswerably exposed that the species of class government under which tho colony has so long suffered is sup ported ; and Ministers cannot complain if flic independent members of Parliament exhibit such a largo amount of distrust in their acts and words. In point of private, political, or personal morality, and good, honest principlo, thero is not tlio smallest particle of ditVoronco to be detected botweon Albort Grant, as ho bus boon described by the Premier, and tho Hon. W. It. Gibliu and his colleagues. Lboislativk Coc.vciL— In tho Legisla tive Council, several petitions from mombors and adherents of the Church of Scotland in suvcral parts of the colony woro presented. Tho bill for the payment of interest to the Main Lino Hallway Company, Limited, was road n first time, and its second reading fixed for Tuesday uoxt. l)r. Crowthcr laiu upon the table of the i louse a copy of tlio correspondence between himself and Colonel Grey, relative to the means by which Air. Chapman became nwnro of a confidential : document, Mr Clark's report on the railway, and the answer of tho Colonial Secretary, in reply to an interrogatory of Dr. Crowthcr, with reference to this subjoot on tho 4th instant. Tlio papers were ordered to be printed. Dr. Crowthcr then gave notice that be would draw attention to these papers on Tuesday next. Mr. Chapman's motion relative to the Alain Line Jtailway corre spondence, was p<>st|K)iicd till Tuesday next. Tho House adjourned till 4 o'clock on Tues day. Australian CmcKiTrKiw.— These gentle men from the southern hemisphere appear to have really earned their laurels ably and well during their sojourn in the old country, and goes far to prove that at any rate there seems no chance of tho old blood becoming deteriorated, ns far ns manly games arc con cerned ; and the lust two matches in which they liavo taken part, against the Players and the .Sussex Eleven, iu both of which games they may he considered the winners, gives them one of the highest places as a cricket eleven it is possible to obtaiu. Their visit, with but slight exceptions, appears to have been of a most agrecablo character, ami upon their return they will no doubt relate to their friends and acquaintances many an instructive and amusing episode from their daily life. Those members who have not returned to their old homes for some years will woudcr at the marvellous changes that have taken place among the scenes they left behind, to try their fortunes in a distant clime : while those to whom the old country was a strango land will have found much to wonder at, much to admire. Wo sincerely liopo tiiat the opiwrtunitics that have been thus afforded them will not have been lost, hut upon their return they will profit by their new cx)>crienccs, ami that their recent- visit will tend in a large measure to knit moro closely tho bands that unite, though many thousand miles mny in tervene, the children to their mother. Rkliuious Notes, Lauhcesto.-s. — As I yesterday telegraphed you, the Rev. M. .T. Bcccliiuor has arrived at Launccstou to relieve, for a fortnight, the Uov. P. F, Glcc- son, who proceeds ou a visit to tho metro polis. I learn that a French clergyman, tho Rev. Father Beoohi, is shortly expected in Tasmania, to continue the Catholic mission so successfully commenced and prosecuted by the Rev. Father Lo Alcnant. — Launccstou Correspondent. Commanding Officers' Pauadk. — About one hundred and ninety members of the Artillery, including tho bund, assembled last evening at tho drill yard for inspection by tho commanding officer. After prelimin ary drill each man was presented with a copy of the new drill book compiled by Captain Boddnm, and, headed by the band, the corps paraded the principal streets, and broke off in Macqiiaric-strcct about 10 o'clock. A Soimikmk Couitr Juuok. — A case cropped up yesterday morning which serves to show the relations lietween the higher and lower courts. . When the jury for the trial of the action, Alford v. Burrowes, had been called, Mr. A. A. Butler, who was one of those chosen, stated to His Honor that he had been aubpeonned as a witness in a trial at tho polico court, ami wished to attend there, liis Honor said that it was not usual to recogniso a juror's engagements : but Mr. Butler's absence from the lower court might be the cause of inconvenience, which would not be the result iu the higher one, ns another juror could he called. Tho counsel had no objection, and Mr. Henry Hunter took the vacant seat. The Tiieatiib Roy ad. — Dion Boucicanlt's sensational drama, " The Shaughraun," was again produced at tho Theatre Royal last evening, before a large and enthusiastic audience. Mr. Whcatleigh was accorded rapturous applause in return for tho great pleasure his natural and intensely humorous acting gave those present. Mr. Barry also represented Harvey Duff with that success which is necessary to make tho villain de tested. The piece went with its usual smoothness, and has, without doubt, become a favorito with tho people. The "Flying Scud " will bo again ou the boards this even ing. D'Ancv Read's Guost. — This popular entertainment again drow a large audience to the Town Hall last evening. The efforts of the performers were rewarded by frequent applause, and -the novelty of the entertain ment evidently is in keeping with tho taste of the majority of the community. It is a pity that the limited space for the accommo dation of so much paraphernalia prevents the voices of the singers being heard with that clearness which is generally desirable. Tlie performance was patronised by His Excellency tho Governor; and it is hut fair to add that the selections played by Air. Crowliurst were much admired by thoso in front, SumiF,ME Court.— Tho case of Alford v. Burrowes occupied the wholo time of tho Supreme Court yesterday. It was nil action brough by the plaintiff for £300 damages for false imprisonment,' and the particulars ap peared in our columns when tho matter cropped up! in the local police court. Jt will be remembered that' Mr. Alford was, somo -months ago, accuBcd by Mr. Burrowes of ombozzlomont as an agent, and was arrested at his instance, thenllcged offence boiug that Alford was entrusted by Air. Burrowes with two nigs to sol! on commission, and kept tlio money. Alford left town, and Mr. Burrowes had him apprehended up country ; but tho case against him was dismissed by tlio police magistrate. It was yesterday attempted to be shown for the plaintiff that the defendant knew ho was about to . leave, and hnil him arrested iu order to " bounce " Alford's father into paying not only for the rugs- valued at £15 iOs.— but for other items bought by tho plaintiff in tho ordinary course of business. On tlio other side it .was con tended tliat the sudden disappearance of Alford, taken in connection with his mone tary difficulties with other parties, justified the arrest. After a deliberation of about an hour, the jury inquired tho amount ; of damages that would carry costs. Air. Justice Dobson said anything over £7, whereupon a verdict .was given for that amount precisely. Mr. Byron Miller, who appoarea for tho plaintiff, feared that the jury had misunder stood His Honor, who'thcn- explained to the jury that their verdict would leave; each parly'to 'pay his own costs. The foreman intimated tliat 3Uch was the desiro of the jury, mid . that . thoy adhered to their verdict for £7. The Court was .then, djourned to 10 o'clock this morning, wlion the two re maining cases — Stephens v.-, Wilson, damages for an assault'; and Davis v. Clievertun, (linages for a collision— will come on for hearing, i;- ' The Australian .Squadron.— At the pre sent lime, says tho "Argus," the onlv war vessels on the Australian slatinn, exclusive of the cruising schooners, are the Wolverine, Sapphire, and Sappho, mounting in all 35 guns. When the sqaiidmn is augmented by tlie presence of the Emerald, Danac, and Cormorant, tlio six vessels will carry ail Aggregate of <15 guns. The Sappho has been longest on the station, having been com missioned in August, 1S74. Tho Sapphire was commissioned a year later, and the Wolverine in August, 1S70. WwoinjI v. Dkouavks.— Wo have re ceived the following from Mr. Dodds, tho solicitor for tho defendant, referring to a paragraph in our issuo of yesterday, viz.: — " No point was reserved in this case. Tlie Attorney-General merely asked His Honor to mako a note of tho point he raised. It docs nob at all follow that tho plnintiir will move the Court above. Your local says : — ' This amountad to a vordict for defendant.' A distinct verdict for defendant was returned on all throe counts. Virtually, the plaintiff will have to pay the wholo costs, ns ho is only entitled to costs on tho one count, upon which money was paid into Court, and that only up to the timo of. payment, the amount being a mero nothing." Northern Tasmainian Poultry Snow. — A meeting of the committee was held ou Thursday evening nt tho ollice of Messrs. Hudson and Shcrwin. It was reported that arrangements lind been made with Mr. K. W. Lord, of tlie Launccstou ami Western Railway, for the return free of unsold ex- luhits ; anil it was licing endeavored to obtain n similar privilege from Air. Grant, of the Tnsmaninu Alain Line Railway. Sub committee, were appointed to receive the delegates from the Hobart Town, Alidland, and Longford societies, and then carry out other arrangements in - connection with the forthcoming show. Tlie secretary intimated that a member of the society had presented a silver shield to lie a wanted to most suc cessful exhibitor in Spanish, Dorking, Bralmm, and C'ochiu poultry. Entries for the show will lie received on Aloudny even ing ut tho Criterion Hotol. — Lunnceston Correspondent. volunteer parade, Lacnceston.— tllc two companies of the Northern detachment of the rifle regiment assembled in uniform at the drill-room on Thursday evening. They were put through their facings and inspected by Liout.-Colonel Home and Capt. Boddain. Subsequently, in command of Capt. Boddnm and headed by the garrison band, the corps marched through the principal streets of tlio town, and were then dismissed. The volun teers were accompanied iu their line of march by a largo concourse of their fellow townspeople.— Lunnceston Correspondent. DnumArxi: Tuouhi.es. — Verily the Muni cipal Council of Dcloraine havo gained for themselves tho acme of Tasmaniau notoriety. They arc continually iu hot water with each other, their servants, and everybody having the audacity to tilt against any of their acts or opinions. Yunr columns havo frequently recorded tlie many " eccentric" acts of tlie lwdy alluded to, and I will just give a brief resume of the more recent scenes in the drama in nnmlierlcss acts of "Dcloraino troubles," as recorded at the police court of that municipality on Thursday, the case being a charge of drunkenness, preferred by Constable B, Sullivan against D. D. Grillin, Superintendent of Police Ou the 16th ult. Constable Sullivan, of the local xiulice force, was under escort duty in connection with the despatch of a prisoner to Wcstbury. At 9 o'clock that morning — Carr's firo occurred the previous night — he cnllcd upon Superin tendent Grillin for orders, and waited until half-past eleven, without being able to see his superior officer. He communicated with tho AN urden, who requested him to look for the warrant. Sullivan then went to Griffin's residences, and found tliat ofliccr lying ou a scttco in Ids sitting room, in a drunken con dition, and smelling of grog. On asking for tlie warrant, Sullivan obtained from his superior a roply of that nature which simple people are considered unable to mako to a goose. Tho autocrat evidently considered liis subordinate to bo a feathered intruder, ami to evidouco his own superiority said "Bool The aggrieved party reported the matter to tlie Warden and another gentle- man, at tho same timo telling them tliat Griffin was in dangor. Tmo AArardon contented himself by sending Sullivan to Mr. Shorey'8, and when coming hack from that plnco the constable met Grillin coming down the hill from the direc tion of tlio sale yards. He told Sullivan to tako the prisoner to Wcstbnry,ond drag liiin, if necessary. On tho constable's refusal to resort to that violence, Grillin said he would tic the prisoner to tho stirrup and drag him there. Tho affrighted prisoner "said, "Save me from that drunken man." Subsequently tho prisoner was pronounced as being too unwoll to travel. Sullivan being cross- examined by Griffin admitted that the lost jiauicd had been on duty on tho night of the fire. The witness swore that ho had never stated that he would do nil in his power to have the defendant removed, but the latter had said tliat if it cost liiin £20 lie would cause Sullivan to leave, the force. The witnesses called on behalf of the informa tion gave evidence in favor of the defence ; and Grillin, addressing the Bench, asserted that ho had been up all night at the fire, ami being wet nnd tired had taken n glass of gin. Ho said tliat tho charge was brought forward by Sullivan in u vindictive feeling. Tlie case was dismissed, and it is thought that Sullivan will be suspended, pending in vestigation by tho Council. — Launceston Correspondent. Football, —Tho return match, Lawyers and Merchants v, Bankers nnd Civil Sorvice, will bo played this afternoon on the City Club football ground; Flay to commence at 2.30 o'clock sharp. Tho following arc the names of the players Civil Service nnd Bankers — Molloy, Crcawcll, Lindley, Maxey, Fan I, McLoughlin, Butler, Butler, Moris, Gnrrnril, Turner, Lord, Hopo, Ellis. Lawyers and Merchants — Fitfield, AY. Stuart, Kirby, Burn, Kirby, Horne, AVilaon, Finlay, A. Stuart, Robertson, Moore, Hanna- ford, Buscombe, Dawes. The Statutory Declarations. — The notice of motiou given by Air. Balfo for the production of tlicso very important docu ments, was abandoned on Thursday by the member for West Hobart, under a misappre hension of tho ruling of tlie Speaker. But it will be brought forward again in a some what new form. It is almost incredible to believe that no member of the Legislative Council could be permitted to use such insulting language ns that which fell from a >erson who appeared to he allowed a goneral icensc to assail everyone who presumes to refuse to follow his lead, or to submit to his ofiensivo dictation. But it will he found that there remains, among tho independent members of tlie House, spirit enough to rosent the gross insults, offered without rchuko, to evory member of tho House of Assembly in the persons of two gentlemen, who at least boast of preserving their personal honor untarnished, The necessary notice of motion to reopen the wholo question, will bo given when the Assembly next meets. The Bill for the Maintenance, of Roads, Buumiw, etc.— 1 This bill, as it was described yesterday by the member for Dclo raine, is evidently intended to carry out tlio principle, centralisation — and wring from all. local bodies tho management of all business, in the propor conduct of which tho residents of the various localities are most interested, . and best able to manage with advantage and economy. The more wo oxamine the Bill in its present state, the. stronger grow, our' objections to it; It is part of a policy , to which wc havo the strongest' repugnance, and to whioh a vory strong, if not successful, opposition will be given. Indeed, wo aro quite prepared .to seo it rejected, and it seems impossible to deprive it of its political virus.. Aye shall .tako an early, opportunity of pointing out those portions in tlio bill wo deem most open to objection. Northern Poultry Show.— The eleventh animal exhibition , of the Northern Poultry Association takes place on the 18th and 19th instant at Launceston. Southern eutrics will lib received by Air. Chapman, at the com mittee rooiji, Mechanics' Iustituto, ou Mon day evening next, from 8 till 9 o'clock. AVe hopo to chronicle that a large number hiive been registered and bolieve tlie show i in question bids fair to be a great success, ' 