. COFFEIi PALACES FOR MELBOURNE. A public meeting wa= heldlastweelc in the Mission II all. Collingwood, convened by the promoters of tho ' Coffee Palace Company and Working Mini's Club.' The prospectus, which was circulated amongst those who at tended the meeting, set forth that it was pro posed that the club should bo registered under the Building Societies Act ; capital, .£5000 in 5000 shares of .£1 each ; 2s Gd per olmrn I rv 111. r,ni,l mi nrml inotinn nn.1 0-. 0,1 ^ J,,,,.. IM. lYINILIUUII, .11. U a OU Oil allotment ; 110 call to exceed Is per month. The names of the provisional directors wero given as follows — Messrs James Mirams, M.L.A., M. J. Allan, John Hendy, J. W. Mcaden, F. Baker, Win. Griffith, John Col lins, A. Home and Dr Singleton ; hon. trea surer, Dr Daniel ; secretary, Mr J. W. Wood. There wero about 100 persons pre sent, and Mr .James Mirams occupied tlio chair. He said that the idea to establish a coffee palace in Collingwood was the outcomc of tho efforts whichjhnd boen made in Collingwood by Mi Matthew Burnett in tho cause of temperance, and tho promoters had been actuated Ly a desire to prevent those who had rommtlv taken tho pledgo from relapsing info their old habits. Ho was glad to find that tho' press supported the movement, and he was still more pleased that that support was accorded by journals which were not generally in ac cord with the views of the people of Colling wood. Tho hearty support which was ac corded was encouraging, but the people of Collingwood should rely on themselves. They aro too often apt to look to the Govern ment for assistance, but in this matter it was their duty to nssist themselves, nnd by tho successful establishment of a eofi'oo palaco chcck the progress of strong drink. Intem perance was a growing evil, and they were confronted with it in a startling manner when they consider that in 1877 .£950,375 worth of liquor was imported into tho colony, and that .£5G9,375 liad been paid ns customs duty. Tho excise duty upon spirits mndo in tho colony during the samo poriod was £15,000, whilst thn valuoof colonial beer sold whole sale was .£l,423,G35. and of colonial wine £20,000. These liquors ho estimated were retailed for about £3,971,193, which almost equalled tho cntiro revenue of the colony. That money, instead of being expended for a beneficial purpose, was actually spent for what was injurious. Thoro was still a further ex pense to bo considered in tho loss of timo occasioned by drunkenness and in the punish ment of crime, also occasioned by drunken ness. He therefore thought it was higlt time that they should attempt to meet the evil, and the establishment of a coll'eo palace lie considered was a move in the right direction. Mr ,T. W. Wood, the secretary for the com pany, said the first thing the company would have to do would he to provide a building, and if all the shares were taken up they would have £1500 available for that purpose. The balance of the capital of the company would afterwards be called up according to the pros pectus. The promoters wero receiving very encouraging support, as the shares were being rapidly taken up. He liad that evening re ceived a letter from Mr Burnett, taking up 100 shares. (Applause). Dr. Singleton said tho great object in view was to make the working men provide a homo for themselves. Tho cofl'oo house contem plated would be a home, and I10 for on 0 would rather waithalf a year and havo the whole of the shares taken up by tho working men than have tho shares disposed of at once in Melbourne amongst speculators. He had re cently visited Geelong, and I10 was greatly pleased to observe the manner in which the coffeehouse at that place was progressing, plenty of accommodation was provided, aud tho tables were constantly full. In fact all tho attractions of a hotel wero afforded in tho shape of accommodation. This good work had been commenced by Miss Hutton, who caused fifteen gentlemen to lend £101) oacli, without interest, to procure a building, and now tho undertaking was progressing satisfactorily. In London tho Edinburgh Palace had been established as a counter at traction to the indulgence in strong drink, which at that time had doubled, in conse quence, it was thought, of the increased pay which tho working classes received. Il proved a remarkable success. Since then the Dublin Castle Coffee-house had been estab lished ; and although it had only been in existence for three years, it had last year re turned 5 percent on tlio outlay. In other parts of England the establishment of cocoa houses had been attended with the most satisfactory results. Thirty-throe of these houses in Liverpool last year returned 10 per cent. Ho would like to see the coffee palaces established in this colony made more attractive than those in England. 'That could bo done by providing reading and lecture rooms in connection with them. Dr Daniels and A. W. Meadiu also ad dressed the meeting in support of the estab lishment of coffeehouses, after which a num ber of shares were taken up. — Age. The Victorian Government, whilst per parcd to offer all reasonable facilities for securing the trade of Riverina and other im ? portant border districts which may be tapped by the railways of this colony, will not depart in any degree whatever from what has become the established policy of Victoria. Already reductions havo been made in tarrilfs .and dues which will doubtless havo an important influence upon the trade, and it may bo anti cipated that ore long tho extension of lines to other parts of the border territory will enable tho colony to compete still more extensively and effectually for tho traffic of our neigh bors. .-The Government say they ato tol erably well satisfied with tho result of the in tercolonial stock tax. It is now yoilding a return ' at the rate of between £40,000 and £50,000 per ani.un, which represents tlie transference of about a million sheep, besides cattle, horses &c.;, from the neighbouring colonies into the Victorian market. Ono effect of tho tax the Government claim to be, that it affords a good market for Victoiiau ' farmers, nearly all of whom are now sending sheep and cattle in small numbers into the Melbourne market- — A ne Outt Chick ETjsits. — London Punch says of our cricketers : — 'I havo seen you both at Louis and Commons. I have seen you all round. A splendid team ! Australia may well be proud of you, and England, too, as branches of the [Jritish willow, though grown at the Antipodes. You- are our couulorparls, though our Antipodes ; and 110 blind pride to you, big bats as you are. No doubt about your nationality. British Lions, every one. Birds of a feather with the old cock, and 110 mistake ! May von aud your groat country, of a still greater future, pros per ! — and may 'Advance, Australia!' long be'the best description of your career, as well as the device of your csculcheon !' Sunt) Wheat. — Tho commissioner for South Australia at the Paris Exhibition, Mr Boothbr, has been directing his attention to the introduction into the colony of 1111 im proved class of seed wheat. Having had his attention directed to a sample of extra ordinary seed wheat known as Mold's en nobled, ho has accordingly purchased one quarter of red and white respectively, which will be despatched in the next direct steamer from London. I11 a communication to Mr Coates, the secretary of the Royal Agricul tural Society in Adelaide, Mr Boothby writes that ' Plants of this wheat have been exhib ited here, and are of remarkably fine growth, and tho yield surprising. I enclose a pros pectus giving particulars. Tho grower has taken a sample of our prizo wheat, and intends to experiment upon it and inform mo of tlio result. Mr W. II. Mold, whoso address in Betliersdou, Asli ford, Kent, is a well knows grower of seed wheat. Your experience will suggest to you a method of procuring a a fair trial of this wheat in various soils and localities, and a careful record of the result of this experiment, which, should if prove suc cessful, may be beneficnl to the farming in terest.' In tho prospectus referred to it is slated that of the wheat mentioned as many as 105 heads have grown on one root. Mr Mold recommends that the grain should bo soY-n in smaller quantities than the ordinary seed, and a month earlier, as it requires both room and time. Railway Ruductions. — Some important reductions in the carriage rates 011 the Vic torian Railways, which will havo tho effect of materially facilitating tlio trade with Riverina and the neighboring district 011 the Victorian sido of the boundary, wero decided upon by the Minister of Railways, nnd will como into effect on Monday next. Tho present rates for tho conveyance of livo stock (shoop and cattle) arc lOd per truck per milo for the first 100 milos ; from 100 to 150 miles, 9d ; nnd over 150 milef, 8d. The new rate will be up to 150 miles, 9d per truck per mile, and over 150 miles, 7d. On grain and other produce the present charge is 1-id per ton per mile, but in futuro after the first 100 miles but Id per ton per milo will bo charged. The rate for colonial wine in bulk has also been under consideration, but for tho present, at any rate, 110 reduction can bo made ; and con sidering the risky nature of the goods it is very doubtful whether any alteration will tnko nlnon Gueat Riot at Tvson's-Biiidgk. — Side, 2 1st October. There was a great, riot at, Tyson's-lifld^o to-day. One l'mndred men assembled, and after li'iilf fju hour's sanguinary., fight with twenty of Tyson's riie'tf; the mob' look possession of the bridge, and destroyed tho gate. Many of the men had their clothes torn off, and a blackfellow named Freeman nearly throttled. Mills, Mr Tyson's overseer. It is expected that life will ho taken yet over the affair. In several of tho scuffles the com batants were trying to throw one another into the river. Several police Were on tho ground, but were powerless against tho mob, who wore aided by the councillors of Rosedalo Shire. Inspector Ivabat and more police are going their to-morrow. Tiie comparative mortality of abstainers and moderate drinkers is the subject of a very interesting letter in tho Sanitary Record by Dr. Edmunds, the well-known teetotal physician. That teetotalism tends to longevity is shown by tho fact that tho Temperance and General Provident Institu tion lias been ono of tho most successful of assurance societies, and, after paying vast sums to the representatives of deceased mem bers, possesses £2,300,000 as tho savings nnd property of its surviving members. Rahiiit Tax in Victouia. — A deputation from the malloo scrub district, Victoria, have had an interview with Mr Longmore in reference to the proposed tax to defray the expense of suppressing t.lio rabbit nuisance. The doputition was introduced by Mr Lycll, M.L.A. They complained that flic bill at present before Parliament would operate un fairly and injuriously as regarded the pastoral interest. They considered the tax of 2d per acre which it was proposed to enable the shire councils to levy too much. The land in the district where tho rabbits wero most numerous was very, poor, and would not bear any such impost. Tho deputation asked that the Government should render somo substantial assistance towards tho extermination of the pest, and not call upon tho pastoral tenants to contribute more than they deemed a reason able proportion of tho expenditure. Mr Lyell urged the Minister to reconsider the provision iu the bill relating to the finding of tho money to meet the cost of clearing olf tho rabbits, remarking that as the bill stood it would cause too heavy a burden to be thrown upon one class. Should the bill not be altered a vig orous opposition to it must be expected in Parliament. Mr Longmore won'ld not pro mise to make any alteration whatever in the bill. Twopence would be the limit of tho tax to be imposed. The pastoral tenants might objcct to it, but u energetic steps wero not taken under some such bill as the one at present before Parliament to get rid of the rabbits they would soon render it impossible for the pastoral tenants to remain 011 the land. The pastoral tenants in South Australia had refused to pass a similar measure until recently, because they objected to the idea of taxing themselves ; but the rabbit nuisance had now become so serious that they wero willingly passing the bill. They found that it was better to pay the tax tliau give up their land. Great Pioeon Flying. — A greater pace than oven ' a mile a minute' has been at tained by somo carrier pigeons, at Sydney, where two pigeon matches were flown, last Saturday, in connection with tho New South Wales Poultry, Pigeon, and Canary Society. One was from Mittagongto Sydney, 77 miles; the other from Douglas Park to Sydney, 45 miles. The match from Mittagong was tho second of a schedule; the Douglas Park match was a fly-off between three birds be longing to Messrs. Man-, Mnsgravo and Allerton, which tied for first place in the match flown last Saturday week. Nino birds competed in the Mittagong match. Tliev were taken to the place of starting on Friday night, in charge of Mr. Hector Monro, who kindly acted as starter. The arrangements were, that the first birds wero to bo tossed at 110011 on Saturday, the others at quarter-hour intervals, which was carried out accordingly. Tho weather was favourable, and the Hying was exceptionally good. Mr. James Kellick's bird came in a winner, having flown tlie dis tance (seventy-seven miles) in GGi- minutes. Mr. Marr'h bird also flew splendidly, accom plishing the disLance in G8A minutes ; Mr. Wright's bird also flew well, being, a good third, in 72^- minutes. Tho fiyhj,g from Douglas Park, also, was very fast. Mr. Marr's bird came in a winner, doing the forty five measured miles in 39 minutes, Mr. Mils grave was second, 48 minutes, and Mr. Allerton's bird third, 5G minutes. All (lie birds which took part wero fine strong flyers of the Antwerp carrier breed, and their ileel nees and good homing qualities did \110t betray their looks, as the timo the two matches w-ro flown in has not been surpassed any where. Ammusjid.— The following particular's of this fortress, mentioned in our ( Herald ) cable news as having been taken by the British troops, will be read with interest: — In the Khyber Pass, which is the most northern, and is called the key of Afghanistan, is a fortress called Alimu«j id, on the top'of a rock overhanging the road about 1000 foet high at an angle of 70 deg. The British occupied it during the military operations in Afghanistan, about 1842, but were compelled to evacuate it 011 account of its unhealthy air, and by the Khybcrees who compollod them to retreat with loss. Tlie Khyberecs are -a savage race, and well .armed. Tho Durani ?monarch paid these people 130,000 rupees annually. It has -been the scene of a number of bloody fights for years, and the Khyberecs garrison it. Tlie pass is liable to bo flooded by N the least rain, aud is converted into a torrent. Tho following is another account of the for tress:— Alimusjid, or Alimsjurid. is a; small fortress in tho most difficultpart of tlio Khyber Pass. The road is a narrow bed of a rivulet, enclosed by precipices lor GG0 to 1500 feet, at an angle of 80 deg. Tho fort is on' tho summit of a peaked rock. It is of small valuo as a military position from want of water, and being commanded by the adjacent heights. The British hold it in li:42, but evacuating it when pressed by tho Khyberecs whose artillery was stationed on the adjacent heights and com manded it. .Tho British loss was great' The air is very bad, and disease pre valent. The water is impregnated with anti mony, This part of the pass is tho key to Afghanistan, and is held by tho Khybreoes, who are a tfavago people. Its height is 3373 feet above sea leavel. It was forced by tho British after their first occupation of Kabool. A similar attempt was made after the cele brated retreat, hut failed with loss, and they wero almost exterminated; Poser for Irvingitcs. — When Hamlet says ' I'll follow thee' to tlio Ghost, does |ho not confess that tho latter is, for tho time, tho leading tragedian ? - 