TEE EDITOR. Tub editor who -wills to please Mmt humblv crawl upon his Imecs, And loss the bands that beat him ; »Or, if he dare attempt to walk, Must toe the mark that others chalk, And cring to all that meet him. S&j;'G one, your subjects fin} too gnaro^— Too much moralitv vou have — Too much about religion ; Give me some vriteh or wizard tales, With slip-shod ghosts, with fins and scales Or feathers like a pigeon. I lore to read, another cries, Those monstrous fosliionablo lies — In other words, those noTels, Composed of kings and queens and lords, Of border -wars and Gothic hordes, That used to lire in hovels. Xo, no ; cricB one, we'vo had enough Of such confounded lore-sick stuff !R- crazo the fair creation : Of RusaimiB, Turku—the Greeks and Saxes, Or any other nation. The man of drilled Bcholastjc lore Would like to see a little more In scraps of Greek or Latin ; The merchants rather have the price Of Southern indigo and rice, Of India silk or satin. Another cries, I wont more £us, A witty anecdote or pun, A rebus or a riddle ; , 8omc long for missionary news, And somo— of worldly, carnal views Would rather hear a fiddle. The critic, too, of classic skill, Must dip in gall his gander quill, And scrawl agaiust the paper ; Of all tho literary fools, Bred in our colleges and schools, He cute the silliest caper. Another cries, I want to seo ' ? Variety in all things ; A miscellaneous hodge-podge print Comnosod— I only give the hint— Of multifarious small things. I want some marriago news, says Miss, It constitutes my highest bliss, To hear of weddings plenty ; For in a time of general rain, None suffer from a drought, 'Us plain, At least not ouc in twenty. I want to hear of deatlis, says one, * Of people totally undone, ^3y Iubsob, fire, or furer ; Another answers, full bb wise, I'd rather have the fall and rise Of raccoon Bkins and beaver. Some Bignify a secret wish for now and then a savoury diBh Of politics lo suit them ; But here we rest at perfect ease, For Bhould they swear the moon was cheese, We never should dispute them. Or grove or humorous, wild or tame, Lofty or low, 'tis all (he same, Too naughty or too humble ; And eraiy editorial wight Has nought to do but what is right, And let tho grumbler grumble. —Public Opinion. 