OUR AMUSEMENTS. Theatre Royal. Mr. Geo. Darrell has been more than usually successful with his sensational drama, " Back from the Grave." The effect of the fire scene has caused quite a flutter of excitement among the theatre goers, and especially of the sensation hunters. " Transported for Life," another of Mr. Darrell's productions, is to be reproduced on Saturday evening. Victoria Theatre. One of Mr. Creswick's happiest efforts is his representation of " William Tell " — a thoroughly artistic and powerful impersonation. Mr. Creswick deserves more than a passing mention, which is all Mr. Punch can in this issue afford. Suffice it to say, that Mr. Cres wick's pourtrayal of the grand old hero, Tell, was very true to nature, the emotional parts, and the scenes with his wife and son, especially being given with extraordinary feeling. Miss A. Bo wring, as Tell's wife, was very cordially received by the audience, and imparted to the character that earnestness and individuality observable in all that that lady undertakes. Miss Daniels did not appear to advan tage in legitimate drama, which, after all, is not to be wondered at, after so much Soldene opera bouffe infection. Mr. Carey was an excellent, though terribly grave and lugubrious, Gessler. The play is well mounted. Mr. Holt's afterpiece, in which that very clever low comedian appears to great advantage, sends everybody home smiling and happy. Queen's Theatre. The closing day in Sydney of Kelly and Leon's very clever troupe is approaching, although their performances are still effecting a great "draw" at this little theatre. Several novelties have been intro duced, and are announced for next week's programme. Mr. Beau mont Read's very charming rendering of the "Maid of Athens" has proved one of the many attractions of the varied and excellent bill of fare presented by Messrs. Hiscocks and Hayman to their constituents. Guild Hall. Quite a novel performance is announced to be given at this Hall this (Friday) evening, for the first time in Sydney. Some little time back the illusion known as Pepper's Ghost was very successfully produced at the Polytechnic, in London ; and Mr. D'Arcy Read, together with Mr. F. Belton, are introducing a ghost as wonderful and surprising as the original, or any other ghost. Sydney Musical Union. The concert given by the Sydney Musical Union on Tuesday evening at the Masonic Hall was a great success ; the audience, however, was smaller than usual, owing to the oppressive state of the weather, and the unfortunate mistake of the S. M. Herald. The march from Athalie, very spiritedly rendered by the band, commenced the programme. Miss Bessie Harrison undertook too great a task in attempting the air from Der Freischutz ; her voice, which is of a very sweet quality, being more fitted for music of a lighter character. The gem of the performance, was, without doubt, the Oboe solo exquisitely given by Herr Schott. Haydn's Seasons, part i, was very well interpreted by principals, band, and chorus. Herr Kretschman officiated as conductor with his usual energy and precision. The Rev. Ci-iarles Clark. The Rev. Charles Clark, the most popular lecturer who has yet appeared in Sydney, returned last week from New Zealand. No Hall being yet available, Mr. Clark has left for Newcastle until a more convenient season presents itself for again appearing before a Sydney audience. Mr. Smythe is still with him as agent. School of Arts. The Marionettes have proved quite an attraction, and are, especially to juveniles, thoroughly acceptable. Afternoon performances have been given on Wednesdays and Saturdays for the special benefit of the youngsters. As the stay of the Marionettes is limited Mr. Punch recommends an early visit. Mr. Weigbtman, the agent, announces that the proprietors will give an entertainment next week, to which the inmates of charitable institutions are specially invited. 