itichardson's Ghost. WHO'D A-THOPGHT IT ! 'Twas in the middle of the night To sleep young Susman tried, When Richardson's ghost a-stealing came And stood by his bedside. Oh, Susy dear! oh, Susy dear ! Why my rest have you thus broken ? Alas! the police are on the alert, Since of " Fifty pounds" you've spoken. I thought the last of penury Would.end with this my haul, But when you mentioned " Fifty pounds," Say they " This game wont do at all 3" On the Windmill Hill I'm airing now, Wasting fragrance on the desert air, With " No one to love, none to caress," And even the police don't seem to care. True it is at times I've seen the forms Of Wilson, Ike, and Scott, But when in fun I take a run Looking back I find them not. ' Were it not wicked I could laugh— Ay I laugh, and that right well, When I read and hear the stupid yarns The police and papers tell. 3 thought to start a jeweller's shop Upcn this hill while up here, For the jewellery had lain so long about There really seemed nought to fear. But a most peculiar thing I note, Most strange it seems to me, That my cold lamb, not the jeweller}', Is the first thing policemen see. For fourteen days I've roamed about, In-church, in hotel, in the street, And never in all my travels A policeman can I meet. The games that I have played Me with repentance fill ! 1 ndeed it was on this accouut 1 camped on Windmill Hill. And there did I expose to view What the police so often passed, The jewellery, the watches too. Which Scott has found at last. 3've done whate'er a man could do This humbug, bosh to end, And in return when once I'm in To jail they will me send. But for the credit of our police, In common charity to me, Tell Mr Coulter to come, or send Some wide-awake chap to me ; I'd scorn to cave in after all. And the fifty pounds destroy. Say they neefin't fear harm of me, I'm as harmless as a toy. Tell Simmons, too, I much regret That elsewhere I did not play This game, and at an hotel other Than where Governors often stay. Tell Sam I'll not forget him, Tho'now I bavn't " a rap" ; May they speak Tdndly of me, Not say " I'm a d d mean chap" ! The hour is last approaching When needs I must away, Or returning bobbies from their beats May molest me on the way : Yet indeed I've not much to fear, Good- natured chaps are they, For unless something extra's on They go quietly oil their way. 1 wish them all "A Happy New Year," May their Jiv^s still happy be, And when they feel inclined for fun Somewhere at hand I'll be ; All through this piece I've been so, But no doubt in festive times Neither bur gallant police nor super. Gare to deal with men or crimes. Good by, dear Susy! Weep no more ! The police have done the feat Of restoring you your jewelleiy, Elsewhere anon we'll meet. In the future pray more careful be, Of heavy swells take care. -And of many more shrewd than Richardson, As a friend I sav—beware ! 