SIGNS OF THE TIMES, OR THE VICTORIAN FREE CHUROH OF S ENGLAND. -The second lecture by N. KnMsMw. But if any man attempt to speak his mind and reform the church, he must expect to be condemned. The Rev. Mr. Molynenx, a clergy man of the. Church of England, had publicly said--"That he had been forty. five years in the Church of England, and it would cost him a -great deal of pain to sever his connection, and it was not for wantof love he left it, but be cause he felt there was too much Popery in its services. Since he could see no chance of disestablishment, there was nothing left for him to do but secede. He was getting old, and he could not afford to pass out of the world bearing the burden of complicity in false doc trines. He was still in the church, but if he lived to the end of the year (1872) his connection with it would close." And now hear my friends the in tolerance and unkindness of a Dean, showing the spirit that I said one must expect if they endeavored, even from the best of motive, to reform the church. In speaking from the chair at the Annual-Meeting of the Carlisle Branch of the Church Association, the Dean, at the close of his remarks said, "Here is the secret of Mr; Molyneux's secession : The judgment of the Privy Council may have precipitated his con templated step, or at least may have afforded him a plausible excuse for it, but surely if he had previously felt we cannot tell 'for how'long, that .there was a sacerdotal element in the church, and too. much Popery in ..her -services, he ought long since to have ceased to -se them, he ought to have denounced them as he does at last. For'to con finue administering the church's: ser -vices, and acting as one.of her trusted servants, while he in his heart believed those services sacerdotal 'and -popish which he abhors and. denounces, was something worse thin 'an. enormoun blunder, but I will not- define it. 'What Mr. Molyneux's duty may be in thii -matter is known best between his God and himself. Bt as I have ever held wnritte,. and taught the very 'opposite, 'namely, that the sacerdotal principle, i' eliminated from- the Prayer Book, that. there is no popery in it," but ibuidant noble testimony against it; and since .the recent deliberate decision of Her -Majesty's Council has ratified and con firmed all my convictions, it is my duty not to secede but to cleave to my motler :,church inoe earnestly and affectionatelyr than ever, and to do all that in me lietr ."o. deter -all -whom - I can.. influenne,* "'*whether piastors or ,Iity2 ;, he groundless, rash, :ill-timed, and mis chievous step of abandoning the national church.- In: her. bosom. I have:been cherished;: to her I owe everycomfort and spiritual consolation that I possess, and instead of leaving lier in her diffi culties to the tender mercies of traitors' and infidels, she,'' who has oftimes helped ime, shall have what-help I can: give her. It is miny sti'pryer to you dear friends, and toall Christian friends, let what will hiappen, whatever.dis traction may come, never deset'; your. beloved church,.but receive the .testi mony of an old and experienced pastor that there is no other body of Christians in Great Britain who can maintain the Gospel in its trulh, and purity like the Church of England." This I ithink ýis a mixture-of in tolerance, bigotry and bosh. The Rev. Wm. Goode, Rector of St. Antholin, London, says,-" There are those I believe among us who if they could regain a millionsouls to the fold of our church, by ceasing to enforce some, indifferent ancient rite or cere- mony, would prefer retaining the latter to winning the former. What perfect infatuation. Almost the whole body of dissenters from the church-that body which now threatens the very existence of our church as a national establish ment-have originated in the com pulsory enforcement of certain indifferent rites and ceremonials. And: all conscientious difficulties and ob jections are silenced by the demand of obedience to the church. What in fact is the language .of many but in effect this God has given to us, and to us alone and indefeasibly, the power to dispense his word, sacraments, and ordinances to the laity. To us alone belongs the right to interpret that word. No man has any right to ex pert the gifts of the Holy Ghost but through our ministration. The fulfil ment of the promises of the gospel involves the mediation of our ministry." . Thus they hold themselves .forth practically as the vicegerents of God himself, and I may add some of the people love to have it so. * A lecture wasi delivered. by the Rev: J. Macmichael, in Collingwood, wherein he said,-" That the' policy of, Episco palians is ,suicidal to the last.. Were the Liturgy to be revised many awould leave the ranks of Nonconformity?af~ d join the church. It will be very much if .tli, Church of .England does not precipitate her own downfall. more as the result of divisions within her pale, than of any direct attack' from without. ' Moses stand firm,' use~d to be shouted by the boys of Seville, when a Hebrew heretic was led to the stake and.when.a friar would be. thrusting a crucifix into his face, for fear the poor Jew would recant, so that they woald lose the amusement.. These young rogues shouted 'Moses stand firm,' and so ought the enemies of the Church of England to be at this time exclaim ing, when 'Lord Ebury and a few others are trying to popularize the service by suggesting re-arrangement and abridgment. It is to be feared that the heads of the church will resist the improvements, and in this case it is the policy of the church's enemies to support them valiently. Stand firm bench of Bishops I Stand firm Con vocation ! Not a single omission, not one word of curtailment. Prayers an hour and twenty minutes long, till your children are completely wearied out, or prayed' to sleep." But not so in the Victorian Free Church of England. The warning given by Wesley and Whitfield, both clergymen in the Church of. England, shall it still be unavailing ? Sunday. the 6th June, 1742, he (J. Wesley) stood on his father's tombstone in the churchyard at Epworth, his native town.' Hear his.own statement on that occasion : "I went," said John Wesley, " a little before the service begun to, the Rev. Mr. Romly, the curate; and offered to assist him, but he refused. The church was full, it being expected that Mr. Wesley was to preach. After sermon Johfi Taylor stood in the churchyard and gave notice :-Mr. Wesley not being permitted to preach in the church, will preach in the church yard at six o'clock. Accordingly (says Wesley) Icame and found such a con gregation as I believe Epworth never saw before. I stood upon my father's tombstone, and cried-The Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." And in a letter dated 31st March, 1739,-"In the evening I reached Bristol, anl met Mr. Whitfield there. I could scarce reconcile myself at first to this strange way of preaching in the fields, of which he set me an ex ample. Having been all my life, till very lately, so tenacious of every point relating to decency and order, that I should have thought the saving of souls almost a sin if it had not been done in a church." And now the Wesleyans have a re vised and improved prayerbook of their own,.taken from the Church of England, but yet it has not all the improvements which we have made in ours. And of the Rev. George Whitfield I may say, that he would always have worshipped in the Church of England if the church had not unwisely shut him out. He had gone to Islington on a Sunday, in April, 1739, to preach for the vicar, Mr. Stonehouse: In the midst of the prayers the churcliwarden came to him, and demanded his, license for preaching in the London diocese, and being forbidden to preach. -in the church he werit iutside and- preached in the churchyard. These like other good men were seceders, but'secession is,~not. schism. There .may be .schis matics among those who still remain in.the:Church of England. - Thuit there are':divisions among them none- 'will denyr. *:Some -are High. Church -.and some "ire Low'Chuireb, and btliers Broad Church. Somne:: syimpathize with Bickersti~th, axd;are calleglEvam gelical. Others with Dr. Pusey and his friends arid are.e 'calld PN~ijiifes. and. like Jews af.d Samiaritanis.hve no dealing with each .other.Others: are kndwn as 'Ritualists;: and: others-hold 'with -'Fat-lie ' Igsatins ; while"others remain old-fashionied o'fibedok?"e 3?ch.. ie.'?-??'?lli'?e? iifig i':?thi·Lale o( ilie :E tbsliqk~d 'Chnrch of "England' and:Ireland- . Here :is.- schism, but not with ns-?-?Agiain;in: referehice'to ?-wo prti ~n.nthe 'chorelbDr.-:E nsey4n a letter..to.theArchbishopof Canterbury; state i?rthata contest had begun among, Thew, and would be continued until his party either; gaihid" Ithi victory or hvere`subidued fdr a deeisive issue it, must have." The question hasiieenasked-What are we_?.. I answer we are The Victo rian Free Church of England, or The Free(Churcli : if Englard! in! Victoriai' A Church of Clriist, as laid.downa in the New Testament-I Cor. 3 cli. 1Tv. -." For other foundation can no man lay than that is hlaid which, is, 'Jeus Christ.:.- Now if any man build: upon this foundation-gold,- silver, precious stones, wood, hay stubble, every main's work shall declare .its becausiie it 'shall be revealed by fire,-: and the fire shall try every man's work of -what. sort it is: If any man's work abide'which he:' hath built- thereon,. he 'shall receive a reward," and so will it be with, us.. We are-a church,, as set: forth, in. the 19th Article of the Church. of England andirielind.: '1 But riot according to the Canon Law of the Church, which is as follows : " Whosoever may, take: unto them the: name of another church not established by law, and dare presume to publish it, ,let them be excommunicated,'and not restored until they repent, and pub licly revoke such their wicked errors.": But we rejoice that though such is the Canon 'Law, 'none 'dare' to :makeý. usý afraid. And if the few errors, and I admit they are' butf few, considering that all this was done 300 years ago, and if now removed, which could easily be effected, then' 'with the Rev. C. P. Miles, M.A., might one truly say" " The Protestalit members of the Churelh of Eigla~dd 'hive inideed cause to appreciate the Liturgy. It' occa sionally serves to correct:the errors of the preacber. It brings foiward a large portion of Holy Scripture. In all p rts of the Prayer Book' the people a e reminded of each fundamental prin ciple of the Gospel, &ec.;" The, Church of England is 'passing through a period of severe trial. Her most dangerous enemies are. not the strangers by whom she is surrounded. Her chief difficulty in- the present struggle has arisen from the folly and unfaithfulness of her' own children. The same causes that induced the Reformers to anticipate pernicioiis conr sequences are still operating in a similar manner to the prejudice'of truth.' "Do we marvel," said Bishop An drews, " that the Spirit doth scarcely pant in us, that we sing and say ' Come Holy Ghost,' and yet He cometh no faster. Why the day of Pentecost is come, and we are not all of one accord. Accord is wanting." If the Reformation was worth establishing it 'is worth maintaining, and it can only be maintained by a con-: stant vigilance. in. support of those principles which effected it in the 10th century., As long as the Chu'rch of, England appreciates these priiciples of: the glorious Reformation, there will be hope of her deliverance from: every peril. The liberty and happiness of millions may be involved in the purity: and stability of the Chiirch of England. May she go forward and prosper; may revision, harmony, peace, and love be restored throughout the Church' of England, and may the Free Chprch of England with her sooi be one: 'Whilst every, spiritual blessing descends upon every member of the Church Universal by whatsoever name distinguished throughout the world, and let all who would arrogate to themselves authority and superiority, and would look down with contempt and disdain on others, remember the rebuke of Christ to his disciples-9 Mark 38:-"And John answered him saying, Master we saw one casting out devils in thy name, and he followeth not us, and we forbad him because he followeth not us, &c.; Jesus said, forbid him not, : . . for he that is not against us is on our part. :(To be Contiaued.) 