MELBOURNE. frp.oM OCR OW-N" CORP.rj-POSDF.NT.) Monday, -1st 0ccobc7. 1 A caacns meeting of the Legislative Council* I convened by Sir Charles Sladen, for the pur pose of consulting on the relations of the two Houses and the Reform Bills now before them, was held at a late hour this afternoon. There were about twenty members present, and the political situation was discussed at considerable length. Nothing very definite as to the result of the meeting has tianspired, but I un derstand that the general feeling was in favor o: a conference between the two Houses as soon ?.s the forms of Parliament would allow, although the prevailing opinion seemed to be that there was but little prospect of an agree ment. Sir Charles Sladen, Professor Hearn, and Mr. R. T. Anderson were appointed to re- ■, present the Cauueil at the proposed conference. Meeting.' of the Executive and Cabinet wc-re held to-day, at which a good deal of routine business was transacted. A supplement to the Goremmmt Gazette issued this evening announces that the Governor has this day assented, in her Maje«\'s name, to ail act to authorise th-_- conversion of Victorian Government stock into debentures. In the same publication the Government c-u -r are ward of .t'iOl) for such information as will lead to the apprehension of Kenneth M'Donald, who made UU escape fiom the gaol at Hamilton on. the 10th ins:aut. To-morrow (Tuesday! is proclaimed a bank holiday at Mooroopna. "and Thursdav next at Siiepparton. The Hospital Sunday and Saturday returns for this city and its suburbs, giving as tliev do aa aggregate total of about £3,500, are regarded with great satisfaction, especially after all we have lately heard about the extreme dulness of the times. It is fully anticipated that when all the returns come to hand, the grand total will at least equal that of last year. Truly, Victoria is not quite " done " yet. "Compunctious visitinga of nature" some times impel people to make an open breast of things about which nK-su of their fellow creatures would prefer to remain quiet, on the principle of letting sleeping dogs lie. But most of the cases of this kind on record—and the last criminal sessions of our Supreme Court furnished one of a very remarkable character— have been those in which the offences confessed have been of a nature more or less serious, and when the offender was never quite free from the haunting dread of being discovered and brought to the bar of justice. A curious "case"of conscience " recently occurred here, however, in which these grave conditions were altogether wanting, although the "compunctious visitings'' spoken of by Shakespeare appear to have been equally strong with those that have urged many a great criminal to become his own accuser. About a year ago a gentleman living in this city lost a valuable ring, as he supposed, in the street. He advertised for the missing article more than once, but receiving :io reply, gave it up for lost, and probably soon nearly forgot all about it. Thus ended what may be called the first chapter of the story, which, by the-way, had, up to a very short time ago, all the appearance of being also the last. There was a sequel to come, however, although long held in abeyance. \Yhen nearly twelve months had elaj.sed from tiie date of the loss, one of our leading citizens, vhose place of business is in Collins-street, on opening his office door ia tiie morning, picked up an envelope that had been dropped through the letter-slit in the night. Inside the envelope he found a ring, together with a note, in which the writer stated tha; he had found the trinket a year previously, and regretted to say that he had not sought out the owner, although he saw an advertisement of the loss at the time. The opener of the enclosure was, therefore, asked to be kind enough to refer to his files of the daily papers, and in the event of his finding the advertisement in rjuestion, to restore the ring to its rightful owner, and a'so to hand over the reward, if any were given, to the Melbourne Hospital. The advertisement was turned up, the advertiser was communi cated with, and the ring was restored to him, but I have not heard whether he bethought himself of the revrard originally promised on recovery of the article. If he did not think of it at the time, perhaps tiie unexpected piece of good fortune led him to double his intended contribution to the plate on Hospital Sunday. Who knows ? The jockey Pritchard, who received almost fatal injuries in a fall at the Kensington Park races on Saturday, still lives, and some slight hopes are entertained of his recovery. A prosecution under the new Poisons Act will take place at the Police Court to morrow, Mr. Long, a chemist, carrying on busi ness in Bpurke-street, having been summoned for selling arsenic to a girl named Margaret Creighton, .18 year3 old, in contravention of the act. The girl committed suicide with the noison. The suit of LongstafF and Iveogh, after a pro tracted existence, has reached what maybe a tinal stage. It was instituted several months ago to dissolve a partnership, and the bill having been demurred to the demurrer was allowed by the Equity Judge. From this decision the plaintiff appealed to the Full Court, with the result that the decision of the judge below was over ruled and the suit ordered to go on. Accord ingly arguments and evidence were heard, and this morning Judge Molesworth announced his decision, which was to dismiss the bill with costs. A circular addressed to .the Freemasons of this city informs them that " the illuminated address to Bro. Past Master Lowry (in recogni tion of his indefatigable exertions in making the Masonic Ball of 1S77 so great a success) will be handed to him at the Freemasons' Hall at half past four p.m. on Tuesday (to-morrow), the 22nd inst.," and. that "the Right Worshipful District Grand Master E.C., Bro. F. C. (Captain) Staudish, has kindly promised to make the pre sentation." George Naisbit, third engineer of the Garonne, and one of the men who were injured by an escape of steam in Sydney, died in the hospital on Saturday., An inquest was held on the Dody to-day, but the Garonne having left t!ie Bay several days ago no evidence was given :o show the precise manner in which the injuries were received. One of the hospital doctor:!, however, who had attended the unfortunate man, said that Naisbit told hiin that whilst re moving some obstruction from the bilge pipe a " rush of scalding water came over him." He further said the occurrence was accidental. The jury found that the deceased died from severe scalds, but that there was not sufficient evidence to show how they were received. A deputation from pastoral tenauts holding land in the Wimmera district and other parts of the colony infested by rabbits, was intro duced to the Minister of Lands this morning by Mr. Lyeli, M.L.A., the object of the inter viewers being to protest against that pare of the proposed Rabbit Bill which empowers the Shire Council to levy a special rate of 2d. per acre for the purposes of rabbit destruction. It was represented to the Minister that the tax would form a very, heavy item of expense 011 large stations, and that its operation would be unfair as the bulk of the impost would fall upon the squatters, while the agricultural selectors—for whose special benefit it was imposed—would have to pay comparatively little. Mr. Long more failed to see the matter in the light in which it was laid before him, and said lie could not at present promise to make any alteration in the proposal. He told the deputation, how ever, that in the event of the tax really prov ing unfair or oppressive after trial, steps might subsequently be taken to have it modiiied. After searing women and children, and cudgelling policemen, the Prahran ghost has shifted the scene of operations to Richmond. He opened proceedings last night in the usual way, that is, by frightening some women, and -will probably keep that suburb alive until he gets caught, or takes a new departure. The little contest which for some time has been proceeding between Mrs. Monjredieu and the police, terminated to-day in a victory for the lady. She wished to have the licence of the Waterloo Hotel. Ohancerv-!anfi. t n >1 ~rY.:-f her, but the police strenuously opposed the application, principally, it seems, oil account of a policeman having beeu very much shocked by something ho saw tike place iu the hotel whilst ou his beat. Mrs. Mongredien came to court to-day armed with the good opinions of many barristers and others about the hotel, and the bench, being unable to resist au appeal so well backed up, granted the transfer. The Colonial Bank is going on well, the bad times notwithstanding. At the half-yearly meeting to day au eight per cent, dividend was declared out of the £22,OGO 6s. lOd, which was set down as the net profits for the half-year. Mr. Panton appears to have come to the con clusion that leniency to larrikins is out of place, for he sentenced some who were brought; before him this morning for disorderly behaviour and resisting the police to six month-)' hard labor, and to find sureties to keep the peace for a similar period. It seems that the detectives do not yet feel fully satisfied that the female seen at Drysdale, and at first supposed to have been Mrs. Farrell, the woman so mysteriously missing from her home in Collingwood, really is not that person. In order to make the matter quite certain one way or the other, it has been decided to des patch the sister of the missing woinau to the place where the person taken for Mrs. Farrell is staying. The sale of the late Mr. Purves' pictures drew a large number of persous to Messrs. Uemmell and Tuokett's auction rooms this afternoon. Prices were gnorally low, but a few of the paint ings brought high figures, amongst them being " Michael Angelo at the death of his favorite servant," by (J. Soubre; which was purchased by Mr. J. L. Purves fur £200. One or two copies of Raphael's must celebrated works fetched from £50 to £70. A set of landscapes, painted in Glorer's bpst style, ranged from £45 to £47 10s. A small picture, said to be a veri table Reubeus, and which ccrUinly looked old enough tor oue, could oaly command £1:2. 'fhe total amount revised by the sale - was £1,103 less than a third of what the collection coat. ' 