DEATH OF THE POPE. So, as the Evening News had it a month ago- — " the Pope is dead at last." It turned out/ however, ' that v though that : paper commissioned a " correspondent in Home to telegraph the event as soon as it occurred," - the- statement was not trne. : So : anxious)., was that paper, after the example of a good many more, to be the first to announce the. news, that it was too soon by nearly a ; month. The ' event, however, h as transpired at last, and Pius IX. has, according : to the law of fallibles and infallibles, " gone the way of all flesh." It was an event long looked for, and now that it has occurred there is no room for j ubilation, nor, on the other 'hand, is there ;any: room for surprise or wonder ment. No doubt, many will regret that " the Church " has lost its - head ; many will feel as if the Church were afflicted with a new affliction ; many will say that another antichrist has " gone to his- own place ;" butj we -are content ) to- say, " vanity of vanity — all is vanity ;" blas phemous claims may be made and powers asserted ; and: daring impieties may be dressed in the language of Humility ; and the mouth may be full of cursing and bitterness towards all who inject those claims and assumptions ; but after all, and in spite: of all, death levels the impostor with the common herd, and sends his spirit to his judge. , We have no desire to follow him and accept the office of judge ; but if it be permitted to us to infer what will be the future of;.those who have lived' in - hypoc risy and falsehood here— who have de ceived their fellows with plan and .bold ness— and. who have ' made religion a means of - worldly- pomp - and' > aggrandise ment— cursingrthe excellent-' of the earth —and; sending to perdition, as heretics- those whom Christ has approved with every mark of His acceptance and favour — we think that we do not stretch feeling into uncharitableness when we say that " terrible must be the account of him who used to be spoken of as 'his Holiness;'" If ever men are given up to believe a lie, because they told the truth in righteousness, those men must be the Popes of Home ; for could anything be more monstrous, as a thing to be believed, than that those worldly, crafty, deceitful, false, and in many cases grossly immoral men, are the Vicars of Christ, and the successors of the Apostles '? It is possible, no doubt, tq believe that the moon is made of green cheese, and that the sun is a globe; of liquid fire ; but to -believe that Pius IX., the cunning plotter with Antonelli, ' the murderer of many of his best subjects, and the common curser of every Protestant, was the infallible impersonation of Jesus Christ, is a stretch of faith to which we hardly think anyone, could go -unless, by, training and interest, he is prepared to believe, according to order, whatever will profit him. The early days of Pius IX. ought to be passed over as of no account, for, in point of morals, if all things be true, they were; no better than they ought to have been.. The commencement of his reign as Pope; was either a fraud or a strange, demon- j stration of an infallible Pope. He appeared! to listen to the cry of the people fori reform," and the promise of reform was: solemnly given ; but quickly he abandoned! all his promises, and regarded " reform " as the danger of the Church ; and so throwing: himself into the arms of the oppressors; of the people, and calling into life and pro minence those traitorous Jesuits who had; been condemned and suppressed by a pre-; vious Pope, he resolved to act upon the principles which had been illustrated,' in Israel, to oppress with a full hand instead of vvjth a finger, and to whip with' scor pions instead of with cords ; so that from : that-time the Romans and- Italians broke: with him, and have never since been reconciled to him. They rose in rebellion and drove him out, and set up a Republic whose history for courage and glory re mains yet to be written ; ' but France, in defiance of that verylliberty which she has so often claimed, for. herself, came . to the reBue of the ; Pope,, led him back in triumph,: upheld his. power on the point of her bayonets, and- kept " his subjects " from driving him out again by keeping, pointed to their throats the mouths of her cannons ! His new gotten power he exercised . in destroying some of the best, of the people who had cried for . liberty and Constitutional Government; and; then, using .the same power, he ruled by all the old oppressions, as if the age of the iniquity had turned oppression into virtue and goodness. The exigency of France, in the Franco-Prussian war, was the Opportunity of the Roman people to demonstrate to the worldthat Pius IX. was the rejected Of his so-called people ; 'for no sooner were the bayonets of France with drawn for the defence of Paris than the soldiers of Victor Emmanuel were wel comed in, and the temporal power of the Pope fell in " one hour." If the Pope was released; from the cares of State, he discovered- his talents in the way of increasing his; tyranny over the souls of his people. He has left a name for himself in his declaring the Virgin Mary " immaculate," to whom the : Scrip tures refer as not immaculate. He did, amid candle light, and under darkness and storm; declare himself to be infal lible, in spite of the fact that he and his predecessors have erred on - the plainest points of fact and doctrine. And, still more, he has left as a legacy to his successor this monstrous position, that the Church cannot ; be reconciled to modern civiliza tion, cannot give up its claim to temporal supremacy over, the world, and cannot reform itself of the errors and corruptions which have long been exploded by the better knowledge of the period. The question of interest now is, "Who is to be the successor. The conclave has assembled ; arid the intrigue and scheming and contest of parties among the cardinals have already begun. - They ' are- to vote, and dodge, and -outwit each' other, until- by some management : one of their number is W be chosen ; ' and-' then, behold, the choice is to be regarded as the choice of the Holy Ghost, and the stream of infal lible grace is then to begin to flow through that chosen one, and he is to he adored and set up as God's Vicar, whatever his , character, and whatever views, and what ever his feelings and intentions ! No doubt the chosen one will be an Italian. Pius IX. and his predecessors have always arranged by the manufacture of cardinals and the dispensation of red hats,' to make it sure that the Holy Ghoist shall chose an Italian ; for those believers in the help of the Virgin, and the protec tion of St. Joseph, and the guidance of all the Saints, cannot afford to leave the choice free; they doubt lest the Holy Spirit and Christ and Mary should not elect the man and the Pope whom they desire to be placed in the seat of St. Peter ! ' Of one thing, we are pretty sure, that the King of Italy will know how to put the new Pope in his proper place; as a subject of the Italian kingdom , We cannot imagine that the new Pope will be pressed to accept the privileges and ' immunities which Pius IX. so often and so haughtily scorned, because his temporal power was taken away. Pius IX. was, as he said, a prisoner in the Vatican ; will the new Pope be a prisoner too 1 : Will the new- Pope tell the new king, " You must clear out." Will the new king tell the new Pope that the Vatican is no longer to be permitted to be the seat and fountain of sedition and treason ? Or, will the two new dignitaries agree to differ— become reconciled — -and divide the authorities as they ought to be 1 We shall see. Mean while, we shall wait to have full informa- tion by the next mail, when the hnal ceremonies will be told us, and the Italian Parliament will' have had tiine to question the elected of the cardinals. The telegrams from England respecting 'the movements of Russia in the war, are rather of a more alarming nature than any hitherto. The latest informs us . that a difficulty has arisen in consequence of England ordering her ships to enter the . Dardanelles in prospect of the ' Russian army: advancing to Constantinople. Russia appears to object to English vessels enter ing the Dardanelles, and intimates that if this be persisted in, her brinies will enter Constantinople. By a telegram which comes by way of Melbourne, it appears that the Government there regard these cross actions/of England, and Russia ,as equivalent to a: declaration of war between the countries,, and' have ordered . prepara tions accordingly. Our Government here ought to be in possession of as explicit in formation ; and prompt preparations made. We are in hope, however, that the difficulty will be arranged, although the fact that Turkey declined to give the Biitish fleet permission to lie off Constan tinople looked very much like giving England a slap in the face ; and this could scarcely be done unless there were, some understanding between Russia and Turkey which' is not yet ready for being made public. We expect treachery from Turkey, and we are prepared to look for duplicity and overreaching from Mr. Piddington's berievolent Czar. But we have no reason to doubt that England will' be: discori- certed by the possible conspiracy of these two nations. The Government at present in power in England, although hitherto dilatory and anxious for peace; will be able to decide ' should foul play be. dis covered. : It will lie well for us to put our " trust in God and keep our powder dry." Mu. Greenwood brought on his motion respecting the schools; and in a speech of great moderation and good temper, he went over the programme of the League and showed that notwithstanding all that had been done by the Council of Educa tion, under the present arrangement, thousands of children are neglected, and must be neglected, until by some com pulsory clause, they be forced into the schools. Mr. Leary, as the Minister of Justice and Education followed, and accused the hon. member of choosing for the introduction of his motion a very in opportune, time, and, indeed, charged him with doing what had the appearance of seeking to embarass the present Govern- ment. He then said that Mr. Greenwood had not proved his case, and claimed that the present Act was capable of meeting all the wants of the country. He there- fore objected to compulsion, objected to free education, should give Public Schools to those who preferred, and other schools to those who objected, then asserted that the secular education which the League demanded was not the secular education of the Public School, and then he con- cluded by saying that the "Presbyterians and Roman Catholics objected to send their children to Public Schools from motives of conscience." Captain Onslow, whose utterances on all such questions, are those which would pass muster if re- ported as coming from Tarban Creek, dis tinguished himself by saying that he "believed in himself, believed that the Roman Catholic religion is much nearer the truth than many Protestants, and that the Public School League was got up by people who had a very strong dislike to Roman Catholics." Mr. Parkes would not consent to any change in the present law until he had got full information through a select committee, and he moved, as an amendment, that the ques- tion be referred to a select committee. Mr. M'Elhone generally supported the motion. Mr. S. C. Brown, in a straight forward and manly speech avowed his acceptance of the motion, and disposed of the objec- tions in a very conclusive reply. Mr. Stuart of course supported denomination- alism, and said that the State was bound to educate the moral perceptions of the chil- dren through religion, but he forgot to explain how denominationalism could be religion when one denomination- alism pronounced that damnable heresy which another denominationalism held to be saving truth, and when if the one was truth the other was falsehood. Mr. Cameron supported and Mr. Cope- land opposed the motion. The discussion was adjourned until Friday (this day week. — Mr. Greenwood will do well to) accept the amendment, although in some sort of way Mr. Parkes will have thus succeeded in taking the matter out of the hon. gentleman's hands. It is clear that the members need information. Mr. Parkes himself is strangely deficient in 1878 of that which he had in abundance in 1866. But Mr. Parkes has come so devoutly to believe that his Act is perfect, that he now asks for information to con vince him that that Act does, or ever will do, want amendment. Mr. Leary has strangely retrograded; but he is now loaded with the cares of office and with the cares of St. Mary's. Imagine a Min- ister of Justice and a public man for many years past making such a blunder and misstatement as this, that the "Presby- terians and Roman Catholics" decline from conscientious motives to send their children to the Public School. Mr. Leary no doubt may be trusted with reporting truly of the Catholics, that is, if he means the priesthood; for it is not true of the Catholics. In the Public Schools through- out the colony, as the Educational Report shows, there are as many Catholics attend- ing as there are in all the Roman Catholic denominational schools in the colony. Even in Sydney, and in spite of priestly authority and denunciation, there are thousands of Roman Catholic children attending the Public Schools; and, if the people were kept to their own choice, and not hunted and thwarted by their ghostly superiors, a great many more parents would distinctly prefer to send their chil- dren to the Public Schools. But as for the Presbyterians, the statement of Mr. Leary is totally untrue. He ought to know that the General Assembly of the Presbyterians distinctly and by an over- whelming vote declared in favour of the Public Schools. He ought to know also that many of the Presbyterian denomina- tional schools have been closed to admit of their being turned into Public Schools. And he ought to know this, that all the Presbyterian denominational schools which still remain open are conducted strictly as Public Schools and not at all as denomi- national schools. So far Mr. Leary has proved, discreditably to himself, that he needs information. But again, his next ignorant and extraordinary statement proves how much he wants information. He says that in the sense of the League, "secular education " means something very different from what that means in the sense of the Public Schools' Act. Now it is a remarkable fact, which Mr. Leary ought to have known from the thousandth time repetition which it has had in the meetings of the League, that the League adopted the term "secular education" rather than the term "non-sectarian," just because the Public Schools' Act provided it, and declared that it accepted it in that very sense which the Act explains. It has been the League's reply to all defamers who alleged that "secular" indicated irre- ligious, or infidel, or anti-bible tendencies, that it means no such thing, but exactly what the Public Schools' Act means in the use of it — non- sectarian, non-dog- matic, non-denominational, non-catecheti- cal, but including the common principles of religion as in the Public School books. Mr. Leary, therefore, as the Minister of Justice, has been guilty of a very gross act of injustice, to serve a purpose, of re- peating a slander which has been repudi- ated and refuted a thousand times, and which is still indulged in by only a few miserable creatures who imagine that all religion and wisdom will die with them, unless their silly notions and chocbets be adopted by the country. — The opinions or "information" of Captain Onslow is beneath contempt. Whether it is igno- rance or conceit which makes this gentle- man the kind of merry-andrew of the Assembly, we do not know; but he usually succeeds in makiqg a fool of him- self, and demonstrating to the House that he ought to be sent to sea again, to be a target for the Russians to shoot at. He said that the League had been "got up" by people that have strong dislikes to Roman Catholics. Suppose this were true, does it prove anything against the principles of the League? But it is not true, and no educated gentleman could utter such a falsehood, unless for the pur pose of raising prejudices which ought not to be involved in this discussion. The priests of course will say so, because they know their natural enemies. The satel- lites of the Church (such as Mr. O'Connor) will say so, but they are mere echoes and tools in the service of the priests; but that any intelligent and candid man will say so, after reading the principles of the League, is incredible; for the League has provided that Roman Catholics shall have exactly all that the Protestants shall have — not any preference being made in favour of either. Is this a proof of dislike? More than that; the plan of the League, while of course disobliging the priesthood by putting it out of their power to teach their Popery at the country's expense, confers upon Roman Catholics the liberty which their priests are always very anxious to have in their power, that is, to educate the children as they please; but Roman Catholics ought not be handed over by act of Parliament to the will of the priests; they ought to have the power to secure for their children the best educa tion, and, in whatever school they may prefer; and they ought to have the power to send the children to a school where the priest shall have no right to dictate, if so they should desire it. The plan of the League is a plan which shows kindness to the Roman Catholics, and not dislike; and it gives to Protestant and Catholic equally that religious liberty which is so much prated about by such mountebanks as Captain Onslow. His capacity for dealing with such a matter is illustrated by his ex-Cathedra assertion that "the Roman Catholic religion is nearer the truth than some Protestants" — "except- ing the Roman Catholic views on the Sacrament!" But the poor man does not know that the Roman Catholic views on the Sacraments vitiate and falsify their whole system. The Roman Catholic views on the Sacrament were the tests at the time of the Reformation, and many were sent to the flames for repudiating them, as Captain Onslow pretends to do. Yet this wiseacre tells us that the "Roman Catholic religion is nearer the truth than many Protestants!" The late exposure of lodging house evils was much needed. It but revived the feeling of disgust which was common some time ago when the same facts were brought to light.. - The public, or the public leaders/ went to. sleep over the former revelations ; we shall see if any thing practical, in the way of improvement will be effected , now. How are the evils to be remedied 1 . We don't think that the bill of Mr. Cameron will do all. No doubt, there will bo some benefit if he can accomplish what his bill proposes ; but is it possible to make clean, wholesome, and suitable lodging houses out the rookeries which are usually hired for such estab lishments i Let any one go to Sussex, Kent, and Clarence- streets, and "the rocks," and look at the buildings which are ten anted by lodging house keepers, and we think that, more than one-half of them would be condemned as unfit for human habitation, and as hardly safe accident from falling into ruins. All the laws which will ever be passed will never make suitable lodging houses out of such premises ; and then, suppose you condemn the premises and refuse to license estab lishments in them, where- are the lodging house keepers to find better premises, and premises such alone as should be licensed ? They are not to be found. The west side of the city, for the most part requires to be rebuilt, whole streets are lined with houses in which disease would fester and spread at a fearful rate were any plague or epidemic to break out amongst us. It is owing, not to the care of landlords, not to the care of the municipal authorities, and not to the cleanliness of the people, but to our glorious climate and generally healthy position, that such ravages of disease have not been frequent. It is scandalous that in this new country, and in a city not a hundred years old, there should be so many rookeries which are not fit for even swine to inhabit. Yet so it is ; and it is in the west where the poor and the working men, who are likely to frequent the cheap lodging houses referred to, crowd, not only because of being near to the shipping, but because of the. small rents and cheap victualling. If it were not for the danger and loss, it would be a great blessing if large portions of the buildings in the west were burned to the ground. The fire would consume the rubbish and purify the ground. As things are the good intentions of Mr. Cameron will be only par tially successful ; but even the limited amount of good which his bill will do will be acceptable to the public. It is of the utmost consequence for the health, the morals, and the safety of the city that cheap lodging houses should be put under strict oversight. Neither cleanliness nor godliness will be possible in places where filth is heaped tip at the door like a mound — where smells are sickening — and where the common decencies of life in house and yard are disregarded. The bill which Mr. Driver has intro duced for the purpose of regulating build ings in the city of Sydney, was much called for. The object is essential; and now, as the bill will be brought under the notice of landlords, tenants, and builders, in its passage through the House, surely it will come out from the ordeal in a shape which will confer a lasting benefit on the city. Landlords have been so greedy, builders have been so reckless, architects have been in the early times so left to the freedom of their own wills, that not many contiguous buildings are satisfactorily built, and the wrongs of neighbours have been without redress. An instance or two may be given. A house is built adjoining another, but by the inferior construction of one the other is damaged by damp from rain. There is no remedy, nor is there any method pre scribed by which the injured property holder can compel his neighbours to put and keep his house in repair. Again, a neighbour is careless about his sewerage, for the running off of surface water, and it soaks into his foundation, and spreads to the foundation of his neighbours house, making cellarage useless, or damaging dividing walls and making rooms un healthy and damp. There is no remedy. Not even if the injured property holder offers to avert the evil at his own expense, is there any law, to compel his neighbour to permit the work to be done. Again. The yards of a neighbour's property are, so unformed and unkept that when heavy rains come the debris lying about and stones are washed into the guttering, and the pipes are choked. Consequently his yards are flooded; and the water spreads to adjoining yards rushes into rooms and passages to find an outlet. . There is no remedy. Your neighbour .may be saucy, insolent, and pugnacious: If you . find fault, and appeal to him to see your dam aged yards, rooms, oilcloths, and carpets, and ask him to arrange that your property may not be ruined by his carelessness or greed, lie will heap up on you.; hot very pleasant complaints, or perhaps send you in words, to a still less comfortable place than a flooded yard. Again, if by badly constructed pa ty walls : your house is filled with, smoke from your neighbour's chimney,; or, if from your! neighbour's foul chimney yours is set on fire when, he takes it into his head to clean his by set ting it ablaze, there is no remedy. Of course, in all these cases, you may go to " your solicitor ;" you may pay him six shillings -and eightpence for writing a letter '! threatening an action;" but your neighbour knows the law as well as you do, and he simp iy laughs at your missive. Or, you think you have got good ground for action, and you commence proceedings by. paying your solicitor three guineas to initiate an action ; but the magistrates or the judge will tell you that your com plaint is .well founded, and your suffering a, great hardship, but that in the present state of the law- nothing can be dene ; and so you are sent from court with good words and kind wishes, which will neither repair the damage done to your property, nor make your neighbour a whit more neighbourly. Mr. Driver has perhaps, some experience of all these things, because of grumbling clients visiting him in a rage, and offering to "go to law" to soothe their irritated feelings. We hope that he will give expression to all his experience in his bill, and not only pro vide for buildings which may he put up hereafter, but give power to property holders who have wrongs to be righted to seek remedy, either by arbitration, or by law court process. No doubt he will be beset by persons interested in maintaining the status quo. Hundreds of landlords will discover in a moment that their " vested interests" are likely to be interfered with, if any attempt be made to pass a proper " Building Act," which will cure the evils which now exist. If the House, however, be true to itself, it will aid the honourable member in making his Act as perfect as possible, without regard to the illegitimate vested interests of anybody. A curious piece of correspondence occurs in Freeman last week between a priest and the editor. It appears that some layman wrote to the editor asking if it was right that, in the event of a Roman Catholic dying, a layman should read the burial service over the grave, when a priest could not be found. The editor said, "Yes;" whereupon a priest has hurried into the columns of the Freeman to denounce the practice, and to show that such a " Protestant " custom ought not to be allowed, otherwise " the ministry of the priesthood will be brought into con tempt," and frightful " disorder and mis chief will result to the congregations." The " priest " then goeB on to demonstrate the " absurdity, not to say impiety, of a lay person attempting to perform the burial service, because if he stayed praying till doomsday over a grave he he would never succeed in imparting to that grave the blessing prescribed by the Roman ritual to be given by apriest." The reason is, says . he, that there is no " necessity " for a layman performing the burial service. It is different, he adds, from " baptism," which a nurse or a washer woman, or a heretical doctor, or a drunken husband may administer, if the child is about to die, and does die before the priest can arrive. But in the case of giving that child, or an adult, a " Christ ian burial," no lay person can dare do this without "absurdity and impiety," as the blessing to the grave can not be given without a priest. This is very curious ; and it shows how God and the priest have made a bargain, and how nicely the bles sings of heaven are arranged by the law of Roman "necessity !" But this is not all. The priest says that such lay reading of the burial service is "very questionable devo tion.'.' For, says he, if this thing goes on, Catholics and Protestants will set as high a value on this kind of service as on the proper one performed by a priest ; and, therefore, by-and bye things would come to this pass that the priest would be dis pensed with altogether 1 Still worse, said he, -if lay persons read the service, it will become the right of the lay person to "judge whether the dead deserved Christian burial or not ;" and, in that case, the " not over scrupulous consciences of the people would be satisfied with this , so as to pass them off respectably enough before the world, to enable them to despise the priest and the church altogether ! All this is very curious, and lets the argus eyes of the Protestant' Standard into the hidden workings of that priestly business of masses for the dead, burial ceremonies, and grave sprinkings with holy water as the accompaniment of latin prayers. The priest, you see, is jealous for the monopoly of the priesthood. The people must not be allowed to think- that they can get off to purgatory . without the priest. As the priest says he speaks " from experience," his - experience does not say much for the character of his people, nor much for the efficacy of his priestly functions — holy water, holy wafers, holy oil, confessions and all. But, see, the priest "would not permit the people to send off their dead friends res pectably before the- world unless they have a priest to bury them. He knows that the people are after " respectability before the world;" he knows, that burial cere monies/priestly shanis, and -funeral pomps are all for the purpose of. getting this respectability before the world ;. -there fore the priest resolves that they shall pay the penalty of not getting this respect ability before the world, unless the pay for the privilege of having a priest! Besides, the priest is most jealous of his right to judge whether the "dead Catholic deserves Christian burial and a blessed grave." This priestly function will be gone if laymen are allowed to read the service ; and if this be gone, will not fees be gone! Will not priestly power be gone 1 Will not the terrors of the church be gone 1 Will not the fearful threat of having an unblessed grave be gone ? Will not the dreadful superstition of the burial of a dog be gone 1 And then, won't the church be despised if Bhe 1 ever, from her altars, threaten to send the souls of the people to hell instead of to purgatory, or to leave them in purgatory for a million of years instead of for a fortnight 1 The church might indeed, if all this priestly power be taken away from her, shut up shop; for not even the most ignorant, in that case, would buy her wares. — How like is the zeal and terror of the priest to the indignation of the priests at Ephesus against the Protestant Apostles ! The priest of St. Mary's is exactly the antitype of the priests of Diana, and he exclaims, not so honestly, but equally loudly—" By this craft we get our living."— The " remedy " which the priest in Freeman proposes for the mischief and impiety and Protestant abomination of a lay person reading the burial service, is this — "let all who are to be buried during the priest's absence be buried indeed reverently, but without any religious ceremonies at the grave; and when the priest returns, if he finds them to have been entitled to Christian burial, let him visit and bless their graves, doing that which he, and he alone, can do for them by virtue of the powers which he received at his holy ordination." The remedy, no doubt, is effectual in this, that it secures to the priest all that he wants, viz., the submission of the people, the acknowledgment of the church's power, and the fees ; but whether it secures any thing to the dead is not very clear. For, suppose that it is a terrible thing to be buried in an unblessed grave ; suppose that it is a most awful thing to be covered up in unsanctified earth ; suppose that it is the- most horrid thing which a living man can contemplate to be buried without latin prayers, and holy water, and priestly absolution, — then, will not the dead man, who is buried without a priest, suffer all these miseries as long as he lies waiting for the " return of the priest 1" There are cases in which Catholics must lie in such miserable and unblessed graves for a fort night, for a month ; but if it were only for two days, would not the " remedy " of the priest inflict upon the poor dead corpse a frightful amount of suffering and wrong 1 Ah ! what cares the priest for that? He must wait. The priest may be away on pleasure — he may be on the spree — in a drunken fit he may have fallen and hurt his leg or his nose, and he cannot be seen in public for some days; yet the poor dead must lie in an unblessed grave, until the priest arrive to do that which he only can do by virtue of the powers which he received at his - holy ordination ! Oh, Popery ! thy crimes are manifold ; and ignorance, dependence, and superstition on the part of the people are thy only support ! Dp.. Vaughan in Gaol.— On Saturday 26th January last, Dr. Vaughan and . two of liis priests went to the gaol at Darlinghurst, Sydney, for the purpose of "administering the sacrament of confirmation to some of the pri soners confined there." It appears that the; chapel had been " done up " and decorated for the affair by the Sisters of Charity and the gaol matron. "His Grace" is said to have preached two most "eloquent sermons;" and forty prisoners male and female, are said to \- have been confirmed and made good. Christians. This was surely a stretch of the. law of "reli gious liberty " on the part of the gaol authori ties. It is quite right that Popish prisoners should have the privilege of receiving "instruc tion" from their priests, if that instruction indeed is likely to help in the reformation of the criminals ; and, probably, it would be right enough in the case of prisoners dying, that they should be allowed to have what they consider is necessary to take them safely to purgatory ; but jve think it rather too much that the gaol should be turned for the time being into a Popish chapel, that " His Grace," with all the pomp of flowers and candles and holy water and holy oil, and the greater pomp' of attendant priests, might be able to " confirm " criminals in the midst of their sentences. Some of those forty criminals, male and female, are the grandest rascals in the community of the prisoners ; yet, forsooth, Dr. Vaughan must confirm them. Confirm them in what? in roguery ? in drunkenness ? in crime ? or, in Christian goodness ? If the former, which we greatly suspect, notwithstanding the wonder ful power of holy chrism, religion was turned into mockery and show, and the gaol authori ties were made contributory ; but if the latter, then if the gaol authorities believe in the efficacy of -His Grace's confirmation, they ought imme diately to cancel the sentences of tho prisoners, ami restore them to the liberty of "good Christians." : Why should they be longer kept in prison ? Why should they be confounded with the ungodly, and criminal rabble? -Dr. ' Vaughan has not' onlv absolved them, forgiven their sin, washed away their guilt, made them as -pure and holy; as when- they received the "grace of baptism," but he has confirmed them in the faith, made them good Christians) and armed them for the good fight of Catholic holiness ! Well, then ; is it not a shame to keep such good people in the cells of Darling hurst ? Would they not be good members of Bociety if they were now let out — both saving considerable cost to the State, and adding to the beauty and fruitfulness of St. Mary's flock? Popish Fun. — It is remarkable what plea santry and facetiousuess obtain in St. Mary's seminary, after "vespers," on Sunday evenings. When the " duties of the day " are over, and all the old scores of sins and penances are settled, and a clean sheet is not more clean than are the consciences of the prieBts and people, wit sparkles and fun abounds, so that the laughter and cheers of the happy family may be heard half a mile away. Last Sunday evening the laughter was ecstatio. No passer by could guess the reason. As laughter is "catching," actually the passers by began to laugh, and they hastened to tho seminary to find out the cause. What do you think was the cause ? Why, it was this (for there was time to ask, because the roaring and shaking and merriment continued for some minutes) — Dr. Vaughan was on his feet making " an eloquent speech" and this was the attic wit which he uttered, which provoked the laughter and cheers which loudly reverberated — " He told them that he wished everybody to forget their work of giving and collecting of the past year, so that like new brooms they might sweep clean I" The figure was classic and funny. Tho collectors imme diately realized their dignified character as " brooms " — broom sticks — and broom heads and all ; and the meek and hilarious people as quickly imagined themselves as a lot of dirty bricks that needed sweeping ! No wonder that the people and priests laughed, ior tne iaea was rich, and it had a sort of truth and application about it ; but if they had had sense, they would have made a discovery which would have told the orator that rhetoric is sometimes dangerous. But laughter was the order of the night ; and the fun was considered so racy that two " very - rev." gentlemen who followed in speeches even enlarged upon " the figure said one of them— " He thought an old broom the best, because, unlike a new one, it could go into every corner anil get the dirt out!" Ah, right, Monsignor Lynch! Right! An old broom, that is, an old collector, a practised one, could go into every corner, that is; could search out all the servant maids in Protectant families, and the poor corporation men, in the poorest and most out of the way " corner and "could get the dirt out," that is, could bully and squeeze and haggle with the said maids and scavengers, and drag out the yellow dirt, golden dirt, or white dirt, silver. dirt ; for it is the dirt that all the priests are after ! For the doing of all this dirty work, a new broom, that is, a raw, inex perienced and modest collector, would be very useless ; but let such an old broom as Mullens, Hollingdale, Curran, or Dr. M'Donagh, go to the work of sweeping out the dirt, and it is surprising what a quantity will be gathered, to the infinite delight of Dr. Vaughan at the next monthly meeting ! Were it not for " brooms," broom heads and broom sticks, how should ever St. Mary? be built. Christ Church, George-street. — Efforts are still being made by the Evangelical portion of the parish to secure, as a minister, an evangelical preacher, Mr. H. Langley. But the ritualistic followers of the late Mr. Vidal are not less zealous to secure a ritualistic teacher, who shall duly turn to the east, and duly do all the other pretty and artistic things which are necessary to the saving grace of the Gospel coming to the people ! The Dean is in great distress. He feels himself between two fires, and he has not the courage to act decisively. He is afraid to offend the Shepherd Smith and Gordon faction ; and then he is equally afraid to offend the Evangelical party. He would not for the world dictate to the nominators ; nor would he for all the world do anything if both parties would simply leave him alone. The laymen of the Church of England may now see that they need never look to their “heads” and teachers for boldly defending the Protest antism of their Church. If that is to be pre served and defended, it is to be done by them selves, for their deans and bishops are more anxious about themselves than they are about the rights of the people. It is the deans and the bishops who are to blame for the distracted and almost divided state of the Church on the question of Ritualism. Carcoar. — We learn that the dalliance with convents and other Popish affairs to which Carcoar gave its patronage, is bearing its natural fruit. The priest Ryan and his helpers, the nuns, have made two very remarkable con verts. : The nuns inhabit, as a vantage ground, the convent in whose aid so-called Protestants contributed at a bazaar. One of these converts is a Presbyterian mother nearly 70 years of age,, the lever of tho priest being a mixed marriage, and his stimulus, the presence of some property in the family, which the old lady, controls. The second case is that of an invalid through age and infirmity, wlio, it seems, was to be im proved in health by being stripped naked, and' rubbed with holy spittle or other holy nastiness. From what we hear, the place is in a very bad state indeed. The priest and nuns working the convent schools for undermining whatever faith is left in girls whose parents are so silly as to send them. In business, those same Protest ants (?) playing into the hands of Romanists for their custom, and these again laughing in their sleeve at their gullibility. The Church of England invaded by new attitudes by the example of some new female models; This stage attitude is thus described by an eye witness— "Tlieposition is evidently a studied one, or it could not have been executed so per fectly. The body is drawn .up straight to its full height, and then a reverential bow is made and kept up to the end of the gloria. ! ' The Education Debate.— Mr. Greenwood's resolutions were introduced on Tuesday evening. Captain Onslow, as usual,' . floundered about in hopeless confusion, self-contradictions, and irrelevance. Sir Henry Parkes tried to look both ways, but betrayed his preference for a liberal reform as- the outcome of a committee. Even -with the Papal delegates " compulsion " has carried conviction, and however the House decides now, the victory is virtually won. ' It is rather amusing ,to the gentlemen of "the League " to find the speech of Mr. Greenwood described by their slanderers in the House as so very moderate, temperate and logical, so different from his declamation and violence on the platform. The fact is, that Mr. Greenwood was, on the platform, always judicious, argu mentative and temperate, just as he was in the House. But the violence of denominational prejudice and party spirit would not allow these men to hear him, just as he spoke air the League meetings, and their testimony to his argument, which is evidently too much for. them, is a testimony to the same spoken for the League. The House is clearly convinced of what is right, it remains to be seen whether they will have the courage and public spirit to act as they think. The Church of England Messenger. — Wo refer our rentiers to our : advertising columns for a notice of the above projected new ; denomina-, tional paper, rendered necessary by the betrayal of the Protestant Church of England to a small clique ot incipient ritualists., we trust tne. proprietors will soon receive the 1000 names to entitle them to begin. . Names to be sent to the office of the Sydney Morning Herald, addressed " Church of England Messenger." A Tiff about a Convent Debt. — A little paper war lias been enlivening Townsvillo. The usual convent bazaar was duly helped by the Protestants according to the perfidious fashion now prevalent. But some were' dissatisfied because the bazaar was for the inclosure &c.;, of the convent, which they considered a worthy object, and some of the funds were applied to the liquidation of a debt, which they did not. So the priest was attacked in the paper, and of course replied. Away then be it. If Protest ants will aid Romish nunneries, we care little whether their sinful compromise with idolatry goes to the fence or to the bank. "Let them alone they are joined to idols." Erratum. — In the leading article on " the Yass convent," in last week's issue, page 4, third column, near the- bottom, for, ." not one word of the text was taught by the Saviour," read " taught by the preacher," meaning that the priest; Pere Menant, took a text, and , not one -word of his sermon < was supported by his text. : Thirty Miles from Jpswioh.— S. W." re quests us to insert a receipt for the effectual curing of kangaroo scalps. He salts the fleshy part of the ears, but to no, purpose, the ants, &c.;, destroy them. Perhaps one of our readers will enlighten us on this point. 