THE BOATMAN'S STORY. 'FRIGHTENED attb&t;?'Nô,';sïr, nor likely to oe either. "I never waa really frightened but once in my life)'y. . , "Only frightened onco in your lift ?' Conic ¡then) Captain, tell us ell about it ; it must iWe been « rare fright to last you all your 'ÎWas it a ¿boat.;" added tho brother, of thc lastsneaker. "No, Master Alfred, St WAS no ghost; I don't believe in gbostesses myself '?'Well, tell us all about it," repeated William Sinclair. "But I thought you young gentlemen wanted me, to take yon ont fishing, replied the old boatman, commonly called Captain Abbott. " So we did ; but the sun is so hot now, and you said we should not catch much as thc wind was east, so we would much rather hear what frightened you, and go ont fishing i another time," , J "Yes ;,in the evening,'" chuned ju Alfred ! Sinclair. : " When the sun has gone down ; and the wind may have changed from tljo | east, by then, you know, Captain." ."Very like it may, sir; often does just before sunset, Now, if you young gentlemen like to do so, I'll row you across the barbour .to Bapparee, Cove, and we eau sit in the «hade there, and I'll mend my net a bit, while I spu) a yarn for you." .".WWI row and you steer," exclaimed the two brothers, jumping into the boat and taking the oars. " What is it called Rapparee Cove for?" "Can't say, sir; unless it be that smug- gling used to be carried on here ; it's s convenient place to run a boat in, you see, Some Spanish ships were lost on the rocks herc years agu and many a gold doubloon found its way int« Biracoinbe from them. Mind your oar, Mr. Alfred, here we are. Now I'll make thc boat fast and bring my nets-as nice a place to spend an hour or so, to roy thinking, as need be. What do you say, sir f said Abbott, appealing to the cider brother. " 1 think: its tua jolliest Macs 1 ever saw, Captain, with these beautiful cliffs at oui back, and all those rocks running oat into tin .sea. . And now. Captain, for your story,' said William, throwing himself on the dry, warm sand near Abbott, and shading his cyct with his hat, while Alfred scated himself on a large stone on thc other side of the sailor, and c uunenced shving pebbles into the watci. "I've been thinking, young gentlemen, 1 can't tell you what frightened inc without telling you a good bit of my «arly )iic," "AH the bettor." said thc two brothorg, "All thc better. Now begin as .the story books always do, with, ' Once upon a time.' " Abbott took-off his hat .md wiped-his face with his handkerchief several times ; he was o line lookiu^ fellow, in his blue guernsey and bare throat, and dark curly hair well streaked with gray. " I was born at Clovelly yonder," ko began, and lived there tho first twelve or fourteen years of my life. You can see thc furtherest point there away to the left the prettiest place in England to my thinking. Wc moved ¡ j 'from Clovelly to Ilfracombe. My father was \- j a carpenter and ,1 worked with .him when I i i was goiug oft' to spa, When I was about eighteen I trent to Squire Bassetts! carpenter, but still I lived at home, ami walked backward and forward night anc morning if I didn't get by water. I was thc only child they ever had and my poor mothci made a great deal of me. Soe had neve: the very best of health ; I never remombcj her beiug very hearty, but she was a gooc woman and a good mother to me. "I'm sorry Tor any lad who hasn't a good mother. . No one con be what a mother is to « lad. The thought of ber keeps him from many a hurtful wing ; he wouldn't like to vex her, or he would be ashamed of her knowing, when he would not so much mind bis father. I owe a good deal to my mother. I'm certain sure of that. All tho comfortable things s mother helps to keep a son's heart soft and louing to her-for we're all more or less selfish -you know. Well, my father died just before I was twenty one. I had begun to keep company with a girl that had been a time at Squire Bassett's, but afterward she come into the town here, as her aunt was going to set up a lodging house, and she was to help her. "Visitors hod begun to find out this placo was pleasant to como to even then ; they would come from London, and the gentry from the country would come for a few weeks to get some fresh air and sea bathing -nothing like what it is in nowadays, but still there was a few. I had kept company a good bit before I liked to tell my mother (a bad sign, young gentlemen) ; but one day some neighbour let on to her about me and Susan walking, together; so ia the evening when I carno back from work and she was getting supper ready-she always waited for me, let me be ever so late-she said, 'My boy, is Susan Turner anything to you? I laughed a bit, and leant back Tn my chair and said, ' What little bird has told you that, oh, mother ?" "Well, she got up and came behind me, and took my face in her two bands and kissed me many times. 'Jem,' she said. 'I'd like you to have a good wifo, and ehe should bo as my own daughter. I could,not love any one so well as my own boy, except his wife, if she was a good wife to him ; but, oh, Jem, mind what you're doing, and don't do what you may repent of, once and forever." " I did not say much, and mother speaking in that kind way, and not flying out about Susan as many mothers would, when they ! didn't approve, kept me from being vexed with her. ' You'll not leave me, Jem, if you do marry ?" she said, ' will yon ? My health's never good, you know, and I'd like this to be your home as long os I live.' Father bad put a bit of money by, but it was all hers, and Td J never thought of leaving her, so I said, ' No, i mother, I'll not leave you. I'll always be j your son, even if I have a wife. ' i '"You'll promise me that?'she said. "'Yes, mother, I promise,' I said. I pro- mise willingly.' '"Thankyou, my boy,'she answered, and again she put her lier thin hands on my head and kissed me. 1 God bless you, Jem ; and may He guido you in your choice, and keep ' you in aU your ways.' . ¡ " She never said a word about me not, hav- j ing told her, and she never said she didn't like Susan, you see, so I could not but feel a bit vexed with myself for never having taken council with mother or let her know what I was thinkine about. " Well, we went on, SuBan and me, keeping company some three years, and then I thought it was time we should think of marrying. My work was very regular, chiefly carpenter- ing, and my wages good. " Well, I asked Susan about our settling, but she was quite set on having a house of her own, and that I could not promise. ' Mother will be as good as your own mother could have been,' I said, 'and there's two sitting rooms-one will be yours,, Susan, and all your own things in it.' No; she wasn't pleased, and I wasn't, and we walked home rather put out with each other ; and aa we came near the nursery gardens beyond the church, we met a new upholsterer, Mr. Albert Strong, smoking like a chimney, and he took, off bis hat ina free and easy way to i SUBED. I didn't like it; and wheni>c hod gone on, says I, 'You know that, young man, Susan P' '"Know bim ? Of course I no. I,should think every one knows him by this time-' most genteel he ii, and taken such a good shop m High-street-he comes from Lon Joli,' "The next time I met this Mr, Albert Strong waa a Sunday afternoon, and to my surprise Susan was with him, and him smok- ing all the time. She coloured up a bit, and seemed vexed at meeting me, for alic had sent ine word she could not walk, ns her, aunt had lodgers and wanted ber'in that day '; and if was not a likely part of the placo for nie to be pw, However,she came forward and said aunt luid Jct Tier go atlast; it was a shanie, such a lovely evening *to stay iu the house, and Mr. Strong had escorted lier till elie could meet me. . .. . .. ' " 'Whatever made you llmik of looking ipr me on tho Torr Ï said 1, feeling unoomtort-. able. " 'Do you think you're so small one can't see you?' said she, laughing; and I,was nigh « foot higher than Mr. Strong, so if she had, ijcçn Jocking out for me no doubt she might have seen mc from the hill ; and, perhaps, T óught'noVto liaVç,suspected anything. We walked on a bit' together,' àiiâ then somehow I thought hemadea sjgçtpS()?Bjù, and ouce more I felt uncomfortable", and longed to knock him down, I've often wished I bad then ; but he took his leave immediately after, and I began to feel a little better. " ' Very genteel be's dressed, isn't he ?' said Susan, as soon os ho was out of hearing. "'Genteel, is it? Oh! I didn't know,' I said. I thought his coat must have been cut out of a remnant ; he couldn't button it after a good dinner I'll he bound.' ''Such a thing as it was? Blue cloth and buttons and small tails behind. " 'And hi« hair brushed «o very genteel,' she continued ; ' and smells so sweat/' " So we went on, and she seemed as if she would only talk that way. I could not get lier to be grave, or think about the house ; not that evening or any other time we were together. She never lot me begin about our settling or anything serious, if ene could help it ; and ono day about a month after thc walk, I said I thought she had something on her mind-was her aunt good to her ? '"Oh yes.'sho said, 'everybody was better to her than she deserved.' " ' Wcllj comehoniç with me this evening,' I said, ' and have tea with' ni and Bec what thee'lt say to tile house; it's a long time. Susan, since thee've been to eeo mother.' ' I can't. I can't,' she said, ' don't ask me; not to- night, .Tames not to-night.' With that Blie burst into tears, and turning from me-we were just passing her aunt's at thc time-she .raved lier baud, and ran in. ~ '""That was our last walk tqguthor. "Next morning Tcould not go up very carly, for I had a particular job tu finish, hut just before dinucr I nm off to her aunt's. * Pusan's not in,' she said. ' Not in,' 1 repeated ; ' where is sho gone Ï' . " 'Oh,' I suppose a bit of shoppiug or sume thing,'she said ; 'I can't rightly say.' So I went round home thc other way, and passed Mr, Strong's smart sb,op ; thc blinds wer<¡ al] j closed, but there was a notice that a now au'd ! startling investment was expected front London on the following Saturday, which ( would bc really Tor inspection on Monday next. I went home and had my dinner, ' ano bock to my work till about 6 o'clock ; and about S mother came to me in the shop and put her hand on my arm, and said, looking as kind and pitiful as ever woman did : 'Jem, dear, have you seen Susan to-day Y " * No, mother,' says I, turning sharp ; ' what's tho matter ?' " Why, her aunt's como to see after her ; she's not been in since morning, Jem, and-' " And what, mother Í I said, feeling scared like. " ' Her best clothes are gone, and Mrs. Hobbs has heard she was seen early to- day on the road to Lee." " ' What should take Susan to Lee ?' " 'Well, James Abbott,' said her aunt who had followed my mother and was just outside the door, though I hadn't noticed ber -' I'm sure if it's all true, it is quite as strange to me as to you : I never was so took back, and I hope you'll throw no blame on mc for it.' " 'For what, Mrs. Hobbs f I said, what's true * What's the matter T Can't you tell a fellow at once, and not go playing with him, when you've got him on the book sure enough? " ' Well indeed, Mrs. Abbott, I don't like telling things too suddint like,' she said ; 'but if James would rather know, no one has a better right, of course, than him. Well, then, they say tliat Albert Strong went to Lee this morning, too. His shop'sempty, and the quarter's just up. They suspect that they boen married at Lea. Strong has been sleeping, there, and walking backward and forward for a fortnight, sud they say the bans must have been cried there. She come in a bit of money about a month ago.* " ' Money 1 and me never to know I' I said. ' Why, 'twas only yesterday I asked her if she wanted any I I'm off to Lee mother. If he's not married her, I'll follow them, break every bone in his body, and bring her safe home to Mrs. Hobbs, If they are married, I'll como home to you, motlier. I, said I'd be your son all my life." '. t was not long getting to Lee, but tho clerk had gone out fishing, and the parson had ridden over to Barnstablo. So I climbed to thc top of a hill and watched till the boats began returning. It had got so dark, I had to wait for the clerk to got a lantern, before we went to the church. He brought out thc book, and there sure enough was the mamara: Albert Strong and Susan Turner. Mr. Wrcy had married them and cone to Barnstaple after, thc clerk said. I never spoke a word, and want out of tho church, and straight home. " I went about my work a week or two, and then I felt I had no stomach for it. I must have a changeofsomesort,andIdidnot see how to get it, and leave thc poor mother, either. I was turning it over in iny mind when a groom from Squire Bassett s rode up, and i said a young gentleman in his yacht was off Watermoutn Bay, and wanted a handy man to do some work on board at once ; BD ho, being a friend of mine, called to give the joh. Even this was different - from what I had been at in Ilfracombe, so I took up the wallet, and told mother not wait dinner for me ; got a lift in a boat as tho tide served, and was there in no time, "The yacht was off AVatcrmouth Island, (you must go and see that, and the caves there, too, young gentlemen, some day ; a beautiful trip it is). Well, I went on board, and Mr; Hamilton himself was there, and told me at at once all he wanted done. I did it t« his satisfaction : he going up and. down and coming back every now ana then' and asking mfe a question or two,. "'Do you know anything about working a 'ship V said he. ' I've never been on board ono liko this sir,' I Baid, ' but, of course, I am as much nt home iii our fishing smacks and such life' craft,' as on land, living always by the sea.' " ' And your're a handy man an can give a hand to anything going on, I hear,'continued Mr. Hamilton. ' And a sober one, too, which it best of all.' " ' Yes, sir, I hopo BO.' j (Conetuded in next mite, j 