POLICE COURT—ADELAIDE. THIS DAY. Thursday, August 22. rBefore Mr. S. Beddome, P.M., and Mr. 0. S. Smedley, J.P.] John Selly, Thomas Burke, and John Baird were fined 10.3. for drunkenness. William Knowles, for a similar offence, was fined £3., and for insulting behavior in Bundle street with intent fj provoke a breach of the peace, was fined 10s. David Crawford, cabdriver, for being drank in charge of his vehicle, was fined £1, and for assaulting Sergeant Irwin in the execution of his duty, was fined £5. George Malthouse was charged by Mathew Ford with damaging sand, the property of the Cor poration, at the Company's Bridge, and was fined 5s. and costs. Thomas Born, licensed victualler,was charged on an information under Nock's Act with sup plying liquor between the excepted hours on Sunday, August 14, to Henry Dew and others, they not being bona fide travellers, at Kent Town. Mr. Smith for the defence A police constable said he saw a man go into the defen dant's hotel and return. He then heard talk ing in the bar, and looked through the window. Saw three men and the landlord there, and saw the defendant serve them twice with drinks. Beeognised the men as living in Kent Town. For the defence Henry Dew, baker, said he was invited by the defendant to a party at his hotel. He went there, and the drinks he and the others had were not paid for, but were given by the defendant. "Witness left the hotel about a quarter to 1j. Other wit nesses corroborated. The Superintendant of Police said he knew the house kept by the de fendant was very respectable, andtbedefendant had neglected to obtain a permit. He would withdraw the information. "Withdrawn. James McLoghlen, a young man, was charged by James Mickle with stealing moneys to the amount of 2s. 6d., at Hindley-street, on August 21\. Evidence was taken to show that the prisoner had been seen taking the money fi jm the till, and the prisoner, who pleaded g - i'iy, was sentenced to two month's imprisonment with hard labor. David Scanlon, a young man, was charged with assaulting "Wm. Harris, and stealing three £1 notes, two gold rings, value £a, a coat value 50s., and a hat, value 9s., at Adelaide, on July 15. The evidence given was the same as that taken in the case of the man Northmore charged with the same offence, and who was committed for trial. The prisoner was arrested at Jamestown on August 20\. He said," I am not gnilty. Kelly, the man who is committed, did it, as Northmore cau prove. I was there the night of the row." Committed for trial. John McKillicoat was charged by luspectcr Fuller with casting out nightsoil in Gouger street, on July 22. Mr. Stuart for the prosecu tion, and Mr. A. G. Downer for the defence. The evidence showed that the defendant had a contract for the cleaning out of a cesspit belong ing to the Supreme Court. This contained about eight cubic feet of liquid, and the defen dant and his men were seen to carry the con tents of the cesspit and empty, them into a drain. The yard was then swept, and covered with lime. Fined £5 and costs. Charles Hill was charged by Daniel Thomas with leaving a vehicle on a public stand be tween sunset and sunrise without having the lamps lighted on the same. Fined £1 and costs. " This is scarcely the season," says the Soulh-EasternStar, '• at which newspaper readers expect to meet with snake stories, nor .agricul turalists to receive injuries from the progeny of that wise one who bo excited the curiosity of Mother Eve as to make her eat the forbidden fruit and entail upon mankind the necessity of incurring tailors' bills; yet even in these chill ing days of August his snakeship has mani fested himself, and that to a resident of this district in a painful manner. In the hot weather which succeeded last harvesting opera tions Mr. E. Boneham, of Kalangadoo, became aware that a haystack upon his premises har bored a snake, and several ineffectual attempts were made to dislodge the reptile. As time wore on and wintry weather prevailed nothing more was thought of the matter. On Thurs day, August 15, however, Mr. W. T. Bone ham, a young man about 19 years of age, and son of the proprietor, was in the act of cutting out a portion of the stack for forage purposes when he was suddenly bitten on his left knee by the snake. Mr. Boneham, sen., who was at once informed of the circumstance, immediately tied a tight bandage above the wound, made an incision into the flesh where it had been bitten, sucked the poison, exploded a few grains of gunpowder upon the scarified place, and with as little delay as possible drove his son into Gambierton and consulted Dr. Jackson. The marks of the fangs of the snake were clearly discernible when the surgeon looked at the wound, but the proper remedies having been applied the patient was soon out of danger. He is not expected to suffer any further inconvenience from the mishap, but Dr. Jackson recommends that in all cases of snake bite the bitten flesh should be cut clean out. We regret to say that the snake which bit Mr. Boneham, jun., made good its retreat." The play of " Ingomar" was repeated at the Theatre Boyal on "Wednesday evening, there being an excellent house, both stalls and gallery being well filled. To-night "Bichelieu" will be given. Rainsford's Ghost and Comedy Com pany was well patronised on Wednesday even ing, when the programme was carried out with spirit. The efforts of all the performers, and especially MisB Amy Horton, created a good deal of applause and amusement, 