JOHNNY GEDDES; OR, THE ADVENTURES OF A SCOTTISH PACKMAN. RELATED BY HIMSELF. CHAPTER VI. — MY NOTABLE GHOST ADVENTURE. I'm no of a superstitious nature — far frae it, nor am I what ye could ca' a cowardie – as I mean to show after a wee in relating a notable spuilzie I had wi' twa escapit con- victs ; but I ask ony sensible man if he thinks, gin he was placed exactly as I was in the subjoined adventure, he would have acted greatly different ? I'm thinking that unless he be like Tammy Bauchles, a bantle readier with words than deeds, his honest reply, after perusing the same, will be, "No, Johnny, no." I was wandering along a geyan' high point of the Ochils ae beautiful and balmy evening in August, meditating on the good of the Almighty in blessing me wi' an e'e and a heart to appreciate a' things lovely and attractive — mair particularly the glorious sunset that I had just sat looking doon upon from my high elevation. To see the hills and glens lying peacefully . below me, bathed in glints o' yellow sun- shine, and suffused with the burning re- flection of the crimson clouds.aboon, and to behold the bosoms of the wandering Tay and Earn glowin' like the sea of molten fire spoken o' in the Revelations, wi' a' nature around me sinking into a dwamy hush of re- pose, might weel banish a' worldly thoughts for the time from my breast and keep me chained to the spot with my chin resting on my ellwand, and. my pack lying forgotten behind me, till a gude wheen valuable minutes had flown into eternity. And when at last, with a suppressed sigh for the departed glories, I did stir my shanks, I found, as many a ane has before me, that what I had gained in peaceful meditation and religious feeling I was likely to lose in worldly comfort — in a word, I was likely to be benighted. On, therefore, I warselled with quickened steps, for I had never travelled that gait afore; and, though I can put up with muckle discomfort with- out a sigh or a grumble, I carena to do so till I have tried every lawful expedient for the bettering o' mysel'. It was with much joy and inward satisfaction, then, that I at last sighted the lights and outline of a braw house, which, though not of great size, had as I afterwards discovered, the advantage of viewing the country for thirty miles around. Here I was so hospitably received by a few servants, and so successful in lightening my pack, baith in kitchen and drawing-room, that I considered myself housed for the nicht. Ye can guess my dumfoundered look when I was very doucely and politely informed that it was getting late, and that I had getter gang my ways. "I beg your pardon," I said, starting up at ance, with a blush at my ain stupidity for intruding sae lang ; "but the fact o' the matter is that wi' the maister here being sae kind and mensefu', and sae weel ac- quaint wi' Maister Text, my minister when I'm at hame, I thocht maybe ye micht hae puttin' me up for the nicht." "Certainly; there's naething we wad hae likit better," said a bit cheery servant lassie, taking me up ; "ye're sic gude com- pany, and we see sae few strangers here, and we've heard sae often o' Johnny Geddes, the packman. But ye see hoo we're placed; it being the heat o' summer, we're crowded to the very door wi' strangers. Even we oorsel's, the servants, are crowded thegither in twas and threes glad to get a place to lay oor heids." "And the lang and the short of it is, Maister Geddes," said anither, beginning, where she left aff, "if you had stayed there wad hae been but a choice of evils — the loft abune the stable, or the haunted bed- chamber." "A loft, wi' plenty o' gude clean strae intill't is no bad quarters," I cheerfully re- turned; "and afore I would face an un- travelled road in the dark I would e'en put up wi't. But what's that you said aboot a haunted chamber ?" But here a hush fell upon them all, aud they lookit frae side to side in a fearful way, as if expecting a tribe of ghosts and warlocks to appear on the instant. "Oh, dinna speak o't for ony sake ; it sets a' my flesh a grue," cried Meggie, the servant lassie, stopping her fingers in her ears and turning white in the face. "Maister Geddes could never sleep there, so there's an end o't." "And what for no?" I coolly made answer. "It'll be a gude comfortable room, I'se warrant, wi' a clean saft bed in it ; and what mair could a body wish. I'm an elder o' the kirk and hae few ghosts haunting my conscience, so it's unco improbable that ony wraiths or long-nebbit things wad fash wi' me. But what is it haunted wi', gin a body micht speer ?" "Wi' the ghost o' puir Mr. Shilpit, the Crieff lawyer, that cam' here for the benefit o' his health," put in the other servant. "Ye see he had rackit his brains into mad- ness about a cuddie case on which he was engaged, and could never get at a' the ins and oots o't, till at last he got sae doited that folk said he was the greatest cuddie himsel'. Weel, he cam here on a pleasure visit, but hanged himsel' in his bedroom with a daud cut aff the bell pull, which, a' things considered, was baith improper and ungrateful. I think when a man wants to hang himsel' he should dae it at hame in a quiet and orderly manner, and no gang making a ghost-howf o' other folk's hooses." "Ah! but that's no the warst o't either," put in a third, "for when his wife was rather suddenly informed o' the deed she rushed in her nicht-gown to a bit garden attached to her ain house, and wad hae thrown hersel' into a wee loch close at han' but for violent hands bein' laid on her to prevent it. But she never recovered the shock, but dee'd soon after ; and then, waud ye believe it; nathing waud ser' her but she maun sen' her ghaist awa' ower here into oor garden, where she wanders aboot a' in white, looking in at the haunted chamber, and wringing her hands in terror and anguish as if she saw what was gaun on, but was powerless to prevent the terrible deed." "Gude save us, that's a horrific tale," said I; "but what is't that's seen inside ?" "Naething but him hingin' by the neck as deid as a herrin'. Sometimes, they say, he gies his legs a bit funk, as muckle as to say, "Cut me doon," but o' that I'm no sure, having never seen the ghaist mysel'." "Has onybody else here seen the ghaist ?" I asked, looking round on the concerned- looking faces. "Naebody," was the immediate reply "we a' tak' gude care no tae see it, for everybody that sees it dwines awa' and dees o' a broken heart.'' "Aweel, I'm no likely to dee o' a broken heart ; I'm ower auld in the horn for that noo," I responded, after thinking a wee. "If my heart had been meant to be broken it wad hae gaen lang syne when I was a hantle younger and smarter. But wha has seen the ghaists, then ?" "Twa three visitors that were put into the room without thocht. Ae nicbt was aye enough for the bravest o' them." "And ae nieht is a' that Johnny Geddes requires," said I; "for by the break of day I'll be aff like a lintie — so I'll e'en sleep in the haunted chamber." Naethin' could picture or describe the horror mingled wi' admiration that this announcement excited. A clamor o' voices instantly tried to dissuade me from the ven- ture ; and as for the tender- hearted Meggie, she assured me, with tears of pity in her e'en, that afore morning I wad be lying dead and cauld in the bed, frichtit into my grave by the uncanny sichts. But to the natural bravery and sound sense with which I had been blessed there now was added a strong curiosity to investigate and put an end to all sic foolish rumors; and so deter- mined and fearless did I appear that they at length gied owre trying to reason me oot of it. "He that will tae Cupar, maun tae Cupar," said Meggie at last. "But, my sang, ye'll rue it. The warst o't is that the room's next to mine, and if I hear onything I'll be frichted oot o' my seven senses, and also dying wi' curiosity to see what's gaun on. So, Maister Geddes, whatever ye see, keep quiet, or ye'll hae my death on yer shoothers as weel as yer ain." "Aweel, Meggie, my lass, that's the last thing that I wad wish," said I wi' a blythe blink o my e'e into her sonsy young face, that showed that a touch of my youthful gallantry still ran dirlin' through my auld bluid. "I wad never sleep mair if I thocht that ane sae bonnie. and kind wad dee o' a broken heart instead o' getting weel marrit ; so, if ye hear ony thing or feel inclined to start up, just gang contrar, and keep yer heid below the claes, and then ye'll see naething." Shortly after this— which was spoken ower a canty bit supper— I was conduckit to the dreaded apartment; and sae deep was the interest taken in my bauld experi- ment that I was accompanied the hale dis- tance along the cool passages by a' the servants in a body. Govidick! it was enough to gar a body think himsel' a hero or a general at ance ! But when I had bade them gude nicht, and got a glint o' their wondering and pitying faces, and closed the door to keep the candle from sputter- ing in the draught into shrouds and wind- ing sheets, and begood to survey the great eerie bedroom, I didna feel just sae bauld as I wad hae likit. The subdued whisper- ing o' the servants as they retreated to their ain rooms seemed to leave me suddenly alane in the world — I mean as far as ony human being was concerned — but suddenly shut up wi' a horde o' invisible and wicked spirits wha wad think little o' pook- ing me by the lug, whisking me up the lum, or some other mad-like spulzie, in revenge for my boasting and scepticism. The hale room begood to look ghastly and shadowy ; the tall bedposts and ancient draperies were like four-sheeted wraiths looking sternly doon on me an' my bit lichted candle, as muckle as to say, "Wretched man — irreverent intruder — what dost thou here ?" The shutters groaned as I opened them to the back that I mightna sleep in in the morning ; and in spite o' me I couldna keep back a rush o' remembrances o' hor- rible murders, suicides, wraiths, ghosts, and goblins that had been related in my hearin' in days gaen by. "Johnny, lad, this'll never dae," I said to mysel' ; but the horrible hollow soun' o' my ain voice in that sepulchre o' a room effectually stoppit me frae saying another word. I whuppit aff my claes, carefully hanging them up to be oot o' the dust, said my prayers as usual, and then, after giein' the cods a gude wallop up to mak' them saft for my head and induce sleep, I loupit in as smart as if a brownie had been making a snap at my big tae, and then cuddled up and tried to sleep. I didna succeed that bad either, a' things considered, and was just dowering ower into unconsciousness when something played dirl at ane o' the fireirons, causing it to come clash down on the fender, raising a thousand ghostly echoes, and leaving me standing in the middle o' the floor to which I had sprung, with the cauld sweet trink- ling doon my brow and back like drops o' lead, and my hair creeping up on my head like' the fur on the tail of a hairy black cat. "Lord hae mercy on me ! what's that ?" I cried ; but ghaists are no gein to answer- ing mony questions, so this ane remained silent, being naething I jalouse but a ratten or mouse that had wandered that airt and in a doited way played stumble against the tangs. My candle was oot and I had not in my pooch the means of lighting it, my spunks having run dune ; and leaving a proper investigation till morning, I was aboot to loup into bed again, when a sicht never to be forgotten till the last day I live- caught my e'e, and froze me into a petri- faction on the spot. I was at some distance frae the window, and the moon outside was shining dimly, yet as plainly as I now see this sheet o' paper did I see against the light the form of a man hanging by the neck from the knob of the shutter. "Oh, Lord, Johnny, ye're in for it noo," I faintly gaspit oot, as I staggered back against the bed, wi' my e'en jumping oot o' my head towards the dreaded ghaist. I covered up my e'en for a minute, gied them a gude rub, opened them, and looked towards the. window ance mair; but there still hung the horrible spectre, stiff and silent, against the dull sky. This was ower. muckle for me and doon' I drappit on my knees, while a roar of terror cam whumpling' up my throat in spite o' me, "Oh, Mr. Shi— i— lpit, its only me, Johnny Geddes, a bit packman boody frae Claikhanga," I gaspit oot in a stutter of terror. "And let me aff this time and I'll never dae't again." No a word, no a cheep did the awful figure utter in reply, and indeed it was foolish o' me to expect' such a thing, seeing it was a "hangit" ghaist, and therefore likely to hae its utterance stoppit. But the moment after some clouds moving aff the mune showed me the spectre in a somewhat clearer light, and then it struck me that the hat on its head was no unlike my ain. Emboldened by this discovery, I took a step or twa forrit, and then the hale mystery was explained. The awfu' spectre was nouther mair nor less than my ain breeks, coat and hat, which I had hung up on the knob o' the shutter ready to slip on in the; morning ! Weel, after this discovery I leuch and leucb, staggering and stamping about the room, ower chairs and a' things, till ye'd thought the hale house wad hae been waukened ; and it never struck me that in the midst of my jubilee and self-congratu- lation there had been a number of wee squeals and some flustering in the room ad-` jacent to mine. My mirth was destined to be of short duration, for, just as I was leaning back on the bed the better to support myself, I glanced oot at the garden behind, and there I saw a fluttering white spectre that in- - stantly chilled the laugh on my lips, and again prunkit me down on my knees, shiver- - ing and shaking like a lump of potted heid. ' A — a — a see it noo ! I cried, wi' chat tering teeth. ' It's Mary Shilpit come ta look for the ghaist o' her man — and he's no here — and she'll maybe tak' me. Oh — o — a — o ! what's to be dune noo ?' There could be nae doot about this ghaist,. for it was a woman, for it moved, and: wrung its hands, and jouMt if s head f omfc to keek the better into the haunted cham ber, with eyes shining in the dark lijta rabbits'; and as it did so I let oot a yell such as I. ne'er heard the like o' afore 6r since. A yell did I call it — it was a ha^i cataract of yells driven intae ane ; then my senses begoud to leave me as the spectre glided nearer to the window. Then the pale lips of it opened, and faint and low I heard the words — "Maister Geddes, Maister Geddes, what's wrang wi' ye ? Tell me quick if onything's happened." Fain, fain wad I hae answered, though it was but a ghaist that spoke, and she ance the wife of a lawyer ; but I, Johnny Geddes, am but frail humanity, like yersel', after all. The tongue clove to the roof of my mouth ; the words I would have uttered died away like the croak of a roopit craw. I staggered forrit, groping wildly aboot. with my arms, with the e en o' the ghost shining in on me wi' melancholy interest, and. then merciful, nature came to my rescue, and sank me in insensibility. I was wakened by seeing a number of' candles held doon owre me, and feeling some one hauding me up on the carpet, while Meggie, the servant, in her nicht gown, poured a luggie of water on my bald pate- "Oh, Johnny, what did ye see ?" she cried, as I recognised her as the ghaist of Mrs. Shilpit. "I ran into the garden at the back whenever I .heard the sound o' you laughing; but though I lookit in at the window, and asked if onything was wrang, ye were staggrin' aboot unable to answer me. What was it ye saw ?" "I saw," I said, looking gey weel ashamed of mysel' as I tried to face the crowd of alarmed inmates who hung around me— "I saw naethiag but my ain breeks and: hat hanging on the shutter knob, and after- wards you yoursel' keeking in at the win- dow in yer sark." [Next week. — A Detective story — "Hunting for a Breastpin."] Some time ago we drew attention to a specimen copy of a work entitled 'Oar First Century' which had been brought under our ^\ notice. The copies ?which have been ordered by South Australian subscribers and others that will be available for the general public have now \ reached the colony, and they fully bear oat the promise of the specimen copy. The author of ' Our First Century ' is Mi. E. M. Devens, a member of the Historical Society of Washington,, who has already published several standard works on the history of the United States. The present work treats of the principal events,, political and military, which have taken place in the United States from 1776 to 1876, and much interesting information is given with re spect to the actors in the great war of indepen dence, and the many stirring occurrences that - have taken place since. Nor are more peaceful chronicles forgotten, for a record is given of scientific and mechanical discoveries during the century, and sketches of the. lives of men emi nent for their scientific or literary attainments. The style of the work is very -happy, and it is a valuable addition to any library as a book of reference.' The manner in which it is got up is creditable' to the publishers (Messrs. Nicholls and Co., of Springfield, Massachusetts), as the letter-press'is good, the binding handsome, and the illustrations numerous. The agent in South.. Australia is Mr. Jenkins. . - 