) THE r H A N T 0 AI M 1 N E E-. | P ("A .ttoi'i/ oj th/j old gold diggltig dcCif.-r.y ? 'I Tn.LL you a gho.st stoi-y,'' .said nn- miolc Ned, a hale old gentleman of 70 years. ' Well, I will relate a peculiar , affair that happened on Tallmaiis Gully, in 1859." S Wo w.ere all attention, and listened to the very rcniark- \ able navr.ativc he related in tlie following manner : ) " Yon must know," commenced my uncle, " that I and S four mates were living in a tent on the banks _ of the C river — living, I .said, I .should have called it existing, for ) WD were most unfortunato, only finding sutlicicnt gold to ) keep us in the commonest tucker. After our cveryd.ay's f' work, you m.ay be sure we were tired enougli ; but we were J every night disturbed in our rest by the ciiiik, clink, clink \ of a pick, .about flTty yards from our canvas borne. This f confounded noise alw.ays commenced .at miduigbt, and did ) not cease until the break of day. One night wc were \ determined to sec who it was ; so we sallied forth in the E bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel | J shirt, high boots, nnd slouched hat, hard at work by .an \ old claim wliieh liad been deserted for many years. I was , / chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisi'' diggijr; V but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, \ ti'.anstixcd with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's ( clothes was no liring mtin, hut a nlxloton P " Uncle Ned 1" we all cried, " how fearful." C " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, woll- ? to-do looking man, of about fifty years of age, who /) enquired; for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. C Ho told us t.h.at in '51 he and .a tnatc of his deserted from / one of Her Maje.st3''s .ships, .and started for the Tallmans S gold fields. They worked with i)rett',y good luck tor a few C moiitlis, when the new comcr'weht down to Melbourne to '/ sec about some letters. Before he went, he said to his S inatOi ' Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the ( cl.aim for a day until I come back.' Bob proinised, and / they parted. 'I went down to Melbourne,-' said the cx- \ digger,- ' and there w.as arrested as a deserter, and sent on C bo.ard ; and now th.at I have obtained ray discharge, I y h.ave hastened up kei-e to find my old chum.' ' You will S see him to-night,' I said ; ' but j'ou'll find hira very much f' changed.''' At midnight, the everlasting clink of th(j ) phantom's jrick w.as heard, and wc all turned out. 'Ah 1 ' \ cried the sailor, 'there's dear old Bob. Rob, here I am Lack. '' Bob, speak to mo.' He r.an to the llgUre, which / turned its hideous face on hini. With a loud shriek tire seeker J fell senseless on the .ground. The gimst threw down its ( pick, and vanislicd. In the mornin'g wc discovered the ) poor s.ailor a raving lunatic.',' - \ " Ob, uncle Ned, what a fearful story." I " Well, yon asked me to tell you a, story, and I h.ave done so.", ' r- ' - . ' -i c'-' Then, it is not true ? ' - i ' r " Well, said our uncle. laughing, " it .is as.trne)as many ) of the absurd y.arns, th.at got abqub duriiig the ;ragirig of . thc'gold fever. .'Ah,; those \TCrc strange d.ays, when; men ( iTOulci undergo any am'ount of privation for a few oqnces ) of gblcl. :':.Hdw difficrent it is now; for should- a inan' he X pushcl for aJarge or sinall iimount all that he lias - tc do ( is tb'Iiato-amiiitci'view'wLtti /, , ' . ) DAVID HBNRY,-oe' 52 Gollms street e.asi;, - v Who has f I'oni ,£5. to £ 10,000 .to leiid on note's of hand, bills / of sale (with or: .without , security), salary orders, life ) policies, certificates, deeds', bill of 'lading; legacies, goods, k mefchahdise;''on expected remittances', or on moneys per- ( sons may be entitled to. from 'England and elsewhere, etc., ) repayable to suit 'the Convenience of borrowers. V Bills discoiihtccl daily/at the lowest rate of interest, and ( mor(g.ages from"-G per cent. 