) -'OW AMiTECfR THIA.TEICALS AT ) B6OL6N&. / lie justs at scars ivho never felt a ivaitml — Rojieo. ( 0>fK of the most awful recollections Mr? Banbury Cross, / of Boolon;, had of his 3'outhful daj'S, he ugcd to declare, / was when ho made his first and only appearance as an ) aetor at a privatcamateur theatrical cntertaiumeat at his ) own house in Boolong. He) for some' unknown reason, nad C conceived that he was born to be ah actor — to tread the boards like the great Gamck and! the elder Kean — but it ' was, foolish notion, soon, knocked put of his head arlter his ) peculiar On ;finding the Melbourne and ) managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with bearing V red hair, and a turri-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" . at atiy 'of their:sevdriCl''theatres,'lie;'.i'es6lved tb '4ake ibc bull by the horns" and gbt up a 'compauy of his own doAvn ' at.his-plaee at Boolong. He went to enormous . expense ) in building .a small theatre, purchasing wardrobCj having ) sceueiy painted — for' Banbury was' 'ddtermincd to do the V thing-, weli and imtip-top 'style. :Hb got, together, a kind of scratctfnompainy, many of them like himself, raw am- bifcioua amateurs, eager "to- fi-et their hour upon the ' stage,'"- and one or two' seedy outcasts of the "profession; ) and he! looked forward to the production of his pet play, ) " Haniiet;." himself as the Prince, with ranch excitement, . not u'n'alloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ' mbntlis constant rehearsal, were pretty perfeet in their 3 wordsbefore the curtain wenhup, but after it did most of . them iorgot thdra. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ) infoxi'caled, .and the lUcewise an amateur, \ buTst-'into a nervous' fif'bf' tears' before she said a dozen lirihs.' Banbiu'ywas rpared at by the local personages who / .assembled to assist' .at the am.ateur perfprriiahcc. But this ) was not the worst,'-' for B'anbury fbuihl' that when the bills came inrtheexpeai.se waS, twice a3.1ai'gQ;asbe-had expected, ) ahd-he could not meet them. " The fellovvS,"-'he used to say, J " allowedrine to haver-whatever I, wanted pa- credit, because "theyrhn.evv that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- > ist/fwpuid .pay them I knew very well he would- do io I such'thing WM the.y were/for theatrical ; trap- piugSi'foiiif there .was 'one thing he held abhoirea'ce it I was!t.iic!the.atre."j. What was ho to" do ? ,, His. uncle -ivould J disihligfitliiih, tiivh hiinout of the house he had furnished for him, .and send him adrift on the world. ...AVhatAvas he ' to do ? His, creditors vvonid not .-\yait, and' lie- wpnld he a miserable,. pauper. But for aB. this he did ,not lose his house,; aiici', llis,' ppoi uncle's fortun e is in the baiik,' in his uampythanks to the timely .aid of bne'w7to is a, friencl to the drama as mell as tO;the rest.of -the ovorld, who advanced him the ieedfiil.' Need,.we.say his'name. , No ; all know him I But we may as >velT remark it .was the ohamindn of the distrosseil.' ' ' - - - . DAVID HENRY, bfrna Collins street east, Who lias from iio' to- -j8 10,000 to lend oiimotes.ol-.harld, inlls i of sale (wir.h. or -without .security), s.alary .orders, life policies; o'erhificates, deeds.' bill of -ladinlg, 'Icgficics; gopds, ' mcrchahdis'e', bii expected romittances, or ' oiA'moheys per- I sonsanayibe entitled to froin Englanxl and elsewhere, etc., repay'fible to suit theiconvenience. of borrowers. ' ,':,Bills'.discounted dailj"- at the lowest rate of interest, and ( moiTgages from 6 per cent. : : : . 