y' OUR AMATEUR THGATRIOALS AT .| > 7 BOOLONGK ; - .,v He jests at sears who neoer-.felt a wownd — Romeo. ) — f One of the most .awful recolLectioas Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, had of his .youthful days, he used to declare, i was when he inadc his first and only appearance, as |iin \ actor at a private amateur' theatrical eutertaiument afhis ' 7 own house in Boolong. He, for. some unknown reason, nad . conceived that he was horn to be -an actor — to tread the boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it ) was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar dehwt. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney managers unjvilling to give a perfect novice with blearing red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to "take the bull by the horns" .and get ii j a company of his own down at his place at Bobiorig. ; He' went to ' enormous expense I in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having , scenery painted — for Bauhury was determined to do -the thing well and in tipVtoAstAk- TH.e.Vgot together.- a' kind ; of scrjit'chrcompany,many of them like himself, raw am bitious amateurs, pqager ';' tq7f ret -'their., hour upon the > stage,"- and one/qr two seely outcasts -''df Ythe .profession); i ( and he looked forward .to;ithAiproluctioa of his pet iplay, Y , " Hafnlet;" himself as'the Prinoe, \yith much excitement, not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after.about a mohthj's jconstaut rehearsal, were pretty perfect iu their I wq.rds)before the cuiaiiin went up, Lut aher it did.' most of them lorgot them. The, scenery hitched ; the' Ghost was ' intoxicated, and the At- ztv; : like vyisc; OjJhelia, a,n ainateur, J burst jntAa nervous fit oif tears before she said ra dozeu lines, i Banbury was.-r oared aty theflocal personages who I assembled to assistaifithe amateiifp'ei'formance. But this , was not the wor3t,.for Banbury fqnud that when the .bills came iu the expense -n'as twice 'as'large as'he had expected, I and he could not!meet;them. n"!The fellows," he used to say, " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on credit, because the'y;me\y tEa£ my ricH.un'cle iti Aieaide,'afstrict Method ist, would pay .them, .but I knew very well he\yould do no such thing 'when'he found .they'were for ' theaLacar -tfapi pihgsjTbr .ifi there 'was orib thing -he held ih"abhorrence it was the'th-eatre.''' "VYhatAvM he to do ? His 'uncle would disinherit 'him; turn him out of the house he hatl furiiished for himj -and se'h'd- h'irii adrift 'on the' world; 'VYhat was he to dO'"'?->-'rHis'eredit6rs vybuld not wait -and 'he - -would be a miserable pauper. But -for '-all this/ he'' did' not -lose. his house, aud his poor uncle's- fbrtuiih is in the'' bank in his name; thanks'- to th'e timely aid"bf-'-ohe 7«/m is A f riehd to . the drMm'dg'wdi ds td tlie0'(ist>df 'tlu world, himcthe -liee'dffilP-n.Need -we sky-' his name; No ; all know him 1 But we may as well remark it was the' ohamploH of tJus distress&iyid; til Si-.tnO of-i/ .;v.' -Y n-: i f .- ; D AHDI'HWn RT,', oi-l 52 (Colli us sti- eek east, i ... ' ' ' -7 Who has from-£o tb-£ld',bciO' t6'Teud''on'n6teso£k'find, bill's of sale (with or without-seeurLty), salary orders, life policies, ;certificaties,ydeeds, bill qf -lading,, legacies, goods, raerch'au'dise, on expected 'femittarices, 'or' on' nibrieys per sons .may, he 'entitled to. frqiii. England and. elsewhere,, etc., repayable, to suit theAcbavenie'hce.of borrowers. ' , Bills discouuted.daily at.the Iqwes.t raite qf-interestj and I mortgages frbm 6 per cent. , ' , i ,- ... f t 