Gossip. THE Lehcïoil .correspondent of tho "New York Tribune," writing on December 28th, sdilltti the following bit of gossip :-" And it is ¡lt lilia Moment that an old jest is revived whether" by L'o.id Beacons'field's friends or cneiiiiCS it Would bo hard tb say. The jest is that LOfll Beslcoiislield is gbing to marry the Queen j öl' IJUrllaps it would be moro decorous to say that thli Queen is goitlg to marry Lord Beaconsfield; There is nothing pebplo will nöt say, SO they siiy this. They said it directly tliti Queen's visit to Hughenden was niinb'tlnc'ötl; Tills is ia period when gossip and scandal of aÜ sörl» uro, perhaps, inoro rife tlnih during tliti scilSon itself. It is the period whön great cotlnt'ry-Iiouscs uro throng- ed with ghosts. The ctJihpany coinés and goes, each hew natch bringing a fresh con- tribution of stories fr'öin somó otlibr house, and on their dfepartur'B citfryiiiH on to a third' the story they havii guthcreil, tile ball getting bigger with every turn. Hid Hughenden visit has already become lt Icigliild: Lord Bcdcioilstield'a solicitude about it WHS eli pi- ously show-Ill He sent for Lady E\, who is supposed tu know the Queen's tastes hotter than anybdity diso, to come to Hughenden in ! advancci On lifer arrival, it ' appeared that Lord Beadonsfioid Was desirous to bu informed wlult her Majesty liked for lunch ; that was why the vonerablil woman had boen invitcid to make tho journey to jTiighetidcni An oraüular responso oí Iibrd Beaconsfield is quoted to tho same end. After he had become prime Minister" and had made! him- self an Earl, and when he Illid begUli to rccuivo those invitations fl'OlU stately bid dowager.countesses and chicheaseis which had been tho dream of his lifo, somö friend asked him Which of them he was going to iuarry. Tho Earl drew himself! up, moro sphlnx-liko than ever, and answered Sir, there is but one wolnan in England whom 1 can now murry I" I do not Biippbse there is ono atbm of truth in all this. I clo not repeat it ad a thing true or probable, but as d fraginont of the talk now heard among people who sctik, in a care- less nild quite! flippant tray, tb explain to themselves and those lilib thom tllb intiulacy of the relations between tile Prinlü Minister and tho Queen. That tho relations aré inti- mate, exceptionally intimate, admits of iio doubt." SHADE TREES.-A law exists hi New York Stato Which may well oXcite envious feelings in the hearts of footsoro and weary travellers in other-parts of the world. It is to the etFoct that any inhabitants liable to highway tux who transplants td tho side, of tho highway any forest shade trees Or fruit trees of suitablo size shall bo allowed ¡in abatement of his highway tax, amounting td about ia. 2d; for ovui-y four treos. Certain regulations are laid dcHVh IIB to tho distaucOa tho trBus ure tu be apart; Elms ara not to bo nedrot1 tllttil sövor.ty fcët; maples and othor fdrost titles nut noddy than fifty feot¡ except locust troos¡ wliioli may bo sot thirty feet apart. Fruit* trees dre to stilnd at d distance from oach other of at least fifty feet; This is pleasant to read about. '' Hore is a State, hot satisfied with providing wayfarers with shelter from tho too fierce rays of tho sun, but taking caril that they elin.II have apples dud otltlir fruits ready to their hands ithd so bo ho iohgol' tempted .to outer the fields to steal rdw turnips. 