NEWS OF THE DAT. The farewell briquet to the Chief Secre tary and Professor Pearson took place in the Town Hall, Melbourne, last night, and proved an enthusiastic demonstration. Up wards of 730 gentlemen sat down to the tables, and the galleries were crowded with ladies. Air. It. Byrne presided. The Chief Secretary and Professor Pearson met with a van- r-nrdial welcome on enterin!' the hall and takirj their seats, and the toast of the Governor and the Guests of the Evening were drank amidst tumultuous applause. On rising to respond to the latter toast, the Chief Secretary was greeted with snch warm demonstrations as to be unable to Bpeak for some minutes, ana throughout his address he was repeatedly cheered. Professor Pear son, cm rising to speak, was received with eqnal warmth. Referring in the course of his speeoh to the rumor that he intended to go to England and remain thero, Professor Pearson stated that whatever might be the result of the embassy, it was his firm deter mination " to return to the colony in order to announce the result, and to assist in fighting the battle of the liberal party so long aa there was a battle to fight. A great sensation was caused towards the conclnsion of the. pro ceedings by some particulars given by Mr. J. Mirams, M.L.A., the chairman of the banquet committee, of a discovery which he Had made concerning" the way in whioh the State railways were used for party purposes by the M'Culloch Government He had found that the late Minister of Rail ways (Mr. J.. Jones) had given orders that persons who were invited to attend a banquet and ball at Beech worth, on the occasion of opening the railway to that place, should be carried free. Some objeotion" was made to that by the tratlio manager, when Mr. Jones made a minute to the effect that the persons, invited must be oarried free of coat. but there must "not be more than 500," Mr. Mirams observed that although the ostensible object of the carriage of that large number of people free of charge was to promote tho festivities in celebration of the opening of a railway, the real object waa to swoetheart the Beecbworth constituency on behalf of Mr. Kerferd, and that it cost the country no less than £1425. Tenders were opened yesterday for the oonatrnotion of the line of 'railway from Carlsrahe to Daylesford,. but no official announcement was made, as the tenders were referred to the Engineer-in-Chief for examination and report. The tenders were alternative for an iron or a wooden bridge oyer the River Coliban. Later in the day the Engineer-in-Chief forwarded hia report to the Commissioner of Railways, who thereupon accepted the tender of Messrs. Topham Angus Smith, at £S1,635 15s. 6d., including a wooden bridge. The follow- ing tenders were also aceepted yesterday, viz. a— For the supply of twenty sets of au tomatic brake gear, Messrs. Wright and Edwards, £759 ; 5000 split posts and 4000 jrails, Messrs. A. M'Keozie and Sons, £221. A deputation from the- Insurance Brokers' Association waited on the Chief Secretary yesterday, and was introduced by Mr. Mac- gregor, M.L. A. The objeots were explained by Messrs. Webster, Griffiths and Warner, as follows : — First, that the marine insur ance, which is now effected in England, could be done as satisfactorily here ; the money for that purpose which, under the present arrangement leaves the colony, would be by that means kept in circulation here. Secondly, that the Government shonld extend to the association, as a matter of pub- lic policy, their recognition by doing its business through members of the association. Mr. Berry said that it appeared to him that a strong effort was being made by the bro- kers to organise the profession, to place it upon a better basis than it had hitherto oc- cupied, and one that wonld be advantageous to the public. As such, he thought, it was . deserving of encouragement and support from the Government, which be would be happy to extend it, as far as this was possible consistently with a proper regard to the in- terests of the colony. He would be willing to effect the marine insurances in Melbourne and with colonial companies, if the associa- tion could show him that it conld be done as cheaply as it was done now in London. As to fire insurances and guarantees, he was desirous of putting the question upon a more satisfactory footing than it occnpied at present. He had received overtures from the insurance companies about which he had not had time to make up his mind owing to pressure of public business. He suggested that the association shonld take into con- sideration what definite proposals it could submit to the Government, which would tend to place those matters on a satisfactory basis, and he, or his representative in his absence, would be ready to give them his most favor- able consideration. Telegraphic communication on the North- eastern line was interrupted yesterday, and for some time it was thonght the Kellys had been catting tbe wires. Later on, Information forwarded from Beeohworth by the driver of the coach from Chiltern stated that a terrible thun der-storm had swept over the district, doing much damage. Nearly all the houses in Chiltern were unroofed, and the people were said to be rnnning iu all directions for sur gical assistance, as many persons are re ported to be injured. It was very late when the wires were restored. The weather yesterday was again execs- lively hot. The highest temperature in the ihade was 103.4 deg., and in the son 143 deg. The Governor has accepted the resignation 3f Sir Charles Gavan Daffy, M.L. A., as a member of the Royal Commission to super intend the carrying out of the recommenda tions of the Joint Select Committee ap pointed to inquire into the extent and cha racter of the proper accommodation required in the Parliament-buildings, aa embodied in their report, dated 19th December, 1S76, and adopted by both Honsea of Parliament ; an, 2 also to consider new qnestloda in con nection wiili the work, suoh as internal ar. arrangement and decoration, as they arise. An application was made to Judge Cope yesteivlay for. a. nonsuit., or verdict for the defendant in the case of M'Faddeo Mid wife ,T. Rowan. - The action waa to recover damages for improperly executing a warrant tosearch the boxes of Mrs. M'Fadden, who bid been acting as a domestic servant in the household of Mr. Andrew Rowan, she having been inspected of appropriating clothing be longing to the defendants family. She re fused to allow her boxes to be searched, whilst another servant did not object. On her boxes being opened, the only thing found be longing to the defendant was a coliar. On these facts the jarv gave the plaintiff £15 damages. The present application was made, pursuant to leave reserved, on the ground that there was no malice proved, and that the defendant hod reasonable and probable cause for searching the plaintiff's boxes. The court allowed a nonsuit. In the oase of Pojvell v. Gidney, in which verdict was on Thursday given for the plaintiff, damages £S6, an application was vesterday made to Judge Cope, by Mr. R. Walsh, for a nonsuit, on the ground that the cause of aotion — money received for horses sold in Ceylon— arose out of the juris diction of the court. The nonsnit was al lowed with costs, but proceedings were ordered to be stayed pending the decision of the Supreme Court. A considerable amount of work has been done in connection with the Melbourne Inter national Exhibition during the past week. The animal products committee held their first meeting on Tuesday, and adopted a cir cular to be issued to all interested in that - department, and the vegetable products committee have taken farther aotion in the same direotion. A letter has been addressed by Sir Samuel Wilson, chairman of the inter national oommittee, to the Premiers of each of the Australasian colonies, inviting co-ope ration. The gardens committeo have de cided upon a definite plan of action. The executive committee met on Wednesday, and received reports from tbe gardens, fine arts, and finance committees. Some im portant correspondence was also received, Amongst other communications letters were received from several of the resident consnls, informing tbe commissioners of the steps ihey had taken to aeenre the patronage and co- operation of their respective governments. In view of the impending holiday season, and of the absence of any important business to place before them, the executive decided not to call another meeting of the commissioners tnntil snch time as tenders for the Exhibition building shall have beeu received, about the middle of Jannary. The weekly meeting of the executive com mittee of the Intercolonial Juvenile Exhibi tion was held on Friday afternoon ; Mr. D. Beath occnpied the chair. There was a good attendance. A letter was read from tbe private secretary to the Governor,, stating that Sir George Bowen would accept the "position of one of the patrons of tbe exhi bition. Other letters were read from a number of leading gentlemen agreeing to act as rice-patrons.- The preparation of the list of vice-presidents was left in the bands of a sub- committee,, to bring up.at the next meet- ing. Several letters were received from municipal oonnoils to whom application bad been made, stating the matter would be fully considered. The secretary reported having sent 6550 copies of the first general circular, enolosing a slip asking for donations and special prizes. These circulars had been Bent to all tho colonies, and 2000 copies distributed throughout Mel bourne and suburbs. Baron Von Mueller had given a valuable book as a special prize, and Messrs. Thomas Bath, A. Hunter and J. C. Snilth, all of Ballarat, had forwarded £1 Is. each towards the expenses, and several gentlemen had promised to give special nrizes but bad not quite determined the amount nor the exhibits for whioh they would offer the prizes. The hon. secretary also handed in £2 2s., received from Mr. M. Byrne, of Elizabeth-street, and £1 from Air. W. Fleming. The trial of eafety-cages, at Sandhurst, was resumed and ooncluded yesterday. The only cage remaining to be tried was that of Pryor, of Egerton. Itwas rapidly lowered, add caught almost immediately, answering the test most satisfactorily in every way. The proceedings of the commission have proved without a doubt that there are cages which can be thoroughly relied upon as being safe in oase of breakage or accident of almost any description. At the City Court yesterday, Ira Aldridge, a colored man, was charged on remand with obtaining money by false pretences. The defendant, it was shown, had carried on a regular system of imposition, having by means of valueless cheques obtained money and goods from Ales are. V eoma.ua, Carroll, Stiles and otner business men. The de fendant offered no defence, and the bench sentenced him to twelve montna' hard jab or. A prisoner was remanded by Mr. Ake- hurst,. P.M., visiting jnstico to the Pentridge Stockade, a few weeks ago, for having a copy of The Age hidden in his cell, , On that occa sion tbe prisoner, in his defence, stated that some fellow- convict, who. bad n . grudge against him, had placed it there to get him into trouble, and in order to givo him aa opportunity to prove that Mr. Akehurat granted the remand. On Wednesday last witnesses proved that he had the paper prior to its being found in his cell, and he was sentenced to fourteen days' solitary confine ment on bread and water. The Curator of Intestate Estates has ob tained rules to administer the following estates: — William TnmlinBon (de bonis noti administratis), with the will annexed, Gipps- street, Collingwood, £51)0 ; John Stnckey, late passenger by the ship Loch Ard, and formerly of London, England, £1000 ; Alex ander Pergavie Young, Longford, near Sale, £361 Ss. 9d.; Charles Turner, Koonoomoo, county of Moira, £251 2s. Sd. The seventh annual meeting of the Anstrn. lian Widows' Fund Life Assurance Society (Limited) was held yesterday; Air. J. M. Pratt presiding. The chairman, in moving the adoption of the. report and balance-sheet, drew a comparison of the. present year's business with that of last year. The funds at the end of the last year amounted to £40,705, whfoh gave a substantial in- crease.of £12,200. Tbe renewal preminms amounted to £18,535 as against £15,027, the amount of the renewal premiums of last year. The. annual reoeipts on S47 policies amounted to £6500. The interest this year -was nearly £3000, as against £2113 for last year, and the gross amount received was £53,630 as compared with £39,600 for the previous twelve months. He observed that the sooiety had opened branches at Adelaide and Sydney, which promised a" lucrative business, but the annual expenses had natu rally been increased in consequence. Reply ing to an attack made npon the society by a Melbourne jonrnal, the chairman quoted the reports of two actuaries, showing that the state of their affairs was unquestionable. He also showed by comparison of statistics that the society compared very favorably with some which occupied a high position . and obtained a large share of puhMo confi dence. In conclnsion he moved the adoption of the report. Air. flSprigga seconded the motion, which was cart ried, several shareholders expressing tbeir satisfaction with the condition of the so ciety. Mr." Cowley pointed ont that the " loading" of the Bociety was 8 per cent, more than the real expenditure. Alessrs. Thompson Moore and J. M. Brett were re appointed members ot the directorate, and Messrs. William Boyd and W. Q. Sprigg were re-appointed auditors, after which the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to tbe chairman, the directors; and the officers.. Tbe body of a newly-born infant was fonnd yesterday morning lying near the fence of the North Williamstown State school. The matter was reported to the police authorities, who removed tho remuins to the morgue. Dr. Figg states that the child was born pre maturely, but could not tell whether it had \- ever breathed. Jn reference to the loss of tbe seaman, John King, of the barque Medea, as reported in The Age of the 14th instant, the following particnlars have been received from the cap tain of the vessel by the owners, Alessrs. Buddart, Parker and Co. : — Abstract from Medea's log book : Monday, 9th December, 1878\. — At half-past three p.m., civil time, lat. 38.52 S„ long. 147.27 E„ Wilson's Fro- montory S.W. by half- west, distant about fifty miles, moderate S. W. wind, and all sail ss t, vessel going six knots, A. M 'Kinnon, mate, and John King, A.B., engaged paint ing ship's side, abreast the fore chains, when King suddenly let go his hold and fell into tbe water. Immediately threw a life buoy overboard ; at same time threw the vessel into the wind, with main yard aback. Got ont boat, and sent her away with the boat- swain and three bauds, remainder of crew woiking ship to windward by short boards ; . continued doing so for two hours and a quarter, and although two .hands were con stantly looking out aloft did not succeed in finding the missing man. At fifty minutes past five p.m. got the boat in and proceeded on onr course." Signed, Chas. C. Leek, master; A. M'KreNox, mate ; D. Neil, boatswain. An inquest was field yesterday by Mr. Candler, at the morgue, upon tbe body of Win. Andrew Cracgr, sixteen years of age, drowned in the \arra on the 14th iust. Deceased lived at Richmond, and was bathing In the Yarra with other boys and got out of his /lepth. None of the other boys were able to swim, and they were consequently unable to afford deceased any assistance. The body was found on the 19th inst. The jury re turned a verdict of accidental death. The following cases of injnry were ad mitted to the Alfred Hospital yesterday : — James Coyle, a carter, residing at \VK;:ior, who had been- knocked dowfl and kicked about the body by a man with whom he was quarrelling, x in a hotel at St. Kilda. A boy named Barley, who wag run over by a dray, and sustained an extensive lacerated wound of the Ug. . A young man named Ganley, with compound fracture of the bonee of the leg, caused by being thrown from a buggy. A boy named Phillips, one of whose fingera had been torn off by the machinery in a, saw mill where he was working. The following cases of accident were ad mitted into the Melbourne Hospital yester day Amos Spike, forty years of age, a painter, living at Sandridge, suffering from injuries to his ribs, caused by a fall off a .ladder whilst painting; John Town, living at the Sydney Hotel, suffering from a com pound fracture of the arm, and two scalp wounds. Tbe injured man etates that he quarrelled with tho landlord, and was thrown down stairs by him. The annual performance of Handel's ora- torio, The Messiah, will take place on Christ- mas night, in the Town Hall. Arrangements have been made to reserve chairs, whereby the unpleasantness of crushing may be obviated. The solo vocalists are Miss Bessie Pitts, Miss Christian, R.A.M., Mr. D. Oliver, Mr. Skinner and Mr. Lamble. The organist is Mr. George Peake: principal violin, Mr. E. King; and conductor, Mr. David Lee. The performance at the ; Academy of Music yesterday evening, for the joint bene fit of Messrs. Henry Bracy and George Leo- pold, was under the patronage of the English gentlemen cricketers, who were present daring the entertainment. The programme consisted of Planqnettes Los Clooties de Corneville, and all the characters were sus tained with considerable spirit, the priucipal members eliciting well'-merited encores. To-nigbt, on the occasion of the closing of the English Opera season, one act of La Sonnambnla and La fille do Madame Angot will be produced. The theatre will be closed on Monday, and on Tuesday evening the first presentation of the Christmas pieoe will take plaoe. Last evening Miss Ada Ward took her benefit at the Theatre Royal, and made her last appearance but one for the present dramatio season. The piece chosen for the occasion was Lytton's favorite play, tbe Lady of Lyons. As Pauline, Miss Ward skilfully portrayed the strange conflict of pride and love in the heart of a banghty woman. In somo of the Btirring scenes Miss Ward acted with consummate ability, investing the character of the fair Pauline with a freshness and refinement rarely ex celled. Sbe was enthusiastically received, and at the end of each act was called be fore tbe curtain and honored with showers of bonqueta. M r. Carey appeared as Clande Melnotte, and achieved a success. In seve. ral parts of the drama M r. Carey rose to the dignity and grandeur of the sitnation. The performance concluded with the charm ing comedietta, My Uncle's Will, in which Aljss Ada Ward took tho part of Florence Marigold. To-night Miss Ward will make her last appearance as Mary Warner. At the Opera House last evening the per formance Whs for the benefit of Alessrs. Hamilton and Wheatloigb, who are just about concluding a successful engagement at this place of amusement. A capital pro gramme was provided. The emotional drama, Expiation, was performed, and was followed by the wake scene" from the Sbaughraun. Miss Annie Firmin and Messrs. Hamilton, Wheatleigh and John Jack took part in these dramas, and Mr. D'Orsaj Ogden gave recitations. It will be seen by advertisement that, the promoters of the Alouday popular coucerts will give an entertainment on Monday even ing at the Town Hall. A capital programme has been provided for the occasion, the list of performers including the talented pianiste, Madame Carlotta Tssca, and Miss Rosaly yerz, the ooprauo vocalist. , Mr. and Mrs. D'Arcy Read's extraordi nary ghost exhibition at the Athemeum Hall is contiuning to receive a considerable amount of patronage from the publio. This afternoon there will be a matinee for tho con venience of schools and families. The celebrated Blondenette lady minstrels are advertised to make their first appearance this evening, at St. George's Hall. The en tertainment, which is of a very novel character, should attraot a considerable nmoaut of patronage. In consequence of the town linll being otherw so engaged, there will be. no per/ormanco by tbe city organist this evening. At a meeting of the Victorian Operative Bricklayers' Society, held on the ltllli inst.. the sum of £20 was voted to the seamen on strike nt nydney. At a board meeting ot the Melbourne- Tvpogrjaphlcil Society the sum ot £10 was vuted on behalf "ot the men iu, Sydney on strike against the employment el Chinese labor. At a mee inz of tho Coffee Taverns Company, held on Thursday last, Xi r. \V.. M'Lea was elected chair man oi the directors. An executlvo committee was also appointed. The prospectus of the tompauy is advertised to-day. An attractive prngTztnrao is announced for tho People's Concert this evening at the Temperance ilall, Husstdl-slrcet. Mr. ami Mrs. Arthur Vivian will make their first nppea-auce iu a new comedy, en titled a Husiinna In Trouble. tectum against Npiriti-m, and It's Championsand Mediums, will be delivered to-morrow evening,- at half-past seveu o'clock. In the l'mhrau Tuwu Hall, by Mr. Camp'-ell, the AUHtralian busa missiduary. Tho meeting will he presided over ny an evangelist re cently arrived from Europe, America and Southern Africa. An examination of the telegraphy class was held at the Industrial un d Technological Museum on Thurs day, ltltli lost. The foilowiug students passed tne first four with credit : — Miss Florence D. Moors, Mr. Hubert bykes. Miss Nora Kenny, Miss Ada Inga- mells. Miss Annie M. J. Havles, Mr. It. O'Neill, Miss Lucie Landor, AlisB Mary itobuiBon, Miss Johanna Held, Miss iluth Marriott, Misb Rosa Matthias. Tho favorite steamer Williams will continiia her trips to Mnrdialloc on Sundays, weatiier permitting. She will leave Sandridge Hallway Pier on ai rival of the eighteen minutes past two p.m. train, cail in at St. Kilda at three p.m.t and then nr. Cced to herocsti- natlon. :>n the return tripshe will leave at a quarter past fire p m., I nch at St. Kilda to land passengers, -and reach the Sandridge Pier again in time to meet tho train for Melbourne. Tiie usual weekly meeting of tbo committeo of ma nagement of tho Immigrants' Aid society was 'held yescerduy at the Military Barracks, St.' Kllda-road. The state of the house wus reported as follows : — Number remaining iasr. week, 5 53 ; admitted Binco, 4 ; discharged, 22 : remaining, 204 wen, ISO women, and 101 children— in all. 635. at the same time last year there Were 20S men, 132 women, and 90 children. There are 120 men, 30 women and 10 children sick ;4 men atnnebrcaklng; 15 hag making ; 100 oakum pick ing, &c.; and 5 wurking outside; 12 women in tho laundry ; iG sewing ; 72 hair-teasing, Ac. Outdoor re lief was civen to 7 families, or 25 Individuals, on pre senting tbe relief cards of the society. 'iho usual monthly meeting of tho committee of tho Melbourne Orphan Asylum was held yesterday at the Assembly Hal). Mr. F. Moule presided. Ac counts amounting to £504 0s. 6d. general occuunt were passed for payment. The secre tary reported aa follows Admitted since last meeting — Boys, 3; girls, 3; total, 6. Removed — Buys, 2: girls, 8; total, 5. At present under charge of committee — Boarded unt, ISO. Serving undor in dentures of apprenticeship. 70 ; In cottage homes at Brighton, 135 : total, 335. Present debt on mainte nance account. £477 19s. 3d. It was also reported that several churches had promised collections ip aid ot tbe funos towards extinguishing the debt on maintenance account, anu thats -me additions to the annual listof private subscriptions ltal been obtained Iu answer to the appeal resolved upon at the last meeting. A letter was received alleging a case of imposition on- the funds ot the cnarity, and special iuquiry was ordered to be made. 