THE PEERYBIflGLE PAPERS. The Jeremy Biddler spirit which is the Mring principle of the great Liberal body, has 'rely been shown to better advantage than in the stupendous idea of gathering supporter b tram the oonntry districts by the bait of a free fUSS and feed for half a-guinea. It is an fcthittlottaly tulgar idea--sf the Yoomans and Idlrama order : and, so far, proper to its pur pose. Sat beyond this, it is a barefaced swindle : em audacioas robbery — a cheat, as criminal as any that ever sent man to Pent- lidge. What possible right has Mr. Berry and his Government to ohest the pnblio purse out of the legitimate fares of those who oeme from the! onntry to eat and guide in the company of oar ambassadors," and listen to the bald platitudes of tpie revolutionary trickster and Els pander— the Professor ? We know that the lending men of the Government are not honour able men ; that not alone in their public, but private careers, they have been anything but the "clean potato." But few — even of these Who knew them best, and, therefore, judged Worst of them — could have dreamed of this ttost monstrous fraud upon the public puree. The groftft btlbery and corruption, toe, is eo Shameless. The other day, Mr. David Henry Was sent to Pentridge for embracery. Was bis 'Crime greater than that of those who seek to Influence supporters by giving them a dinner . for helf.a-sovereign, and add the sop of a free ntlway passage? The vulgar bait is evidently His that hundreds at this season of the year WiM be glad to take advantage of the bribe in flKAer to visit Melbourne, who would certainly flcver have dreamed ef coming hither had the jlfcmotion been simply the dinner to Mr. Berry. Bet a free pass settles this business, and so the tiiiMf to our bow-legged embassy may prove "i«mfal.n II was rather a bre&oh; of good manners on the plC% of -Mr. Curtain, t'other night, to interro- flftts Mr. Goppin as to the objects of the Old Colonists' Association. Mr. Curtain was a guest, and in no Sense an old colonist, and it Would have been better, therefore, had he re served his inquirirtfora more fitting occasion. Bel as it was, he received a fitting answer. The association, I assume, was formed for the; par- pose of binding together those who are asso ciated with the early settlement and develop ment of Victoria. Afterwards it was resolved Is so far Increase the usefulness of such associa tive as to apply surplus funds to the relief ef twih old oelonists as had oeme to grief in their Ctruggle with the world. This was known to ICr. Oartain surely ; aBd for mypart, consider ing the positlen" of1 that gentleman as Mr. Popple's guost| 4ho other-day, I cannot but cob - SiderJris proas-jeXminatioB as haviugbeen in the most "wretched taste. And "yet to look at Osrtfdn; - rylght thiak that buttermilk would not melt in his month. || is to be hoped that the caterers for the frugal board on Friday night have borne in mind the difficulties which, at various times, have been experienced by ethers who, like themselves, undertook to provision the ; great liberal appetite. At Ballarat, some time ago, X remember tiiat one unhappy, caterer had to appeal to the law for the recovery of payment for buns, sandwiches, tea, add so forth sup plied to the admirers of Mr.' Berry, who had flatted the oity on a stumping tour. Again, Mr. Stntt experienced some trouble .with the Befoiui League people ; end I have heard that these last Were ejeoted fromHelr -last -haven of tshjfge because they oouldn't, or , wouldn't, jBftti their little bill. It will hve been but Aernmon prudence, therefore, if the caterer for the "banquet" of riday night 'should have tiimred themselves against W m?rf aub- foutlsil measures thai any promise to P»y_on . the part of the committee imay constitute, En thnslaatw we know, aib liable -to permit their foelings to rUn away with their judgment ; and tteqpiiit of speculation wTiloJi'leaas the gentle urn entrusted with tiie care of money te invest It in a pet scheme of hie ,own— jwhich mutt pay, you know— is Akifc'tohat wlqab in- Spires the admirers of our aipbasisdors to the bsMnf that any demons fcrationTin honour >of the M two fools who foolAe aU mibe sefolyispeoa- fotsd upon to return sufficient money to jsque up tradesmen's accounts. For: all this-p tw« but a speo— and I repeat, eatSMis have mooted hinuelVes against loss. I've a notion that the employinent of a body of blackfellows to hunt down the Kellys, on their own hook, would be what the newspapers term a step is the right direction. Your aboriginal is, of course, matchless in the bush. He can wriggle along the ground for miles, and approach the best-guarded camps unseen. Now, I hear that the black tracker who rejoices in the suggestive name of "Spider" has offered to settle accounts with Kelly if he and some dozen of his fellows be provided with arms, ammuni- tion, and food, for an excursion in pursuit of the game. Honestly, I think that the idea should be entertained. There is one especial reason why it commends itself to me. If some of the darkies were knocked over by the ruf- fians or their friends, it would, of course, be a regretable circumstance ; but it would be sheer affectation to pretend that we could not better spare Mr. Spider or some of his companions than half-a-dozen stout troopers. Moreover, the danger to the blacks, from the shooting of the murderers, would be far less than that which must be faced by troopers, for your blackfellow can dodge and twist among timber as no wood- cock ever dodged and twisted through a fir plantation. I've seen a Queensland black run the gauntlet of seven good rifle- shots, and, after all, pin one of He shooters with his spear. I really think that Spider and Co, could do the business. Meanwhile, and a propas of the master — how comes it that the Kelly sympathisers are permitted to openly avow their friendship for the assassins, and as openly to indicate that they afford them substantial assistance? Liberty of the subject is all very well; but when it im- perils the order and well-being of society, it is time to put it in irons. It appears that it is the opinion of the Im perial authorities that if an "Embassy" be sent to eonfer with Sir Miehael Hicks-Beaoh, upon Mr. Berry's idea of reform, ene ©f He re presentatives should belong to the Upper House. Here you have He proverbial love of fair play inherent in He TfogHwimm, and here yon may gather some notion of the re ception with which Mr. Berry's arguments will be met. As one-sided, and as coming from one quarter — and that an interested and prejudiced quarter — these arguments, even did Hey bear the semblance of trath, cannot carry mueh weight. And so, I suppose, we must make up our mind te revolution — with blood and banners of liberty, expulsion of capitalists, the rnle of the people, and all the rest of the fustian monthed by the Berry mob. Good lack — and we have, Up to this period, regarded Bombastes Furiosp as a burlesque. It is nothing of the kind. It is a proper reflex of a condition of affairs which exists. Nothing, I am sure, can appear more absurd to a sound and healHy and honest mind than this Tooley street business upon which Mr. Berry and his learned flunkey are about to set forth ; and I. defy He moBt grotesque imagination to oonoeive anything more ridieulons Han mast appear our am bassadors when they are . politely snubbed by the Colonial Office, and are told that they have had their trouble for nothing. And yet, not for nothing. They will have had their pleasure trio : thev will ham earn tlia tapM At th« nnni: a J WWW— V«_W ff W-WW WWWV of He country; and mayhap, "as honours lately have been strewn broadcast upon colonial mush rooms, they will return wiH a pieoe of riband and a few letters tagged on to their proper names. Meanwhile, Providence be thanked, we are to have my Lord Normanby among us. He wont stand Mr. Berry's humbug; nor is it likely that, in the absence of Mr. Berry, will the Irishman, who hints so darkly at deporting Governors, and severing onr connection with the mother country, find especial favour with one who is above party prejudices, and infinitely superior to the base schemes of interested politicians. AlftogeHer, what with He absence of» Mr. Berry, and the coming presence of Lord Normanby, He horizon looks clearer. There is one matter abont this Kelly blundering which, I think, shenld be ohecked, so far as possible. If the police are to be nn. hampered, it is proper that their plans Bhould not be made known to the oowardly hounds they seek by being pnblished in the newspapers. Again, why shonld the papers suggest schemes to Mr. Edward Kelly — such as eaptnring police men and holding tbem as hostages for free pardon ; or tearing np the sleepers of the rail way, and so on. I have no hesitation in saying that I believe He newspapers have assisted the Kelly mob to evade capture as successfully as their absolute confederates and friends. And worse — there are one or two journals the tone of whose comments is absolutely sympathetic We are fold how handsome the chief scoundrel is — how kindly he looks— how gentle in his manner towards women. Lastly, although it is stated that Mr. Edward Kelly's precious letter to Mr. Donald Cameron (I congratulate Mr. GameroB) must be withheld, as its contents, if published, would be likely to excite sympathy for the writer, we are informed that the letter itself " exhibits both ability and manliness in its construction and tone." Pah I has it come In this — that we can afford te think him manly who is a oold-blooded murderer — a oowardly assassin. Sympathy with such sneaking dogs as these ! By Heaven ! I would hold it a privilege to batcher them, one after another, as Hey butchered poor Soanlan, Lonigan, and lastly, He brave and estimable Kennedy. Away with saoh unwholesome maudlin sentiment. Look the troth in the face. These yoong devils are murderers. May Hey swing as high as TT.LTnA.nj and I be there to look at the delectable spectacle. We all know that young Australia is remark- abjy preoooious. Bnt Hat an infant in arms should have been so exquisitely sensitive to political prejudices, and party feeling, as to give tip He ghost when placed in immediate contact with a joufnal reflecting opposite poli tical opinions to t those which were doubtless in digenous toits nfant mind, is almost incredible. And yet we discover that, a few days ago, a baby met its death in oenseqnence of its face being covered with a newspaper. I have made inquiries, and am informed that the newspaper in question was the great " Liberal ' organ. Verily, as out of He mouths of babes oomefch wisdom, so, His instinotive repugnance of a Conservative in fant to any contact with the Government organ may teach us all a lesson. That baby shonld be canonised. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 