TAZYZWOVRTH. TH visitors to this place to witness the grand display made as the opening of the railway are nearly all gono homr, and the quiet and easy going people of Tamnworth are gradually settling down to their daily routine qf business; and although thle population is no -smaller, still, owing to the great influx of visi. toras last week, the place has nos'tho appear ance of a deserted town since they loft it, and it will take the people some time to believe that none of their mess are wanting. T'he Governor and suite had a splendid day's sport after kangaroos on the 17th, and the ladies showed that they could hunt and enjoy it as much as the gentlemen. The Governor has left a very favourable impression amongst the people here ias a gentleman, as well as in his official capacity as Governor of the colony, and many rbgret his approaching departure from the colony, and all wish him God speed in hIis new sphere of labour. The weatheris getting very lhoit, and many fear another dry season. Thelaterainshow ever, have dousea vast deal of good, andl really the crops look well, and feed is ample and luxuriantly green, and is pleasant to the eye to rest on. Flower, fruit, and vegetable gardens are really splen did to look upon, and all tend to make Tamworth pleasant and agreeable to live in; but, by.the-bye, house rents are outrageously high. F;mcy ls and ii;s per week for a four-roomed house. Men of of capital would do well to investa few thon sands in builing cotteges to let at a fair rent; and no doubt the rents will get higher in a short time, because tenders are about to be called for the extension of the railway to Armidale, when a great addition of population may be expected. The working rmen here have not the luxury of a cheap and good glass of beer as at New castle ; sixpence a glasn for next door to bottle or cask washings, compared with the famous poor man's beer,brewed by Wood Brothers of Newcastle, is really too bad. However, I saw Wood Bros. energetic agent, Mr. Blvdon, up here, and we may expect a parcel of the good brew shortly, I would advise visitors from down country to pay a visit to the beautiful gardlens known as "Little Paradise." They are well named, and will be found a pleasant retreat away fromn the mosquito scrubs around Neweastle. Even the ghost of a mosquito is not to be found in those gardens, which make them very pleasant and agreeable to the visitor. The native population don't know what to make of the trains and the carriages. They stand and look at their approach as if they were infernal machines, andno doubt to those born and bred in the bush, as many here have been, the sight roust strike them as some thing wonderful. Hundreds cf teams with wool, &c.;, are coming continually to thesti tion, where they meet with dispatch, and return loaded to the up country sheep and cattle stations. I have little news at present that would in terest your numerous readers, but I will en deavour to let you and them know that there is such a place as Tamnworth. Tamworth, Oct. 22, 1878. 