i ; ' ! THE MEDIUM. WALKER. I i TO Tllll EDITOR or THE AQE. . Sir,— As I am opposed to burabng in whatever form it may present itself, I shall be obliged if ' j you will give publicity to tbo following lines : — I j was preseut at tho Opera House on last Sunday j; night to hear Mr. Walker, the trance medium. | i The chairman announced that the medium would 1 answer nuestions put by individuals of tho audi- I ence. For this pnrposo twelve persons wero I selected, principally by that portion of tho audi- j enco who wero spiritualists. After tho twelve ' questioners wore chosen, tho spirit took posses- 1 Son of Mr. Walker. Tho spirit, by tho medium- I . ehip of Mr. Walker, proceeded to answer tho ' | questions put to it. It soou appeared evident i bow the littlo gamo was worked. Mr. Walker j bad been roll caning sundry little discourses and : !i bad them in bis head as pat as tbe Lord's Prayer, i and whatever question was given him ho seomed '! to mix it in with one of thoso little speeches. But, ! jj after all, Mr. Walker's outpourings can only bo II . considered as very weak drivel. A question was ; asked— Why have not tho spirits rovcaled vnlu- ; jj able discoveries in science instead of allowing us j.i to wail for so many apes until their ' if recent discovery? Mr. Walker's answer was— Tho spirits have often given mortals !| valuablo information (or, to use a sporting phrase, ! j the straight tip). Tlio spirits gave a description ! |j to Shakspeare of onr present system of tele- ' If eraphy. He further told bis audience that the il spirits had given tbe ancients some valuable l Information about Venus. Ho added that tho jj- spirits iu Venus wore of a superior in. L tellectual calibre to those of our earth, if Tbo medium also informed his audience ! bow ghosts or' apparitions wero mado ; I the spirits collected tbo particles of matter ! which aro being continually thrown off fiomttio ! human body, and by eome unknown process Dressed them altogether, and so formed a solid ghost. At this particular juncture an .individual in tho audience, became oxcited, and disturbed the meeting considerably, upon which Mr. : Walker becamo silout; still continuing in the ' I attitude which he iiad first assumed, hie heau I slightly inclined to one Bide, and bent down wards. Mr. Walker remained for Bomo moments ' ! in this position, ttk : j couunae'i, no dwmiw it fl'seat— Yours, Ac., ANTI-HUMBUG. j 23rd February. 