WEWS OF THE Day The order nisi catling upon themau Black to show cause why he should not he com mitted for contempt iu the . Master's Offio'e, was returnable in the Euuitv Ouurt to-dav before Mr Justice Molcswortb, Affidavits were read, detailing the abortive effortB, which hnd been made to serve Slaok.with'the t ruer of tho court, and jhis Honor thereupon made an order for substituted Bervioo, 'tie original rule to bo further enlargod fur 'a week. | At the City Police Court this morning Smith Brown, who haB bo frequently been re manded by the court on the charge of as saulting a girl named Ellen O'Connor, again ciune up on remand. The prosecutrix, who wiib evidently still in an exceedingly weak state, gave her evidence before the bench, which was identical . with that given by her in the hospital before Mr Akhurst, P.M., about a mouth since, when showas believed to beina dying stele. Sho stated that she wne no tbo 3rd May last in ,the service of Mies O'Fiahnrty, the landlady of the Loinetsr Arms Hotel, coiner of Lonsdale nnd Bussell etreeti; and on the afternoon of tho day in questiou the prisoner, and n person whom sho now knew as a man named Fox, . wont into the bar of tbo hotel whero she was, A disagreement nrose botweou the men alluded to before they were served with n drink, and the prisoner, taking in lemonade glass from oE the counter, said to Xrox, " I could cruah you sb easily as I could crush this glass," at tho same time butpug tbe glass across the bar, as if ha intsnduu tj break it against the wall, Unfortu nately for her, however, the missile etiuck tbo girl O'Connor on tho aido of her head, causing tho blood to flow profusaly. the was removed to tho hospital, whore bUo was treated bs an in-door patient for a week, when sho was discharged as an out- door patient. It appears that O'Connor pro gressed fuvourably for oome little time, but on the 17th of last month symptoms of brain sifection set in, and sho wan re-admitted to tbo hospital, Tho next day, according to tbe testimony of Dr Murray, the girl became delirIous,and her life for a time was despaired of. Indeed; now her medical attendant pronounca hot jense to be cxceediogly critical. The wound ox- tended on the aido of tho head down to tho bone. The outer plate of the skull was broken. Dr Moloney Btnted that the wound muet have been caused by a blaw of great vlolonce, Ho extracted several pieces . uf broken glass from tho wound, MisB O'Flabarty, the landlady of the icinsler Arms Hotel, and Constable Bytouth both gavo ovidonce that thoy saw tbe prisonor throw tho glass whioh Btruck the girl O'Connor. Tho lady, however, Btr.tcd that tbo glnss Btruck tho wall betorb it glanced on to the head of tho prosecutrix; whilst Policeman Byaouth positively de clared that whilst standing outside the hotol ho snw. the missilo - thrown by ' Brown with all his force, stiiking tho girl on tho he»d\befo'u_ .B'anced ofE on to tho wall. Mr Ae»d, wfiu appeared for tho acoused, stad thnt his client pot- aessed'only £17 -frtho wojid, wbioh sum he wohld willingIv'PreaaDb tcthe prosecutrix as some Blight ompensntirt for the injury he hud nni>c®nt.ionBlly onn8e"- her. Tho nnfortur"t occurrence wns puroly aceidon- n-d no ono rogretted it more than he ydrown) did. Tb« bench, hearing that invite extremely like'y thnt tho girl would . novo to undergo , n painful and dangerous operation, Baid theyUnd determined to remand tho case from tioo to time, with n view to scoing how the natter would terminate. Tbo accusod was admitted to bail in one surety in £G0. , .. ... ; A rnther oisatisfaotory mode of attempting to get rid a tenant oamo under tho notice of the imerald Bench this mornlog, 'A widow, named Winifred. Black, having lot her premises in Montague.street to a tousint who dit not satisf nctorily come np to her expec- tattort, wishodto have tho' house to borself 8jra|i, and accordingly, being rather elatod witt drink, beganito create a disturbance 'in tie verandah yesterday evening. As /son as a small crowd of onlookers and been attraotcd to the scene, she began to twist her bedy into tho most extra, ordinary attitudes, many of which consider ably overstepped tho bounds of decency. ,'A constable bolng sent for, she was lodged >iu tbe wntohouBe, and the local bench consider- log such a mode ot ejectmout by no means a desirable course for landlords in general t'j follow, eenthor to gaol for fourteen days 'on a charge of indecent exposure. At the Oity Police Court this morning, William Woodlock was wtjiv's.ual- 1"? ? qunpGjv f 'Jeweller; and wonting up- "pafolVthe property of his brother, who is tho landlord ol the New Zealand Hotel, Swanston Btreet. .The oironmstanooa of tho coso, as narrated by Detective Coleman, who made the arrest, nnd Mr James M'Kean, who appealed in support: of tho prosecution, are somewhat peculiar. The prisoner, they said, had Jbeen assisting his brother in tho honso for nbont 12 months past. Latterly, owing, it was broadly and openly stated jin court, to too groat an Intimacy occurring be tween MrB Woodlock aud tho prisoner, Mr Woodlock on ' Monday last gave 6ia brother £200 to leave tbe colony. On Monday night, upon returning home,, Woodlock' ascertained that not only hib brothor, but bis wife also had oloated out, the levanting pair taking with thorn I a quantity of clothing and jewellery, valued jat upwards of £26... After looking his prisoner up, Dotective Coleman proceeded to a house in Madeline street, Carlton, where he rc- cuyeiod a portion of the property, which jit is alleged had been stolen. Mrs Woodlock and the prisionar, the detective ascertained, engaged a room in the house referred to jin Mtsddlno street for 9s n week, in the namo of Mr and Mrs Clair. Tho case not being ready, the detective ' applied Tor a remand till next Friday, which wasgrantedi Mr' A/ JaOftd B6K6Q lor Dail, WQICQ WR9 granted in one anrety of £160, In leaving the dock tho prisoner looked oyer to his sitter-m-law, who was in court, end beckoned, her to go round to the cells, to Bpcak to bim. Mrs Woodlock hurriedly left the court, and on getting into . ihe passage attacked her husband with Iter umbrella, striking him ' several blows on the head aud shoulders. The accused, who is a .printer, , by profession, is, according to the police, a dangerous man, . In April, 1867, whilst curving a sentence in the'Geblong gaol, he effected his escape, and remained at large for some time before ho vv'as re-arrested. In the month of March, 1871, the prisoner, reoeived a sentence of.seveu years' incarceration for burglary and horse stealing. j The complimentary return ball .to the Bight Worshipful the Mayor of Melbourne and Mrs Pigdon takes place in the Town Hall. to-morrow evening. Plain and fancy dresses are to be admitted, The execatiye committee have spared neither pains nor ex pense in providing for the comfort and en joyment of visitors. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen will be present, and a large attendance is expected, ; It is rumored that the ghost impostor in B<chmond has been at his frolicsome tricks again. Last night he suddenly made Ilia annearanrn among a nrt,"p of m«i iu littvie litunox street, and though several by standers gave chase, he managed to get away. It will go hard with this would-be ghost should he attempt to play any mere of his tricks in the same locality, for the residents of Bich- raond are determined to try if he be " of penetrable stuff," nnd a number of ad venturous youngsters lie in wait for him every evening armed with sticks. I At the Cariton Police Court to»day', ia young man, named Cornelius Lynoh, was summoned for oruelty to a horeo iu his enre on the 11th inst. The evidence Bhowed that the homo had several seres under the saddle and collar, and was too weak to work from its mengro condition. Lynoh waB fined 10s, and £1 3s costs. No bnsiness of nny importance occupied the attention of the Brnnewick Police Court : this morning. Several persons were fined for allowing enttle to wander, nnd others for having nuisances on their premises, i ' Tho adjonrned revision conrt in connec tion with the certifying to tho rolls of persoriB entitled to vote for. the Legislative Council in tho Pentridge division for. the South Frovinco, was' hold this morning, before Messrs Bilchio ' and Mailler, ' J.P.'e. The adjournment nroscj owing to tho name of tho Bev Patrick O'Doaogkue appearing on tho general poll, and tho Bev. John O'Donohoe on tho ratepayers' roll. The registrar, Mr Philpotf, said that, to the bcEt ot his belief, .it was tho same person. The matler having been adjourned till this morning, tho presiding justices struck the name off the general list, when the rolls were certified to. Mr Candler held an inquest this morning, at the Mvlbonrno Hospital, on the body if a man named Antonio Suarez, a woodoaitcf, residing nt_ Kensington, who wao acciden tally killed by n'foll from a cart that ho was driving on the St. Hilda road on Friday last. The occurrence was proved to havo been purely' accidental, and tbo jury returned a vordict to thnt cifect. Deceased was a married man, about 60 yenrs of age. Yesterday afternoon (snys the Ballarnt Courier) as a ballast train was in motion near the Howard street gates, two loaded trucks broke away from it and dashed down the incline towards the Btntion. Fortunately the gate-keepers saw them approaching, and opened their gates to let the runarvayn through. When they came to Doveton street the gatekeeper at once Bhuntcd them on to the steep siding, where tbey wore brought to a slandatill by colliding with grent force against some empty trucks. The prompt action of tho Doveton street gatekeeper iB certainly to be commended, as otherwise the trucks would bavo dashed against the Lydiard street gntes, nnd assuredly havo com mitted great damage. One of thoso unhallowed creatures in the guise of a man who live on tbe proceeds of a woman's shame, named Thomas Foloy, waa breught before the Oity Court to-day on tho charge ef RPBnulting Jnst uight tho uuhappy woman with whom he was living. The case was fully proved. It appeared that both of them were intoxioated in their house in Latrobe street, and the prisoner, irritated into temporary madness by somo remark made by his paramour, foiled her to the ground, and brutally ill- used her till sho lost consciousness and tho neighbours rushed in to her nsBistance. Upon being told by the attendant females, after tho affray was over, that the woman was dying, tho brute remnrked, with the utmost snug froid, that he " would like to have the lust look at her," Mr Call, P.M., on passing sentence on th ruffianly scoundrel, administered such a scathing lecture to him, thnt, had he tho slightest foaling, ho must have felt himself a coward. Foley was sent to gaol for six months, nt the expiration ef which time ho will bo required to find two sureties in £26 oach to keep the poitce tor & further period ot six mouths. He has ' I served repeated sentences in Pnnf-i,i„ . housebreaking, See, 'ol The Bendlgo Advertiser states that durin„ the bearing yesterday in the Court of aJ.i 8 of a case of stabbing preferred Safe young girl about eighteen years of Je very curious facts wero elicited in rofer to a Chinese ball, given ot tho iamp 6 bark. The prosecutrix was a very vm.nl" g rl, and stated that tho occurrence toI place at a ball given in a Chinaman's hotel at tho camp, which waa attended bv ah„„! a dozen European youths and young women The prosecutrix loft the ballroom ,!j went out into tho open air, whore she 'hart . conversation with tho prisoner's " vonn man. ' The prisoner evidently grew iealnn.8 for she attacked tho other girl and a final ensued-, whioh endod in tho girl Walsh h!i stabbed in the hand and breast. The '' vn. B man," n very pronounced type of a cnriTi6 clnss, "cleared out," as ho termed it, lea,. '11 the women to settle between them the f«5 |M» eligible youth . It appears that ?h. ball at which this wretched incident tmi ploco wbb held in the bar of a hotel, and t? musio supplied waa a .iin-whistie Tif prisoner was found guilty of a oomn aEBoult, aud it would appear that tho Chinese Camp is a noted place where munv v7 women are ruined, as was illustrated hi savernl of these unfortunates, who BDn»«r»X in the court yesterday. The poLefS fore, ought to oxorciso a striot watchful over the proceedings carried on in hS hauntBof tho "heathen Chineo." Dr Livingstone was enoo greatly troubled by a Hotteutot convert, becaup.e he would not "put off ' Sunday and push on 1,2 lomo work 7U >;?<pd. while 7 WftS.bar was favorable. They seem' to manage these things belter in Horsham. One of its journnls commences a paragraph in a rccont issue by the words » Hospital Sun day waa held in Borsho.m and district on Tuesday last, when tbe. wether being fine there wbb n good attend, anoe," As the wea ther was presumably o'cher than fine on the previous Sabbath the 'tsot of the committee in postponing the; effort was admirable. We learn frcm th'a Ballarat Courier that what might easily have been a very serious accident occurred on Monday aftornoon last to Mr John Bird, M.L.A. for Granville Tho hon. member war/ riding from 8mytUesdnle to bis own residence, when, opposite' the Cemetery, his horse fell vsry heavilv Fortunately Mr Bird csoaped with he worse' injuries thnn o, few scratches on the face and a severe shaking, arid was able to go "down to town on Tuesday to attend to his Parlia mentary duties. A correspondent observes This is an idea which may take form in the hereafter, The ' prowesB of Geelong footballers was so will exemplified last 'season, that they! aro in separably identified now with the game, it wo have lately vied with the old oountrv iu rifle-shoeting, and taught them a few \- wrinkles in rowing and erioket, would itnot be possible to take advantage of the notorioty Australia has gained, and send home a team to iUBtruct them a little in football, and especially in the essential differences between the Bugby and tbe Yiotorian game? " Mr W. Tlbbets, the landscape paintsr, his just completed an illuminated address, which ia intended for presentation to ox-couucillor Turner, on the occasion of that gentleman retiring from the Prahran Town Council. The sddreBB expresses the regret of a num ber of the ratepayers at the retirement of Mr Turner from the . council board, and refers iu highly eulogistic terms' to the services rendered by him to the ratepayers of , Prahran iu his capacity of 'councillor, Tbe design of the illumination is both novel and pleaBing, aod dosB infinite credit to the artist Mr IibbotE, The top of the address is takon np with a picture of the private residence of the recipient, whilst nt tho foot ia a water color drawing of the Prahran Town Hall,, On each aide of the addresB are scrolls of English flowers, beautifully painted, whilst on tbe foot of each side is no Australian landscape in miniature,. The address, which is handsomely framed, is on view at the premises of Messrs VV. H. Bocke and Co., OollinB-atreet. Tbe Melbourne correspondent of some of tho country papers writes Some time since a Truant Inspector named Scott wsa com mitted ' by tbo magistrate presiding over the BoobeBter Police court, Mr Webster, for twelve hours for con tempt of court. Mr Scott applied to the Education department forjaBoard of Inquiry, and as a preliminary the papers connected with the case have been referred for inquiry, with tbe result that the Government have been advised that Mr Scott's committal did not arise out of a mistake as has been alleged, but thnt Mr Scott acted in a manner whioh was regarded as most contemptuous of the court. The facts of tho case aro in the pes session of the Education department, and I do not think it at all likely that Mr Scott will get his board. 