) OUR AMATEUR THEATRICALSJjAT.i j ) BOOLONG-. He jests at sears who necer felt a wuuad, — Ro.mko, ) ( One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, J of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, I was when he made his first and only appearance as Jan \ actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at liis ' own bouse iu Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad i r conceived that he was born to be an actor— to tread the I ' boards like the great Gannck and the elder Ivean — but it j ) was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after bis ! ) peculiar (Ze&df; .On finding the Melbourne and S3'dney j V managers unwilling to give' a' perfect novice with blearing, j . : red.haiivand a turn- up iiiose, an appearanceiin: " Hamlet" ' at any of their several theatres, 'he resolved to "take the ; ' bull by the horns" and got up a company of his own down ) at his' place at Boolong; . He; went bo enormous expense ' ) in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, havin.g J sceueiy paiuted— for Baiiburp was determined to do the j thing: well and in tip-top style. He gptbtogether' a kind j ©f scratch coiiipany, man3'- of them like hunself, i-aw am- j ' bibiotis amateurs, eager " to fret their hour upon the ) stage," aind one or two seedy outcasts of the . profession ; ) and lie Ipoked forward to the production of his pet pla3p V "iTamlet," himself as the Prince, with much e.xeitement, ' hot unalloyed with pleasure. ; The amateurs, alitor about a ) month's'bonstant rehearsal, were jiretty perfect in their V words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of : them'forgot thenr.,; ; The . scenery hit'ched ; the Ghost was ) into.\icaled, and the King' likewise ; Ojjhelia, an amateur, | v Burst into a neryous; fit of .tears, before she said a dozen ; lines. Banbiuy was.roared at by the local persona.gcs who i ) assembled to asslsf 'at the arh'ateur performance. But this was not the wjoit, for 'Banbury-foiind that when the bills ' came' ih theexpense was twice As large as he bad expected, ) and he, could, not meet theni.; ".The fellovys,'":he used to say, V ". allow.ed 'me tp'have whatever I wanted on credit, because ' they'khew.that m3' rich uucle' iu Adelaide, a strict Method- ) ist, would pa3ii tliem, but tknew very well he would do no . such ihlng Avheu he fpii.hd'bhe3' were, for theatrical trap- ' ' pings, for if there was one thing lie held in abhorrence it ) was the theatre." .''i'hat. was he to do? . His uncle would disinherit him, turn him biit of the house ha had furnished ' for him, and send hini.adfifkpn the vorVd. . What was he ( to do?.' His cueditoi's. would not wait .and he Avould be a misciable'pauper.. . But fbr alibhis L did not lose his ' hddse,'a:nd-- his poOr 'uricle'kfoftu'rie is in the 'bank in his I name, thanks. to. the timely .aid of. pne.w7tp is a friend to the drania as irwlldfioilicfest o/'i/td'iearZri!, who advanced ' him the heedfiil. Need we sa3' his n.amei No ; all know ( bira ! But we may as well 'remark' it was 'the| of the distressed, ' .. .DAVID:. HEN.RY-.iof oT - Collins street east,. Who, has fro.in jlo tp .£!(), OOQ to.ieud ou notes of hand, bills J of lAale; (with ; or without ' security), salary orders, life policies,' certificates, 'deeds', hill of lading/ legacies, goods, ) -merchandise, on expected remittances, or on' moneys per- \ sons im.ay he entitled to from. England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the conveuienee of borrowers. ) Bills- discounted dail3'- at the lowest rate of interest, and mortgages from G per cent. 