THE LIBERAL LEADERS ASD DISESTABLISHMENT. The most puzzling feature of English Liberalism is the marked and increasing divergence between Liberal leaders like Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Forster. In the same paper is to be found proof that Mr. Gladstone is gradually drawing away from his original position as a Churchman to wards the Nonconformists, and that M%*. Forster is laying aside all hi3 Noncon formiat traditions in the attempt to m-^ke himself a good Churchman. The pro cesses are differently carried on in thz men. In Mr. Forster's case it is perfectly self-consciou3, but in Mr. Gladstone's it is rather an unconscious process of drift ing than a progressive conviction. He does not approximate to the Noncon formists on their own special ground, but again and again he finds himself working with them in general politics. He sym pathizes with them avowedly on the Burials question, and unavowedly in their objec tions to the Education Act as amended by Lord Sandon. He is at one with them, or rather they are with him, on the Eastern question. They look to him aa their future leader on disestablishment, or the man who is to educate Lord Hartington and to render them independent of weak-kneed Liberals like Mr. Forster. Latterly, when. Sir. Gladstone has thrown himself on public sympathy, his appeal has been specially addressed to the Nonconformists. It cannot have been forgotten what a eulogy he bestowed upon them in hi3 speech at Holyhead. Shortly afterwards they held a Conference in Farringdon-street, under the presidency of the Rev. Newman Hall, who read a note from Mr. Gladstone, saying ' he was not surprised to find the. Nonconformists both stanch and active in this crisis.' How does it stand be tween the same body and Sir.' Forster ? His great speech at Bradford before the opening of the session showed that the breach with them which deprived him of their support at last election is not healed yet, but is rather widening. He and they know that a crisis is imminent at next general elec tion, and they have given him fair notice of open war. Ali the world now knows from the right hon. gentleman himself that he has ceased to be in any sense a champion of religious equality, and that if his Dissenting constituents force the issue upon him he will fight them again, as he did before, with the help of Church votes. The present situation of Bradford — still pre-eminent among Liberal burghs, and represented by a man who was once spoken of as Mr. Gladstone's successor, but fallen practically into the hands of the Tories through an ex- member of the Society of Friends, who boasts of his secession to the Church as a proof of the highest Liberalism — is surely a strange sign of the times in the old country. Mr. Forster's recent career is a singular specimen of development in politics. The quondam Quaker proclaim ing that he is not a peace-at-any-price man, that he believes in the duty and the necessity of war upon occasion ; the ex-member of the Society of Friends declaring that though he was brought up to consider a State Church as an intrusive evil he no longer holds that view— what could the advanced Liberals of Bradford think of him? They groaned and fidgetted, and some of them even hooted his laboured panegyric of the parochial system and the parochial clergy. In picturing the conse quences of disestablishment he dwelt grandiloquently on the fact that ' at this moment there is not a place in England, n country parish however remote, in back slums in any city however squalid, in which there is not a minister of religion — a State servant whose business it is to care for the highest good of every man, woman, and child in these parishes.' To this fancy picture the Bradford Liberationists responded ' Bosh,' and a gentleman on the platform is reported to have said something which sounded even stronger. When Mr. Forster went on to state that he was not pre pared to ask the State to dismiss those servants, he was again answered with im patient cries of 'Nonsense.' He and the Liberationists made it so hot for each other that at the close of his address he virtually defied them to do their worst : — ' I am grateful to you,' he said, ' for your past confidence. I am proud to represent you. I should be loth indeed to change you for any other constituency. It would not be with a. light heart that I should leave your service, uor, let me add— I hope without presumption— ought it to be a light matter with you to turn me off. Now, I have been told publicly and privately, and by not a few persons, that upon what I should say this evening upon the rela tions of Church and State depended whether an attempt should be made to prevent my return at the nest election — an attempt made by those of my constituents who generally agree with me upon; other matters. Now, I have tried as best I could to tell you my views and feelings upon that question.' And then he concluded with a charac teristic argument for delay. He did not ask them to be influenced by any personal consideration for him or for his seventeen years' service in their cause, but to think calmly what would be the best policy for themselves. ? They had been told that disestablishment was not a question of practical politics. They could not think that it was going to come up either in this Parliament or in the next, and he put it to them if they were on such a speculative ground, passing by all the important questions which would come up in the interval, to refuse him their support. His suaviter inmodo turned the meeting, and before it closed Mr. Forster and his constituents seemed to be again pretty well satisfied with each other. The vote in his favour was carried against a few dissentients, and the old truce was patched up once more. But it hardly needs to be said that the armed neutrality of the Bradford Libera tionists cannot be permanent. Mr. Forster's treatment of them will be far more aggravating to reflect upon than it was to bear at the time. While the man was before them courageously pleading his defence they could not forget what he had done for them in these seventeen years of his representation ; they could not shut their eyes to his essential merit as a politician and a philanthropist ; they could not be unaffected by the enthusiasm of a great assembly on behalf of an illus trious townsman. When they had vented their dissatisfaction on the special point of variance . they were compelled to let their broader and more personal feeling3 prevail. But they are sore after the conflict, and it is apparent that their bitterness will increase. Mr. Forster has broken away from them now as he never did before. He has openly and publicly cast in his lot with the Church and practically with the Liberal Conserva ? tives. He has become a Peelite in fact, and it cannot escape the attention of the Liberation Society that a few years more of disestablishment agitation may make him a Conservative outright. He is a new factor in the party as distinct from Lord Hartington as from Sir. Glad stone. His Lordship is notoriously devoid of ardent personal convictions on Church policy. He is free from the vehement sympathies and the passionate love of the ideal which governs Mr. Gladstone, but he als-j lacks the religious enthusiasm which makes Mr. Gladstone a power on any question temporal or spiritual that he may take up. His disestablishment policy is . one of indifference, which he avowed with almost cynical plainness at Edinburgh. 'This is not in my line,' he as good as said, 'but when your Scotch membera have made up their minds to have it we shall consider how it is to be effected. As for meddling with the English Church, my present opinion is that that ia impracti cable.' This sort of encouragement for the Liberationists was in a wholly mistaken ke}'. It grated on the moral feelings of those who regard disestablish ment as a spiritual duty, and it gave the defenders of the Clmrch° a pretext for stigmatizing the whole agitation as immoral. Mr. Forster perceived Lord Hartington's mistake, and made his own use of it. Had he liked ho would have' been the man to correct it. In toning down the ruffled feelings of his constituents, he told them that whether they voted for him or against him they would not find, either on this question or any other, that he was a man who waited to see which side was to be the stronger. If he agreed with the assailants of the Church, he would not wait until they were strong before he joined them. Ho would. not wait for public opinion to be formed,, but he would take part in forming it. Thus Mr. Forster, who years ago wa3 regarded as the future leader of disesta blishment, has become one of its 'most influential opponents. On this question ho not only diners from his leader, but ho repudiates as dishonest the policy which has been formally submitted by him to the party. In taking this stand the member for Bradford has indubitably alliod him self to a losing cause. Events are a3 certainly marching on towards disesta blishment as they are towards universal suffrage, and the influence of Mr. Forster in the other scale, great as it may be, will not matemlly postpone the inevitable issue. It is bootless to enquire narrowly into his motives, but the step he has now taken is perfectly consistent with the view that lie is paving the way for a coalition with the present leaders of the Commons. The British Army. — Although the turn that affairs have taken in Eastern Europa has dispelled the fear that England was about to be involved in war, it is a source of no email satisfaction to know that the nation is well prepared for all emergencies. From a statement made by the' Secre tary of State for War when presenting the army estimates to Parliament it appears that the army is thoroughly organized and in excellent condition. Picked troops to the number of 110,000 ? are ready for active service, and in addi tion there are the auxiliary and reserve forces, consisting of 400,000 men, which can be called out without delay, so that England is now prepared to put 510, 000 well armed and well- trained men in the field should necessity arise. A reference to the ? numerical strength of the army in past years shows the forces have been con siderably strengthened. The total number of men in the home and colonial military establishments in the year 1877-78, opart from those serving in India, was 133,720. These figures include the staff of the militia forces. The latter num bered 134,500 men ; the yeomanry avalry consisted of 14,830 ; tho volun eer forces numbered altogether 174,241 men (officers included) ; and the reserve iorce, including enrolled pensioners, con sisted of 30,000 men. Exclusive of the troops serving in India the total number of men was therefore 493,291, bo that there has since been an increase of more than 10,700 men. The amount of the Estimates is not stated, but we find that the Estimates for 1877-78 amounted to £14,538,700, and a supplemental grant of £0,000,000 has recently been sanctioned by Parliament. It ia highly satisfactory to find that such active step3 have been taken to prepare the forces for service. It is of essential im portance that England should be well pre pared at all points at the present time, for it may be that during the next few weeks she will be called upon to take decisive action. The preparations that have been made both in the army and the navy during the past few months afford satis factory evidence of her ability aud readi ness to meet any difficulty that may arise out of the rapidly-approaching Conference of the European Powers. ? » Victorian Politics. — The Assembly in Victoria has refused by what ia called ' a strong party vote' to authorize the pro duction in Court of certain documents bearing upon the proceedings taken against one of the Deputy Returning - Officers of West Melbourne for malfea sance of office. The application wa3 cer tainly an unusual one, and in the absence of further information we see no reason to dispute the propriety of the decision arrived at. We take it for granted that the Court has the power to require that documenta bearing upon the cabo shall bo forthcoming. In pursuance of his policy of bringing the country and all its in stitutions under the sway of himself and his tyrannical majority Mr. Berry an nounces that ho has been casting about for ways and means of establishing a National Bank of Is3iie for the benefit of land selectors. Thero is nothing outrageous in the idea of a Government Bank, but the evident idea of the Ministry is to use it as an engine for bringing to terms the financial magnates and the financial establishments which have the audacity to run counter to his designs and to defy his attempts at dictation. There seems to be no crusade too quixotic for Mr. Berry and his col leagues. At their bidding the current of economic laws is to be diverted into new channels and the framework of Bocioty dislocated, and all for tho noblo end or serving the selfish ends of themselves and the blatant multitudes who do thorn homage. As a matter of course tho resolution submitted on Wednes day to change the wholo finan cial arrangements of the colony on the mere ; authority of the Berryites of the Assembly willbe agreed to, and to-day the House is also to be invited to declare in favour of extinguishing the Council aa at present constituted, and creating in its stead | a Second Chamber, constructed on the English constitutional model, for the ' purpose of securing to Victorians that full measure of parliamentary and respon sible government which is enjoyed by the people of Great Britain.' These are brave words, but vague withal. One natu rally ? f eek curious to know what this Upper House upon the English model as defined by Berry and Company will be. Is there to be a set of live colonial Lords, having the Berry seal of nobility upon them, or how is the non-elective body to be created '! The only thing certain is that the members must bo minions of tho Ministry, prepared to register the deci sions of the needy majority who no*v control the destinies of Victoria. Defence of Colonial Pokts.— In at least one respect the visit of Hia Excel lency Sir William Jervois to England will be particularly well timed. It will ba seen from the European messages which we publish this morning that a proposi tion has emanated from the Colonial Office that a Committee of naval and military officers should be appointed ti- ?- determine upon a plan for the defence of colonial ports. His Excellency's connec tion with this colony, apart from the high reputation enjoyed by him in military circles, will enable him to be ex tremely useful to such a Committee. His views on the subject are known. In the memorandum on the defences of tbe colony presented by him to Parliament during its last session Sir William gave it as his opinion that the best safeguard against invasion or attack would be found in a naval force, and the remark extended to all the colonies alike. Sir William has, moreover, intimated his intention of bringing the matter before the Imperial Government with the ob ject of ascertaining their view upon a scheme for the naval defence of Aus tralia, which he very properly regards as the most efficacious course to adopt. We have endeavoured to show that the British squadrons in the China and East Indian stations as well as in the Pacific afford great protection to the colonies ; but for all thai there has been a very wide spread feeling that they should in them selves be as well prepared to defend their shores as their means and circumstances will permit. The Colonial Office has recognised this feeling in the preparations that° are being made now in all the colonies, and it is these which have probably prompted the step which is now proposed to be taken. There are many matters for consideration in connection with the subject, but it is clear that if some such arrangement aa that suggested by Sir William Jervois can be arrived at on terms satisfactory to all the colonies it will render our coasts far more secure than if each colony possesses its own war-ship. A flotilla of four or five powerful ironclads subject to one ad ministration would undoubtedly prove the most effective, and act as a salutary check upon the designs of would-be marauders. The control of such a fleet and the distri bution of its original cost and subsequent maintenance among the various colonies will present some difficulties ; but these need not be insuperable, and may be smoothed over. In this respect also Sir 'William Jervois's advice will prove of great use in the consideration of any scheme. It is certain that no other matter calls for the union of the colonies so much as the defence of their shores and their people. Executive Council. — His Excellency the Administrator held a Council on Wednesday, at; ?which five Ministers were present. New. Justices. — The following gentlemea have been appointed Justices of the Peace: — Messrs. T. W. Scott, Far North; J. H. S. Blood, Beltana j'W. J. KingsmiU, Beltana; W. J. Paull, Blinman ; and J. Warwick, Angipena. Kaptisda. School Board.— The Government have appointed the following gentlemen a Board of Advice for the School District of Kapunda : — Messrs. D. Nock, BLP., 'Win. Lewis, J .P., M. H. 5\. Blood, M.D., K. Kankine, JJP., and H. T. Morris, JP. Adelaide Fibe Iksueees' Association.— Mr. Samuel Higgsr 'of Queen's-Chambers, has been appointed Valuator to the Adelaide Fire In surers' Association. - ' : Australian Combined Cricket Match. — Arrangements have been made for the Combined Eleven to play their return match against a South Australian Eighteen, on the Adelaide Oval, on April 5, 6, and 8. The ordinary Cup Hatches for April 6 have been fixed to take place on March 23, that being a day set apart for a special match. It is expected that the Combined Team will leave Adelaide about a week after the match, and go direct to England in one of the Orient Line steamers. Death of a Child at the Catholic Oefhanwjb.— The City Coroner (Mr. T. 'Ward, J.P.), having received information of the death of a little boy, aged two years, named William Penfold, at tbe Catholic Orphanage, Burnside, he proceeded there on Wednesday afternoon to make enquiries. The statement of the Senior Sister and two others was taken, and it was of such a satisfactory nature that the Coroner deemed an inquest unnecessary. There are 60 children in the building, the sleeping apart ments being provided with every comfort, and the Sisters apparently taking much interest in the little ones entrusted to their keeping. Arrangements are being made for regular medical attendance. Thb Aet Exhibition.— There was a very fair attendance of visitors on Wednesday, March 6, to see the display of works of art in the Town TTn.11 ana hear the organ recitals. Several additions have been made to the collection of pictures, and amongst the amateur artists' pro ductions may be mentioned two very well executed oil paintings by Mr. C. Strother. Miss Hambidge, a young lady who is developing a taste for art, has sent some meritorious land scapes in crayon, one drawn from nature, and also some coloured photographs, which as speci mens of colouring are very good. Bubea School Boadd.— The Governmeni: have accepted the resignation of Mr. Jno. Drew as a member of the School Board for the District of the Burra. Commissioner fob Taking Affidavits. — The Government have appointed Mr. J. EL Gordon, solicitor, of Strathalbyn, a 'Commissioner for taking affidavits. BoAHDnra- etrr Society. — We are requested to state that during Miss Clark'-s temporary abseuce from the colony all communications having reference to the Boarding- out Society should be addressed to Miss Spence, College Town. New WssLBrAN Church at Nobwood. — Sir. William Rhodes laid the foundation-stone of a new 'Wesleyan Church on the Parade, Norwood, on Wednesday afternoon, March 6, in the presence of about 200 persons. In the evening tea and public meetings ?were held, at -the latter of which Mr. J. Colton presided. The proceeds of the services amounted to mere -than £200. Pbbvhntion OF.-SToac-STEALnfa Association. — A meeting of gentlemen interested in the for mation of a Society for the prevention of stock stealing took place at White's Arbitration jooms on Wednesday, March 6, when the deed of association was adopted and a Committee, Bankers, Solicitors, and Secretary were ap pointed to carry ost 'the objects of the Associa tion. Teh Eainfall and Pastoral Pp-o^erties.— Jirom enquiries made in Adelaide yesterday we .ascertained that the heavy rains which have visited us during the last few day3 have unfor tunately not extended to some of the runs in ?the Far Xorth, or, at all events, that tidings of such a welcome downpour are not yet to hand. Theie are a few exceptisns, however, and among those who will benefit materially from the late rains is the Hon. G. O. Hawker, M.P.. who .yesterday received from the manager of his ?Cariewerloo Hun, about £5 miles west of Port .Angusfcu a telegram stating that there had been 'splendid rains' in that locality. About a week ago Mr. Hawker was informed that 2.^ inches of rain had fallen on aaother of his runs — at Warraweens., near Bom&e;, in Xew South Wales. Db. Browne's 'Expeditions e* the Noeth. — :- Ihrough the courtesy of Mr'. Eajward we are' informed that JUr. Aiired Woods £id the party of which he was leader have reached the Peake tMroute to the vast runo which Dr.Browne some ?time ago took up in tie Northern Territory. Tbesecoasistof 2,233 sqeare miles -sf country on the Newcastle Waters, and 6,517 square miles on iie Katherise and Fitzmaurice Elvers. It will be remembered that Mr. Woods and the pioneer party started from Adelaide abcr.it the middle of November last. A second party, con sisting of a dozen men under tta command of Mr. Alfred Giles, are expected to begin their journey to the Territory to-day. Sey will take with them about 30 horses and a large number of cattle and sheep, the latter of which are to be picked up on the road, being at present at Uooborowie. Adelaide, - Kensington,- and -Nojlwood Building Society.— At the monthly meeting of *his Society he! J on March 6, Mr. E^WJSifcfcin, ?TP., was unanimocisly elected Chairman of the Board of Directors in room of tha Hen. L. Glyde, resigned. Me. G. S. Fowieh.— On Wednesday, March 6, a deputation from the District of Barosaa, consisting of Messrs. W. F. Wincey, Esq., J.P., E. Clement, J. Ferguson, and W. M. Short, with apologies for absence of Messrs. J. H. Angas, JP., and John Warren, J.P., waited on Mr. G. S. Fowler. J.P., and presented an mfluen tial requision from 346 electors in that district asking him to become a candidate for its repre sentation in the House of Assembly. It was explained that there had only been four clear days in which to get signatures, and that other wise many more would have been obtained. Mr. Fowler thanked the deputation for the honour done him, but said that after due consideration he had decided to accepS the invitation given him by the electors of East Adelaide to become a candidate for the suffrages of his fellow citizens; and he is now a candidate for East Adelaide. Mr. Fowler informs us that we mis represented him in the paragraph report which appeared in Tuesday's Reg -sttr of the deputation which waited on him asking him to become a candidate for East Adelaide. We reported him to have said that he had received a requisition from Barossa, whereas what he actually said was to the following effect :— ' That under standing that a requisition was being nume rously signed in Barossa asking him to come forward as a candidate for that district, and that it could not be presented till Wednesday next, he could not give them an immediate reply, and that if pressed to do so he must give it in the negative, as it would be very discour teous towards the Barossa constituency for him to give an answer until he had their requisition in hand ; but that if they would allow him to defer his reply till Wednesday, when he had the Barossa requisition in hand, he would be pre pared after careful consideration of both to give i reply on Wednesday afternoon.' SUPBEME COUET, CEnONAL SITTINGS.— The :alendar for the approaching Criminal Sittings is unusually heavy. There are no fewer than 19 trials set down on the list which wa3 pub lished on the 25th ultimo, and since then there have been 7 additional committals. Many of bhe cases, as will be seen from the following malysis, are of the gravest character, and likely to occupy the attention of the Court for a con siderable time, notwithstanding they are so dis posed on the calendar as only to extend over trom Tuesday, the 12th, till Tuesday, the 26th instant. The crimes and offences are thus classified : — Murder, 4 ; attempt to murder, 1 : 3hooting with intent to murder, 1; shooting with intent to maim, 1 ; rape, 1 ; manslaughter, 2 ; attempt to commit suicide, 1 ; attempt to procure abortion, 1; assault with intent, 1; aggravated assaults, 5 ; indecent assaults, 2 ; arson, 8 ; bigamy, 2 ; unnatural offences, 2 ; stealing from the person, 8 ; stealing from dwelling-houses, 8 ; forgeries, 9 ; laTceny as servants, 2 ; larceny from vessels, 2 ; larcenies, 8; larceny as a bailee, 1 ; housebreaking, 1 ; false pretences, 2 ; threatening to accuse of a crime, 1 ; assaults on peace officers, 3 ; nuisance, 1 ; abduction, 1 ; false personation, 1 ; obstructing a railway, 1 ; assaults with intent te rob, 2 ; and horse-stealing, 1. According to the calendar, Biicke, the professional singer, who was com mitted on a charge of murdering the unfortunate girl Morgan, is to be tried on the lesser offence of attempting to procure abortion. Special Ceicket Match.— There is ti be played on the Adelaide Oval to-day a match which should prove a very interesting one, and we hope will be but the first of a series of annual college contests. It is between elevens representing the Colleges of St. Peter and Prince Alfred, and should the weather prove favour able a large attendance of 'parents and friends' may be expected. The following are the names of the teams chosen : — St. Peter's College — H. S. Lloyd (captain). F. Spiller, W^Scott, E. Moore, J. Ramsay, W. Murray, H. Simms,R.Burgoyne, F. Belt, J. Anstey, and — Chapman, and E. Tolley (emergency) ; Prince Alfred College — F. Sbarland (captain), F. Manning, M. Lowe, J. Creasy, F. Attiwell, A. Catt, W. Henderson, A. Davenport, C. Davenport, D. G. Evan, and Eowe, and F. Priory and S. Holler emergency. The umpire for the latter team will be Sir. Holman. Play is advertised to begin at half past 1 o'clock. The Traffic on the Poet Railway.— In reference to our paragraph in Monday's Register having reference to . the working of the Port line of railway on Saturday last, we have been informed that although the number of passen gers travelling was in excess of the average only one train throughout the day was so late as three minutes in starting, uud this delay arose from the late arrival of a main line train. We have further been advised that all the ticket issuing offices on the Port line are open without interruption during the business hours of every day, and that until a couple of mouths ago lots of tickets were to be had in bulk at all stations, each one available on any one day. This latter arrangement has, however, been allowed to fall into disuse from the fact that during the more thaa two years which it prevailed not £30 worth of such tickets were sold. Grapes foe the London Market. — We have often said that the calling of the fast steamers of the Orient Line at a South Australian port would among other things be the means of encou raging the export to England of various articles that at present are over-produced in the colonyand of comparatively little value on account of their abundance here. A reference to the exports of the Lusitania will show that this kind of trade is already being opened up. Mr. G. F. Ind, of Para dise, the well-known fruit exporter and wine grower, has shipped by that steamer t» London abouthalf a ton of grapes, principally of the mus catel and doradilla kinds. These varieties have been selected as he consideis they will best stand the voyage. Mr. Ind has adopted a different mode of packing to that followed by Dr. Schomburgk in sending fruit to the Paris Exhibition, and some .interest will be excited to learn which process best stands the test of a sea voyage. Mr. Ind purposes sending another shipment by the next steamer of the line, and by that time he expects to hear by telegraph some news as to the arrival of the Lusitania and the sale of his fruit. If the expeiiment proves successful he will probably export most of his grapes to the London market. Mr. Ind has packed a box in all respects similar to the cases he has sent home. This he will retain, and open as soon as he hears of the arrival in London of the Lusitania. He will thus be able to ascertain what effect time has hid upon the fruit, and what may be the probable state of his shipment. It may be added that in December last grapes were selling retail in the London market at from lOd. to 6s. per lb. We shall await the result of this experiment with interest, as if successful a new market will be opened for an article that can be produced here without limit, and which at present scarcely repays the cost of cultivation ?H. J. Johnstone's Pictures.— There ar3 two oil paintings by H. J. Johnstone now to be seen at Messrs. Wigg k Son's exhibition in the Town Hall, and they may rank among his best pro ductions. One is a picture of Pilot Rock, Columbia, and the artist has chosen an evening effect, which he has succeeded to perfection in giving. The foreground is rilled up by a sheet of -still transparent water, in which the reflec tion of the boldly- outlined dark rock in the background is admirably painted. For the other picture, which as a colonial scene secures most admirers, the painter has taken for his subject a place near Strathalbyn, known as Picnic Gully, and in this he has managed to give a thorough colonial afternoon effect just at a time when the glare of the ordinary summer's day is .giving way to the softening influence of evening, and precisely the period when a picuic is most enjoyable. There is something in the atmosphere of the painting that suggests the time and testifies to the skill of the artist, who seems to be particularly happy in his interpre tation of colonial scenes. 'There is a pretty little piece of water in front flanked by some picturesque boulders, and at the re.ar are several stately gums, making a South Aus tralian scene which is both natural and pleasing. The two pictures are to be sent back to Mel Ixmrne for the Art Union of Victoria. Catholic Ywung Men's Society.— On Wed nesday evening, March 6, a well-attended meeting of memoers of the Catholic Young Meu.'s Society was held in St. Francis Xavier's HaK, the 'Vice- President (Mr. C. Jamas) occupy ing tke chair. Several members were nomi nated ,to the various offices of the Socieiy, and the evening closed witb well- delivered recita tions and dialogues, lbs annual meetiag will be held next week. Moonta Bat Jetty. — Complaints are 'made, and justly, ioo (says the Wallaroo ?j'a&j;), that tenders have uot been called for the extension of the Moonta Bay Jetty. The fact of this work not being earned out is eau»ing greai incon venience to the tradespeople of the three towns, as the eteamers calling in there frequently ground before reaching the jetty, and this delay prevents the Kangaroo reaching Wallaroo at her proper time, viz., Friday mornings. ' We hope the Government will see to this matter at once, se the money has been on the Estimates now for tjso years, and was passed last year. A Sad Aefaib. — Our Melrose correspondent, writing under date of March 4, says : — u A very melancholy event has just happened here. Some few months back a young ntsui, established in a respectable business, became engaged to a nice young girl who was born in this township. The latter had been staying for a short time at Port Augusta, but returned according to arrangemeat about a fortnight ago to get married. The day was fixed, the house was prepared ready for the reception of the happy pair, and the wedding dresses and even the cake were made ; but as the young girl appeared to be unwell the marriage was postponed for a few days. The poor sufferer became worse, and finally succumbed to typhoid fever. She died yester day at 2 o'clock p.m., and was buried to-day. A gloom has been cast over the township, the parties being well known and respected. The deceased was only 17 years old. The funeral was largely attended, and the Rev. Mr. Edmeades conducted the service at the grave. Much sympathy is felt for the afflicted friends.' Meeting at Yatina.— The meeting adver tised to be held at Yatina on Wednesday, February 27, to consider the advisability of petitioning the Government for an extension of the telegraph line from Jamestown to Yatina was, owing to the small attendance, postponed till the following Saturday evening. A meeting was then held, at which it was unanimously agreed that owing to the great and increasing imrortance of this large district telegraphic communication with the metropolis was most urgently required, and a Committee was formed to draw up a memorial on the subject for pre sentation to Parliament, and to obtain signa tures to the same. The question of the Yatina Races for 1878 was then considered, and a Com mittee and Stewards were appointed to carry out the necessary arrangements for the same. Woek at the Moonta Mines.— The Wallaroo Times learns that a number of old tribute pitches will be reset at the Moonta Mines, which will give employment to a number of miners now idle. The same journal also learns that, as a result of the continued depression in the copper trade, about twenty hands were dis charged from the mechanical department of the Moonia Mines on Saturday, March 2. Inteecolonial Cable Conference.— Speak- ing of the propesed Conference to consider the cable question, the Argus says that the Victorian Government is not committed to any line of policy, but its prepossessions are in favour of adopting a new route rather than of duplicating the Port Darwin cable. Roebeey at Jajiestown. — On Monday nigh*, March 5, some thieves forced an entrance into the store of Mr. J. Coombe, of Ayr-street, James town ; the lock of the till was picked, but only a small sum in coppers was there to be stolen. The amount of goods taken is supposed to be inconsiderable, and from the traces left behind them it would seem that the robbers were no novices in the art of burglary, and were probably expecting a 'haul' in cash. It is understood that the police are in possession of a definite clue to the offenders, who will doubtless be in that case visited with summary punishment. Blinman. — From this locality our correspon dent writes, under date March 4, in the following disheartening strain :—' The drought continues with its manifold disasters, and sheep and cattle are dying on every hand. The necessaries of life are at famine prices, and those who can get away from the Blinman are leaving it utterly discouraged. Three years' drought! Only those who have experienced such a calamity can understand what it means. Men, women, and children shut out from all the elevating influences of civilized life, with nothing to look at but one ve st Sahara. Mutton and bread for their food, and no vegetables, except an occa sional supply of potatoes at 30s. per cwt. and onions at 6d. per lb.' Bazaab at Jamestown. — A bazaar was held on Monday and Tuesday, March 4 and 5, in the Institute Hall, Jamestown, in aid of the funds of the new Catholic Church now being built. The attendance, considering the state of the weather, was decidedly satisfactory. On Tues day evening, in spite of very unpromising weather overhead and very muddy streets underfoot, the hall was well filled with a lively crowd. The proceedings were enlivened by occasional selections of music, and it is under stood that the proceeds will be a substantial help to the building funds. The Rev. Charles Clark.— The Argu3 of March 2 states :— ' The Kev. Charles Clark will commence a season of his popular lectures in the Melbourne Town Hall in about a month. Mr. R. S. Smythe, his business agent, arrived from Sydney yesterday in the City of Adelaide to make the necessary arrangements. We observe that the Otago Times states that Mr. Clark, on the occasion of his 14th consecutive lecture in Dunedin. announced that he had resolved to suspend his New Zealand tour, which has been a great success, for six months, in order that he might visit the principal cities of Australia during the winter months.' The V.R.C. Attttoin Meeting. — In reference to the- piobahilities of the second and third days of this meeting, l: Augur,' of the Aus tralasian, says : — ' Oa the second day the Hurdle Race of two miles opens the ball, but the weights have not yet been declared. I fancy The Diver and Terrick Terrick for the Corinthian Cup. The 15 horses left in the Australian Cup are nicely handicapped, but all so lightly that the 13 that did aot accept had not the ghost of a chance, and their owners acted wisely in withdrawing them. The Diver, I presume, will be reserved for the Corinthian Cup ; but all going well with Newminster I should think he is a certain starter, and as he has been doing good work since he ran so well at Geelong I don't see why he should not finish in the van upon thi3 occasion. I've a most exalted opinion of First King over this distance, for he is undoubt edly the best stayer Australia has ever seen ; and fit and well I shall look to him to emulate the deeds of Gasworks, with whom Mr. Wilson won this identical race ; and she, as a three-year-old, carried 8 st. 5 lbs. easily enough to victory, though the field opposed to her was not so strong as the present one. SpaTk and Imperial are 'kittle cattle,' and one or the other may win, but I don't care to stand such uncertain animals any more, though I shall not be surprised to see either win. Imperial is being put through the mill at Williamstown, and Spark at Flemington ; at the latter place Timothy does his work, and is still the grandest goer in the land. There is just a doubt about his getting the distance, but if he could, 7 st. II lbs. should not stop him. He is one of the most perfect horses that ever carried a saddle, and as Yeomans will have him in excellent form he may astonish those who imagine that he cannot get the distance. A few mornings aco he went once round the ground in very, fast time, and as he gallops like a stayer, I shall not be at all sur .prised to see him lun into a place. Savanaka's performance on New Year's Day wa3 a first-class one, and as he has but 2 lbs. more to carry, he will be hard to beat -f lie is in the same form. At Geelong he looked very miserable, light, and thin, and his hair all the wrong way ; but a little spell makes a wonderful difference in a horse, and if this weedy-looking brother to Kingsborough should happen to be nicked again, and the followers of the St. Albans stable put down the pieces with a will, then will there be a sensation in the ring. Adelaide will have to improve upon her Tasmanian performances to have a show, and I think she can do this, for I fancy she was slightly amiss at Hobart Town. Laertes is a good animal when thoroughly fit, which he ought to be by nest wrek, and Pardon, who is always re markably well treated in the handicaps, should have a show if she can get the distance. Of the -others I prefer Swiveller, who, with New minster, First King, Savanaka, and Timothy, ought to furnish the placed horses, though I shall look to Swiveller or Newminster to win. For the Grand Stakes commend me to Waterford and Lockleys, and Studley and Hawkesbury for the £100 Plate. The Newmarket Handicap will produce a stirring contest on the last day of the meeting, and I prefer the two top weights, and Waterford, Salisbury, and Rawdon ; my choice for the actual winner resting between Waterford and Salisbury. I don't think First King can give Chester 7 lbs. over two miles, so I shall plump for the latter in the Town Plate. Sooth sayer or Philistine ought to win the Fleming ton Stakes, and I like~Syphon and Greystones best for the Steeplechase, though tkey have to make no mistake if All Fours is well.' River News. — The following were the heights of the rivera at the localities mentioned, as re ported at the Telegraph Office on Wednesday, March 6 :— Darling— Wentworth, 11 fee* 4 inches, rising; Brewarrina, 10 feet, falling; Bonrke, 18 feet, still rising slowly ; Murray — Enston, 4 feet 8 inches, rising ; Murrumbidgee —Hay, 4 feet 6 inches, rising; Balrauald, 7 feet, falling; Wagga, 1 foot 9 inches, falling ; Walgett (junction of Namoi and Banrou). 16 feet 9 inches, falling. ' j The Ltjsttahia.— This vessel having taken op a position in the offing some distance from the Semaphore Jetty made it rather a lengthy journey for the passengers and their friends to and from her. The weather on Wednesday was, however, tolerably calm, and the steam launches were kept pretty well at work. The Lusitania did not start at the appointed time, bat picked up her anchor shortly after 4 o'clock, and was eery soon away down the Gulf. The total number of passengers from all the colonies is 317. The Ketch Mayflower. — The Secretary of the Marine Board has placed at our disposal the following copy of a telegram received on March 6 from Mr. Hogarth, Harbour-Master at Minlacowie: — 'Ketch May flower havingdragged mchor has gone ashore, and is now lying near ligh-water mark.' Vital Statistics. — The number of births and leaths registered in the General Register Office luring the week ended Saturday, March 2, were: — Births, 83 males, 75 females; deaths, 28 males, 19 females ; total, 163 births, 45 deaths ; excess of births, 118. The District of Adelaide — Births, 37 males, 27 females ; deaths, 15 males, 11 females; total, 64 births, 28 deaths; excess jf births, 38. The Intercolonial Bqatrace. — It will be seen by reference to the telegrams that Mel bourne has been successful in the boatrace igainst the sister colony of New South Wales, rhe race is said to have been a magnificent ane, but the Sydney crew appear to have got idrift about a mile from the winning-post, thus giving their opponents every chance . of winning, which they succeeded in doing =asily by nearly two lengths. The following are the names and weights of the two crews : — New South Wales. Victoria. st. lb. st lb. W. E. Benson, tow 10 1 K. 'Ward, bow ... 10 10 J. T. Arthur, 2 ...11 2 J. Booth, 2 ? 11 2 J. McKensey, 3 ... 11 1 'W. Bray, 3 ? 11 8 W. Brett, 4 ? 11 11 J. L. Irvine, 4 ... 11 0 J. Wilkinson, 5 ... 11 12 'W. H. Tuckett, 5... 11 13 r. Strange, 6 ? 12 8 J. M. Simpson, 6 ... 11 4 \V. Dind, 7 ? 11 5 T. B. Young, 7 ... 12 11 C. Medcalf, stroke 10 2 G. Fairbaim, stroke 12 2 W. Thomas, cox. ... 5 7 F. Edwards, cox. ... 5 6 An Expensive Mantle. — The writer of 11 London Town Talk' in the Argus says :— ' The most interesting subject among the ladies is just now the 800-guinea mantle, which Messrs. Debenham & Storr had advertised for sale by auction, and to restrain which the Court of Chancery has been appealed to for an injunc tion. The Vice- Chancellor, it seems, 'hardly thought there could be an article of the kind so valuable,' and the counsel for the mantle said there was probably not another. This is not quite true, for I remember the fur coat of the Cesarewitch being appraised, when in England, at about the sum in question. But for all that this is no doubt ' a duck of a mantle,' and the indignation of the female public at learning that there was an objection to its being sold by auction was excessive, not that they all wanted to buy it, but see it. (^Mantles, by- the-by, seem to improve by keeping, for this very one was sold in March last for 460 guineas.] The secret of the 'injunction' was that the noble lady, its nominal proprietor, only known to the auctioneers, as they said, 'historically,' had not paid the whole purchase-money for the article in the first instance, and I am afraid that it was La a manner in pledge with some Viennese pawnbroker. Conceive the herror of proprietor, auctioneer, and pawnbroker if the moth had got into that mantle !' [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] Me. G. S. Fowler. — We understand that this gentleman has declined to stand for the Barossa District, but that he has intimated his intention to become a candidate for the representation of East Adelaide. Aitatrs in New Caledonia. — A correspon dent of the Sydney Evening News, under date February 21, writes as follows : — ' Mr. Higgin son has been unsuccessful in his efforts to form a new Bank, and, contrary to my expectations, the Government here are not yet instructed to pay the liabilities incurred by their protege the Bank of New Caledonia. There is no money coming in, and the place has been regularly pumped dry by the representatives of three - Sydney Banks. Works and mines of all kinds have been stopped, a reduction has been made in the salaries of the officials by the Government, a considerable number of the staff have been sent home by the Navarino, which sailed yester day,and people areleavingthe place by every op portunity — lb last mail, 60 leave by this out going mail, and I understand 350 left by the Navarino. Disease and death have been busy since my last, and many respected and deserving citizens have gone to their final resting-place. Altogether such a scene of woe, misery, and wretched ness, I suppose, has never been wit nessed before ; and the coup de grace to the colony has been given bv the Government granting to Mr. John Higginson, of this colony, the little favour of 300 men for 20 years, the men to be fed and clothed by the Government, Mr. Higginson paying the men the munificent sum of Id. each per diem ; and, to sum up, I see no remedy unless speedy assistance is given by the Government but for Noumea to compound with Sydney. Some £5,000 per month was ex pended by Mr. Higginson in working theBalade Copper Mine, but immediately there will be an end to this expenditure, as Mr. Higginson will be enabled to work the mine gratis. I must explain to you that Mr. Higginson has a speciality as to mining contracts. He made one ?with, the Government some years ago, whereby he erected sugar-mills, plant, &c;, at Bourail ; the Government had to supply sugar-cane, a great number of tons per year, and to make a great quantity of rum, half of which would revert to Mr. Higginson — the contract was for 20 years (the Government like this period — 20 years — for some particular reason) The Government could not fulfil their con tract, and it was estimated Mr. Higginson was a loser to the amount of— or properly speaking, if the contract had been carried out, Mr. Hig ginson would have made £28,000 a year by the contract, or £560,000 for 20 years ; so to com pensate Mr. Higginson the Government gave him 300 men for 20 years, on the terms above stated. Mr. Higginson not expending £5,000 per month on the Balade will only effect a saving in the 20 years of £1,200.000, and whether copper is £70, £50, or £40 per ton is of very little con sequence to Mr. Higginson. Of course, Mr. Higginson is perfectly right to make the best terms he can with the Government, or any insti tution, or any individual ; but for the interests of the colony at large, I consider it would have been better for the Goverment to give Mr. Hig ginson even a sum like £300,000 cash, if he would [accept it, and cry quits. However, the Government have made the second contract with Mr. Higginson, which I consider far more foolish than the first, and the papers were signed yesterday. This is how we do things in Noumea.' Adjouened Inquest at Poet Adelaide.— The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an adjourned inquest at the Port Admiral Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday morning, March 6, on the body of Samuel Thomas, a fireman, who died suddenly on board the steamer Lady Diana, on Monday afternoon. Mr. E. Hounslow was Foreman. Elizabeth Thomas, the widow, said her husband left home at half-past 8, remarking that he felt in good health. He never complained of illness, but he had had several times complained of the great heat of the fireroom. Deceased was 31 years of age, and had been married three months. Edward Mortimer, M J)., deposed that with Dr. Toll he had made a post-mortem examination of the body. Found the brain extensively softened and effusion of blood into the ventricles of the heart. Thought the man died from sunstroke The excessive heat of a fireroom would produce the same symptoms as sunstroke. From tlw evidence of Mr. Fairweather, engineer, it ap peared that the temperature of the firerooai would be about 130°, and he expressed the opinion that something could be done to lessen the high temperature of firerooms. The Jury returned a verdict that 'deceased «lied from the excessive heat of the fireroomof the steamer Lady Diana.' Albeeton Baptist Chtech. — The bazaar held on behalf of the Manse Fund of this church was .concluded on Tuesday evening, March 5. It opened on Saturday afternoon with a stock of articles valued at about £120, and continued on the Monday and Tuesday evenings following. The schoolroom, in which the bazaar was held, was furnished with a quantity of fancy goods and useful clothing, besides some Chinese toys recently brought here by the ship Harbinger from Hong Kong. The net proceeds amounted to about £80, leaving a large stock of goods to be dis posed of at a future date. The followirg ladies served at stalls :— No. 1, Mrs. Niell and Miss Day ; No. 2, Mrs. J. Kisely and Miss Goodyear ; No* 3, Mrs. Widdopp and Miss Soper; and the eZothmg stall, Mrs. Hancock and Mis3 Parry. Misses Lowe and L. Soper had charge of a Christmas tree, and Miss Bridgman presided st tfce refreshment stall. 