SCRAPS. Katubal ' PLO webs.-When" wearing ' these, insert them- in a small glafi'atube filled "with water, Sold on' purpose.'. If worn'as a garland they must'be wired. A 'correspondent of the Quien says: I-always wire them, 'aawell as wrapping the' stalks indump cottnn wool, which-1' hide1 with a' leaf or a bow of ribbon.: I find th'er keep'quite fresh, during the'evening;; if put iri: the bodice; where, they cannot: be crushed'or daniagtd in 'dancing. Run two wires through a rose,; crdsawayty bend down* tho' ends,: atid .fasten them round "the stalk. The wires'run easily right'through the flower. REAL 'STYLE."-There ,are .men.to .whom no money or success can over, give a hair a breadth of real ." style/' and otherswith whom it ia toLbe seen froni beneath their rags.A housemaid has. it, and her lady with'sixteen quHrteringa .h-s'nqt; ^ my lord?, is (destitute, and his valet ondowed.In art and ia literature wo seo .it very fully, rery plainly marked; in speech and pronunciation; in tho way . in which people couie.into aroom or step intoacarriago; in the verymauoer .iii which they shake hands, nmke, aii introduction, return a greeting^in all thiqgsof porfional lifo is4/style" important and infonniag.-j,x;.,: %.{..«.»:: DACCA TtfusLiwi~lja(ica';,had7oncy a great reputation for i!H >fab'ric8l'qf muslin,' but the manufacture has in tho present day drooped to Tho delicacy of the textare waa ignified^'sayc the British Trade Journal, by he native expressions of aft- raxen, or "running vater," and ahab-nam, or lt night-dew.*' \musing anecdotes are current about the enuity of the Dacca xnualin. One kind, it was iaid, could be produced only by bright moonlit ?rights, .when the atmosphere was heavy with lew. Light, but not too strong a light waa necessary for the artificer to see bia work, and lamp to moisten the thread and to facilitate .the process of weaving. The texture would enap in the midday heat, and, in a recently- published ftccoant of the process of manufacture and em broidery, we are expressly told that water in shallow vessels must be kept just below the web. .. A cow is naid to have 'swallowed a' whole breadth of muslin, left out by mistake on the gra£s, without perceiving it; and the favourite daughter of the Emperor Akbar was gravely rebuked by her father for appearing before him undressed, as he said, when ahe waa in' reality swathed with only forty yards of thisvtery Dacca muslin! YIOLBT Povtdeb.-Many peraons at ;the present time will be glad to know how, to dis tinguish readily a pure " violet powder.''. They may proceed aa follows. Place a pinch of the powder on the palm of the hand and rub hard with the finger*. The powoer should'be smooth and perfectly free from grit. Examined in a strong light, it should be uniform in ap pearance and very slightly glistening. Mix a teaspoonful with a little water into a paste in a tumbler, filled up with briskly boiling water from the kettle-a slightly opalescent liquid should be formed. If the slightest deposit of heavy gritty, powder should be, seen on .allow ing the tumbler to stand, the powder should be unhesitatingly rejected. Thislastteatmay.be varied by stirring a.teaspoonful into a. tumbler of water'and allowing a gentl" stream of water to flow into the tumbler and away over its edge, gently stirring all the while. All the powder should thus wash away in a few minntea and leave no deposit behind. In fact, true pure violet powder should behave aa what it p'o fesses to be-i.e., pure starch powder scented with a little ground orris-root. . ""Webx GEOEOK thb Thibd WAS Kisg.'V The pursuits which the world of fashion follow in the present day are 'widely different from .those our grandfathers and grandmothers were wont to .witness, and the march, or rather, full gallop, of intellect has produced wondrous changes. The old, . quiet, respectable, dull, slow, humdrum routine has given way- to the fast railway pace, and those that do-not go ahead are considered " regular muffs " In bygone times no young lady could be. seen abroad except under the surveillance of a rigid chuperon in the person of a mother or maiden aunt. Hansom cabs were not in prospective existence, and, had they existed, no well-bred married or single women would have entered them. There were few female .equestrians, or, as the late Charles Matthews called them, 44 j^-equestrians," to be m;t with in the parks. A n early breakfast, followed by a walk in the square or Kensington Gardens, attended by a maid; an hour's practice on the pianoforte, a dancing or drawing lesson, occupied the time until the ghost of a luncheon-cake and home* made wine-waa announced. Then a drive in the heavy family coach in Hyde Park, between Apaely House and what is now the Harble Arch, constituted the afternoon's amusement. Five o'clock tea was unknown; and at six, or half-past »ix at latest,-and that only in ultra fashionable houses, dinner was on the table a plain substantial meal, as unlike the apician feasts of the present day as the flickering flame of a farthing rushlight is to the brilliancy of the new electric light, as the old flint and steel fowling-piece is to the breech-loader,- as the Hampton Court holiday van is to the Queen's State Carriage, or any other comparison that may suggest itself to my readers. An occasional visit to a private box at Covent Garden or Drury Lane (for there were no stalls, and the publio boxes were deemed only, fit for the plebeians), or an evening at the King's Theatre, where la .crime d& la gathered to talk, and receive visits in their boxes, more than to eujoy the strains of a Catnlini, Gr&saini;, or Naldi. . With the exception of a children's or young peraons' party to Asrley'a or Saddler's Wells, no other minor theatre was over attended by the female aristocracy. The balls generally commenced at tun o'clock, seldom lasting later than one, lemonade, orgeat, white wine'and port negus, tea, cakes, and the small est,^'thinnest sandwiches, were all the reireah ment the tired dmcers had to invigorate them after a long, tedious country dance, or grace ful minuet. What a contract doea this form to the treadmill drudgery, called pleasure, of the present London season ? Let me give in the form of a fast young lady's diary: "Called at ten. Head the Morning Fpst; breakfast, tea, toast, and a grilled bone in bed or dressing- room. Twelve-horses at the door-a ride in Rotten Row until half-past one, whenj as horsy cousin Frank said, ' all heads were turned to the mange?',' Arglicfe luncheon. Luncheon at two; first-rate Budmington and champagne enp well iced. An hour or two at Prince s; four till seven a drive iu the Park: Dinner,half-past eight, ball at twelve, sitting down supper, ?oup, &c.;, champagne ad libitum. Cotillon at half-past three, home at four.'* " Fashion Then and Xoic,'* by Lord William Pitt Lennox. .. . . . THEIR REASONS.-During the Ruwo-Turkish war there were two volunteers lying- beneath" their blankets,-looking up at the Stars in-the aky. :. Says J«ck : "What made you volunteer,' Tom" Well/- replied Tom, "I had-no wife, arid I loved war. '"What made you join tho:Turki8h army, Jaok?'- "Well," he re*' plied, "I -had:a wife, and loved peace, eo I went.to war." ' .- : UNUSUAL 'SEVERITY.--A man was recently convicted in Southern ,Germany of'murdering one tif a* family and attempting to poison four others. ^ The judge' naturally thought "that sucl^aheinouii orime.1 should be jmnfsned -with more'than usual seventy, arid so. sehtenoed the murderer .to t death and -.fifteen. years* 'im* pcuonaftiit*"'"' * . . ^ " 4 