THE O PENIN G OF PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. FBIDAY, MAY 3L THE OPENING SPEECH. His Excellency the ADHQnsr&ATOR; of the GOVERNMENT attended in the Council Chamber at twelve minutes past 2. His Excellency was in judicial coBtume, and was accompanied by Lieut.- Colonel Dowries, Commandant of the Local Volunteer Force, and Major Godwin, and attended by the Aide-de-Camp (Captain 'Haggard) and Mr. J. L. Stirling (the Acting Private Secretary). His EXCELLENCY having requested the members of the Council to be seated desired a message to be sent to the House of Assembly requesting their attendance in the Council Chamber. The Speaker and members having attended in answer to the summons, His Excellency read his opening speech as follows :— "HONOURABLE GENTLEMEN OF ICE LEGISLATIVE COUKCIL AT-D GENTLEMEN OF SHE HOUSE or ASSIMBLT— "L I have been again called open to administer he Government of this Province during thetemporary absence, on leave, of Major-General Sir W. F. D. Jervois, G.C.K.G., C.B., upon urgent private affairs. His Excellency has recently communicated to me his intention to return to the colony at an early period. £ have received a telegram from the Bight Honourable the Secretary of State foi the Colonies, informing me that Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to grant to His Excellency the dignity of Grand Cross of the MoBt Distinguished Older of Saint Michael and Saint Georjre. Tou will, I feel sun; join with me in congratulating His Excellency on this welldeserved distinction. "2. The presence of His Excellency m the mothercountry at the present critical juncture of aff<urs in Europe, cannot fail to have a beneficial effect in providing .means for the defence of the province, with the probable help of the Imperial Government. With the assistance of His Excellency, my-advieere are negotiating for the purchase of a suitable ironclad. The requisite guns, rifles, ammunition, and warlike stores for general defence purposes have already been ordered. " 3. The Volunteer Military Force has attained a considerable degree of efficiency, and you will be asked to sanction the formation of a small Permanent Force. A Bill for that purpose will be laid before you. I have recently received Lieutenant- Colonel Scratchley's designs for the forts to defend Port Adelaide, and preparations for their prompt erection have been so advanced that tenders for one of them will be called for at an early date. One section of the Military-road is finished, and step are beintc taken for completing the other sections. "4. The drought which has so disastrously affected a large portion of the interior for a long period having partially broken up, a great qua- tity of wool has been brought down the River Darling, the bulk of which has been shipped from South Australian ports. Successful efforts have been made to meet the consequent pressure at Goolwa With reference to the Murray trade, I may inform you that tenders will be shortly invited for the erection of the breakwater and wharfs at Victor Harbour, and I hope that the railway to the Northwest Bend will be opened during the month of September. "5. Although the harvest of last season was less productive than was anticipated, the revenue is increasing in a very satisfactory manner, indicating that the resources of the colony are sufficient to ensure its material progress. "6. The Convention with New South Wales for the free transit of goods byway of the Biver Murray and across the boundary of that colony, has been renewed for a further period of twelve months, from the 15th December, 1877, and negotiations have been entered into for a longer renewal of this Convention. My advisers are also treating with the Governments of New South Wales and Queensand for a Customs Union, which, if accomplished will be of great importance in developing the trade and commerce of the colonies, and will tend to promote their federation. "7. You will be invited to consider a Bill to alter the constitution of the Legislative Council in order to provide a remedy for any difficulties which may arise in the event of a continued difference of opinion between the two Houses of Parliament on any question of great public moment. My Government is of opinion that the present is a suitable time for passing such a measure "8. The rapid progress of settlement requires the extension of our railways so as to give greater facilities to our outlying population and to connect the railways already constructed with the metropolis. Accordingly Bills will at an early period be laid before you to continue the Burra lane northwards to join an extension of the Port Pirie line, and to connect these two lines by way of Yatina and Willochra with Port Augusta, so as to form a continuous line of railway from Adelaide to the Government Gums. Bills will also be at once introduced to authorize the construction of railways from Riverton, by way of Auburn and Watervale, to Clare; from Birth to Magpie Creek, and from Gladstone to Georgetown, with a view of ultimately connecting the Blyth Bailway witS Gladstone; and from Narracoorte, by way of Hynam and Binnum, to Frances, on the Victorian border. " 9. My advisers have for some time been seek* ing to ascertain from the Government of Victora in what direction its system of railways is to I e continued towards our border. At the recent Conferrr.ee in Melbourne, the South Australian Delegates proposed a resolution, which was adopted, firming the denrablens® of communication on this subject between the various Governments. Pending these communications, and bearing in mind the Dumber of railways in progress and those for the construction of which it is-intended atonce to ask legislative authority, my Government do not propose to ask you to enter into a work of such magnitude as a railway from Adelaide to the Victorian boundary during the present session. ' "10. You will be asked to make provision for ay ing a second line of rails from the City to Port Adelaide; for increased station accommodation both at the City and the Port; and for the removal of a portion of the railway- workshops to a convenient locality. These works are rendered absolutely necessary by the increased traffic and business. You will also ,be asked to sanction the erection oLaslieltereipier at Largs Bay, in order to facilitate and secure the calling at Port Adelaide of the large ocean steamers now trading regularly between Great Britain and the Australian Colonies. " II. The efforts made in the past towards, colonizing the Northern Territory have not- met with the success which was anticipated, and endeavours made by my Government to induce capitalists and others from Java, Mauritius, and Bourbon to settle there have alsp failed. The occupation of the Territory is, however, rapidly progressing, a large extent of country having been taken up for pastoral purposes. A" Bill will be introduced to encourage the immigration to that portion of the colony of European people who may be disposed to settle there, whether in village com m unities or otherwise. "12. My advisers consider the time has arrived when more liberal terms should be given to persons willing to incur the expenditure necessary to occupy and stock the extensive tracts in the interior which remain unsettled. A Bill for that purpose will be e ntroduced. It will also contain provisions to nable the Government, as pastoral leases fall in, to divide the country into smaller blocks where necessary, and to grant leases on liberal terms as to permanent improvements, BO as to afford to fanners and men of moderate capital facilities for combining agricultural with pastoral pursuits. Clauses will also be inserted in the Bill to remedy certain defects in the working of the Land Law Consolidation Act of 1877. " GENTLEMEN OF THE HOUSE OP ASSEMBLY— " 13. The Estimates have been framed with due regard to economy and the efficiency of the service as well as to meet the reasonable requirements of the public, and will be hud before you at as early date as possible. "14. The Northern Territory Estimates are in course of preparation, and will also bs laid before you. ] "15. A Bill has been prepared, and will shortly b 9 introduced, to provide for the payment and appropriation towards the construction of railways and public works of a certain proportion of the moneys accruing due from the sale of Grown lands during the ensuing six years. "16. Immediately upon the passing by the House of Assembly of the resolution of last ession, requesting trial surveys for a railway from Port Darwin to the reefing district at Pine (keek, steps were taken for the outfit of the necessary survey parties. They have already arrived at Port Darwin and commenced the work, which will be prosecuted with the utmost dispatch. "HONOURABLE GENTLKMEH AND GENTLEMEN— "17. My Government propose to ask you to sanction an arrangement with the Government of Western Australia to assist in subsidizing a line of steamers between the [ports of Western Australia and Port Adelaide as the finalport, calling at least once a month at two South Australian ports en route, with the view alike of opening up communication with the Colony of Western Australia and our own western districts. "18. The unsatisfactory sanitary condition of Adelaide has induced my Government to prepare a measure providing for the drainage of the city, which will be laid before you at an early period. "19. A Conference of Representatives from all the Australasian Colonies except Western Australia, recently held in Melbourne, decided that it wasdesirable at once to enter into a contract with the Eastern Extension Telgraph Company to duplicate their cable from Singapore via Banjoewangie to Port Darwin. 1 hope this work will soon be completed. Papers on the subject will be laid before you. "30. Several measures for the amendment of the law are in a forward state of preparation. Amongst them is a Bill to simplify and improve the procedure of the Supreme Court, by adapting thereto, as far as possible, the practice of the Local Courts, and by providing for more frequent sittings of the Court, for Circuit Courts were_required, and for the trial of minor offences by other tribunals. Bills will aho be introduced to amend this Baal Property Act and the Law of inheritance, and also to amend the Law of Insolvency, so as to leave the management of insolvent estates more in the hands of creditors, and to provide (hat insolvents shall only be imprisoned upon the verdict of a Jury. " 2L Measures are likewise being drafted, aud will be introduced for the regulation and storage of explosive compounds; for giving greater power to enforce the compulsory clauses of the Education Act; for amending the laws relating to copy- right and patents, and also the law relating to masters and servants; for amending and consolidating the Electoral Law, including a re>adjustment of districts, and a provirion to prevent vexatious contests; for the better suppression ol the rabbit nuisance; for the amendment of the South-Eastern Drainage Acts; for the inspection of steam boilers; and for extending the watei supply in the city and other important centres oi population. "22.1 commend these and other matters which will be brought before you to your serious consideration, and I earnestly pray that it may please Almighty God to bless all your efforts for advancing the moral, social, and material progress of this province. "23. I now declare this session of Parliament opened. " Administrator of the Government "Government House, May 31, 1878." Bis Excellency and suite then retired. MR. VABLEI'S SEE VICES. — Mr. Varley preached to a large congregation in the Flindersstreet Baptist Church on Friday evening, May 31. He based his discourse on the first 10 verses of the 6th chapter of Paul's second epistle to the Corinthians, and showed the blamelessness of the Apostle Paul's ministry in that, though he was often in affliction, in distress, in imprisonment, and other dangers, yet he was able by the power he possessed, by pureness, knowledge, longsuffering, kindness, the Holy Ghost, and the power of God to bear them all, and though poor could make others rich, and "though sorrowful could always rejoice." | MB. SEVEBN'S SCIENCE LECTUBES.—Mr. H. A Severn delivered his interesting lecture on combustion and artificial illumination at the Glenelg Institute on Friday evening, May 81. There was a large attendance, and the lecturer's experiments were witnessed with great interest. SCHYMCIOCB'S GUIDE.—We have received from Messrs. Scrymgour & Sons a copy of what they call|«A Boadand Bail Guide." It is got up somewhat after the style of Williams's Diary, and will DO doubt prove as serviceable as that useful publication. ROMAN CATHOLIC MISSION.—We Junderstand that the B.C. Vicar-General has been engaged during the week on a missionary tour in Yorketown and neighbouring parts of Southern Yorkefe Peninsula. The Bishop and Fathers Williams and Ryan are occupied in similar duties at Port Adelaide. I.O.O J., POBT PIBIH.—On Thursday afternoona Lodge in connection with the Independent Order of Oddfellows was formally opens 1 at Howe's Hotel, when a large number of members were initiated. The Lodge bids fair to be a prosperous (ne. A dinner in connection w'th the Order took place in the evening. Mr. Edmunds, S.M., officiating as Chairman, and Mr. Scrntton oocupying the vice-chair. The usual toasts, with songs and recitations, were dnly given and- responded to. The dinner, an excellent one, was provided by Mr. W. B. Wilson. S. J. WAY, 