INTERNATIONAL CIEODS. On Monday night another entertain* menl was given to a very good audience. Tho Duv.lli Brothers in their feats on the treble horizontal bars were very success ful, and the daring feat acoompliitied by Mr Lewis on a polo, balanced by Mr Wallace, drew well merited .ppduie. Madame Annoreau rodo very woll, hot owing to her horae not being it, good form waa not rery successful, tallinn off on one occasion and nearlt _hu/,|Bg berie!'. Mr Wallaco balanced «nd ?.„„„ plates in a masterly manner, snd Mr Lewia wia very clever m hiB trick, act, while Bm» lamp kept the audionce in roan of aughter with hia drolleries. The Eockj Mountain wonder, by the whole company were i successor, of gymuaatio feats, which were well pr r formed, tho pyramids and oalumni of men boing well eieonted, the whole weight of over five men being sustained by Mr Hayes. Why them ™is are wonders confined to theltookv Mountain!, however, is a mailer lliat u not very apparent. Tho Koman gla diators, by Meaira Hayes aud Benhamo, wore repeated, Mr Hayes' musouiar de velopment appoaring to great advantage, and the flying men, by tho Brothers Da valli, were oppooially worthy of mention, Harry Duvalli executing b somersault on hit w«y from tbo trapeie to his brother. The British sailor, by Mr H.yea, showed what daring feala can be executed on horseback, ud the boneleaa Agilio went through hia different antics with hia usml aatontshing contortions. A oomic eketrb. ?titled 'The Clown's Ghost, '* concluded tbe performance. The charaoten wen all tamed by Mesirs Hayes, Brrahamo, Hi Lewis, BDd their drollery convulsed the audience with laughter tar over a quarter of an hour. Lsst evening this company waB favored wilh another largo and appreciative audience, the performance being for the benefit of Benbemo, the clown. The pro gramme of the previous evening was re puted, and gone through in the utuil spirited manner, especially by Banhsmo, Ao was droller than ever. This evening tlie company will give llieir farewell por il'will be under the palrnnago of His Worship the Mayor, ilr \V. Turner ; and the ej- Uavor, Mr Alfred Harrap ; tho aldermen, and elite of LaaneeBton, when an ! entire change of progrHinmo will be produced. Wo hope to ace this talented company hove a bumper house on this Ilieiast occasion of their appearance here. 