" LosnoN, August 30th. (Fes on om. o? Corlespod .t..) The.last mail left us in the midst of a great de ate bon foreigni policy, initiated by i,?d Hartington. The division was taken lante on the fourth night of the discussion, and the Government had a majority: of full 140. On the day following this triumph, the Premier and Foreign Secretary received the honorary freedom of the City of London amid cou siderable pomp and circumstance. The annual Ministerial' banquet at the Mansion House was given by the Lord Mayor the same evening. Parlia ment was prorogued on the 16th instant. Although in the full flush of their success, the Ministry are not altogether happy. The two latest bye elections have gone against them, which shows that the feel ing of the. country is not so decidedly in their favor as their friends pretend. At tNewcastle under-Tyne the Liberals wrested a seat fromi the Tories; and in Argyllehire, where the Tories made a determined effort to return the compliment, they sustained a discouraging defeat. The Tocaney in Argyllahirewas cansed by the appointment of the Marquis of Lorne a Goverior- Geneal of Canada, and the Marquis's younger brother, Lord Colina Campbell,, stood as the Liberal candi:tate. It isa's long time sincethe Consesratives.'challenged the ascendency of the Duke of Argyll's. family. in the conisty in the present idstanice a rival land. lord of~ plaity: imi thdistric,'Mr. Male colm, came forward in the Conservate interest, and, in order tocontest the vacant seat in. his native county, he gave up his seat for Boston. He isa staunch Ministcrialist, and an ardent admirer of Lord Beaconsfield's Eastern policy. The struggle was and a keen one, and party feeling ran very high.- Mri. Malcoli was verrvconfident of success on accounnt of his high estimation with the tenantry, whom he is said to treat more generously than the ducal Hotrse of Argyll gets credit for doing.i. The young Lord Colin Campbell, fowever, "came! in victoriously ~ bya majority of '355 votes over his 'veteran opponent, ahlo lia' thus fallen, us' it e~re, between two stools., No doubtthell Gberiiin'nt will seek indsome way to solice the bcitedn ch~impion: °The pro-icmine wt 'ich 'the ' ernment opened the ession' just "losed ?wns exeedingly limited and megr. 'etecnrcely one4hird, weter in numberr importance of the imsiiures they introduced, have founad i , place in the statute ook, Iff,the Ic sslative'sork"thejiuhderlbok to do 'hoddbeen 'greator empnj~e'nivc, there would have been some excuse for.their' signal fiiiliires in its per formance, seemi low uiuch foreign haise diverted attention fronm.domestic affairs. ' But the Miiiistry knew well before= haiid th' t the Eastern Question inmstlargsly engross 'i's teinest, nsd 'fromed their ecu 'siohaplilans on'this hypothesis.: ' ' " ' ' The principal achievements of the session' ari the Factories and Workshops ,Act, mainly a consolida tion of the existing law the BHighsayn Bill, the Bishipri&blill;,tihe Cattle?Disesics Bill, and the Intermediate Education (Ireland) Bill... The Cattle' Diseases; Bill was only. saved .from, ab'olute ship wreck by beiuo wholly re-modelled aid cut down to insignificant. proportions, especially in regard to foreign,importations--which are theoretically ezx' cluded but praeticallyladmitted-in accordance with the,viows of,.Her Majesty!s Opposition, backed-by a. ,number of Conservative, borough members having the fecar;of angry constituents before their. eyes.' The aIntermediate Education Bill, though brought in very late, had its passage smoothed by that mar vellous lubricetor,,the gift of a million sterling of the, surplus of. the, disestablished Irish Church to thei;three great. denominations among which the. sister country is divided. ,.~The Catholie hierarchy .naturally. expeet. to , get the, lion's , share "of, this largesre,,under, their, control, their adherents far out-numbering all the,P rtestant sects put.together. This welcome spoil is proeyenti, with the stillmore inviting prospect of much more in fsturseo for de "nominational University Education, had auwonderful sedntive,effeet,onethe, guondan, obstructives, who arg.pindeed t"ouglht by some to hays received .a r..n d'omire fom theiripiritualtdreetors tdsuspendl their.hostility to the'Goveinmcent tilllthe booty Wias seciired. :;rHowirver" thisaiinay' be,i %hriaifily no soonerwas this bill, introduced than the -Parnells and,,Biggars, entirely ceasei. tleir, troubliig , ;So e.fllcacious,,hna..tlhis'. soothing. syrup;:prqved.,thit Ministers will,be ttempted to, repeattthe dose when ever,idificulties arise, and it becomes. partieultrly desirable, tocatch.thclhrihvote.. .::., .- i... i, .Xheo six.millionvote of,credit was all spenti and, :evencorisidcrably exceeded, as every, sensible,,man expected itw ould be, notwithstanding the: delusive hopes held out that.the great bulk, if notthe whole, of the cash woduld be returned into the Exchequer ,after;tho mres chink of ,it had, served to frighteri Russia'.. Th, ,.'? preatationary, preparations" iihve entailed an addition of. 2d. to the aincomo tax, be sides 4d. per lb. increase on the tobacco duty;,?nd, to avoidsubjecting tho!,tax-payer to stilli further twists of;thescrew, the liquidation of e this vyear's obligations has been spread over the next two.years, .which, for all that we ;know, may have quite bur dens enough of their own to bear. In return for all this expenditure we have had-the Reserves use lessly callel'out; a contingent of :Sepays brought to Malta, in violation'of, sound policy and the British' Conisttti;bh,'Cjpi'ru"handetiJtii'er t' si' together ,with a sham. or an n insane'I zprotectorate ,ofAsia' Mipor, assumed by a perilous, stretch.. of theroyal prerogative, 'idi the Order of thie Garter bestowed ,on, our , Premlicrand our.,Foreigni Secretary. It caninot besaid that. our 'Plenipotentiaries brought ls back "'peace,'( waohad;neyer lost it, and nobody in the least endangered it but themselves. And as .for theo ,, honour'.,with which ,the .? peace" was accompanied, .those who have. nothing better' to glory in will glory even in their shame. ,.. ,. The Queen's speech is much'of a piece, 'with the other utterances. of Ministers, only. a trifle tamer and,more dull.: In one, or two passages, however,. there, is a touch of. uniintentional frankness : which is truly refreshing. It declares that. the Ottoman Empire has undergone, "severe", curtailment, and that this result is 'satisfactory." It is to be hoped that;ours ancient ally, the Porte will appreciate this latter admission. By the Premier's own acknow ledgment,.the." integrity'" of Turkey,_which_ it w his main business to maintain is irretrievably gone. Nor' lies"iis secdnd' object, the midintenance of Turkey's "idepedeendence," fared better under;his disasttirodiaimpiiiiship?ll Thei Slthiin would on no account peemit\of any foreignjoterfereneoewith' his sovereign s'ight of d `gas h'.s'piasel about; blecitifi' i n iraihfformli:'rhh'then' at% with his' fre?dorfii i ithis r "set, fi'e 'risik dtliewhole fortin'e''and'efrithie ity' exitence of his Empire. Lord Beaconsfield backed himn u~i'iall this haughty 'defiane;' atid now it' is ,,eft to" rilr Beicousfiell linis?l'ttell'iii ththat the Suiltai Ai'Fiii'rid with 'tb ,h sse tiil?ttriibllte of hisicherished 'hidepnd ence, andhas' "bond liiself"'to accept England's 'ieial ttelage! ' iEv'n if the result ere' 'god, the da- ii' t"-oosked'iihialisa the "Puifid'"fith "with w'hichlit han 'bte 's?lrSbbiight"ahouf " woiild' riblt the inol n'seiiselof'eicr hionoioablc Etiglisimahi . It is the onlysafety, as it should'be the trii'glory of our, diplomacy to be at least straightforwai-d;. The Gre"kririiis n-menitiiidii ii the spfiie~i-thy are evideinly beneath niitice. 'They 'ae not even re minded thati'* theyb;l ve' iifiture, and can there 'fJriieff irtd.iit." T Thfr eyould iiot b"i . rthy of their illustrious race and their glorious traditions,if they reiained passive: and did-nothing towards shaping'theirown'fnture. -It maybt.?,rn Oriehtal fashion to fold one's arms and,:trust everything to Fate binutit 'is-precisely: upon, their.sunperiority to such Asiatic weaknesses that the title of the modern IHelldenesto the inheritance of the teffete Osmanli rests.tIn ai !evil thourithey forgot Byron's noble .''U In'native'swords and' ative ranks . - : The-only hope of freedom'dwells."' They. are. nowp, finding' outit is tob bhoped;not hen toolate trthof hi sage caution " But Turkish foree and Latin fraud ,iiWould ,break your shield, however broad.':" Politicians have dispersed for their holidays; ,bhit some of them doubtless take a portion of their cares and, misgivings along with them. The Lord of Hughenden, however self-confident, must look from the loop-holes of his retrent with somo anxiety upon the troubled aspect 'of. Eastrn Europe, and espe cidlly of- Central Asian. affairs. Russia' turn to seors diplomatic "victories" seems at' hand; and there is no certainty that her contre cop in Cabiil' will prove mere sham and illusion. The 'Bositian Begs are resisting to the deathtlhefulfilment if that mandate which Lord Salisbury moved: that the Congress should give Austria to wrest their country from their Sovereign by way of "strengthening" him. ' "The Bulgarians are now accused, perhaps with some justice, of wreaking vengeance on the race whieh so long oppreied them. Nobody could have expected them, when they got the upper hand, to forg''the' terrible prevocation they had received; and they must have been more than mortal to ab staifi altogether from reprisals. :Neither is it among thli ordinttions of the Almighty .that those who have rcevelled 'in devilry shall nee reap aught of that they have sown. British consuls who were unconsesionably selow to detect Turkish atrocities are now quiick enough to spy out and exaggerate 81av excesses. They do not wait till their tales are veri fied; and it is to be feared that they thickly varnish where they do not absolutely invent them. All re liable testimony shows that the Bulgarians are a quiet, patient, and industrious people, with some of the vices of men who have been long enslaved, but by no means naturally or habitually cruel. They wilfully slander them who say otherwise. There is scarcely a spot affected, directly or indi rectly, by the recent "seacttlement" where ominous signs and portents are_ not visible. Of course no reasonable iana would exict things immediately to calm 'down and shake themselves right after an up heaving such as has lately occurred, even if the treaty arrangenents come to had been the best tlhat human wisdom aind honesty could devise. But, with every part of. the political horizon overiast, nonebut an arrannt'ebihrlatan'wobuld pronounce the patehed-up settlement'of Berlin and Constantinuiple either'satsfaetosy or durabl . . : PARIS, JicillraT 1. Odd coincidence, the Catholic Church in France, like the Established; Church in England, suffers from a common affliction-the supply of clergymen is falling short. ,The harvest never was greater, nor the laborers so few. Saving, souls does:not. pay, from the worldly point of view., The AbbuBou gund,'of Orleans, laments the number of parishes in France in want of spiritual advisers, of. vicars, as well as of curates. le does not attribute the cause, as is usual with many fossilised. politicians,,to the Free Thinkers.and the Republicans, butnsimply, to young,men preferring a. more. lucrative. calling Localities that were, renowned, like smany,families, .for, feeding ;the,; priesthood, with ,candidates,now cease todo so.. ,The' consequence .is,,that, there are, 28,000 parishes.,in France deficient'in clergymen, and 3,000 more, where there is neither ch?ch nor Ipriest. 'The Abbdecomplain's of 'the' eligious in difference abroad, not rely, si the psit of meiii?hut what seems new-on tho'paiit of 'women.' Foriboe'h sexes, religious ceremonies la Icklife. The remdy? lhive,speeial services for'each igf' the `se ;,d in ad dition, for each's; llowin' tt sprecun pations- prejudices even; Arrivo ea3inionl;?#j di rision. Butif divine servies vi "eguditd'a't suit workmend ind' soldiers, why not'for ric'h' aid' por; fo auerimnt andmo asters ? 'W eTive;h', owever, in stihige; tiiies' There is th''DuDi de Bissaecb for exac'd pl,'iwho" lia"s just' 'deinuiide ?a 's ecial first iclas's aiting rosin for hiiniself on' the"Mamers rail wuyi,'to keep' the "aoi'j ollos fronm 'coing' between the wind and hi nobility."' Peopple' raibth'eii. eves at all these things; especialy ata mo?i?ni t wheni the spirit of class is producing such mighty'heavings on the continent, thatcast theirshadows befoie.A:l S:"One characteristic about the Friends 'ofl Peace they do no harm, especially, as the Irishitain said, if they 'do not come to blows.:,The mcightiest fighting hoan in this,'or aiy other ago, would feel insulted to be coiisidered' other thin a 'friend of peace.n?Is it that' the ?nilorpirefcrs 'a teinmpest. to the favoring breeze ? ' The meeting held on Sunmiday ist, in:favor of peace, by international' workmenof' whom,200 were English delegates, resembles., alll similar re unions: ., Victor Hugo was to, presidebut ,did not .his apology counted uponlfounding a Eur.pein re public, by ltve:: Garibaldi aims to secure, the same, but by.making its friends perfect in rifle shoting. Louis Blanc for once was not Ulopian ; he does not hliere tlietiiii'cime for layiving aside siiiuil wea jponsinr for settliig national disputes bysh'retsle pr'od' Ahomm. H'loves peace. as ie'love'pring, the menrry ?i'shit , a blue sky; self-dnial-Zi oihers especially, and even- love itself.'' .But he'i'iiksit is too muclh to expect, Fnirsct enjoy, t~icipipe of pea'eo,` like Vigil's shepherd 'pcrhapsi .after her recent reverses, and smarting still'frii'tlihe jiiin of teriritorianl aiputtioti. The "pe?l?siioement has tliuliwdajck eof enervating es o rscripts; ad;iciasing populard cergies toale ,, It.` isroby isaring one's self that an enemy is di aried'an'aiiitained i respect,'butt su aiing' hifiiin amai?e't and origani~ tion. Diplomcmy can no more secure' "eac than sorrow,. can be patclieil wit lip''previs' The po?'e' tlat ha msnCt ba~o0ts' rill havie 'Is intluo enco, and the fritonauvrill 'cvti dour the minnows. For the nresent, it is better to hang the .diid be side the hlod?isusiarc noi t bat 'IIt eo .. or is an'evil that must be combated ,is pculinito no fdold of govern'iient,, for all people' have vital in terests and ambitidns. Keep 'th powder dry, and then rely on the god of ttles, the justness of your cause, de., &c.1.; As it is, we; still pretty much re semble the good old times, when people danced and h fuiisai l aiving slain husjtouminds7ud David, liis tens of'tlhusands. 'H. Caznecuve has been employed by the GOvern ment to lecture the national teachers of France, as they arrive in groups to'isit the Exhibition, on the aitifices of spiritismn." It'is counted'asmong the glories of' Louis Phillipe's umbrella reign tb "have despatched Robert Houdin,to Algeria to expose the tricks of the native jugglers, who passed as gods in consequence,,of, their ,sleight of hand ability. Cazeneuved gtave's?pecinlahane lotthe Press in their pavilion in the Exhibitio ; he was corded, and the knots sealed, and placed in a tent along .with a very wide-awiake correspondent'?? 'sv'hose ejes had been bandaged. Cazeneve d'in a few seconds fired off pistols,' &c; annd 'deprived his guardlinarof his coat, watch," and purse-a feat'. not includedi.in theltpro gramme. According to high authority, Sir Albert Sassoun, the owner of the equestrian statue of the Prince " .of,.Wales' in the Indian collectioni, has bought the Prince's riliodhiih' Ri'ide i'E tions for 15,000fr., and willtship its sectians to England in October, ?lijii the"Haitsiiann demolishers com mened work. ;Sir Sassoum"nwill re-erect the edifice in his ijaetci_(Thisngcntleiuanit appears has resided threee ks ssd'i 'is, ly intdeni application to 'idji);ha s anquired a:fluent knowledge s.oa French. Dr. Schliemann, orcle-zofanti himself, coule- not surpass this lingua prficiency. Perhaps vanity has much' to d' with the zal' diplyed by the pur chasers: of 'exhibits to have;their names) placed on the objects, and.the price paidi ,1maiy i admiters of actrices. add the .name, of,the latter ,to the object bought in..', There, is a astory told. of in,na~gry Charles Surface, who brought an uncle with a most disinheritmg countenance _to.. reason, by.buying medicines and surgical apparatus for repulsive diseases, and placing uncle's name thereon.,,., ,, Thanks to the taste, of the multitude, the visitors leave the .Trocadero for the Champ de Mars; the most poplhr; section of the' for'uier i~:" 's ithat devoted to antliropologiml exhibits, and I remember it, was almost a daily',desert up to 'uly. 'Th pop ulace seem to havei a fscisntion foirthc relics of pre-historic :man;, and of the evidences of his de scent or regeneracy from monkeys. But while on thi' subiect 'sf cold ihiionis; 'whj :iFio titsiL our common family tree from a' pretty onistiti rather thannsfrofia villAi?ns tis oiiag-ootaii'? The multi tude flocks to the Champ de Mars, and the crowds hfve :if fito~the colonialcoiirts; Britishl:India is a ,country in itself; the clOck-toni?r trophy?of Canada is a mistake ; totbc-" -sefutl it- og 'to-ltý '0 i idea with a "lift.". Thtjnost expressive trophy in the Colonial sections is thet of Victoria, shewing the aboriginal ased his piecaniniesin contrast with the miner and the team driver... The trophy of New South Walesis iieaningless--a Babylonian kind of dresser. Victoria and South Australia impress you as being the richest or the English Colonies, and there is room to regret they have not occupied the spnoi'hilli~ted to6 New Sonth nales'atid Qieens' land.? Australia-can count upon carrying off the bluZbiblbn-for'' eoli ini niinerals'she has many competitors, but in preserved meats, where one eiiected her to come out strong, she liss'proved unaccountably weak--eclipsed by America, mia only in'eainned'food, but, above all, in the, energy in pushing it on the market. The grocers shops are filled with American meats, in tins-not the ghost of 'ibox is to be met with from Australia.:, I' t' lll' Ih' a i; surprise for many to learn that public opinmon agrees: Russia will beat all other nations in; pianos;? the, instruments from that country, according, to cool'judges, possess none of 'thid " sin~ifig"quality," and this ititr fsir 6idnths' exposure, to dust,' and variations of, temperature. TheCainidt'word snid tasteare, of course, excellent in the' French display, and Erard will supply an instrument combining these qualities, for "0,000fr. Tho':English pianos are accused of greitness of metallic tone; judges stop seriously. to examine an upright instrument by Dreaper, of Liverpool, and a piano, from Buenos Ayres, is remarked forvits ex ccllence. Spanish pianos are not without iadmirers for their tone, color, and capacity. The Pavilion devoted to the Public Works of France is:r well worthy of a visit; a further proof will be revealed of the wonderful richness of France in building materials, and of the celebrated works executed sine&l867.; T.hebifilding itself tis remarkable from the ceamic .decoraotion employeid ailong with slabs jf various marbles. It is hIere that the modcl'light house is erected, and a haze revolving red and white electric light throws its rays, nightlygaeross the Palace and grounds with such singular'effect. It is remarked that the last place at-present to seek for PIrisians is at Paris. 'The city is.handed over to provincials and foreigners, and how they do efijoy themselves; they seem never to be tiroed, and the children have the air to be in paradise.: The seaside is not lively this year, and citiaens prefer taking refuge in their suburban villas or in Switzer land. After the Exhibition, the'ceapties ballon has most admirers; if you cannot pay 20 fr. for a trip, you can enjoy the spectacle of others going up for one franc. Why do intending imonauts look so sheepish on entering the ear Ars they ashamed to be looked at or agitated by fear. 'The 'Intter would be excusable, if, as was the custom when halloonhig was first ptronised, to confess aid listen 'toprayers 'fo the yngbefore the "let 'go".was 'pemnouined." 'Atthe ardvn d'Aeelimitibatioa -rhero ou alrs certain' to meet 'all' 4isitids,'thiyoung ,'~e'ople are veapr p??. Theycan ride on'elephante, '-1esamel:,=and ponys, and take adrive in the ostrichi S.'"ddg cas-thbepoor bird's legs'are as bare as a High. lI? de.'s; now a penny tramway has been started; "2: iuaking a tour of the large inner circle, and having 'stations at the dove-cot, Romeo and Juliet,. the elephiuit's stand; the seal's grotto, and'the concert p: ddock. In time a tiny engine will supersede the two;poidymotive power. The directoris studyingto ' bie a'little captive balloon for little folks; in the " e?iin time they can seek variety by sitting on the back 'of the giant tortoise from the Cape, take :leios: in the riding school on Corsican ponies, and visit the model cow-house like Marie Antoinette, milk the goats, and caress the kids. Excepting put in ttract, could'a model youngster desire moret 1r ' "". :riter from Gastein has made the wonderful ;,f, dis'?soery that the real name of4Prinie Bisrkniar'e new dog is not Sultan but Ctairaese, that: h?'b as valet to?are hiin; that the Prince ,lives "in in 's"irivament over a grocer's eliop, and that his private detectives are dressed up as dandies, ontl thetrlargC dirty ] hands witi n'ils full of ''"jirso 'ear~tii ;' look?odd in white kids. . T~ ' " e ,, onor ialthoighb,?e alleges a .um of ,30,00frl has beentpoperlc disbursed by isnorphvaiusgiinder liis contrl, a claimant of that :su: domandsethat th i bookkeeping of the geeniPel's dep r ·ient be over hauled. Since anoflticialof the national debt office can find no trace of the sum.. Of course tciisno personal charge, against the general. .t :i + no :~I Two strange prisoners: one, aigentleman named Reval, shot an artist who had married his mother. .theideath was said to be caused by o ccidenb;)before S.the Judge he confessed the deed was. premeditated, and begged the Judge to;not tare.eso at.Ilimi iAt .i bYonne a man was being tried for swindling :,'bur, .'p+rofession;? askedthe Judge.1, ,"Robber,,hke your :::-self,".as the reply: The.prisonOer..then flung his Shoe at the (Judges ; ,ailing ito.hit, he threw the '*"contents of an ink bottle at them . . i '? ; e Ftineral Company of-Paris lnas cotracted to s ''pple Isthe'Ofa with d heiire;'four white horses' • diidit'infes;:foi331 frnes 'a'ight,' to:figure' in o?' rinod? 's' ew" fieria i Polyenetes."TiWhjen oi f the ='stae th'c'ortese will returi to its ordinsry eilliig: iThee is an American clown attached ýo the Fer nando circus who, by his trilts gains sufficient to H diritie d nothing stronger thian water, so is St for ai f teHouser spree. b : t aonsofhweed a ly t coin t om qthe siieiiiorioiniemuss feeýliiers, because it in a religiousevent, and a 'few, bemuse' heiwrote up .: deputy sod~a~ iere 'Thiiier ,s!o'ingpetanee. Heenjoys h'is aunts legacy, on' condition of attend= dimg chiurch every Sunday-. sumapei ;refused to" psvasin till'itwnpro. 1frienids; 7 v { t t I 