Site Imte PUBLISHED EYEBY WEDNESDAY AND SATTTBDAY MOBBING. SATURDAY, OYEMBEK 9,1878! THE ENGLISH MAIL NEWS. It appears to be generally recognised throughout Europe that Eussia was effectually checkmated by England at Berlin over the arrangements for the pacification of Turkey. It is also clear that Eussia feels veiy sore on the sub ject, and would not scruple to adopt any line of action which, while not; actually a declaration of war, would embarass and give trouble to her great rival. That she has been to some extent successful in this policy is evident; and so steadily was she pursuing it that it appeared all but certain to many readers of the signs of the times that only one result-and that war-could follow. The condition under which this would take place was changing rapidly for the worse, as far as Eussia was concerned. German sympathy was drifting away from her; Austria was positively hostile and England had drawn closer her bonds of amity with France. Since the mail left telegrams have informed us that things are going on in the same perverse way. Eussia was finding fresh pretexts for not carrying out the treaty, and at last England has put her foot down and announced^ that she will insist on .the treaty-being faithfully observed., "What "the upshot will be remains to be seen; but we are told the worst is feared. Yery little new light is thrown.on the Afghan quarrel. It is made clear, How ever, that the Ameer has thrown himself into the hands of Eussia, and' that the latter, was strengthening - herself? ctoT the; utmost in Central Asia in view of a pos-. sible war with England. The Ameer had proved a convenient tool and was likely to get the usual Eussian reward for his pains. The English press, andthe'fnendly continental press, are unanimous in urging that the. Afghans should be; chastised. The Eussian papers on; ties other hand urge the Czar to help them. It is now. settled " that ,the AfgKansfareTto "be in&de; to give up the Eussian alliance, and there, .is "no doubt - that the Indian Empire will be pushed out so as to include the passes through the mountains. Military writers. say that it is necessary, for -,the safety of India., that Re passes should be held by England. Meantime preparations are made on a large scale for the invasion of the country, and as there is! no" particular need for haste, the invaders will not be gin to act till they are ready. "When they do begin there is no doubt they will speedily make an end. f There is "some reason to suppose that Eussia will be-as effectually checked in Afghanistan as in Turkey. Her designs have been unmasked too soon; England -will act before she can interpose effectively, and the door of India will be barred. All shades of politicians deprecate annexing Afghan istan; it is held to be to the interest of India that it should be independent 'if friendly. . - . ' ri In England political speakers make the Eastern Question their prominent theme; and discuss it as they see it from the respective standpoints in the Conser vative and the Liberal camp. The Berlin treaty had lost its charm, and, without admitting that the Liberals were wiser or truer prophets, the Conservatives admit that much that was done was useless and would have to be done over again-per haps at the sword's point. Great shipping, mining, and commer cial disasters had stirred England to. its inmost heart. The collision on the Thames, that sent some 800 pleasure-' seekers to a watery grave, and the suf focation of several hundred miners in various parts of the country by explosions, had thoroughly roused the country; an^ as usual English philanthrophy had given freely of its abundance to staunch the wounds caused by these sad calamities. We have now fuller details of the great crash in Glasgow. Among the bank's customers were for firms who alone had advances to the extent of £5,823,000 "the reputation of one or two of which was anything but good some years back." The editorial opinion expressed in the Times is that " the Bank Managers con ducted business on principles that have shifted day by day, and that a more reck less course . of gambling with other people's money has never been pursued by anybody, Managers or Directors, and that such engagements could never have been entered into at all had not the weakest or most wilful sanction been given to the wildest speculation. The advances granted to these four firms, coupled with the negligent system of management, are the direct cause of the suspension, and are hardly short of criminal." The full extent of the terrible disaster was not known till after the mail left. We have learned enough since to know that it. has made a chasm that it will take many-years to close. .' Since the foregoing was written the telegrams io hand make the . aspect of affairs more disquieting. The English Cabinet regard war as inevitable. That is to say, unless Eussia modify her .pre tensions, and give effect to the Berlin treaty, England will feel bound to compel her by force to do so. The issue thus rests with Eussia, and it is certainly very hard to prognosticate what she will do. For nearly twelvemonths she has pursued a temporizing policy, one day pushing things almost to a rupture, the next giving way. It is quite possible that she rwill give way this time also. She is in no better position for war now than she was some months back, when she was only held back by her own necessities. Things wear a sinister aspect on the Austro Italian frontiers and there is evidently some danger of a rupture between, these two countries. If -Austria and England go to war with Eussia it is probable Italy will attack Austria. This is an eventu ality that would materially aid Eussia, and it no doubt weighs with her. Af ghanistan is to have another chance. The Ameer has been asked to dismiss the Eussian mission and assume a friendly attitude. If he comply he will not be molested;;if he does not he will be! at tacked and punished. . ^.Hop.MARKET.-The Import,Company's Cir culartoT Novemberquotes hops "in Adelaide at Is. 7d. to 2s. 3d. per lb. COUNCIL., of EDUCATION.-At -the meeting of this body "on Monday a statement was re-, ceived of the percentages gained by twenty-four public schools examined by the Inspectors .'. 'The highest was, 96*09, the lowest 50*82, and the average 79*08. One provisional school was 59*61. The result of the pupil teachers'. ex aminations in the colony recently was1 laid on the table. The list showed that of the candi dates for appointment, fifteen (including Duncan MacArthur, of Mount Gambier) passed in the first class, and thirty-six in the second class. Twenty-seven failed. Of pupil teachers in the first year thirteen passed in the first class, and- ten in the second. Nine failed. Fifteen pupil teachers of the second year passed, and two failed; fifteen of the third year passed, .and' six failed ; and two of the fourth, year passed, while two failed. In pursuance of the wiih'oOhe Minister of Education the. Council recommended that an advanced school for 100 girls be built in Adelaide or its neighborhood. -THE MiLLiCENTExPEBiitESTAjiFAKM;~-The Commissioner of Crown Lauds bas.received from Mr. E. A. Perkins, the Overseer of the Millicent Experimental Farm, the report for the month ending November 1. From the document it ap pears that there are now 126 acres under cul tivation, viz., barley .6 acres, oats 30 acres, wheat 80 acres, potatoes 8 acres, and mangolds 2 acres, 4 acres of potatoes and 2 acres of man golds have been planted during the month. The general state of the crops is good, and the farm implements, machinery, buildings, &c.;, are all in good order. In the garden the grasses and tobacco are said to be doing well on the whole, but the overseer is afraid that some of the for mer are dead. The sheep 'and cattle are in good order, while the general condition of the farm is very satisfactory. The American ash plants are looking well, but the Screw beans have not yet come up. The only improvement during the month lias been the sinking of a waterhole. The rainfall was 2*750 inches, the highest temperature being 65°, the lowest f8°, with an average of 60.8. The labour employed is three men and a boy.-Register. We direct attention to the prize list of the Mount Gambier Agricultural Society, whose spring show will take place here next Thursday. Since last published several prizes have been added. Entries for stock should be made on or before 6 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 12th iust., and for other exhibits during Wednesday. It is expected there will be a large list of entries. REV. CHARLES CLARK IN A FIX.-A corres pondent at Narracoorte relates that last Thurs day evening, when a crowded audience at the Institute were momentarily expecting the advent of the Rev. Charles Clark, Mr. Smythe stepped slowly on to the platform and announced that " Westminster Abbey" would be presented that evening with an; entire change of costume, as Mr: Clark would appear without his clothes. The intimation had rather a startling effect on the. audience, and a flutter of excitement was observable in the two front rows, of. reserved seats, which'were occupied by a ladies'boarding school. Equanimity, however, was restored when - Mr.,Smythe went on to explain, that in landing in the dark the previous night at Kingston Mr. Clark's portmanteau had either been taken on to MacDonnell Bay or had been appropriated by some happy and glorious bagman, and that in consequence Mr. Clark would have to walk and talk through "West minster Abbey" in travelling costume. Any lady, or gentleman who objected to accompany Mr.Clark under these "inexpressibly" painful circumstanccs could have her or his ? money returned. Our correspondent adds that the moneytaker was not troubled, and that the. fanious English war-cry, " Once more into the breach, dear friends !"' shouted from a suit of Scotch tweed in a town near the South Aus traUan border, evoked the usual enthusiastic applause.-Register.. " ' In our last issue Mn John Powell drew atten tion to the fact that several cattle had died in one of Mr: Sutton's paddocks a little to the east of the town, and drew the inference therefrom that they died of disease. Mr. M. C. Wilson assures us that the facts are simply these. ' The .cattle were brought off very poor country in low condition. The feed in Mr.' Sutton's paddocks was very abundant, and the weather being moist, many of the cattle got blown and three or four of-them died. There is no disease amongst them. ? - . ; ,, ! ! ^ ' THE STEAMERS .-The Coorong, for Adelaide, was in MacDonnell Bay on Thursday. After discharging inward cargo she took on'board 550 bales, of wool and left for Melbourne. The Penola,. from Melbourne, arrived yesterday, and was to leave in the evening for Adelaide. She was thrown outi of her time by having to go into dock for her half-yearly overhaul in Melbourne. MONDAY next'will be observed as a general holiday here in lieu of to-day, the Prince of Wales' birthday.. 1 At the Port MacDonnell Local Court on Thursday last, before the S.M., Mr. O'Halloran, and Messrs E. French and Capt. Gardiner, J.P.'s, the'case of Hitchcock v. Clark, was heard. This was a claim for £24, 6s. Mr. Grundy appeared for plaintiff and Mr. Davison for de- fendant. The verdict was for plaintiff for £3 8s. 7d. ODDFELLOWS' FETE.-The principal local event for Monday is the anniversary fete of the Mount Gambier Lodge of Oddfellows, M.U., the programme of which is given in our columns to-day. A soiree will be held in the afternoon, commencing at three o'clock ; and in the even ing at seven a torchlight procession will leave the Hall and traverse the town. Afterwards an entertainment will take place. The pro gramme includes two farces, for both of which great preparations have been made. The Odd fellows have always afforded a good night's en tertainment at their anniversaries, and Monday's promises to be equal to its predecessors. Mr. C. England will cater for the soiree. THE GHOST ILLUSION and Combination Variety Company announce two entertainments in the Institute Hall on Monday and Tuessday evenings. The entertainments they give consist of vocal and instrumental music, dancing, illusions, &o.; There are four performers, including a lady, THE BENAIRA LAND SALE.-There was a good attendance yesterday in the Institute Hall when the first block of the Benaira Estate was submitted to-auction. Proceedings were pre faced by a capital luncheon. Mr. Bolte officiated as auctioneer, and expresses himself pleased with the business done. About 7000 acres were offered, and over J(J00 acres were sold at prices ranging from £3 12s. 6d. to £14 per acre. After the sale there was a good enquiry from private purchasers, and there is a probability of the whole being quitted on an early date. Subjoined are details of the sale : Lot. Sec. Acres. Purchaser. Price per acre. 396-7 217 N. Mcintosh £5 0 0 9 394 43 Geo. White 8 17 6 10 ,, 43 Sheriff 6 15 0 8 " 49 Geo. White 11 15 0 7 " 44 Do. 14 0 0, 1 " 44 Parsons 11 15 0 2 ,, 45 Geo. White 12 0 0 8 393 45 E. T. Moore 8 7 6 7 " 44 Do. 6 7 6 6 " 45 Parsons 612 6 5 44 Do. 6 10 0 6 386 91 Do. 4 2 6 5 " 91 E. G. Brown 4 5 0 2 " 89 Parsons 4 5 0 1 " 89 Thos. Williams 4 10 0 Part 568 69 C. Prior 6 0 0 567 80 Do. 5 10 0 380 80 Thos. Williams 5 5 0 1 381 79 Parsons. 4 0 0 2 " 79 Do. 3 17 6 3 " 79 Do. 3 12 6 6 385 78 Do. 4 2 6 7 " 78 Do. 4 5 0 8 " 78 N. McIntosh 4 5 0 THE EEV. CHARLES CLAEK AT !. MOUNT GAMDIER.-The Eev. Charles Clark delivered his popular lecture on Oliver Cromwell in the Institute Hall on Thursday evening. The atten dance was moderate. The lecture affords great scope for a display of the histrionic qualities Mr. Clark is so celebrated for, and he soon established complete sympathy between himself and his audience. It had much that was calculated to create poignant sorrow for the sufferings of patriots and anger at the tyranny which occa sioned them ; but chiefly thankfulness to those noble men, who were the instruments in the, hands of the Director of nations in conducting Britain safely through one of the most dangerous periods of her history,- liberating; her for ever from regal tyranny, and setting hler Vith-,a fresh impulse on the path of progress. Tlie lecture was interspersed,witlf a sarcasm and humor that frequently, occasioned hearty laughter. It' is an' admirable sketch of the character; of the times immediately preceding-and during the Commonwealth; and the analyses given of "the characters, ofthe leading spirits of the period were'most striking and life-like. Popularjfree dom, said Mr. Clark, is the fruit* of popular determination.*. No nation was ever free but; what was resolved at 'any cost to be free,, and any nation that did 'not value its liberties- suffi ciently to , fightto the: death for;; -them, deserved to be enslaved. Having spoken of the attempts of James I. and Charles' I., to, take the supreme power ;into their own hands, and ridiculed the idea they sought to promulgate-" the divine right of kings to govern their people wrong,''--he sketched the character of Charles: I; / Charles was a lover of learning, and the fine arts; and had a large share of personal attractions, but to the strength; truth, arid essence of noble manhood he was a stranger, and he had the additional misfortune of. being married to an abominable Jezebel (Maria Henrietta, of France)! His attempts to estab lish an absolute monarchy in England, and con sequent disputes with his Parliaments, were suc cessively refered to, and his Prime Minister, George Yilliers, Duke of Buckingham, one of the most corrupt men that ever disgraced Eng land, was severely condemned for his dishonesty and extravagance. The enforced popular loans, raised by the King against the wish of his Parliament; to meet the reckless expenditure of the Court, were the subject of much national discontent, and many of the first men in the kingdom were imprisoned for refusing to pay them.. In 1628 the King resolved.to call a Parliament together, having dissolved the pre vious one for disobedience,, and released 80 gentleman who were imprisoned for non-com pliance with the loan. The people showed their gratitude . to the King by returning nearly all those released gentlemen to Parliament, and one additional on the same side in the person of the hon. member for Huntingdon, Oliver Cromwell, Esq., aman of rough and unprepossessing exterior, but of extraordinary determination and mental vigor. A larger soul than his ' seldom dwelt in house of clay. Cromwell's charac ter was one of sterling honesty and in tegrity, and he was deeply imbued with the sincere religious spirit of the Puritans. The lecturer then-set before his auditory vividly the disputes between Charles and his Parliament upon the Petition or Declaration of Eights; the numerous arrests made on the charge of treason; the abominable cruelties and unjust executions by order of the king; the heroism of-the sufferers; and amidst all the incurable perfidy and falsity of Charles, whom no oath could hind. The sufferings of some of the friends of the people were related with great power pnd with a pathos that had a marked effect on tlielisteners. The House of Commons was again dissolved, and for 11 years there was no Parliament, but the King ruled the State, with Lord Strafford and Archbishop Laud as his chief advisers. The oppression exercised by the King and the aban doned habits of the Court during this time were reviewed, after which the lecturer described the character of the Puritans. Though in some re spects they were strict to unwisdom, yet he re garded them as one of the noblest stocks of men God ever sent into the world. One of the greatest and most honored poets of England, John Milton, was one of them. Mr. Clark then spoke in eulogistic terms of the noble resistance of the Scotch to Charles's attempt to force a liturgy and Episcopal Church government upon thera; and passed on to refer to the proceedings of the famous Long Parliament, which as sembled in 1640.. One by one the officers of the despotism were impeached, and the decrees of the, "tyranny annulled. This led to indiscriminate arrests and executions, and the country from end to end rose in defence of its Parliament against its King. Thus commenced the re volution. Thousands flocked to the popular army,, in which Hampden, Cromwell, and others, held' commandr. At this stage of the . lecture Mr. Clark recited Macaulay's famous Puritan war song " Naseby Fight." The splendid manuer. in which he delivered.it held the audience as by a spell, arid tremendous ap plause rewarded the. elocutionist. The impeach ment and execution of Charles in 1649 were ithe next' Cromwell from an accusation "which many, have made against him that he desired the execution of the King. The period of the Commonwealth was next glanced at, and the lecturer spoke highly of the government under Cromwell, the Protector, and the successful naval wars waged against Holland and Spain by Admiral Blake, which gave Britain the supremacy of 'the sea. Cromwell died on the 3rd of September, 1658 (his lucky day}, broken .down by .the,cares of ! State, hard work, and grief at the' death - of his favorite daughter a, fortnight :before. The lecture was concluded with a magnificent per oration, in which Cromwell's , character ( as a. ruler was sketched, arid what we owe to the Cromwelliad pointed out. To that time'we owed the freedom which as British sub jects we enjoyed to-daV.. Some there , were now who thought the deatu knell of our .country's influence had been rung, and asked if such times as the troublous ones of the seventeenth century were to come now, where would we get men like tbe Puritans to fight the battles of the people ? He had no sympathy with such croak ing. . Treat us as the Puritans were treated, and it would, soon be found that the battles of , Marston, Moor, and Naseby had not been ! forgotten,, The paramount need of this time he held to be a revival of the Puritan spirit, not in its bigotry and narrowness, but in its conception of the'sacredness of duty and its self-sacrificing fervour for its country. He concluded .with a few. sentences of eulogy on Cromwell, whom he characterised as being a " brave, wise,'resolute, generous, liigh-souled Englishman." Last even ing, before a good-house, the rev.' gentleman delivered his new lecture on tlie great novelist Charles Dickens and his works. It was greatly . enjoyed. . . THE Millicent Show on Thursday appears to have been successful. The weather was delight -fulj- many -of the' classes filled well,' an'd there -was a' large muster of spectators. A full report will be found elsewhere. : FABSWELL LECTUBE.-To-night Mr. Clark will deliver his farewell lecture at Mount Gam ,bier. The subject is "The Tower of London." This is the lecture that first made Mr. Clark famous, and it is still the first favorite with the public. It will be noted that a reduction has been made in the prices of admission, and we hope there will be a crowded house. CHBISTY MINSTREL COMPANY.-Several gentlemen of this town have started a Christy Minstrel Company. They propose giving a series of entertainments for Uie benefit of local charities; WE have been requested by Mr. J. Umpher ston to mention that he intends offering two prizes at the show on Thursday next for the progeny of his horse Marquis of Lorn-the first % of £2 2s. for the best yearling colt, and the second of £1 Is. for the best yearling colt or filly. ENGLISH MAIL.-The English Mail steamer Siam having arrived at Glenelg on Saturday evening, mails for Mount Gambier were delivered here on Tuesday night. SENT TO THE STOCKADE.-Yesterday the prisoners Sheppeard, seu. and jun., James Bi'odrick, and James Robinson, who were con victed and sentenced to imprisonment at the late sittings of the Circuit Court, were despatched per steamer for Adelaide, en route to the Stock- . ade, where they will serve their sentences. They were in charge of troopers Kelly (Narra coorte) and Bolton (Mount Gambier). RIFLE MATCH.-On Monday a match be tween the Mount Gambler and Border Town Rifle Clubs will be fired, each team shooting at their own ranges. There .will be ten men aside, four distances (150, 200, 250, and 300 yards), seven shots at each distance, Wimbledon target. The Mouut Gambier Club has of late been very regular at practice, and five of its members have succeeded in passing into second class. The Border Town Club, however, has the reputation of including in its ranks several of the best shots in the colony, and the match will, therefore, be a most interesting one. As there is no telegraph office at Border Town it is not expected that the result of the matclyvill be known here until late on Tuesday. Mr. G. D. Wyatt will act as umpire at Mount Gambier for the Border Town Club, and Mr. A. D. Handyside at Border Town for the Mount Gambier Club. The following members have been selected as the Mount Gam bier team :-Messrs. J.t G. Smith, C. Bolte, F. H. Daniel, W. Warren, P. Beaton, C. Crouch, J. Tyler, G. Cochrane, J. Underwood, and W. Wedd. Emergency-Messrs. W. Glass, C. McKenzie,} and G. Watson. The match will commence at 12 o'clock sharp. CONSTABLE BIUSNNAN, of Melbourne, arrived here ou Thursday evening to convey to Melbourne the man Jackson or Harrison, charged with stealing a naval uniform at Williamstown. He identified the prisoner at once as the man " wanted." Jackson will be brought up at the Police Court this morning and remanded to Mel bourne!" Constable Brennan will Jeare here with his prisoner to-morrow. 