BRITAIN'S IRON-CLAD NAVY. Describing the iron-clad navy of Great Britain, tho Daily Kcics of July 30th re marks:-"There are at this moment the unprecedented number of 33 ironclads in com mission, besides many unarmored frigates and corvettes of recent construction. Of the ironclads in commission . )4 are in the Mediterranean with Admirals Hornby and Lord John Hay ; fifteen are in the Parti cular Service Squadron and Pirat Beserve, under the orders of Sir Astley Cooper Key ; and the remainder are upon the China and Pacific stations. Tho most formidable of all are the Thunderer and Devastation turret ships carrying 35-ton gnns and 14-inch araior, the first being the stronger of the two, since it bears four weapons of this heavy calibre, while the Devastation's arma ment consists of a pair of thirty-fives in one turret and of twenty-fives in the other. Tho Devastation is in the Mediterranean, being the most powerfully-armed man-of war, British or foreign, in those waters. The finest masted ironclads in commission just now are the Tdmeraire, Alexandra, Monarch, Belleisle, and Hercules. Of these the four first carry 25-ton guns, the heaviest metal vborne by broadside battle-ships, the Alexandra being the flagship of the com mander-in-chief of the Mediterranean. The Tdmeraire, which carries two of its heavy guns in barbette towers-fore and aft, and other two in a battery amidships, is the only vessel in the navy armed in this fashion; while the Monach, again, is also without a sister, being a masted turret ship. The fourth battle-ship carrying 25 ton guns, tho Belleisle. is one of the iron clads bought from the Turkish Government, and is the first of the purchased squadron to be commissioned. The Belleisle, which is designated by the Admiralty as an armor plated ram, is the only one of the four first class maste'd ironclads not in the Mediter ranean. In fact, although the Particular Service Squadron at home has one more iron clad attached than the Mediterranean com mand, the. ships of the latter are for the most part vastly superior. Six vessels in the home fleet are old-fashioned turret-ships, the Glatton, Gorgon, Hydra, Hecate, Cy clops, and Prince Albert, none of which can be trusted far away from the coast; while others again, like the Warrior and Resist ance, are broadside ironclads of tho earliest type. In the Mediterranean, too, there is a strong force just now of corvettes' and gun ressels, together with a fine unarmored frigate, the Raleigh." ,STYLE OF THE BIBLE TRANSLATION. If only the master-poets of the classical world could be rendered for us as have been the magnificent Hebrews! If translation of them could be done by a company-a com pany seeking no personal glory and impressed with such a reverence as would preventvtheir altering or elaborating one jot or one tittle ! Such a translation would have to be in prose -for poets have their vanity, and still more have their tastes in harmonies-in prose by faithful men who know their toncme and aspired to be its perfeot servants, not its har monious masters as versifiers claim to be. What then 1 If we could but have the sweeping rhythms of our Biblical trans lators, need we long for others 1 What poet's ghost could desiro more glorifying translation of his music of words than such as the unforgettable'cadence of "How art tho'u fallen from heaven, Lucifer, son of the morning?" It is a cadence which, more than perfect in its isolation, would become bat a monotonous doggrel in the echoed re petition of verse ; it is a glory and a sweet*, ness that . only prose must dare to pos sess. And. yet that same book of Isaiah, and yet the Psalms,, the love-song of Solomon, the pithy poetry of Proverbs, the low long wails of Ecclesiastics, can give us rivals by-the dozen to this, for versifiers, in imitable rhythm. But w,e could be thankful forjlcssthan our Biblical swell] and fall of solemn and pathetic measureless measures. Will any prose translators give us Isaac Walton's "natural rising and falling, doub ling and redoubling," like his own mel lifluous description of the nightingale's sweet descants ? Only the . perfection of English prose coiild reasonably convey to ns the perfection of Greek verse ; for in our lost melodious prose the absolute poetry of sound would be compatible with blind fidelity of verbal rendering. And no sole human being can translate with the entire disinterestedness necessary for such transla tion as that of onr masterpiece of the En glish language, the version of the Hebrew Testament. The men who made that ver sion looked above all, before all, to the let ter ; the spirit, they thought, was there of itself, if they were but faithful to the dic tionary. If thero were but men to trans late Homer so by the letter! 