SCIENCE AND THE BIBLE (To the Editor of the Dendino Adcfrtl^'.f.) Sir,—Tiie sun, the moon, ami the earth arc the three most prominent heavenly bodies to our understanding. The smi's atmosphere is red. the moon's yellow, and the earth's blue. Those three, colors, wheu .irii.ilg.iiii."'.ted by the laws ot nature, become sewn distinct colors, namely, red, orange, j-ellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet, known as the rainbow, or «'!'!■« ciretr* nf different colors united. The red color is from the sun; the orange and yellow from the moon; the, green, blue, indigo, and violet from the earth. - The four colors produced by the earth are magnetic in the sun's rays. Thus tile liuni beri three, and tereit are made remarkable. The musical intervals ■ of the octave are very similar to the measure of the eolora of the rainbow as observed by the pris matic spectrum. ti'ten days or seven circles of time is the first account given in the book of Genesis o; Creation. In the Book or Revelation ictr/i is mentioned forty times, and seven is the number upon which the mystery contained in that book is founded. Revelation in a review of mankind during a period of teven days. The rirst day refers to the seven churches to verse 1- of chapter 3. The second day 13 ended :-t 10 <,f chapter 4, wheu the "four and twc-i^y eio-.-xs bow down," whish lneaneth the end or tlio four-and-twenty hours of the; day. The third day refer3 to the etneit seah 'or tin father tu verse 8 of chapter 5, when the " four-and-twenty elders bow down." Tlie fourth day refers to the -m-n .vats to verse H of chapter .1, when the " four-and-twenty elders bow down." The liftli day refers to the ftvn Sfn/g to verse 1 of chapter S, and the a iyii trumpet* or the ■-on to verse 10 of chapter 11, when the "four-and-twenty elders bow down." The sixth day refers to the enemies of Christ, to verse 18 of chapter 13, containing the number 6G6, giren as the number of the he,1st, and also the number of a man. The term beast refers to antichrist, and all unbelievers in Christ, Tiio beast is made to assume three forms, as I, 1, 1. Christ in tho Godhead, being three persons, may also bo termed 1,1, 1. Now, by the geometri cal construction of the outline of the human face, seven circles placed in a certain position produce, three faces, and G, 6, 6, -which is simi lar in this case to 1, 1, 1. Therefore 6, G, G was erroneously interpreted to be GGG. The re mainder of the sixth day refers to the mpm viols or the Holy Ghost, to verse 17 of chapter It?, and is continued to verso 4 of chapter 19, when the "four and twenty elders bow down." The seventh day refers to a future state, from verse 5 of chanter 19 to tho olid of the Hook. ROHRRT MASON. rTln"« ni.iv hn n.11 riirlit. hut it is. nevertheless. vary iueompruheusible, -En. B.A.] 