The Ecitofs Note Book. THEaDramatieSickFund dinner, heldyosarly at home, gives occasion for one of the pleasantess gatherings togeother of the brighest ornaments to the world of Bohemia Indulging the noblest vir?ue that of charity, the guests are charmed with all the accessories of music, art, ora rory, .;stronomic master pieces, and chiefeal triumphs of dramatide exc lloca. After the liberal and oleli·:htesed expo sihion of his broed-hearted views of the atage and i's mission by the grood Biahup of Melbourne, we can welltendorse Fiacro's rera'rks which follow :--' Ash Wednes day, if it deprives the poor scene shiftrers. b:llerines, and upers of a night's pay, is, at least, useful in that it afferds an even ing for ins Dramatic Sick Fund dinner. As uoual, Mrs. Btirling mdc an amus!ng speech full of fun, philosopLy, and sense, all tending to one end-to empty the pockess of the charitable in order to pro vwdo for thoce who were sick and in distress. One part of Mrs. etirliog's speech deserves special record. The lady said The theatre is a school for taste; whether good, bad, or indifferent, depends on the pubhlc, the critics, and the manav gers together, but more on those who form the taste than on those who fed it. It is a school for temper, in the encounters of rivalries, in the submission to criticism and correcion of authors, stage mauagers, and last, not least, candid and good natured friends. It is also a school for the Christian virtues-of faith, that good work and good art will never fail of recog nition and reward -of hope, that when things are at their worst they'l mend, and that the bad house to.night may be come a good one to- morrow-of charity, to help where helpis so often needed, to do to others as we would that others should do to us; and lastly-if I may say i, as an old Mrs. Caldour-the theatre is not unfrequently a " Bcho:l for earldal." There is, however, very little of scandal going on in the theatre, however much the members of the profession may be celebrated for the practice of the thre cardinal virtues. About the adminislra tion of the charity there is one point, at least, we can all appreciate. Assistance was this year rendered, or, rather, loans were advanced, to several people in order to enable them to accept eogagements. This seems to me the truest sort of charity, f.r it enables the helpless to help them. selves. BRAVo Tamworth! A. chiel's evidently among ye,of whom ye ought to be proud. A little more honest outspoken criticism of this kind would do much good. There is a deal of American humbug amoug our provincial papers. Too much of the "write your own critiqie so long as you advertise," sort of a style. Local columns are filled with nauseous puffery, and a genuine outspoken sent.nce is scarcely ever penned, for fcar of hurt. ing this or that petty interest in little Pedlington. We clip from tho "' am worth News" the following:-" Publicsa tions Received.-We acknowledge them in the order in which they came to hand: -" Comic History ofNew South Wales." Worse than ever, if possibie.-" Sydney Once-a week": Fair value for the money, but nothing out of the way. " Words of Grace": A religious monthly. Secular prints ought not to be asked for a notice of these publica:ions. We may say, how ever, that "Words of Grace" is a well got up and ably edited serial-of its kind. The editor sends us a nicely printed book of twenty hymns, consisting chiefly of the ditties used by the organ ouild:rs' touts -Moody and Sankey. There is plenty of good sacred music, withtut corrupting the taste of our colonial youth with these hybridlsed thristy's minstrels melodies. These hymns (P) are set in the usual fo.r vocal parts (short scre) and the melodies are not only meaningless and vulgar, but the harmonies are all commonplace, and some of them inaccurate. The whole of the hymns are characterieed by thatlarri kin famil:arity with sacred themes that shocked all thoughtful people when the Moody-Sankeymania wasrife. Oneofthe hymns (P) is styled " Gteal away to Jesus' "Sneak away'' etc, would have been better. Another hymn title consists of this atrocious Americanism--" Jesus Idaves me all the time." These hymns are a disgrace to an otherwise passable pro ,ductin. THo Millennium has not yet arrived in Melbourne. fhe quart pot does not yet hold a gallon, nor does the pennny loaf sell twenty- four to the dozen. The people's darling, their dictator, their gi ganticgooseberry ruleth in the land, and trade is paralysed, commerce languishes, industry stagoates, farmers grumble, civil sereants tremble, artizans starve, and wives and children pine snd droop for want of the "food that perisheth." Mr. Berry after having dealt the most etagger igg blows at Victorian credit that his rag tag and bobtail might draw their pay, and filch what they could from the coffers of tho State, hase now the astounding audacity to tell his poor starving dupes that all these evil days, this depreesion of busl nese, slckuess of trade, and general dull ness is brought about by the equatters and bankers and rich u'rchantes. Great ghost of Titus Oates ! and shade of Johan. neas Cede sometimes named Jack ! Could Impudence and brassy chbeek go further ? iowcvear a time will come! It is even now pprooaching. Tho reign of Berry bh~ surely lasled about long enough. By a private telegram we got the welcome new. that Warr.amnbool has returned iMr. Fran cis; and under his formidable lancowe hope to see the monstrous strucrure of fraud, venality, corruption, ass.csac?, injustice, and dcfianc of all right, whioh Berry and his followers have reared, shortly crumble, t?lter, and fall, and a bright?r, fairer, stronger structure of righteous Govern men', rise firom its ursiehtly ruins. Then mny tho earlth bring: forth her increase, ir.de may revive, .aes circulate, coa tentment spread, geood government pro gress, and all honesrmec enjoy thrir own. WIL our leading physicians, we wonder (sS" " Ficaro") aceops Dr. BIs principle as their guide ? This doctor, when asked what was his fee, raid he hsd no fixed price adding tiat a phyoician's hand should be like the collecting bag at church, into which the rich put vwhat they please, and the p;,or what they can........ It was this same docc'r who, consulted upon one day by Mr. r , the loquacious rather than eminent Q U., asked him to puet out his tongue. 'Ah," saidthe phy sician, looking steadily at it through his glasses, "I would rather see it than hear it!". ..... ...He was joking, though, of course, when he told a young student who had just passed Apothecaries' Hall, that " Pharmacy was the art of poisoning scientifically." On the attitude of England, the Josurnar dles Debcts observes :--?nLtland has estab lished her diploinaie position and she de fends it with that c-o. and enduring cour age which is peculisr ;o her. We must do England the justice to say that of all European na:ions she has been the most faithful in respec inc her treaties; she has never failed to r.call and appeal to them, and when they have b.eu nisinter preted or broken she has protested form ally. Generaily, however, she has con fined her acion to meto protesl, as her p. rsoal and immediate in erosts were rot visitly co:,promieed; she has nt thought it pr per to go further in !he jath of op position, but to'day things are-io a differ eel posirien, and Enieland no longer pro te ts fr the mere f-rm, 'he feels her sit threatened on the most sensitive puints, and she starts up not only to defend the right, but. herself also." " IHer moral sitpu?atioa,' the Debats concludes. "is cxc llent, for it is in the name of the outraged right of Europe that England o·e-day cnducts her negotiations .na nubs mits her claims ' 