| ! ! GHOST STORIES. ! j The Southern Argus mentions that a 1 : young woman has been detected in Strath- i j albyn personating a ghost, which role she I j assumed to the no small discomfort of a ! ; number ot nervous people. As a rule : i ghost stories belong to the days of the past, j ; but we occasionally bear of a ghost v visi- ! ; tor in. our own times, though fortunately 1 | or unfortunately the romance of the thing j i is usually destroyed now-a-davs by the de- ; i lection ot some person, who taking a-ivan- s j tage of the g ostly reputation of the pre- i I mises. assumes the charaeier for the time ' being. W ho knows but that perhaps after j ail there might have been some such ex- j planation in a ease which recently occurred up North I If so it is a pity the explana- ' tion was not forthcoming at the time, a -i then the gentleman who was its victim m-'-d not have so uncerimonously abridged bis | visit. The circumstances to which we | : allude are as follows:— A well known member of Parliament recently called at a j slii-.-p-stutien in the Far North, intending to spend a few dnvs tin wo. ( )n arrival i he found the gentleman who was to have i been his host absent, but. was most ln>s- ! pitahiy received by the ladies of tin- faniilv. \ It appi-ars that this head siatioii has bv ' some means acquired the reputari- m i.f being haunted, a reputation which in tin- ! home country usuaiiy attaches it. -.elf only ! to vi-ry old castles and other feudal resi- I deuces. In the course of the evening the j conversation chanced to turn on this sub- ! ject ; our worthy legislator pooh-poohing j the idea and expressing !u> uiii-r disbelief i , in such stories and his profound contempt ! for such ghostly visitants. In due course i the party broke up, and retired to their re- ' spective couches, but not all to sleep the j sleep ot the just, for just about the witch- j ing hour of midnight our worth v legisla tor was awakened bv the shaking of his 1 bedstead, and on looking saw at his bed stead the veritable ghost — a verv tall figure dressed in whit--. Fear seized his troubled breast, and lie was therefore un able to seize the ghost, which in a lnonu-nl glided noiselessly away. fit the morning he was up betimes, both looking and feel ing very pale. One of the ladies of tlie family on meeting him remarked on his careworn appearance, and he nought relief to his troubled feelings bv pouring into her sympathizing ear bis s.ul tale of woe. 1 lie lady did her ln-st to calm him. and begged liini not to mention the fact to her sister (who by the way was much taller than herself) lmt it might seriously upset i"-r, as she was so nervous. One singular feature in the affair is- that, despite the worthy M.P.'s contempt for ghosts li«- did not care to risk a sec- aid interview with tin- figure in white, but somewhat ungalhuitly trained an excuse for at once bringing bis visit to an abrupt conclusion. 