OUR AMATEUR TflGATEICALS AT , ) BOOLONO. r Ho jests at soars who neoorfolt a mound — Eojiko. ( One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, ) was when he made _ his first and only appearance as |an \ actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment atj|his V own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad conceived that he was born to be an actor — to tread the ' boards" like the great Garriek and. the elder Kean — but it f was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar dehdt. On finding the; Melbourne and Sydney managers unwilling to give a' perfect novice with blearing red hair,, and a turn-up ,nose, an lappcarance ; in Hamlet" at any of their several theatres,' he' resolved to "take the bull by the horns" and get up a company of bis own down ' at his place at Boolong.r ;He' went -to, enormous expense I in building a small theatre,' purchasing wardrobe, ! having j scenery/painted — fqr-. Banbhry ; whs determined to.'do the thing well and m Mprtop' style.' '"'He- go.t'. together h kind , of scratch icompahy, many of them like himself," raw /am- bitidusdaniateurs, eager " to -fret 'their hour inpon the stage,".ancl;one or two see, ly outcasts of the profession); i and;he,Tooked forward to the production of his; pet play, " Hamlet,';' himself as/the Prince, >yith much excitement, . not .unalloyed with pleasure.' . The amatevirs, after about a ' month's:; constant rehearsaliVwere-pretty perfect in their , words before the curtain went up, but after it did inost of them forgot them. The.scenery hitched ; the Ghost was intoxicated, and theffia-'GikewiseV'l/icZia, an aniateur, , burst irito a nervous fit; of tears before she said a dozen lines. Banbury was roared' at by the local personages who assembled to assist; at. the. amateur performance. But this , was not the \vprst,rfor Banbury fpund that .when the bills cameun the expens/was tVic asiarge'f,,he h'ad expected, and he'could not meet them. " Tlie fellows," he used to say, " allowed iheTo have; whatever I wahtCd'/bri. crSdit, because they knew- that' my;rich-inicle in 'Adelaide,' a' strict Method- ; ist, would-', pay- themif.bnt'' I 'knew very well Ihe would do no such-thing When he iotind they were' for" theatrical trap- ' pings;:'fornf there'-wasmne thing he held in- abhorrence it was thedheatre.'l /--What -was- he to do ? 'His uncle would disinherit him, turn him'out 'of the house he'fhad furnished ifor him, and send him adrift on- the-world..! :What was he to do ? His cre'ditors wouldmot waiti and, he' would be a miserablerpauper. J But fori alb thische' did not "lose his housej- and :his"pbor.'.uhclc's; fortune is.dn .the - bank in his . name, thanks to the timely aid of one mho is a friend to 'the d/rama as mellasdodherest'df. tlie world, whoiadvanced " 'shim the needfubC- Neediwe.'say.Jhis:'name. -.-.No-; all know ' . him I But we may'.as:iwelUreinark.;it - was ,.the chavipion i ' of the distressed, , ;.;DAyiD HENRY of .52. Collins, street cast, . s Whb'has fr6m''£8' tb' i£lb,6'0b to lencV'on notes 'of hand, bills of ,sale -(yiljh\ Or without .secnrity), salary ..orders, . life ' policiBSi .certificates, dedds.ibili' of i lading, 'legacies,' goods, ' merchand-ise, on, expected remittarices, or on mipneys per- I sons inaly be;ehtitled to ffqm Englancl airdielsewhere, etc., ' repayable! to'suit'the convenience Of borrowers'. \ Bills discbuhted daOy at the lojvest rate "of interest, and , mortgages' froni 6 per cent. ,, , ! ; . 