baptist session of Nmy south WALES. y The ministers and delegates assembled at Bourke-street on Tuesday, September 10, at 7.30, to commence the annual session by a religious service. The Rev. "W. Poole preached on the occasion from Psalm lxxiv., 6. The Lord's Supper was administered, the Revs. R. Williamson-, W. Taylor, and F. Hibberd taking part in the service. On Wednesday, 11th, the ministers and delegates met in Bathurst-street Church at 9.30, for prayer. At 10.30, Vine retiring chairman introduced the Rev. P. H. Corn- ford as his successor, who thanked the brethren for their expression of confidence in him in electing him to the chair of the Union. The business at once began. The retiring officers of the Union were heartily thanked for their services. The secretary read the delegates' roll. Applications from the Churches at the Macleay River and Thalaba to be admitted to the Union were road, and cordially accepted. The Rev. W. Coller was received as a personal member of the Union, and his ordination appointed for next annual session, together with that of Mr. W. R. Harvison. The Rev. A. Burdett was nominated as chairman for 1879-80. The Rev. F. Hibberd was re-elected as honorary secretary of the Union. The Rev. A. Burdett was reelected as honorary treasurer of the "Union. The executive committee for the current year was chosen, consisting of the following gentlemen, with the ministers of the Churches Messrs. R. Taylor, J. Wells, J. Overton, J. White, R. Bubb, J. Cranna", W. Nov7man, A. T. Rees, T. Hawkins, J. Selwin, G. Barton, J. Palmer, J. H. Knibbs, T. Pepper, J. Tout, G. Murray, T. Hollier, and G. "Vesey. It was resolved that the annual sermon should be preached by the ministers in rotation according to their denominational standing. The Rev. F. Hibberd Mas chosen as the delegate to the Victorian Association. The reports of the associated churches were lead, and the tidings they conveyed told of success, in almost all instances. The treasurer's financial reports were presented, the accounts were audited and found correct. The Revs. P. H. Cornford, A. Burdett, F. Hibberd, and D. Fenwick were appointed a sub- committee to arrange for the future operations of evangelists. The book accounts of the Evangelist Society were audited end declared correct. Thanks were accorded! to Rev. P. H. Cornford as book steward, and Rev. F. Hibberd as financial secretary, for their services in the book department, and they were re-elected to those offices. The editorial and financial reports of The Banner of Truth were rendered, from which it was found the denominational organ was increasing in circulation and prospering financially. The accounts were audited and returned as correct. The editorial committee received the thanks of the Union for their services and Revs. A. Burdett, P. H. Cornford, and F. Hibberd (managing editor) were re-elected to conduct the paper. Mr. T. Pepper was chosen financial secretary, and thanked for his past services. Communications bearing on denominational interests were considered and dealt with. The Rev. F. Hibberd was appointed a deputy to visit the Richmond River district to adjust the affairs of the Mission and to encourage Mr. Coller. The half-yearly meeting of the Union was appointed to be held at Parramatta on Easter Monday. The session was closed at 4 p.m. with praise and pro"» er. i The annual public meeting was held at Bathurst-street. at 7.30, there was a large attendance. The chairman of the union presided, and called upon Rev. D. Fenwick and W. Taylor to conduct the devotional part of the service. He then called upon the hon. secretary to read the annual report. This document stated that a larger amount of work had been done than in any previous year. At the Richmond River, the Rev. D. Fenwick had opened a field of labour. On the Lower Clarence preparations had been made for the introduction of Mr. T. H. Jaggers as a co worker with Rev. R. F. Becher. The Rev. A. W. Grant had resigned his pastorate of the church at Bathurst and the chairmanship of the Union during the year, and the Rev. D. Fenwick was elected for the remainder of the year. The Rev. R. Williamson had been welcomed from Waltham Abbey, and had undertaken the oversight of the Parramatta Church, in response to a cordial invitation, and his labour Was abundantly blessed. Over the church in Harris- street, the Rev. W. Taylor of Leeds, had been settled, and the committee spoke of signs of coming good. The Rev. W. Coller had been settled in the Richmond district and his work was prospering, and arrangements are to be made to complete the purchase of the Temperance Hall at Casino for him. Mr. W. R. Harvison was labouring at the Hunter district and had penetrated into localities where the Gospel was seldom preached. Through his influence the Church at Thalaba had joined the Union, and the foundation of new mission stations had been laid in destitute neighbourhoods, in which two schools had arisen. The labours of the evangelists-Mr. T. Llewellyn and Mr. T. H. Jaggers and been fruitful in the best results. Mr. Llewellyn had travelled in New England and the Macleay, Bud through his efforts the Church at Kempsey sought alliance with the Union. Mr. E. Lane, of Greenhills, had generously presented to the Union a place of worship, and the site upon which it stood, and their friends at the Macleay were looking to the Union to send them a minister. Mr. Jaggers had laboured with admirable energy, and not in vain, in the Bega and Moruya districts. Hereafter, he would work in the Lower Clarence. The Grafton church had opened a new place of worship at Ulmarra, free from debt. They had also commenced four new preaching stations and two Sunday-schools, and other new efforts were in contemplation by the Church. The church a Orange had been enlarged, to provide nearly double accommodation, and a neat residence had been erected for the minister there. A new Sunday-school had been commenced at Grahamstown. The churches generally reported progress. The church at Bathurst-street had received to its fellowship a good number from the Sunday school, and the Sunday schools at Harris-street, Bourke-street, and Parramatta had also been productive of satisfactory spiritual results. The Saunier of Truth, the denominational organ, had greatly extended its circulation, and notwithstanding a reduction of price the financial secretary reported a credit balance. All the literary labour expended on it was freely bestowed, and its usefulness in a channel of communication to the churches and scattered members and in a variety of ways, was generally acknowledged. The church at Bathurst- street had beautified the exterior of their place of worship, and added new class rooms at the rear, besides having put the schoolroom in thorough repair, at a cost of nearly .¡£1700-of which £700 had been realized. The financial statistics spoke of growing liberality amongst the adherents of the churches, the denominational enterprises having been generously sustained. The report further regretted the absence of Mr. Thomas Spurgeon, who had been suddenly called to leave for England. And in conclusion, the committee acknowledged that the endeavours and results scarcely kept pace with the advancing tide of the population, and urged the necessity of more being done. The Rev. A. Burdett then read the accounts of the Union, the Evangelist Society, and Richmond River Mission, from which it transpired that each fund had a balance to its credit. After a hymn was sung, the Rev. P. H. Cornford delivered the chairman's address, as follows:-" The occasion which again calls us to the service of our Lord reminds as that we are severed from the rest of His people by our assertion of His supremacy and our maintenance of the V principle that hearts which are loyal and true can follow ' no other guide and obey no other command. We are isolated and cut off because we refuse to concede that customs or traditions may in any case supersede the Word of the Lord or release us from the obligation to follow His example ; our offence is that we keep His word, and on its behalf prove faithful 'protestants ; our honourable distinc- tion is, that as a denomination 'we are witnesses who, from the hour of our Lord's ascension, have never ceased to testify that faith and love are not consistent with any neglect of His declared will. For this we willingly accept the disadvantages of our denominational position. Very few of us have any earthly inducement to take our place with the minority of professing Christians in this colony. Our' life is neither in affluence nor ease, distinction nor renown. We gain nothing, but lose much for conscience sake ; so that we had our annual reunion as a time for the manifestation of sympathy and fellowship, for congratulation and mutual encouragement and a time of refreshing from the presence of the Lord. Having proved all this in former years, we look for the profiting yet again. ' Now then we are all here present before God,' to bless Him that we are continued in His work-to consult together for His glory, and to blend our prayers that we may be directed and helped to greater successes in His most worthy service. In the hope of contributing somewhat to this, it is natural I should speak of such things as most nearly concern ourselves in the life we live and in the ends we join to seek. ' Bygone Spirit are we all baptised into one body.' ' Now ye are the body of Christ and members in particular.' Biyt are we formed according to His will is our framing Mid system suited to the service we have to perform Colonial requirements are said to be singular. Do were quite remodelling ; or is our type of existence, our congregational order sufficient for our time and place ? This, it is well known, has been very seriously questioned, and we need so to decide it as to be not soon shaken in mind.' Is our body, then, insufficient as a habitation for the Spirit, and is it past ago for the great work to be done ? Having filled nearly nineteen centuries, has the time come for it to gather up its feet and die i" For fuller life and nobler development is it like an insect to suffer a metamorphosis, or does it require a protean changeable less? Having so long been victorious among the heathen, having always defied the Church of Rome with steadfast- ness and successes this ancient "soldier prophet" to be . told that his heart beats feebly, that his limbs are cramped with age, that his spirit is too stern, and that we, of the many climb and 19th century, think he would be better out of our way ? Must be due to rise in his original glory ? Is it only thus he can put on strength and renew his youth ? To advance more rapidly, must we discard our ancient guide ; or is the deficiency we confess not really one of denominational form, but more purely personal F To start successfully must we choose another leader, or is it that we ourselves want in prowess ? We see no wrinkles on this warrior's brow, no stooping in his gait, no trembling in his iT j s " Sis eyes are not dim neither is his natural force abated. True, he bears many a year, has suffered much from bonds and imprisonments, has wandered wearily " in uDserts and in mountains, in dens and caves of the earth, being destitute, afflicted, tormented.' Taking persecution parentage, driven from city to city, from kingdom to languor, from crime to crime, bleeding long and terribly in the valleys of WaMensia and Piedmont, and ob « Alpine 6 mountains cold,' for Christ and His word always suffering, this sacred body bears in it the marks of the Lord Jesus.' With it our fellowship rests on one fact, viz., that we are Christ's; and it is attested by onB sign, viz., that we obey Christ. We are bound by no creed of human contrivance. We are held by no rules of human appointment." We are trammelled by no system of human creation. Should we do better if we were Would it be wise for us now to make something now under the sun by emerging in a new Beet, let us suppose of ' Baptist Episcopalians ; ' or if it please you better, Presbyterians Baptists;' though perhaps, some might choose the form of the ' Baptist Methodists?" Is the secret we want in some such thing ? Truly the world might wake up, and wonder if its end were come. The universal Church might be filled with astonishment and doubt, some saying 9 What means this while others replied, These men are full of new Australian wine !' But even this might not prove that another Pentecost had come. The circumstances of the colony are said to require that we should be made over again. Our people are so scattered that we cannot connect them. Fields are white to harvest, and we cannot thrust in the sickle. Materials are in readiness for the temple, but we cannot rise and build. Mien we cannot find. Money we cannot command. Sin triumphs, souls perish, and our Lord's command is not ful- fills!. We stand as if our whole power scarcely sufficed to keep our standing. a While we are yet a-coming another stepped in before us. Now we are said to be organically defective. Now t we long for a sudden and mighty revolution-for some glorious reformation, the form of which is as yet undefined. With earnest coIIb to action coming from all sides we find ourselves straitened-we feel that something is either wrong or wanting. We see that armies, to operate with effect, move by the direction of a ' master mind.' We see that builders, however skilled, can do nothing without similar rule. We see also the advances of those denominations which are governed from a centre, whilst we, without their systems, are, at least in this land, comparatively stationary. Now, apart from the inquiry, ' Is there not a more excellent way hath not God provided some better thing for us ?' it is evident that even here we cannot compass the reconstruction of thebodythough wemight severed limb from limb. Denominationally, then, we have nothing to hope from radical reform. From first to last ours are the Congregational principles, and if faithful to our trust, we shall have no cause to repent of them. Admitting all which has been advanced, we are forcibly reminded of the will and purpose of God in Israel. Ever harassed by mighty and warlike nations, Israel was divinely kept deficient in the appliances for warfare, because God was their King, and because he wished in all things to be their strength and their song. Nor, while to Him they were faithful and true, did he ever fail them or suffer them to be confounded. Who does not love their temple song, ' Some trust in chariots, and some in horses ; but we will remember the name of the Lord our God. They are brought down and fallen, but we are risen, and stand upright. Save Lord ! Let the King hear us when we call ? ' When he was with them ' eternal wisdom was their guide, their help Omnipotence ! ' Peculiar circumstances did but bring peculiar manifestations of Himself. ' He was their arm every morning ; their salva- tion also in time of trouble. Their very weakness became their strength by saving them from false relatives, and renewing the occasions for special Divine intervention. So the upraised hands of Moses obtained the discomfiture of Amalok, and Gideon's three hundred men scattered the host of Midion. All through the history the Lord's people were out of weakness made strong. Even the apostles had the sentence of death in themselves, that they should not trust in themselves but in God who raiseth the dead ; who choose the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty, and base things of the world and things which are despised to bring to nought things that are, that no flesh should glory in His presence. Now, if a system of elaborate ecclesiastical organization were required for the body of Christ, or were essential to its efficiency, should we not see it clearly in the New Testament? But not having so learned Christ, our conscious imXufficiency leads us to learn that our sufficiency is of God, whilst it urges us to care above everything for a universal and vital fellowship with Him in whom, through Christ, our life is really held. As a denomination, our fellowship is with those and those only, who evidence that they have passed from death unto life' Over tuart life we all have to watch, and for it every one is bound to care. Too ready to judge of prosperity after the outward, appearance, we are in danger of leaving the subject of iSfe entirely to each individual. We sadly fail in the communion of saints.' ' They that fear the Lord ' do not speak often one to another ' of Him, nor ' pray one for another, as he has commanded. We want that spiritual intercourse, that brotherhood of heart and mind, by which the members of the body may have the same care one for another.' Do not the majority know very little of each other's spiritual experience and condition? Yet how can there be life without the ' unity of the spirit ?' For fuller life we need more earnest sympathy and more fervent love and in our Church meetings, if anywhere, we should meet this manifestation of the Spirit.' Those assemblies should ever be most holy, and the sanctity of the fellowship most clearly evidenced. There each should feel in tho presence of God's dear children with the Lord in the midst and were life not low and feeble, such would be the rule. Churches too often lose sight of this though, where there is something more than ' a name that they live,' it is evident, in the church meeting especially, they have all been made to drink into one spirit. Could we not then promote the higher life by relegating all secular affairs to selected persons, so as to be free in exalting the character and tone of these not seldom unprofitable convocations? But, when they have degenerated into mere forms for dispatching business, and nothing more, we may be sure that an important ministration of life is sacrificed which few Churches can afford to lose. Still, if the life be but latent there, hidden from all but the more experienced saints, is it not apparent in the assembling for prayer? Are these not distinct expressions of spiritual vitality ? Are they formal and frozen, dull and monotonous, cold and dead? Does one ever return saying, What a weariness is it Alas, too often. Long, spiritless, rambling prayers, and heartless songs, with heavy addresses and Useless con- gregations small by degrees and mournfully less,' are sometimes ' a savour of death unto death ; ' yet no one takes alarm at the dreadful insensibility. The prayer meeting is called the pulse of the Church, and the life in its heart may be measured there. In some cases it is a ministry of strength and consolation, ever aiding and add- ing to the faith and love, the fellowship and felicity of saints. Of itself, however, it is but partial and imperfect, for, though to a limited extent supplying some forms of need amidst the wear-and-tear of mortal being, it neither gathers all the church and congregation together, nor sup-, plies neither can supply all the imperative requirements of souls. What, then, are we to conclude if in prayer meetings the life be sadly lower the life-boats there be weak and cold-be faint and few? In any case, hope points to the preaching of the word of life was an effective and divinely appointed instrumentality to impart life and to feed it. By this the spirit quickens and fosters the life of souls. Grace and truth are looked for through the pastor, as every man in one hour may need ; but the pastor is good for nothing in our day if he cannot excel in brevity, with fulness and clearness, with point and power. All ages and conditions, all grades of mind and character, all phases of experience, seek at one stream of utterance to drink and live. The rock of Moses and the rock of Horeb are wanted again in every place of worship, that one stroke may serve for all for the crowd must drink or die. Yet many would rather accept that death than be detained for five extra minutes there. What then is wanted? Why nothing less than that the pastor should at the same time bring light for all, food for all, help for all, healing for all, cleansing for all, comfort for all, counsel for all, waiting; for all, in a word, life for all ! ' And who is sufficient for these things?' Whosoever if every case were fully known, and if the cry were not always ringing-' time ! time time f' But yielding to this cry or failing of the results desired, the pastor must visit. He must carry ore from door to door, all around the city or town-the hamlet or district. He must be present and instant, in season and out of season.' He must bear the freshening spring-like breath- ings to each aching head and fevered brow. He must carry a full bowl of living water to each thirsty pilgrim. He must tend the wounded with the balm of Gilead, and rally the faltering to the war. Moreover, he must know by intuition always when and whither and how to go. To the prisoner of hope, the mourner, the wanderers from the way, the presumptuous, the headstrong, and the doubting here to the fallen, the ignorant, the timid, the anxious, the desponding, and the aged" there-he must be as an angel of God, as second only to the Saviour, and not seldom the substitute for all the rest of his servants. Is that then the main artery for the life to flow through ? Is it possible that pastoral visiting should do all this? A pastor may by visiting establish friendships and keep a congrega- tion together, but how seldom can he secure directly, and sufficiently, spiritual intercourse with those he visits r Some would intentionally avoid it. With others domestic and business circumstances are in the way. The distances to be passed over take much of his time and exhaust his strength. His own other duties are varied and pressing, so that the cases are exceptional in which the life of Churches is much advanced through this channel, though more may often be possible than is commonly achieved. Meanwhile we sigh for life, and life more abundantly.' There is a sense of want among us sometimes bringing with it feverish un- rest Our order of things is said to be at fault. Some tell us that in their order all Churches are at fault, the spirit being dishonoured by such restraints. Sometimes we see a tendency to revert to the disorders of Corinth when « every one of them had a psalm, had a doctrine, had a tongue, had a revelation, had an interpretation.' The cure for all evil is, with some persons, 'change!' The change effected takes off attention from the question of life, and life comes not. The prophet's stuff is laid on the face of the dead, but the dead is not awaked.' Many in other sections and denomination, labour to make public services more ornate and attractive. Music and song must be more artistic and impressive. Preaching must be more sensational, or more to the taste of the general multitude, broader in compass, and less severe in. tone. The pulpit must be less spiritual. It wants a bold originality in treat- ing of religious ideas, the nature and purposes of God, the inspiration of the Scriptures, the divine treatment of sin, the work of Christ, and the life to come. So the new order of prophets enter the valley of vision and cry, Thus saith the majesty of Reason, come from the four winds O breath, and breathe upon these slain that they may live.' But no souls are' divinely quickened-no life appears. Even the most advanced thinkers and most liberal theologians can only spread a veil wherewith to hide the deadness of the dead. Then certain priests appear where we looked not for them, though we know whence they come. ? They tell us they can regenerate, for they are God's ordained channels of grace. They claim to dispense life in the ' dim religious light' with the burning of incense and wax candles, with holy water, crucifixes, intonings, con- fessionals, absolutions, chanting processions, variegated and curious vestments, turnings to the east, mystic posturings. gorgeous robes, embroidered cloths and costly millinery ! They work for their own idea of 'Church life,' and they have their reward.' We, by life, mean the manifesta- tion of the Holy Spirit-the life we have by faith in Christ-the life of heart and soul, of body and mind in fellowship with God, and exercised to His glory. For this the Church was divinely constituted ' an habitation of God through the Spirit. We want this life in larger measure and fuller exercise. Would any forms of organiza- tion supply the want ? Would that life come by the total revolution of our constitution, the federation of our Churches, and the centralizing of powers if that were possible ? are the manifestations of divine life at the Metropolitan Tabernacle to be traced up to such formal changes of No, certainly. Our denominational framing admits, as it was designed to admit, no life but that which is directly from the fountain of life. As a mere sect we cannot live, though we might exist. The name to live avails us nothing except two be 'filled with all the fulness of God. New methods alone cannot vitalize, but without more life would prove impediments and restraints, whilst, if life come more abundantly, it will take its own forms by that which every joint supplieth. according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, making increase of the body into the edifying of itself in love. Such was the apostolic teaching-the oft repeated and fully exhibited exposition of life. This each member must transmit as well as receive, and receive but to transmit. On this first of all, we must most solemnly insist. We have too many members who do not in the' common intercourse transmit life, and labour to impel it in others. By contraction or congestion in the various channels the whole body suffers. Thus; ' where one member suffers, all the members suffer with it. We have too much disunited piety-too many talents buried-too many candles under the bushel or under the bed. Where, as a rule, do we hear the speech always with grace, seasoned with salt, ministering grace to the hearers?' Where do we see all the saints ready to every good word and to every good work ? ' When shall we find ' all the building fitly framed together, growing to a holy temple in the Lord ? ' Oh ! for the life of ever-burning zeal, of lips touched with the live coal from off the altar, of thousands of souls full of Christ, making all as burning and shining lights in the midst of a crooked and perverse generation, among whom shining, as lights in the world, they should hold forth the word of life. Brethren, we would know no other life than this. We mourn that the life is minished and brought low, in various stages of weakness and languor, pain and anxiety, acute or chronic disorder. We see Churches, like Ephraim, a cake not turned,' whose strength ' strangers had devoured and he knew it not, and grey hairs were here and there upon him, and he knew it not. We rejoice over reports showing that the spark of life is not quite extinct, but do not grieve over the afflic- tions of Joseph, for we count them unavoidable. Who is astonished at there be ague and fever hero, cramps and rheumatism there asphyxia and tetanus on this side, or hallucination and insanity on that? Who marvels to witness debility or insensibility, or even inflammatory symptoms and incipient consumption, in the body of Christ? Some of us have seen ill-health so long that we almost forget what healthfulness is, though we may, state it theoretically. By health we mean the purity and fulness of holy life ; its virtue and glow filling every member by every channel ; the steady heart-throb answered instantly at every extremity ; each organ serving its highest purpose ; each member instinctively obeying the Spirit's thought. That health is the glory of the Lord. It is joy and beauty and salvation. Lo, then, the vision is clear, the hearing acute, the voice full, the arms strong, the feet firm, the heart bold, the nerves all quick and sensitive, the countenance radiant, the form perfected in beauty-an image of Christ. The ordinances of baptism and the supper of the Lord are life sustaining and health preserving, though not life imparting. They supply inspiring revelations to those who have eyes to see. They speak with the voice of the' Lord to such as have ears to ear. Their primary demand is life the life of God-as the prerequisite to participation. To that life they give nurture and increase, they supply preservation and defence, at the same time that they call forth its exercises. Absence- of vital qualification, however, causes ' condemnation' to all who come to such ordinances, while the good they impart is only according to the degree of life in possession. In these to him that hath it shall be given, and from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he seemeth to have. To this fact the Scripture traces the cause that many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep.' Here, then, everyone must ' examine himself. The spiritual health is here a personal and private matter. We must each ' prove our own selves whether we be in the faith, and so in our measure obtain profit, and by our influence contribute to the common weal, the spiritual tone or, as we have called it, the healthfulness of the Church. This health is our care. The life will be with much pain and little profit without it. For this we have to feed and watch over the flock of God to see to its purity, and to direct its progress. Paul was to the Thessalonians 'even as a nurse cherishing her own children.' But neither pastors and deacons are of themselves sufficient for so great a work, however much each may endeavour to do. ' This honour have all his saints. The care, and with it the responsibility, for the piety of others, practically devolves in equal proportion, according to ability and opportunity, upon every Christian. Each has some power to exert some talent to use, for other's good. We must be more awoke to this, that the common inter- course of Christians requires fuller and more active consecration. Here the Spirit speaketh expressly ' Let no man seek his own, but every man another's welfare '-' That ye may with one mind and one mouth glorify God '-' We are members of one another '-' Let your speech be always with grace '-' Teaching and admonishing one another ' ' Considering one another to provoke unto love and to good works '-' Diligent in duties, fervent in spirit, serving the Lord!' The personal piety of common actions and inter- course alone prove the Church to be healthful. Then the lips of the righteous feed many, the lips of the wise disperse knowledge.' Their pleasant words are as an honeycomb, sweet to the soul and health to the bones. While the Spirit of Christ shines in their deeds, the speech of His servants must 'drop as the rain and distil as the dew, as the small rain upon the tender herb, and as the showers upon the grass. The leaven of the kingdom is effectual as each unleavened particle feels its active presence and comes into contact with its power. Our higher health requires that the word of Christ should dwell in us more richly, more constraining, more expressively, more vocally. ' Would God that all the Lord's people were prophets, and that the Lord would put His spirit upon them ! ' We can have health in no other way ; yet, here our deficiency is manifest. As a denomina- tion with some divine life, if we were not out of health God would be much more glorified among us. We have the faith once delivered to the saints and we grasp the sword of the Spirit, but is that enough ? Could the crusader, enfeebled by famine and emaciated by fever, because he wielded a true Damascus blade' assure himself of victory over a crowd of fiery Saracens? Would the excellence of the weapon compensate for the sickness of the warrior? And who will say that we are well enough, and need no healing ? Do we betray no incapacity for hard work, no unreadiness for self-denial, no powerlessness in prayer, no want of spirit and life ? We want much in faith and hope, in love and zeal, in compassion for the lost, and in. practical consecration to Christ. We want the whole body to move together against sin, and to strive together for the service of Christy We want a general deepening and diffusing of spiritual life. For this, though we may act in concert, we cannot, and we need not change our constitution. The galvanic forces of revivalism do not meet our case. Spiritual stimulation is not always effective to spiritual health. Ours is the more regular, patient, plodding work, to deepen and to cleanse the channels of life, and to increase their number and their power. By some means it may be by many and varied ways, we must get all to live more on the bread which came down from heaven, to desire the genuine milk of the word, to bathe in the river of water of life, and by common consent to be as Christ was always abounding in the work of the Lord. The health of a community is according to that of its several members, and our successes in detail alone can become our successes in the aggregate ; in this only is our hope. For this we must turn our liberty, as Congregationalists, to account. We are not stereotyped by necessity ; we are not straitened by rules grave- by art and man's device we can vary our modes of action according to circumstances, as we may be led by the Spirit, but in every case our business is the healthful _ spirituality of all. Let us not then for this substitute anything, nor mistake anything for it. Our business is not the multiplication of members, not the increase or improvement of buildings, not the accession of wealth, not social status, not political influence, not personal reputa - tation, but the spiritual profit of those for whom we are called to care; the best welfare of their heart and soul and mind. It is ours to neglect none in this respect. We seek ' not our own profit but the profit of many that they may be saved, the divine, health of each member, exhibited in every organization, impelling to all usefulness, fed by the word of God, seen in righteousness, peace and joy in the Holy Ghost,' and attested by the ' faith which worketh by love. The conditions of colonial life with all the disadvantages of our present position would thus be met according to the will of God, and assuredly there is no other way. To-day we are lamenting our weakness and longing for power. Every evil seems to have grown more than ever mighty. The claims on our fidelity and zeal press on us out of measure and above our strength. Hitherto for Christ in this land we seem to have done nothing, and now that we are powerless in comparison with others there is everything to do. But the Church was designed as a residence for power-power for work and power for war. By it there are great things to be done, mighty foes to subdue, strongholds to pull down, and many captives to rescue. Vast wilds are to be cleared and tilled and sown as well as harvests to be gathered. There is much darkness to illumine, deep mines are to be worked a great and effectual door is opened, and there are many adversaries.' For many ages our fellowship was out of weakness made strong, standing unshaken as a rock, undimmed as a light, unquenched as a fire, unattended as the Word.' Set in the front of many a battle God was ever its strength and shield. In its weakness its weapons were always mighty through God.' Hath the Holy One of Israel changed ? Is not Christ the power of God ? ' Has He not promised us the spirit of power, of love, and of a sound mind ? ' Can we not now ' be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might?' Are we be foolish as. to estimate spiritual power by human numbers or material acquisitions V Was Elijah week before the 450 prophets of Baal, or were the eleven disciples weak when the Lord had gone up in high.? Do you then not know the secret and the source of all power? Brethren, We do know, we all know ! Nor can we fail to see that our recent experiences of help from above call us again to advance. No voice now tells us that our strength is to sit still ; action is: loudly called for and effort is indispensable strength, unemployed, vanishes away in action soon becomes inability to act, and the talent laid up shall be taken from us. Yet we have at least ten times the power in reserve to that we put forth, and what we desire to know is, how can this be called out ? One thing we here confess, that union is strength,' but that signifies united faith and love and zeal and effect. We want such a holy combination as will render all our powers but one in work for the Gospels sake; nor till then can we know what work we are equal to. But this supposes a readiness of mind on all sides-a readiness seldom obtained by mere exhortations to duty, by appeals to principle, by calls for fidelity and zeal. ' The joy of the Lord is our strength,' and love to Christ is stronger than death.' Thus, if every- where faith and love and fellowship with Christ are joy giving, there will be no lack of power. Then will come 'the victory. which overcometh the world. Then as a people we shall be strengthened with might in the inner man ;' we shall ' renew our strength, mount up with wings as eagles, run and not be weary, walk and not faint.' Nor can we forget that knowledge is essential to power, or that the want of more denominational knowledge among the Churches accounts largely for the want of denominational sympathy and co- operation. Hitherto much of our strength has been spent in the work of other denominations. Our papers and magazines are but little known to the members of our churches and congregations. To diffuse information is one of the requisites for increased efficiency, and one demanding our immediate and careful consideration. Our own proper work loudly calls for all resources within our reach, and yet to a large extent these are overlooked, and not available. Nelson won the battle of Trafalgar by the response to his signal, England expects every men to do his duty. What would be the result if every follower of Christ with us were to answer to such a call in His name. What a glorious change would then come upon us ! Then would our fellowship be cemented, our love become fervent, our inaction be terminated, our all be consecrated, and Christ exalted ! All would be alike full of life, and full of power. Then-but not till then would the Lord arise upon us, and His glory be seen on us. ' Then the light of the moon should be as the light of the sun and the light of the sun seven-fold, as the light of seven days.' ' Awake, awake, put on thy strength, O Zion ; put on thy beautiful garments, O Jerusalem for the Lord will go before you, and the God of Israel will be your reward.' We are here reminded that the ordinance of baptism always keeps in our view the elements of life, and health, and strength. By it every subject is avowedly wholly the Lord's,' dead with Christ to the world, and risen with Christ to God. Each is consecrated to the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, to walk in newness of life, and to be faithful unto death. What more can we ask than that so clearly affirmed a principle becomes as universal a fact in practice ? What less can we do than enforce the remembrance that the vows of God are upon us all? 'We have opened your- mouth unto the Lord, and we cannot go back. A striking sign is before us in the Baptist churches of Germany, which from the smallest beginning have during the life of their founder, notwithstanding much persecution, grown to 120 churches, with a membership of 25,000 persons. But there nothing but a faithful fellowship in actual serving Christ was permitted. The Church was tended and pruned like a vine and the result is much fruit. The Lord prepared room before it and caused it to take deep root that it might fill the land. The hills are covered with the shadow of it, and the boughs thereof are like the goodly cedars.' But the membership which only adds to our numbers is more weakness than strength ; whilst any member who is full of the Holy Ghost and of faith is a power for good. Here we need discrimination that vitality and efficiency may not be sacrificed to mere appearances. Nay more, we require a clearer enforcement of the truth that Christians are not their own and cannot live unto them- selves that every Christian is wholly Christ's and that for' His service. Then- there will be life and health, and strength. Power will be everywhere and in everything. Nothing will languish or decline. The Lord will work with those who are faithful in His service, and success will attend all their efforts. But let us never forget that we have the ' treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of us. Brethren, we are shut up to this. Without the power of the Spirit of God reigning in us, we must ever fail and it is as well we should. With our conditions of fellowship, and that straight and solemn ' water gate to pass it is decreed that without the power of the spirit of holiness we shall not flourish nor prosper. From the first we were constituted for this. By it we live, and without it we die. On the day of Pentecostfor.us it was written in those letters of flame, ' Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts,' and from that day all Baptist history has been a ceaseless comment on those words, and such it will be to the end. The power in Christ by which He cast out devils was that of the Spirit of God, and to that every other power was as nothing. The power by which the Apostles ' always triumphed and made manifest the savour of his knowledge in every place,' was also the power of the Spirit. By the same power, through all succeeding ages of darkness and tribulation, persecution and repression, poverty, conflict, and toil we to this day have survived. Now, from the same source, a now energy is quickening us, in every land a fuller life is freshening the body, and a richer blessing rests upon ourselves. For this first of all let us seek, by consecrating our whole being to the Lord anew, by praying, by testifying by watching, by labouring, by giving by suffering, in a word, by every means and at all times. ' Our help cometh from the Lord which made heaven and earth.' To Him let us seek, that oil in our fellowship be sanctified, and surely He will be a wall of fire round about us and the glory in the midst of us.' Then the Lord will create upon every dwelling place of Mount Zion, and upon her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day and the shining of a flaming fire by night for upon all the glory shall be a defence. After two days He will revive us, in the third day He will rise us up and we shall live in His sight.' Then we shall not lack money for His work, for the silver is mine and the gold is mine, saith the Lord of hosts.' We shall not want for ministers for the lord of the harvest will send forth labourers into the harvest, and they shall not labour in vain nor spend their strength for nought. Brethren, that this is the way to unlimited prosperity there are abundant evidences to prove and that thus it is the will of the Lord to bless us and to make us blessings is beyond all questioning. Then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written A little one shall become a thousand, and a small one strong nation : I, the Lord, will hasten it in his time. On the motion of Rev. A. Burdett, seconded by Rev. D. Fenwick, an enthusiastic vote of thanks was passed to the chairman for his admirable address. The Rev. W. Poole, delegate from the Victorian Association, addressed the meeting, and delivered a speech of telling force and full of excellent wisdom, in which he dis- criminated between a renovated Christianity and revived Christianity. The meeting accorded a warm welcome to our friend, and received his cheering words with great thankfulness. The day's proceedings were brought to a close by prayer, and the benediction by the Rev. R. F. Beecher, B.A., of Grafton. Thursday, 13th Ministers and delegates assembled for prayer at 10 a.m., in Bathurst-street Church. Business commenced at 10.30, and embraced the following subjects : A committee was appointed to manage the land fund, with power to collect moneys for it the secretary to prepare a circular appealing for contributions. Details of plan for permanent operations to be laid before the half-yearly meetings. Arrangements were made for the importation of de- nominational literature ; the Revs. A. Burdett,. P. H. Cornford, F. Hibberd, It. Williamson, and D. Fenwick were appointed a committee to select proper books. The secretary laid on the table three notices of resolutions affect- ing the Constitution of the Union, which he intended to move at the next annual session. The Church property at Glebe Island was allowed to be used as a school of arts on week days. The application of the Church at the Macleay River for a minister was entertained, and Sir. R. Ingram was requested to go there. it was decided to have copies of the Model Trust Deed prepared for the use of our churches. Mr. Barton's offer of a church site at Burwood was accepted with thanks. Special evening session at 7.30. It was resolved to form a Baptist Sunday School Union. Revs. W. Taylor, F. Hibberd, Messrs. J. J. Stone, and T. Pepper were chosen a committee to prepare a basis. The subject of church extension was discussed, and it was resolved that North Shore should be opened by the Union as a preaching station. Friday, 16th. A short afternoon session was held in Harris-street, at which the subject of church extension was resumed. The secretary was requested to communicate with gentlemen in Goulburn and Mudgee in reference to the commencement of operations in those places. Mr. J. Palmer read a statement of the assets and liabilities of the Independent Cemetery, Haslem's Creek, and was thanked for the information it contained. Mr. J. Overton was requested to place his services at the disposal of the Union for ministerial service. The ministers' retiring fund was sent down to the executive committee to be dealt with. The ministers and delegates, and their wives, took tea together at 6.30, in the school- room, at Harris-street, after which they repaired to the Church, and at 7.30 the annual public meeting of the Home Mission and Baptist Evangelist Societies took place. The chairman of the Union presided. After prayer, Rev. D. Fenwick read the Scriptures, and Rev. J. Lyttle offered prayer. The chairman opened the business of the meeting with an appropriate address, and then called upon Rev. F. Hibberd, hon, sec, to read the annual report. The society began the year with a new Evangelist, and by augmenting salary of the one already employed, yet there was a small balance to its credit. Two new fields were open to it, which would be entered. Mr. Llewellyn, who had travelled in the New England and Macleay districts, had journeyed 3592 miles, visited 1240 families, held 120 religious services, distributed So worth of tracts, sold £300 worth of books. Mr. T. H. Jaggers had laboured in the Bega and Moruya districts with energy and success. Mr. W. R. Harrison had ovangeliBed at Port Stephens, the Burrawang diggings, and other places, with the best results. The meeting was addressed by the Evangelists Messrs. T. L. Lewellyn, T. H. Jaggers, and W. R. Harrison, in telling speeches, full of incidents connected with the work. After a good collection had been made. Revs. W. Poole, of Victoria, and R. F. Becher, B.A., of Grafton, addressed the meeting with great effect. A vote of thanks to the Churches at Bathurst-street and Harris-street for their hospitality, also to the friends who had entertained, was passed, and this most harmonious and successful session | was brought to a close with the chairman's benediction. 