THE THEATRES, ETC. By "Adagio." The second season of " Henry V." came to an ' end on Thursday night, and on the following evening Mr. Rignold took his farewell benefit. j The Theatre Ryal was crowded to excess on the occasion, and in the vioe-regal box were — His Excellency the Governor, Lady Bowen, the Misses Bowen ; Captain Murray, R.N., of the Sapphire ; and Major Pitt, R.A. Mr. Rignold appeared in two pieces — a three-act comedy drama, " Alone," and the good old nautical drama, " Blaok- eyed Susan." Th first piece is as pretty a pastoral as one could listen to, and has the blended goodness and sentiment of "Sweet hearts" and " King Rene's Daughter,' The lan guage is remarkably well chosen and witty, and the characters are sketched with a bold, fresh freedom, and in vigorous and artistically-blended colours, aud through it there runs a vein of tender pathos which irresistibly appeals to the sympathies. The plot of "Alone" forcibly illustrates tbe baneful results cf the schemes of that most detestable and detested wretch in creation, the anonymous Utter-writer, A Colonel Chalice has a pretty daughter, Margaret, domiciled at a boarding school, who has a bosom friend in Harriet Norton. Captain Bertie Cameron makes the acquaintance of the girls, and falls incontinently, but honourably, in love with Margaret, and in his turn is secretly loved by Harriet, who writes an anonymous letter to Colonel Chalice, stating that Margaret has grossly miBcond acted herself with Bertie. At the same time she writes two other letters — the first as if from Margaret to Captain Cameron, telling him to have a carriage in reauiaess at the school at a certain time, and the other to Margaret as if from her father, telling her to return home at once. Margaret goes away in the carriage, to find only Captain Cameron, Tbe colonel arrives in hot haste, to discover his daughter gone, and in his mad rage he discards bef, while the innocent girl, with a lost reputa- tion, hates Bertie, the supposed delinquent, witn a deep hatred. The colonel retires to a small country seat-, and becomes blind, and is surrounded by people who have designs on his aooey, when poor Margaret secretly returns to her blind father as Maud Trevor, a reader, and finds her way to his heart again. The plsy then shows the little intrigues of thoe interested to spoil the intimacy between the colonel and Maud, the subsequent discovery of the uncon- soious share Bertie Cameron has had in the wretched business, the revelation of Margaret's identity to the colonel, to whom full explanations are made, and who most unnecessarily is restored to sight, and the piece ends with the under- standiag that Bettie and Margaret are to be j married, with the colonel's blessing. As the elderly white-haired colonel, Mr. Rig. K HQ1Q ltlUnCvl aliU aV/UCiA 111 eft lUOUUUl CU Vorjf Ull I ferenfc to his assumption as Henry V., that it | was something like a shock to the feelings to see I ht"r He played well and naturally, with per- Ljtops a thugt too mu ch Interval betwemeKfiroimd and JitfEeikhe wi nailed before the Pelted with bouquets.. V;:,:. - ? ; Miss Jenny Bryce, ajiargar5t, or Maud I" ' Trevor/ almost a new path, gratifying in the extreme. Her acting was I ftitural and forcible, and the quality cf pathos was of a nature exceeded only by actresses who I Sake emotional display their special study. I Miss Jennie Watt, as Mrs. Thornton, a charm- I log widow and friend of the family, played a I very prominent part in a manner excelling even I her recent admirable impersonation as Marion I Holcomb. I cannot call to mind any lady of I late years who has made such rapid strides in the profession as Miss Jennie Watt. She is 1 evidently a hard- working student, and having I good natural intelligence, combined with a I handsome figure and fine f ice, she has advanced 1 iato a position as one of tiic leading ladies at the I Royal by the sheer force of merit, and without I extraneous aid or influence of any kind. Mr. I Taylor, as Siratton Strawless, who makes much mischief in the colonel's house, has a capital part ; as have Mr. Appletcn, as Bsrtie, snd I fir. Vincent, as Dr. Nueklethwaite, the colonel's medical attendant, who is ultimately lad worthily rewarded with pretty Mrs. \- Thornton's hand. As an aftermece, " Black-eyed Susan" was I ployed, Mr. Rignold enacting William, and I files Navaro Susan. Mr. Rignold is a fine, I I jovial Wiiliam, with a good perception of the I chir&cte;? as it has been played by the best ex- | poaents. He is at once brave, warm-hearted, I impulsive, and thoroughly the jovial British Tar we knew him in tbe days of <! wooden walls." I flig performance has ths merit cf beiny genuine, i-difc proved that Mr. Rigsold's capacity is not I bounded by the limits of Henry V. Between the pieces he was called to the front, and he 1 then uttered a few words in kindly acknowledge 1 .Blent cf the success he had met with in Mei- honrne. He had gained applause, money, and, 1 that was better, teputation, and he hoped to be 1 ible at some future time to renew his agreeable I toUtions with the Melbourne public. 1 w wl depart in a few weeks, accompanied I by his business manager, Mr. Macdonald, on a I Professional tour through new Zealand. I Following Mr. Rignold, Mr. Sain Emery, : . 0 has for the lass thirty years, occu- / I a recognised and well-defined position % 1 4(1 bhe London stage, both as actor and I toager, made his first Australian appearance I Tw Theatre Royal on Monday night, as ; i Peggotty, in a dramatised version of w i Copperfield," similar in all impor- '-'Mi resPec 1 those that have been WES Pr€eenbed here by George Faw- jjiilH Rowe, Mias Rose Evans, and others, and Wlm familiar to the majority of theatre- JiBbS' To say that Mr. Emery's presentment KB iL.Tr0ngbIv nahuraland unforced, is to bestow |||8 ib the praise which it well and truly Roberto Daniel Peggotty has been a 8HlLrrave subordinate part in the repre- gEaflr bums given in this country, and it is there- ilu 8 to find how much can be made of loading character io the hands of an ex- jgrouosd and capable actor. What Count with Mr. Wybarfc Reeve, Peggotty is to lsil55ery — " perfect erabediment of the man Elh » described by the greatest of novelists. moves, locks, end talks, he might nrltepped bodily out of the bock, There is of completion in Mr. Eaacry's rendering i Hjrr SttisUes Without limit or reserve, His is tostums— -it is a dress, such as we have f« fJhUSa??8 o£ wear ; his laaeuase is the pure Yarmouth dialect his |1I?lamphibious creature, half of whese life £5rR3S«5?i? a .to st m th»t the ohknoter itaelf w 1 «o®m»na general attenthm. Mr. rrnr ." and cordis 2?" <?Ued be,ow the several times. Misb Jenny Bryee was a most lovable Little Em'ly; Miss Solange Navaro, a OTelfed0 JSrnantA Drfcle thatt Dickens Jf «« 5 4pp'eton' modest and unpre- tentious as David Cepperfield ; Mr. GreviUef an 8 and, for Mr. GreviUe, un exaggerated hJicawber ; Mr. Sefton, a very mnchmnddledHam; Mr. Hall, the very antithesis of Sfceerforth ; Mr. Taylor, a Uriah Heep that it would have been a pleasure to have throttled, so graphic was his delineation ; Miss Melrose, pretty and interesting as Agnes Wiokfield ; Mr. Uesar, consistently even as Traddles ; Miss Gar- t excellent as Mrs. Micawber ; while, physically, nothing could be imagined more opposite than Mrs. Edouin Bryer to the tall, lean, and rigid Miss Tretwood. Mr, Hennings has contributed some beautiful scenery, an ex quisite painting of Canterbury Cathedral and cloisters by moonlight eliciting the warmest admiration. "Little Em'ly" has been plaved all the week. Mr. Creswick continues his round of popular aud famous impersonations at the Opera-house. Oa Saturday night he played Macbeth ; on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, Richeiien ; Thursday and Friday, Sir Giles Overreach. This (Saturday) evening he will appear for the first time in Melbourne, as Ingomar. At ths New Princess's, " The Flying Buck " has been drawing large andiences. It was removed last eight to make room for a sensa tional drama entitled "Fleeced, or the Vultures of the Wombat Ranges," which will be presented to-night. The startling title of the pieee ought alone to fill the house for one night. At the Academy of Music Mr, D'Orsay Ogden and Miss Beatrice continue their tenancy. They have been doing " The Two Men of Sandy Bar" and "Oar Boys and Girls" this week. Last night (Friday) Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Herndon were to have a benefit, the pieces chosen being the " Cricket on the Hearth" and " Toodles," The U.S. Minstrels finish their season at St. George's-haii to-night. On Monday night the hall will be occupied by Professor Baldwin aud Miss Clara 'Baldwin, with an entertain- meat which professes to be an exposure of spiritualism. At the Atheraeam, Mr. D'Arcy Read con tinues a very successful season with his clever ghost entertainment. 