OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments."— Shake, spere. Victoria Theatre. The production of "Henry IV." at this theatre has in many ways proved a success. The manner in which it is mounted demands a certain amount of praise, and the majority of the characters are satisfactorily filled. Mr. Creswick shows a keen appreciation of the part of Falstaff, and if he fails at all his failure is due to his physical incapacity for the character, and not to any want of intelligence on the actor's part. It may fairly be said, in no spirit of carping or unfair criticism, that Mr. Creswick is by nature rendered incapable of expressing the particular kind of racy humour which is associated with the name of the obese and cowardly knight. In a word, the performance as a whole is too hard. Yet in certain scenes, notably in the second act, in Dame Quicldy's hostel, Mr. Creswick's realisation of the character was at once subtle and successful. That an actor of his age aud experience should be now playing Falstaff for the first time, is a very good proof that in his best days he considered it a part for which nature had never intended him. Mr. Bartlett, as Henry IV., displays all his old powers of clear and careful elocution. Mr. Douglas is pleasing as the Prince of Wales ; and the small part of Francis becomes characteristically funny in the hands of Mr. Bland Holt. Mr. Carey's Hotspur is an excellent performance, full of the necessary vigour and fire, with no trace of indolence in its study. The rest of the company fill their part3 with inoffensive zeal. Theatre Royal. A very agreeable change has taken place at the Theatre Royal, and the Lydia Howarde Burlesque Company, in their opening burlesque, " Ivanhoe " — one of Byron's most successful and popular creations — have made a most palpable hit. As the Knight Templar, Sir Brian de Bois Gilbert, Miss Lydia Howarde was a very charming repre sentative. Miss Maggie Oliver, as the banished son of Cedric, made the most of the character, while Miss Rowena — Miss Solange Novaro — with complexion and hair the fairest of the fair, plainly showed the power she could exercise over Cedric or any young man of the period. Rebecca was capitally impersonated by Mr. James South. The scenery and mounting was excellent, the circus scene especially being deserving the highest commendation. Queen's Theatre. The Georgia Minstrels have again appeared at this popular little theatre, after a most successful tour through the colonies. That they are well worth seeing, the large houses, and the immense amount of cacchination on the part of the audience, is sufficient proof. Masonic Hall. The first grand concert given by Mdlle. Charbonnet in Sydney, is announced for Tuesday next. Assisted by Mrs. Rosenberg (a host in herself), Mons. Meilhan, the celebrated violinist Herr Kretzchman, and Signor Steffani, the first concert of this very clever pianiste cannot fail to be a success. The Guild Hall. Mr. D'Arcy Read's Ghost is still proving a great attraction, and is nightly drawing large and delighted audiences. The Exhibition. The Agricultural Exhibition of 1878 was opened with less of the accompanying pomps and vanities of this wicked world, on Tuesday last, by the Hon J. Hay, in the absence of his Excellency the Governor. Mr. Punch is right glad to congratulate the members of the Agricultural Society's Committee, backed up by their very worthy and energetic Acting-Secretary, Mr. Wright, upon the success of the Exhibition of 1878. To Mr. Punch's ideas, however, the opening of the art, or as some people profanely style it, the " shop " depart ment without the animil show is a mistake. To country visitors especially the sight of the best exhibits in horses, cattle, and sheep, with a view to the improvement of their own stock, must be the first consideration. For the fair sex, however, the Exhibition Building, with the extensive assortment from the pick of the estab lishments of (for pianos) Nicholson and Ascherberg, and Mater and Co. ; furniture, Campbell and Co. , and Labour Bazaar ; for clothing, &c.;, from Farmer and Co., Peapes and Shaw, &c.;, &c.; ; will ever be most absorbing. Next week, when the cattle and sheep arrive, the Exhibition will prove of great interest. Mr. John Bennett, who has for several years been a more than successful caterer for the public, has any amount of attraction at the Exhibition. On Saturday evening next a bill of fare more than usually attractive is announced. « W Prit chard will submit by Auction, on the ground, this (Saturday) afternoon, at 3 o'clock another Subdivision of the Annandale Estate, consisting of 80 Lots, haviiw frontages to Johnstone Street, 100 feet wide ; Annandale Street, 80 feet wide ; Brook" Street, Collins Street, and Tramway Street., 66 feet wide Terms of Sale, 10 per cent, cash ; balance spread over eight years at 6 per cent. Plans can be obtained, and Buses will leave the Kooms, 281 George Street, at 2.30 p.m. Advt. 