GENERAL EXTBÁOTS. A Terrible Crime.—The New York Timos adds to the oriminal record an account of perhaps the most audacious crirao evor perpetrated in this country. It appoars that somo months since a married lady of Boston, of groat ro finemoDt aud beauty, and occupying a prominent social position, had bèon visiting some friends in tho interior of this State, and when leaving took a drawing-room car on tho Now York Central Road for Albany, where her husbaud awaited her. Two villians followed her into that car, probably attracted by the valuable jewelîory she woro, and when the conductor ap proached the lady for her ticket, they informed him they wore her friends ; that sho was deranged, and they had unfortunately boon selected to convoy her to the Utica Asylum. In spite of lier protestations and appeals for pro tection, the scoundrels sacceoded in convincing tho conductor and the pas sengers of tho truth of their story, and removed the lady from tho car at Utica, she Bwooniug as tho train movod away. She was then lilted into a coach, chloroformed, taken to a house of ill-repute, outraged and robbed of jewellery and clothing. Her hus band learned of her alleged insanity when ho arrived at Albany, and pro curing a special engine, started for Utica without delay. Upon arriving, a few enquiries enabled him to find the disreputable liousa where his wife bad boon taken, and there ho found her lying upon a bed, almost stripped of her clothing, and her mind seriously injured by her terrible experience. No names are giren, from considerations of delicacy. The husband made every effort consistent with privaey to dis cover the Sends, but so far without avail. Some Old American Laws.—There is a long list of these quaint old lawB, a few of which will suffice to exhibit the condition of the socoity in which they eristed. Some of them display a narrowness of mind and ignorance which seem now almost incredible, aud which happily have with similar prejudices been long since swept away, namely :—" No Quaker or Dissenter from the established woi-Bhip of tho Dominion shall be allowed to give a vote for the election of magistrate or any _ other officer." "No food or lodging shall be offered to a Quaker or a heretic." " No priest shall abide in the Dominion, He shall be banished, and suffer death on his return." "Priests may be seized by anyone without a warrant." "No one shall run on the Sabbath day, or walk in his garden, or elsewhere, except reverently to and from meeting." " No one shall travel, cook victuals, make beds (!), sweep houses, cut hair, or shavo on the Sabbath day." "No woman shall kiss her children on the Sabbath, nor on a fasting day." (We can imagine this law as a penance on ¡ fasting days, but why should maternal love be smothered on a Sunday ?— " the Sabbath was made for man.") " No minister shall keep a school." "No one shall read Common Prayer Books,- keep Christmas or set days, eat minced pies, dance, plity curds, or play any instrument of musio, except the drum, trumpet, and jew's-harp." "To pick an ear of corn from a neighbour's garden shall be deemed theft." Well, then, "blue laws" shall exist in some of our, English provinces, where a child ! gathering a flower from a garden is imprisoned for theft! And again, a " blue law," but of a moro rational chavaoter, has been partially re established among us, aB the following : -—"The Selectmen on finding children ignorant, may" take them away from their parents and put them in better hands at the expense of their parents." Some others of these old laws might creditably be re-established among us, and perhaps to the purification of English society ; as for instance,—"A man that strikes his wife shall be fined ten pounds." "Adultery shall be punished with death.", "Married persoua shall live together, or be im prisoned." " A drunkard shall have a maBter appointed by the Selectmen who are to debar him from the liberty of buying aud selling ; " and—" Whoever shall publish a lie to the prejudice of his neighbour shall be Bet in the stocks, or be whipped ten stripes."— Golden Hours. The Russians m Turkestan.—The Temps quotes from tho Turkestan official paper of the 9th of July, an address presented to General Kaufmann the Governor, by Kirghiz in the circle of Jokmat, and couobed in theBe terms : —"In our unbroken steppe God has created high mountains, and from their streams descend streams and rivers and limpid waters. Wo distribute these waters among our fields and steppes in order to procure the grain necessary for our existence and abundant pasture for our beastB. The Sovereign placing you higher than all, has made you our Governor, brilliant Padishah, and we are convinced that your wise, kindly, j and vigilant rule will be propitious for our agricultural labonrs and for our wealth in cattje. We have learned that the Sovereign has ordered yon to set out for a distant expedition. On your way you will encounter unbroken plains and high mountains. Accept from us, your subjects, to shelter you in the steppe, a white tent made of the wool, the fruit of the watering of our steppe, and from the fleece of our flocks. This white tent will screen you from tho heat of the day, just as the power and rule of the white Czar guard as from tho fire of our enemies, from alarms, highway men, quarrels, and intestine strifes." j In publishing this oddress, the ofi3cial paper boaBted of the loyalty shown by the Turkestan Mussulmans, as proved by considerable subscriptions to tho Red Cross Sooiety, and added, " Tho prosent political situation, the pro bability of an early rupture with Eng. land, tho movement consequently re solved on towards tho Bokhara fron tiers, and perhaps into Afghanistan, have olioited fresh testimonials of good will on the part of the native Muasul. maos." The same paper announces a contribution of 10,418 roubles from Kirghiz and Sarths of Aoulie Alinsk to the Asiatic branch of tho Red Cross, a subscription by Kirghiz of IsByk Koul to tho voluntary fleet, and tho friendship concludod with the Russians by tho Kirghiz adventurer Sadyk, son of Sultan Kenisar, all this news being designed to prove that Russia could count on tho fidelity of Turkestan ou undertaking an Asiatic campaign. How Genoral Kaufmann received tho tidings of the Troaty of Berlin is, of oourse, uot yofc known. Pope Leo XIII.—His Holiness Pope Leo XIII. is thus described by Mr. John Esthom in tho Manchester Courier :—I have just had tho honour and bappinesB to bo received by the Holy Father. I found him oheerful, and oven as jolly as his predecessor, Pius IX. His figuro is tall and com manding, and as straight as an arrow. I judge him to be over six foot in hoigbt. Ho is ob firm as the rock of which bo forms a part, nay, indeed, tho whole hoad of the church. He is gonial, and, in truth, kindness itsolf. When ho had given mo bis blessing, ho got hold of my band and lifted mo from my kneeling posture as firmly as if had tho strength of a giant, and as I stood before him ho made very minute inquiries about myself and my family in the kindest possible way. His voice has a pleasant, clear ring with it, and as he talked ho noon mado me feel as if I wore not in tho presence of the Pope, but of a most affectionate father. He then commended me to God, and walkod away with tho oourt. As I watched him for a long distance, 1 thought bim every inoh a Pope. A Novel Amüsement.—At an even ing party some merry young folks suggested that thoy should all try who could write tbe best Irish letter. The following won the prise :—" My dear Nephew,—Enclosed is a £5 note, which your father sends to yon un beknown to me ; and doBires me to inform you of the decease of your only living uncle Patrick ; he lay five days quito speechless, asking for water every few minuten. I cannot describe to you the agonies of mind we endured all the time. O Pat, Bays I, if you're dead Bpeak lo me ! Poor fellow, he could not move a limb, so he raised his arm in reply. A stroke prevented his inquiring abont his dear relatives ; so says he, Bridget, bow's our nephew faring ? Says I, all serene ; I intend writing to say how ill you ore when yoa are dead. Ob, says he, tell bim not to open the letter for a week from the time he gets it ; that will give bim time to get over his sorrow before ha knows abont it. Kind forethought of your dear departed ancle. He died very suddenly, after a lingering ill ness. Now, my dear nephew, write and tell me how yoa bear the loss of your near relative. Better do so at once, before yon reoeive this, to save time and anxiety to my mind respect ing you.—With fond love, believe me, dear nephew, your loving aunt, Bridget. P.S.—I think yon had better direct to me aB before, but put a blank envelope over to avoid any mistake." Kathleen Stuart. The Latest Newspaper Achievement. —Either the conductors of the New York Tribune are lying without a motive, and against their own interests (says the Spectator) or tbey hare put up a printing machine whioh realises the dreams of tbe most advanced news paper proprietors, and gives to tbe passion for hurry the greatest grati fication which it has ever yet received. They assert that Messrs. Hoe have put up on their premises a press which can turn out 30,000 copies of their paper an hour, ready folded for delivery by post. "Tbe entire process is absolutely automatic. A roll of paper half a ton in weight, and miles long, and In wldtU just double tho length of one of the Tribune pages, is hung on a horizontal axis over the press. Tbe end of the big ribbon is pushed iuto tbo machine, a lever Btarts the revolution, and as tbe roll nnwinds complete copies of the Tribune, neatly folded and ready for tbe mail, issue in two streams at the end of the machine, no hand touching tbem from tbe time the half-ton roll is swung into itiplace till the boys gather np the folded papers and deliver tbem to tbo pur chasers, or turn them over to tbe mail clerks." Papers bo folded bave been fortvared to ns, and the fold ing is neater than when done by band, though different, the automatic folder folding in longer strips than human folders do, and they have this further advantage, that they »re ready cut for reading. It is stated, more over that the new machino ii far smaller than tbe old one. "A whole labyrinth of wheels and types and ponderouscylindershavo'boon abolished by a sweep of tbe band." Tbe process is now nearly as cheap as that which prevailed forty years ago. The whole of mankind, if willing to pay 2d. a day for them, might hare Tribunes to read, and each copy would start to its desti nation before 6 a.m. Tho rate of multiplying papers is now carried as far as it will go. Swifter, simpler, and cheaper processes may be invented, and probably will be, but Messrs. Hoe, or rather, perhaps, the meobaniaian who invents for tbem, nnd whom nobody individualizes, have provided the means of gratifying any probable, or even any conceivable demand. Strange Hallucination.—A touobing tale of affectionate marytrdom, spiritism and lunacy, on the part of a Chinaman, comes from Ballarat. The Star states that a Chinaman at the camp there has recently become insane under a most painful hallucination. Tbis man, Ah Hing by name, ba-1 for twenty years carried on business at the camp bb a pawnbroker, in conjunction with a leprous consin, Ah Hoe, who recently succumbed to the terrible disease that had seized bim. Ab Hing, daring his cousin's lifetime, cared for him most tenderly, and the doatb of Ah Hoe, without doubt, unseated his reason. Since tbe event, he believed that everything in his but beoame the resting-place of an evil spirit, and that the ghost of the leper Ah Hoe visited him constantly, and urged him to' dis tribute all his goods to his neighbours lost be should be chased into tbe place of perdition. Ho obeyed the fancied command so well that he has rid him self of a decent sum in cash and a large quantity of miscellaneous mer ohandise. Constable Thompson arrested bim aa a lunatic just as he had plaaod a clook in the road to be pioked up by anyone. Drs. BadoliSe and Bunco cer tified to bis inéanity, and tho unfortu nate creature, being brought before the City Court, was committed to tbe Ararat Lunatio Asylum. 