BOWING NOTES. BY CIJOAXTHCS. I believe it was a writer who, some years ago. contributed to a defunct contemporary wider the nam de qport of " Aquarius," that tiret introduced the eygtem of tipping" the winners at our Annua) Regatta. It has since then become a part of the existence ot every aquatic contributor to be prophetic. Had I j the courage of my opinions. I should say it was a custom more honoured in the breach than the observance; but it is now expected that a man who has spent a considerable por tion of the last 12 months in enlightening the patrons of aquatic sports should take his readers into his confidence and disclose the secret all are so anxious to know. I should be sorry to think that, out of the entire number of rowing men who will compete to-day on the Lower Yarn, there was even one that will not go to the post confident and determined to do his level best It does not matter much what we " tipsters" say; we are just as likely to be wrong as right, and vice verm, and, therefore, my opinions are merely offered for what they are worth. Dispensing with all the accessories with which it is usual to usher a prophet to the scene, I will now to mypredictions. The first event will be the Challenge Sculls. I must acknowledge my indebtedness to the Barwon Regatta for having revealed the winner, for I really cannot see who is to beat Tuckett. There are six entries, bnt I under stand Watson will not start, and I should say Gibbs is unlikely to face Mr. Rolls, as he must have learnt by this time that sculling is not his forte. Stout, Upward, and Cazaly may come to the post to try conclusions with Tuckett, but, barring accidents, they cannot have a ghost, of a chance with him. There is an old adage, " begin well, and all's well" -if so, my prophetic deliverance looks healthy, for I regard Tuckett as a certainty for the Challenge Scullft. The. Challenge Pair is a walkover for Messrs." Umphelby and Tonbridge. Here I am saved the trouble of cudgelling my pro phetic brains. < The Junior Outrigger has four entries, and I rather fancy the result lies between the Mel bourne find. Civil Service crews. 1 don't know whether the Ballarat and Barwon intend to start, bat if the; .do, they mill have to take backseats. After mature deliberation I' have come to the conclusion this will be a good race between the Service and Melbourne, put the former will bib hailed the winners. Fi ve maiden scullists, all and each no doubt fancying themselves for. the. next race. Taylor 1 have not seen recently, Aitkin I* have, and I therefore believe the race will be between--Gibbs, Lang, and Williams, and without entering into particulars, or giving toe toby "or the wherefore, I" think Gibbs should son. A good -deal depends the fteenng, and if- theBallaratian be successful Jn that respect, lAm'texpect to be disap pointed. v . . . _TheMaiden Pairs has five entries, and of iaeae I think I may dispense with the Foots OBJ and Hawthorn right off. The Brothers ^i .'owing well, and so are the.Mel have not seen anything of i men, the leas said about them . "e?er* I rather fancy the Mel irafeonthewholeto puUme thtough. first double sculls 'tux that ~-'f regatta card 4s a walkover for Beata^wnp* ^ ^ is thedhdcerfours,>ndhot yet to -gulde ine in niy wlr*; ' BOrCi\il 6emce can« " Vsfor jHseni j SIPefatWiWiw.ti* Tocticray Challenge Fiate. I hare slreadj expressed myself as to the merits of tfce two crews who will compete in this race to-day. I Lave had various opportunities dnriny the last three weeks of seeing each row; arid I believe they are, with a few exceptions perhaps. aU in rip-top fettle. The Civil .Service ti^fct hare been together nearly three mouths. eiteptiiK Ctdlea, who recently *t»k the place of Gaggin. and with such lengthened-practice it is only reasonable so suppose they should be now rowing in fine form. The Melbourne, on the other hand, hare or.Iy c^en toeether a few weeks, and those not without some important changes in the boat. to which it will not be now necessary to refer. Even dsrin* the ^reei the bow was laid up. and has teen out but twice, so that altogether it looks like asking the Melbourne crew to do too much to win this race against the Service,^ who are reported as thoroughly St. However. I feel itiite convinced we shall see a splendid race, whoever wins : and if tt be the C.S.R.G. they dei-erve it for the troobie taken to keep the Focrtsciay Plate afloat. My selection is the Civil Service. _ I next come to the Junior Sculls. which has Sve entries, of whom Haynies, from his per [ formance on Tuesday last on the Barwon. I lor ks the likeliest of winners. Pettezz *nA J Gibbs are both entered, but they can't ask j the Banks man to travel, nor can Upward: j bet if Bean'hamp were as 6t as two years a^o, I thirik he would be a thorn in the ade ! ot the favourite. If Haymes can steer at all j there is nothing in the race to beat him. and I accordingly pfump for bin. | The Mi lien Gig Race hag rli entries: i Boroondari. Albert. Hawthorn, Varra Yarra, : Corio and Crown Rowing Clubs. I think die I Hawthorn are about the best of a mediocre lot | of maids. and to judge from their performance j on the Barwon the other day. I think they I cuish: w;r. The Junior Eight will lie between the I University and Melbourne clubs, though the | Barton will be an improvement on its crew I of Tuesday last. The C.S.R.C I don't fancy ; much. The University shall have my aHe^iar-ce this time. And what shall I say of the Grand Challenge Cur. with its six entries ? It will rest, I think, between the Melbourne (Nichols:s crew} and the Civil Service. Tonbridze's four will net start, and the " City ** will have to row much faster to win at Melbourne than they did at the Barwon. The Yarra Yarra, I should say, are doubtful starters, but I know nothing of their intentions. The Warehouse men. had they commenced a month earlier, would hare taken a good crew to lick them today. The C.S.R.C. have had only a few rows in their four, and are, I understand, indifferent so long as they can appropriate the Footscray Plate. I think, with luck in the race, that Nichols's four will win the Grand Challenge Cup. 