THE WEEK'S: SEWS New ■ PiMuumr BinLDraos. — The Chief Semsl»iy: (Hot'Tf. M<«gan).gsvenotioeon Tuesday in the Legislative Council that lie. would move on Wednesday, July 17, that' steps fee £aken to e^t newpeiliament.Buildings. .* Pakliajchmtast lath Sittikqs.—The ques- ] tiokoflste sittings was raised in the House of Assembly on Tuesday, July 9,- by a question witbont notice from Mr. P. B. Ooglin. The Hon. J. Colion entered a mild jxotest against the .Souse-being left in. doubt as-to-the inten tions,of the Government on the subject. The. Treasurer-replied that he thought it was under* etood thftlate aittingsshould be held every {Edes . day in lieu of the Friday's sittings,', which were; < -some time since discontinued. Mr. Bray. urged « that members should only be askedto sit in the evening when .there was:a press of ;wqrk,-and. . that-.ihat was not the case at present; /but the 1 -Treasurer said he would consider it ail under standing in future that thesittingsshould becon- - tinned on Tuesday s, except when: notice to the. -contrary-was given. He alsoaunonnced to Mr. Ward that the Government would always be ready to assist private members to keep a House when necessary on Wednesdays. . Rbpekshkiatitk Gotbbmhhnts.—We have j received a copy of a valuable table, prepared by the Clerk-Assistant and Sergeantr&t-Arms; of the legislative Council, Mr. F. Halcomb, which affords information as to the constitution of the Governments of America, the Australian Colo nies, the Cape of Good Hope, and some of the States .of Kurope. It gives the name of the Legislature in each State or Province referred to, the number of members of such Legislature, the : mode of their appointments, the qualifications of members, and the length of service, and mentions in which of the States members of the Legisla | tare receive payment. It also gives the popula I tion of each State and the qualifications of electors. The mode of appointment of the various Presidents and Speakers and the places where Money Bills originate under the different constitutions are' likewise .stated,'and in par ticular. instances interesting information of a miscellaneous character is given. The. docu ment -will be found useful, and is convenient - for reference. For some reason no ^particulars are-given of the constitution of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, the insertion of which wonld have made the table: more complete. : Axbebton Bassist Chubch.—An instructive and interesting lecture was delivered- by. the Rev. M, Llojd, the pastor of this Church, on "Eastern Monarchies,7' cai -Tuesday night, Jolyj 9, the occasion being the celebration of the twelfth anniversary of the Bible Class connected with the Church. There was a large attendance. The lecturer referred at length' to the customs, habits, and knowledge of the Chaldeans, As-' Syrians, Medes, Persians, and- Babylonians, and traced the progression made by the succes sive empires in architecture and sciences, especially mechanical sciences. He then noticed the fall and decline of the monarchies until Arbela. the last of the eastern monarchs. Secondly, the rev. gentleman took up the re ligious views of the ancients, showing how the Chaldeans held crude and vague notions. The views of the Assyrians tended to materialism, although he considered that nation to have been the most cultivated of the ancients, while their architecture proved they were the most refined and tasteful. Magicianism and Zoroastrianism became a sensuous worship, but the latter was really the most spiritual ot all the religions. Referring to the architecture of the religious temples, some accepted signs and symbols in their worship, especially the circle, which was imagined to be an emblem of infinity. Various winged creatures were found sculptured on the temples as serving at altars, illustrating the belief in angels and spirits and evii genii. There was also an idea of a good spirit opposed to an evil spirit who tried to hinder the work of the good spirit—an idea which approached the nearest to that of the Jewish notion of Jehovah. By various legends the lecturer illustrated the belief of the ancients in a future existence, in the immortality of the sou], and in the distribution of rewards and punishments. The rev. gentleman ended ah able and lengthy lecture—the exposition of which was materially assisted by numerous diagrams—with an earnest peroration. A. hearty vote of thanks was awarded Mr. Lloyd, who had been listened to with unbroken attention. Concerning the object of the meeting, it was stated that the Bible Class numbered 42 members, and had a credit balance of £116s. Colonial-hade Papbb.—We have been shown (says the Melbourne Age) a sample of wrapping paper manufactured at Ramsdens Paper. Mills from a kind of reed or coarse grass which grows wild in great abundance in the vicinity of Portland Bay. The-paper is strong and of close texture, and admirably suited for packing par poses. As there is practically an unlimited supply of the raw material, it is probable that it will be utilized to a considerable extent. Accident at Moonta.—The Y. P. Advertiser of July 9 states that an accident happened to a Miss Holt of Moonta whilst she was coming over the sandhill at the rear of the schoolroom on Thursday night last. It being rather dark at the time she walked into an old trial pit that was open and fell to the bottom, a distance of about 48 feet. Her younger sister who was with her speedily gave the alarm, and Mr. Priestly and some others were soon on the spot and succeeded in bringing her to the surface. She sustained a severe cat in the head, besides being considerably braised about the arms and body. Although unconscious for some.time she is fast recovering under the care of Dr. Archer. Gists at Entertainments. — The Ball&rat; correspondent of the Argut states that" Madame Cora was again before the Ballarat Police Court on July 5, the summons this time specifying that she had established a scheme. :by which prizes were drawn by lottery. Mr. Gaunt again appeared Ser the lady, and oontended that the summons was still irregular, in that it did not specify of what the prizes consisted, the Act declaring that they must be 'of money or any other matter or thing.' Sub-Inspector Babbing ton contended that it was sufficient for the purpose of the information to show that prizes (of any kind) had been drawn for by lottery. He would produce witnesses to show what these prizes consisted of. The Bench held Mr. Gaunfs objection to be fatal, and struck the case out." Tenders.—The tender of Mr. J. L. Cassidy has been accepted* for certain works at the Primitive Methodist Manse, North Adelaide. Tramway to North Adelaide.—The Direc tors of the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway are pushing wu with their line to North Ade laide. Already the rails are laid along King William-road nearly as far as the bridge, and at the same rate of progress tramway connection .with North Adelaide will be an accomplished fact in tke course of a few weeks. South Australian Sunday-School Union.— The usual monthly meeting of the Committee and delegates was held on Monday evening, July 8, in the Stow Church Vestry; Mr. A. Adamson in the ehair. The Visiting Com mittee reported that they had begun their annual visitation to the schools in connection with the Union, The Examination Committee reported that 855 names had been received for tbe competitive examination to be held on the 18th instant. It was stated that the Sunday School Union Choir is making favourable pro gress, and hope to give their first public enter tainment in the course of a few weeks. Presentation.—At a general meeting of the Loyal Bose of Sharon Lodge, G.U.O.O.F., held at the Fountain Hotel, Glen Osmond-road, on Saturday, July 6, P.D.G.M. Hy. Hawkins, on behalf of the brothers, presented to Pi?. Bro. Atkinson a very handsome writing-desk. The desk bore the following inscription, neatly engraved:—"Presented to P.P. Bro. Atkinson by the Loyal Bose of Sharon Lodge, G.U.O.O.F., for his past services. July 6, 1878." The re cipient thanked the brothers in very suitable terms, and assured them he would still continue to do all the good he could for the Order and for the Loyal Bose of Sharon Lodge in par ticular. LUMPERS' PASTIME.—The unusually large number of "blue jumpers" daily seen unem- ployed about the Port streets is but one indica- tion of the dulness just now prevailing in the shipping business. Under the circumstances the lumpers resort to various modes of amuse- ment in order to pass away the slack time. Occasionally pitch-and-toss is the favourite game, while sometimes athletic sports form the order of the day, wrestling, running, jumping, &c.;, being included in the unwritten programme of events. On Tuesday afternoon, July 9, over 50 of them assembled near the Ferry steps, several of whom went through very creditable exercises. This open-air performance lasted over an hour, the spectators manifesting their approval or censure most unreservedly. RIVER NEWS.—The River Murray on Tues- day, July 9, was 23 ft. 6 in. above the summer level at Echuca, and at the Overland Corner it was falling. INQUEST.—Mr. W. Hicks, J.P., held an inquest at the Court-House, Gumaeracha, on Sunday, July 7, on the body of William Mooregreen, Head-master of the Gumeracha School. Mr. J. Monfries, sen., J.P., was chosen Foreman of the Jury. George Pennyfield, pupil teacher, said deceased had been absent from the school on the sick-list since Tuesday. He (witness) had attended to him every day, and given him his medicine when he required it. On Thursday evening he went to Dr. Holthouse for a bottle of medicine, which he got labelled, and put it on the table of deceased's room. At about half-past 5 o'clock deceased, asked for some medicine from the bottle that had been brought from the doctor's. He swallowed a spoonful of it, and then jumped up on the sofa and said, "I believe, George, you have poisoned me; run for Blue." He took some milk and vomited, and Pennyfield ran for Mr. Blue, and afterwards for Dr. Holthouse. When witness came back with Mr. Blue he found that he had given medicine out of a bottle which had no label on. Mr. Blue smelt the glass deceased drank from, and said he had taken a dose of liniment. Witness had previously rubbed some liniment on deceased's feet. The bottle he brought from the doctor he put on the table. He went away, for a spoon, and when, he came back gave the wrong medicine. He did not know who brought up the liniment. Deceased had been complaining of being ill for two months. Mr. J. Blue said Pennyfield called him at a little past 5 o'clock on Thursday even- ing, and said Mr. Mooregreen wanted to see him. He said he had given him the wrong stuff. When he went to deceased he found him very excited. He said he thought George had given him the wrong medicine. On asking out of what bottle he had given the medicine, Pennyfield pointed to a bottle about half full and without a label. Found it contained embrocation, and deceased, who was watching him, said, "That is the embrocation." There was another bottle on the table containing medicine. The wineglass in which deceased had taken his medicine had the same smell as the bottle of liniment. Deceased drank some milk and vomited a great deal. He seemed relieved, but said, that his inside was on fire, and he kept on drinking to quench the fire. Alexander Bethune, aged 16, said he went to deceased, on Tuesday evening, and rubbed him with em- brocation which he got out of an ordinary medicine bottle on the table. There was a label tied round the neck of the bottle, with "Embrocation" written in large letters. Went again on Wednesday and rubbed deceased with liniment out of the same bottle. There was no label on the bottle then. He left the embroca- tion on the table when he left on Tuesday, and it was there when he returned on Wednesday. Frederick Kingston said he went to deceased at half- past 12 o'clock and rubbed him with embrocation which he got from a bottle de- ceased pointed out to him. Dr. Holthouse said he had been treating deceased for excessive drinking and rheumatic fever, and had pre- scribed embrocation and tonics. Supplied him with embrocation on Tuesday and took the bottle himself. It was labelled "Embrocation for outward application." On Thursday evening he received a message saying deceased had taken the embrocation in mistake. Found him very excited and vomiting , Sent for Dr. Esau and had a consultation. Dr. Esau said he was not surprised, as he had known him so long in a delicate state of health. Dr. Naubaum, of Teatree Gully, who had made a post-mortem examination of the body, said the heart. had grown to the sac, as also had the left lung to the pleura. The heart also had become enlarged and there was a great deal of fat on the outside, the flesh being frangible, with a number of little knots on the valves of the left ventricle. The left half of the heart was full of white congealed blood and in the other there were red congealed clots; the lungs, were in a normal condition, but somewhat full of blood; the liver was considerably enlarged and in a condition known as grey granulation. Did not think it necessary to open the stomach, as outwardly it had the usual appearance. Was of opinion that the taking of the embrocation had had no really injurious effect, but the excite- ment and vomiting which had been induced by his taking it might have had. He was of opinion that disease of the heart brought on by rheumatic fever was the immediate cause of death. The Jury returned the following verdict:—"That the deceased died from a diseased heart accelerated by heavy drinking." INFANTICIDE.—An inquest was held by the City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) at the Desti- tute Asylum on Tuesday morning, July 9, on the body of a female child that had been found in the Botanic Park on the previous Sunday. Mr. Bradley was chosen Foreman of the jury. William Hall, a lad, said he was walking with two lads named Robert Ashley and Richard Dyer through, the Bo- tanic Park near the Exhibition Buildings, early on Sunday morning, July 7. Went down behind the bamboos near the breakwater of the creek, in the vicinity of the Exhibition Bridge, and saw the bag produced lying among the bamboos. It was not tied. Opened it, and saw the body of deceased inside, the face being downwards. Informed Mr. Whitehead, who went down to the place, and afterwards told the police of the affair. When the constable arrived he took the body out of the bag, and afterwards removed it to the deadhouse. Had not gone home that night, but stopped on the Park Lands and in the Botanic Park, first wert down to the Exhi- bition Buildings about 3 o'clock on Sunday, morning. There were a number of mem; and women in the Park, but saw no person near where the infant was lying. By Detective Rogers—The reason why he went to this par- ticular spot was that on a previous occasion he had found a blue blanket and a pair of darkish check trousers hidden there, so he thought he might find something there again. Did not take the clothes and blanket away. The body was lying about 10 or 12 feet away from the bridge across the creek. It could not he seen from the bridge. It could not be dropped from the bridge to the place where it was found, but would have to be put in the position in which it was found. Robert Ashley, aged 16 years, Richard Dyer, aged 16 years, and William Whitehead, gar- dener, gave corroborative evidence. Constable Standish said he was informed by Whitehead of the fact of a body being found in the Botanic Park. Went with him to the spot and saw the body in a bag as described. It was naked and slightly doubled up, the face being a little discoloured. William Talbot Clindening, surgeon, said he had examined externally the body of a female infant child. It was a fully developed child, and appeared to have been well nourished. The lower part of the face, including the nose and the mouth, were flattened and pressed to- wards the right side. The body had not been washed, but there were no marks of violence on it. Subsequently made a post mortem examination, and in his opinion the child had had a separate existence from its mother. Suffocation through the flattening of the face was, he believed, the cause of its death. Thought the child had lain in the bag for six or seven days. The Coroner in summing up the evidence pointed out that it was possible that the child might have been accidentally smothered, hut it was plainly shown that the infant had had a separate existence, so they were led to conclude that the child had been destroyed by some person, and it was their duty to consider whether this had been a fact. He might mention that the police had made every exertion to find the offender, but had been unable to do so. The Jury after a short retirement found "that the deceased had been wilfully murdered by some person or persons unknown " THE RIFLE MOVEMENT.—The Committee of the South Australian Rifle Association ap- pointed to frame rules, &c.;, for the new or- ganization for which it is proposed to obtain Government sanction have had several meetings, and are now prepared to submit their report to the public meeting to be held at the end of the week. The rules have been specially framed with a view to meeting the requirements of country Rifle Clubs, and also to facilitate the forming of an Adelaide Rifle Club, so that persons not in a position to join the Volunteer Force may have the opportunity of learning the use of the rifle without the inconvenience of attending fixed drills. It is estimated that the list of those in the city willing to join under the new rules will be at least 150, and at Port Adelaide over 100, and from the favourable letters received from country Clubs there is a prospect of between 400 and 500 members being obtained. The new movement has met with undoubted favour throughout the country ; but although several Clubs have joined uncon- ditionally, a great number of persons who heartily agree with the proposals contained in the South AustralianRifle Association's circular delay sending in their names until they have seen the revised rules and know how the Go- vernment will view the scheme. Should the Government give their sanction to the issue of the Martini- Henry rifles there is very little doubt that the movement will become almost universal. CRUISE OF THE GOVERNOR MUSGRAVE.—The Governor Musgrave returned on Tuesday morning. July 9, from a cruise round Kangaroo Island in search of the supposed wreck. After scouring the coast-line the steamer left the island without finding anything. CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.—A meeting of the Committee of the Children's Hospital was held on Tueadayofternoon, July 9, His Excellency the Acting-Governor presiding. The resignation of Dr. Cleland as medical officer on account of his removal from town was accepted, and Dr. Verco was appointed to fill the vacancy. A letter was received from Mrs. Brind asking the Committee to assist in securing success for a concert she intended to give in aid the Chil- dren's Hospital. Mrs. Scott was reappointed a member of the General Committee. Mesdames Brind and E. T. Smith were elected members of the Committee. The Treasurer (Mr. Phillipson) reported that the total subscriptions had been £4,433 7s. 3d. ; balance in hand on current account, £177 16s., and on deposit account, £4,100, amounting in all to £4,277 15s. The ex- penditure had been £412 6s. 1d. The sum of £40 had been received as a donation from Mr. W. H. Gray. Dr. Campbell read the medical officers' report, which stated with reference to the Currie-street dispensary that they had care- fully examined the premises as to their suitable- bess for the reception of indoor patients. They were of opinion that the premises were not suitable for the purpose, and that it would be better to abandon the attempt. The premises were admirably adapted for an outdoor dispen- sary, but it was recommended that the lease of the 100ms should be continued. During a dis- cussion on the report it was stated that urgent cases of emergency would be attended by the medical officers at the homes of the children themselves. The report was adopted. The Building Committee reported that the foundation-stone of tbe Children's Hospital had been laid on June 20. They recommended that Mr. Tolley be allowed to erect a store on the vacant land in Currie-street on the terms sub- mitted, the Committe (sic) having reserved the right of a lease of the premises on the present term for five years. They also recommended that a Furnishing Committee, consisting of Mesdames Henry Scott, H. K. Hughes, Colton, Corbin, and W. Morgan, together with the medical officers be appointed. The report was adopted. It was suggested that a Sub- Committee of five or sir gentlemen sbould be appointed to" make out alistof those of the public (who had -hot snbseribedtovrards ■ the Hospital, . with a view to seeking to obtain an addition to the fnnds ;: and His Hxcellency the Governor, Dr. - Way, L'r.; Campbell,- Messrs. Goyder, .J; H. Aligns, . M.- Salom, T. Phillipson, and A. T. Magarey were elected-to .'form the Committee. The Scaretary reported that the architect, - Mr. McMinn, had stated that the perspective draw ings of --the institution would be ready next Thursday for distribution to the" Committee. The question of the-proposed bazaar inlaid of the institution was raised by Dr. Campbell, And it was decided that the bazaar should. tA held in March next;-In reference to Mrs. Brind'a concert in aid of the Children's Hospital, itwa» stated that the use of the Town Hall and organ ' had been granted free of charge. It was resolved to ask Mrs. Brind to fix the date for the concert. Mr. J. H. Angas euggested the holding of a Hospital Sunday as a means of. raising' funds, snd moved a-proposition to the :effeat that the Committee take measures fori a general collec tion throughout the colony on ■ some' Sunday in aid of the Children's Hospital -funds. -The pro ceeds of the first collection could be devoted to the Children's Hospital, and afterwards other institutions-might come in for, a share. Dr.. C»mpbe]l seconded, and the motion was farcied. The matter was referred to the Sub-Committee of gentlemen just appointed. New Mux at Melros*.—Out correspondent at Melrose-sends' the. folio wins under date of July 8:—" The inhabitant of Melrose may now congratulate themselves that they have in their township one of the best-built and most com pact mills north of Gawler. The mill,' Which started work last week, was erected for Messrs. Giles" & Smith, Messrs Thorn Bros, having had the contract for the building, and Messrs. A. Jones & Sons, of the Adelaide Foundry, having supplied and fixed all the machinery, the fixing having been entrusted to Mr. Barnett (engineer) and other employes of the firm." Ths height of the walls is 44 feet, and the size Within 35 feet by 24 feet; the beight of the first floor is 9 feet, second floor 10 feet, third floor 8 feet, and fourth floor 7 feet, the thickness ..of the wall being 2 feet 6 inches'. The timber used in the building is very substantial, and the building itself well finished, being quite a credit to the; contractors and a hand some addition to the township. The engine is of 16 horae-powfir (nominal 1, but it cbuld be worked up to 25.; It drives two pair of 3 ft. 10 in. stones, smutter, dressing-machine, and three sets 'of elevators with the greatest ease. The bins are all funnelled at the bottoms, and the screens are'So constructed as to take out all rubbish and dirt. Tie elevators, bins, screens, and machinery are so. conveniently placed as to take up-but a small' portion of the buildihjg, and .the' fixing Of them has been se well planned by Mr. William Kelly, -Hie miller, that,very little .manual labour is. .required in carrying out the whole working of the mill. The buildiDg consists of a ground floor and three stories,- besides the engine - and boiler houses. The -chimney-stack is 65 feet'high. On ' the top story two 400-gallon tasks are placed, which are connected with the well bym pipe, and these are always to be kept full of water.' The pipes are conveyed from the tanks to the different' stories and provided with taps and hose, so that the danger of fire is reduced to a minimum, as it would be easy work to flood the! mill, there being a fine supply of wafer in the well, and the engine being capable of filling -up the tanks as f?et as the water was drawn from them.. Mr. Gariick was the archi tect, and the total cost of the whole of the buildings was'. about £5,000. The .mill is working 18 hours per diem and turning oat first class flour. Thb Adelaide Ohhss Touemamhiti.—^This competition in progressing satisfactorily. Since our last report 'several of the leading scorers have suffered reverses, which have helped to equalise matters and make the result, mors uncertain than ever. The fourth,.drawn gams that has yet occurred took place between Hen riqnes and Stanton.. Stanton beat Evans. Ber tram met with his first defeat at . the hands of "Wren, and 'Govett's triumphant march was suddenly and skilfully checked by Mann. Fun nell, who. is picking np, worsted Machin and Henrique*, who in his turn also conquered Machin. , Melvin caused a first-class competitor —McDonald-^-to bite the dust; Govett also vanquished Hachin, and Messrs. Mann, Bertram, Wren, and Stanton .proved , too strong for Messrs. Evans, Steele, McDonald, and Melyin,. Mr. Klisser lost to both Messrs. Elliott and Bunnell. The drawing for the seventh ronnd is as fol lows:—Mann v. Klisser, Govett v. McDonald, Henriqueg v. Bertram, Melvin v. Elliot, . Wren v. Funnel!, Steele v. Machin, Evans t. Stanton (played). Thd-eighth round is thus:—Klisser v. McDonald, Elliot:ti Bertram, Steele,v. Wren, Mann v. Funnell, Stanton v. Govett, Machin v. Henrique# (played), Evans v. Melvin.. Up to date 41 games have been played. The score is as follows.— First Class. Won. Lost. F.M.Steele,jun. 3 2 J. R.Evans ... 1} 4 J. Mann ... 4 2 D. F. McDonald 1 5 Second Class T. Elliot 4 1 £. Govett 6 1 H. A. Henriques 4 Third Glass. Won.Loit. W. F. Bertram . 5 1 W. Melvin ... 2J S J. M. Stanton...' 4 ' 2" •C. W. Wren ... 3J 2 Fourth Class. H. B. Funnell... 4 2 C. L. Klisser ... J 3 T. F. Machin ... 1} 5 Chalhbes GkuecH.—The anniveasary tea and public meetings in. connection with, thin Church were held on'Tuesday, July 9, both being largely attended. The Rev. D. Baton, the pastor of the Church, read his report; in which he expressed his pleasure at being amoDgst them, and said he was sure that his predecessor, the Rev. Professor Davidson, bore with'' him at his departure. the best wishes of the congre gation. For himself, he could only repeat those acknowledgments already " tendered ''to that gentleman for the kindly encouragement he had met from him and the congregation. Successful alteratisns had been made in the musical arrangements, Mr. J. . W. Daniel's 'services having been secured as a conductor. With the intention of welding the yonng men of the con gregation closer together, it was intended to • hold the first of a series of meetings during the next week for this pmpose, and which he hoped would be both pleasant and profitable. It was also proposed to form a Dorcas Society. Too much cotud not be said regarding the wbrk done "by the Sunday-school teachers, wbo were headed by [their efficient Superintendent Mr. Steele. The rev. gentleman then made some remarks upon the subject of "The various existing edu cational forces and the position which the pUlpit and general religious machinery occupied amongst them." Th'e annual report of the Church, which was adopted, referred to the resignation of Professor Davidson ' and to the appointment of his successor, to the .election of additional Elders, and to the formation of a Young Men's and Dorcas Societies ; Also "that it had been decided to devote the Wednesday evening of every quarter to the furtherance of missionary enterprise. The Sunday-school was in a satisfactory state, there being 70 scholars and 14 teachers! The balance-sheet shotted that the income for the vear had been insuffi cient to meet the expenditure, and consequeritly en overdraft of JG47 3s- fid. had been incurred. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. Addresses were also delivered by the Rev. J. Henderson, Mr. G. Yonng, and other gentlemen. Msw Mwt. at WmnnBWK.-OB Monday afternoon, July 1, the ceremony of starting Messrs. J. Dnnn & Go.'s newmiUatWilmihgtggrl was performed by Mrs. O. B. Blackwell, jnlarge number of residents being present. After Mr. Blackwell had returned thanks on behalf of Mrs. Blackwell for the compliment paid to that lady' and had declared the enterprise fairly and suc cessfully started, the company repaired to a weU-provided table tmder the trees in front of the building, where, after the tumal loyal .toasts had been drank, Mr. G. K. - Blackwell proposed ,{Success to the'Crm of Messrs. J. Dunn k Co." Theproposer spoke in high terms of the energy of the firm in starting such establishments in the North, and said he was sore that it augured well for the prosperity of the town when the firm had thought fit to select Wilmington as one of the centres of their operations. Mr. W. H. Dnnn responded, and said he had no doubt that the enterprise would be. suocessful. He also read a telegram from Mr. John Dnnn, sen., in which that gentleman expressed regret at his inability to be present. M The town and trade of Wilmington, Beautiful Valley, and Daven port" was then given by Mr. G. Marshall, and was responded to by Mr. Brett. ' After several other toasts had been -proposed and responded, to the meeting broke up. During the day the premises were inspected by a large number of persons, and great praise was expressed at the admirable wayjnwhich they had been designed and erected. Nbw; Stkucbb for the Museat Shade.— Another valuable addition has been made to the Murray steamers in the South Australian, the property of Messrs. Wbyte, Counsell & Co., of Adelaide. The'Sonth Australian, which was built at Mnnnnra by Messrs. Hooker & Davis, is a composite vessel of 107 feet over all, 10 feet beam, and 6 feet depth of hold, and her hull for ' strength is said to have no rival on the Murray. < The cabins, which are very elaborate for a river steamer, were fitted by Messrs. Brown k Thom son. The engines, two in number, are of the high-pressure horizontal direct-acting type ; diameter of cylinders, 18 inches; stroke, 3 feet 6 inches ; steam, 80 lbs. per square inch ; nominal horse-power, 80. The machinery, which is j finished in a highly creditable manner, was made by Means. For wood, Down, & Co. at the Colonial; Ironworks. The boiler, on the locomotive ] principle, is one of the strongest and largest on the river.'and was made by Messrs. Jones and 1 Sons. It..weighs 11 tons, and is well made in j every respect. The offiei»l trial of the steamer ; took plate on Tuesday, June 35, when Mr. W. Why te and a number of gentleman friends from Adelaidetrjoined the steamer at Mannum, in tending-if, all went well to proceed to Goolwa, Mr. J. Gv McCullocb, Engineer-Surveyor, &c.;, j to the Marine Board, being present to test the machinery and boiler and also to look | after the~ working of the engines. A start ! was made about 3 p.m.. the steamer going J about three-quarters speed till the first wood i pile was- reached, where a delay of two hours ! occurred while aa much fuel was taken in as • would take the steamer back to Mannum. At <5 p.m. .affinal start was made, the engines going j full speed or about 28 revolutions per minute, j everything working well and with no -hitch, j Several stoppages took place to view what little i eould be seen on the river, Goolwa being reached i next day after a very agreeable trip. All on i board expressed a very high opinion of the merits | of the South Australian as to her passenger accommodation and towing qualities, for which I work she is principally intended. j Port^ Adelaide Market.—A good market j oentrally situated at Port Adelaide must prove ' a boon to the residents of the town and its j suburbs,-who now form a number large enough,; it is believed, to make the speculation a pro fitable Otte. Accordingly, plans have been prepare*! by Mr. G. Joachimi, GJ£., for a Company, whose propositi is to take the site of the late firm of Lake and Reynolds's timber-yard, in Commercial road, and erect thereon a number of shops, ! stalls, and other conveniences. The plans, which are on view at Mr. G. R. Selth's office, Pert Adelaide, show that the site has four street frontage*, the principal being to Commercial road apd-the others being to Dale, Marryat, and Cannon-streets. The Commercial-road eleva tion,consisting of eight stone shops of two stories high, is 191 feet long. These shops are called first class, and have upper apartments which may he converted into offices or residences as the tenants wish. At the Dale-street corner it is suggested to erect an hotel having two large rooms for the convenience of the easterners. The Dale and Cannon street frontages, running parallel and each measuring 97 feet long, also •onsist' jjf first-class two-storied stone shops. Marryat-street, which is parallel with Commer- I •ial-road, is to take eleven second-class shops, I being only one story high. In the centre of j the building there will be a covered passage 20 | feet wide, running from Dale into Cannon | street, tm both sides of which are found 30 ■tails, 3.0 by 13 feet. It is reported that the Corporation some time past tried in vain to get so suitable a site as the Company believe they have dbtained for their intended market. In order to' accommodate the Port Tramway Company and to"-bring customers to the market, . the Market ^Company will let at a low rental a part of the building at the corner of Commercial road -'and Cannon- street for a tramway termintts, the idea being to offer passengers the advantages of a comfortable waiting-room, as is frequently seen in connection with London tramways. Obituary. — We notice in our obituary columns the decease of Mrs. R. S Thompson, better known perhaps as Miss Ellen Lucy Gray, the lady who made the very beautiful wax models of fruits grown in this province. which were-shown by this colony at the Philadelphia Exhibition, and also those which now form an interesting object in the South Australian Court at the Paris Exposition. Rifle Match.—The return match between the Wallaroo and the Port Adelaide and Suburban Rifle Clubs was fired—each team at their own ranges—on Saturday afternoon, July 6\. T&a; Wallaroo men scored 862 points, while the Fortonians made 422, and were consequently the victors by about 60 points. The ranges were 200, 300, and 400 yards, seven rounds at each range, with no trial shots. Each Club was represented by seven men. It will doubtless be' remembered that the Port team were also the victors in the first match, which was fired on June 22. Coast Defences.—Colonel Scratchley will return-to Adelaide early in Angnst in order to meet Sir William Jervois and oenfer with him as to the carrying out of the coast defences of the oolohy. Punas" foe Medical Students. — We an nounced in May last that Dr. McHenry, formerly of this colony, had placed at the dis posal of the South Australian Government, througtTSir Arthur BIyth, the Agent-General, a case-of surgical instruments for presentation to the -first student from the colony who distin guished-himself in his studies at any medical school- in England or the colonies. We now learn-that the Government have given the prize to Mr. Joseph C. Verco, M.D-, son of Mr. J. C. Verco, J.P., of North Adelaide. We have already published a list of tbe honours and degrees won by Dr. Verco during his career es medical student in London of seven years, and we need only add that be is now practising his profession in Adelaide. Conduct of Buscnbss at City Gouncil Meetings.—A new code of Standing Orders for regnlatiDg the proceedings of the City Council was considered at their meeting on Monday and passed,and ordered to lie on the table for a fort night, when it will be finally adopted. One of the Orders agreed to, and to which Messrs. Raphael, Richardson, and Holland objected, was to the following effect:—" Any member who shall wilfully and without jnst cause obstruct \- the transaction of business at any meeting of Council or of any Committee shall, if it be resolved by three-fourths of the members present that such member has wilfully and without just cause obstructed or impeded the transaction of business thereat, be deemed to have failed duly and faithfully to fulfil the duties of his office according to the best of his judgment and ability, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Mayor to summon a special meeting of the whole Council, and to give notice to the said member to shew cause at such meeting why he should not he amoved from his office; and unless cause sufficient be shown to such meeting, such member may be amoved by a resolution of the members attending; and after snch amov&l; such member shall cease to be a member of the Council, and his office shall be deemed to have become vacant." The Week's Immigration and Emigration. —The number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the week ending Satur day, July 6, was 190. Of these 102 came from Loudon and 88 from Melbourne. The number who left the same port for foreign parts during the same period was 122. Of these 76 went to Melbourne, 2 to Fremantle, 4 to Newcastle, 1 to Auckland, 1 to Mauritius, and 28 to London. left Pl| with ftbout 23$i&uls.; Wiiacr^ov The ~fe<mmi» aioner of Public Works has received a telegram from Mr. J. Knowles, Under-Secretary to the PablicWOTksDepartmehtof New Zealand, stating that the Underwriters' Association hail 'celled for tenders to be sent in until Saturday next for tbe raising of the ship Hydra bad and saving the cargo. Dbowmhb.—Our correspondent at Warooka, ■writing on J uly 3, sends the following:—"* A sad accident occurred here on-sSukday last,"hy which a little giii.lost her life.? .fihc^wcnt out with two of her brothers to play on the jetty, and whilst running along lost her balance and fell over the side into the water. No one being -near hut her two little- brothers the^poor child was drowned before any help could he brought. An inquest was held on Tuesday, July 2, at which a verdict in accordance.with the circumstances was returned, and the body was buried the same day." . Pabticuxar Baptist Chu»ch, Post Ana* laxdh.—-The anniversary services' in connection with this Church were .held on Sunday and Monday, July 7 and 8. On the former date the lie vs. J.W. Bamber and H. Morgan preached three sermons to appreciative congregations. On the Monday following tea and pnhlic meet ings took place,-andat the opening gathering the pastor (J. W. Bamber) presided. It was stated that the congregation had trebled itself, while, the number of members had been increased by eight during the past year. _ Reference was particularly made to the fact that this was the first 'anniversary of the settlement of the pre sent pastor among them. Addresses were then delivered by Mr. J. Kither, the late pastor, and the Bev. Mr. Morgan. I Akothhb Bungle at Cafe Bobda.—The Syria, 2,000 tons, the pioneer steamer of the Colonial line, having left Limdon on May 30, may now be expected at any moment. > The -vessel having | been. 39 days out on Monday, and a report : having been received from Cape Borda that a - ! large steamer, barque- rigg&d;, had passed there at 8 o'clock that morning, it | thought that it moist be the new steam | ship, and any who were at all interested in her were in a considerable state-of excite ment at the prospect of her making such a splendid passage. Apparently the vessel sighted did not go close enongh to be reported, so that folks in Adelaide and at the Beach Sta- 1 tion were left in some doubt as to her identity. As usual eight or nine hours'were given her to steam up the Gulf to- the anchorage, but at 4 o'clock, when she night reasonably have been looked for to the /southward »f the Semaphore, there were no signs of her. Time passed on, and as nothing - was seen of her at sunset - the - opinion was generally held by the tfeaciprangfrs _ that some mistake had been made. Shortly* after 7 o'clook a telegram was received from Kangaroo Island, stating that the steamer Duke of Edin burgh, 300 tons, had passed Point Maraden—the north-easterly headland of the island—at 4.30 o'clock, from Port Pirie en route for Sydney. That information at onto cleared up all doubts, as it was evident that she was the vessel which had passed Cape Borda during the morning, and in coming from Port Pirie had gone through Investigator's Straits, making her way along the coast and through Backstairs Passage instead of taking the running outside the island. At the beach everything was in readiness to reoeive the steamer, both launches being under steam, while the Customs aud shipping officials and representatives from the agents aud others were all on the alert; but ou it being made known that a blunder had been made all orders were counter manded, and' those who had no further occasion to remain at the station left considerably chagrined and annoyed that the officer at Cape Borda should have reported a 300-ton auxiliary steamboat as a large steamer barque-rigged. Only a short time ago the Eleanor, with a cargo of oysters, .passing inwards, was .signalled at Cape Borda as a large steamer with only fore mast standing. No doubt at times it is difficult to discern vessels, passing the Borda Station, but the lookout surely ought to have a better knowledge of shipping than to make the absurd mistakes which we have recorded above. With the frequent-arrival of large steamers it is of the utmost importance that a sharp look out should be kept, and every means taken to be quite certain of the nature of the vessel, as when a report is once given the whole business con nected with the occurrence is set in motioc, and in case of a' mistake vexatious- and ex pensive proceedings are the result. The Late Key. P. Maclabbh.—A private telegram received from England yesterday brought the melancholy tidings of the death of the Bev. Peter Maclaren, who for several years past has' been the .minister of the Presbyterian Church at Port Adelaide. Mr. Maclaren, it will be remembered, left for England by the G-aronne in May last, and the sad event occurred on the 31st of that month, when the vessel had been out only sixteen days. The deceased gentleman studied theology under two of the most cele brated professors of the day, Dr. Chalmers and Dr. Cunningham. He subsequently became assistant to Dr. Sievewright, of Mark&ncb;, in Fifeshire, and afterwards ministered in the Presbyterian Church at Lossiemouth. About the year 1847 Mr. Maclaren removed to Brighton and became the minister of a Presby terian Church in that fashionable seaside resort. At Brighton Mr. Maclaren's ministrations were not only very acceptable to his own congrega tion, but his personal character and bis superior abilities secured for him a large amount of esteem and respect. His health rendering a change imperative Mr. Maclaren came oat to Australia in 1871. He spent some time in Sydney, and we believe received invitations te one or two Churches in the neighbourhood of that city. The Rev. J. Henderson having aooepted a call to St. Andrew's Church Mr. Maclaren - was invited to supply for a time at Port Adelaide. There hi ministrations proved so" acceptable that be was subsequently indented into the pastorate of the ' Church. Mr. Maclaren's state of Lealth obliged him to confine his labours for the most part within a comparatively narrow circle, but within that circle not only were his gifts most thoroughly appreciated, but his influence was deeply felt. He was a man of keen logical power, and withal of a rare breadth of mind and of very wide sympathies. At the Port he was universally esteemed and beloved, and all who were brought even into casual contact with him could not fail to recognise in him a true-hearted man possessed of superior mental gifts and characterized by a transparent sin cerity of character. Had Mr. Maclaren enjoyed robust health there is little doubt that he would have risen to a foremost position in the ranks of the Presbyterian clergy. As it was he oocupied no mean place. One work published by him some time ago, entitled " The Glory of the Holy Ghost," has already made its mark, and a later publication which we recently noticed, entitled " The Seven Topics of the Christian Faith," has been most favourably reviewed by the Press at home. Like all Mr. Maclaren's productions both volumes are characterized by vigour and thoroughness, by the evident marks of careful and ripened scholarship, and by a clear and forcible style. The deceased gentle man was for several years one of the tutors of Union College, the duties of which offi-e he discharged with unwearied diligence and with the utmost satisfaction to the Committee and to the students._ Mr. Maclaren, who was 53 years of age, leaves a widow, who received the sad tidings of her bereavement only yesterday, for whom, as also for the other members of the family, there will, we are sure, be a widespread feeling of sympathy. Lights and Gangwats. — As showing the marked effect of the recent prosecutions at Port Adelaide for infringements of the harbour regu lations respecting lights and gangways, it was. found, for. instance, from Jervois Bridge to Queen's "Wharf, that, with one exception, on Monday night, July 8, every " ship" occupying wharf and stage berths exhibited a light, and, except in the case of ketches lying outside others, gangways were also provided. The instance referred to in which no light was shown was that of a small cutter, apparently less than 10 tons size. While it is clear that it is unad viBable for small craft to provide the gangways specified by the regulations, and which seem suitable for larger vessels, it is equally necessary that some communication should be afforded between them and the wharf, and this was done on Monday night. Planks were mostly used, but occasionally a narrow gang *ay was fixed in the rigging of the ketch or cutter at the sam« height as the wharf upon which it rested, and over this substituted gangway a clear light was hung on the rigging. The regulations also require that a watchman shall he on the deck of " all vessels" from sunset to sunrise} hut this .rule the coasting craft have never observed, and would consider it hard and unnecessary to be compelled to observe. That the regulations should be either vague or ambiguous is an un satisfactory state of things requiring immediate rectification. Mik result* 1 .tisfactocy. TheJjflpJaide Rif^SAaaembled on Mfeir several pars^jkrounds fe^Surnaein company drillundertheir rnpe^ffioapbuiii. -BOoiupany (West Adrian^ piindedwt 14 a.m., and proceeded to the butta at Somerton for bell firing, which vu conducted under the super intendence «f the DeputyrAssistant Adjutaut General. The men. were injenarge if Cap∈ Snowies and .Lieutenant Dagenhardt. HiijJ results may qb oomndeted «jn the wife- , -factory, as themen are biitcothTriftnrinj;A«rget ^ practice. The distance was 300 yards, the highest score 18 ont'of a possible 20, though the high scores were somewhat limited in Medical [ Board will assemble at the Staff Offioeat 11 ajm<on Traday,i All men of town coafpaues at present on sick leave have to appear before theBoard." "Sergt. Jas. Bart, late 3rd Battalion Grenadier Guards, having arrived from Tioglarid,-is taken on the strength of the force and appointed sergeant ma jar and acting sergeant-major of the Ade laide Rifles, to date from the 2pd inst., date of arrival.'' ■ -- ^ f - Sudden Death at Gawibr.—An ' awfully.1 sudden death occurred at Gawler on Saturday afternoon, July & A .man named Garl.. Braunach, aged.22 years, was driving .a. spring cart into Frankel's Exchange Tarda, when he fell off the cart quite dead. - He-had heft his father'sresidence at Hoffnungsthal, nearXyndoch Valley, in the morning, apparently well. Dr. Popham has been -^attending him lately for,; disease of the heart,1 and as he- Xas given A per tificate as to the cause of death it is -unlikely an inquest will be held. Tub Aotobiogkaphv of a TkavbixkdLettbb. —We have received-the following narrativ^ibf the wanderings of a letter plainly addressed " P.O., Palmer, North. To be called for":—Sir— Wise men say we shonld speak only that which we know ; so I will, with yodr kind permission, lay before your readers a page oat of my history. I started on my maiden joarney (for i had never before been beyond the town) on April 18, . and now that I have on this 5th of July safely arrived again at my starting- point I feel $bat T] sorely may have much of interest to tell of my' ten weeks' jonrneyings and of my experiences of South Australian postal eccentricities — albeit I confess I have at times: longed to reach my destination. Ton see. I am) like my human friends, " bnt human," and prone to discontent, despite the kindness of the considerate gentlemen of Mr. Todd's; depart^ meut, who in their goodness of heart have allowed me without fee or reward: tp see so much of our fair country Alas, that benefits, shonld be so ill appreciated; yet so it ever. is. Bat now to my narration: — Prefatorily I' matt observe that the good friend who in the first instance planned my trip meant me to go direct to Palmer, some 41 miles in the north - east, and so he gave me careful directions as to the route, and left me at the Post-Office, specially enjoining that when' I reached Palmer; I was to go with an acquaintance who had promised to call for me there and take me to bear him company : further. Now no sooner w&sXleft; on my own responsibility than I threw my instructions to the winds, and decided upon having a far longer and jollier round. This, as I was folly franked, I could readily do. " The North," thought I, "the North" for me. So away I went, as I have said, on April 18, and after a deal of jolting end tumbling about I reached Beantifnl Valley, 210 miles away, on the 20th. The exhilarating country air gave me fresh energy, and having glanced at the " lovely" spot I pressed on again, and having stayed to :be stamped at Mount Brown got late on the same night to Kingswood. Here I made lie parti cular acquaintance of the Postmaster, who persuaded me not to go further north, so I stayed under his hospitable roof till June 3, by which time I had seen all that came within the scope; of my limited observation, and as the pangs of home-sickness began to trouble me I bade my generous host good-by, and returned to Beautiful Valley After a respite of a few days (during which I didn't see anything to justify the name of the township) I started once more on my travels, and brought np at Mount Brown—the old familiar spot at which. I . had spent the second day of my trip—on Jane 22. How long I stopped here ! can't recall. It must have been some days, for the next thing I remember is that on Jane 27 I was speeding along in the railway, where the guard gave me marks of his friend ship which I still hear with me.' I think it. must have been on the same'day that-I reached the dead-letter office in town, and after a slight detention there to state my opinions on the management of the country postal offices I came home on July 5, and here I am, sound as a bell, after having travelled some 500 miles or so—and all for 2d! The only thought which lessens the pleasure of my retrospect is the annoyance which my good friend at Palmer suffered through my not going there. But still what does it matter if he. didrcall at the local Pqst-Office half a dozen times ; hoping to meet me ? He doesn't guess. what, funny company I fell into, nor does he imagine what fine fellows there are in the Postal Department, or bow carefully they enquired where I wanted to go. Even when I -told, them at Kings wood that I oaght to hiive gone to-P&Imer;, and that I was disobeying instructions, they wouldn't hear of .; my going to-Palmer, so they didn't send me ' there at alL My city friend who fitted me out was mightily amused at the story of my peregrinations, and I really don't think he would have believed my statement if I hadn't had keepsakes from every place visited. He says he wonders whether many letters travel as. I have dene. Echo answers, "Do they?"—Adelaide, July 5. Referring to the above, which appeared in Monday's. Rtgitter, the Postmaster-G eneral tells ns that the error complained of arose through the letter having been addressed " Palmer, K orth." Had it, Mr. Todd adds, been addressed simply " Palmer" it would not have gone astray. As it was, all the Post-Office officials through whose hands the letter passed supposed it was intended for the Hundred of Palmer, and they forwarded it accordingly to Kiogswood, the Post-OfEoe in that hundred,'where it was kept the usual time. In connection with this expla nation it may be remarked that had the letter been intended for the " Hundred of.Balmoif.any ■ ordinary person would surely have ascertained the name of the Post-Office in the hundred; or, failing that, would have specially indicated that the " Hundred oP Palmer was meant. It seems somewhat strange that if there really was any doubt as to the destination of the letter if did not occur to one of the officers that the most reasonable course would have been to have sent it in the first instance to the " P.O., Palmer," to which it was plainly directed. If it were not claimed there they might have supposed that the " Hundred of Palmer" was meant, and have forwarded it to Kingswood as a dernier resaert. To judge from the envelope, which has been shown to us, the letter does net appear to have gone to the " P.O.," Palmer" at all. Further more, there seems to have been a good deal of avoidable delay in connection with the return of the communication to the writer after the allotted time at Kings wood had expired. Nbptuse's "WrxK-CELLAB.—A fhort time bxck, while the steam dredge was in active operation at the outer bar, debris (?) of a some what novel description was brought up by the buckets. The silh became charged with broken bottles, and the strangeness of the circumstance induced the master to stop the machinery for a minute and overhaul one of the buckets, when it was found that the dredge had brought np a number of wine bottles-, several of them broken, but three full ones. - It took np second taste to satisfy the ' finders that. " the' contents was splendid Port wine, which ^probably- had been much improved by long storage in " Neptune's cellar," for the only inference to be drawn is that tne case had been part of the cargo of the Grecian, a vessel wrecked many years back near the spot. It is net intimated whether Oaptain Webb has or has not paid the duty on his find. Aw Ukusual Lawsuit.— At the Normanville Local Oonrt, on Tuesday, July 2, in the case Fowler v. Smith, which was heard, the claim, £40 l«s., was for damages sustained by plaintiff (a minor, who sned by his father and next friend) while in defendant's service as mailboy between Yankalilla and "Victor Harbour, in consequence of his having been required to ride a horse which directly he mounted it reared, fell baek upon him, and broke his thigh, which laid him up for 32 weeks. It appeared from the evidence that when the agreement was entered into between the parties it was stipulated that plaintiff, who was a beginner at riding, should have only quiet horses to ride, which the horse in question was sot. A verdict was given for the plaintiff for £2416s. Rev. Joseph Cook's Lbctcbbs.—We have received from Messrs. G. Phillips & Co. a copy, printed in pamphlet form, of the Rev. Joseph Cook's lectures on "The Concessions of Evolu tionists" and "Does Death End All?" The lectures are characterized by all Mr. Cook's wonderful eloquence, power of thought, and vigour of expression, and will no doubt be largely read by those interested in the important questions that are discussed. Tumble Explosion.—TtBOronstadt < spondent of the Gldbt, w/^K on l[n 1, i plies the followingdfi^of toe de of & Banian tmnnMtoy'" just reached hajjrof the destrgotion of the' pedo factory KOkbaboS establishment inuiig^ several hoadnd SauTThl "Explosion took place at 3 o'cloek in the morning, and seems j to have been almost as dreadful as that winch ! .took place at £rith some years agoXrhe torpedo: ■^Workshops, tile n&vai; laboratory, toe ahecis cdh rfaining atackjfof tpipedras ueady gpr use/and kn limmensej^M^tity^of' pyromolu£e ; were blown no by three separate explosions, the second occurring two minutes after the first, and the third five minutes later. The shocks jwere feltmiles away, and in Otchakoff itself a pah^1ejaip^,^emhabTtants 'fancying that the Eng^rihfieet 'wujbbmharding the townyyThe factory, laboratory, and most of the torpedo stores were fonnd to have entirely disappeared, ■while the flames from the garrison stables rlighted ~up --with vivid effect five rowBof barracks, the windows of which had been shattered, and in some instances the roof carried away. When the fire-engines came , up5n the scene the flames were rapidly approaching the magazine near the factory, in 'which were stored 21 barrels of" gun powder and five tons of pyroxoline. fBy toe courageous exertions of the garrison these;' 'dangerous stores were removed= before the fire reached thev3 building. Letters from "the spectators speak in terms J pfhighest; admiration of the heroic conduct of ;-the -'soldiery, who coolly rolled away the barrels of powder and carried -off cases .pf dynamite under their arms while the sparks were failing" lilre^rain among them. The flames were got under*at 6 o'clock. All the ^buildingsr within two miles of the seat of toe explosion suffered damage of a more or less serious character. During the day peasants came into Otchakoff with bags and torpedo cases which had fallen at a distance of five miles from the towd, and ships at sea picked up wreckage of toe factory. 10 miles away from land. The cause of the disaster is supposed to have been * spon taneous coipbustion.' . The damage done to Go vernment and private buildin^s at Otchakoff is described in the official . report as immense. .Fortunately the loss of life was not so great as it might have been,-only 12 persons being sap posed to have perished." I Big Kangaeoos.;—-Mr. 6. Sargent, butcher, of -Hindley-street, has in his shop two very large 'kangaroos, which were brought 'down by Mr. W. jCrawford, from Mr. Bagg's run, Eastern Plains. The largest weighed. 140 lbs. Anal tax of Ship: Rodney in London.— Messrs. Harrold Brothers have received a tele gram, dited London, July 6, announcing the arrival "all well" of the ship Rodney It will . be remembered that. this. vessel took from hence a large number of passengers, including the Hon. T. English, Mr. aqd Mrs. J. Dunn, jan., Mr. and Mrs- Wm. Milne, juni, and Mr. and Mrs. Lane and others. RrvEE News.—On Monday, July 8, the River Murray was falling at the Overland Corner, but at Echuca it was 23 "ft. 10 in.'above" .the summer level, the weather being frosty and calm. Gitt Council.—At meeting of ;this body on Monday the Mayor reported that the Ade laide and Suburban. Tramway Company had agreed to attend to all the matters affecting the convenience and safety of the public which had been pointed out to them as. needing alteration. He recommended that the question of their legal rights to do certain things should for. the present be left in abeyance. A report was re ceived from the Officer of Health on thecow yards of the city, which were generally stated to be in a dirty condition. He recommended in order to ensure cleanliness that the premises be licensed in the' same way as slaughterhouses. The Council agreed to grant a lease of the race course to Mr.- Hatulin on behalf of a Committee, at-a rental of £100 per year, to be redncedto £50 per year when the sum of £2,000rhas been expended in improvements to the present Grand Stand or in the erection of anew one. With regard to the request of the Government for portion of the' Park Lands opposite Barton terrace, North Adelaide, for the purpose of con structing a small reservoir, it was decided to suggest a piece of private land as being a more suitable site for the object, but in the event of this not being approved of, to comply with the request on certain specified conditions. Mr. A. McDonald was alec ted gardener of the city squares. New Bakkxkg Comoeaimk.-—We quote the following from the Argus of July 2:—"The demand for shares in the Australasian Agency and Banking Corporation, Limited, has been a prominent feature in pastoral and commercial circles during the past few' weeks. ' This under taking has been received with great favour, more especially amongst the pastoral com munity, and there has been a strong demand for the shares, chiefly from influential wool-' growers and station-owners; consequently when the final allotments for the last issue of 15,000 shares were made oh Saturday, it was fojmdthat the applications were considerably in excess of ' the number available. The Directors-reserved 5,009 shares for South Australia and 20,000 8hares for London, all "of which may be con sidered disposed of, most of them having already been applied fop An analysis'of the share holders list discloses a wealthy proprietary, owning over 3,000,000 of sheep, and with.exten sive squatting and freehold properties, both in this colony and in New South Wales and South Australia, consequently the Company has com menced business under very encouraging auspices, and its snccess may with confidence be predicted. Already a balance of about £12300 is available to place to credit of the reserve fund, after payment of all p*eliminary expenses, notwithstanding the fact tnat the first year's transactions are not yet completed.^ The capital consists of 100,000 shares of £10 each, of which 80,000 shares have been applied for and allotted, leaving the remaining 20,000 avail able for application in London,-the object being to form a Board in London in order to secure Snglish capital at low rates of Interest on the security of the Company is debentures. The capital, amounting to £1,000,000 sterling, will be employed in advances on stations, freehold properties, stock, and wool." The River Trade.—The Riverine Herald com plains of unusual slackness in the river trade. " The rivers," it says, " are high, hut the boats are cot making as good ose of them as tbey are wont to do. The Murray is higher (23 ft. 10.in.) than it has been for three seasons, and the Mur rumbidgee is once more navigable, but still the trade holds back. Some say that Kiverina .is well stocked and does not want supplies; others that the rivers have risen so recently that there has been no time to get the river commerce into working order. This may be so, hat if the rivers had been low. in Jane in former years, there would have been consignments here waiting to be sent away sufficient to load all the boats as soon as the iise took place. Certainly a great change has come over the scene." Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers? Friend Society. — The Committee of this Society held its usual monthly meeting on Tuesday, the 2nd July, at the Church Office; the Very [Bev. the Dean of Adelaide in the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance in hand of £31 5s. 7d. The sum voted to relieve the various cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency - orders during 'the last -month, amounted to £12, being to relieve 24 cases.. Each member of the Committee was empowered to draw to the extent of 10s. in cases of emergency dorieg the ensuing month. The Secretary (Mr. H. S. Anthony) reported that he had paid. £200 off the mortgage in connection with the Home Scheme, and that daring the past month £60 had been received in subscriptions towards it. Civil Service Examinations.—Thirteen can didates for positions as cadets in the Civil Service of the colony presented themselves on Thursday, at the Refreshment-room of the Town Hall, where the examination for cadetships took place under the supervision of Mr. J. Bath, Secretary to the Council of Education. The results and names of tkosa who-have passed will be published in a few days. Ascot Heath Shehpstealing Cases.—At the Merino Police Court on Thursday, June 27, MacDonald Lochart MacDonald and Kenneth MacDonald were charged with having stolen several hundred sheep belonging to Mr. John Bobertson, of Struan, and with having stolen several hundred from Chetwynd Station, the property of Mr. Archibald Johnson. These were the sheep found at Echuca. The hearing of the case (states the Border JPatch) occupied the greater part of three days. At the close both prisoners were committed for trial for stealing sheep belonging to Mr. Henty, of Merino Downs, and Mr. Bobertson, of Struan; and Kenneth MacDonald only for stealing sheep | from Chetwynd. Bail was allowed as follows: | —Prisoners in £300 and one surety of £300 in each case. The prisoners will be tried at Hamilton on August 20. * Tkb Nhw 1 .100,000 shares haj Commercial Bug^pf Soattr* •folly 50,000 i quired to form th^DbmpmyJ Biuguix.—Thedopth of I the phe«a^toiry Wt"moa^ -^raB 3 7€ bringing up the total for the half-year inches. This has only been exceeded five times since the colony .was founded, namely:—In 1847, the;rainfalt jftfr Hie first Jix months was 15*478 inches; in 1853^t was 1!|!|36inches; in 1858 it AMnnnlAll (a . iiumiab / in if amounted to 1B;4961 inches: and in 1875 it reached the morimnm of 17*088 inches; the quantity registered in 1877 having been 14*800 inches. It is worthy of remark, however, that in the wettest year (1851) the depth of rain in [Adelaide doring the first six -months-was only £j2'425 inches*.*; ** > ^ r ^ "L } \f j Kew Branch of National Bank-—A branch" of the National Bank has been opened at Orroroe. .... University of Aselaidb.—At a special meet ing of the Council of the University held on Thursday,. Joly4, it wast, decided to erect, a building .containing the ^accommodation pro vided for in Mr. McMinn's plan, and the Govern .me'ffit Ufe'4» be asked to,place the fehm.of £65)00 on the' Estimates for ihe current year and a i similar amountnext year for building purposes. -The Council algo resolved to. send to England for *a Professor rjjf Glassies, to whom jbheyjare prepared "to give" £1,000 a year. " The Board 1 appointed to select a Pirofessor are the Chancel- i lor (Bishop : Short),.* the Agent-General (Sir Arthur-Blytb), the Be v. W."H. Thompson, D.D., and the Bev. H-G-Xiddell, D.D. . ** China. Faiuhb Bbuef liitb.—The .total; amount received to date on account of this fund is £1,062 16s. 9cL We understand that £1,000 has been forwarded through the Bank of Adelaide to the Oriental Bank Corporation, Shanghai, to be handed over to the Chairman of the Central Chinese Famine Belief Committee at that place. A Monstbb of thb Night.—At midnight on Friday a shrill whistling and screaming in Kihg William-street, brought all who were up and about at that hour into the street to see what was the matter. At first sight theridea was suggested that one of the Glenelg or; Port line. engines had lost its way, or had been supplied^ with something stronger than water, which had * affected its usual workaday sobriety., of action, , causing it .to leave its shed and come, out and. play pranks in the public thoroughfares. On closer inspectipn, however, it-was- seen that the cause .of the unwonted disturbance jot the "stilly night" was the Corporation's' -steam' road-roller, which had been brought,-out to level down, newly-laid metal in King William-street. The roller is not a thing of beauty, but in the gloom of night, with its nnwieldybody and swaying lights, it looked indeed an ugly monster. However, it does its work well, which after all is the principal consideration,, and might defend its lack oPoomeBness behind the old saying," Handsome is thatliandsome does but those who witnessed its first"appearance will agree with the suggestion that it, need not be made more terrible, fco-.its equine rivals by the • prolonged screaming which it then kept up. Hotel Accommodation at Pobt Adblaidb.—■ Li it el y there have been fresh signs of progress in regard to hotel accommodation at Fort Adelaide and one instance is afforded by the Brunswick Pier Restaurant and 'Hotel. For about twelve months past Mr. G. Sefton. the enterprising proprietor, has carried on the house, which is situated in St. Vincent-street, Port Adelaide, as a restaurant, but latterly sought and ultimately obtained an hotel licence. To get the licence it became neoessary to enlarge the house; accor dingly nine rooms were added,of which two were dining-rooms and seven bedrooms. The chief dining-room upon the ground-floor 'is 25 x 16 x 14 feet. Baptist Church, Goodwood Park.—On Wednesday evening, July 8, about forty mem bers and friends of the congtegatian of this Church sat down to a social tea, the object of the gathering being to bid farewell to Mr. and Mrs. Pike, who are .about to proceed to the Northern Areas." The untiring efforts of Mr. Pike on behalf of the' Church, although he has - been in the neighbourhood of Goodwood but a short time, have secured for him many friends, and during the meeting many kind things were said of him and his wife and good wishes ex pressed for'their future welfare. It is just 12 months since the Baptists at Goodwood decided to build their church, and the success which has attended their efforts has been most-, satisfac tory. . • The Ret. Morgan Williams.—We note from the Independent and Presbyterian that tbe Rev: Morgan Williams, B.A., formerly of Kapunda, has accepted tbe pastorate of a Church at Tot ness, Devonshire. Port Land Company.—A further1 dividend of £2 10s.' per share has been declared by this. Company. Wesley an Items.—-We notice from the Methodist Journal that at a recent meeting at Kent Town the Rev, S. Knight intimated that the Rev. J. Bickford had written, saying he would probably be. in Australia by the end of September; and Mr. Knight asked that-.Mr Bickford be accepted as the Superintendent during the ensuing six months in order to liberate him. for a voyage to England. His medical advisers had insisted on a period of cessation from active work, and he proposed a six months' journey to England and back. The request was cordially acceded; to,- and Mr. Bickford welcomed by anticipation to the circuit." - ' • Hindmabsh State School.—This State school, which yens completed in May last, was formally opened by the Minister of Education (the Hon. N. BIyth) on Friday, July 5. The school is fitted for 1,000 children, and 530 were present at the opening. A Lake in the North.—The Coondumhoo correspondent of the Port Augusta Dispatch says:—" An item of interest is the discovery of a very nice lake on Mr. Price Maurice's country, about 50 miles from here, which has a depth of 10 feet of water in it at present. It is some three or four miles ronnd, and likely to last a couple of years." Port A phi aide Corporation.—A meeting of the Port Adelaide Corporation took place on Friday night, July 5. It was proposed to pro ceed against the drivers of railway trucks npt oarrying a light in Port Adelaide; bat as it was believed that the matter had been referred to the Government by the S. A. Carrying Com pany it was resolved to extend the period for compliance with the Council's wishes. Prompt steps are being taken to carry oat the work of draining tbe eastern side of the Port-road. The Government have paid £500 into the Treasury on account of the same, and the Corporation have accepted two tenders .in relation .to the undertaking. The Central Board of Health asked for a. report on the sanitary condition of dairies in tbe town; bnt tbe Town Clerk said there were no dairies in the municipality. The Commissioner of Crown Lands, replying to the Council's resolution, stated that Mayors, Justices of the Peace, and tbe police were em powered to give temporary relief to destitute persons.- The Mayor initiated a brief discussion culminating in a generally expressed wish for a methodical management of the public works, it being-complained that the works were began everywhere and finished nowhere. FjjOTSAir.—The Commissioner of Police has received the following telegram from Mr. Geo. Snelling, the . special constable at Kingscote, Kangaroo Island, dated July 4:—"About tan miles to eastward of Cape Borda I picked up wicker basket jar, lately had brandy in; also stern sheets of boat painted white. Several oocoanuts have been picked up by residents on thG north coast, also one tin of preserved meat.9' The question arises whether these finds do not indicate souse disaster caused by the late gales. It might be worth while to have the southern shores of Kangaroo Island inspected, with a view of ascertaining whether there are any evidences of a wreck having taken place in the neighbour hood of our coast. The southern seaboard of the island is for the most part very wild and rocky, and many portions of it are not visited frem year's end to year's end, so that wreckage might lie there for a long time unnoticed. St. Andrew's New Lecture Haul.—Opening meetings in connection with the St. Andrew's new Lecture Wall and class-rooms were held in the Lecture Hall, Wakefield-street,on Thursday evening, July 4. Interesting addresses were I delivered and congratulatory remarks were ten- j dered to the congregation as the possessors of ; such fine buildings. Vicb-Co»6UL fob Denmark. — His Danish Majesty's Consul at Melbourne has provisionally appointed Mr. Fred. Wright to be Vice-Consul for Denmark in South Australia. Waulaboo.-^W6 are aomjgiipat tfac'projpfto of jHb®*%ay boafifag, amtbae|p^>KrdB^';||;|iet —findaUwd in by-tile reside*!* J ©f Wajfubo. In nmpy other ^places, where jticen onlytake place ubiierdifficulties, it uextattnely -popular,*nd eompbtitioadiwtWfoa rowmg sluhe. frequently occur. We Hunk if, in addition to Mr. Barton's four-oared cutter, another boat of .the same kind was purchased by subscription and* little rivalry jbrtHjght inkqplay, it would benefit those immediately engaged, as wen as add to our slender stoetof amusements. - TjftrgisT —On Saturday, Jolyfl, Mr. T. Ward, J.P., the pity Coroner, held an inquest in the Adelaide Hospital on the body of George Thomas Harrington. Mr. J. ^. .Seilar was Foreman;'of the'Jury. . From -theevidenee it appeared that decsaB^ waB foand lying en the road at North Adelaide on June 29 by a man named Charles Chapman, and was put by him into his cart, which was about 300 yards away. Deceased.waB taken to the PoUoe -Station by Chapman, who thought he was drank. A little boy tola Chapman he saw the man fall out of his sort, but the lad could not be found, so that his evidence was not forthcoming at. the-in-. quest. Patrick Davidson, a polioe-constahie,' said deoeosed" was' intoxicated when lietwas brought into the -North-Adelaide Station,And offered resistance tobeing'searched. A slight wound was_discovered on the back of his head, hut-he made, no mention of .the accident. He was, taken lo a oell and.' a blanket put under his head. He was subsequently let outon hail, and> when he .left, ha seemed'' to suffer pain in -his" limbs. ' Deceased's daughter, Jmma Sophi$ Harring ton, said her father was a-butcher, and some tirhes gut intoxiaafced.; "When-lie was brought home on Saturday he complained of his side. Dr. Ward, Junior House Sageon, Adelaide Hospital, ssid deceased was admittedcon June 30, at which time he was insensible. He had a bruise on his right temple and a scratch over tbe eye. H« appeared to be suffering from concussion of the brain, and died on July-J. He was never well enough t® say how he got injured. , On the post-mortem examination there proved to be a fracture'" of the temporal bone and 4 clot of blood .weighing seven ounees | over the fracture. The other organs were healthy. The immediate cause of death, was •fracture of the skull and extravasation of blood on to the brain.' . Tbe 'doctor thought' the fracture was probably the cause of a fall. Other eviderieewas given. 'showihg' that before his" removal to the Hospital £ee»«ed's friends thought, ha'was suffering from the effects of drink. ; He had spoken,.but gave no .account of his mishap. The ..wife's statement' was that i deceased had bsen drinking of late, and that when drunk he Was very reticent. The Jury found ^ that death was caused' by fracture of the skull and extravasation of blood on to the brain, sup-' poeed to be the result of a fall. ■ — -i StTDBHir Dhath.—The death at the Willows of an aboriginal woman named Mary Newland was reported to the City Coroner on Saturday night, July 6. On'Ohquiry'ifwas found that* she had left the Hospital, where she had been under treatment for disease of the longs, only a few days before. Her own people had taken her out contrary to the wishes of the Hospital Surgeon, and she had also tried to leave on a. previous Occasion. The Coroner, after seeing Dr. OlincLening, whose patient the woman was. in She Hospital,- gave a certificate as -to the cause at. death and an. inquest was considered unnecessary. vxwn.EE Gaswoeks.—The Bunyip. of July 6 has the following:—* A somewhat remarkable and unexpected circumstance occurred last Saturday evening. About 8 o'clock, when ihe principal business establishments of the town' were in full swing with, customers, all. the gas lamps were suddenly extinguished, and there was quite a commotion -in consequence. Kero-" sine and oil were then resorted to, and hat for these total darkness would have ensued. The inconvenience to which the shopkeepers were pnt was, however, temporary, and on Monday evening the gas was available as ushal. Chi enquiry >£ the works we were informed that the short supply of gas was caused hy two new retorts being fixed; and that during the process of doiug so it is impossible to manufacture any gas. For some days after being fixed these new retorts consume all the gas they make, but when once in proper working order a large supply can be obtained." Mishap on the Nobth Line of Railway.— Our correspondent at Farrell's Flat states that an accident which might have been attended with serious results happened to the passenger train from the Bnrra when approaching Farrell's Flat Station on Saturday morning.. -.. It appears that there was a large stone between the rails close to the points, but having been -crashed -hy - some means it- was scarcely noticeable, and the flanges of the front wheels of the engine ran off on to the metal. The train was soon stopped, and' the enginedriver with a little assistance got'the epgineon the line again and went on his Way. Tobacco Poisoning.—On Sunday morning ; last; (says the G atcler Standard) one : of (the children of Mr. J. B. Hocking, tobacconist, of Murray-street, a little girl of about three years of age, got hold of. a cigar and gave it to a baby brother to suck. ' He probably imagined that it was some new kind of- food, and went at it with gusto. In a short time the end had dis appeared, and it was found, that the child.had" swallowed it: ' The baby-for some hours showed signs of being affected by the poison, hut soon recovered, and is now as well as ever. Virginia Agricultural Society.—A meeting of the Virginia Agricultural Society was. held on Thursday evening, July 4, at the Wbeat sheaf Inn, there being present—Messrs. "William Crosby, President (in the chair), J. B. Talbot, James Lindsay, R. Hatcher. L. Hewitt, J.P., W. J. Baker,* G. Huxtable, J. RyaD, W. H. Chappie, G. Miles, C. Hatcher, William Warden, J. Odgers (Treasurer), and the Hon. Secretary (John Nash). The President read the auditor's report, who certified that the Society was in a' very healthy state, there being a balance of £20 18s. to the credit of the Society. The balance sheet showed that the receipts were £13218s.6d. and the expenditure £11110s. fid. The balance sheet. and auditor's report were adopted. A letter was read from the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society, informing the Society that the application made.by the Society had been favourably considered and £10 had been placed to their- credit to award .as.two prizes for ploughing at their next" ploughing match, with a recommendation that preference should be given to double-farrow' and treble-furrow ploughs; to he acknowledged with thanks. The two gold medals which were awarded to Messrs. T. Cowan's and H. Chambers's entire horses at the Virginia Show were produced for the in spection of the .members present. The election ■ of officers for the ensuing year/ then took place, and resulted as follows:—Mr. X. Hewitt, J.P., was elected President, Mr.'James Lindsay Vice President, Mr. Joaiah Odgers Treasurer, Messrs. William'Crosby and James B,Talbot Auditors, .: and Mr. Jno. Nash Secretary..'-A vate of thanks was given to Mr. Crosby for the manner in which he had conducted the business of the' Society as President for the'past two years, and regret was expressed by all present that Mr. Crosby declined to act again. Mr. Crosby acknowledged .the compliment, and hoped that the Society would continue its prosperity. It was resolved that the ploughing match and show should take plaee iu August. - ; Thb River Trade.—According to theSouthern Argus the Queen of the 'South still successfully navigateB the Murray-mou&i; every week, bring ing in large cargoes for the rivers, which are mostly transhipped direct into the river barges, thus saving all extra haulage. An immense quantity of stores have been dispatched , by the steamers, and it is hoped there will shortly be some heavy traffic down. The Cadell, steamer, is being rapidly fitted with her powerful engines, and it is expected she will be ready for her trial trip in five or six weeks. She will be a more powerful boat than the Queen of the South, with paddle propellers, and we hear that -it is most probable she will be pnt on in the Queen's trade, whilst the latter will trade between Goolwa and Melbourne. We hear also that a boat is coming down from Echuca, and another from Melbourne shortly, both for trading through the month. We would suggest, if the Murray-mouth cannot he artificially improved, the advisability of appointing a pilot expressly for the duty of piloting vessels in and through the mouth. A signalman is already stationed near the mouth, hut we imagine a pilot would be a most useful addition to the trade, especially to new comers, of which we believe there will not be a few by-and-by. Several ste »mers and barges are still undergoing a thorough renovating at the slip. Such a lot of this sort of work has been going on lately that j we question whether the river fleet as a whole was ev°r in such respectable trim before. Dbpabtcbb op the Cuzco.— Owing to the unavoidable delay in docking the steamship Cuzco in Melbourne, her departure from the Semaphore has been postponed from the 10th to the 20th inst. J^asxobae Sl&paamT; or tub Nobbhbjoi TeBBiTOBT.—JQmtiier novel enterprise (mj» the Artsts ExpBm) on the port of a fanner merit* attentiojSpt has usually been suppesed that pastoral vSjtaxea are impossible axsept to Sentlemen ofjAe capital. Such doea not nm i: be ihe^ejpuon of Mr. George Cocker, who 'bajB been-4nrming for aome years pest with vary ing success on' Magpie Greek. We learn that, determined to share the advantages of the ~ terms o£efed by Government to pMforaJgp. in the^o^ernTfflritoiy.hVhassf *" — square mites adjoining theagrici] res^rves iii the aagle of the Boperand St ways Bivers. ! Mr. Cooper palsed thrbh_ Gladstone on Saturday, the 23rd nit., with two wagons laden with provisions and other requi sites for the long overland trip of some 1.4C0 miles, and a mob of 40 horses. He has with him bis three aons, an overlander who was recently with Dr. Browne's party, and a black feilow. We wish him every success in his attempt to pioneer the way of farmers to exten sive.pastond settlement. Improvements at Goolwa.—The Southern Argus has the following:—" Mr. Wishartis now busy pntting tip workshops for the Goolwa -Wharf Extension, which, is to be '.'commenced immediately.Tbewharf is to be-extended to tfae end of the dolphins at the lower end> of the present.wharf and np as far es thejpont jettyAt"v die upper end, and we believe some dolphins ere • to be erected at tbe opposite side of the riverjor—. imoorinjg purposes. The new public; jschobl ifte also to te commenced - forthwith, Messrs. Trenouth k Dick, of Strathalbyn, being the con-, r tractors. Mr. James Kennedy, of jfcathalbya also, has contracted for some additions- to *' banking-premises at Goolwa. Messrs^ Nicel land ,rolifer, of Victor Harbour,. are .making^ great-progress -with the Xnstitu^.II≪, which ' ipromiseg to be a substantial and commpdiops struct lire. Improvements ;are jalao contemplated^; at the Gdelwa Hotel, And several other bnilding4* operations are being carried en. ||Thb Cable Nbootiatioxs.—From£the Argus we learn that the Chief Secretary of -Virtoria r.-ceived a telegram on Friday, July 5, from Mr. Burns, tbe Posiniatter-General of New South 'Wales, who is now on a visit to New Zealand for the purpose of endeavouring to induce the New Zealand Government to join the Australian Colonies in the contract with the Cable Company for a duplication of the cable. Mr. Barns'states that' he has not yet succeeded in obtaining, -any . definite .decision, on this point, bat be is "not without hope of bringing about a favourable terminuttenpf thepegotiation. The NewUZea laud Government are chagrined that the Con ference did' not come to any resolution concern ing the maintenance of the cable connecting New South. "Wales, with New Zealand, whjch they hold-to W ahational undertaking.-^3® is possible, however, that this difficulty maybe overcome. ' Proposed RjiiiyyAY* Extension in Victoria. —-The Aigtis qfifie 4th instant publishes the following .particulars of the lines of railways proposed to be constructed in Victoria:—"Tie real way proposals of the Government whiclrhave been alrehdy nsmed provide for the contraction of 770 miles out of the 1,000 on which ; the Minister of Railways is understood to hive set hisiieart..The railway to the Darling junction, which, according to Mr. Woods, is to checkmate the South. Australian efforts to secure' that trade, ia 192 miles, in length. This line "starts from St. Ariiaud, and passes through. cptuitry at the present time very thinly populated. The total length of the railway . from the Darling junction to Melbourne? will be over 350 miles. The line from Colac to Apsley, on the South Australian border, will be 186 miles. The second line, to tap the Murray, is from Gosrnong to SwanhUl, a distance of 96 miles. The Tallarook to Mans field Railway, and the Upper Yarra linejfrbm Melbourne to Alexandra, via Fernshaw, are both 75 miles in length. The Bridgewater to Kerang is 60 'miles f the Momington line, that is,, from Brighton ,tp Bastings, 35 miles; the continua tion of the Gippsland line from Sale to Bairnsdale, 34 miles; and the Lancefield-road to Lancefield 14 iniles, The suburban line to Brunswick is three miles in length. Mr. Woods has yet 230 miles to allot." Professor Lamb's Lectures.—The second o Professor Lamb's coarse of lectures on ?'The Earth's Shape and our Knowledge of it" was . delivered by him in the South Australian Insti tute Reading-room on Monday evening, July 8, to a; somewhat . .small but interested audience. In his last lecture Professor Lamb discoursed upon the earth's shape and size, and on this 'occasion his Subject was latitude, longitude, and time, the means of calculating which he described at considerable length by meansof the glohv diagrams, and a blackboard. He also gave an interesting illustration of the use of the sextant and its value to mariners. The next lecture will be on maps and charts. Naw Insurance Company.—On Monday a ' deputation consisting of gentlemen interested in the formation of a new Marine Insurance Com pany waited on the Chief Secretary to -request the Government to support the Bill introduced .into .Parliament by -Mr. King amendihg the Companies Act of 1871 by providing that the Marine Insurance Companies should not as at present be excepted from its operation.' They pointed, out that no reason was given at the time of the passing of this Act for the enactment of this clause, and that the provision did not exist either in England or the adjoining colonies. . Mr. Morgan promised to lay the statements'-of 'thai.deputation before his col leagues, at the same time intimating his inclina tion in favour of a private Bill. Government Tenders.—The following lowest tenders for Government works were received at theoffice' of the Engineer-in-Chief on Monday morning:—Kadina and Baronga Gap Extension Railway, Thompson & Riseley; overcoats ' for firemen oh the S. A. R., Will? & Co. ;* station and platform at Hallett, Robin & Hack (only tenders). I'V, Building Stonh.—Oar Salisbury correspon dent writes:—"The great demand at Port Ade laide for building-stone has pointed attention to the Para Hills, and within three miles' of onr Railway Station there is a vast supply and of excellent Quality. A branch line from here could be cheaply constructed, and should eer ' ainly be considered before an extension' of' the Stockade.line is determined upon. Already a large rjuantity. of stone is being carted from Pedlar's Quarry to the Station, but a branch line would greatly lessen the cost.'' RrrBK News.—On Friday, July 5, the. River Murray waB, at Echuca, 24 feet 5 in. above the ordinary summer level. - Wobth Looking Aftbe.—A resident of Williamstown (Victoria) named John O'Keeffe, a painter by trade, claims (according to the Wil liamstown Chronicle) to be half-brother to "Charles Robert O'Keeffe, the millionaire, who^iied in testate in India some years ago, leaving a for tune estimated at £5,000,000. He has agents attending to .his interests at home and in Indie, ~and he;'holds;in his possession documentary evideuco which will establish his close relation ship, to 'the' deceased, and show .beyond doubt - that he is much nearer of. kin "to--the deceased, than Mr. McCarthy, of Limerick.' Mr. O'Keeffe says his father was in London in 1803, having left Ireland -for family reasons. The deceased was his son by a first marriage, a brother who died many years ago being a priest in Ireland, By the second man iage John O'Keeffe, of Williamstown, was born, with several other children. Charles Robert O'Keeffe is said te have gone to India as a private soldier, bat this Mr. O'Keeffe asserts is incorrect. The papers which he has in his possession will prove the genealogy of the family for nearly a hnndred years back, and his acquaintance with the affairs of the whole family up to the time of his coming to this colony 24 years ago is most inti mate. Oddfellows' Delegate from America—Mr. J. B. Harmon has recently arrived in Victoria on a mission from the Ancient Independent Order of Oddfellows of America to the mem bers of the same Order in that colony, and on Monday evening, July 1, he was entertained at dinner by the Oddfellows of Melbourne. The Chqcbobazo.—Messrs. J. Stilling & Co inform as that their agents at King .George's Sound advise that the Ghimborazo passed to westward of Breaksea. Light at noon of the tith instant. The Lost Ten Tribes.—A meeting was held on Monday at the Flinders-street Baptist Vestry of those interested in the subject of the Lost Ten Tribes of Israel. The topic of the evening—"Israel must be- discovered as a Christian nation"—was introduced by Mr. .James in an able manner.- An animated discus sion followed, in which many of those present took a part, and although the Bubjcct was not by any means exhausted or proved beyond a doubt many very striking proofs were brought forward in support of the theory. It was also announced that a fortnightly meeting will be held in future to discuss the whole subject, the time and place to be advertised. 