Sporting Notes from England. By " Podargus." LONDON, 12th April, 1S7& l ReWB from Lincoln bring, Let s hail the glad return of Spring, And eiog Like Thomson long ago. To follow racing, week after week, for ten months oat of the year ia no easy task, however pleasurable the sarroa tidings may at times appear. It is, in fact, aa infatuating sort tf life, that grows upon a man to saeh aa extent that even if ill-fortune should befall him, he seldom, ever, shakes it off, and trudges oa from aeasen to season, eventually ending his wretohed days t m expectation that, Mioawber-like, something may turn up. Hard lines indeed, especially if ; he should finish badly in November. The winter ! (ah I how many, although an exceed mgly mild one, have felt it sharply 5 but at Lin- 1 coin it is few that we miss. All the important and influential faces are there, and even the most humble try to begin the eeasen with a cheery countenance, aad brimfui of hope. Bat , "He many ills the prth beset turn wlio ventures forth to bet f' And particularly so at Lincoln. So early in the u Poor hacker" ia curried away fey Suiw ?a"Ps» hut who knows whether the rial horses have retained their form, and the glorious uncertainty of the tnrf is perhaps never more verified. Bat a start must be made some where, and the UrihUme never mm eo man? 5u«wmbk This was owing to the Prince of f£T! agisting for the first time at the opening Jfr -AMon, and His Royal Highness was one j Si many gacsts of Henry Chaplin, Esq., of .1 tnnv within an easy drive of the coarse, on the first day, was covered with I Jand to " early birds" eut to see the gallops ?w»ked any odds against racing. Old Sol I ;« <mt with anasaal warmth for the time Swar, however, dispeUed the idea of postpone- I it and the time-honoured Trial was deoided I Stiii appointed hour, and ended ia favour of I t !a Wilton's Redoubt, a son of Parmesan, who I the mottnt of Constable Althongh the I HSnrg of another noble patron in Lord Hartiug- I £ was landed on Witchery in the Tathwel\ I Makes, the first two-year-old went of &e; year, I trUnrUv'H sport was rather dull ; and the rich I tLokleby improved matters on the Toesday, I Tthe pair was the property of I Sr Chaplin. This was Devotee, by Hermit out I It Kafipyse, a thick-set and well-tried one, I tot pefhapa not «o good- looking as the colt by I Shi itake out of Tragedy, the other 4od1»atert I by the enoe- called " lucky "Maidment, 1 Ju i hope, will take advantage of the good I dart After so severe a race, it was wise, too, I for the owners to divide the stakes, and although I the oolt by Blinkhoolie out of Corieose finished I tot half a length off, it is certain that he would I jJLe been nearer but for being interfered with. I Sis argument was somewhat strengthened by I Ms galloping down ken opponents in the Lincoln I So w the last day, when Pack, a gelding by I tiiLummer, by Tim Whiffler, added another I via to his long list of bant races. JSext I taming attention to the chief raco of the I meetinr, the Lincolnshire Handicap, few could I uf but that it was a moBt successful affair, the I only drawback being the raw, cold day on which I ft was decided. Still, even this did not prevent I I large and aristocratic company from being I present, including Baron Bramwell, the presiding I fudge at the then sitting Lincoln assizes. The I Juroa had set his mind, it appears, upon an early I adjournment of the court, and in a neat and I nggestivo speech, he gave the jury the hint in I the usual legal fashion. The men in the box, it I aeems, did not care about racing, and through I the foreman, a reply was conveyed to that effect ; I bat as the worthy judge was bent upon visiting 1 tie Carlholme, be had to open his heart and I virtually tell them that the Lincolnshire Bandi- I osp was a great race, and that he intended I weing it. The 1,000 soys added caused no I fswer than twenty-seven runners to face the I starter, and considering that the race had I occupied the attention of the speculative public 1 f k over a couple of months, the backers had I hardly room for complaining, seeing that Bal- I briggau, Arbitrator, and Rhylstone was the only I trio supported for much money that did not see I the post. The early fancies, Sidonia, Tassel, and I Touched, held their positions to the finish, to I say nothing of stripping In the pink of condition, 1 h did Kaleidoscope, who, since he had been 1 added to the list of geldings, had gone on the 1 fight way. Robert Peck, his trainer, too, was I r t a HA-- fkn flfwmoU) At whftfe urimiai OI conuwuw vu — Vj I the horse had done when asked the question j 1 with Dalham, and another highly-tried one was I the rogue Adamite, trained in the same stable as I Bewclerc, the Derby favourite. Twine the I Plaldea, another north- country candidate, had I perhaps more friends than Adamite, and the fact I rflthona having had a foal last wwon to Julius, I In the eyes of her supporters it did not detract I frcm Ivor merits, for it appears that she was only 1 jait beaten by Heaper in a home sp enbse- I quent to the latter success over hurdles at I Croydon. The best outsiders at the finish were 1 Anttent Pistol aud Rosy Cross, the ktter of 1 whom would have been the mount of Fred. I Archer but for a family tereyement, oausedby I his brother William being killed while riding in I i steeplechase at Cheltenham the week previous | to the race, of which I new append the details. I Lincolnshire Handicap of 1,000 8 ® | I toa sweepstakes of 20 sovseach, h. ft. Second , I received 50 sovs out of the stes,Mdthe I third saved his stake. One mile ; 122 subs, I ' 34 of whom declared forfeit, p ,non I M a. Peck1 h g Kaleidoscope, by Speculum— Reel use. 1 CibyB<OTcian— Imporition,4 g I JrttoJa'oradle.by Set siw-Honeymoon5 g I "Set, 4 yr«, 7,t laTb; I »Udy Ronald, 4 y a, S.t (carried S«tllh) , I Chevron, 4 yrs, 7st 10lb j Luia, 5 yrs, 7st 9b, I Charivari ILL, 5 yrs, 7«t 91b ; Twine the 1 rluden, 5 yrs, 7at 8lb ; The unosr, o y«, I 4ib; Juan, 4 yrs, 7st 5ib; Ithoua, 5 yJ 7st I fib ; Organist, aged, 7st 4ib; Sidoni«, 4 yrt, I 7«t4lb; Adamite, 4 yrs, 7 3lb; 1 I 7«t 2lb j Telescope, 6 yrs, 7st lib ; Suffolk Lad, I « yr», 6 it 12lb ; Doublou, 4 yrs, 6st lllb 1 leirried 6&t; 5121b ; MuUington, 4 yrs, 6st 9lb | I (carried 6 it 101b) ; Cincinnatus, 3 yrs, 6st bib , I Trommel, 4 yrs, Gst 7lb ; Salieman, aged, 6«t I 71b; Luckpenny, 4 yrs, 6 it 61b; eh g Jove out I ti Spec, 4 yrs, 6st 4lb ; and Antient Pisto , I 1 yn, fat, I I Betting : 9 to 2 ,.aget Tassel, 6 to 1 agst J a Kaleidoscope, 160 to 15 agstSidonia, 9 to 1 ags J Toaohet, The Lincoln Handicap being run upon | a 1 straight mile makes it difficult to desorito, 1 I bat as soon as theoolours were discernible, two rid stagers in Telescope and Salieman were seen a it the bead of affairs, with Suffolk Lad, Autien 1 Pistol, Cradle, Rosy CroBs, and The Ghost at 1 the head of the remainder, of which Touches, j Kaleidoscope, and Sidonia held prominent pow I tioas, with Tassel and Ithoua at the tail end. a At the end of a quarter of a mile Sulieman I began to lose his place, and Cradle and Bwy I woss were Telescope's nearest opponents until B naif the journey, when Teiesoope gradually re- I I sud Kaleidoscope also Rooked out of it. I a Cradle then shot to the fore, with Rosy Cross, j a tttffolk Lad, and Antient Pistol next, and it j 1 not until a quarter of mile from home that I I Kaleidoscope and Toucbet began to improve j I places. Although the last named was j httoh interfered with, Kaleidoscope got through I 1 right, and heading Cradle and Rosy Cross in I got the best of an interesting race at toe | 1 n.' hd won by a length ; three lengths ott, I I J?116 ws third, two lengths in front of j Jffohet, who was placed fourth; then pame I fifth, Suffolk Lad sixth, Orgaoist I Sth, Chevron eighth, Trommel ninth, with ir800?® and Antient Pistol at the head of the I l of whom MuUington, Adamite, and I were the last three. Value of tit® I £1960. I J|ja win 8doh aa important raoeas the above I I U/ST-1 uncertain customer like Kaleidoswipe, r®at Peck must be considered fortunate, and his \- may be attributed totiiehorae having beeu : a deal since hie owner gane 790 guineas for him at Lord Dnpplin's sale in July last, pre- viousiwwhich -he Mtd- nnjoyed' the reputation of having startedfavourlte for the Two Thousand Guineas the same year that his then stable com panion, Petrarch, bowled over the "good thing" iu a canter. The position occupied by Rosy Cross rather surprised those who saw the ' filly roughly handled in the market before the fdi of the fiag ; and it was rather hard lines for those who hacked Touehet for a place to see Constable puU him up when he could for a cer tainty have beaten .Cradle, who was much fancied by the Stanton folks after Redoubt had landed the Trial Stakes io a hand cauter. , The success of Lord Rosebery's colours would, how ever, have been bailed with great cheering had \Touchet have landed, seeing that- only a few »ys previous his lordship had been married to . t8R Hannah de Rothschild, perhaps the richest vaawoa wan« UUIU p BUU IV 19 Ul/V UUUfitflj UiBs the hone will reverse the form with Kaleido- scope in the City and Suburban. To say. that Sidonia ran but moderate is aU that may be written in his favour, and the rank impostor of the race was Tassel, who figured at the.tail from enu to end. The form displayed was too bad to be true,- and on his return to Newmarket the fact of lus being placed under veterinary treatment showed that a sorew was loose somewhere. Lincoln concluded, it was very few that re turned to themetropolis instead of first travelling to Liverpool, and among those who followed the I latter oonrse was the Prince of Wales, who was I here the gnest ef Lord Sefton at Croxtetb. I His Royal Highness had ;never seen a Grand J National, and taking all thingsinto coqsideration, I he conld not have witnessed it at a more inoppor- I tune time, seeing that a scarcity ef steeplechasers I this season caused a por field to go- to the post, 1 and the race was consequently not te be compared I with its predecessors. Independent of a failure I in this respect, the unfair proceedings that took 1 place in connection with Liberator (the seeond- | best last year) and Citizen, gave rise te a deal of | dissatisfaction, and after Austerlitz had met l with an accident, it was indeed lucky for Robert J I' Anson to supply the first favourite in His Lord- 1 ship, a semawhat leggy horse, five years old, by Lord Ronald out of Sheelah. With the pen put through the name of Liberator, his owner fell back upon Pride of Kildare, and besides the j tatter, the dozen competitors included two other Irish candidates in Martha and Tattoo, the latter of whom played havoc with the race, as the appended account will presently show. Regal, having become unsound, left little chance of the prize falling to Captain MaoheTs stable; but still they were represented by Miss Lizzie, Curator, and Jackal, the latter of whom was most fancied of the trio. Although Boyne Water never could stay in public, he was backed I to win an immense stake, and so was The Bear, despite that he had been twice beaten in hunters flat races this season, while I saw plenty" of people at various times since the publication of the weights invest upon the veteran Shifoal, who I tamed out to be the winner after running third to Regal and Congress in 76, and unplaced last year with 71b less in the saddle than he earned I rm the nresent occasion. Grand National Steeplechase, of 1,000 sovs, | added to a handicap of 25 sovs each, 5 ft., j and 5 only if declared ; second received 100 I sovs, and the third saved stakes. Nearly foHr I miles and a half. 63 subs., 15 of whom de- j clared, and paid 5 sovs eaoh. Mr John Nightingsdl's br h Shifoal, by Saccharometer I —Countess Amy, aged, 10st 12lb — . J. Jones I I Capt. A. Crol ton's h m Martha, aged, lOst 91b (including I 71b extra _ „ . _ Mr 1. Beaaley Z I Mr J. H. Moore's ch m Pride of Kildare, aged, list 71b | M — .. Mr Q.Moore 3 1 The foilowing"" also ran Boyne Water, 6 yrs, 1 10at 12lb ; Jackall, aged, lOat lllb: Verity, aged, 10st 10lb (including 71b extra); Miss | lizzie, 5 yrs, 10st 7ib ; Carator, 5 yrs, 10st 51b ; His Lordship, 5 yrs, 10at 51b (carried 10at7lb) ; I The Bear, 5 yrs, 10st 4lb ; Norfchfieet, 6 yrs, lOst 3lb ; and Tattoo, 6 yrs, lOst 3lb. Betting : 9 to 2 agst His Lordship, 5 tol egst Boyne Water, 6 to 1 agst Pride of Kildare, 7 to 1 agst Shifoal, 10 to 1 agst The Bern-, 100 to 7 agst Jackal, 20 to 1 each agst Verity, Martha, MUsi Lizzie, and Curator. The first fence was fatal to the favourite, The Bear, Verity, and | Nortbfleet, owing to tbe refosal of Tjttoc. after this Miss Lizzie, Sbifnal, and Martha jan in front to the Beechers Brook, wh,lc, 1 Lizzie charged in advance of Jackal and ShifnsJ, I with Carator, Martha, and. Boyne Water nert, and Pride of Kildare last. Before rewhfog toe stood water, Miss Lizzie had dropped back be hind Sbifnal and Martha, and at this point I — . nr a «m fvnnhlfl BTtil hflfiAfTlR tQ6 KAVH6 w»wr woo MA vavuwiv, 7 z — I whipper-in. Little change then took place in J the leader untd jumping Beechers a second time, when Martna took up the running from Pride of KUdare, Shifoal. and Miss fozzie, but I entering the racecourss, Shifnal had token ejoser j order with Martha, and toe pair getting rid of Pride of Kildare two fences from home, they ran locked together to toe hurdle, wfai?kShifoalwaa first over, and coming away, won by two lengths, Pride of KUdare a bad third, with Jackal, Miss Lizzie, »nd tin other two writing io . An hjec- tlon to the winner, on the ground of foul riding, was overruled. _ . . The otoer races at Liverpool were somewhat i of a failure, save the Spring Cup, which saw j Fred Aroher ride hi. of »fd I wK»S MtUi 5?!. he also zmed off the Frinoo if Wriez Cap. » handicap inzUtotod in honour to rf The week that intervened bltwMnWverpool and Northampton zawaoma sigaauy a gg for bSlt steeplechase, but whUetheone ft Site -J UeUe, bidden by' hta colt by Wild Oats out of Frnto, wno won «» yWEa. or, TowVMSihll a smart one, seeing now easuy . penalties ; and he Stakes Northampton, where toe Althorp rar ZZokLo T lwded by toe same stobfowitoLeg- hMB. by QatoA1 outof Ambush, who oJmd Sesewng that he won after being much interfered with, and beat tried ones, including , itoK'-S'lSs I the ttby De- toe. me "the dividers of tin tatter, atoo"» toSw,.«d wa. only beaten t j-jfaof ought also to be a good one. Returning to I Northampton," a-finer finish one ooutd not wnsv wished to see than in toe Karl Spencer's Plate, ! is a sheet plight have covered Greenback, 1 Kathecine, the oolt by Buccaneer out of Fancy, I ( Monk, and Templar as they swept past the I , chair, and the fimt- named,, the property of the 1 Duke of Hamilton, only just squeezed home, i Prince George took toe Northamptonshire Stakes 1 in a canter from Play fair and H Gladiatore, the 1 favourite Sheldrake (who was elected to do battle 1 in place of Queen of Cyprus, last year's winner) 1 cutting up badly, as might have been anticipated i by the way in which Hampton defeatod him in 1 the Queen a Plate. , j Since my last communication there has been .1 very little wagering on either the Two Thousand 1 or the Derby, and perhaps the money laid out 1 for Beanclere, Sir J oseph, and ChUderie embraces 1 .11 41 L..:. 4k«4 MafuJnp «l MflKM I BU tflo UIIQIU«oo| OBfw »l»BO . J at 20 to 1 after he had landed a minor race at J LtverpooL The Sir Joseph stable have .m J perienced bad . Inok through Speculator, a 1 prominent Gity andSubnrbau candidate, meeting 1 with an accident, but still the Derby horse is all 1 right, and bills of favourable health reach me I about both Beauolero and Childeric, toe latter 1 of whom is said to have made much improve- I ment. The following vte toe latest prices on I the Derby : — 5 to 1 agst Beauolero. (t and off),- 1 8 to 1 agst Sir Joseph (t), 10 to 1 agst Ghilderip 1 (t and off), 12 to 1 agst Insulaire (fc and ofi)h . 20 tol agst Maximilian (t), 20 to 1 agst Cyprus (t), A 20 to 1 agst Katie oolt (t and off), 20 to 1 egst Fitz-James (t and off), 20 to 1 agst Matodor (t | and off). 