THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE ON LENT. A sermon was preached yesterday afternoon by the Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, bishop of Melbourne, at St. Paul's Church, before a large congregation. He chose for his text the first epistle general of St. John, i. 8" If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us." In the course of his sermon, he said that in the earliest days of the Christian Church, the Lenten fast varied in length. Some Christians observed it for one day, others for two days, and others for more. The object of the fast in the early church was to bring to the minds and hearts of all Christians the sense of loss and depriva- tion, the feeling of sorrow and disappoint- ment,' which visited the breasts of the Apostles when their Master was taken from them. In the course of time, the' Lenten season came to be observed less as one of bodily fasting, and assumed more of a spiritual complexion. Consequently the time of Lent was extended. Was it absolutely necessary for all Christian men in the present time to engage even in the spiritual fast? . llemaintainedthatitwas. Although Christian men did not live in sin, sin lived in them. During Lent the church asked them to go aside out of the house of business and bring the light of God to bear on their hearts. The great need of Victorian life- that was to say in the sight of God-was, more than anything else, a consciousness of its sin. The signs of that necessity were lying everywhere upon the surface of our social and political existence. Men amongst us who held a distinguished social position might be spiritual men, but they might also be the opposite. A man holding such a position might be a drunkard, or purse-proud,- or selfish, or untrue. Upon the opinion of such a man little value ought to be placed by those who professed the kingdom of God. -It was even said that such and such an opinion could not be right because the people of Victoria would not receive it, as if it signified the weight of a feather whether they did or did not to a thorough Christian, or as if the public of Victoria was the organ of the Holy Ghost. The people of victoria must keep the law, of God and follow the example of Christ, or it would be the worse for them. If they did not, the time might corrie when, like the people of Israel, they would bring upon themselves national calamity, if not national ruin. There were very grave signs existing that these calamities were impending. He was in the place where he was, to speak the truth, and he would speak its Did an immoral life, did a want of moral principle, constitute the same barrier to a man's advancement in Victoria that it did in England, where God knew, the standard of morality was not too high 1 Did the public appreciation of a man here depend to the extent of one single atom upon the character of his moral principles or the form of his life? He hoped that amongst a small class of the population it did, but in general it did not. As long us that was the case, it proved that there was a low moral and spiritual tone amongst IIB. It proved that, of whatever denomination they were, they were not disciples of that Master who, rather than keep silence about what was true and just, laid down His life upon the Cross. At the opening of this season of Lent he would exhort all disciples of Jesus to go aside for a time from the excitement of political warfare, from the frenzied efforts that men were making to PORHCSS themselves of wealth and pleasure, and kneel in the shadow of the Cross, in order that the heavenly light might stream in upon their inmost hearts, and show them what they really were. Attheelose of the sermon a collection was, made on behalf of the Church of England and Presbyterian Church Pastoral Aid Society of Victoria. 