THERE has been but little at the theatres this month to call for special notice. At the Theatre Royal Mrs. Steele appeared on July 20 in " Rag Fair"—a piece which failed to secure the most moderate degree of success. " Black Sheep" and " Leah the Forsaken" followed in due course, after which the Duvalli sisters began an engagement in a piece of an extraordinary nature, entitled " Wedded unto Death." Of this piece " Tahite," in The Australasian, wrote :—" It may be that ' Wedded unto Death' is a work of genius. And genius is always misunderstood. Perhaps in fifty years or more it will be understood, and then if anybody digs up what now I am writing, it will be quoted as a curious instance of the critical behindhandedness of this age. We can none of us do more than act according to our lights, and according to my lights this play is incomprehensible. It begins with a burial, and ends with' an explanation which clears up nothing. Between these extremes there are graveyards, and ghosts, and acrobats, and bigamy, and masquerading, and ballets, and harpplaying, and many speeches of the high-falutin order, and weeping, and tearing of hair, and domestic quarrelling, and comic scenes which do not make you laugh, and tragic scenes which do make you laugh. There are bits of dull farce, and there are bits of ' flip-flap' pantomime. There is a beadle who is frequently tripped up, and there are solemn persons who strike their foreheads with the palms of their hands, and call upon heaven, and hell, and other foreign parts to witness the correctness of their statements." Afterwards a still more extraordinary piece, entitled "Our Parsons" was produced, which was, in fact, the stories of immorality told about certain prominent New York clergymen done into drama. At the Academy of Music " Our Girls," after a brilliant run of 54 nightB, was withdrawn, and " Our Dad," also by Mr. Byron, was produced in its place, with Mr. J. L. Hall in the principal character. Of his representation the same critic said :—" I remember when ' Our Boys' was last played in Melbourne, the part of Middlewick was taken by a man who only made me wish that Mr. Lingard were back again. I hope never to see Tottles played by anybody but Mr. Hall. I could easily enough suppose that the part had been written for him, it fits him so well. In the second act, where Tottles is worked up to a burst of indignation at his wife's irregularities, Mr. Hall so entirely abandoned hiwaelf to the furor of the situation, that his comic agony seemed to communicate itself to the audience. They shouted with him. In the third act, where the fun approaches the extravagant, it was impossible not to be entirely carried away. So that the play ended in a very tumult of laughter. So interested was everybody, that the curtain descended before the rude people thought of getting up to save th&t; half minute upon which their lives seem to depend. I never saw actor and audience so completely in accord with each other. Such a feeling, of course, is a tribute to the talent of the actor, and is a rare etfect to see produced." The wonderful run of " Uncle Tom's Cabin," at the Princess's Theatre has been maintained, and although the theatre has changed hands, and Mr. Bayless has gone out of the management, this attractive and emotional melodrama goes on for ever. The Opera-house changed "Oxygen" for " Barney the Baron," and the extravaganza " Little Snowwhite," pieces which did not meet with an immoderate success. 