MARIE, an Emotional Story. (Adapted frome the French of an anonymous Lady Writer) BY E. A. Saxso-. SPsM II. PAUL HARCOURT. rT was a bitterly cold morning in the month of February, one, so chilly and bleak, that the very marrow of one's bones was frozen. The snow, and sleet, and driven rain, were whirling about at the mercy of the pitiless wind, which blew in fitful, chilling gusts. The white flakes fluttered long and tem pestuously in the air before they found a lodgment upon the soddened ground. The heavens were grey and overeast. The ragged, torn, and tattered cloud seemed to stoop as 'twere and enwrap the world in damp and ghost like wind ing-sheets. Every house, and street, and open space was covered with a thick and freezing mass of blended sleet and snow. Not a bird, not an insect, not a thing of life was visible. All was gloom and wretchedness. Nature itself was enveloped with the misery of a silent gruesome death. The day was like to one of universal mourning. A melancholy, foreboding sadness filled the air. The weird-like branches of the leafless trees were eushrouded in whitened drapery of frozen rain, and the keen blasts of wind that swayed them to and fro made them shed dismal tears of icicles upon the inhospitable bosom of the ground. At such a time, on such a morning, and in such biting weather our benumbed faculties of suffering are intensified. Murmuring pitifully, within our hearts, we say: " The happiness we have, from time to time, is not a privilege, it is not a blessed gift from heaven; it is but a poor and an inadequate compensation for the many trials that we have to undergo Yes, on that most miserable, most wretched of wintry morning., the one on which I sallied forth in search of him whom I had formerly called "a friend," every leafless tree, every frost killed blade of grass, every ant and creeping worm hidden beneath the frozen earth appeared, as fully steeped as I in sorrow and in woe, and seemed to strive to weep aloud, with tears of deepest pain and suffering, that woul?l not welter forth and give relief, but were chilled and frozen in their hidden privacy, ere the pangs of poignant grief could give them birth. With an overburdenael mind, op pressed with the all-pervading gloom, [ set forth from my living tomb in Paris, for so I looked upon my lodging there, and walked moodily and slowly the snow beating in my face, and my thoughts despondent, towards a spot called Belleville, on the outskirts of the city. This Belleville, as it then ex isted, was but a small group of ill constructed, ugly, inartistic- looking, isolated houses, too near to Paris. and too wanting in picturesqueness, to be deemed a village-a cluster of buildings which almost always has some redeem ing points of beauty in it, yet too far removed from the city, and too difficult of access, owing to the badness of the road leading to it, to be called a suburb. I had summoned up sufficient resolu tion to go to this phantom of a hamlet, to seek out, as I have said before, a '-friend" of long standing, one that since my childhood I had known. I had not seen him daring the weary six years of my self-imposed pilgrimage, neither had I heard from, or of him, through all that lapse of time. I do but con form to the ignoble prejudices of the hour in calling him my "'friend" rather than "acquaintawce." for it is one of the unaccountable hallucinations of a society that is hollow, false, and de ceitful, to apply that term of affection indiscriminately to any one, no matter what the individual may be like, with .whom one has been at school or college. and who presuming on an intimacy thus formed calls you by your name without the prefix Mr. added to it. It so happened that the person I was seeking was one, whom for certain reasons I cannot here explain, I could not avoid informing of my return to Paris. Having casually heard that he had.taken up his abode at Belleville instead of writing to him formally, as [ had at first propose4. to myself to do, I had resolved, as an object for a walk, to call upon himi at his house and tak9 him by surprise. . Six years previously, I had leftPaul Harcourt, devoted to the study of medicine, and firm in his defermination to become a doctor, and this, notwith stahnding the objections of his family to his choice of such an ill-requited, -esponsible, arduous, and body-and mind- wearing profession. I did not know, neither had I cared to ask the reasons. that had induced him to adopt as his place of residence, such a dismal out-of- the-way spot as the one that he had settled in, one, where the practice of his profession must be attended with difficulties of various sorts, some insuperable, some pecuniary, for the place was poor and sparsely peopled. The wish to inquire into the business of others, is not however easily excited in the breasts of those, whose minds, over-shadowed by a never-to-be forgotten sorrow, are filled morning, noon, and night, with sad remem brances of their own unhappiness and misery; and the desire to find out the motives which direct the proceedings of others lies dormant within such bosom?, and it is with untold pain and sore distress, it manifests itself, if indeed, it ever does. Mournfully, with clouded thoughts and burdened mind, I wended my weary way along, and with heavy lahoring steps at length I reached and climbed the steep hill that immed'ately precedes the entrance, into the poverty stricken cluster of human habitations, to which I had painfully proceeded. Turning, on my right according to the directions I bad and leav ing had, the inhabited though on this wintry bleak and sunless day, the deserted cheerless streets, I followed the windings of the low snow hidden wdlls, behind the houses which being close together formed narrow tortuous lanes. At every toilsome step I took, my feet were embedded in the snow. I shivered with the piercing cold. My blood was congealed within my veins. It scarce appeared to eddy from my heart. The wind whistled around me in searching blasts. My clothes were saturated with the pelting rain and snow. I felt like a wretched miserable cast-a-way forlorn and with out a hope or wish or aspiration of a soothing kind. The sky was hi.dden by a covering of dark and angry-looking clouds. I was enfolded in a dread shadow of cold despair and misery. All was deserted around me. I was the only moving living thing about. My wretched thoughts were in unison with the blank cheerlessness of my surround ings. Comfortless, dispirited, and destitute of one eladdening. hopeful, bright reflection I plodded gloomily along. Here and there; through gaps, in the crazy. tottering, crumbling snow laden walls, walls of stone so badly built that they were already in a half ruined condition. though not one had been erected a few short years pre viously; an immense snow-bordered horizon, overpowering in its m-la-,choly stillness and premonitions of death and all beyond it, discovered itself to my pained view. As far as the sight could reach there was nothing to relieve it nothing for the eye to rest upon but blinding snow, nothing but one vast lifeless plain, stripped of every appearance of verdure and of anima tion. At the farthest extremity of the narrowest and most solitary of the lanes I had traversed, stood a small, square, dilapidated-lookinghouse, soul-depressing. like everything around it. On coming to it I pushed, with a feehle hand, the outer gate, It yielded easily to my touch, giving way on its rusty, scraping hinges, over a heap of sleet and frozen rain, encumbered with the dead and withered leaves and branches that had been drifted into it by the biting, cruel wind. It led into a narrow strip of garden, encircled by some decaying walls, a garden now so desolate, so utterly forsaken, that it did but add a more sombre gloom to the - miserable appearance of the dwelling. I approached the house with sa-l pre -entiments. The entrance was unclosed and no one answered to my repeated ringing at the bell. Entering the hall, with slow and cautionls steps I ascended the creaking stairs, and opening a door I came to on the landing, I f.und my elf at once within the study of my 'friend," Paul Harcourt. (To be CoagascLj) 