?i . i , — ; — ? ? ? ? ? ? A Bighted Wrong. BY EDMUND VATES. ' HerhUBbanii,who,witiiail Ids oddity sad ab sence of mini, w*s not destitute of a degree of tact, Sa which there was a soupcon of cunning, nod which jbe aired whenever there was any risk of his deariy Inriztfl ? nuiet Ufa' beinc indaneered. had invented Is kind ot vocabulary of compliments of simulated leolicitude and exaggerated sympathy, which was ?wonderfully efficacious, and really gave him very ilittlo iroubie. To bo sure he was rather spt to isdhera to it with a p«m-t-Jike fidelity, and on her *oaled»ys' to congratulate Mrs.' Carteret on her it- loon%and on her ' dull days' to discover that it Was difficult to leave her, she talked so charmingly ' — ? but those new specimens must be seen too,' &c.; i&c.; . ? .___.. But these were mere caauanties. ana. as idkjhsu vanity is frequently accompanied by dense stu ,l-jdity, they never endangered tlio good under standing between the husband— who was not ?nearly so tired of his wife aa a more clever and {practical man must inevitably have been— and the wife, whose wildest imaginings could never have I extended to the possibility of anyone's finding her less tban perfectly admirable, or her husband othei tvisa than supremely enviable. In the days wlieu Mrs. Carteret lind been pretty, her -prettuiess was of the corset-maker's model description, a preltiness which consisted in straight 'features, a hign and well-defined colour, and a figure which required, and could, bear, a good deal of -ticht-lacinir. 'Women did lace tightly in the golden prime of Mrs. Qirteret's days, and she was not behindlianded in that or any otlier fashion ; indeed, sbe bad a il)rofound and almost religious respect for fashion, and she had, in consequence, a stiffness of figure Suggestive of her being obliged to turn round ? all at once' when it was necessary for her to turn at ? all, which gave her whole person an air and atti tude of stiff and starched stupidity, highly pro vokimr to an observer endowed witli taste. , Tlie paying of morning visits was an occupation especially congenial io Mrs. Cnrteret's taste, and ?wall suited to her intellectual capacity, which answered freely to the demand made on it on such 'occasions. She was not by any means a vulgar i^dssip, but she possessed a satisfactory enough inowiedge of the affairs nnd ' ways' of all the '?visitable' people within reach, and she found dis cuesinfr them a very Agreeable pastime. . She wasnotsostupid n woman as to be unaware that she nnd her nffairs were discussed in their : turn ; but her invariable conviction that.in nil re .spects, sbo was a faultless being, rendered the '?knowledge painless. -' Thus, when Mrs. Carteret set out on a round of visits, in tbe aforesaid equipage and in lier custo ; miry choice apparel, sfto was as happy us it was in heraot expansive nature to be. All the happier that Margaret did not accompany her, for, though Margaret's heavy mourning dress ' was not a bad foil to tbe tasta and elegance, as she ?believed, of her own, people were apt to be too much interested in. too curious about, the young widow— always rather an interesting object — ? for the fancy of Airs. Carteret, who did not admire her stopdaugter herself, and to whom 'it was neither Intelligible nor pleasant that oilier i^peoplesliould admire her. ' As to Lady Drtvynfcry and J[r. Baldwin (for she had been forced to include the brother with the aster in the category of Margaret's friends), she *iad, as we have seen, resolved to iind her account an that intimacy, and ahe did not trouble herself About it. At the same hour in which Mrs. Carteret was .giving way to her sell'-complacent sentiments, j'ilargaret was taking leaver -)f Lady Davyiitiy. Sho fiad been at Dsryntry silica the iuoiuiiif*, ami was then going home. Mr,J5a.\dwin w;is ready, accord ing to his now almost invariable custom, to oiler :he'rhisescort. It was quite the end ot October,,! soft shadowy, beautiful day, tbe air full of the faint perfume ot ?the falleu leaves and of tlio golden gleam of the ?sunshine, which lingered as if regretfully. Lady ?Davyntry accompanied. Margaret to tlio little .{fttrden-gate which openjed into tho ilaineano, and then took leave ofiier. , '??'When lierjftientl and Jier brother had left lier, sue (Stood for a fstv minutes looking after them, then walked up tlio garden-path, saying to lersslf: ' 1 hope I shall be able to hold my tongue about it, andnot spoil all by letting her see that such an 'idea has ever entered into my bead !' ? In many respects Lady Davyntry was a sensible woman. Margai-et and her companion went on their way, elowly. They were talking^ot a, projected, journey 'on the part ot Mr.Baldwiu. Ho was going to visit his Scotch estates.' . ' I have not been much thine,' lie said ; ' my time ?has mostly been passed abroad. My longest stay *at the Deane was when poor Stilly was there with Sir Richard ; suid, of course, 1 can't expect her to T- back to tbe scene of all lier trouble so soon ; so must go alone.' ' Can t you r said Jlar(.yiret, with a sudden flush on her cheek : ' 1 should have thought it would .have been her greatest, h«r besu consolation. But ?people feel so differently,' she said absently; and then made some remark about tho beauty of the ?dgy. Her companion wondered at her strange ?manner, flu took the bint to clmuge lbs sub ject * Shall you be long away ? ' Margaret asked 'him. ? He would have been only too 'Jiappy to tell her '. that the duration of His absence 'would depend «n flirely on her pleasure— to tell litr what wns the -truth,that lie was leaving her now bocauso lie 'Joved her, and hoped the day might coma when he might try to make her loved him ; when yes2-ecl tfor ber position should nu longer bind him to ieilence. : He felt he could not remain in her vieiuity dur (ing the time that must elapse before he could ven 'ture to acknowledge his feelings, without the risk '?of offending her, jiernaps losing her -iy their pre ijnotura betnyolfnnd lie had determined to go to .^Scotland and remain there until th» timu sliould 'he nBar when she thought oC lu&viiur; Clmy ?aeifih. Then he would return and take his chance. If she would accept the love, the home, tbe fortune lie bad to oiler her, lie almost dreaded to ibink what happiness lite— which 'had never been adorned with any very brilliant hues of imagi nation by liim before — would Jinvo in storu lor Turn. i When she asked him, in her clear, sweet voice, whose tones were to-day as pure and untroubled as ?if sho had never spoken any words but those of the igladness which should so well have beseemed her. ryoutb; that careless question, liofelt all tho diffi culty of the restraint ue had imposed upon him self. * I am not qnite certain.* lie replied ; ' I ilnresay I shall find a great deal to do at the Deane, nnd a Igood deal will be expected from me in the way of 'sociability — a tribute, by the way, which I render very unwillingly. I— f suppose you wilt not leave ?CheyleigU this -winter ?' * 1 don't think my father lias nny intention of going anywhere,' Margaret said; 'and I shall 3c 'xnainwith him until I leave him 'for good'— as .people say when they leave for tho equal chnnco of igoodorevil. I believe, too. there is a chancu of . iiny brother's coming home.1 * Indeed,' said Mr. Baldwin ; * that is good news. i didn't hear Anything of it.' ?No. I told Lady l-aryntry this evening, before you came in. 1 should like to be here when Hal dane comes'— and her face was overcast by the ?mournful, musing expression be knew and loved 60 well. ' Ho aud 1 quarrelled before he went '?away— but I suppose he will not keep that up with ?me now.' Sbe looted round with a forlorn kind of smile actually painful to see. In it there was an npnwil ?to the dreariness of ber lot, to tbe terrible blight which had settled on her youth. ' against harsh judgment of the wilfulness nnd folly which had led lier to such a doom, inexpressibly affecting. The strong restraint, the babitualipatience which :she maintained over all lier emotions, (?earned to 'forsake Her quite suddenly. Her companion might 'have taken it as a good omeu for him tlmt it was in -bia company alone the control was loosened ; but be' did not think of himself, only of her. The forlorn smile was succeeded by an ominous twitching of the lips, and the next moment Mar garet bad covered lier face witb her bands and .burst into tears. Mr. Baldwin watched her with inexpressible pangs of love and pity. He dared not speak. What could he say ? He knew nothing, though be could surmise mucb, of the past which bad given rise to ??tbiB burst of emotion. To try to console, was to seem to. question ier. He stood T-y ber in the .ieenestjoistress, end could only entreat her.to *emembar5that it was^alrover now. The p&roxy;£irx iHtssed bver as he uttered the words for ttie second fijae. Margiret took her hinds away from her face,, and looked at hijn.^nd there was an angry sparkle in her eye which be had never' seen before, but which be thought very beautiful. ' Twi don't believe what you say,' she «ud quickly, and walking on hurriedly as sbe spoke;' 4 you don't bolie^e what 3Tou say. Tou know there are things in life' which are never over— sorrows' and experiences wtiich time can never change.. When you say to me that it is all over now, you; say what is not true, and you know it, or you. guess it; you might know it if you would. Do you tbink i am like other women, like your sister, for instance, with nothing but pure and sanctify iug grief for ths dead, to ripen iay mind ? Do you tliink I am likeber, or Jikeany other -woman, whoso quiet life, however sad, has been led in de cency, and has been sheltered and guarded by the. vtrotectionswhich may befound in honest property? Do you tbink I can come home here, and find m? sett once more among tbe people and places 1 \ knewwhen I was a girl, and not leel likeacbeatPI tell 3-ou the past isiiotall over; it will stand as longasl live between me and other people— not my employers, for there will be no association in their cases ; but everyone who knew me once, and who knows mo now. Why does no, one speak to me, in even a casual way, of the places I have seen or the jieople i have been amongst ? Do you think I imagine it is because they are unwilling to awaken a slumbering sorrow ? TSo ! You know, and I know, it is because theyieel tint) have seen sights unlit for woman's eyes, and heard words un lit for woman's ears ; and can 1 ever forget it wnen others remember it whenever thuy see me? No, no.nol 1 never, never can !' She pressed her small hands together and slightly wrung them ; a gesture habitual to her distress, but which lio bad never seeu before. He caught her ri'ht band in his, and drew it within bis arm. She walked on with him, but was, as he knew al most unconscious of his presence. How he loved her I bow he hated the dead man. who had caused bur to suffer thus ! A young man himself, and she no more than a frirl ; and yet how little or tbe aspect, how little of the senseuf youth there was about . cither as they walked together tbrqugb the woods and fields that day ! Tfiis sudden revelation of Margaret's feelings brought a sense of despair to Fitzwilliam Baldwin. If the spectre of the past haunted her thus, if she wero divided from all the present by this drear shade, then was she divided from him. too. How should he hope to lay the ghost which thus walked abroad in thu noonday beside her? Had he had a little mors experience, bad not Margaret been so completely a new type of womanhood to him, had he had a little less humiUty, lie would have taken courage from the fact tlmt she bad given utterance to such feelings before him. That he had seen Margaret as no other human being had ever seeu her, ought to have been an in dication to him that, however unconsciously to lier, he was to Margaret wlittt no other human be ing was. The time was to come in which lie was to make that discovery ;' but that time wns not yet, and he left her that day witb profound dis couragement. She recovered herself nftcr a little, and when they reached the confines of the de mesne of Chayleigb they were talking in their ordinary manner of ordinary subjects, but Margaret's arm still rested on that of lier com panion, nor was it removed until they inched the little gate between the wood and the plcasnunce. As thocrossed they lawn, Margaret's dress swept the fallen leaves rustling after her. She W03 very near the house now, and tbe sound caught James Dugdale's car as ho lay on his couch in the win dow. He raised himself on his elbow and looked out. The letter from Doyes Meredith was still in his band. Margnrt't leokod up and greeted him with a smile. Tho nest moment she -was in tlio verandah, and lie hcata Uei laugh oa she spoke to her farther. Her voice thrilted his heart as it had dono on the first day of her return. Her laugh, hail something like the old sound in it, which ho hadlnot heard since shn was a girl, GoodOodl how long ag«! Sho was looking botta1 than when lie went away. Shu was happy again in her old home. Ho went downstairs, and tliey bad a pleasant meeting. Margaret was kindly interested in his Oxford news. Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Carteret talked together. James and Margaret remained in, the verandah until after Mr. Baldwin had tnken his leave, and the sharp trot of Mrs. Cartcret's ponies wns audibly 'fiien Margaret soid : ' I must jjjj nflq.tet ready for dinner.' And JnSJjjf,. Q^tMned he lorn moment, say ing: ?'. ' ' I have a letter^which will interest you it is from a friend of yours.' ' A friend of mine ?' said Margaret, in surprise, 'who can it be? I have but two or three friends n the world.' 1 ' A cynic would (el) you you were exceptionally rich in friends, according to that calculation, llow do you count them ?' ' Yourself,' said Margaret, with more frank kind ness of tone than he bad ever before recognised in tier manner towards him. 'Apres?' 'Well, Lady Davvntry.' ?And Hayes Meieditb? That is it, is it not? Tho letter is from him. You shall bear all nboutit, after a dinner.' Margaret left him and went to ber room. She felt rather vexed with herself. Vi'hen she answered ?lames Dugdale's question, she had not been think ing oC Hayes Meredith. 