THE DEVILS WALK. BY THE GHOST OF SOUTHEY. FROM what was once a hot abyss, Ere Canon Farrar came, Old Nick set forth, in scarlet dress, With eyes and face aflame. His Sunday clothes were point device, His horns with polish glow'd; And a regular killing curl upon His tail he had bestowed. The dearest place in all the earth, His purpose was to see— The place where he had heaps of friends Of high and lovr degree. Down Collins- street he strolled at four, His face was wreath'd with smiles As lie watch'd the girls in costly garb, And mark'd their cunning wiles. " Oho '.".quoth he, " You'll waste the gold When your married lives begin, 1 Your selfish pride and your love of show Are the ancestry of sin." He passed three links of the betting ring, Tow'rds whom his heart quite yearn'(1; And whispered in their ears, " How well To do my work you've learn'd." He met of dirty boys a score Who shouted " Fleece Gazett," And he thought, " There's poison none Like this invented yet. " The drugs that kill the body are Mild foes to human kind ; For really deadly work, give me The stuff that kills the mind." He saw a wither'd harpy lure A child for Chinese lust; He rubbed his hands, and grinning cried, "My daughters both, I trust." Then turning up a right-of- way He heard a woman's shrieks ; " Aha '." quoth he, " her drunken lord On her his passion wreaks. " The blood streams out of gaping wounds, \- Her face is black and blue ; And sore the hour he call'd her his The batter'd wife must rue. " What do men want with other hells Than that in which they stand ? And as for devils I could name Ten thousand in this laud. " But who comes here with furtive glance, And mien and temper ill; With mouth that snarls like any dog's, And voice so crack'd and shrill? " It is, it is my son and heir, More full of craft and guile, Par subtler than myself, in fact, And up to ev'ry wile. "Take, take these horns, my dearest Charles, Take cloven hoof and tail; In such a world as this you know, The falsest should prevail. " Old as I am, I'm quite a child Compared with you, dear boy; And so I abdicate my crown For you, my hope and joy." A " VOLUME of water " is to be issued in damp sheets. 