? OUR FIRST LODGING. ; PABT i.t—Continued. • No will could be found, though diligent search-was made, and though all were astonished that the search should be in vain. ' Ho will, that is..to say, save only that ill-omened document, executed years and years ago; in my uncle's first hot anger at my fatherVs marrying without his approbation. This will, which had lain m a tin deed-box at the office of Mfessrs Crump, Baggett, and Criimp, of Lincoln's Inn, those lawyers somewhat unwillingly projducećL ' It was a shame,' so the solicitors themselves declared, that after- the long time which had elapsed since the.recon 7 ciliation of the brothers, such a'testament as this should come . to be proved. in Doctors' Commons. But there was no help for it. . No rough draft of a will, no codicil, mémorandum, or other paper could be found,, indicating an intention to revoke the old cruel bequest that cut us off, paupers, from thë . heritage of our fore T fathers ; and there was no ground f or'litigation, even had we been contentiously disposed. The will was proved, then, and the Wilton estate, with the savings of its late owner, passed to Greenwich Hospital; Most of those who heard ,the story, whether friends or strangers,. pitied us, but a few sneered. It was ill, they said, waiting for dead men's.shoes. . That was truly said, if unkindly, as my father and 1 had to learn. There was Major Wilton, at the end of a long life of honorable toil, in possession of three hundred a year, less income-tax, and with a son to maintain out of that pittance. And there was that son, my unworthy self, at once unwilling and ashamed to be an encumbrance on his father's slender means, while at the same time nearly every channel of employment was blocked against him. Then—not immediately, but after one or two years—came the happy period of my acquaintance with dear Carry, of our courtship and marriage ; and after a month abroad, and sundry long visits at the English homes of relatives and friends, were we two imprudent young people, sorely in want of a nest wherein to set up our humble Lares and Penatés, and to ' go into housekeeping' on the unpretending scale befitting our income. The amount of that income has been already mentioned—a bare hundfèd a year.- This was allowed me by my father ; and with respect to the amount of it, there had been a friendly contest betwefen that'best of friends and myself. Thé major's wish had been to give the lion'e sbare of his half-pay and scanty dividends 'to thé young couple.' What,- he asked indignantly < could a selfish old clubman'like himself want with more than - a hundrèd and twenty, or thirty at the outside .; whereas we should most probably have to provide, erelong, fot .thejfillin^of more thgp two mouths, tfe wo lid give up the Twicken, ham cottage. There were capital cheap bedrooms to be had within a stone s throw of St. James's. Did I know how little his dinner at the dub would cost him I It was ridiculous on how little a dried-up old superannuated Indian like himself could and ought to subsist. gt had grace, enough to négative any ftóher proportions on my father's part for convening himself înto a sort of ipelicań of the'Wilderness tor the benefit of jhis offspring.' The hundred: a year I would accept; it was .all that the taaj or would haVe to leave behind him at his death, and had come po him by the bequest of an aunt, years ago, when first he sent me over from India to be reared and taught in • the" healthy air of England ; but ! aeclared positively that I would take my young wife .out with me to Australia, sooner than-that the major should deprive himself of the few remaining comforts so necesBary to a man of his age. And thus a compromise was effected. The problem before Carry and myself was, how to lay out our hundred à year to the best advantage. , ". . ' We'Jiad thought once and agam of London, but metropolitan lodgings are apt to be both dear and dingy, and houserent in any habitable quarter would swallow up our little all, and leave nothing -wherewith to' 'Satisfy - the London tradespeople. Noto, in Devonshire—the Devon of that time being fes yet not. intersected by railways, as it has since become— butchers and bakers had not begun to be cosmopolitan 'in their charge?; and the actual cost of living was considerably less than in the town-riddeń eastern / counties. î?hën; :j tô'o, Ćairy was jrelùctàtit "to 'leave the neighborhood of fcer : óld hoiùb, and thë plade ^rhérë her family had lived since her childhood; and I Jiad myself grown fond of that bold coast, with its sheer pliffïroht® Of vâriegatèd r6cks, pink and gray ïind diiśky crimson, and the green myrtlebvrèhes'' ânà ' the dark pinasters that flourished iki • that mild' boùth-.wéstern climate down to the very edge of the blue tumbling sea. But where to find a shelter for our heads, was the puzzle to mëj .and it jvas one which every day that passed &ade;'it ! the harder to solve. Shinglesea is, 1 need Scarcely say, a tiny watering-place, one' of a string ^f such whose white villas and' śtuccóed crescents fringe; the Devonshire shore for miles and miles, and rfents rose in the bathing-season to,a standard at which a Brighton habitué inight.haVe smiled, but which to us was no joking matter. , • • ii. Three or four guineas a week, ui tne fine summer months, may seem , but a trifling price to the London visitor who brings Sown his children for the inevitable six weeks of sea-air and salt-water splashing ; but to us, with our little budget to bring into a sound financial state at the end of the year, such rents were simply ruinous. To hire a house by the year was more economical, of. course, but even then the harvest of the bathing-season had to be allowed for, and how were we to squeeze the necessary sum out of our poor little annual hundred ! " As' it ;was,^we were in despair. Carry and I, With Mrs Dawkins and my five sisters-in-law, had. been told off into scoHiting-parties to beat "up all likely and all unlikely quarters, not merely in Shinglesea, but in ;the neighboring towns of Bargehaven, Ling- mouth, and Cudleigh Burton, but, each successive group:óf explorers came back weary "and disappointed. Notlung could be found in which it was possible,, even with our small requirements, to live upon the still smaller ainóunt which we fcould afford to pay, And something must be done. Already I was growing ashamed of the length of time during which our visit at the parsonage had been protracted. For six weeks' had we been helping to consume the family joint - and to swell the baker s bill, besides that, to Accommodate us in that amply peopled Clerical hive, the Reverend Job, as I well knew, had hospitably given up. the room m which he wrote his sermons and conducted ins parochial business, while all the family were more or less squeezed to give space for a màiried couple and their luggage. On the contrary, I believe they would have maintained and harboured us, for years without a murmur ; but I knew very well that our. prolonged stay must be both expensive and inconvenient, to the ihouse of Dawkins.. Tet what could we do? Wfe' could hardly bivouac like the gipsies ,on the moor, nor jcoiild I take axe and hammer, and build a wooden Łui; for myself, like an emigrant. I^m certain :that emigrants i we should have been, but for the fact, that it- would have broken mv father's heart if the soil for whom he had denied himself; so much during the period of my education, had gone off to the antipodes. ; I.was young and robust, and) had; «'certain fen for manual labor, and à liking ifor it, and the free life and limitless plenty of Australia allured me, as it has idone thousands. But as it was, our riot, was cast in England, if only our native country would permit us to find a j^ome at any price within our,power to •pay. " Ł " '" ' '''•' '"""'fi At last, when T was growing desperate, and a move to the suburbs of London— ,-where advertisements were always holding forth tempting baits in the shape of J eheap (ànd, I fear, nasty) tenements to'be let. ii« rising neighbourhoods, consisting chiefly of brick-fields and gaunt'publics, with a railway station hfifa mile off—was Beriously in contemplation, relief came from 'a most unexpected quarter. -The' Wiltoh estate, as I 'have said, ! now belonged to Greenwich iiospital,' and the' local receiver of rent» for that institution, a good-natured, jocund person, with. a red face and a husky voice, camé to pay what he described as a business "call at the parsonage. I had seen Mr Hart before, but 1 knew next to nothing of ' him, and it was with some surprise that I reoéived the information that his business, whatever it might be, was with myself.' 'You see, Mr "Wilton,* he began, rolling his hat round.and round between his knees, and 'having altogether very much more of the awkward sheep-faced air of : one'who comes to ask a favour, than of the doer of a great kindness—'the fact is, we—that is, I—have a house to 'propose to you. I have heard from, several quarters'that you find it difficult to suit yourself, and indeed I don't wonder at it. I find them sad sharks down here—no offence to your native town, I assure you, Mrs Wilton, but four guineas .a week in. summer for the nut- shell' Ï live in seems downright robbery — don't it? I can afford it, thank Heaven, but I do like to get toy pennyworth for my penny. Well, sir, the long and the short of it is, we— that's to say the hospital, my employers have got the Wilton estate, that ought to be yours; and a harder case I never knew. We didn't want it. We never asked for it, I'm sure. We've plenty without that —plen-ty without that' (and Mr Hart thoughtfully rattled, the half-crowns in his pocket, as if they had been silver castinets, slowly played); 'but we couldn't refuse it when it was pitched, as I may Bay, at the hospital's head, point-blank— could we, air ?'• • J ' Certainly "ïiot,' I answered, smiling, for the old smart of the loss had in a great measure died away from familiarity with the idea. Mr Hart upon this became brisk and cheery. He «ras glad, he said, to find that £ took the affair in such a sensible spirit. He confessed that he had hadhis misgivings, when first his ' good lady' had suggested the errand on which he had come. It stood to reason, he thought, that I could bear no good-will to Greenwich Hospital, or look with .a friendly-eye : on the receiver of the rents thatought to have been paid, as formerly, to tW-'Wiltons. But he meant well, he: assumed 1 me. -After > which- preface he Btated łńs offer. There was on the estate, - and : about three miles from Shinglesea, a mansion ' called the Old - Manor-house. This had indeed -been the ancient abode of my . forefathers, .until they : had abandoned it fot a newer and more convenient mansion, called the Hall, and which was now, aB I knew; let on-a long lease to Sir Grogram Buckram, an ex- Lord Mayor of London, but who kept harriers, celebrated the ' battue season by wearing leathern gaiters, and was, in fact, quite the country But the Old Manor-house was let to nob'day^and Mr Hart had come to offer it to ńie ,fb'r twenty pounds a' year—pure gainful lie hastened to declare, to the hosrmal, since nomoneyed tenant had ever'been found'to take. it. 'We won't call ït a furnish'ed house, exactly,' said the receiver, rattling his half- crowns more slowly than before ; ' and yet there is a tidy bit of furniture about it, too, if -it werè but- dusted ' and ' gathered togethèr. It is in tolerable Tepair ; and if the roof ever wants locking to, we will look to it, or to anything' else in reason. Twenty pounds, and, no rateB and taxes, that is about what'Vè shall ask from you, Mr Wilton.' • ' But,' said I hesitatingly, 'is there not a préjudice^ a disagreeable'- feeling—all nonsense, I daresay—to the effect that the Old Manor-house is' —— ' Haunted ! Why, yes, there is,' said the receiver, coughing behind his broad hand. ' Not that I, of course, believe a word of the idle stoïy. Aid if there-are' any*ghosts, Mr Wilton, I should suppose they would have some considération for you, aB one of the family.' Three things were manifest in connection with this offer—namely, that thé offer itself was an eminently advantageous one ; that Mr Hart's intention in' making it was a kindly,and in some sense a generous, intention; and lastly, that 1 should be wrong and foolish to look sufth a gift-horse -in thé mouth., Carry agreed with me that we could not do better -thin to acçept it ; and I did accept, thankfully, the low-rènteiT tenancy of the house in whięhsb manyofŁhęWiltóńs had' liVfeft and'died. ' Thelast to live, and, indeed to die under tïWroof of tne Old'Manorhorâe, jh^ been Uncle 'George./ That, was thé dwelling to which'my father had' been hastily summoned, when his brother was, stricken dojra by the fit which had deprived him of even jthe power of announcing, {much less of carrying into effect, 'his dying wishes. I had never myse|f crossed the. threshold of the old mansion, though,'1 had 'several times in the' course ,ôf a solitary ramble, caught a glimpse of ' the discoloured walls, the tall narrow wińdbws, and ttó" steep róof, with its gable» ahatply defined -against tlie mellow;- evening sky. It Jay-in, a sort of scoop tor, hollow among the purpie moors, and had once been" belted in with" heavy" timber ; but every oak _and beech had been felled.long ago, to pay some gambling debt, during the wild youth of the squire ; and only a few ragged sycamoreB stretched out their gaunt arms around the gray stone house, as if to warn away intruders on the demesne. Carry, and her sisters too, with whom she was a sort of idol, felt a genuine sentiment of delight at the notion that we were to live in à charming, mysterious, haunted house, where there would be plenty of space and old- fashioned comfort, in combination with a spice of romance and adventure. The weather was fine ; and the old mansion itself, as well as the picturesque country around it, looked more genial and home-like, when we went up to inspect it, than either of us-had expected. There proved to be a great many odds, and ends of furniture and household gear, partly in lumber-rooms and disused apartments, partly in rooms which Uncle George had inhabited, so that we had really very little to buy or hire at Bargehaven ; and'Mrs Dawkins, aprudent matron, who knew the value of a fivepound note as well as any clergyman's wife in England, declared that we were lucky enough to begin housekeeping more frugally than any young couple within the range of her expérience. We engaged a servant—a very small one— made all necessary preparations, and having previously sent in our clothes, books, and other portable property, we dfcove up to Wilton during the twilight of an August evening. There had been, aB I have said, a long succession .of fine weather, but on this particular day the air had been heavy and the Bky dull, with great copper-coloured masses of cloud rolling lazily across the seaward horizon. As the Shinglesea fly made slow way up the hilly road that led to the high moors, the evenings darkened more and more ; a moaning wind swept in from the dusky sea, chilling the air ; then thunder began to growl and mutter in the distance, and red flashes pierced the gloom afar off, and the big flat drops of rain pattered sullenly on the roof of the Carriage. . The Old Manor-houfse, but for a. feeble''light 'in' one 1 or two of the windows, looked more like à huge tomb than a dwelling-place'for the living. As we entered, I noticed that in the very act of stepping. across the threshold,- Carry stopped^ with à shiver, as if it had grown on a sudden' very cold. ' l don't know what it is,' she said, trying to laugh, in answer to my look of inquiry. 'I felt, as the people say, as if some one were walking over my grave." (To be continued.) 