— 1 ) T T 0 j (A story of the old, gold iligfi'nuj da-yx.) r "(TbIiL you li gbosb story," said hiy undo- Neda Halo-olrL f gentleman of 70 years. " Well, I will relate a peculiar \ affair that happened on Tallraans Grully; in.185!).";' ) \Vc were all attention, and listened to the very remark - ( able narrative he related in the following manner : y " You must know," coininenced my uncle, "that I and j \ four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the ( river — living, I said, I should have, c<alled it existing, for ) we were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday's f work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were J every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink \ of a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This ( eoufounded noi.sc always commenced at midnight, and did ) not cease until the break of day. One night we were \ determined to sec who it was ; so we sallied forth in the ( bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel f shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an C old claim which had been deserted for manj' ye.ars. I was / cho.scn spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger; \ but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, ( tr.ansfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's / clothes was no Uritig num, hut a sJceletoii /" > Uncle Ned 1" we all cried, "how fearful." C " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- / to-do looking man, of .about fifty years of ae, who \ enquired for a digger of whom wo "knew nothing .about. He told us that in '51 he .and a mate of his deserted from / one of Her M.ajesty's ships, and-started for the Tallmans y gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few mouthsi when the new comer went ddiyn to Melbourne to / see about some letters. Before he went, he .s.aid to his mate, 'Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the C claim for a d.ay until I come hack.' Bob promised, and )i they parted; ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- \ digger, '.au'A there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on C board; and> now th.at T. hare obtained ray disch.arge, I Ji have hastened up here to find my old ehum.' ' You will V see him to-hight,' I said; 'but you'll find him very much (; changed,' At midnight, the- everlasting clink of the J, phantom's .pick w.as heard, and we all turned out. 'Ah 1 ' j, cried the sailor, ' there's dc.ar old -Bob. Bob, here Lam C 'b.ack. Bolj, speak to me.' He r.an to the figure, which ) , turned its hideous face on him. With a loud shriek the seeker y fell senseless on the ground. . The .ghost threw do\yn its r,' pick,, and vanished. In the morning we discovered the y, poor' s.ailor a raving lunatic." ' ' ' M ' (' y. " Oh, uncle Ned, what a fearful story.",- ; f, "Well, yon asked me to -tell you a story, and I have )\done so.'i'-i 11 fl f ; v., " Then, ifis hot tfiie?" ( '' Well, saidrbhr unclei laughing, '' it is as truejas many ) -.of thelab-surd'-yarhs th.atrgot-about during the raging of lhe;g.okKfever.-!.l/Ah, those-were strange days, when men f Avould uu'dcrgo any amount of privation for a few ounces )mf.,gohU j.Howjdifferent it .isrnow; for shoiild a m.an be y 'ni.shc',l 1,0,1' ar'l.ai'gfi .or;sm.aU amount .all thab'he has- to do f 'is to have an interview with - ) . DAVID HENRYf of- 52 ICollins street east, i'Who h.as from:a!55<tbijei 0,000 to lend 'birnotes of hand, bills / :of sale -(withrorCiWithout , security)', salary Orders, life i»Vpolieies.ieei4.i,ficates,;deeds.jbill of lading, legacies, goods, f /merchandise,\\)n expected remittances, or on moneys pcr- Y .sons m.ay be enti.tle'd to- from England arid elsewhere, etc., > Vrepayable to, .sijitcthe- eOn.v.enieuce of borrowers. « , Bills discounted- dailylat the.lo.west rate of interest, and : ? morlgages from 0 per cent. __ j 