[?] OLD LETTERS. With rosy ribbon's faded ghost to bind them, Long forsotten amid things we all forget, In a chest of ancient souvenirs I find them, . Faintly Bcented from old orumbled mignonette. And as now I slowly read them, solemn-hearted, I imagine, with a vague phantasmal dread, That among their yellowed pases I have parted The inviolable cerements of the dead I Here are words that shine with sunny expectation Of returning over sea to friends and home : " When at. last thi9 gaudy Carnival's elation Discontinues, we shall tear ourselves from Home." Like a brook the merry language ripples brightly ; Well she loved, that happy sister, what life gave 1 Let me think how many years ii is that nightly Stars have glimmered'ou her lonely Roman grave! Here is writing that I almost hold as holy ; He was such a light of learning. Brother Ned ! Equal gentleman to lofty or to lowly, With his candid Saxon eyes and golden head ! Father chided him loo sternly, always cryiog At his boyish college love of cards and wines ! Ah. how often 1 have dreamed I saw him dying Far away among those Oregouiau mines 1 Here are leaves where still the soul of summer lingers ; V Come to-morrow, love ; the oountry is so dull. ' Oh, the perfume of those cottage-door syrlngas. And the twilight of the meadow's languid lull ! Oh, the fire flies, with their dizzy glitters woven Through the boskage of the copses dark and damp 1 Oh . the rapture while she gently played Beethoven In the parlour where the moth wa6 at the lamp 1 It is lately as last August that I met her At the crowded Newport ball where! had strayed, One a widower of sixty-two and better, One a dowager with feathers and brooade. Was it iancy that sometimes looked severely At her pretty daughter's partner in the waltz ? Could it happen that a meagre income yearly Was conspicuous among his youthlul faults ? Drear momentoes of those disannulled affections, Like the rays from planets that no longer glow, With your tidings that are ghostly resurrections, It were wiser to have burned you long ago ! Yet, alas! what wasting flame's intenser flashes, With the reddest greed destruction can endow, Could have made you the irrevocable ashes l'hat annihilating Time has made you now ! 