THE GHOSTS OF OCHAT ELOUSSE. TaLcoeo about ghosts (said Jack Scott) the toughest time I ever had with gentry of that sort was when I was traeolling'for Frost & Co. up in Canada. We were in the for line, you know, and Ihappened to fallin with a gentleman by the name of Flint, who agreed to go across the country with me. He was not at all the sort of fellow one would choose for a travelling companion, being extremely taciturn and grim; but, apart from sharing expenses, there was the necessity.for some sort of sympathy and affection in such a confoundedly bleak and for. b"ddingo country. OuraturdyteamolConadlan horses took us forther and further from aivi. I|arcion; hoetelries of any sort were few and far between. But an honest sheep-dog would hrre been a jollier companion than Flint; his thin lips couldn't seem to take the shape of a healthy laugh. Without divo.ging any commerlcial secrets, I told Flint what I could of my errand into this wilderness, hoping to get sone little cout deece in return. He did go so far as to hlnt that he alsso was connected with hunting and trapping, but he was extremely close mouthed and reticent as to particulars, and after little spurts of chat on my part the conversation languished. The third morning of our journey we had a little controversy, Flint and I, about our reete for the day. We wanted to get on to Chate'onusase, where I had letters of intlrodue. tion, and where Flint hoped to find out the whereabouts of a Monsieur Bernard, in whom I was also interested, as Flint had.told me he had been a dealer in skins. We were told there was a shorteu acrotes the country, but itwould be safer, perhaps, to take the punli~ oad. Flint was rather in latour of the lifter plan, being of a cautious and prudent temperament; but although the words of our serior partner came lute my head, they only seemed to push me the other way. '".Never take a by.path when you can get a highway," were tte parting words of Mr. Frost; but I considered them some of his oracular old- fogyssms. "It's only twenty miles, Flint," I said. "Twenly of these Canadian miles'," he added. " With fresh horses," I went on; " and our host here hsen pointed us out the way." "Yes, yes," said the innkeeper, "straight ahead, gentlemen, till you see a big closs set np at the end of a thrse.crnered field. Turn to the right, and you'll soon see a forest of f.trees; thatia the beginunitg of Chatelouease, and close at hand hoes Adrian Bernard There is a house a little this way, messieurs that is all black and empty, and has about it the melancholy of the grave.. It a--pardon me, measteuns--it is given over to the dseil. They say it is baunted." "Yes, yes," broke in Flint, eraroing his neck eagerly forward; " what is it about this house 7" *' It in that a crime has been committed there, messieuro-that lights are seen, queer aoises are heard, groans and shrieks of terror. I have it for a fact that, nitht after night, the tragedy is repeated over nod over again." ' Let as get on," said Fttlint, "in the di~rer tion ef this house." Six hours later we had reached a big bar of wood that had fallen and was plunged fathoms deep in the snow. Ae for roadis, there were none, eatiher to the right nor the left. That imbecile of an innkeeper moust have known that at this season of the year ordinary landmsrks were obliterated. We had long since been gliding oaeran nbroken surface of snow; but dimly shadowed upon the horicon I had seen the forest of fire, and I pushed the jaded beasts onward. It was weary work, as we were perceptibly going up-hbill. 'the short Canadian day was drawing to a close. If you want an idea, my friends, of complete and utter desolation, take a cam pagna of that sort when day is expiring at the hands of a pitiless and urelenting night; the vast sheet of white, "nbroken by fence or forest, becomes in the ahifting and fading light like a pall drawn over a dead world. From early morning we had not passed a roof or sean a living creature. The bitterness ot cold was somewhat ameliorated, but this was another sourns of anxiety, as it hinted of snow, and to think of this was 9o shudder; a snowstorm would be utter and irretrievable rnit. To add to my alarm, I could no longer distinguleh the line of fir-trees. "This must be snow-blindness," I said. "' Can you see those fir-trees, Flint p" +" No," he repied, calmly; " I have not seen them for some time. Thley'll probably come in sight when we get to the top of this hill." But having reached the summit, and begin nieg to deseoad, I said again, "Can you see them now, Flint 7" "No," he replied. I reined in the horres, and got upon my feet. One unbroken, glistering desert of snow surrounded us. In the yellow light of the western sky it glistened like the folds of a snake; further on, under the stormy clouds that scudded along, it grew livid and steel coloured, and looked more horrible to me than the wildest and blakest of seas. At that moment a filmy particle, soft as down, touched my cheek. In an instant we awere enveloped by the soft, white, acursoed fiakes. "My G Idl Flint," I cried, sinking back in the sled, "we are lost !" "I'm afraid so." said Flint. " Great heaven l" I exclaimed," our bones -ill lie bleanhing here for months. Our faminlies won't even know what has iBoome of us." " I baven't any family," said Flint. "Neither have I, for that matter," esid I. " But that doesn't make it any pleasanter, does it, to die here like dogs ?" ' Of course not," said Flint. You'd better take some brandy, Scott. It's unfortunate; I'd like to have hunted out that Bernard, but it can't be helped." He took a pull 'at the brandy-dask and handed it over to me. He was as cool eas the climate, my friends. In the meanwhilL th e horses, feeling the reins falling looselyrroi my fainting hands, trotted rapidly on. Beaven help thoes egolists that hold the human intellect supreme I The ponies chose the right direction. In less than ten minttes those blessed ponies took us within sight olthe line o fir- trees. I was transportEd by the felicitions view of some honest smoke wreathing up between the scnraggy br~nches which sheltered a long, low, stragglpg building, red.roofed, with diamond.shabped panes in the windows, through which we could see the ed light of the household fire. The esquawk of a fowl suggested its speedy conveyaneI e to a . neighooung Jplt the i g rnnttng?pis seen..by ws more melodioos yolumy an tha atotha mdbsi of the epinmea., pander In the sinrm'tinsssd, blinding saow. '¶Wflqq~ays. lps u sl Isgigda'I mge$~~r,~,ra, "c ,' 5,# '5~~p-~ looe?king about him with hisb keen grey -yq - "and over ynder I think I ean me the out-i lines of the haunted housee Five minutes after we at in a long low. eiled spartmant that covered bald the ground floor. The oaken rafters almost tonched tbhe head of a tell trapper who was lodging! with Monoleur Bernard. He had a long blonds bheard and ningularly melodlouns voloe. There ws qnuite a number of guasts there all of them trappers, ao Monsieur Bernard; aid;. but this tallfellow theyoanlledOsmaron had the shoulders of a Herenles with the' hce of an Apollo. I suppose I wuaome-2 thing dazed with the audden relief and ressue, for it appeared to me that a yout?? woman who eat by the Awre, paring earola' the arJa eolour of her Long bralds of hair, wa as. beautiful an an angel. DHr eyes were soft and luminoue, her forehead mlow and white; nso indescribable air of tender melancholy shadowed her face. The chemi cette she wore was as white as the snow" upon which it was bleohed i her bodice wan of homeepun; the knots on her knitted atoekinge must have been made by her own little honde; the big buckles on her shoes could not hide the pretty arch of her instep. She sang under her breoth a little couplet, of which the refrain was "Jamalis, Jamais I" Hungry as I war, I could soaroely touch the fine grilled fowl prepared. for un, but my soul devoured the daughter of Monaler Bernard. The toll trapper and his companions were suppling in a neigh bouring room; we could hear their glseas rep upon the table or chink against saeh other; acraps of songs and disjointed sen tencesa reached our ears. Flint picked the chlkento the bone, in tbhe meanwhile talking in a low tone to Monuieur Bernard, who bulked in the heat that poured from the crackling sides of the sheec iron stove, and blinked at Flint like an ancient lizard .He wasoa little, dried-up man, with a close aep pOn hih head; his leather breeches reached \- little below his knees; a warm furry jacket, high woollen stockings, and wooden nabots completed his coetome. An hour or two went by; the trappers in the neighbour. ing room had fiuished thet meal, and apparently gone to bed. Flint and lthe little Frenohman pursed their conversation. As for me, I had drawn elose to the bsautifual young woman, who w wa washing some quaint yellow mungs at the end of the long oak table. Her name was Marie. In this primitive region conventionalities were set aside-an earnest?pasnon glided along like snow ahose, I got over a good deal of ground in a very habort time. I begaun to believes this journey wse marked out for me. I told farie soe and lifted one of herlong braids to boy lips. I was just thinking what a senaatin that peculiar eoloured hair and her remarkable beauty would create in our otorele at hotie, when Flint called out to me that he had rebsolved to go over and sleep In the hauntid houes. "Don't you woant to go along,. Scott," he said, "or are you afraid 2" The latter part of his sentence had a peouliar eneering'intonation. I said I was not afraid, but thought it a very absurd aiU infernally nncomfortable thing to leave a werm firesideandgo plunging over there i the 'now and the freezing air for a freak of coriosity. . Marie clasped her hands, and besought of us,'for the sake of the Redeemer, not to go.; that in that room uptatirs, upon that very pallet of straw, the murdered man had been found; and nobody had slept there saince, or stayed in the house. " Ercept the gbosts of Chateloesse," said her father, in a dry, whesey voice. Eut Flint got his lantern ready. Of course I had to go. It one man -ventures pon a foolhardy Lreak, another must follow, orrnt under the imputation of cowardioe. Mon alenr Basard helped u on with onur oversmeota. I looked isto the sweet eyes of Mario; they were dilated with that expresslon of terror one sees Jo the eyes of a fawn, I took her cbld hands In my own. "Relst tranquil, my sweet child,' I said, for I was touched by her tendernesS; "I will return to you." We made our way throbgh the blinding snow, and found the house black and empty. The door areaked on its rusty hinge, the shutters banged, a melancholy wind howled thkourh the corridor. " We sahll have our labour for our pains," I seid, as we entered the room upatairs; 0 there f nothing remarkable in a few broken chairs and an old bundle of straw." " We most be patient," said Flint, throw ing the buffolo robe upon the bed, and blow ing out the lantern; " we must wait for the hour of midnight." There was nothing for me to do but to creep in beside him. I took the inner aide, and, worn out with countless emotionas, maust have fallen asleep before the hayseed touched my hair. I was awakened by a peculiar mocking laugh, seemingly close by my ear; but, upon regaining the sotiolty of my senses, I found it distant and hollow. Again and again it secmed to come from the very bowels of the earth. I began to feel a shill Un down my vertobrm. " Flint," I whipered, reaEnhing over for him, " do you hear that " But my hband wandered over an empty spas at my side. Flint was gone. I was alone in this acoursed house. Strange nolises came to me. I fancied I heard a groan, the clanking of a chain. Heaven knows what terrible vagaries barset me. "Perhaps," thought I, "Flint has been dragged away; my turn will come next." Distlnstly I heard again that boltowe, mock lng laugh, and step by step a foot ascending the stair. A cold sweat burst from every pore in my body. I sprang from the bed, and ran out the open door down the stairs. It eeetmed to me a shadowy form fled before me, and vanished in the corridor.. I plunged acrous the field and at last burst into'a low ceiled room, where I found the miseroble little Frenchman and my mising companion. "Oh, you ran away, theou" I said to Flint. ' Yes," be said, quietly, " I thought It best not to awaken you7. " So you left me to be murdered, perhaps 1" " That was what I w?uted to avoid," be asid. I saw that he was pale, and his hands shook a little. "1e shall push on to Chate louse at daybreak," he said. SI thought you had more nerve, Flint," Sreplied. " I wouldn't myself sleep in that hounse again to be junior partner with Frost : Co.; but that is no rea'on for negleoting busipeasn opportunities. From a few words Iexchanged with that tall trapper-I think they call him Cameron-" " Yes," said Flint, with sudden eagerness. " What about him " ' I think he san put me in the way of a luorative stroke of business bohere." "Mow? In what way"' said Flint. "In the trapping way, of course," replied; "in the way of tkins." The light died out of Flint's face. He sank back in his chair, end stroked his thin beard contemplatively. "Suppose you remain here, then, till I come bock," be said. "I shan't be gone more than two or three days." "All right," I said, with laerity. In trnub, I hated to leave Marie. At daybreak Flint drove away. with a stable boy of Bernard's for a guide. - U eHo's the last man In the weld -I'd take to be eseh a coward, I said,,to thotall tapper ~ ; am'eoa suome bouo later on. 1 ibwiaedhlm to breakfLst with ms, andelated. \- idm .eawstrhasmp il th wsems mlght. "aidon't hoow astjt g shee ghcabn I ele· 4onb.iIert alihad *einota Helweengt~ ehalek edag oltwn mkio leausha fobit#p, amlmles gho m lo i n; \- I fled down, a pbee tawke dorm bast~aesE exp~·lvainp8 to were stath oa pesrin bsltrns?h.maveyrq ith. tio o Thoream UQrAthib ,b50WD ,PMd earth then ae dree mta oeirk phllaeoplr," tosaid amern. "AUlweai An enie skeep4 else enotclene bod he w abalnbao ive,." hae whent eptuikLnogiea e wqsythe ase to look spOef lm e.a kind of.:w ll ile feande theg olld_ ioobdo w lakut. nld yet bh hedt an eye~n d?b rbn lta hoetne .He eaitn. tp: ae-eita?otd for o?ring akin., whioh wee veryIntnorad - Bros Kariepmnoipare bletr week and Dbsed to hue. ?Her lreyeperpded ejpon-hlereo. ~ olh an ager, yearng ing ezprdoaaloo beAtifalelthet I wondered i did. not ats hale notice; hbt he was aeoied .in hla aubjeOt? Thabet drort Cndhan da . thbe sweetjeb of litfoe. Beor? .nl?ghtlll I :wsrn ll per sadd ther was i eot on e woa n unc; thel world for me; I bnt all that Iob boid a Vria nt ayberebto wak boua aofrle lh time wlth. adibret lnaleotleton tllbollerme a whole sweet language Inibel·.· at nightfll of the eeoond day Flnt em hok, looLine mrtheb pale-ada.-?on. aid tha ar was frmieg; Iacihepre 1 woldl be milder l. the morning; thetamloeatolge e-ff iearlya poaeble, <e , e." SIhf geon to-morrow, ,lint," I mid, "I oh hnsertogoalea. I mout,remln . " h?lh notigo alona""d Flinb L hei have.plenty of oompany. Bb why sea t yen raemln l'S .". .. I didn't care to epet man like Flnt, bob I toildbLm c ttl opening In trste ofgeie me by mern.', . "The tail fellow, with - •blondeee.trdrt? -id Flint, going over.end .attiwller ehsmbr dogr. Then q am, e el, to:ne and wlhiperlu in my ear !Bfleot, iesl idst of the gang. Huoh! be qnlf; dot't lrply. I have oneartheda troop afi;eonntarfeiter law them atwoak thmlabghtintlxshonet haouse,. They. ·r ..rtbet hpheti;.rs c¾.C elonene In sihoanr we ahaill~aays lesip. To-morrow wash ahU~tsi~;nfftepIijar . Nor nardgvew them-op., Thawt lrei.linoinam oet hare." - . : "Trappi g.I a d. m - "Exactly," ad~lilut. fln sltomnhoanu everythIng wall ls ready; TliS #oare will coma armed : be rnepa!," lih. , f J•amt hollp ou o'm, I asb. / for rdi~~;ii~~ta,~ completaly atonusdau d hen I gthered my senacsg rsoves dp ceo thing-oLt to tawiltt. trI.W could get parad tta ns w atew would not lahr dthis?.i ? ewth her tealtor of afateri, to s?cme early onges 4 wmn se?n hand. I ught her eoe reeodnii m e o. feeding thatowl lciheccnot tgerd- sgrs "Y .bsten 9h e, Adhe.i. the4?hot o dove per chingupl ,o 1 sahou ,a udt inrkreaokal rsie~blnt. J~~rt~·~pek lao d o ayemt e. w it s ewo rrow enora~n!d·g t?e l a?aes hewp hey will be me'l Iio fa?lderd yav?pe b en at w o aithe archway. r" hrs~4nnw eeet b?ead , ae th - ime o : i s?uen: to fe . m e e w ~i r fbe.' k lgrey. look w entre out of j.'oc? mcat. goentrated; ' the hmorsrew alr? ?e ar nessed.". , - • . "tWhereret twer anl the maried. Iwbei nou wila go ." behd m. Tes -i b trobYes, yes, I wll go," she ai ; g'and nowot -I m.s, get redy." . felLr hie looked so eovnd rigid in the hcld rehetlone of the ow-es th beautiful ace no longer thoht of t h:sitd'; woman'-bu trpipppet,.~sf, hot they are~sonntsrfeteee. me, full of esoluton and etrenthht of " Klee me before you go," I Isid, holding? et close to my h hrour. , d She puth her oold lTph to mine. t God blaf you l" she &ried; " God in heaven .bless o touI"pped fur Idndthat c w ight eahpme ol. hour hnacr our ppieat dlde; the wheat fell cn of ee o.spel~op ~npo the grlnud;' )1S. fowls. easuicailng an clghtng aten to Siker In the hnte. huserd whlitr, till aha~wullkthmoaancwbutstd ·thostoew 4 "My· Godimy.oal ?'~:~~dl' elt kept lynd hlas pie to the an windopg ah hlnked. I strtedtly ht into the dnkne. id nost dse re sitell hime.I '~si rret fo Cameron. The fellow was so ;lovble, an@;. bad 8ech as gal5leless fooe; his oloe.was as/ m.?lodious as a women's. .At last lie turned reom the window adet o ut ohr tqp e roomh "Y-king a ak georth mo, me to follow. The men had ome. hoon we were marhingr Wrohe t-e e areld, the o hlorse f the law ornanhing through the snow With thei~r heerW bODtS, and muttering mBIleiiot0oB ,t05hto~ said. -hk .. · .hs~d, -i'~ "In thehedy teeth. In truth,-it wa youl wiligo." "ir, inglyn oll go,We hd nearly eaio-d 0sh I most got toady." house when a old, helfwittegid ernt ofthe cold reflection of the, sown-the beautifol face no longer that of a child'e; a wRoman's· faee, foil of resolotlunl and etrength. '<Rise me before you go:' i said, huldlng, heonser t rd' ame ruing out tor. he put her.oldlptmie. odbl yen)"~ she cried: "God inheae blrocs ~ you I" hu blight came on; horar~fter-orr passed; lighta began tch~iskerln the haunoted hqnss' Faint glued his taps to the wRindowanrd. looked. steadily put into tha darkusos. I did not dare tell hIm .1 had a iregret for Cameron. The fellow was eo~o~ahlo, and, had such a a guileless fans: his vuoso was %,· meilodiousass wIoman's. Atd Ilast e turned. from the· whidow-candorent out chle room, making a quick geolturs tar me to follow. The men had come. Soon we were marcbluj.i actols the. Scid, the· offisrs of *the law arunehing throegh the snow waith ihelrh~esoy boots, end muttering maladiiotons Aah~ongb . their chatterbng teeth. In trutl ·It was. ~pieretn~yoold. We hadnearlyreahed the hooto wohen an ild, half-wlttod· 'ervant of MIonsieur Bernard's came running nut to. meet us. " Mother ofheaven, hot I'm glad!" he oried. "I was esared to stay thlere so long; they are gone sinoe' this many hoores." ' Gone I" shouted Fliot; "whoare gone? ?" "The men toiks yonder. And they took with them the sweet mistress, Marie." "Marie !" bauret from my lips and those ot K. Bernard. I .. :. "Bot yes," said the old ase ria.;?'he cried all the way, bhat he took.her in lailsrm and hushed her like a baby, and put her noder his oloesk." "Whot Wh0l?" weoded., , "Who but Mr. emeron?" wan tbe raply. " Anybody with wooden eyes: norlhave seen what was going on." Bernard raited his hands to heav then sank aupOn the snow. I remain?d with him, I w .nasneble to go on;.:beadea'itwas nee-. lea?. The men soon ame bask. The house wena empty; the birds had flown, and with them bhad gone my sweet little dove. What a madm~an lihsa been! As the hotler bael said, anyoare ould have seen the love inher eyes when .she looked upon Oameron. I remembered news hundred sighsdndslanes. Poor little Marie I Monsieor Bemard divided his wrath od. tretohedness, se did the Jew of Veniee, between his dosate and hledoaughter. - Every maule end pony were taken from the shede;, it was even impossible to paeane the fsgi-? tives. -Flint wee livid with rage. 'Who.: oonld have betrayed osn" he said 4~hrouasgh, his laneshed teeth, and hall inelined io?Ma~' peat te. rlth ansrbe Btereenard. q *Aasbio g ht Mer~latrweal et uia ahaghbd IrhsrbLte~ gb~~lea 