J- 'J HE VLCISSTTINIES bV< "FOBTDNE.^-7Atlas lib the World of June 26tb gays :-^The late Sir Titus Salt, who builtilhe j.ijetfcy ciodeltown <Sa|taire, in; Yorkshire, was a •erv benevolent gentleman; but the benevolence ha^o'er-leapt- itself. It )tias biien found since Si r Titus died ithat his estate WHS considerably 1 ess valuable' than he bad estimated. Tlireats to| throw tlie estate into Ciiant-ery followed the discovery from those; immediately interest td.j Ultimately the different cl liinaritb ,decided lb. accept the inevitable, aud ke what there wan "Within tlie last few days settlement has tJen arrived at, the oasis of licli is that one of the sons buyh out the other niiMiits, paving tlieni 13s. 4d in the £. One suit of tuis arraij'tgenieMr is thait the D-iwauer ndy Salt vacates (Criiw Nest, tbe family oeatj, i goes to town| to reside ; and, as a cmii- MieiiceiiKiii, ttie fainily fuiniture at Crow Xe^t isjto be sold hv auc|io:ij" ' IELOPBMENT AT lipciiESTER.^— WE take the following from the j fiaclietler Express :—There used to he in what ik termed " the good old times " a large ainoiunt of interest attached to a case where "a ladv slopes down a ladder of rilpes " and evenTnow-a-days, when we are turned more prosaic atld the poetry of our lives iisialmost vanished, there is an amount of romance atfd sentiment cen(redj in a runaway milch in Viictoria, especiallyj when one of the principals has previously beeij he und in wedlock, and his foir some considerable time managed to exist under the matrimonial yoke, which acts as a concomitant to give tlje .afair a dashlof sensationalism. Such an extraordinary elopement has occurred in this district, and as- it is food fyr gissip we give publicity to it. It appear.-, so far as particulars have leaked out, that the g-iy Jjbthario is =111 ordinary bulLick driver wlio seems to have urged biscuit i" not wisely but too wellj" oi his eniployer's[ wife, who lie. persuaded fo sKeddadle with hirn a|id leave five children and aporrowing husbanEl to mourn her loss. Ano|ld ptoverh says tiiat itsistts differ, and there is no accounting.for tnein, ajnd ajiparentlv it is exeippljified to its'utinosit limits in the present " bursjtno," for we have not heard tiiat tbe :loving hillock-driver possessed any inordinate personal attractions over the.'farmer, who. was in affluent circumstances, to iarrint such fickleness 011 the l>art nf the lady fajr. jThe husband is highly respected. and weil-known both, here and (in Kjyneton. . J' | I THE PEOHIBITION QUESTION.—A correspondent. writing to tjie M. Herald under t!he 710m deplume of " Scrur.al r," alter reviewing tbe var oussieu> wliich|havj3 been taken with the vieivof obtaining the removal jof the prohibition against tiie importation of stock, thus concln'des — I must'not' omit to tjotice the hardihood of tjlie as-01 nuns that the deputation so confidently ma'de to Mr. Farnell oil the 15;h January, that " jln Queensland stockbreeders ,had' forwarded a petition to I the Queensland Government for the! Ihrowing op^n tiieir! ports; and in yictpri.i," the speaker (Mr. Living) thought V thjey were in favoiir ot tjiie impoi tation of stock ui|der reasoiiabIere^ula!i"ijs ; nut in South Australia there appeared to bej a division of opinion regarding the matter." Certainly, the stockholders of all three colonies have most distinctly decleared in favour of prohibition, and, in tlie face of this, I am quite ajt a loss to accou ;t for suj:h a barefaced asscriiofi ; unless Mr. I»iving| wiH justify it by saying tfiat he alludes to some few who devote themselvesj to breeding special q!ualiiies. If £0, the legislating for tlieni in oppo^iionjto the great lioay of stockholders is class legislation of the narrowest description, and deservejs to be stigmatised and condemned, to use Air.. .Bruce's own words,| as aggravated protectiiii." Biit. above all, tins is not a question upon! which one colony should take isolated acticln. It is, as Mr. Morgan points out, pre-eminently an .intercolonial .question. Let but one diseased Animal be overlooked ana escape unnoticed {through the quarantine regulations of New Suuwi iVliles, ami it is.a ceiiaiii'y that the disease wall spread like wildfire throughout Queensland on the one hand, and- Victoria and South Australia 0^1 the other. No human means would then be effectual to arrest itbe progress of the {pestilence. There is only one who can say as to the iocean, hitherto shall thou come, and no further, j But miracles bave ceased, we have 110 Aaroii to [take fire f-om the altar, and arrest the plague ';by standing between Itlie dead and the living. |The Almighty only helps those who help tiitrasjlves, by usina the means that He has plaped ill their hands, and if iwe. with earless apijthy, neglect the precautions which are now iii our power, we shall have 'jnly ourselves to hlanie, however great the calamity that may overwhelm us. The consequences would be, that instead of being the great pastioral country that we now are ; instead of advancing both in the quality an|d quantify of our stock, our plauis uouldjbe but half occupied; instead of having to devise means for the disposal of our surplus, we should find difficulty in keening up our mi:n! ers frojm year to year; or, if at any time there were any sensible increase, it wiiuld quickly disanpear under the desolating effects of a fresh outbreak of tfye pestilence. Instead of meat uneqnalledj in cheapness and quality^ we shou'd liaave prices j enhanced fourfold, land quality deteriorated, ifjnot actually rendered' unwholesome. | | j SOMNAMBULIST MOBDEBEBS. — According to the daily paper^, a plrisoner was recently jsonvictea at Edinburgh of 1 having, while in a state of somnambulism, murdered his child, and has since been set at liberty, very rare, but assuming Cases of this kind are tbe somnambulism to be clearly proved, there can be little question of the correctness of 'the course thus adopted. Dornbluth, the jermaii psychologist, tells I of a youug woman i?ho, in: consequence of a fright occasioned by an attack of robbers, was seized with epilepsy and became subject to somnambulism. \Vhilej in that : condition she was in tbe habit of stealing ajrticles, and was charged with theft, but 011 the advice of Dornbluth was released, and eventually cured. Steltzer (cited in Wharton and Stillie.) gives an account of a somnambulist who clambered out of a garret window, descended into {the next house, and. killed a young girl whp was asleep there. . And tbe same learned writers quote from Sarvarin an account of a somnambulist monk (related to iSarvarin by the pyior of the convent where) the ineideut happened): .-"The Somnambulist entered the chamber of the prior ; his eyes ^vere open, but fixed : the light-of the two lamps tiiade .110 impression upon hinij; his features were Contracted, and he carried in His hand a large knife. Going straight to the bed, he had first the appearance of examining jif the prior was there. He then struck three, blows, which pierced the coverings, and | even a ] mat, which served the purpose of a malttress. In returning, his^ countenance was unbent, and was marked by an air of satisfaction. | The ne:ct day . the prior asked the somnambulist what he had dreamt of the preceding nightj and the latter answered that be had dreamt that his mot tier had been killed ,by tbe prior, and tihat .her ghost had appeared to hiin, demanding vengeai that at this sight lie was so transported by rage tbat be had immessasstn of bis mother." diately run to slab the a Sarvarin adds bhat'if tlie prior had been killed the monk could not pissi jly,. under these cir- cumstances, have been punished:— THE DEATH | OF SEBGEAKT WALKING'S MUR- SEKEB.—The following particulars relating to the capture and death pf " Midnight" arje ex-! tracted from thf Bourkej paper :—Sub-inspector Duffy and two constables named Hatton; aud Gray, left OD the 1st October for Eringonia station, in searcl of Midnight.' They arrived at : the station late " ' ' L 1 on the evening of tbe " "2nd, and camped in a hu . Midnight came tiiat night to the station aho it the hoiir tbe mailman usually arrives, and tl e constables, thinking it was the mailman, bega :i talking 10 him. This startled him, aud he ejaculated something about the' — traps, aud mad e for the door, and, jumping 011 a horse, galloped off. Die police as quickly as he did form d an opin on as.to their visitor, made for him but wer too late to intercept him. They fired twice at. him, but without success. He: left two horses, evidently stolen, on one of which, on a pack-s'addle, was a revolving rifle, a revolver (both loaded), and £4 in money. The constables at once went in pursuit, iwhen the horse of «ne : knoeked up, and a dway occurred that wis irritating, as the scent! was strong, f hey met two jockeys returning! from the raceB at Tiiargoniindah (Mr. Vincent Dowling's old station), whom they warned ito be careful with their horses, as Midnight was on their track. About two hours after they . lejftthe leftt police, tbey sighted Midnight trying to cut them off from a ga:e, but the jockeys put spurs to their horses au 1 galloped off, aud thus esckped. The constable Laving got a remount, tbe two resumed tbe pursuit with ; dogged perseverance, following the tracks of ;Midmgbt for twol days without anything to eat. j They at last same up with him at W ipwcllah station, when a life or death chasem camenced, lasting as far as Macanoa station, jwlie •4 tlit-polioejtrie!d to^hoor tlie horse: he waVrltJr g, but sliofjthe mari'in'et&adr;^They at once arretted Midnight, who still fought obstinatelyy "tl:•ough. bis life-bbmd vyap ; rapidly flowing. an(| broughl brought hitii hnii to Irara Creek, where he died, llhere JS is QO 110 aoubt.but d< that Midnight and Law are the same'man. MR. LQNOHOBE ASP THE VICTOBIAN SELECTOBS. —I'hefoliolingreg.iia'ti j n.sijjiied by the Ministerof Lauds, litis been g izetted-?" The notice of the 28th Au^uJt, 1877, i:i reference to the mortgage of leaseholds .has beeji . withdrawn, and tlife fnllowinj; ^unsiitutedj:—I be Licensee t«i" iibtain the saction of the ''iovefn'or"in 'Council; in accordance r «ith 'schedule,- specifying the reasons for desirin r to mortgage, the amount required, and 'he interest and charges' to be paid; this statement' fo' ! be sign'ed- : hy the Lessee and .Mortgagee, to'show t!ha.t the Lessee is tbe: bona JiJe occupi=r. Applications cnti be made for the sanction ol immediate j advances; for 'temporary purposes, not to exceed; fifteen shillings per a'cre, the Lesses and, lenderjgiving joint notice of the amount ottained by! wray of temporary advance, aud the interest .and charges to be paid." A Wmjre MAS I AND A CHRISTIAN.—We CHadgkinson Xetcn) arejgiven to understand tl.iat A buco.i:; genius, resident on tlie sad sua Wave side of tlie Hoi a certain v his pi itnit kiiistm. liap acci-ientally discovered av jto discourage tbi growing taste of ve hrethreii (for the liesh of his-oxen, It is said hat whilst reviewing his flocks and herds he discovered -a ver.y larae body: of his Sallg/line srotherhoodj.congregated round the I rostrate form of a sylvan denizen. Evidently they werej'liBhelievers [in the n : ne-points-of-the • law maxim for tht-y quickly gave place to the rightful ojvner. Thinking it a pity to lose so good an opportunity <• f poisoning some of the hawks ami tiingoes wi'li which the country is infested, lesieu, ouj- onr pastoral | friend literally peppered the carcase of his quondam grasseater with that violent, pi: rrosive vjenom—arsenic; and (in order thaj n none but ilie pilferinti curs for whom ttie fesst was intended should partake of itj •labelled t ie body "Poison." His surprise may he imagin ed. when, revisiting the spot to see tlie result of lis scheme. ^ie discovered that, disregarding bis cautiou,! a.tlarge number of the original njionarchs of jtlie soil had injudiciously partaken (of the insalubrious ".bullocky," and as a natural iconsequence!. most of them bad become slightly indisposed; j[If bis statement is true and the authorities take no steps to punish tile authors cijr the deed, jthey deserve the gravest censure if it is false,! then this man referred to has a good action against the Mining News for holdin him up for public exceration as the most contempt|ble scoundrel at large in Queensland.— IT is nbtitied in this Government. Gazette that that the following rates shall be charged for the conveyance of wool on the Great Southern BailT •way on and after the 15tb j October nefct to Sydney:—From Waajga Wagg^, 9s per bale not over 4 cjwt; 1 Junee,"j 83 9d; Betbungra, 8s 6d ; Cootamundraj 8s 3d,; Murrunihurrah, 8s 6d ; Binaiongl 7s Boivjtnng, 7s ,6d ; Yass, 7s <3d ; 'Gunning! 7s 4d ; Goulburn, is; Marulan, 6s 6d ; ' Moss Vale, 5s 6d ; MittKgong, 5s ; Picton, 4s ; Menangle, 3s; Canrphelltown, 2s 6d. Bales over 4 cwt to be charged 15 per cent, on above charges fjor every cwt. or portion of cwt in excess of 4 fcwt.; An allowance of 15 per cent, will lie made on ahove rates for all wool properly dumped and hooped A-ith iron, and for all bales not exceeding 25olbs in weight. The rates to and from washin;; establishments will be for-distance not exceeding !l5 .miles,; Is per bale ^exceeding id but not-22 miles, ls'3d per bale, j'he wool delivered will i commence at 6 a.m., and close at ^.30 p 111., atithe.Redfern wool shed; all wool nojt accepted within fllteen minutes after same has been tendered at consignee^ stores or offices'by. the commissioner, vyill be stored -at owner's risk and expense, and will be.liable to charges.{for re-carta»e.in -ndditinn. The.-place! for' belrvei-y 'must - '-Be-' stated - on the< ; deliver^ t order. i MARSUPIAL PLAGUE IK QUEENSLAND! — The Mackayj correspondlent of 1 the Queeuslandcr writes :'-y" The marsupial scalps continue to roll 1 into each succesive | meeting of the board ' of directors in almost | incredible 'numbers! - At a meeting held at Mavyland on Saturday last, no fewer, th au the immense nutnher of 27,946 scalps (princip JLy kangtmio) were burnt, ; tbe work of burning occupied tlie directors till nearlv miduiu lit. I11 payment^ viiucliers. to the extent of £899 2 6d. w tre signed 011 the Treasury. This unexpected large main has had the effect of again plunging the;board into debt,; aud at a meeting of the directors held to-day, it was decided| to levy an {extra supplementary tax on stock to the extent jof 4s. for every ]00 head of sheep o|-"20 bead of ^cattle. This, tbe third lew,; will fall heavily on many strgglimr settlers, bntlt : must lie paid. Thpre aire wnisperings of sharp practice; in connection with .the loads of scalps that arje monthly produced at Maryland, aud I have heard it hinted that many of itie scalps come across the hoijder. A RELIABLE INSPECTOR.—The Armidale correspondent of the M ,Herald furnishes the following evidence "of the reliability to be placed upon the reports ijf some of the inspectors of selections: — At a Hand court of inquiry, Mr.i Sydney) Birth, at Armidale, the following amusing faefs were, brought out in evidence, whicb, to a thinking- mind,imay suggest many things in. reference to the administration of the present land la^vs:—The inspector of conditional purchases reported that he had visited a selection on: 13th June last, and! found it fully improved and resided! 011 by the selector, his wife, and'familv.' This sakne selector j deposed that he bad 'never resided; on the selection, and was not married at. the date mentioned ; and, further, that he wps' not improving the selection, and had given the Government notice of abondonmeut in April last, just two months before tbe supposed visit of the inspector, j NOTABLES IN THE PARK.—When royalty'takes to airing in London's fashionable Park, !loyal Briton^ of both seixes pay it itbe deference of drawing off to the way-side, that it may the: better be gazed at, admired, and bowed to. And this is a sketch of the scene :—" Last, but not least, {comes royalty—because they generally do not pome into the Park till, long after 6 o'clock.. A single mounted policeman is seen approaching, and as he comes a line is formed up the centre of tbe drive; be. is. soon .followed jby a simple victoris, drawn byjgray horses, seated in whicb I is the' Princess of Wales, with three of tbe young | princesses, her daughters, two on the seat beside j her, one on: her j knee—a pretty,, charming sight. Tbe Princess looks lovely, 4s yoiing as ever; everything about her is trimi and neat; a; tight-fitting costume and ruff high up round herj neck; tbe little princesses in sailor hats.-; It is. etiquette not to trouble tbe Princess with muchparticular" notice when'driving in tbe Park; hot) so endeared has she become to every heart that the rule has ; to be broken through, and ladies' bow ai d smile and'gentlemen take off their hats as she passes, audi in turn ;all receive a' kindly recogn ition from this -truly angelic Princess] This occurs every- afternoon. Year after yeaij *'•- the •"••terest in increases—her,reward for a truly loving nature. How different.to the fortunes of her si iter-in-law jthg_ Ihicbesis of Edinburgh] whose >utwardly co|d and unresponsive demeanour when i 1 public repels everybody. Other memberb of the royal house j mingle.in tbe crowd jand are not preceded by anyoutriiler.' .The carriage of the Princess Mary {Adelaide, Duchess of Teck,-'i|s up under tlie shade of the trees, and slipis chadting gaily with friends gathered round b- carriage. Her splendid face is animated, anil her la ugh is delightful to hear, aud makes one forget her rather ! too large figure. She is out of the most populat of tbe princesses, and has a warm jpl place in everybody's heart. • She is happy in the possession of a noble, handsome husbanja and beautiful children. Before the marriage of Queen' Victoria slie. stood third from tbe throne after per brother the Duke ' o"C" Cambridge. TBRJOAT ATTECTIONS AND HOABSENESB.—All surferitig from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will' b^ agreeably [surprised at the almoBt immediate Teiief afforded toy theiuse of " Brown's Bronchial Troches!" These famous «• lozenges'": are now. sold by moot respectable; chemists in tiisa country at Is I Jd pi;r box. People troubled withja "hacking cpugli," a "slight cold," or bronctiikl affections, cannot try' them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, 'result in serious Pulmonary and Astlhmatic affections. See that tljie words j " Brown's Bronchial 'Troches " are on the Government Stamp • around each box. Man 1- factured by JOHN I. BBOWN & SONS, . Busto 1, United States. Deb6t, 493 Oxford-tcreet, Londo 1. SEVEN thousand {pounds is a big sum for a China service, especially for colonial use, y< yet we find th it Mr. •. W. J. Clark^, of Melbourne, has had one special cially y. manufactured in England Enstlan -to epeci order, it acoBt of t£7000. It is Idescribed wettremely unique suid beautiful, and so impressed Queen Victoria upon being showii to her that si ie mmediately orderejl a fac rimile. Do} buy a ou want to make a sound investment T Thin telephone, j Solicitors' Journal. Ed. Patriot,'] j j —Harper's Magazine. j 