STi ANDREW'S, PERTH. LAYING OP THE FOUNDATION STONE OP THE NEW CHURCH On Thursday the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Church of England at Perth took place as announced. Special trains by the Launceston and Western Railway were laid on by the kind consideration of Mr R. W. Lord, manager, one from Launceston at 10*45, and one from Longford at 11 "50 a.m. These were not nearly so well patronized as the importance of the occasion and the inviting conditions of the weather would have led us to anticipate. When we arrived at Perth there were indications of a gala day. The site of the new church is the Church Reserve of about an acre, adjacent to the Public School grounds, and a display of bunting told of the scene of operations. We were surprised to see that the walls of the new structure had been built up to a height of from 4 to 6 feet. The corner stone was prepared for fixing at the north-east angle in the chancel, the pulley tackling including one of the patent runing chains, a considerable improvement upon the old style of rope and block. We may here mention that the church iB after plans and designs by Mr Harry Conway, the architect, in the old English style, to be built of brick cement, the dimensions 50ft clear in length, 25ft in width, 18ft in height to the plate, open roof, the dimensions from the floor to the apex measuring 36ft. The chancel is 12ft by 13ft 9in, and small vestry. There is a porch 8ft square, and the design embraces a tower at the end, detached, the spire having a rise of 94ft. The estimated cost 1 of the work is £1820. The east and west ends will be filled in with large 3 light windows. The internal fittings to be subject to future consideration. An awning was erected near the stone, and benches were placed for the convenience of the choir, the clergy, and the ladies, and othera. A cabinet organ was brought to the spot, Mr F. Ferguson presiding and conducting the choir .of Christ Church, Longford, to the members of which were assigned the choral jemènts. The Right Rev. the Bishop had been asked in the first instance to be. present, but his lordship could not make it convenient, to attend. His Worship the Mayor . of Launceston had engaged to perform the ceremony, but seriouB illness prevented. At the last moment, almost, Miss Youl, member of a familj devoted . to the interests of the .'Anglican Church at Perth, and thé,.Superintendent of the Church Sunday-school, was prevailed upon to lay the stone, which, ; under the circumstances, was generally acknowledged to be moBt appropriate, as Miss Youl's late father had the honor'to lay the ' foundation stone of the first Anglican Church in the colony— namely j, St.. John's Laun ceston. Invitations had been given ,to the clergy generally, to assist on the occasion, but it was unfortunate that several of . them were away. The Archdeacon on the (ipast, health recruiting ; Ćanon Brownrigg on -lus misaion trip in the Straits ,; Rev. Mr Macą iii Victoria ; Rev. A Barkvray, detained in town on parochial duty ; and the'Encumbents of- Westbury and Deloraioe ; .engaged elsewhere. The : clergy assembled at Temperance Hall and walked, attired , in their surplices, to thé site, there "being present The Rev. D. Galer (Perth), Rev. C. Vaughan (Campbell Town), Rev. J. M. .Norman (Créssy), Rev. Canon Hi O. Irwin, M'. A (Hàgley), Rev. A. N. Mason (New ToWn), Rev. A Wayh (Longford), and Rev. C. W. Power (reoèntly arrived in the colony). The great majority bf thô spectators consisted of ladies andchildren, including the Sunday scholars. Among the gentlemen, besides the clergy, were Messrs Pyke, Chas. Youl, Alfred "Soul, Croome, Pearson, Russell, East, C. M. A; Galer, .'E...Ferguson,,, M'Ewan, Edjyards.retc., besides ÎMp.Harry Conwày, the, architect, Mr Eldridge,. assistant architect (lately from England); etg., 'etci : The order for laying, this foundation, stone of à churchor chapel..w.rae.w.tl^ diocese, was : observed, and popjpsw$te dfstributed; amçngst the. coflgregątión.;. Thfj ,Reys.. jtfepąra.Galer, Yauglm, Wayi^ etc., f»ok part ori thie^ devotional service, 'some of which was intoned, the psajupis b^ing chanted. The hymn, "Christ is the foundation, 1 "'having [bfeeń ;sung, thé fôUowingstatemèiit was'rèad by the ; Rev. AL N. Mason attire Request of the ińcum^ b^tit, 'being à copy of thé' document inserted; in the' bottle placed ! under the stone :—' - '• ''• ' • , Ifewr.chuiççh of St.- Andrew's,.Perth,. Tasmania) to replace the old cliurch which has fallen into decay. In the name of the Holy and ev<ar-bleaaed Trinity. Amen. This stone is laid by Miss Charlotte Youl, on the 17th day of January, 1878, in the 41st year of the reign of her Most Graoious Majesty Queen Victoria, whom God bless and preserve. Governor, Commander-in-Chief, and Vice Admiral of Tasmania, his Excellency Fred. Aloysius Weld, Esq. Premier, hon. P. O. Fysh, Esq., member of the House of Assembly. Lord . Bishop of Tasmania, Charles Henry B romby, D.D. Archdeacon of Hobart Town, the Yen. K. E. Davies. Archdeacon of Launceston, the Ven. Francis Hales. Incumbent of Perth, the Rev. David Galer. Churchwardens, James Pyke, Marshall Creswell, and Jas. Bird, Esqs. Lay representative, E. J. Manley Esq Organist of tbe Church, O. ŁL Augustus Galois Esq. Architect, Harry Conway, Esq. Contractors, masonry, etc.—Messrs M'Ewan and Edwards. Woodwork, etc., Mr E W. Roe. Cost of church, with porch, £1420 ; and of the tower and spire, £400, exclusive of internal fittings. British coins inserted with this document beneath this stone:—One farthing, one halfpenny, one penny, threepenny piece, fourpenny piece, sixpence, and shilling. Newspapers—Church JSlews, Mercury, Tribune, Cornwall Chronicle, Launceston Examiner, and the Launceston Evening Herald. The architect at this stage handed to Miss Youl the trowel, with which she formally spread the mortar. Mr Eldridge also presented a bottle, hermetically sealed, containing the statement, the coins, and the newspapers of the day, which the lady duly deposited in the cavity. The corner stone . was then lowered to its position, and being properly adjusted, the mallet was handed to Miss .Youl, who performed the usual masonic ceremony, and said— In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation stone in the name of Gód the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost ; adding —I declare this stone to be well and truly laid. The rev. incumbent (in the absence of the Bishop) said— Here let true faith, the fear of God, and brotherly love ever remain. This place is consèorated to prayer and to the praise of the Most .Holy Name of the same our Lord Jésus Christ, who ever liveth, with the Father and the Holy Spirit,- one God, world without end. Miss Youl then Said a few words to the spectators. She said she felt great pleasure in performing the ceremony, which owing to circumstances she had only been asked to do on the. previous evening. She said her father laid the foundation stone of "the first Church of England erected in the colony, namely, St. John's, Launceston, and although many structures since built had crumbled into dust or been pulled down, that was still standing. She was in hopes that some one besides herself would have consented to lay this stone, but they had been.subject to dis appointment. She congratulated them on the success that' had attended this effort hitherto, and she hoped she might live to see the structure opened and free from debt. Mr Conway, the architect, here presented to Miss Youlthe trowel which had been used ; it might remind her in future days of the. occasion on which she had laid the stone. Thé inscription was in blank, butjthe trowel would,:be sent to Melbourne to have the inscription filled in, when he would be happy to return it, (It was a very unique piece of workmanship, the handle of Tasmanian blackwood, ornamented,with silyer fretwork, and the blade, of silver, is to have the inscription filled in in the centre, with chased work encircling it. It was manufactured by Mr R. Davey, Brisbane-street.) Rev. Canon Irwin said he had been asked .by, the Incumbent to make a few remarks, and he had pleasure, in con gratulating all on the success of the work so far. They had a great many ties to bind them together, but the «burch tie was perhaps one of the strongest, and those who came .from.a distance must re. joice in the prospects of the Church at Perth., He, felt a sympathy for the parish,', haying visited it sometimes, and he was glad that they were about to erect a place to .the honor of God, in which they might, worship. Him «.nd engage in the service of humble praise and prayer. In the name of the .visitors he wished them joy, and expressed his congratulations to their pastor, who had had unparalleled' diflićiiltiesto encounter. He had no doubt they were all sympathisera with their pastor and this work, and as an opp'orttinity would now occur to show their sympathy, iiot only,in words'but in dèèdéï he Tiopèd'they would' evince their (sincerity by placing liberal offerings -on J thecother stone.- • Mr Çonway 4aid hé' had been deputed by lis-Worship the Màyôr ; o'f Larariceston, ,.>ho' was Jtifiablé "by reason of sickness to bè -prêtent, to place five sovereigns on thé .ptontey'V"— 1 -' ••• " •' "•"'-' ' . , ' Alkây wj-6te out a cheqrie for £20, and ' also placed' it on thé'stone. This wtó; "follàfiwpd 'b£, .çiontribiitioiiB, 1 in Whicli'thé ' children" séebièdespecially^to tské^art:,' The Rév. "Mr, Wayn Expressed his 1 pleasure '.at being présent on that interesting iobteittoć^' and he' congratulated.; 1 theih bntKp'ihtërè'st they showed ińłhe 1 work. Let' ëhîldren give; ' if e ver so littley and they would remember when they 63 grew up that that church they assisted to build. The work had been one of almost insuperable difficulty, but bv nerseverance m well as faith, their pastor had with the help of friends done well. He told him he wanted £700 more, and* he hoped a large proportion of the amount would be realised. T h ® Vî^1 amount Placed on the stone was £5119s 3d. The proceedings closed by the singing of the Hundredth Psalm, and the Benediction pronounced by the Rev D Galer. THE LUNCHEON. A well laid out dejeuner was provided at the Temperance Hall, everything having been contributed by ladies of Perth, so as not to be a charge on the funds. The Viands included poultiy, hams, joints, >astiy, custards, ginger beer, tea, &c.;, jut there were no alcoholic drinks. The Rev. D. Giler presided. After the good things had been done ample justice to, a number of sentiments, or as the chairman facetiously designated them," diy toasts " were given and responded to, although, by no means in an uproarious way. The list comprised :—(l) The Queen, (2) The Prince of Wales and Royal Family, (3) His Excellency the Governor, (4) Mrs Weld and the Ladies, (6) Tha Bishop and Clergy of the Diocese, acknowledged by the Rev. Canon Irwin, Rev. D. Galer, Rev. A N. Mason, (6) Mr Ferguson and the Choir of Longford, acknowledged by Rev. A Wayn, (7) The Architect and Contractors, acknowledged by Mr Conway and Mr M'Ewan, (8) Miss Youl. acknowledged by that lady. It was announced by the chairman that a tea meeting, at a charge of 6d per head, would take place in the evening. There was a special train to Launceston at 4 o'clock, of which several of the visitors availed themselves. 