" HOW TO PROLONG LIFE." Dr. Joyce delivered] a^cture-on " How1 to Prolong Life" td.a^rowd^araudience in the City Mission Haih op^Yhhrsday even ing, July 4. We pubHsn j^a^lecture in extenso;— (•. ^*" Your Worship, Ladie's^anJgJ&entleman; | —The subject of my lecture "How to Prolong Life " is one that interests every ( member of the human family. There is nothing weyalue so much, and it is to that | weeing withjia tenacity characterised by , noligng else.!; :We can jform;jsome idea ofc its value, for* at those times when death seems inevitable we would give worlds did we possess them to live. I believe many per- I sons die before their time, and, therefore, cannot agree with those who believe that all the deaths that take place are decreed by the Almighty, as many things occur in this world with which the Divine Being. Jiasjipthing whatever, to do. The Supreme ! "Ruler of tne universe governs the world by | break] these i law?, they suffer, .as^a natural consequence, intf & inteV cases'-;bnh^ theinshlves 'to a premature grave. I believe the infant is created to become the child, the child to beeeme ^he-adult^he -adul1rto~ii ve~ to old' age, and then, after having had>;aif oppSr? tunity of fulfilling the desqgns^fcrr which he was crekted/ to;1 he" gqtheted to;' his fathers. yhei#-- but it is the rulefhf which'T spekk! . Ydu some times hear persoris i say 'thWy^, wish they were deadV^Tlfej^ tell you' they fire tired, of this world, and don't' Care 1 liow 'kobn1 death relieves them from its troubles. They' remind one very forcibly of the pious negro whose feelings were so hurt because^his. master reproved him before a number- of jgehtlemehi when lxwaiting a at table, that ywdien he iretiredito.' rest,1-in this usual devd-' tions, he prayed somethhig [like; the follow ing :—"O, Lord!;^amb&\^pt;tpjdjeifMassat very angry with Samho to-night,-and-Samho nomore;jyant to lives. ^Samho want de Lord to sehd de Angel Gabriel to fake poor Sambo right away to Abraham's bosom. Do, Lord, jdiscveryinight; -dis very! ffioment. 0, let in an adjoining room overheard Sambo, wrappejl .himself :in- a. sl^eef,; and, when Sambo's wrestlings were at a climax, gave three tremendous knocks at the door— " Whose dar," cried Sambo. t. "The Angel Gabriel has come-to take'Sambo right away to Abraham's bosom." (Laughter.) Sambo's reply;was-i—'' Op-massaj- that one nigger no s(iLku£kter.'); 'And 'so' these ^er-' sons when really brought face to face with Death will say or do any thing! to keep Out of his clutches. It is, as Shakespeare says—' V ^The jundifleovgred country; from yrhosebeurn ifo'ttkvelfer'returns/puzzles the will;: . . And makes us rather bear those ills we'have Than fly to others that we know not of." If lifer..-then-.,'be.tof i.such-great l value, and many persons die before -their; time;,-it is certainly of) vital importance to.iis to study how we may prolong it. A great deal has been said to you of late by previous lecturers about the babies; and good advice.has been giveny if you 'will only act upbhi itV'Tdo not intend to. say much about them this even ing, but cannot: avoid 'mentioning one or two evils that exist among mothers in reference ..to their fbabies, and . which, I believe, do great 'deal towards-increasirig infantile mortality. The poor little things are frequently sent out in a perambulator, w,ith a little pprsegirl,': on days when there is "a col jl. bleak wjnd/ blowing, and some times' rain, and sit shivering in the cold for soigeihqurs; while' the-thoughtless nursfe is either: -gossipingJjahout- 'ori 'gaping in at shop windows jj and^iwhen7 taken into the house the mother rushes with it to the fire, orders more wood to be put on, for, as she says, " the poor little creature is perishing with the cold.", They are,also allowed to crawl about the damp floors of the houses, with their clothes wet, all the doors open, and. subject'(ball; the,draughts; in the coldest' weathkr; find' when the: plaintive cries of the infant at last' .brings the mother to its help she ' again rushes with it to the fire. It is also a .common, practice with many mothefk to . take their infants out of an evening,1 arid "expose them to the evil influences of the night air. Returning home some time after, the fire Is again eagerly sought. She: warms her child and puts it to bed, as .she imagines, an safety. It is here we haveithe origin of many infantile diseases. The . mother re tires to rest some two or three hours.after,' but the, flashed cheeks,ithe laborious breath i„ " -L j xi_''a ^-ii i . . i __ i •! * ing, an^ the jbqt .skin tell: her .that her child is ill, and the Destroyer has already com menced his work. The cold or the night air; alone was sufficient to create disease, hut the violentjeactibii Jcaiised < by -• the ^sudden in crease of temperature has facilitated mat ters and3pade:.them woike. !0n the same principle that frost-bitten parts of the body would sqcm mortify lif 'brought to the fire, so when the; temperaturs - of -1 the lungs 'is reduced by exposure to severe cold and the child is then brought.before a-large fire, the reaction is so great and sudden that it creates.4is.ealeyjjarid tfrequehtly- inflamma tion of .the ..lupga/ia .the results -My advice : to you is to keep your children warmly j clad ;..-donjtallow itheir' littre bodies to be • exposed to the cold and bleak winds, rain, or night; air, and .extremes of temperature. Feed them on Nature's food and. follow Nature's laws,^and.F youl.will. find-that their little lives will be prolonged. Do the re verse, and you have one great reason1 why J babieg c(ie. -j;i.- J - The constant and habitual use of alco- | holic liquors act injuriously upon the system, and in many cases shorten life; tnerefore, to abandon such practice must prolong life. I am not altogether a total Abstainer, neither am I going to deliver a lecture on total abstinence, nor do I intend to try to rouse your feelings of horror by j describing. the; misery,icrimey-and thousands of deaths caused by intoxication. ' Io Shall znake no comment on the £117,000,000 of invested capital, or the 60,000 deaths I causecLcannually by- drunkenness" alone ..in j Great Britain. My object is to shbw -yo.u ] bow'alcohol acts upon "ttid human1-system', And that .taken in certain quantities it does shorten lifer Alcohol when taken into thq stomach becomes absorbed/ enters -the- cir culation, and finds its wayfto;all parts cif the body. Between the two "sets of large blood vessels there is a set of very small ones termed capillaries, and from the blood in these minute vessels the structures of organs derive their, constituent parts, every organ and tissue of the body being built up bv a process of selection. .Man possesses also the highest developed bsrvous system! Gnp set of nerves' govern;'those motionji that are involuntary, another set are directly under the . influence ...of .the will". : The minuteJblood vessels of -which Ksboke have 7the poWer; of contraction and dilatation, Winch/power is governed bv-nervous action,;'as ? nerves accompany them throughout the -body.. Xet us now for a minute or two follow- the-process _ot intoxication. If you watch persons who are drinking, you will, find that when the alcohol is beginning to circulate the lace is flushed, the, eyes brighten, conversation be comes mbre excitinsr, ideas flow mqre treely, ahdwdu can easily see that a change has taken place. The cause of the flushing or redness of the face is the dilatation of these minute blood vessels in consequence ot a reduction of nervous control. _ If, yon_.now, examine the;heart and pulse you will pnd; they i beat rmhch- quicker, the blood vessels not: offering so much resistance through being paralyzed ; the hearty is excited to greater action-; it is working; beyond its naturahstrength, hut r at ,Jast flags jand' r,er: quires more alcohol'to keep it gOing. J-hen ,we find there is a-want of co-oidinatiom The muscles especially those of..the Jegs, lose their power, there is partial paralysis, and often do we see persons .trying .to .walk *straight7and imagine they are doing so, to amusement of the children and by standers.in the streets. The .brain-, centres at last become overpowered, the. hotly no lono-er obeys the1 dictated of _ the; will, the° senses • are gone, (and: the > intoxicated. I on tlie;hervousrSystfem,jand -its?victim;.has J 'befebme completely prostrated. ' i '' Ftdih this state the individual may soon I-recover; but let him at once repeat it [again and again, which is frequently done, I and you .find he. trembles from. head to fopt; I big eves have a wild and ghastly stare;.:tbe least' thing startles. >him; he .knows . not 'where' lie is;; he imaigiiies that all kinds .or beings,' reptiles, hobgoblins,- and devils sur round him and- are clamoring for his life; I he tries to escape, hut they follow him m -increased numbers; his [ reason is over balanced; ,he is a wild and furious maniac; and at, last, in many cases if not prevented, ['"terminates his existence by committing | suicide. , .-.'.l , . . ;. : But I wish to speak more particularly a bout the effects produced by the prolonged use i of alcohol taken in (so termed}moderation. But :what is moderation?' Some people tell you that if you are "not intoxicated, drink as much; as you like, it is moderate drinking. In many cases-1 should call this . immoderate drinking; -What I call mode rate .drinking is the cust'oto followed by many'persons of taking a'few- glasses of I alcoholic! liquors daily. Eor example, a I glass or^ two of-wine or beer at luncheon, t three or", four' glasses of, wine for dinner, 'two ..for dessert, apd then a, I o-Iass of toddy before . gomg to beff ■ A much less quantity of alcbhol than that I have mentioned, taken daily and regularly, , will produce^ the effects which I am about ±o describe. Ihave already told vou [thpt alcoluff paralyses -the; bloodvessels;by j "reducing their nervous power; hence there lis, constant relaxatiqn,t and(,they become 1 changed in their, diameter., The heart, to an extent, - is set free, and, consequently it does a large amount of extra work; and if I to-day, under the influence of this stimulus, it, makes, 20,000 or 30,000 heats more than is-natural, it'caniiot'sink hack to its nor mal state without feeling some disturbance; it is-an organ that feeds its own structure with blood, atid is the - first - to suffer from an irregular' supply." The. consequence of I!this constant dilatation of' th.e blood vessels \- is: that- the heart - becomes . enlarged,' the I openings through which the currents of 1 blood flow are dilated; its valves'are li stretched "anil cannot adapt themselves; the fine cords . which hold, the ..valves in position . are strained ; its,.:walls are 1 thickened, and the whole organ becomes [modified,- both'in it? mechanism and in ,its I .action. 7 This, state of things cannot con-; tiiiiie, long without some other •. de generative changes taking place- in; /the -structure of the- other tissues. .Alcohol' : has a great affinity .for; 'water, and when, taken continuously, into I the system draws .the water from, certain : [ structures, ' which :abs9l.utely- geqniyp .ft,; rendering thelu niore'(Qr lpsS'solid, thus; causing deterioration - in all (be -structures ; of the: h°dy.' - There- isj $ process bf dialysps j I continually going on" in the- hpdy, gnd in , I: which the various uiOmbyanes of the body j ..'liquid „ substances; in which there is one I wish to separate from-the -others, X take a piece j of parchment,.stretch it over a small hoop, pour the liquid into it,. and, float on dis tilled water, and ,'the -suhBtaiice' I want becomes diffused through 'the parchment iiito the Water, This parchment is called 1 the'dialysei".f The membratpes;to' which I just how referred are very fine structures. They surrbund the various tissues and j organs of the body; . and. act as' dialysers. | They require'to retain 'a1" large .quantity of wftterr to 'enable 'them tq perform their functions. . . ' . : • -1 have ibid" you' that" alcohol' .possesses a great, affinity or liking fin; water, ah;d -it^ acts upon these" njembfanes as tb "deprive them of the water they ..contain, producing a - shrinking and thickening, reducing their functional' power, and;. causing themj to " contract. ; ,Up'6h ; tlie , matter they contain,' and} condensing it wlieiv ever' it may , h© ^safub'tbdv; v,®1'6!. "jrtfcip. of-this continued perverted action is" dis ease. We find it giving rise" to Indigestion. | in one of itSL worst f forms,- nefyousness, sleeplessness, and! loss j dfx: memory; go a little further, and in many. CMes vou dipsomania and-mtermittent indulgenbe to dangerous excess. • 'The -young may appear to escape its-.modifying"effects .fpr--tome.! vears while theJ' process, of assimilation, secretion, and excretion are in'their full activity,; and -the poisonous agents with which.the^hlood and,tissues'fire -saturated are disposed of "readily and promptly; hut the'time'Will comewhen its. effects will be realised, ''maybe when' it iq,! too..late -to remedy the'evil: I doJnot mean to say that taking a. glass of liquor:, occasionally con taining .common or ethylic alcohol willr produce this' condition, hut-"I-do say that taken (daily and regularly, ..'in,-su termeid moderation,! it will sooner or later show, itself, and- is - frequently1 seen in the^ face by that dull leaden hue of the skin so characteristically significant of prolonged indulgence. " Habits of cleanliness are means by which life may he- prolonged. The human skim is a complex piece of machinery; and plays an important part in the preservation \of health. It is an excretory organ, and ex halation -by-it is greater than.-- that,^by; th^Iungs^andVhich is due princTpally"to| ;:two;set§ of glands called sebacCoiiaorgrease ' glaqas/'-an^ sudoriporous, or sweat glands. T^re are millions of sweat-glands iMtbe .sMn^and :which may he compared'^to jaj| number of~little boilers continually throw ing off steam, and surrounding the body in an atmosphere of vapor. The quantity of matter thrown off by the slcin of a healthy person during twenty-four hours amounts to about two pounds, and were you' to varnish a "person all over, you "could not use a much more successful means of putting him to death. It is very necessary that the shin should be hept per fectly clean, -for .when it is covered" with dirt, and cast-off matter allowed fp accumu late upon its surface) it cannot do its work I properly—hence poisonous material is re- f tained in the system, giving rise to all hinds of of disease. I believe there are numbers .amongcivilizedpeople who have never had a good washin their lives. Their ideas of clean liness 'are; very peculiar, and they imagine that.if the thickest of the :dirt be removed from the face and hands, they are clean. All persons have not the means for tahing a daily bath, but there are few but, what, could manage to wash the whole of their body once a week. External appearances are no index .to the "cleanliness of a. person's body. There'is a teiy amusing' story told by the late Professor Simpson, j of Edinbui'gh, illustrating this fact. At' the time he introduced chloroform it was a common occurrence at evening: parties at his house for some of the party to" become narcotised. A well-known dandy stoutly and indignantly denied that all sensation was lost during the time the drug exerted its influence. "Again he was put under its: influence, and Professor Simpson resolved to give him ocular proof of his unconscious ness bv removing his boots and stockings. He did so, and the astonished youth on awakening found that the party were staring with mingled.laughter and disgust at his feet, which'were as black as a coster monger's. I need not tell you that the voung man soon disappeared, and was not seen again in. society for.some time. In cases of sickness .to: strictly carry out: the doctor's.instructions is another means of pro-; longing life. Some people blame;the> doctors for killing; their patients,; but I believe .that more persons die for, want of .good nursing than from bad, ipedical treatment. There is a story told-of a.countryman in England, who had heard that if he went to London for medical advice, he would see outside all the doctors' doors the ghosts of all the patients they had killed. He passed a number of doctors' houses, outside' of which '- he saw " a " great number' 'of ghosts, but after travelling for some distance, came to , a doctor's residence were there was only one-ghost. Delighted with this discovery he now thought he could consult the" cleverest physician ;in England, but- on making enquiries founcl that that doctor- had only had one patient. He returned to his home, repeating to him self—'' I. may as well be killed in the country as in London." Many persons attach too much importance to medicine and too little to their medical adviser's in-; structions. I believe- certain' medicines are • invaluable when properly prescribed, but can assure you that a medical man's skill con'sistsas much in knowing what to tell people, to do and what not to do. But there is a class of people who expect you to work miracles by means of medicine alone, irre spective of what: they may do to counteract its influence and aggravate the disease. A short time ago one of my patients suffering from typhoid fever fancied a raw apple :anda glass half full of- colonial beer, which, he took, although I had repeatedly, given him strict instructions as • regards his diet; The consequence was he nearly killed him self, and the only excuse he could give was he thought there was no harm in it. A great want in this colony, is trained" nurses, and I am pleased to find that one object connected with the- Children's Hospital is for that purpose. " Almost every woman imagines she is capable of nursing and caring for the sick, although entirely desti tute of any previous experience whatever. It is a thing which, wemen'require,to learn, and which they' sliqmld he taught, and even. with'" that' 'there are many who are in no I way adapted for it. I will just mention , two out of the very many things that con stitute a .good" nurse.-These are to do as she is told, and keep her brains clear byhiot ( muddling fheqi vyith alcoholic liquors. I do not like to say • anything against-the females, for I do not know whpt I should do without them; but I know they will] agree with;me in saying that there -is a class of meddling women who by their {' wis dom" do a great deal of harm. I will give you one illustration. A person suffering"! from a disease of the eye, after < trying various, remedies himself was advised by certain females to try the following:—One said, apply hot linseed meal poultices; No. 2 recommended cold bread and water poul tices ; No. 3, tea leaves; No. 4, bluestone; No. 5, sugar of lead; No. 6, tobacco smoke; for, as; she said, it would make the water run and bring away the matter;.and the last:was the infallible remedy of a slice of fat pork placed , over .the eye at bed-time! And so be went on until bis , sight was nearlv lost, and was compelled to consult! a doctor, which cost liim several pounds;' but' in $ije first instance miglit'-'-hitve- been cured for a few shillings. This is ' not the only evil caused by this class! of females, for they often interfere where medical men are in attendance, and in some instances! prevent their remedies being applied. I do not wish to convey the impression, that people should he continually running to a doctor with every little ailment, as there are manysimple things to which' persons can attend themselves ; hut' there are in stances in which it is advisable' to obtain medical advice as quickly as possible. For example; if diphtheria he raging in: your neighborhood and you have the slightest: symptoms of sore throat, I certainly think It would be a saving in a pecuniary point to hav.e it njedically attended,to at, ,once, and in some pases wquldj no doubt be' the means of. prolonging life. I haye said one or two things against a certain class of. fCmalesphut don't run' away with the1 idea that I -dislike' the sex, for<J;think-yyomaniu' her proper .place is invaluable-^e.ver ready: to do an actr of kihdhess .to relieve the sufferings and soothe the sorrow of others, even at the sacrifice of herself. This fact is beautifully illustrated, .by Sir Walter Scott, when he says— Oh, woman! -in our hours of ease; / /Uncertain, coy,"and hard to please, And' variable/ak the shade By the light quivering aspen made; J J 'V ■' 1 ■-' "When pain and anguish wring the brow, A ministering angel thoii! : 7 To improve tlie sanitary condition of our homes and the city is another means", of prolonging life: 'Nearly all the cottages in Adelaide have the! foundations on a level with the -surface of the ground oh which the walls are commenced, and which in some instances are really below the surface ; the, consequence is damp walls; this means damp houses, and where.you have damp houses you are sure to have sickness more or less. The foundations of every house should he raised fully eigh teen inches or two feet above the surface; they should contain air . bricks, so_ that a free current of air can pass below; the floors, helping' to keep .them dry and sweet. Then, again, the ven tilation in many houses is defective, many rooms not having the slightest ventilation, not even a fireplace, and persons sleep in them with the doors closed. This is often the reason why you awake in the morning with a headache, why you have an unplea sant taste in your mouth, and why.youfeel languid—in fact more tired than when you went, to bed. The fact is, you have been undergoing a slow process of poisoning. Many of- you know that it is ■upon; the oxygen- in the air. that we depend for life, and -'if placed in an air-tight room would soon die, because we should: consume all'the oxygen the . room contained,: so that you see houses to be healthy require to be freely ventilated. The yards connected with' many of the houses are far top small, 'and under existing cir cumstahces: are ,the';means. of creating disease. J I'have seen'them about five yards wide and eight or 'ten-yards long, and within this small space you have, a closet,. in some", cases within from three to six yards of the back door, the surface drain frequently contaiiiing stagnant water ; ducks and fowls are kept, and some times a goat, also a box containing decomposing vegetable and animal matter, -and yet people wonder why they are ill. Narrow recesses, called places, are also ob jectionable, as a free current of air never passes through them-to. sweep away the germs of disease that are lingering about. To preserve the health of a city the streets should be wide, and every facility rendered to: the air to sweep away the agents of disease. Again,, there is our present sys tem of drainage, which is certainly abom inable. You, cannot walk our streets with out being disgusted with noxious smells arising from accummulated filth. One would think that after all that has been said on the question of drainage that •something would be doiie. But no ; like the Central Road -Board and District Councils, who seldom think of protecting dangerous places on the roads until some poor fellow , gets killed, so our legislators will wait until an epidemic breaks out, and ■ carries"off half the population before they awake to the.fact that our system of drain age is defective.and try to remedy the evil; in other., words they will shut the stable door when the horse is gone. To pro long life you J require a pure atmos phere, which you cannot have while the products of decomposition-are impregnating it. All .matter is indestructible you may evaporate, it,-burn, it, doi what you like with,.:but .-it; still exists though in another form;. A candle.'.decomposes when it is burned, but;all its par tides can be collected, producing the same weight as the candle was before it was burned.' _ A dead animal soon disappears, or at least the soft parts do, but ev6ry atom of it still exists its com pounds have merely separated into'" their simple elements. : Were you to stand near an animal that has been' "dead for a few days' and inhale the ! poisonous gases, you would soon feel sick and ill, probably for the remainder of the day; and were you to stand there for a few hours, the chances are you would not recover for weeks. The reason is, you liuve inhaled the germs of disease that poison your system. These germs are floating about our city more or less in all directions ; some persons escape them more than others, but in many cases they gradually accumulate in the system until'nature is' unable to, throw them off; the result is physical bankruptcy,, and no wonder it sometimes goes hard: with the defaulter. To see'' many of", these germs you need only, make a small aperture in a dark room through which' a sunbeam may pass; millions'of- particles1 of dust become visible, which disappear as soon as the room is exposed to the full light'of the sun. These, germs, in proper soil, grow and multiply. You have -a simple but most beaufiful illustration., of ; 'cell' „gtowth in common, yeast ; of ; which place a small quantity under a microscope, and you will "see the cells sprouting and bud before your eyes. Some of you who are accustomed, to make' iam often: find, to your annoyance,' that when you open a pot it is covered with a blue-green mould, which, as you know, is very rapid in its growth; " It is'the''.same thing that you often see on'' bread,damp'.boots, damp walls,: &c.;"'» How -is1 it that your meat, milk: and other substances putrefy P You say because they are exposed to the air. It is hot merely, because they are exposed to.the air, but the air containing the agent of putrefaction is deposited in your meat. Pure air freh^from these germs will never cause putrefaction, and the'reason why these substances beep sweeti longer in cold than hot;weather is because these germs dreihiimbed and for a time rendered in active,. like some; of the reptiles of our colonies, . hut whpn>'.fought- into a warmer atmosphere become: active .to a dangerous extent. Ifjrou take, a drop:of: juice from putrid, meatr and place ..it, amler a micro scope, you will find it' jiwarming with living organisms. " Is' it" then unreasonable to suppose that disease germs'fmd a produc tive -soil in ^he human body?—that they increase ' and, multiply,; mjuring the j tissues with,-which they , come in contact, destroying" \ life . hy... [the : r generation of poisonous compounds within the system; Deep drainage is the only.thing that will'do away with this state .Of things. Some of you oppose it on account of the • expense, and the probability of having to pay an extra rate, but I can assure you. that while yOu: jingje the ifew paltry coppers- in your pockets ypu'arerdpiying nails;into your .own coffin, may be that of .your wife, children, or dearest friend. •' If you value filthy lupre more , than your own life,, -orshe. who is your 'partner -and 'helpmate^' or. those darling little ones whom God has given you to be the joy of your heart, the pride of your life and support in old age, then I say oppose deep drainage; but) If you prize them . above. earthly riches," .which I know you do, then rest not satisfied .until the-system: ofdeepij drainage is carried out, and the filtt ,wliichl now infects our city be continually carried away from it. I hesitate not to" say "that were our city- -as thickly populated las London, Glasgow, and; many other larger cities and towns, with our "present system" of drainage, the death-rate would be fifty per cent. Marriage if not premature is another means of prolonging life. Pre mature marriages are injurious and calcu lated to shorten life; the organization of the system is interfered with before its completion, the woman frequently remain ing of small stature, weak, and sickly; if she become a mother she is unable to supply.her child.with a sufficient quantity of milk, and it also become ^sickly. The mother has tod great a strain upon herweak and nervous system, her youth is passed away in sorrow, and premature old age soon shows itself; but there are certain years of manhood and womanhood when marriage becomes beneficial, and is a means of prolonging life, for it. is admitted by professional men that it removes a number of diseases incidental to both sexes. Con trast the happy home of the family, the ] sweat smiling busy little wife, with her fresh and cheerful little ones anxiously looking for the return of her husband sfrom his daily labors—the kind father and loving husband, whose affections are centred in his wife andchildren, m'akingmarried lifeabliss indeed. I say contrast this with the poor old bachelor—cold, selfish, irritable, inte rested in nothing but himself,- carrying about with him a look of disappointment and an appearance of having frustrated the design of nature. I think it is ■ Cbwper who says:— Domestic life, Is friendly to the best pursuits of man ; Friendly to thought, to virtue, and to peace. Few know, thy value, and few taste thy'sweets Though many boast thy favor, and affect To understand and choose thee,for their own." Persons with large families: thrive well, and persons who have lived to. a great age have been married. Thomas Parr, of Eng land, lived to the age of, 152 years, and was married several times." Le Longueville, a Frenchman, lived to the age of 110 years, and, it is said, married ten wives, bis last wife bearing him a son in his 101st yeaiv Persons who think-of marrying—and there are few who do not—should study to make a wise selection. ! With- human- beings this, in a great number of cases, is little, thought of; the parties are' too deeply in love to notice any defects; they get married, sometimes in baste and repent at leisure. The principle of im proving the breed of animals by crossing is fully established, and applies to man aa well as the inferior animals. Mixed, marriages are the best and most, favorable to tba soundness of the offspring. The Americans are an active and enterprising people; they have attracted the admiration of Europe by the great advancements they have made in science, art, and- commerce; and they are a mixture, principally.. of English, Irish, Scotch, and German. It is a mistake for persons to marry too nearly allied in blood. That disease can be, and is transmitted' from parent to ' child, is well known, and as a proof of which I need only mention that one most'fatal disease, consumption. This leads" me to' speak on a very delicate question; but one that re-I quires the: calm..and serious consideration of the community and of the State. I know that many will differ with me' in my opinions on: this subject—a right tbev may justly claim—but I bring it before the public from a sense of /duty and leave the result. You must infer from mv remarks what the disease is, and I shall briefly show you som8 of its characteristics. It has been justly said to be one'of the most malig nant, most lasting, and most destructive diseases that affects the human frame. It has been known to skip one generation and appear in the next. „A woman may have a child born unto her suffering from a loathsome disease, of which neitber she nor her husband is the direct cause. Many diseases from which people suffer, called, by other names, can be traced back to and have their origin in this disease. . It is a powerful poison, insidious in its : action, deteriorating every structure of the body, even the very marrow In your bones. In a certain stageits victimisnotonlyaconfirmed. invalid for a long time, but it slowly and surely carries on its work of destruction until he becomes disgusting to society, a burden to himself, and longs for death. And here I wish to point out to you that thousands of innocent persons suffer for the sins of the guilty. Truly may it be said the sins: of - the father are visited upon the children. • What then are we to do to stay the progress of such a frightful'| disease as this?- Some- say|legislate, others argue that by such ah act a sin would be legalised which is condemned by that Book to which England attributes the' secret, of her glory. There is one fact which I think no one will deny, that legislate as you like you will never by it prevent the sin ; that I am afraid will exist while the. world lasts. Are we , then to allow: this frightful malady to rush on unchecked till every member of society, becomes tainted •with it, and it becomes characteristically. significant: in- every countenance'.l. For "the. sake of my children and others, I say no. I should be very sorry to say one. word in favor of prostitution, and I regret to find it on the increase, but if our legislators try by all legitimate'means to'ptevent the sin, but fail, it then becomes their' duty, to try and prevent its. evil effects,. -which is fast degenerating the Anglo-Saxon race. J ipaintain that trying to remedy " the evil does not in the least degree legalise the sin, -when it is amoral impossibility to pre vent it. I believe that laws can be made that will not only prevent the spread of this most destructive disease, but lessen prostitution. I have endeavored to bring before you as clearly as possible some ofthe means by which you may prolong life; there are many others which I have of necessity omitted, as the time in delivering a lecture of this kind will not; allow me even to refer to them. I trust, however, that you will act upon at least some of the advice I have given you, and that our feeble efforts here to-night may he' as . bread casfr upon the waters, to be found after.-many days, r 