ODDS AND ENDS FROM THE OLD COUNTRY. , I BIT down to write with but little hope that I shall convey a fair notion of Avhat is going on around me. All the old landmarks of policy abroad and of party at home seem to havebeen rudely removed, and we are gioping our way towards a neAV order of things Avith no distinct clue to guide us. Every day discloses startling facts, and suggests yet more start- ling possibilities. The feara which I ex- pressed in ray last that Russia Avas deliberately protracting the armistice negotiations in order to employ the delay in strengthening her position-not merely against Turkey, but against all European interests Avhich conflict with her own ambitious views -have been fully verified. At this date (February 12th) tho Russian troops are vir- tually masters of the lines of Tcheckmadge. I Avili not answer for my orthography ; it is "A name which wo all must know very well; Nobody can speak and nobody can spell." But the fact is clear that the last strong position which Turkey could ha\ e maintained eren against tremendous odds for the defence oC her capital has been turned and penetrated without a blow struck, and while the stipulations under which the Czar's forces entered were actually unknown at the Porte. «Still more alarming is the fact that the Sultan has not yet renewed the firman which sanctioned the entry of the British fleet into tho Dardanelles a fortnight ago ; and Admiral Hornby, though imder orders to forward a detachment to Constantinople for the pro- tection of the Christian population, is still at Besika Bay, awaiting the permission Avhich may never bo granted him. That the difficulty thus thrown in the way of a perfectly legitimate measure of precaution on the part of Great Britain is due to Russian influence there can be little doubt. My own impression is that the firman for which Ave are. waiting will ultimately be granted ; the moro because other Powers- notably, Austria and Italy-are understood to have made similar applications for leave to pass the Dardanelles. But I cannot see that this will really improve the situation. On the contrary, it seems highly probable that Russia, when she grants the Sultan leave to admit the fleets of other nations, will allege that her own land forces ought >at the same time to be permitted to enter tho capital " for tho protection of the Christian inhabitants." Such a claim has been already put forward by the Russian Press in the name-of Prince Gorts chakofi:, and though, of! course, it is opposed to the wbolo tenour of Russian professions from the beginning of the Avar till now, and is inconsistent with the published terms of the armistice, it is not the less likely to be put forward and insisted on if the war party continue in the ascendant at St. Petersburgh. Diplomacy, in the sense of plausible and sys- tematic duplicity, does not thrive in free and civilized countries ; it attains its highest per- fection in courts essentially barbarous, though veneered with some outward polish of manners and ceremonial. Russia has even over-reached Turkey ; no wonder her diplo- matists have been too many for Englishmen, who mean what they say and say what they mean. But reserving the question, how far we ought to-bo ashamed of our inferiority in evasion, simulation and dissimulation, it is time for our public men of all parties to con- fess that wo have been completely outwitted. Our position is the unenviable one of Mr. Simpkinson at Margate. Russia has " done us very brown1' and "nicely stow'd the swag." Even Mr. Gladstone, who a year ago was for marching arm-in-arm with her in her civilis- ing and Chiistianising mission, now inculcates vigilance and even a little wholesome jealousy. A. conference of some sort is inevitable, but Russia has been labouring per fas et nefas to forestall its duties, and present it with fore- gone conclusions to bo ratified, instead of open questions to Europe. Yet this conference, hampered as it may be by an alliance, secret or avowed, between the Porte and Russia, is the last hope of European peace and progress. The danger to civilization from a deluge of Cossacks-a danger which the First Napoleon recognised nearly se\Tenty years ago-has become urgent and formidable. We are about, if not utterly, to abolish European Turkey, BO long the barrier against Muscovite aggression, yet to reduce her area, and clog her with " autonomous " dependencies ; and the only one of the Powers concerned which has a distinct and definite plan of operations is Russia, Her influence is to bo mado paramount in " autonomous " Bul- garia, Avhose inhabitants are of course to conform universally to the orthodox Greek Church. Roumania is to be rewarded for services -which saved the campaign by the doubtful boon of a nominal independence ; but she is to be mulcted of Bessarabia, that the Czar may again become the " protector " of the Danube. Servia is to be rewarded for her compound treachery by a " rectification of frontier," or, in plain language, by a grant of stolen territory, and the doubtful exchange of a nominal vassalage to Turkey for a real subjection to Russia. Montenegro is to be liberally enlarged, that all the world may see how blessed a thing it is to practise murder and mutilation in the interests of "Holy Russia." The eame beneficent Power is to have the pick of the Armenian potts and fortresses for "her own to keep,'' as children phrase it. She is also to have possession of tho principal Danubian strongholds, to say nothing of a great part of the Turkish fleet-not permanently, oh, dear no ! but just as a security for tho impossible payment of a heavy sum by way of " indem- nity" for Russian sacrifices in a war of wanton aggression. Such is the Russian programme, which probably also includes (in spite of Prince Gortsehakoff's equivocal disclaimer) a private stipulation as to the Dardanelles which will 'moko the Black Sea as completely a Russian lake as it Avould have been after Sinope had there been no British fleet. It is yet to be seen how far the other great PoAvers are pre- pared to combine in resistance to this whole- sale disturbance of the balance of power. The best, perhaps tho sole, hope of an effectual opposition lies in a thorough understanding between England and Austria, whose interests are more directly and vitally imperilled even than our own. It would greatly raise Lord Derby in public estimation were it certainly known that such an understanding has been secured ; but allthatcan be said with confidence is that Austria is, like ourselves, thoroughly alarmed and inclined to look to England as her natural ally. Too much, I think, has been said of the entente cordiale between Rus- sia and Germany. Germans in general, and German liberals without exception, hate Russia, and J .believe it would be ¿mj?ossib_q i oven for the iron will of Bismarck to force the various nationalities combined in the Empire into united action in support of Russian in- terests. Indeed, he is little likely to attempt anything so Quixotic. It ia much more in his line to let his deorly beloved ally, the Czar, exhaust himself in fresh military enterprises. Moreover, he is in weale health, and has his hands full at home with the double task of keeping the Liberals in good humour by a minimum of concession aud harmonising his double duties as Prussian Minister and Imperial'Chancellor. It should bo remembered, too, that tho Emperor is aged, and that his successor is not likely to inherit his strong personal regard for the Czar. Let mo interpolate here a short anecdote respecting the Crown Prince. "When he visited Hatfield, some timo ago, the Marquis of Salisbury showed him the stables. Over one of the "loose boxes" ap- peared the word " Bismarck,"' and the visitor naturally inquued why the hunter bore that redoubtable name. The Marquis hesitated long over the difficulty, but at labt stammered out four words, "Your Highness, he kicks." The explanation was greeted with a hearty guftaw, which showed that no otlenee would have been given had the whole truth been | stated-" He is the most vicious brute in the stable." A new factor has just been introduced into the Continental difficulty by the death of the kind-hearted old Pope. No one knows any- thing about his probable successor, except that it will not bo Cardinal Manning, who, even if ho had had the ghost of a chance, would have thrown it away by his proposal that the Conclave should be held at Malta. It is very provoking, by-the-bye, that its sit- ting at the Vatican should be flxed two days after the closing of this mail. Much will depend on the character of the new Pope. Should he bo a clear- sighted, moderate man, prepared to accept accomplished facts and íesign the idle dream of restoring the temporal power, we may see a really united Italy, which in that case will lean towards Austria rather than Germany, and will assuredly be anti-Russian in feeling. The Czar has yet to face the Nemesis of religious persecution. "With these great questions pending abroad, how stand matters at home ? I can only say that our position in the eye3 of Europe has been somewhat improved by the events of the past fortnight. The determination of the coun- try that Russia, if she has out-witted, shall at least not bully us, has been clearly shown, and if it fails to secure a reasonable peace, will strengthen us tor war. As to party politics, neither side is much to be congratulated. The Ministry have lost Carnarvon, and, though his vacillating and somewhat timid disposition was but ill-suited to encounter troublous times, I cannot but regret the loss of a Colonial Minister who fully recognised the importance of our Colonial Empire, and did his best to strengthen the ties that bind the vast fabric 'together. It is certain, how- ever, that the Government would better satisfy the present demands of public feeling if they allowed themselves a little more plainness of speech even at the risk of wounding Russian susceptibilities. Still, they will have the nation with them if they will but make it felt abroad that Eng- land will be no further trifled with- will not have the crusade on behalf of Bulgarian Christians turned into a revanche for the Crimean war. But the "Liberal" party have manoeuvred themselves into utter impotence. Their opposition to the vote of credit was suicidal as well as factious. They were not united enough to give a vigorous support to Mr. Forster's amendment-not discreet enough to support the vote frankly when the public alarm gave them a fair pretext for admit- ting its possible necessity. Thus they found themselves twice beaten by two hundred in not very full houses ; even the leaders of the party acting at cross-purposes. "Worse than all, they found themselves utterly discredited out of doors. Even the moneyed men had taken fright, and, though essentially unwar like, had come to the conclusion that England's best course in the interests of peace was to adopt, however late, a bold and decisive tone in dealing with Russia. The excitement in the city on the 7th, when Mr. Layard's despatch as to the continued advance of the Russian troops on Stamboul (denied, by the Russian authorities and cavilled at by Russo philist "patriots" in the House, but since more than justified by the course of events) had gotten wind, was beyond anything wit- nessed within my memory in that cautious and decorous region. The Opposition found themselves at a heavy discount on 'Chance, and the underwriters at Lloyd's astonished the echoes by a grand chorus of " Rule Bri- tannia." Independent Liberals shook them- selves free of party trammels, and Mr. Cowen -following the example set by Lord Fortescue in the Upper House-sounded a note, of genuino patriotism which is still ringing through England. But the leaders of the party faltered and paltered when they might have set themselves right with the country, and could a dissolution at that moment have taken placo, the Liberals, lately so stiong in tho large towns, would in spite of their superior organization have been ignominiously defeated in all our large centres of population. Even the members for radical Southwark could not get a hearing from their constituents. Lord Hartington and Mr. Forster showed some tact, though little decision. But Mr. Glad- stone's early attempt to retreat from a false position took a form which has damaged him grievously. Having, on his own showing, for eighteen months been agi- tating against Lord Beaconsfield as the most dangerous of men, whose word was not to bo trusted, he offered to purchase tho with- drawal of the " vote of credit " by an address professing confidence in her Majesty's Govern- ment ! * The hollowness of such a proposal is too obvious for argument ; nor was it mended by hi3 continuing to resist the grant even after the withdrawal of Mr. Forster's amend- ment. Tho upshot is that tho Opposition havo .disabled themselves from useful action as a peace party, 'and the avoidanco of war-if indeed Russian arroganco do not render it unavoidable-must depend on the tact, the boldness, and above all the temper of tho Government. I told you in my last that John Bull's fighting blood was up ; it is now at fever heat. The 'crisis is really a terrible one ; what it will be four days hence I dare hardly conjecture. A witty Frenchman, when exhorted to re- nounce the world, inquired which world was spoken of; for, said he, "moi, j'en connais trente." Let me for a whilo renounce the political world, and. glanco at one or two others of the thirty. The religious world (strange combination of terms !) is .just now PMtySui§ii- ïke-âeath. of j'ÂoJSono has _og__ poned for a while the threatened organization of a Romish hierarchy in Scotland ; but even Avhen tho intrusive bishops with their new territorial designations appear in tho Land o' Cakes, I doubt their producing any con- siderable sensation. At all ovent3, no one in Scotland will desire to see the blunder of the "Ecclesiastical Titles Bill" repeated there. Indeed, tho Romanists in Scotland are so few and so powerless, that it cannot much signify ia practico by what titles their chiof pastors may be known, or as the Latin grammar has it " in what namo they rejoice." Even in England, Romanism has for some years past made little if any advance, and I think the alarm excited bj- the progress of Ritualism has somewhat subsided. Quiet people aro ceasing to regard it, except in its extreme manifestations, as a march towards Popery, and are learning to allow for cesthcti cism in public worship as an amiable Aveak ness, not without its uses. There is a lull as to the burials que_tiou. Mr. Oaborno Morgan has Avithdrawn his bill for the present session, though he means to try tho fate of a Revolution ; and if no measure of compromise can bo found, tho controversy will gradually die out by the closing, ono after another, of the old parish churchyards. The aspect of the question has boen bomewhat altered by the discovery that in the neAV cemeteries especially provided for Noncon- formists somo 70 per cent, of the funerals aro conducted with the Church of England service. The legal world is not in a very satisfactory state. Tho new brooms are not found to sweep as clean as was expected ; delays are frequent, expenses heavy, and appeals numer- ous. The sentence on Bradlaugh and Mrs. Besant has just been reversed on appeal ; the Court unanimously holding that the in- formation against them for publishing an immoral and indecent book was bad, because it did not set forth the particular passages complained of. I must suppose this is good law ; but,'with all respect for the three Judges, I beg to say that it is very bad sense. The whole book was an outrage on common decency ; it was written to recommend practices which one feels reluctant even to hint at, and the " Fruits of Philosophy" were to be gathered by those bold spirits who think chastity a jest, and would make even marriage a sacrament of immorality. In such a book, to parody Artevelde's words— " Or all is damnable, or nothing is," and the simplest way of setting forth the objectionable passages is to place the volume in the hands of the jury. I cannot but think, however, that it would be a great improve- ment in the law to allow a summary proceed- ing against the publishers of indecent works by way of injunction, to be granted by a division of the High Court sitting in banco. The entire publication would be submitted to the scrutiny of educated Judges, without obtain- ing the" increased circulation which the " Fruits of Philosophy " owed to the delays and publicity of the criminal proceedings. It is an awkward dilemma for the "Society for the Suppression of Vice," when they must either advertise an immoral book at great expense, or leave its publishers unpunished. Under the head of legal reform I am happy to say that the great principle of allowing prisoners to give evidence in their own defence is gaining ground. Tho recent debate on Mr. Ashley's Bill, affirm- ing that principle, showed a great change in the sentiment of the House since the same measure was run down and rejected two years ago. The subject has now been referred to a committee, to be considered along with, some other questions of legal reform, and I trust that ere long an innocent man on his trial will be permitted to explain his conduct on oath, and to have such explana- tory evidence tested by cross-examination. The possible inconvenience to guilty prisoners of not being able to face such an ordeal strikes me as an advantage, not an evil, attendant on the proposed change. In the musical world there is much activity. There is a third opera house, for the time being, at the Adelphi, where the Carl Rosa company are performing. They are not first rate, but they are decidedly above mediocrity, and their prices are not excessive. They ha>re been giving Nicolai's " Merry Wives of Windsor" with considerable success : the music being aided by pretty scenery and a charming fairy ballet and tableau at the close. I wish all our public dancing exhibitions were in equally good taste. I had the misfortune lately to find myself at the Alexandra Palace, looking on at the much-lauded pantomime of "St, George and the Dragon." There was much clever scenery, and tho " Kampf mit dem Drachen " was admirably managed, the horse especially fighting and dying with great propriety. But the dancing was simply dis- gusting. A lot of females, whom, I could almost believe to have paid for an opportunity of exhibiting their persons, disguised in a pretence of male attire that they might have an excuse for the scantiest possible drapery, danced the odious can-can in the coarsest style. And in line, while there was the usual danseuse, with a fair amount of what Theo- dore Hook termed " fringe to her stays," there was a second Columbine of the most voluptu- ous proportions attitudinising without any lower drapery whatever. People talk of the demand making the supply ; but I cannot be- lieve that such exhibitions as these are really demanded by public taste. "Our Boys" has now run 997 nights, and there is nothing morally objectionable in it from beginning to end. MAIL-DAY.-There is little chango in the European situation, which still remains critical, though not hopeless. It is now cer- tain that an English squadron has entered the Dardanelles, under a formal protest from the Porte (dictated, of course, by Russia), and is at anchor some twelve miles from Constan- tinople. Prince (Jortschakoff urges this as a sufficient ground for marching Russian troops into the capital " for the protection of all the Christians.'' Lord Derby has protested that there is no real parallel between tho two pro- cedures. But it is doubtful whether Russia, now in the hands of the exulting war-party, will bo discreet enough to talco the hint. It is, I fear, certain that, notwithstanding tho armistice, her troops are again advancing on Gallipoli. Her determination (expressed by General Ignatioff in the broadest terms) to resumo Bessarabia, at all hazards, in charac- teristic requital of services which may bo said to havo saved the Grand Duko's army at the crisis of tho campaign, shows a high-handed disregard of European treaties a* Avell as of the claims of a faithful ally which does not promise well for the peace of Europe The one hope of curbing Russian ambition without a deplorablo appeal to arms lies in a thorough accord between .Austria.aud .Great Jirfown,.-Russian strategists must luiow that were Austria to mobilise 200,000, in connection with a Btong expedi- tionary force from England, to operate from Gallipoli to the mouths of the Danube, tho position of the Muscovite forces in Bulgaria as well as south of tho Ballians would bo utterly untenable. As to tho forced alliance of tho Porte, it would vanish with tho first advance of a relieving army. As old Cobbetfc used to say, " If there were any pluck any- where ! " By tho way, Greece, which has thua far been " out of the hunt," is making strong military demonstrations, though not yet actually at war with tho Porte. If the Turk is to pay for trusting Russia by the loss of Con- stantinople, it seems quite on tho cards that it may once more become the seat of a Greek monarchy. Europe will not permit a great military despotism to hold the Dardanelles and the Bosphorus, and thus command the whole commerce o£ tho Euxine. Greece would be weak enough, manageable enough, and (let me add) anti-Russian enough to suit the views of all tlic great Poweis save one. Italy has buried the dear kind old Pope with much of solemnity and reverence, but with na outbuist of national sorrow such as attended the obsequies of Victor Emmanuel. The dis« appeaiance of the temporal power will pro- bably make the election at the cooning Con- clave calmer, less coirupt, and freer from poli- tical interference than has been possible for centuries past. In France things are going on. pretty quietly, though the triumpharft Repub- licans show some inclination to carry mattera with too high a hand. The Marshal ap» peats to have lcconcilod himself to»" the situation, and possibly finds M.. Dufaure pleasojnter to deal with than. the Due de Bioglie. He is, however, held by the opponents of " Clericalism " to have made a mistake in attending personally at the funeral services for the deceased Pope, aCter merely sending an aide-de-camp to assist? at a similar solemnity ia honour of Victor Emmanuel, an old ally and friend. But I think I could hold a brief in defence of bia. conduct-with a good fee ! A thousand events press for notice ; but T trust my Australian, readers will pardon me if at present I have little heart or head for any but the great questions which are engrossing the',thoughfr".i and prayeis of Englishmen. . * _._ * 