THE JUVENILE FANCY DRESS BALL. Looking back in one's mind's eye over the proceedings of civic events, it will be found that each epoch, so to speak, is marked by a great deal of hard work, of dreary duties, discharged by members and officers of the corporation, and but few bright cheerful passages; few of those festive and social gatherings that come to the hard worker, like a visitation from some beautiful world— far too beautiful, in fact, to be anything like the reality of ordinary existence. The Juvenile Fancy Dress Ball, however, which was given last evening, in the Town Hall, by the mayor (Mr. A. Bayne) heralds in a new period; it stands out for many reasons as a noted part in the city's history. Mr. Bayne is the first Mayor who has given an entertainment of this character, and he is to be complimented upon the happiness of the idea. Why should not we, along with the Epicure of old, exclaim, " Life is so short at best, snatch pleasure whilst thou cans't. Why should not the peaceful useful lives of civil authorities be un derlined in places by a pencil mark of joyous hue ! Why should not sociality be cultivated and wealth serve about the ouly good purposo for which it can be used—diffusing happiness ; and why should not romantic youth, as well as matter of fact middle age and prosaic old age, share in its most unclouded hours with elders, the felicity and rapture to be gained from a meeting of acquaintances, congregated to taste what are some of the joys to which man is heir to! We all look back to that dreamy period which marked the dawn of manhood with a fond regret, regarding it as we would tho dealest prized thing once possessed; having lost it we now enjoy it in others, are are never so happy as when surrounded by the guileless, the sweet innocency and freshness of youth. Its influence steals over the senses like the native perfumes of sweet flowers, making age forget its feebleness and enforcing de- light where sadness sat before. A juvenile dress ball more so therefore than any other, is far the more enjoyable; the fresh, pure young hearts are excited thereby to a rapturous felling, which is un tinctured by the hollowness ringing in older hearts, time and circumstances yet permit their radiant young eyes to see all in rose colors, to picture the scene only as a foretaste of what pleasure is to allow, when shaving brushes and razors, rulles, feathers and back hair become topics seriously debatable. It is all to them like gljiorious spring-time is to singing birds; it is like a day dream without end a page torn out of some romance, a breaking away from school books, from the cubing influence of elder brothers, from restraint imposed by an anxious father and breathing tho glorious free- dom youth so ardently sighs for. Thy cannot yet see the broad line di ving romance and poetry, from common place and prose, but believe, like some good honest old folks all still do, that if people would only be reasonable, life could be made one continuous day of pleasure. In saying that this fancy dress ball has been looked forward to for days past, that it has haunted as a nightmare the sleep of child hood; that it has been discussed with tea, with dessert, with coffee, with sighs, with bitter tears, with laughter, wiih radiant faces, with inexpressible joy, with ill-dis guised expectancy, with ghost-like fear and with doubt, for what a world of emotions were called up in contemplating the subject, we in no way exaggerate the interest that the event awakened in tho juvenile mind. First, the eagerly- expected invitation, then the consequent joy, the misgiving about what papa would have to say in the matter; the eloquent pleadings, infinite promises of good behaviour; the choice of character, the worrying peevishness in selecting appropriate costume; then the advice of friends, the heartburnings of criticism; the healing balm of a laudatory confidant; and then the thoughts upon who else will be there— " Will he come?" Last of all, the ball itself. Verily there is not a household in the city but in which this ball has been discussed well nigh to the distraction of pater and mater familias. It is difficult to say what the consequences would have been had the ball been post- poned. But callous and cold-hearted in deed must be the individual who could not fetch up sufficient sympathy for tho occa sion to dandle before their excited young friends. Invitations were issued to the number of close upon eight hundred, and there were very few of the favored ones but what ac cepted the compliment. This number also included very many grown up ladies and gentlemen, who have perhaps just turned the age of seventeen. Age is always a very delicate subject to treat; a woman's age especially is one of those things which "no fellah can understand, you knowah," as Dundreary would express it. If one did search in vain for some bright sunny face that has been as a beautiful vision hovering round the ball-rooms during the season, or sought in vain for the divine creature before whom " we stopped," as Lesterelle says, " in the soothing oasis of her gentle presence and gazed at her eyes— at those strange eyes in which I see out of this world into eternity when I look at them; they arc thought, distance, depth, and time;" or if was absent that frolicsome siren of whom the poet cnchanted gaily sings— Bewitching, matchless, dancing sprite, I like thy graceful motion. Ask any boon, and honor bright, It is at thy devotion. If these faces were absent there were others present which circled round them as ex quisite a halo of romance; faces of verdant freshness, on which pleasure was written in no characters hard to decipher. Let us take the sheltering support of yon column in the ball-room, and watch for a brief moment through our bedazzled eyes the charming scene before us. Almost the first figure that intercepts the wandering and bewildered eye is a majestic representation of Britannia, but what strange incongruity is this; she accepts the atten tions of a swarthy Russian officer with a smiling satisfaction that bespeaks at all events, so far as these two individuals are concerned, no difference of " politics " exist. Kingly and queenly dignitaries are never wanting at fancy dress balls; the gaudy and dazzling costumes permissible act with the fascination of light to a moth: it is wonder ful, however, that the royal dignity is so ill thought of by commoners; for instance, see with what unreverential freedom that auda cious Dick Sniveller waltzes with the fragile Mary Queen of Scots, or the frolicsome gay courtier of some remote period grimaces to yonder sweet face, in which is written a world of poetry. Lady Teazle in this instance has put aside her bantering spirit, and seems most attached to poor Sir Peter. There never was a more popular character apparently than Mephistopoles and he makes the utmost use of the grand favour in which he stands, for is he not flittering from flower to flower, and every where smiled upon. The innocent Galatea —-that creation of wild poet's wild dream— seems to possess a strange power of fascina- tion: she extracts homage from Monsieur Touchstone as well as the Merry Monarch; the poet who ransacked his brain to give his beautiful ideal form, could not have had much knowledge of the female heart, otherwise he would have given Galatea different attributes. Can quisite Hebrew melodies as seem to be indi cated by the many representations of Night — "She walks in beauty like the night." Celestially inclined maidens—and all maidens are said to have a leaning this way—prize nothing more than to represent tho beauti ful stars; they dot the room, like to what is seen on a summer's night, but these constel- lations are fearfull}' unromantic; see here a wild, savage Australian bushman, holding sweet converse with one of those idyllic creatures. Thero was, however, a noted absence of tho devotional cast of character; a solitary monk alone was to be seen wan dering disconsolately about, as if in search of some object upon which to bestow his blessed presence. Some of the exquisites of the numerous tribe of titled ladies appeared to have a shred of compassion left with them for the self- denying monk, and they do eventually fraternise. Goldsmith need not hare written—"Ill fares the land, to hasten ing ills a prey, where wealth accumulates and men decay. Princes and lords may flourish, or may fade . . . but a bold peasantry, their country's pride, when once destroyed, can never be supplied," for the peasant race seems flourishing beyond belief, and apparently far from being extinct. One could see charming peasant maidons, gaily attired, flittering round with the airiness usual to rustic joyousness, and one would almost think that the good old days were come back again to see bold—very bold— cavaliers, in ruflles, lace, and nodding plumes tripping lightly along, as if beneath their feet grow the verdant grass. No one need longer fear Mother Hubbard when she can be so gracious as to find a fittiug companion in a ferociously armed Highlander. Snow was seen to exist beside the dark Ethiopian serenader, and Black Night to join in a circle with Early Dawn and tho swarthy visaged son of sunny Italy. Golden Harvest shone with resplendent beauty beside tho dry featured foreign nobleman; Punch to find wit in demurring looking waiting maids. The British tar was numerically strong enough to have manned a small squadron, admiral and all ; he is always popular, but after the achievements of colonials in the cricket field need there bo any surprise that the cricketer finds representatives. Romoo sighed for the fair Juliet, even though she hare some other name, and "gay Gitana" seemed not at all afraid of meeting hilarious Don C;usar. Corsairs, armed to the very eyebrows, found favor in tho eyes of dainty little slippered ladies, who seemed like tiny marionettes, just brought out of new band boxes. It seomed literally to rain " rosebuds," and we feel inclined to in dulge our passion for these most beautiful of all creatures, but the appearance of a war like Hector quickly drives off the field an opponent; we fix a longing gaze upon a vision slowly moving towards us; it is like an angel, or like a fairy visitant from some nebulous territory, but who can fostor senti ment when tho eye rests upon a face such as is hidden beneath a lawyer's wig. We looked in rain for a Lady of the Lake, or a Paulino to wlinm WO cnuld paint a llOlllO beside Como's romantic hills, or a Helen of " matchless boauty," or a Rosalind of whom we could ro-ocho praises in forest glade or shady bower. It might be weakness to regret their ab sence, but "we figure to ourselves the thing we like," and not finding it, tire of wandering, but run our frail home-bound bark of fansy ashore. All tho glitter of bright colors dim and fade, and to dwell prolongedly upon such objects, when fancy has flown to other realms, satisfies not expected pleasure. Let us thorofore recall a truant imagination, and again conjure up bright fancies under the graceful gray cloudlets of a fragrant havanna, forgetting for a time in these new drawn visions the delightful phantasy of characters that havo just moved past us in the ballroom, with the Btateliness of fleecy summer clouds. Having thus hastily and imporfectiy des cribed this brilliant scene, wo leavo to learned fingers and wise hands to " describe tho undescribable," for, with Childe Harold, it can be exclaimed— We gazo nnd turn away, and know not where, Dazzlod and drunk with beauty, till the heart Keels with its fulness. Let a word now bo said about what con veniences the considerate attentivenoss of the mayor and his lady provided for their guests. The whole resources of the Town Hall were taxed to their utmost extent. For spectators a space was allotted in tho ball room from which a view of tho dancers could be obtained. Many hundreds were admitted during the evening to this en closure of parents, friends, and acquaint ances, who all showed tho greatest interest in the proceedings, and manifested the utmost eagerness to witness them. Notwith standing tho provision made for tho numer ous admission-orders issued, that each batch of spectators were only to remain one hour in this privileged enclosure, much inconvenient and disagreeable crush was experienced. At every vantage point commanding a view of the ball-room were to be found crowds of citizens intently watching the proceedings. It is unfortunato that the Mayor, who must feel flattered at having so large a circle of acquaintances, has not command of some supernatural power whereby he could, for the occasion, make bricks and mortar pliable to his fancy, or that he had the fac simile of Aladdin's magic lamp to enable him con veniently to placo two thousand people in a building which cannot, by any human pos sibility, contain more than one thousand. The various offices in the Town Hall were used for retiring, hat, cloak, and con versation rooms, while the large hall, ordi narily used for court purposes, was tempo rarily transformed into a supper room. Tho younger guests retired about ten o'clock to this quarter of the building, and were re galed with a superabundance of all imagin able kinds of sweets and trifling delicacies. The tables were very tastefully laid out, and the rich perfume from the flowers that were most charmingly arranged on the tables, the elegant decorations of walls with flags and evergreens, the smiling, sunny faces of the young guests, who were, in deed, enjoying the pleasures of the table, the merry laughter, small musical voices, and the indescribable generalities, made the supper almost as brilliant a sight as the ball room. About twelve the younger members were taken under the maternal wing again, and hurried home, while the remaining guests partook of a delightful supper, and then danced the merry dance, which was not stopped until the first blush of dawn ushered iu smiling daylight. Finster's string band was in attendance, and sup plied the music for the dancers. Many of the guests were late in arriving, in fact, till about ten o'clock a constant stream was kept up, by which time the ball-room became excessively crowded, and almost made dancing an impossibility. The ball was opened by tlie following young ladies and gentlemen :—Master Alex. Bayne and Miss Stirling, Master W. Bayne and Miss Macdougall, vis-a-vis; Master H. Buckley and Miss M. Bayne, Mr. G. Buckly and Miss Shiress. The adults in vited made themselves useful to the younger guests in many kind ways, and helped to keep up the spirit and dash of the enter tainment. It was not without its grotesque side, to observe some towering midshipman or dandified courtier leading an elegant little Countess, who would have almost put Minnie Warren to the blush for stature, through the maze and whirl of a dance, or to see somee tall graceful lady re ceiving the polite attentions of a gay young barrister, perhaps standing table high. One thing, however, was self-evi dent, peculiar as the couplings were, that the guests were heartily enjoying them selves. The first hour of novelty and strangeness having worn off, the ice being broken, so to speak, old and young were seen to vie with each other who could ex tract the most pleasure from the brilliant as semblage. It waa surprising, nay intensely amusing, to observe with what confidence and swaggering air very young gentlemen indeed asked the felicity to be permitted to take some lady of their acquaintance as a partner for the next dance. It is peculiar how soon youth can adapt itself to circumstances and drop into a new character. As the hours rapidly passed away, the youngest of the guests were taken from the throng, and dancing was then en tered upon with greater spirit by the older heads remaining. Until long past midnight was dancing kept up, and it would seem as if the young feet would never grow weary or become tired. But we must bring these somewhat discursive introductory re marks to a close, in order to leave space for a few words to be said about the almost end less variety of costumes worn. It ought, however, not to bo omitted to be stated that Mr. Bayne and his family, and also the town clerk (Mr. Mncdougall) were indefatigable in attending to the wants of the guests, who had indeed almost every wish anticipated, and it would not be venturing a rash opinion in say ing that the liberal hospitality of Mr. Bayne will mark his tenure of the mayoral chair as a red letter day in. the social history of this great goldfields city. THE COSTUMES. The following is a description of some of the more notable dressos worn, which gene rally were very pretty, and in some in stances almost extravagantly brilliant. The crowded state of the ball room made it most inconvenient for those ladies who wore long trains. Short skirts were found to bo much easier to manage, and left the dancers greater freedom in motion:— Miss Bayno represented the character of a maid of honor to Eleanor of Poiton; she was attired in a black velvet dress, with white satin petticoat embroidered with gold; cap of black velvet, with white feather and gold ornaments, completed a very handsome dress; Miss M. L. Bayne, as a Gipsy Queen, wore a blue dress, with bands of crimson and varie gated fringe; crimson and blue silk sash, blue cap, ornamented with gold lace and fringe; a necklace of colored beads finished a charming costume. Miss E. D. Bayne appear ed as the May Queen, and was attired in a pale blue dress, with flounces of pink; white muslin apron, and cap with May flowcrs, making a beautiful costume. Miss Mary Watson, as a " Finlandaise," wore an ivory silk skirt, with blue velvet bands, trimmed with silver and lace; blue velvet bodice, trimmed with pearls and tulle; coronct of blue velvet and pearls, with white veil, tho font ensemble having a very pleasing effect. Miss Minnie Watson, as a French Sailor Girl, appeared in an underskirt of navy blue cashmere, with pale blue bands; over skirt of ecru cashmere; navy blue jacket, turned back with pale blue; white sailor collar and sleeves, with silver anchors and sailor hat, the details of the costume having been so well studied that it proved very effective. Miss Stirling represented Snow, and was attired in a white tarlatan dress, trimmed with swansdown; white net cap and veil, dotted with swandown, and fastened to tho left shoulder by a robin redbreast- a most picturesque costume, and exquisitely ar ranged. Miss Ramsay represented Galatea (" Pygmalion and Galatea"), and was attired in a loose, flowing skirt, and tunic of white cashmere, trimmed with white satin, of Grecian pattern; a Tory exquisite costume, and charmingly worn. Miss Lizzie Ramsay appeared as Harvest Queen, anil wore a pale green silk skirt, trimmed with tarlatan, anil festooned with sprays of corn flowers ; a sickle and sheaf, held in the hand, com pleted a tastefully selected and dressed character. Miss Moore, as Goddess of Music, wore a dress of pale pink cashmere, trimmed with bands of music, and dotted here and there with small musical instruments of gold and silver; a necklace of small gold lyrcs, and a large lyre carried in the hand; the hair flowing; a tuile veil completed an elegant and very novel costume. Miss Lizzie Moore, as a French Waiting Maid, woro a short pink skirt, with puffed back, and trimmed with black velvet bands; a black velvet body, and pink sleeves; whito muslin apron, and Dolly Varden cap. Miss Madge Macdougall as Britannia, wore a dress of whito cashmere, with gold trim mings, blue drapery, collar and armlets of gold witli sandals to match, helmet of gold with scarlet brush, trident of gold, shield with union jack ; a gold lion fastening collar com pleted a very charming costume. Miss. Kato Macdougall represented a Normanby Peasant, and wore a rose colored skirt with black velvet bands, square bodice with whito mus lin chemizette and sleeves ; a high Norman cap finished an elegantly worn costume. Miss Minnie Davis as Snow, wore a white grenadine dress, trimmed and dotted with swan's down to imitate snow flakes, white tullo veil trimmed to match with tuft of mira bcau feathers; white kid boots and gloves trimmed with swan's down, hair frizzed and powdered, finished ofl'a picturesque costume. Miss Ruth Ellison represented the Australian Field Daisy, and was attired in tight-fitting white satin dress extending to shoes without a train, trimmed richly in lace and tarlatan, bespangled profusely with daisies, having also groups of these flowers held together with ribbons denoting in gold the character sus tained, straw hat to match ; an elegant and original costume, which was gracefully worn. Miss Elizabeth Jackson appeared as a Swiss Peasant Girl, and wore a white muslin skirt and apron trimmed with blue ribbon, blue silk body with silver trimmings and white sleeves ; small white hat, with pink rosebuds and forgat-me-nots, completed a very elegant dress. Miss Amy Jackson and Miss Graeo Rankin represented similar character.! of Bavarian Buy-a-Broom Girls ; ihoy wora blue dressos tvith white aprons, whito Ciips, with brooms, baskets, and rattles, making two novel character*. Master Thomas Williamson, as a Midshipman, was dreased in a blue cloth suit, gold buttons, and cap to match. Miss Sarah Williamson, as Folly, wore a blue satin dress, with amber satin trimmings, silver bells, cap and shoes to match—an elegant costume. Master Richard Williamson appeared ;us a Huntsman, and wore a scarlet paget coat, gold buttons, buckskin breeches, black velvet cap, top boots, spurs and whip. Miss Alice Williamson, as Madame Angofc's Daughter, was attired in a pink silk dress, white muslin apron trimmed with pink, white mop cap, pearl necklet, bracelets ; high strapped boots, with pink and blue trim mings, completed a handsome dress. Miss Lizzie Jacksou represented the Daughter of the Regiment, and wore a black velvet cap with gold band and tassell, red silk Zouave jacket, turned back with white satin, with gold buttons, black velvet skirt, striped red and black stockings, high boots; a brandy keg and drum, medals, etc., fastened over the shoulder, tinished a striking and ok-gant costume. Miss Mabel Jackson, as Dolly Varden, was dressed- in a.high cap (net), black mittens, pink and white silk polonaise, looped up with bows of pink ribbon, trimmed muslin apron, quilted skirt, high-heeled trimmed shoes, and represented ail elegant little lady. Miss M.tttd Jackson, as Sing Ileum's Daughter, wore an ivory white silk dress, with gold hem, wide hanging sleeves, pointed gold belt and cincture, coronets, bracelets, and armlets to match—a very ele gant costume. Miss Jennie Parker appeared as Lurline, and wore a long green gauze dre.is, trimmed with seaweed, coral, and slu-lls, with wreath to mack; hair flowing. Miss M. K. O'llagan represented an Angel, and was attired in a white satin dress, with silver trimmings; silver wings and stars; white satin slippers completed a very charm ing costume. Miss Margaret S. Dorman represented Dawn, and wore a white and blue silk skirt—white representing white clouds, -blue to represent dawn, silver spangles representing the stars; white silk hat, with rosette and silver tassel, and white and blue feather; silk stockings and blue boots, with silver spangles; an amber neck lace finished a very handsome attire. Miss Annie Dorman, as a Flower Girl, was attired in a dress of moonlight blue, covered with a variety of (lowers; ailk stockings; shoes with buckles; wreath of flowers on head and a basket of tlowera in hand; a charming dress. Miss Annio Jackson appeared as Queen of the Roses, and was attired in a pale pink silk dress made in the present style, trimmed with white tulle and blush roses on the train and on the niobcap, carrying a basket tilled with blush roses. Miss Lloyd represented ;i ■Spanish Dancing Girl, and wore a white tar laian skirt, cerise over skirt; velvet jacket and vest, trimmed with gold laca and braid; white stockings laced with cerise; black shoes; the. head-dress consisted of a Spanish comb and roses, and finished a well-selectsd costume. Miss Lilly Gollmick, as a French Soubrotte, was dressed in a blue skirt, with figured overskirt; muslin apron, ornamented with lacc and rosettes of pink and blue; white cap to correspond. Miss Alice Goll mick, as a Sailor Girl, was attired in a dress of blue and white, with Garibaldi bodice; blue and white sailor jacket, ornamented with silver sailor buttons, colored silk sash, and sailor's hat to match. Miss Mary M'Oulloch, as the Dawn of Morn ing, was attired in a dress of bluo silk, spangled with silver-sprays; coronet with half moon and stars; veil from ceronet to shoul der, looped up with half-moon; a handsome necklace of pearls completed a very poetically conceived attire. Master James Holton ap peared as Elvine, in " La Sonnanibula;" ho wore a green velvet jacket, trimmed with gold braid; white frilled shirt with puffed .sleeves, fastened with colored ribbons; lace collar, cardinal color; plush breeches, trimmed with lace and bows of ribbon; silk sash, striped stockings, shoes with bucklos, and hat trimmed with colored ribbon and feathers, turned up on ons side, completed a picturesque dress. Miss Ada Holton repre sented Bendigo, and was attired in a white muslin dress, trimmed with gold lace, with an overskirt of yellow silk gossamer, scarf thu same, fastened, by a colonial gold brooch studded with imitations of quartz and nug gets*; a wreath of gold and green vino loaves anil grapes, 011 the back of the wreath a white satin bow, with a pick and shovel in gold; 011 the right shoulder a piece of white satin with the words " Progress Bendigo," in goldf white kid boots, inamed with nuggets; a very striking and novel costume. Miss Kate Holton, as Advance Australia, wore a maize and blue silk dress, trimmed with bunches of wheat ears and bows; a rowing cap of the same colors, with the words " Advance Aus tralia" in gold on the band; sash of bluo bearing the words " Advance Australia" in front-, and " Cricket" and " Trickett" on each end; pearl necklet and bracelets; maize and blue .stockings; blue hessian boots also trimmed with wheat ears, and carrying in her hand a small silver cricket bat, mounted with a model of Trickott's winning boat. Miss Lizzie- Holton, as the Colleen Bawn, was dressed in a short bluo skirt, with an over skirt of chintz, looped; small red hood and cape; white apron, grey stockings, low shoes. Miss L. M. Calder represented the May Queen, and wore a blue dress, crimson llounces, white apron, crimson and bluo cap; a tasteful costume. Miss B. Caidcr, as a Village Belle, was attired in scarlet dress, blue llounces, white frilled apron, scarlet and blue cap. Master C. L. Calder, as Claude Melnotte, wore white trousers, blue blouse, crimson sash, and crimson cap. Miss Walker, as Queen of Spain, wore a very becoming short dress of pale pink lustrine, richly trimmed with chenille fringe and gold braid; the headdress consisted of Spanish comb and Spanish veil, fastened with palo pink roses. Miss B. C. Charlesworth, as Christmas, wore a white gauze dress, covered with snowllakcs, icicles, and garlands of holly ami ivy leaves, with robins; long flowing veil, with wreath of holly and robins, gave a -west and effective appearance to the cos tume. Miss Slobom, as a Swiss Peasant Girl, wore a scarlet Caslunere skirt, with black velvet bodice, handsomely trimmod with while satin, gold lace, and scarlet cord; a most suitable headdress of scarlet satin and black velvet, gold lace, and tassels; high shoos, with jiandsome silver buckles, com pleted the costume. Miss Clara Slobom, as Spring, wore pale blue silk, covercd with figured lisse, wreathod with spring flowers and pale blue silk; wreath of spring flowers on the head. Miss Annie Slobom, as Daisy, woro a white dress, elaborately trimmed with daisies and pule blue silk; headdress to match. Miss Connell, in the character of a Scotch Lassie, wore a short black velvet dross, trimmed with Victorian tartan, gold braid, and poarls ; black velvet Scotch bonnet, ornamented with tartan, yellow plume, and Scotch thistle; bronze shoes, trimmed with silver thistles, and Victoria tartan bows. Miss Maggie Connell, as a Scottish Bluebell, wore a blue satin short dress, trimmed with Royal Stuart tartan, gold, and bluebells; white apron, with bib and pockets; wreath of bluebells round tho neck; Royal Stuart tartan bonnet, I iilso trimmed with bluebells. lUiss Louisa Weller, as Foil}', Tvoro amber van dyked skirt, with blue satin tunic, trimmed with sprays of yollovr flowers and gold and silver bells. .Miss Minnie Weller, as Queen of Ileum, wore a scarlet skirt with groen silk bodice, and overakirt trimmod profusely with gold lace and the ace of hearts; bandeau of ribbon and ace of hearts in the hair. Misa Lena Weller took the character of a Vivan dieiv, and wore a scarlet skirt, trimmed alter nately with amber and gold; blue silk over skirt, with gold fringe; scarlet jacket, with white satin reverses, gold braid and buttons; white felt hat, with blue and amber plumes; striped stockings and high boots. This costume was rendered complete by a blue barrel with gold hoops and drink ing-cup strapped across the shoulders. Miss Whyto, in Restoration Costume, wore a bluo faille, and bands of black velvet, stud ded with silver stars and bunches of scarlet berries'; black velvet coronet, studded with silver stars and long gauza veil; bronze siloes, ornamented with bunches of berries. The Misses S. and E. White, as The Twin Sisters (Girotle and Girofla); wore short white dresses, with pleated trimmings; tho pink arid bW.'e mantles were richly trimmod with swansdown, which colors distinguished the sisters; pink and blue bracelets, and pink and bluo bows of ribbon in tho hair. Miss M'Grath personated a Spanish dancing girl, wore a rich white satin short skirt, trimmed with many colors of satin ribbon and bright beads; bodice of black velvet, trimmed to match skirt; head- dress of bright beads and ribbons; tambourine in the hand, with streamers' of many colors. Miss Dollie M'Grath, as Madame Angot, wore a scarlet and white cambric dress, with black silk apron and bib, coquettish little scarlet and white cap, scarlet and white striped stockings, with high shoes. Miss Maggie M'Grath, as a Dutch peasant, woro a tnmw uieaa, Iriumnjd with white muslin, white muslin apron, and cap to correspond. Miss Eadic, as Preseovia. " L'Etoiie du Nord," wore a dress of black, faille with long train, boulliones and pleatinya of the same, spanglud ill! over with ailvef stars; lonrr Teil worn ovet- tlio lion.d and siuulder:;, fastened on tin., oroivn v;iih silver descent and stars; diamond earring and .idvur arm lot* com pleted this elegant toilette.. Mr. J. Biiick, ■ junior, as a Hi^iiLuul Ciutsicain—kiit.. oj Royal Stuart, tartan, silk velvet jacket, buckles set ill silver, with Scotch thistles. Master II. Buick, as a Mandarin, wore a suit able, if not a becoming dress, to the charac ter; it had several gold ornaments, to gether with a pigtail and mandarin shoes. Miss Robshaw, as a Peasant Girl, wore a skirt of scarlet, trimmed with blue bands; white and blue jacket, and puffed sleeves; muslin apron, and becoming little cap, made a simple but effective little costume. Miss Buick, Eastom Princoss, dross of pure white material of a silky texture, richly trimmed with gold and amber, with pearls, gold bandeaus, ornaments, etc.; coronet, consist ing of gold and pearls, with tulle veil flowing loosely over the skirt. Miss M. Buick, Arabian Lady, short costume skirt, consist ing of palo blue satin, with gold bands and silver finish; gold girdles oncircled the skirt below the waist; jacket of blue satin; vest and flowing sleeves of cerise; turquoise silk, with silver braid and spangles; blue satin turban, with ostrich plume and silver orna ments. Miss Hoffernan book the character of a Spanish Peasant: she wore a scarlet cloth petticoat and black velvet bodice, with flowing sleeves of scarlet; white apron, trimmed with Maltese lace and ribbons; s.[Uare-crowned cap, suitable to character; striped stockings, and patent leather shoes. Miss J. A. Hoffernan appeared as Queen of Folly, in a dress consisting of three colors— pink, blue, and amber, trimmed with silver braid and bolls in rich profusion, llowing sleeves and lace rutilmgs round tliroat, cap ot blue and pink satin, with silver bells. Miss A. Hcflernaii, as a Shepherdess, wore a pink cashmere short dress, trimmed with amber; bodice of amber and blue, ornamented with gold and silver stars; largo leghorn hat, with wreath of wild llowers; crook, with rosettes and streamers of colored ribbons. Miss Minnie Henderson, as Summer Shower, was attired in pale green gauze, sparkling with rain drops, summer flowers, grass, and silver lacings finished the dress; wreath of silver, grass, and daisies rvorn on the the head; boots of groen satin, spangled with silver. Miss Pollock, an English Peasant, was becomingly dressed in a short skirt of scarlet and black, Llama blue jacket, book muslin apron, and pretty frillod cap; striped stock ings, and leather shoos, with buckles, com pleted a piain, but most effective dress. Miss Crabbe, as a Pink Rosebud, looked charming in a pink crape driss, covered with rosebuds; buds on hair, boots, gloves, etc. ; bo\iquct of pink rosebuds. Miss Winifred Crabbo, as Zara, a Gipsy fortune-teller, wore a scarlet and white short skirt, black velvet and scarlet plush body, and scarlet cloak; handkerchief on head; striped stockings to match, red shoes, charms, etc. Master Harold Crabbe appeared as a Sailor of II.M.S. Warrior in navy blue serge, striped guernsey, knifo, etc. Miss C. J. Rao ap peared as a Tyrolese Maiden in a short costume colored orange and black, with ■striped apron; gold trimmings and bonnet to match, and wreath of orange blossoms as a headdress. Miss 0. Fletcher wove a jockey costume, consisting of a dc massif, satin skirt, barred with rod, whito, and blue,.and slashed with blue, tied back with a blue sash; scarlet jackot; whito dc massie bertha, ornamented with silver horseshoes on the bosom; jockey's cap of red, white, and blue; high boots and spurs and riding whip, the whole making a vjffy handsome and eftsctivo costume. Miss F. S. Mendell, as Dawn, wore a silver frosted tulle skirt, bespangled with silver moons, stars, etc., and long rainbow veil. Miss Cecilia Meudcll appeared as Rod Riding Hood in a blue poplin skirt, red cloak, ctc. Miss Adelaide Horwood went as a Uride, tastefully attired in white satin skirt, square train, triminod with jessamine, orange blos soms, and lilies. Miss Hasker, as Diabolus, was attired in a llaming crimson costume; crimson skirt, trimmed with green and gold; black velvet jackot, trimmed with gold Iacn -and braid, and a headdress of flaming crimson satin, witli two horns to com plete the illusion, tho whole being profusoly trimmed with gold fringe, and making up a very handsome costume. Miss M. Carr as Folly, wore a scarlet satin skirt, black silk over-skirt, trimmed with gold lace and bells, black silk bodice, whito satin vest trimmed with gold fringe and lace, necklaco of gold bells, cap of black silk trimmed with crimson and gold and sur mountad with peacocks' feathers. Miss Rosina Can- went as Battelui; attired in black satin skirt, scarlet white and blue striped sash, yellow cashmore shirt, blue silk jackot faced with white, silver buttons and large siivor anchor fastening, sailor's scarlet tie and sailor's hat trimmed with blue and silver anchor. Miss E. Grattan, as a Ballet Girl, wore a gold spangled tarletan dress with pink satin bodice, pink satin high boots and coronet of gold as a hoaddross. Miss Margaret Aspinall, as an Italian Singer, wore a crimson satin skirt, blue silk puffed skirt, black velvet bodice trimmed with gold luce faiiC3' vest, choiuisette with long sieves, muslin apron trimmed with rod, yellow and blue, and an Ita lian headdress fastened with gold, and pearl pins. Miss Mary Aspinall, as Snow, worn a tar latan puffed skirt, spotted with Hakes of swan down, a headdress of holly, surmounted by a robin; the he&ddrass; and hair being covered with tlakeii of swandown. Miss Kate Warren, as a Scotch Lassie, vrore a black velvet dress, 'rimmed with Royal Stuart tartan; plaid Hash fastened with cairngorm diamond. Miss R. Warren went as Snow in a tarlatan skirt, covcred with tlakes of swandown, white plush jacket trimmed with swandown, and headdress of marabout plumes. Miss E. Acutt, in the character of a Spanish Gipsy, wore a rich pink silk dress, covered with black lace; headdress and other accessories to match. Miss Lansell, as a Huntress, wore a black velvet riding dress; headdress of black velvet, surmounted by a scarlet feather; horn slung ovor tha side with silver cord, and a riding whip. Miss L. Macgillivray, as a Sailor Girl, was dressed in navy blue and scarlet striped skirt; blue silk sash, trimmed with crimson anchors; white muslin shirt; navy blue jacket, with gold anchors; and sailor hat. Miss M. Macgillivray, as Cin derella, wore a white muslin skirt, trimmed with blue satin; court train of blue satin, and gold and white lace coronet. Mis3 E. Mac gillirray, as a Scotch Thistle, wore a white Cashmere dress covered with thistles, and wore a headdress of thistles. Miss Mary Hart, as a Fairy, wore a tarlatan skirt, spangled with gold; silk stockings, white satin shoes, and gold jewelled coronet. Miss Sarah Holmes appeared as Galsunida, in a charming costume, consisting of a crim son satin skirt, trimmed with handsome deep black fringe, headed with bands of black velvet; boddics of crimson satin, with black velvet and gold lace trimmings; the whole handsomely finished with a headdress of crimson roses, liigh comb and lace fall. Miss Mary H.wkcjr, as a Water Girl, wore a pale blue satin skirt, with bands of dark blue satin; jacket of dark blue satin, trimmed with frosted lace; chemisette of white aron; cap to match, and a pitcher to carry. Miss Lizzie Hawkey, as La Chasse, wore a skirt of red, white, and blue silk; red silk jacket, gold belt mounted with gold horso shoes, horn, dagger and whip; jockey's cap of yellow and blue. Miss Helm, as an Italian Peasant, was dressed in a blua poplin skirt, scarlet overskirt, black velvet bodice, trimmed with gold braid, brocaded apron, yellow, scarlet, and blue head-dres3, fastened with gold pins. Miss Cox, a3 a Milkmaid, wore a blue satin skirt, trimmed with bands of ambcr-colored satin, amber colored satin jacket, muslin apron, and cap trimmed with blue, white, and blue striped stockings, blue satin allocs, and silver pitcher. Master George lUackay appeared as a French Count, of the Sixteenth Century, and wore a handsome dress, consisting of a red velvet coat, trunks and mantle, slashed with white, with gold braid and white lace trimmings; cap to match, with white feather. Master Angus Maakay, as young Rob Roy, woro the Rob Roy tartan, coat of heather mixture. Miss Mackay, as a Lady of the time of Louis XIV., was attired in a rad velvet dress and train a la Princesse, the front of white cashmere,' slashed with red velvet, trimmed with gold I/raid and Valenciennes lace; head-dress to match. Miss Augusta Mackay, as Dolly Yarden, wore a br.r.vn polonaise, with cherry colored ■ llowers, over a green flowered under-akirt basket of tlo-.verd; straw hat, with ivy leave: f aad wi'aata of scarlot tiowsri. Miss RussoII as a Norman peasant, wore a scarlet skirt, trimmed with black velvet; black velret bodice, trimmed ivith gold lace; muslin apron, trimmed with blue, and handsome Normandy cap trimmed with blue and duchess laae. Miss Minnie Hem ming, as Queen of Clubs, was dreBscd in a fanciful but novel costume of pink satin, trimmed with Maltese lace and black velvet, plentifully bespangled with tiny cards of the suit of clubs; the jewellery being of a like character. Miss Teresa, Hemming, as a Gitana, wore an amber cashmare dress trim med with scarlet and gold bands, cerise sash, French bodice trimmed with pearls, tambou rine; headdress, earrings, and locket of pearls. Miss Charlotte Hemming, as the Daughter of the Regiment, wore a scarlet skirt trimmed with gold bars, blue and gold down the sides; blue velvet jacket, red vest, trimmed with gold braid, gold epaulets; straw hat trimmed with blue and scarlet, cockado and drum. Miss A. Gibba, as a Sutler, woro a navy blue cashmere skirt, Htripod with pale blue; scarlet jacket, with white facings and gold buttons; white hat, with cold band and navv blue plume; band with gold hoops. The Misses Mary and Frances Ross wore dressed as two Breton girls in holiday costume, in striped silk dresses, Breton panniers covered with butter Hies, and high Breton caps and baskets. Master W. Hemming, .13 Don Juan, wore a scarlet velvet jacket, trimmed with gold braid; blua vest, with silver trimmings; green and magenta trunks, and white silk hose; scarlet satin cap, a la Cheque. Miss G. M. Wrixon, as Esmeralda, was tastefully dressed in u scarlet underskirt, trimmed with gold lace; tunic of mull muslin, over which was a bodice of scarlet velvet, trimmed with gold braid, and bird's-winged sleeves of Dolly Varden muslin; pale blue sash, trimmed with g'dil fringo; blue and cerise striped stockings; black shoes, with red and gold ruscttca; neck lace of Indian coins and earrings to match, tambourine, and Gipsy headdress. Miss Annie Webb, as an Alsatian Girl, woz~e a blue skirt, black velvet bodice, white chemi sette, and scarlet velvet cap, with black bows. Miss Adelaide Lupton, as an Indian Fortune-teller, wore a black velvet dross, trimmed with cards round the bottom, and covered with silver moons and stars; silver anklets, doll strapped 011 back, and basket of cards on arm. Miss Hill, as Starlight, wore a dark blue silk princess robe, covered with tulle, spangled with silver and gold stars; dress to match, coronet of silver stars, with spangles, etc. Miss Shiress, as Betsy Trotwood, wore a black silk dress, spectacles, white apron and ! cap and shawl. Miss A. Shiress, as a Sou brette, wore a pink dress, short skirt, trimmed with black satin an muslin apron and sash. Miss i.I. Shiress, as Forget-me-not, wore a white tarlatan dres3, trimmed with blue silk and forget-me I not wreath, and shoes decorated with forget I me-nots. Miss M. Tucker, as a Spanish Tam | bourine Girl, wore a black velvet dress, trimmed with ermine and white laee; crown of pearls and other jew«llery. Miss A.Tucker, as Marie Stuart, wore a scarlet dress and body, trimmed with lace; turban of white and scarlet. .Miss Ethel Wills, as Damo Durben, wore a brown stuff dress, white muslin apron and cap, spectacles, stick and snuff-box. Master Chas. Grant, as an Hungarian Peasant Boy, wore a jackot and trousers of crimson, slashed with black, blue scarf and cap with red plume. Mias H. Gale aa a Vivandiero, wore the usual costume of r«d and blue-trimmed with gold buttons and lace. Miss Jessie Turnbull as an Italian Peasant Girl, wore a blue skirt with scarlet tunic, black velvet bodice laid with gold, white muslin apron, white stock ings and shoes, Ac. Miss Clara Ilutchens, as Dolly Varden, wore an underskirt of black silk with polonaise of scarlet, flowers, cash more and Dolly Varden cap trimmed with cherry colored ribbons, lace mit'ins, black shoos with ailvor heels, silver jewellery. Miss Ilattam, as a Spanish Lady, wore a white satin dress, elaborately trimmed with Spanish laca and rod rosea; rosary and cross; characteristic fan, long lace mittens, Spanish comb, and lace mantilla. Miss Charily Hattani represented Aurora, and was attired in a tarlatan dress, with rose-coW satin front; long white veil, with silver stars; silver coronet, with the morning star oil the front. Miss Ada Hatfam, as Ivy, wore a white muslin dress trimmed with scarlet satin and ivy leaves; apron to match; cap wreathed with ivy leaves and rose trimmings. Mastor Henry Hattam, as a Postman, was dr«3sed in a red coat, with black Jappets; blue trousers, rod stripe on sides; cap, red cord trimmings; and postman's bag. Mis» Emily Finster, as Lalla Rookh, wore a short double skirt of blue gossamer, trimmad with white satin, rosottes, and spangles; with white satin spangled trousers; rose-colored gossamer sash, trimmed with Maltese laco, satin, and spangles; white muslin bodice, with long pulled sleeves, strapped with rose colored satin and spangles; black velvet Zouve, edged with bead fringe and spangles; low shoes, spangled, rose rosettes; headdrcs*—turban, blue gossamer, white camellia, pearls, spangles ; pocket, rose satin; pearl earrings, necklace, and fan. Master J. Moody, as a Naval Officer, wore a suit of blue-black cloth, trimmed with gold braid. Miss Moody, as a French Countess, wore a dress of pale blue, trimmed with pah; pink cordod silk; Frunch cap of pale blue satin, with pink feathers and brilliant stars in front. Miss Eva Moody represented an Indian Princesi, and was attired in a dress of scarlet and blue satin, with trimmings of xilvef hat of scarlet and blue, with trim tilings of silver, finished with blue arid scarlet feathers. Miss Capoirell appeared in the character of Lady of tho Court of Louis XIV.; whits satin dress, train of crimson velvet, and coifFuro to correspond. Master ltoader, as a Gentleman of the t ime of Henry III., wore short green trousers and jacket, trimmed with whito lacs; black velvet cupe, trimmed with gold braid; large white ruffles; spangled black velvet hat, *rith white and scarlet feathers; scarlet stockings, and rapier. Mis3 J. Raeder, as a Swiss Girl of Berne, woro a petticoat of scarlet cashmere, with bands of black volvet and pale blue cashmere, trimmed with gold and silver braid; bodice of black velvet, trimmed with gold and silver braid, gold fringe and lace; muslin apron, cap and lace mittens. Miss B. Roeder, as a Frankfort Peasant Girl; wore a okirt of pale blue cashmere, trimmed with a. band of black velvet; black rslvet bodice, witli white muslin slueves; muslin apron, trimmed with ribbon, small black silk shawl, worked with colored floss silk; headdress of gold and silver spangles, colored ribbon, flowers; lace mittens. Mr. E. J. Hartley appeared as a Rosicrucian Hermit, and wore a white flowing beard, long grey gown and cowl, with a large red cross on back, and another on. front, girdle of rope, with bead rosary and cross, grey stockings and shoes. Mr. Robert D. Mackay appeared in the character of Count Petro lowski, in Russian officer's dress uniform, consisting of military blue black coat and trowsers, coat slashed with blue silk, fur and silver trimmings, fur cap, and boots to match. Master James B. Kennedy, as Romeo, was drossed in blue satin cloth tunic, trimmed with silrer lace and ermine, silk hose, and a very picturesque mantle, the hat harmonising veil with the costume. Master Phillip A. Kennedy was dressed in a handsomo Ncapoli tan Peasant's costuino of maroon velvet, elaborately trimmed with gold and colored ribbon, adorned with a sash of the period, being extromely characteristic. Miss Craig appeared a3 Night, and wore a black tarlatan dres3, with silver stars, black veil, with stars and crescent. Miss Einilj Craig, as Ivy, wore a white dress, with ivj wreaths; ivy round throat and wrist, and in hair. Miss Pryde, as a peasant of Norway wove a skirt of grey »ilk, white Swiss muslii body and sleeves, with black silk bodice, lacet with rose-colorad ribbon; large whito muslii apron, colored silk handkerchief over til ■ head. Miss Nellie Pryde, as C rise, wore ; skirt of pink brocade; body of same, wit! . white stomacher over skirt of blue brocade with, gold braid and white lace; white lac . sleeves; hair powdered, mitteus, and high . heeled shoes. Miss Teague, as Star of Love wore a dress of white silk and white tarlatan with pink, blue, green, and white putlr i kiltings, alternating with spangles and silve ; stars, and earrings tu match; Miivcr bou>;uci > I holder, and fan to match; booU of siivi . ' spangles, plush: wand of nilv^r, Miniiountc with silver stars. Miss Laura Birch, as a Roman Peasant Girl, wore a blue skirt with red bands; white body, trimmed with red and black straps, white apron trimmed with ribbon and lace; red and blue stockings and shoes. Miss Hope Eastman, as Kate Hardeastle, woro a tloivered black upper skirt, paimiered, canary cashmere quilled petticoat and stomacher, powdered hair, mittens and shoes. Miss Armstrong, as Early Spring, wore a light green silk dress, witli white grenadine slip, having wreaths of snowdrops and violets sprinkled with snow; headdress of white chrysanthemums and silver leaves; basket of Auglo-Saxou Peasant, woro a skirt of black silk, trimmed with bands of red, blue, pink, and gold; muslin body, with velvet and muslin cap; shoes with buckles. Miss Lasceiles, as a iiiaek Domino, wore a cream silk, with black points and domino. Miss Carrie Richards, in the character of Little English Christmas, wore a dress of white tarlatan and veil triimncd with snow, wreath of holly leaves and berries, and a robin porched on her shoulder. .Miss J. Watson. as Donna Mariijuita, a Spanish Gitana, in the comedy of " El Cafe," by Mmitan, was tastefully dressed in a skirt of rose-colorad silk with four tlounccs of black Maltose lace headed with black velvet; bodice of black velvet, pointed back and front with white satin; vest laced across with gold braid, sleeves of white satin, anil black velvet and gold lace round the bodice, trimmed with gold fringe and black Maltese lace; head dress—Spanish comb, black lace voil, a cluster of roses and gold and silver pins, also black shoes with rosettes to match, and tam bourine ornamented with various colored rib bons. Miss Alexander appeared as The Sea in a dress of green and whito tarlatan, trimmed with seaweed, coral, and shells; headdress— seaweed and shells ; boots to match. . Miss Etty Hunter, in the costume of a Jiearnaise, wore a green underskirt with black "band, white overskirt trimmed with green velvet, headdress of white tarlatan and green velvet, leather belt and bag, orna montod with silver poarls and cross, Susy Hunter, as Little Bo-Poep, was attired in a blue and scarlet skirt, floral tunic, hat and cross. Louie Hunter, as Goody Two (Shoes, wore a whito dress, apron and cap ornamented, with blue shoes. Miss Lawlor, in the character of the Flower from Paddy's Land, wore a skirt of white tarlatan, trimmed with ruchings of white illusions, festooned and fastened with gold harps, mounted with shamrocks; bertha of white illusion and Maltese lace, trimmed with bands of gold and bunches of shamrocks; belt of gold and shamrocks; cape of Maltese laco, gold fringe, and shamrocks; necklet and earrings of gold and shamrocks; white satin slippers, mounted with shamrocks. Miss Maggie Lawlor, in the character of Old Mother Hubbard, wore a tlress of grey wincey and long plain skirt, trimmed with blue braid; linen collar aiut cull's; black apron, with pocket for snuft-box; muslin capo, with double borders, tied down with brown satin ribbon; Kob Hoy shawl; shoos and grey stockings; spectacles and stick. Miss Van Damme, as the Enchantress in " Satanella," wore a Turkish dress; from a blue satin cap encircled with pearls a rich frosted veil depended in gossamer folds until it twisted loosely round a tunic of tho same material and color as tho cap, and its gold fringed ends hung over wide satin trousers, which were gathered round tho ancles, and displayed the slippers, fashioned in Oriental style; the. whole dress was covered with spangles and gold lace; hair loose, slightly crimped, and sprinkled with gold powder; ornaments, pearls. Miss Josephine Van Damme appeared as the Prince of Orange in short mantle doublet and trunks of orange colored satin, slashed with blue; cap of the .saino colors, with aigrette and drooping feather ; white periwig, luce ruffles/ powder and patches ; the little lady looked a .very pretty little prince indeed. Leila Maude Bailey appeared as the Queen of the Fairies in a handsome dress, composed of numerous skirts of pink and white tarlatan, spangled with gold ; head-dress—a gold crown, studded with jewels; wand the same; pink stockings and shoea. Miss Alice Con- nelly as Viva, a Spanish brigand's daughter, wore a short black velvet dress, with scarlet and silver trimmings, belt with pistols, and largo Spanish hat. Miss Amy Connelly, as Brenda —an archery costume—wore a short green dress, with gold and amber trimmings. Miss Maggie Connelly, as Lucetta—a Greek girl—wore a white dress, witJi rose color sash, trimmings, and head-dress. Miss Ley Boase, as a Fairy, wore a dress compused of a richly trimmed white satin underskirt, bodice of pale blue, crease dc chene", trimmed with silver and lace, which gave it a very soft appearance; wings of spauglod net, with neat little silver crown; v;hite kid boots, and handsome silver wand. Miss M. Bruhu appeared in the character of Dawn, and wore a princess robe of tarlatan, square bnddiee and elbow sleeves adorned with Maltese lace; plastron down front of the dress, composed of tarlatan puflings and boxed pleted kiltings, finished with silver bands, spangled with two hundred stars and half moons; the head dress was a pearl coronet, with cloud of white tuil* attached to fulness of skirt at back, ornamented with stars and moons; white kid boots, adorned with blue fuelling and pearls. Master H. Buckley, Nigger Minstrel, with tambourine, red and white striped pantaloons, white vest, blue and white striped dress coat, exaggerated scarlet tie. Master G. E. Buckley, Sailor of H.M.S. Temeraire, blue trousers, wliite frock, trimmed with blue. Master J. W. Buckle}', Court (ientloman of the timo of ; Louis XIV'., crimson plush breeches and coat, trimmed with puiJit laco and gold • buttons; white silk stockings, shoes, and. / buckles; white satin waistcoat, iind laco cravat ; powdered iiair and black Telvot hat. Miss Isabel K. M. Buckley, Court Lady of the timo of Louis XIV.; blue silk train, and ; white satin putticoat, trimmed with Dttchsss lace and bouquets of pink roses; hair pow dered u la. Pompadour; blue satin shoes with white rosettes; head dress of pink roses. Miss Richards, as Mary Queen of Scots, woro a black velvet train, with pointed bodice, over white satin skirt, embroidered with gold and pearls; tight slcoves with white satin puflincju, ^lurw -Stuart oup COWn witlv white veil, beads, cross and ruffle. Miss Bonnie Iliohord", as The Astrologer's Daughter, dressed in white tarlatan, trimmed with black velvet and silver stars (constella tions of the southern hemisphere) over blue skirt, blue satin cap with scroll of the zodiac signs around it. Miss Eugenie Millin, in the character of Highland Lassie, wore a dress of Irish poplin, Stuart tartan, Glengarry cap, shoes ornamented with -Stuart bows, pearl and gold ornaments. Miss Mary Millin, 111 the character of Advance Australia, wore a drass of maize silk with Australian coat of arms round the skirt; top skirl of white tarlatan looped up with bunches of wheat ears and maize bows; hat with embroidered band '* Eleven;" shoes ornamented witk wheat ears and maize bows; gold ornaments in her hand, pretty symbol of onc'iet bat in silver. Miss M:try Palmer, as Jenny Wren, wore a brown velvet dress with yellow satin front, brown velvet cap trimmed with feathers, and wvsn in trout of can. .Miss Be3sie Palmer, as Cock Robin, wuro a black velvet dress with scarlet satin front, black velvet cap trimmed with feathers, and Robin Jtcd Breast in front of cap. Miss Frances Palmer, as the Busy Bee, appeared in a black velvet dress; skirt trimmed with yellow satin .stripes, body trimmed with bee velvet with I • > 11 ;4 feelers ill front; dress and cap spangled with yold bees. Mr. (J. 1). Watt jii, a3 a Spanish Tr. m i> wove a blade velvet jacket, slashed with scarlet silk, gold front studs, scarlet ?i!k lininys, blue silk aasli round the waist; blauK "elvet breeches, slashed down sides with scarlet oiik, scarlet silk rose'.tes and fringes; silk stockings, patent leather shoes, with scarlet silk rosettes; a filack velvet cap com pleted a very eii'ecnva attire. Master Arthur Daly represented a O^rs-iir, ami was arrayed in a piiim-col.ir-'d and ^leetl satin coat, trimmed with silver and sp,tn:,'ies; yruuii Sitln Ve-jt, trimmed with ^'dd lace; amber satin trimmed with silver and spangles; jrrueii .latin ajim^'ed trunk; phiiu-colorcd batin gaiters, triimuud with silver and spangles; plum-colored hat, trimmed with tilvor aud spangles; white H.itin spangled sash, pistols, and scimitar. Tha eciinitar worn by this young gentleman was sur rounded witii some historic interest, an it was taken from the hain't of a deceased Turk on the biittle-tield <>f Acre, in 18-40. The blade is ornamented with the Crescent, sun and stars, and in a most formidable weapon. Mr. Win. P. 13ay»e represented Sir Walter Raleigh, unit ivsi dressed in a l.hieic velvet tunic, with puttings of blue; black velvet cloak, wuh blue cord and tassels; blue breeches, with white lace and silver buckles; silk hoso, sword and silver ornaments; broad brimmed hilt, with blue feather, completed a handsome att ire. Masters Douglas W. alid Os wald S. Liayne. represented similar characters of I'ayes; t hey wore black velvet dresses, with pale blue putiinys aud white lace; black velvet cloaks, black hat, with blueandwhite feathers. Mastor (jrsieme Macd'Higail, as Aladdin, or tlie Wonderful Scamp, wore scarlet Turkish trousers trimmed with gold lace, jacket of bluo witli silver lace; turban of whito with blue silver aigrette of gold, diamonds, rubies, oriental sash, scimitar ; a very handsome cost-nine. Master Alfred Wells, as aGrenadier Guard, was dressed in a scarlet coat, white facings, gold lace, crimson sash, and bear akin cap. Mr. Henry Jackson, junr., repre sented t.lie character of Dick Sniveller (from " Tho Old Curiosity Shop" and the best possi ble description to give of the dress worn is to Uso- Dickens' own words :—" His attire was Hot remarkable for the nicest arrangement, but was in a state of disorder which strongly induced the idea that he li.nl gone to bed in it." . . It consisted of a body-coat with a great many buttons up the front-, and only one behind; a bright check ncokerchiof, a plaid waistcoat, soiled trousers, and a very limp hat; worn with the wrong side fore most, to hide a hole in tho brim. His dirty wristbands were pulled down aa far as pos sible, and ostentatiously folded back over his oufis : he displayed no gloves, and carried ayellowcaue. Master Frank Wells, us an Aus tralian cricketer, wore a white flannel coat, bluo braid; whito flannel trousers, and blue Striped shirt. Master Frank Lewis, as a Welsh Gentleman, 17th century ; woro a blue dress coat, gold buttons, scarlet vest, gold lace and buttons ; silver watch with seals ; white knee breeches, grey stockings, shoes, silver buckles ; a white plush hat, blue braid with leak on side finished a handsome dress. Master Solomon Fluhm, as Goliath of Gath, the Giant, wore gold armour, crimson skirt, helmet, crimson plume leggings to match ; sandals, sword ami shield. Miss Bessio Lewis ns a We:sh Lady 17th century, was dressed in. a scarlet frock, checked apron, email wool shawl,' white lace cap under a black- hat with a leak on the side. Hat sugar loaf shape, broad brim, black and white stockings, shoes, with buckles, with knittiug in her hauda. Master Frank Balsillie, ap peared as a Huntsman, and no re a coat scarlet cloth, cola buttons vest and brecches, in buckskin top-boots, whip and spurs, black velvet hunting cap. Master Willie Balsillie, aa » Sailor Boy, wore a white linen blouse, with bluo cloth collar and cutis braided, blue cloth trousers, straw sailor hat, cord and whistle. Mr. Win. Sayor represented a Huntsman, and wore a red coat, white buckskin breeches, top-boots, black velvet cap, whip and spurs. Master diaries Reado represented Jules Gerard, the Lion Killer ; " Lieutenant Spahis " he wore a Franco Turkish uniform, consisting of scarlet Turkish trousers, yellow sash, bine and gold Zouave jacket, scarlet fez cap, blue and gold tassell, top- boots,spurs and sword Napoleon's rapier. Master Francis Reado as a Jockoy was dressed in blue jacket and while sash, blue and white cap, top-boots and spurs. Master George Reade as a Swiss Peasant wore crimson and white silk shirt, blue jacket, white pants, crimson sash and knee ties, black and crimson cap. Master Ernest Reade as General Garaimldi, wore a rod shirt, white trousers and military cap. Master George Davis appeared as a Gentle man in the reigii of Henri 111 of France; he wore a black velvet trimk suit, trimmed with old point lace, and braided with silver; short cloak of same, lined with scarlet; ruffles, black velvet cap of the period, with pluine of : colored, feathers; scarlet silk stockiugs, shoes with rosettes, Court sword and ap , pointments, made up a tastefully arranged dress. Master J. J. Watson appeared as a Freiich Sailor Boy; wore dark blue serge trousers, with shirt to correspond; navy bluo clotli coat, and straw hat. Master Jeff. Con- nelly appeared as Gonzales, a Spanish bri- gand chief; the dress was of black velvet, cloak, coat, and knee breeches, with gold trimmings; scarlet sash, facings, etc. Master John Jackson personated a British Tar; lie wore navy bluo clothes, black glazed hat, bearing the name of Dreadnought. Master G. M. Domain appeared as a High lander, and was attired in a Tartan kilt of the 42nd Regiment; velvet, jacket, and Highland ornaments complete. Master Jolm F. Van Damme was dressed as Pierrot —oue half rod, the other white—high conical cap, and splendid moustache and imperial. Master Harry Van Damme represented the historical character of Sarah Gamp, in the orthodox scuttle bonnet and prepostorous umbrella. Master James Webb as Rene, Duke of Lorraine, wore a shirt of red velvet, puffed with lavender satin; red velvet trunks, fluled with lavender; red and lavender cap, trimmed with gold iace; red plume fastened with star; white ruffle, Bhoes of tho period same color as dress, heavy gold chain and cross. Mr. Israel Davis appeared in the character of Lavid, in a costume of blue satin, with crimson baud at tho waist, whito bauds at bottom of gown, and sandals. Master Arthur Palmer appeared in the cha racter of Captain of tho Perfect Cure Cricket Club, in red and white flannel cricketing suit. Mr. T. H. Palmer, as the Ancient Mariner, wore an ordinary sailor's costume, with grey wig ami beard. Tl\os. Wilson, as an Italian Brigand, w«re a dress composed of violet velvet, trimmed with scarlet satin.and mounted with gold and silver lace and fringe; pistols and jewelled dagger. Mr. Win. Jackson, as Charles Surface, in "School for Scandal," wore a dress composed of a blue silk velvet coat, pink satin vest, aud pink satin breeches; whito silk stockings, patent leather shoes, and powdered wig. Mr. F. W. A'alder as Othello appeared in yellow and red dress, red tights, rud and white turbar., jewelled necklet aud scimitar. Master Lloyd appeared as a student of Christ's Hospital, commonly called a Blue Coat Boy. Ho was dresssd as at the founda tion of the hospital by King Edward Oth, 1553\. A long blue coat open in the front, buttoned to the waist by white metalled buttons bearing the head of the founder, yellow petticoat to knees, knee breeches black velvet, yellow stockings aud shoes, clerical bands, 110 hat, red girdle. Master Charles JuoL-son as a Page was dressed in a uoK-t't tunic and Uiiiokerbn lace ruffles und trimmed with whito fur, white cloak lined and trlunuod wit.h r.rimann; a black velvet cap, white plumes, shoes and bucklss finished a well arranged dress. Master Fred. Hunter as a Merchantman's apprentice, wore whito duck trousers, blue guernsey shirt, round cloth cap, cord and knife. Master Tom Hunter as a Nigger, wore a swallow tail coat aud trousers of pink and white stripe, white tie. hat, buiiet-, and umbrella Mr. Kil gowcr won; ;i divss as Alexander ILL, Czar of Hu.'sia; blue military frock coat, trimmed with gold braid, gold star and cross, blue trousi ir., with scarlet stripe; and a small crown. .M ister Hubert James Dorman, as a Pa^'e of the period of Charles 1., was dressed in black velvet jacket, slashed sleeves, with white lace rallies rouud neck and anus; knee breeches, with rosettes; black silk stockings, shoes with rosettes and silver buckles: a black felt hat, with whits feather; white wig, completed a well-selected costume. Master R. B. Nicholas, as the Captain's Coxswain of H M.S. Invincible, wore white trousers, blue surge shirt, striped guernsey, and a sailor's cap. Master Hug gard as Sergeant Bi.zfuz, counsel for the plaintiff in the trial of " Bardeli v. Pick wick " in-itnictHd by the plaintiff's attornies, Messrs Douson and Fogg. Miss tluggard ap peared as Kusebud,a Flower Girl. Dress white aud blue tarlatan trimmed with rosebuds and loaves. .Master Willie Boyd, as a member of the Prince of Wales Victorian Volunteer Light. Horee troop. Master Thomas Boyd, au officer of Vir.iu: ian Navy. Mios Margaret Boyd, in yachting costume ; dress blue French mtnno mth military braid. Miss Jane Boyd as La Perichole; dress scarlet French nieriao black velvet bodice, Mist Lilly Whc-elor as Little Red Riding Hood ; j dress blue French merino, scarlet cloak and hood. Master Arthur !?auerbrey represented ,ii .Spanish Boy, and wore a Figaro vest of > l ♦ timmed svitb pale bins silk knots, puffed "'.cara'fr.c ^h;rt. blue silk scarf, turned down collar, and chues with red rosettes. Miss iiamitt aauefbicy »fresented Xric'lrac, aad , wore a black uuder skirt, trimmed with scarlet pointed tubs, white top skirt covered with gold draughts, body black and scarlet, with draught board chequered saah ; dice box and dice suspendod, from shoulder. Miss Eva Sauerbrey, ao nil ttalinn fWaant Girl in holiday nttiro, wore a white undor skirt with crimson silk top skirt, black velvet bodice, trimmed with gold laco, whito silk, apron, with painted (lon ers and trimmings of colored satin ; shoes with crimson rosettes, white head dress, with gold pins and pearl ornaments. Master J. W. Powell, as Don Ciusar do Bazan ; wore a large black hat, blue and white feather, canary colored cloak trimmed with white and silver lace ; jacket puce, and canary colored, also trimmed with white ami sliver lace, and sword belt to match ; trousers black velvet, witli silver lace and canary. Master W. Lees as a Gen tleman of the time of George I i., wore a claret colored coat and breeches laced with silvor, laced rumcs and cravat; pink satin waistcoat laced with silver; whito siookNigs, shoes with buckles ; powdered periwig and queue. Master Geoll'roy Lees, as a British Grenadier of the time of George 11., wore a scarlot coat, blue facings, rullles and|cravat; hi no breeches, white leather gaiters, blue grenadier's shako, with royal arms and red oockado ; white shoulder belt, wrist belt .and rapier. .Master Gerald Mouldon an Burbo Bleue, wore a tunic of pale blue plush, faced with white and bordered with silver, Maltese tin collar and cull's ; blue satin cloak lined with cardinal plush, and edged with fur;' black hat with blue feather, white gloves, with gauntlets, high-boots, otc. Miss E. Connell, as a Scotch Lassie, black velvet dress, trimmed with Victoria tartan ami gold lace, Scotch bonnet and plume, tar tan scarf, bronze shoes, trimmed with tartan. Miss M. Council, Scotch Blue Bell, blue 8a tin dress, trimmed with Royal Stuart tnr t.aii triinui.ngs of thistles an.l bluo bolls, necklace of silver and bluo hello, Scotch bonnet of blue satin, trimmed with tartan thistles and blue hells, niuslin apron, with pockets, gold lace trimmings, bronze shoes, trimmed with tartan. Master D. Council, Highland Costume. Miss Ada Cole, as a Pa risian iSoubretto, was dressed in a skirt of rose plush, with black velvet bands, bodice black velvet, white niuslin ind laco, cap and apron lace, with wild (lowers, antique neglige. Master Joseph Hartley, a Spanish Cavalior, wore a green velvet suit, trimmed with silver bands and white lace, large laco collar and culls, largo hat, with green plume and silver ornament, white silk long hose, shoes with green rosettes and silver buckles. Miss Be dina Bartley, as Dawn, wore a dress of pearly blue tarlaton, trimmed with silver stars and dewdrops, coronet of biuo velvot, with half moon and stars, iv long veil spangled with dinvdrops and stars. Considerable dilliculty was experienced in compiling the list, of guests, and owing to some of those who were present having omitted to leave their invitation cards wo are of coursu un;ible to supply as correct a. list as '.vo otherwise miijht. have done. Subjoined nro the mimes of flume guests who left their cards at the entrance :— Abbott, .1 I I, jimr—-Robinson Crusoo. Abbott, 1\ U—Kobiu Hood Abbott, Mim E—Little Bo peep Abbott, Miss A M—Snow Aspiuall, Miss—Italian Singer Aspiuall, Miss M E—Snow Aspiuall, iS H—Italian Brigand Aspiuall, G V—Midshipman Armstrong, Miss A—Spring Armstrong, Miss S—Britannia Armstrong, Miss B—Swiss Peasant Girl1 Alexander, —Barrister at Law Alexander, Miss—The Sea , . , . Auntt, Miss—Maritann Arthur,—Gay Cavalier Biyne, Miss—Maid of Honor to Eleanor of Poitous Bayne, Miss M L—Gipsy-Queen- . • I3ay no, Miss 15 D—May Queen. Bayne, \V P—Sir .Walter llaleigh Bayne, Alex T—Sailor. Bayne, Andrew. B P—Clown Bayne, 1) \V—Pago -i '' Bayne, O J—Pago : Buick, Miss—Eastern Princess Barrow, Miss—Geneva Cross Nurso Barrow, Miss A S—Winter Bailey, Miss L 51—Queen of the Fairies Buick, J. jimr—Highland Chieftain ■ Bell, C W—Don Ciesar de Bazan Barrow, J—Fritz Bytield, W—Greek Gentleman Brookman, Bliss M—Dawn Blackham, .1 S—Gentleman 10th century Buick, A—Mandarin Buick, Miss M—Arabian lady Buick. Miss B— Boyd, W—P of W V L II Troop Boyd, Miss J—La Porichole Bnyd, T—Officer Victorian Navy Boyd, Miss M—Yachting costumo Bell, A—Sailor Bell, Miss E—Caledonia Bruce, — —Cricketer. Buckley, H—Nigger Minstrel, with tambourine Buckley, G E—bailor H. M.S. Temeraire Buckley, J W—Court Gentleman Louis XIV* Buckley, Miss Isabel E M—Court Lady Louis XIV - Bannermau, Man-of-WarVMAii Bartley, J—Smnish Cavalier Hartley, Miss li—Dawn . Birch, Mi«s L—Roman Peasant Girl Birch, Miss 15—Alsatian Peasant Birch, G—Midshipman Bradley, Miss A—.Fairy . . Bradley, \V 11—Fau&t; Brown, Miss J M—Night Brown, Miss M K—Swiss Peasant Bruisn, Miss M—Dawn Balsillic, y—Huntsman . t Balsillie, W—Sailor Boy ' • . Builds, Mins—Bo Peep * Budd-, Garibaldi Bnmkman, W—Midshipman Boobier, C—French Naval Officor Brockley, A—Man-of-Wars Man Bower, Miss—Dame Durben Barbour, Miss Edith—Ivy Barbour, Miss Emily—Australian Mu*o Covcrdalc, Miss—A Nursemaid Connelly, Miss Alice — Viva, Spanish Brigand's Daughter Connelly, Miss Amy — Brenda (archery costume) Connelly, M — Lucetta, a Greek girl Connelly, J — Gonzales Connelly, W — Tom Rodman Connelly, L — Jim Crow Calder, M—Cricketer Colder. Miss L M—May Queen Calder, Miss B—Village Belle Calder, C L—Claude Mclnottc Calder, G—Clown Capevvell, Miss—Lady of Court Louis tho 14th Capper, Miss C—■Quboh of Peacocks Capper, Miss A—Cigarette Capper, Mis* II—Red Hiding Hood Crowley, d—Sulieman Pasha Crowley, W—Mukhtar Pasha Carr, H J—Gold Miner, 1853 Carr, R P—Midshipman Carr, Miss M J—lolly Carr, Miss R—Batelioro Oarolin, d P—Robin Hood Oarolin, Miss M—Queen of Hearts Crabbc, H—Sailor, JI.M.S. Warrior Crabbc, Miss—A Pink Rosebud ■ Crabbe, Miss W—Zara, a Gipsy Craig, Miss E—Ivy Craig, Miss—Night Council, A—Midshipman Council, D—Highlander Connell, Miss E—Scotch Lassie Connell, Miss M—Scotch Blue Bell Cox, Miss B E—Water-carrier Cox, Miss C 0—The Wildwood ITowor Cox, H C—Drogan Carmichael, Miss Jane—Christine Willson Carmichael, Miss Jessie—Shepherdess Carnnchael, Miss Isabella—Rosebud Charlesworth, Miss B—Christmas Ooburn, .1 1J—uontleman of the 19tTi century Cole, O C—Russian military officer Cole, GW—Seaman H.M.S. Galatea Cole, Mis? Ada—Parisian Sonbrette Curtis, Miss—Highland Costume Conway, Miss— Dunbar, —:—Naval Officer Dormau, G M—A Highlander Durinan, MissM S—Dawn Durman, Miss A—Flower Girl Davis, Miss M—Snow Davii. G—Gentleman in the reigu of Henry III. of France Daly, -A—A Corsair fa vis, Israel—David Dni man, 1\ J—I'ngc of ths period of Charles I Pyrr, Miss—Uejazet Davies, J—Shepherd Boy Dow, — Deane, Miss Eadie, G—A Naval Officer Eadie, J—A Page Eadie, Miss—Prescovia Elli on, T—Gentleman in any century Evans, T J—Gentleman of the 19th Centurv Edwards, Miss A Eastman, Hugh—('ricketer Kajtinan, Miss H—Kate Hardcastle Eastman, Miss N—Italian Peasant Ellison, Miss K—The Australian Field Daisy Flolim—Goliath of Gath, the Giant Fletcher, Miss H—Maritana Fletcher, Miss E—Sailor Fletcher, C—Midshipman Fletcher, -Nliss C—A Jockey Fiuster, Jlis3 E—Lalla Kookh Farmer, H S—Ancient Mariner Fleming, Miss—Maid of Xains Goodisan, J—Champion of the Thames Grattan, Jockey Grattan, Miss G—Ballet Dancer Gale, C—Menhistopheles (rrilp. G—Sailor Gale, Miss H—Vivandiere Golhnick, Miss—French Soufcrette Go'.lmick, Miss A—Sailor Girl Gromann. A—Helvelia Gronwnn, F—Blue Beard Gil!, Miss F—.Bohemian Girl, 14th century Gibbs, .Mifs—A Sutler Gray, C—Sailer. H:igsard—A BarrU'tsr-at-Law Hu.^ard. Mi-.—A Flower Girl Hartley. E J—lloricrucitn Hermit Han, -VLiis—Titanic. liiii, iiiss—St'i'bgiit Jl.il.Uw.irth—Blue Beard Ecldswuitfi, Miss—Jfieirer Girl Holdsworth, Miss Etty—Flower Girl Holdsworth, J junr—footballer HoiularAon, M—Summer Shower Hannay, Miss-—Queen of Hearts Holmes, Mies 5—Galsuinda ■ Holme*, Mtea A—For^ot*Mo-Not Holmes, J—A Spaniard Holmen, G—Sailor Holmes, H—Jockey Hayes, J—Midshipman Hayes, W—Sailor Hayes, Mias E—Christina* Hayes, Miss M—Swiss Peasant Girl Hunter, F—Merchantman Apprentice Hunter, T—Nigger Hunter, Mia» E—Costume Beruftiso Hunter, Miss S—Little Bo-poep - Hunter, 'Alias L—Goody Too Shoes Holton, J—Klvino in " La Somaambula " Holton, Miss Ada—Bcndigo . Iiolton, Miss Kate—Advauco Australia Holton; Miss Lizzie— Colleen Bawn Honvood. H—Sailor ■ Horwoed, F—Sai.Ior Hnrwood. E—Sailor Honvo#ul, A—A Neprro liorwood. Miss A—Bride Ilattain, M C—Postman Hittam, Miss—Spanish Lady liattain, Miss A—Joy Hattam, Miss C—Aurora Hawkey, Miss—Milk Maid Hawkoy, Miss L—HuntrCBB Hawko}% Jockcy Ilnrnhucklc, A—University Student • Uiiriilmuklu, Miss F—Spanish Lady iloruliuckio. Miss E—Topsy Howard, F—Ga-rribaldi Howard, 15—Crinketer Howard, l_i—(3 arcon de I'oeti HetFernan, J—A Turk lletTernan, Mins J A—Queen of Folly Molfernan, Miss A—Shepherdess , Hetfrrnun, Miss—Spanish Peasant Hopper, Miss M—Dawn Hopper, Miss 15—Starlight Hasker, .Miss 11—Satanella Helm, Miss—Italian Feasant Girl Hemming, W—Don Juan Hemming, Miss ('—Daughter of the Regiment. Hemming, Miss T—A Ultana Hemming, Miss M—Queen of Clubs lluteliens. Miss 0—Dolly Varden. Huteliens, 1' II—Jockey HetVenian, Alias M—Spanish Peasant Harney, T II—Othello Jackson, \Y—(JharleH burfaco ( ochooi lor Scandal") Jack,son, mi—Dick Swiveller (from tho " 01(1 Curiosity Shop") Jackson, Miss Annie—Queen of the Roses Jackson, G H—Spanish Gentleman Jackson, C—I'age Jackson, Miss Maud—King Rene's Daughter Jackson, Miss Lizzie—Daughter of the Regiment Jackson, Miss Mabel—Dolly Vardon Jackson, John—Jack Tar Jaekuon, Miss Jilizabeth—Swiss Peasant Girl Jackson, Miss Amy—Bohemian Buy-a-broom Girl Jones, A W—Vico Versa Jones, Miss J—Senorita Jouoz .Tones, K D—Undergraduate University Kilgour, Mr—Czar of Russia lsirby, Huntsman King, II. J., Junr.—Gentleman 19th century Kennedy, J. 1'.—Romeo Kennedy, 1'. A.—Swiss Peasant Knight, J.—Sailor Latham, ——Spanish Cavalier Lupton, li.—Gentleman reign of Charles I. 1,upton, Miss A.—Indian,Kortune- tellor Lees, W.—'Gentleman .King-George II. . Lees, G.'—Grenadier George II. Lewis, F.—Welsh Gentleman of the 17th contury Lewis, .Miss—Welsh Lady of the 17tU contury Lloyd, Miss—Spanish Dancing Girl Lloyd, Blueco.it Boy Lawlor, Mi.ssM.—Old Mother Hubbard Lawlor, Miss—The " Flower" from Paddy's Laid Ley lioa.se, .Miss—Fairy L'ascellcs, Miss—Black Domino Lansell, Miss—Huntress Lansell, No character given .Maun, Miss—Snow Flake M'Intyre, John, jun—Captain Royal Navy M'lntyre, James K—Spanish Nobleman 14th Gen tun* MouUlen, Mr—Bavbe Bleue Moore, Miss—Goddess of Music Moore, Miss Liz/.ic—French Waiting Maid Merritield Mijs-Grcek Girl Monilield—Massuniello Muckay, R—Count Petrolowski Muudell, W—Naval Officer Meudoll, MissF—Dawn Meudoll, Miss C—Red Hiding Hood Macgillivray, Miss 10—Scutch Thistle Macgillivray, Miss M—Cinderella Maogillivray, Miss L—A Sailor Girl Macgillivray, Master P—A Pirat« Maooboy, Kodolph Macoboy, Miss A—Morning Star Maeoboy, Miss CTTlie Lily Elf Moors, M—Midshipman Moore, A—Footballer Moore, \V—Drummer Boy Mooro, Miss L A—French Waiting Maid Mackay, George—Frouch Count 16th Century Mackay, Angus, juu—Young Rob Roy Mackay, Miss—French Court Liitly Louil XIV. Mackay, Augusta—Dolly Varden Macdotigall, G—Aladdin, or the Wonderful Scamp Maedougall, Misa M—Britannia Macdotigall, Miss K—Normandy Peasant . Morn's, C—Barrister-,it-lar, Morris, S—Sandhurst City Fireman M'Lonnan, A—French Hussar Moody, J—Naval oilicer Moody, Miss—French Countess Moody, Miss Kva—Indian Princess M'Williams, Miss A—Flower Girl Melrose, W—Highland Youth Moirjse, J—Highland Youth Maynard, G—A Turk Maynard, Miss—1 'icduumte Peasant Girl Maynard, Miss M—Spanish Lady Maynard, Miss C—Red Riding Hood M'Urath, Miss—Si jamah Dancing Girl M'Grath, Miss D—Madame Angot M'Grath, Mis* M—Dutch Peasant M'Culloch, Miss M—Dawn of Morning M'Leod, Miss—Qtieen of Night Mathieson, \V D—Midshipman M'Kee, Miss L—Rainbow Millin, Miss E—Highland Lassie Milliu, Miss M—Advauce Auntralia Maedougall, 15 C Miss—Lady Clarence Macdougall, D C—French Middy Maeoboy, 1' —Midhat Pasha Nalder, F W—Othello Nicholas, - —Captain's Coxswain H.M.3. Inrin cible Nightingale, H—Sir Peter Teazle Nightingalo, Miss L W—Lady Teazle Nolile, Sailor Noble, Miss—Claretto O'Neill, II—Cricketer O'Neill, D E—Midshipman O'Hagan, Miss M K—An Angel ~ Orme, Misa P—Lily of the Valley Orme, Miss 10—Queen of the Daisios O'Connor, — Cricketer O'Connor, Miss A—lied Riding Hood O'Connor, Miss Cissy—Italian Lady Pollock, Miss—English Peasant Palmer, S II—The Ancient Mariner . f'enfold, Dr—Knight Templar Palmer, A—Captain of Perfect Cure Cricket Club Palmer, Miss B—Cock Robin Palmer, Miss M—Jenny Wren Palmer, Miss F—The Busy Bee Pryde, Miss—P easant Girl, Norway Pryde, Miss N—Cerise Petrie, J—Naval Sc..m..n l'otrie, G—Officer Royal Engineers Patterson, K—William Tell'a Son Patterson, T—Pat of Mullingar Patterson, Miss L—Truant Poarson, Miss—Christmas Parker, Miss J—Lurlino Pulford, W S—Gentleman 19th century Powell, J W—Don Cresar de Bazan Ralston, Miss—Night Reid, Miss—Swiss Peasant Reid—Highlander Ramsay, T—Football Coatnme Robertson, J—Hungarian Officsr Rossow, Miss—Anglo-Saxon Peasant Kamsay, Misa—Galatea Ramsay, Miss L—Harvest Queen ltoas, Miss May—French Girl Ross, Miss F—French Girl Reove, Miss C—Rococo Costume Reeve, Miss L—Spanish Dancing Girl Rob haw, Miss A—Swiss Peasant Girl Readc, C—Jules Gerard, the Lion Killer Reade, F—A Jockey Hemic, —A Swioo Peaaanfc Reade, E—General Garibaldi Rae, W A—Naval Officer Rae, G F—Naval Officer Rae, Miss C J—Tyrolese Maiden Reynell, W—A Sandhurst City Firemaa Rcynoll, Miss Lucy—Night Reynell, Miss Laura—Mario Antoinette Roberts, G—Touchstone Roberts, A—Page of reign of Henry VIII, Roberts, Miss J—Mistress Ford Richards, Miss B—The Astrologer's Daughter Richards, Miss C—Little English Christmas Richards, Misa—Mary Queen of Scots Roeder, — —Gentleman of time of Henry III. lvoeder, Miss J—Swiss Girl of Berno . Roeder. Miss B—Frankfort Peasant Girl Russell, Miss A—Norman Peasant ; Rankin, Miss G—Bavarian Buy-a-Broom Ryiner, Miss—Snowflako Rymer, Garibaldi Howe, Misa—Holly Shiress, Miss—Betsy Trotwood Shiress, Misa A—Soubratta Shiress, Miss M—Forget Me Not Stretch, Mifi.-:—Sister of Mercy Simpson, H—Rowing Costume 19th Century Smith, L L—Jockey Sliiress, —.—Midshipman Storr, \V—Sweep Stewart, Man-of-war's Man Stewart, C—Nigger Stewart, Bliss M J—Winter Simpson, Miss E—The Fairy Titana Simpson, L—Edward 6th Sclraler, 3? C H—Gentleman of tho 19th Century Stirling, Miss L—Snow Slobom, Miss S—Swiss Peasant Girl Slobom, Miss C—Spring Slobom, Miss A—A Daisy Sciallero, Miss L—Swiss tenant Girl Slack, Cavalier Sauerbery, A—Spanish Boy Sauerbery, Miss M—Trie Trie Sauerberv, Miss E—Italian Peasant Girl Smith, C L—Student Smith, G—Student Sterry, A—Midshipman Easy Sayer, W—Huntsman Shepherd, Alphcjnso Secorcbe, W—Geutloiuan of th» Nineteanth Centary Smith, L—A Jockey Tolinie, A—Midshipman Tolwie, W—Sailor . Thompson, Midshipman Thompson, Miae—Autumn Thompson, Mm Ji^-Bosebud Taylor, Miss M—Red Riding Hood Taylor, W B league, Miss—Star of Love TiloKcr, F J—Officer " Madame Angot" 1 ticker, Miss M A—Spanish Tambotlrino Girl Tucker, Miss A M—Mario Stuart Turnbull, Miss J—Italian Feasant Girl Van Damme, W M A—Melbourne Van Damme, H—Sarah Gamp Viui Damme, J F—Italian Pierrot Van Damme, Mias Caroline—The Enchantress Van Damme, Mias J—Prince of Orango Vahland, H—A Courier Russian Army Vahland, Miss—Ru&aian; Peasant Girl Vahland, Mia3 G—Swiss Peasant Girl Wilson, Tilo,3—Italian Brigand Wood, J—Football Costuino Watson, I J—Fronch Sailor Boy Watson, Misa Mary—Finlander Watson, Miss Minnie—French Sailor Girl Watson, G—Spanish Troubadour Wataon, Misa J—Donna Mariquita Wells, Miss E—Dame Durden Wells, L—Punch Wells, 0—Hungarian Peasant White, Miss A—Peasant, Time of Louis XV White, Miss N—Peasant, Time of LouiB XV Woodward, T—A Sailor Woodward, Mias E—Christmas Woodward, M—Queen of Folly Wills', F—Australian Cricketur Wells, A—Grenadier Guard Warren, Miss 1<—Scotch Bairn . Wiviron, MisB R—Winter Snow Wliyte, Misa J—Restoration Costume Charles II. Wnyto, Mias E— 1 Twin Sisters Wliyte, Miss S— ( Giroflii Girofla Williamson, T—Midshipman Wjlliamaon, R—Huntsman Wjlliamson, Miss S— Folly Williamson, Miss A—Madame Angot'u Daughter Weller, H—Jockey Wj:llor,.Mios Louisa—Folly WpUer, Mibs Lena—Vivandierc Welter, Mi'bs Minnie—Queon of Hearts Wjiuborn, W—Tom Bowling Wpbb, J—Rciue, Duke of Lorraine Wi'bb, Mias A H—Alsatian Girl Walker, — —Sailor Boy "Walker, Miss—Queen of Spain Watson, G D—Spanish Troubadour Wrixon, Miss C At—Ksrnerakla \Yheeler, H—Sir Pater Teazlo Wheeler, Misa L—Lady Teazle Wlieelsr, Misa J—Bohemian Peasant Wheeler, Miss Lilly—Red Ridint? Hood Wilkinson, Miss— 