A' A LUCKY TUMBLE: When Mrs. Snatcham asked, me " knowing my usual kindness," whether I would watch the baby in her cradle, "jast .for half-an hour," Ielt that .acrisisladcom I must leaje Mr Snatchati's \ l j r, 1 ]say sf. Snatcham'e, tor r. Suatoham nwas n ot'unduly ýr oiaiuin-ti is own hdusod He was a meek man, with tearful eyes. Mrs. Snatcham was-well, a woman with a will, "iid she had eyes that made you feel uncom fortable. I had been private tutor in this abode for. twelve ,monthea rMy chargo con= sistedlt f fnurfl?un`Jsgeatlemi ,, of estidg bodies and. perverse dispositions. They rreed inisintly'onll points save one. mint'their..lrlesd,'iAtr they combined heartily. Their cry was over " War to the knife 1" I had borne it all; I might have on-itinfed to bear it all, but no. I could- not take charge of the baby, even forhalf-an-hour. L must bid theSnatchams.a'lieu., ,; " I'vws-'loombily' ogittiting my next move ment when a letter arrived for me from the nly near relative I possessed, an old uncle, to whom I had written detailing my troubles. a mind to live in peace, an ddie wortli money, you forget all about your Latin and Greek and suclii'thiiig$ '`Fine 'tlihgs tbhy&'are, I dare say, but 1 never saw that they turned into much beef or mutton. You put your books in the fire, and your pride in your pok'clti;d'iover take it out: gain. (tNoh iknv ?l't\iwas;iu .early life, nophesi . I kept a shop--a general shop-in a country :tow.n,and I didn't ilo' so badly. Well I've just heard the goodwill and stock-in-trade of a shop of this kind, in a little, town fifty miles'frotn hlndoin; is'for'salei and say thh word, andI'll.buyftldor'you.,A And as your eduication has:been so neglected that you'd know nothing" of such a business, I'll come and steer you aright for a time, until fortune Humph ! I'gavo a itAp or two a th]ts rld :propneitionof- mytworthy relative. Private St-itorali, at the Suatchams' was poor enough but the keeping of " a shop of all Ports" in a sunity, town,.uedor, thoiguidlano. o .m?y good unicle I Well it was the old story, " We never know what we may come .to." And so I left the Snatchams and thetwenty pounds a year they gave me (by-the-by, I believ'e my successor 'reeivced only eighteen guineas, and did not object to mind the baby), and wrQte to my-uncle that JI .was ready to acoimpany him to t.id-thi shop. Alasi, for the vanit3 of human designs I News came back that my relative had dlied suddenly, and had "ldft the'whole' f'his'p'roperty to "the Sausage-makers' Benevolent Institution," of which he had-been a vice-president, in coin S"1I(to b hbis; gratrdelilit) yith h'llf:a dgon nu-bles-of the leand . . However. all the money needful on my accouunthad beed paid, aisd'rither tha?'return to the horrors of private tutorship I secured the seivices of an experienced shopman, and determined to try my fortune in the new direc tion so landed by my deceased relative. , Ido hot want to len;thenainmy story, :anf theiefore I will comprise a great deal in one shoraentence. I tried and I failed. T sooh liegan to perceive not so very far off, not the fortune my, uncle had foretold, but tii'nkrdpteijad the wriikhouse. 'Asd when these pleasant prosicctA eis'everi'diiiisotly to my mental viision, then it was I engaged to marry I Thus it happened. I became attached to the only daughter of a widow, living some ten idiles frommny abode. ,It-ras a speedy acquaintaince and a quick acceptance by the ydun lady, buts6mehow, the mother, without actuall objectiog, would not agree, and I pressed aiss Lucy.for the reason. L *.I ve toldyou, you are going to starva tion," I said. "My place is a failure, and in a month we shall be, in.the workhouse ; the prs'pects are; clearajidi charming;. and you ?are ?ilisatisfied. What is it then that troubles your mamma 1" " Well," inswei&d;'Luriy," itisveryfoolish of mamma to conceal from you something jw1vicll y ti'evidently;don'tknouo? though I -wonaer at yodurinornnce? Itris your-your establishment." ".?.',Shop; we.generally ,call:ait; Lucy 'bnt how do- " i - t ::" Don'?you' kndw-.it's hauted 1" t "Cannot say I do, and I don't care if it SButif I amis live with yot there, I care very much. They say, that for several ,iights after is dseath; old'JenkZ, -the former owner, was seen in his shop in a great night cap,.witha large earving-knife." A imost'formidablo and disagreeable sort of ghost, I must say; but how have you connection -with- old-Mr. Jenks has not come to yopo ears Neos, listenstome. 1But first sole;nly prnmisese'n"mll ip thepeatoh it I am about to tell you. There, hold-your 'tongue, and don't interrupt me. You are so 'fond-of hearing yo elftalk:. Men are so inuch g thak ~ iI'vetold you half ,thtinsth, and that ii more than you de serve. Well, the other half, which you miglt soeail hy ikdbown jffyou hlidino ,bCen-so stupid, runs thus :-My- mammtD3and M-'r. Jenks'were 'formerly near neighbours, and Mr. Jenks fall violentlyiin:love; with mnamma,. and offered her, marriage and ,mam ma refised him, and .Ir. Jenriks went mad, San d yl .esiited is "? Good graiions' . " "Wouiild hive kill~i hitisilf, bitso6iiib'ody Ikiioclied him' dd n' add the'piist?lt wenht off, 'and: mamnima ws?s hsiieding 6 '- by-l SWas -iearly killd' witth fright. Then, when Mr. Joaos came to his senses he was so eory,'andsthough lie iuld'thavrieiainmmk :(f6: shemniarriedl jiai,' and he lived many years) yet he made a .will in mamma's favour leaving her everything. He told mamma so positively one day when he was poorly taking somegruel. Then hedied ;butthouhlseareh was~made high and lod, _il will was f6oiud_ anida richlollheir.t-law came inlfore vefy thing. And there's the reason mamma can not bear that place. And, please what is to hbe done'" J It was crious~t story and I had not prosp o t L of loiig better a wered were the costs of removal o ,Pcome? fpom a SOi I said I must argue the point with ~rs. Brton and this I did and having overcome her OeFiplds it af teed the marriage should takoplac6 at once, and that we should all livre toether fand ace the ghost, if -need be, -mdLs¢hll wer? of imuochrosr i..'portance, and so Lucy and I were married, and ofb course, were supremely happy, and it was notonntil three writs had been served upon and four lawyer's letters had been sent me, soad the gas company had cut off the gas, and the landlord giveu me notice to quit; that Wiithi juitnlittcefeelieg of apprbhedsien!we began to consider what next. One night, after rather a long conference on'th--.Jtateof'affairs when" LuuyThlidhtap parently fallen into a deep sleep, I roused up suddenly, fancying I heard a -soimd below.' Very gently rising so as not to wake my wife, tI tof the room, an d too down .the-:iate. -into.?htcsahop.. A hittl?light entered through some te apertures at the top of the shutters, and ,tc.myn.astoniohsnnnt and alarnn I saw a figure in whito behlind the conunter, in the act, as it seemed of opeing one of the ecanisters. Wa it Mr. enks' mghost ! The light was itiutfficicnt to show m more than the bare outline of the figure, snu t the slight move ment of thehars, watchedwiethra r a beating heartI confess, for a minuteo, and then I thought that before seking, closer qtuartere with what might be an apparition, but which much more brobably was a burglar in his shirtslecves, [ woolddon somegarmonts -so, rofrisning from going back to the bed-room _and frighteniing my wife, I went to an upper 'room and procured sorns there. Then I again: descended, and the figure was gone. I went into the shop: all was in order. So, much marvelling, I went to bed., When next morning I.told the story my companions were scrred. . " Let us go- let us get out of the unlucky place," said my wife passionately. " What; e~ve there is, Harry, sell it at an ' alarming sacrifice,' and then you must get a secretary ship under Government, or a judgeship in the colonies, or something of that kind. Mammma's sixth cousin's husband is--is- well, I forget lwhat he is, but there's some counce tion or other between him and a member of Parliament, aud he must do something for you, that'swhatitcomes to. Sonow, please, w'ell go as soon as possible." It was painful, but itwasJ nesary, toex plain to mny'dear young wife that the powers of her mamma's distinguished relative, even should he be willing to exert- them, were probably limited. Lucy would not believe it. And the letter was written-and was not answered, ' Well,'now for the workhouse. 'And upo~n my word I do think something dreadfuli would have occurred, but A few nights on- again that'sou-ud': " Lucy," I said gently, but she didt not rounie,' and I thoughtperhaps I had betternotdisturb' her. It wasquite dark as I very quietly a dressed in part, and ilhen stepp~dout on to the' ] stairs. Again, alittlelightofvyioreairlymorn. I nsg coming through the ahutteirs revealed faintly a white figre behindthe conruter in i the shop, its arms wpvipg toand fro, and its head bending ov'er i tliogh speaking to a coustai er."I'traitnedi my eiys; cbutnoiling zoiir6'conld, Imake out thanthat theohead of thelfiguretwasitvhite:ard iii r.i .It must be:the veritnble Jeiks,; IIsaidto syelf;'.and that itas niihtcaip. iWhereis the crinvig.kaiifethough ?'- :"" '.:'.c ..v ,o,. -.One would have : thobght.Jther apparition heard ineoforit moved aside, took something ?in'd:aved :it'in' the air.'- It wassm' , shop Icnrving.kiife. . -:::- 5d! f ?:lou -Presently, the figure rose,; and .:began ,.to ascend the stairs..; It was' anhaid :matter to stand my.ground, hut Idid,.nd theni Iesaw before' me Lcy. my wife l,, Sheowas walkikng insher sleop. Fearing to wi ke oher; I atood aside to.let her pass, and my foot slipped," and I fell heavily to the bottom of the stairs.:,as:: .Directly all.was confusion. :.Mrs.iBnrton, the shopman, and our small servant ran:! out of their bedrooms ; Lucy,tn awaking,. shrioked and!fainted.,, EBnt.I was the wvorst off.' -So hieavypWid beenmiy fall thatIshad: actually broken in..the -flooring at the ifoot:oft'.the staircase, and it was. with.o somoedifficulty they extricated:me.'. : i' 0 Putting my hands behind :ome,; to dassist thyself, they.touched"v1liat' seemed to ihe a hisall leather.bag. I drew it forth.:. .I: :', 0 "A.money-bag, I declare,'i andu full., of doins I'. SThe shopman anod-the small'maid hadre' treated, having respect for the -proprieties, but my wife and her moth:erlooked' onwilth astonishment. ... ' .-,: is 0 "'Sure enough money," I eontinuedjinglii?g the contents of the bag. "Why," there must have been some secret receptacle there where my venerable predecessor kept his valuables. Here is a paper. Good gra- hatl'in the' world is this ?';"., .: i; e;IThey. bent over my shoulder as by the, ight of.a solitary candle: I read the;:endorsoment \-- The Will of Simon Jenks." ,,?Itiwasns not. m any cover, so we read it at once.,!It:l was very short, and was roughly drawn and written, as though the form had been copied. But,i?was. duly.?itnessed.lndrwaspeeetr ely To wiligoa e ",.,.Ic ,.ý r;, ,1The testator bequeathed all his proprty, to Lucy weihad drawn breath- Avery lucky ttnblc,'. I ail, .and my bhi~ses, are cored already." " r " r," : r .l The will was proved under £.°,000, . ::' .. ;, ·? = · " .. - ..j .. . ,?, 