Miscellany. A JAPANESE GHOST STORY. 1 In Japan; bb in all other countries, im agination claims to havo its wants supplied by the wonderfnl and incomprehensible, and therefore in the face of snob need wonders will never cease out of world, The student of nature's mysteries, nnd the villagegossip who tells ot ghosts, and doubles, and wraiths, are both in their different ways satisfying their craving lor the wonderful. Even the wildest talcs have n certain value, for scat, tercd as they nro through every laud, thoy often serve to perpetuate tho record of old customs and to mark tho steps of social his tory. Ghost stories then the Japanese have as blood-curdling, hair-erecting, flesh-creep ing, aB tho most ardent lover of tho marvel lous could desire, and at this holiday Benson, when the pitiless rain and sleet keep the morrymnkers in doors, and the shutters are oloBedin, and the sake cup goes round merrily from hand to hand, (is tho timo to tell them to an audience certain to appreciate them. How impressively the narrator half tolls, half acts tho thrilling tale, while the girls clasp aud hide behind each other in an ocstnBy of terrified onjoyment I Ono of tho moBt original of these tales tho writer of this paragraph recently heard, uad as it differs from tho common run of ghost stories it is hero given, though wo wish we could convey an idea of the art with which it was told. In former times — indeod some Japanese say that it is not very long since that tho dreadful practice was abandoned — it was tho custom, when any new palace, castle, or fort was in ccurso of erection, to bury one or more living men beneath the foundation, generally at the foot of the principal sup porting pillars. Those who wore com mitted to this frightful grave wore called hito-bashira, or human pil lars, and thair immolation was supposed to conduco to the strength and solidity of the bnildiog, Tho sacrifice was somotimee mado voluntarily, the victim being induced to give his consent by the promise of deification, his spirit being afterwards worshipped under the name of Inarisama, or some other deity. More frcqnently, however, the premature burial was a forcible one. For instance if no voluntary victim was forthcoming, advantage was taken of any snch accident as one of the workmen falling into the excavation of tho foundations when instead of any helping hand being ex tended to him, ho was ruthlessly buried by his fellow. workmen, or orushod beuoath one of the mighty supports. At other times, the victim waB built up iu tho massive walls, either as a hito- bashira, or as a punishmont for somo offence. Thnt legends of spiritB haunting scenes where the cruel mardors of their bodieB had been perpetrated should be numerous is natural ; and the following inci dent was told as having occurred at the rosia dence of one of the princes of Kaga. There, it appeared, that some poor wretch had been immured nt the building of the palace, a (act of which the inmates of one of the rooms were suddenly mado aware by a human leg protruding from the wall, and moving about in a most uncomfortably lifelike manner. The consternation which this ghostly leg caused throughout the caBtle can be imagined. Some of tho retainers, more daring than the rest, had the courage to attempt to clasp it, bat its power wsb so great, aod tho kicks it ad ministered were so tremendous, that no one had the temerity to repeat his efforts. At last, one of those present struck probably by tbo unwashed appearance of tho log, sug gested that it might be soothed by the ads ministering of a bath, The hint was acted on, and tho leg with a satisfied flourish put itB foot in tho cold water, only, however, quickly to withdraw it and kick over the tub, The enmo ingenious rotainor who had suggested tho bath pro posed that warm water should be snbi stitutcd, and this proved to be so grateful to the tireless limb that it allowed its foot to remain qnietly therein. On one of tho male retainers, however, endeavouring to wash the leg, it administered to htm so sound n kick that ho wbb very fain to desist from any further attempt at couciliation, At last a buxom maid-servaut, suddenly struck with tho truly feminine idea that, while it re belled against boing attended to by a mnio hand, it might become more gentle under a woman's gentle touch, voluutecrcd to ate tend to its ablutions, and Buro enough the leg, with evident gratitndo, accepted the welcome ministration ; and after having been gently washed and carefully dried, it waved a graceful farewell to the assembled company, and retired for the night. But this wbb not the last of it, Every ovening thereafter at the aame time the nnwelaome visitor camo for its bath, which was always carefully prepared for it. Bat it is a siognlar fact that it could never bo got to overcome its dislike for cold water, and that it showed its affection for the good-natured maid-servant, who wbb told off specially as its attendant, by kicking over most un« mercifully any ono else who attempted to touch it.- — Japan Mail, 