BATHtfRST. (From a correspondent.) Within the past week, the heat, which had attained a degree of intensity almost tropical, has considerably abated. Some will have it that the unnatural and excessive temperature is the result of Chiniquy's visit to the fair City of the Plains. Whether the fact be so or not I cannot presume to say, but that the seed sown during liis brief stay has produced its natural crop already in the shape of no small amount of ill feeling, ' bad blood,' and a general revival of bigotry, no one who has the least knoAV ledge of tho state of society can fail to see. Several warm admirers and devout disciples of the strolling apostate are hay ing their eyes gradually opened, and begin ning to see that the anti- Popui-y crusader was not quite such a god-send as they had imagined. Rumour tolerably reliable has it that since the Chiuiquy mission in Bathurst several local busi ness houses, whose proprietors 'plumped' out and out for the reverend renegade, have not seen the faces of their Catholic customers as often as previously. Now, Popery and idolatry are naturally indigestible food for orthodox, bible reading, private-judging Christians, but their Popish pounds, shillings, and pence are not liable to contagion from the doctrinal errors of their misguided owners. Thus it is bigotry and iin charitableness are always sure to bring their own punishment. In connection with the visit of the venerable humbug there is rathe)1 a fierce controversy going on at present in the Bathurst Times. A letter appeared in that paper during Chiniquy's stay in Bathurst. Some extremely awkward questions wero put to tho 'pastor' by 'Tolerance,' the writer of the letter. The holy man sent a feeble reply, taking care to steer clear of the awkward questions. Thereupon a valiant pair of the votaries of -private iudement entered into tho lists against the intolerable 'Tolerance.' A perfect ' Invincible Armada ' of contro versy was tho result, at least so thought tho doughty champions of the veteran high priest of blasphcmj'. The ghosts of Ridley, Latimer, Huss, and 40,000 victims of the Bartholomew massacre were conjured up to show how Popery loves to revel in tho blood of those who dare to read the Bible. In to-day's Times a rejoinder appeared from ' Tolerance,' and his letter looks very like the coup do grace of the Chiuirnn ites. If the samples of the style of his adversaries which ' Tolerance' gives be accurate, and I have no reason to doubt the fact, this brace of controversialists richly deserve being put under surveillance by the society for the pre vention of cruelty to the English language, if there be such an institution. November 20. 