TIMOTHY WARE, ESQ. - Mb. TiMoinr Wabb stood at his garden gate and looked down the road. You might have noticed him, ' perhaps, as you passed along— a wrinkled, keen-eyed, elderly man. Now elderlineBS, I take it, ia farther oft from the eweet ripeness and flavour of old age than youth itsolt. To bo elderly presup poses some thinness ot blood,' some sort of inexpressible poverty of nature, snob, as there seems to be all about this region where T. Ware's homa It looated— a lango/of leng, low-lying, uneasy hillocks that could novor settle themselves to anything; a sandy, incapable stretoh of threadbare, grass and stunted woodland. ... It was not an easy thing to imagine just that over the south ridge lay a smiling and fruitful oountry, a' thrifty settlement of Quaker farmers, who held themselves, per haps, a little too muoh aloof from this inhos pitable neighbourhood. . ' It was a chill October afternoon, and the low slant rays of the setting sun looked' furtively oat from a blue-blaok ridge of oloud over' tho garden and the garden's owner. There had beon a frost overnight, whioh had wiped out almost every lingering vestige of summer-time. A few eldorly beans clung shrinkingly to their poles in the bleak back ground ; a scanty patch of corn rustled its sere leaves forlornly in tho wind, with here and there a pumpkin ripening sparsely be tween, and turning out its yollow rotundity to the sun, as resolved, tp put the best faoe on things that was possible ; while, tall and stark, a row of sunflowers, flapping gauntly above tho edge, overlooked tho desolation. As old Ware stood there at his gate and looked about him, with hiB faded red cap on his head and his lank drossing-gown clinging about him, he seemed verily a part of the frOBt-bitten scene, illustrating it feebly, like .nn ill-out frontispiece in a badly printed volume. Yet there was a tradition that he had onoo upon a time been the ohief figure in a great concern somewhere in town, and that in some forgotten period long ago the old weather-beaten houBo had flaunted gaily in a now coat of paint and bright green shutters, and was bright with new carpets and curtains to welcome a coming bride. But all that was so far away now that people had forgotten the date, and could not recall that they had ever been interested in any thing concerning old Ware. Tin Ware, Esq., the boys called him — a nickname based, perhaps, on a floating legend of miser-made wealth stowed some where away in the loose clap-boarding of his tenement, or perhaps intended briefly to boar testimony to the value set upon him in the community — Tin Ware, Esq., was not a popnlar man among the lads of tho village. They bad a persistent inclination to hoot him, to gibe at him, and to torment his lean, ill-tempered dog, which followed his master everywhere with a snarling and objectionable faithfulness. The boys, oonBideijng all these things, felt themselves called upon to vindi cate tbe claims of justice by robbing old Ware's orchard and breaking into his melon patoh. Things in this way were brought to a sort of balance. I mysolf saw one day, as I passed his fence, a huge charcoal placard, reading thus: B. Ware of the DAWG. And many a bare-legged youngster, I have no doubt, hid sniokering in the jiedge at the sight of old Ware slowly deciphering the scrawl in wrathful Bpectaoles. Bat very few besides the boys ever troubled the old man with attentions, either for good or ill. He seemed to have slipped from the mind of both men and fate — an elderly, shrivelled old figure whom Time had forgot ten to dignify with grey hair. He looked up and down the road keenly with his frosty blue eye, not as a man who expected anything or anybody, but simply beoause it was bis habit to look sharply. And yet as this north-easterly glance swept the road, there came along it something far from unpleasant to look upon — a grey figure in a Quaker bonnet. There would have been a smile of welcome in almost. anybody's oye as the plump quiet Quaker faoe of Bebeooa Rhodes approaohed, but not a spark kindled' in old Ware's flinty grey orbs. ? ; Bebeooa's well-kept acres lay just beyond him, over the south ridge, and all about her farm-house was trim and tidy, olean and wholesome, as Bebecoa herself. It must have been the lovo of contrast that bro slit her in range of Timothy's dilapidated surroundings ; but of all living tbings in the village Beboooa alone had a good word for him, and stopped of an odd afternoon sow and then to wish him good-day over the gate.. ????'-. ? 'I have brought thee a loaf of sweet bread, neighbour,' said she. ' I'd an uncommon good baking this week, and I thought thee might not take it amiss to try a loaf.' She held forth in hor white plump hand a snow white napkin, opening its folds temptingly as she did so. 'I'm wanting naught,' was the gruff reply. ' Week-old bread's good enough for me, and I make no doubt it might be far better for some other folk than the dainty trash they're set upon — women-folk least way e.' The blood oame into Bebeooa's calm face, but there was no vexation in her answer. ' Thee'd never set aside an old friend like that, neighbour,' she oaid. 'Nay,1 nay; I recommend thee try the loaf. It's spoken well of, ib my sweet broad, the country round. Tbee will not shorten thy days muoh by just one trial, and if thee likes it not, I'll never trouble tbee' again.' ? Even tbe imperturbable face of old Ware shows a Blight smile at this mingling of acerbity and sweetneas, but he . makes no demonstration. . ?-,... 'I'm on my way to see old Betsey,' says Bebecoa, quietly extending her hand and plaoing the loaf on the gate post. .'She's, one of the town poor—or rather one of 'the Lord's poor, I think, for she doesn't belong to this township. Poor old Betsey I' One might have imagined- that old Wars' gave a sort of start juBt now, as if an invisi ble elebtrio shock had struct him. He was not used to hearing sympathotio talk of any kind. It tried his nerves, probably. 'One of the wretohed vagrants that are pauperising .the oommunity, ' wandering hither and yon,' growled Timothy. 'Ay, ay, neighbour,' says Kebeooa; softly and wistfully; 'a hard time they have of it, poor things ! And 'this many a year has Bho been a wanderer, and a vaga bond on the face of the earth, has poor old Betsey.' ' She' takes tho white-oovered loaf absently with her large shapely hand, looks up and down the road with thoughtful grey eye, sighs softly, and goes her way, leaving loaf and napkin dipping tbo gate-post. And there you might have seen it at' night-fall;' and long after night-fall, if you had ohanoed tb'at way; for hadn't Timothy ? told the woman he didn't want it? And was he tbe man to demean himself by removing it after that ? And your speculating on tho singular b I ?bornness of the human heart would not have been lessened had you caught Bight of him, by the flickering oandle in his upper window, sitting there motionless, with an eye on the gate below. Perhaps he expected Bebeooa bapk after her gift. I do not know. 'She's one of the t6wn poor, is old Betsey,' said Bebeooa, meekly, and said 'it msekly year after year, striving to allure the vagrant old woman into feeling at home on the charity list of the good towns-folk, and to rest her aching old bones in the town poor-honee. But old Betsey was not to be trapped. ; ' '?' ?'??-??»???'-. ,-..??? If one must be poor and ragged, at least let one have' plenty of fresh-air leisure, cays old Betsey. To be a pauper and a drudge both is a little too muoh. And to be preaohed to and prayed over and hedged in right and left, and to: scrub work-bouse floors and loonr work-house knives, all for a; bit of bread— h»h I. that is all unbearable, says old Betsey, shrugging her bonyshoulders under her ragged Bhowl, and setting out warily on her everlasting tramp. She iB an incorrigible vagrant, utterly foreolaimable. Perhaps Bebeooa thinki a half- fleagsd thought like this when she finds her prey . has escaped her and is fairly on the road . ? again, '' - '? ?? '' ?? ? ? ?.:?:. On the road again, untamable, ragged, : hungry and free.- She walks at a rapid, ? uneven pace, her thin shawl fluttering in the wind, her untidy slippers flapping at her - heels. It growB dusk aB she steals along; the road is dreary with cloud and shadow, and with a mooking moon that gloains oat now and then, dodging vioiously alter this grey old ghost of a woman flitting below. There is a white object there ahead of h6r — somothing tall and queer, with a round white ' head. The vagrant swerves a minute out of her way, surveying it furtively. Then she - puts forth her claw-like hand and olutohes ? greedily Bebecca's sweet, dainty loaf. Aha I- what a good 'providenoo is here t Ah! can it be that fate should come, for onco in a way, with sweetness and luxury in her hand for an old .pauper, and night and darkness, to devour it in ! Bewildered with pleasure, old Betsey hags the dainty under her faded shawl. There is a crash then, as if the heavens were falling; a shout that curdles her thievish blood ; a rough hand is laid upon her with vyoe-like grasp. Law and jaBtioe seem to have come down bodily. upon the marauder ; but it is only old Ware, who has been watching from his window. His hand is raised to strike the thief — the thief with vagrant and vagabond written all over her ; in her vulpine oyes,-hor Jong blue nose, her skinny, claw-like hand. The woman shrinks back, ooworing against the gate post, with a wheezy congh ; the old shawl falls away from her face. Out comes the moon, and sails along with a sinister ray pointing right down on the shivering, crouching figure and on the countenance that for one instant upturns toward the OEsailant. ' My God f' ories Timothy. And that- is all. HiB hand falls at his side, he turns and walks back to the house, leaving the wretoh to her plunder. . The wretoh is a mere animal, after all — a bunted animal, it is true, with all tbe greed and cunning of such. She makes her way somewhere with her prize — it doesn't much matter where. But there comes up a storm at midnight, a blinding, blood- ohilling storm, that might make the veriest tramp thankful for shelter. Old Ware, sitting motionless in his upper chamber, hears the rafters shake overhead. He listens: perhaps, he is afraid the old hoose will come down over his head. The wind raves and shrieks about window and doorway. He gets up by- and-bye, and lifting the dripping sash, looks oat into the road. He sees nothing ; no boys will rob his melon patch to-night, and no beggar come whining to his gate., Afar off, where the road circles toward the south land, old Betsey has crawled into the shelter of a wayside barn. No, there is nothing to be seen anywhere ' about. Timothy shuts the window with a shudder, and crawls to bed. A week after this, Bebecoa, eweet and tintless as a snow- drop, stops at the gate onco more. ' Old Betsey, my poor old vagrant, left us last night, neighbour,' ehe EayB. ' The blankets and pillows thee sent were a very great charity, but she needeth our charity no more.'1 ? . ? ' No more ?' repeated old Ware, vacantly. ' She diod laBt night,' answers Bebeooa, . , and her lip trembles a little. There is no reply. Bebecca does not break the long, long pause. She is used to the old man's moods. Finally she seta her face to the road again ; it is getting late. 'Bebecoa,' Bays the old man, abruptly, plaoing his buny hand upon hers—' Bebecoa, you— you needn't put her in Potter's Field. She mightn't rest easy, you know.' . 'I have no suoh superstitions, friend,' said Kebecca, smiling sweetly. ' It can make very little difference to her now where she rests, poor nameless wanderer.' 'She had a name once.' Bavs Timothy. ? standing erect, with a strange flush on hi! face. ' A bright and beautiful woman onoe was my wife, Elizabeth Ware.' A long and weary winter has passed; a summer has brightened and faded ; the autumn twilight is settling- softly on bloom and barrenness, as old Ware BtandB at hie gate onoe more, leoking down the road. In his hand is something wrapped in- white, which he seta upon the gate post as a grey clad, graceful figure comes walking up the road. . .-...:-.. 'Bebeooa,' he sayB, 'I return your napkin.' ' Nay,' says Bebecoa, reoogniBing her own initials— ' nay, friend, I have an abun danoe — ' 'Open it,' interrupts tbe old man, abruptly. The gentle Quakeress is used to humouring his moods, and as she untieB the linen, a diamond ring rolls glittering out upon ita edge. There is a box of shining trinkets within, and a small gold watch. j 'They wero all hers once, in the old times,' says old Ware, huskily, ' before she left me. You may keep 'em for her Rake, an' ye will.' He. pauses; there ib no an-: swering movement from Bebecca. . 'Or,' he adds, with irritation and sndden energy, 'I'll just heave 'em overboard when I quit here for good and all. Yes, I'll quit here for good and all. I novor bnd no home nor' no frionds — she spoiled all tbjt — and I may as well finish it -out that, a-way.' . ' . .. ? ; Eebeoca olearB her- throat. ' It has long been borne in upon me, Friend Timothy,' she says, in a high, constrained voice, as on« who delivers a difficult message — 'it has long been borne in upon my mind that thes is living too much alone. There is none to look after thee,' or fixthee up a bit comfort- ; able for the winter ; and I have had a clear ' leading from the Lord which I have Buffered hitherto to . be. hidden in my heart — it ia that I should offer thee a home with me, Neighbour Timothy, if bo be it seoma good in thy sight.' 'A home 1' said Timothy, looking up query ingly at, his weather-beaten old man' ? ston.. ' Ai how, Bsbecca ?' ; As how, Bebecca P There waa; a group el small hoys hidden just below the hedge, ia the opening where, the great 'apple-trot' dropped its fruitage on either side the' rails. Tom and Jim and Diok were there, hare legged, and'Bly as weasels.' Of course tha dppleB belonged to them on that side the fence; but then night was the safest tim* for getting them. There was no withstand ing the logio of old Ware's dog by any 'argument of justice and fair play.~ 'Th» twilight had quite faded now, o, pale moon shone in the heavens, and there at the gate stood k-Eehecca, with her! hand in Timothy's. ; ? ? '-: '?' ????? ?''?' '?Whist, fellows! whist! ye needn't t» run,' cries Toin. ' She's gbin1 to have him for her ole man. ; Bully for her 1 She'U never Bet the dawg onto a feller.' ' ?''?' \ And with full pooketa and beating hearta - the youngsters file off past old -Ware's very' gate. Tom gives a loud whistle when' fha fe»t is. achieved, and stands a moment looking baok with an eye of approval. 'I knew it all. .along' back,' says Ion, oracularly — '(source I. did; didn't I se»'; ole Tut Ware looking down that 'ere road time an' agin arter her P Why, «JU could sweeten a crab-apple, Bhe could 1' ' I And I think that she did, for the boys ot the village had a grand dinner one day, at which Mr. Ware and his Quaker brid* .walked down among them, smiling right ' and left, and Tom and Diok ntddti know ingly to eaoh other and said, X' I told yoa 80/' .?', .-? , ; .' ? ....:. ... ,- v; 