[?] BIT THB AnTHPBOFTKKPBIKSTS QPTflBNttK 'Wby, what can he eMf eaid Miae'Enoarby; 'nothlag has1 turned up.' --j-i-- -?r- Mt seenie ;to me very remarkable ttat notrgie elichtost elite haaever beea found either to. we young lady or bet ninrderer,' said ilisa Glynn. 'itisstrangBretillUiatriooheseemstotiiiTetoen suspecteoL' ' ?f ? ' . ????''. ..?.:' ' Ob, there was epougtt end to spars of suspicion/ said Miss ' jjnderby, firing up. ' People were base enough, to fix the crime on my godson, and die paternity of Dors too— that is, is their -ms minds ; tliey could prove nothing, of course. Bless you, there's plenty to suspect him to this day, -which makes bis conduct to Bore the more noble, job see?' ' ? ' ' ~ ?'???? ???' ??' It was well that Uiss Enderty could not fathom her companion's thoughts. So perfect b stranger as Miss Glynnvras to Sir Itichard'e whole cbBTBCter, ?could only 1)8 expected to judge of the facts at she found them ; end from the first she had been in clined to believe that he kriew more than fas had revealed to her. Hie havin/; been suspected to such an ertent by those who Wire on the spot impressed her greatly, *nd accounted eufficiently for the shy ness of their neighbours. ' Poor Dora] would she also suspect him in the and? and to What an ex tent would be himself see lit to enlighten berf Hies CHynn's disquietude deepened to feverish dis tress.' ' ' ' ''.' ' ' I never saw you lookingeo sad as you both do on this happiest of days,' Dorfl remarked, duricg breakfast 'And youiare no appetite— you are positively not eating anything ?' ' Neither are you, Dora,' said Miss Glynn. 'Joy takes one's appotite away, I think— at least such joy as mine does,' said Dora. 'Do you mean to meet our dear Sir Itiohard with, that dolorous face, godmother?' ' Miss Enderby groaned. 'I'm older than you, Dora, and experience has taught me to feel, above anything elBe, awed in the presence of a great expectation. I confess that to see you so very hopeful makes me sad.' ' l'et the anticipation of happiness is said to be the best part of it,' ' That is what I would say myself.' 'Then don't seek to deprive me of it. But the happiness I am anticipating is £ure to come: ' I Bhul see bun, speak witbl bin. Oh, I can under stand that it will oe almost too much to bear 1 Sea, Hr. Ogden is coming 7 and I'll warrant he's almost as restlessly joyful as! am.' ' Mr. Ogden, however, entered the room with a long face and a remarkably staid manner. To bo sure, he waB getting aged, and infirmities were creeping upon him; Tiiit his «piriti was' unsub dued; and there we fire enough in hiseyes to light up on occasion; lie was asked to take some break fast,-but had breakfasted already, . . - . 'iteally.and not in a make-believe way? said Dora/kindly. Mr. pgden Rooked at her nervously . and reddened, both wmarkable circumstances, as he 'was nit * nervous man, find never reddened ex cept when in-»ge. ? - ?To tell you the truth, Miss Dora,' he said, * ceither ' Abby adr I could touch '» morsel this mortung. It 'plays the deuce with us old folks to havea great call on onr feelings. I've been trying my hand nt the ode I told you about,. Miss Enderby ; I'm not ?satisfied ^th myself.- It's odd now, so pleased and proud as I am, I couldn't get the expression up to what I wanted it, and I'm afraid it'll only be a lame welcome after all. Three times I'd a kind of warning that I couldn't do it, and three times 1 gave it up. I finished it, too, but it's unworthy of him, and unworthy of me.' 1 'Oh. I know ; if s something about Sir Iticbard ! ' exclaimed D6ra. as be placed a small manuscript in the hands of Miss Enderby, who put on ber spectacles end opened it. ? ' A poor attempt at a congratulatory address on Bir Biohard's return, crowcod with honours, to his old home,' said 2Ir. Ogden. 'A great occasion i and one that demanded some honouring notice from' me, bnt if s a failure ; it's a failure 1'. . He might have been conftrmeain uue opinion oy tba blank look 0! Miss Enderby's face as nhe read tfce production to herself. Dora marvelled'a little, it being the first time -that she had known Hr. Ocden to be dissatisfied 'wlthhimMslf. Miss Glynn pondered on bis warnings, thinking.they might be significant. ? Perhaps you are not the best judge of your own ?productions,' Dora kid (she had olten thought so in earnest). * May we not have it read aloud, god mother P' 'Certainlynot/saidMiss Enderby, with decision, as she folded the pappev. ' We all come to the de cay of our powers, Nathaniel, and it is wisdom to take warning and not make fools of ourselves. We'll have no ode to-day, and you may put this in the flre. King the bell, Dora, and let us have the table cleared.' Dora obeyed, and stood for some time gazing it ihe fire. The dead silence that followed Misa Ettderby'B speech was not broken1 when the servant had [aft the room, and she presently turned and looked at tbe three, sitting there dumb and dieraal be muteB at a funeral : What could be the matter with them? Mr. Ogden's melancholy was to be accounted for by the failure of his ode; but the sudden seriousness of the other two remained to be accounted for. Presently it struck her that efaewas not wanted there, and only too glad to escape such dismal company, she walked out of the room without Question. . . . . ? We thinking of her that upset me,' said Mr. Ogden, in a half-whisper, when Dora had dis '^MTou're sore to put the failure somewhere 'out of yourself, Nathaniel,' said Mibs Euderby, sharply. ?And ife gpmething for you that you'll »Uow it to be a failure atalf. I Rive 1 you my word I never came across such wretched doggerel, and to speak the truth, you haven't written anything worth reading for many a year. It's bo loss, for there's something else to be thought about besides odes. I expactwa ehall have that child in hysterics, for you know what Bicaard &rimsbawju;,iin flash and hardihood, and expecting everybody to be satisfied with evorythinghB does. fiowttpBetyouf.-flave you discovered at last that Bichard Gnmshaw way be as wrong-beaded as other men?' ' I don't know that I can own to that,' said Mr. Ogden. 'I fancy there isn't another head in the kingdom than could eome up to Ms for clear, sound reasoning. He always had,* reason for everything he Sid, ana luevsr found him wrong. He mayn't iewronglerejtBiiadatJ^ittotBntion, you may be«ure; hot I do wish jtwasover- rftbout Miss Dora; I mean.*' ' ','',' 'Eh, I am glad to Bee you wince at last !' ex claimed Miss Enderby, quite spitefully. 'So, as you've upheld him in all bis doings, especially about keeping this cbildintiie dark, I expect she'll owe nobody any thanks when it all .comes jDut,ahd\ ehe finds iersBif apything^ut what she expected -'Come now, who,, has upheld bun in oil his doings more than yourself; and what con you i*M^egpeciaUyonmej'/wed%9£a?n» witha, flash in his eyeo. , , -? , . ., .. .-.. 'Don't beginto lecture, Nathaniel; , You know, rewwell-thatlwiebed Dora ttujjbtJje tow every thiSg long ago, and toatyou ftlways|ook part with Bicbud dgaitist ma, Hortpn actgd with more setose ; he wassgainst the coacealment all along, a.id aow he wont have himself tp blame/ . ' *Jfs no discredit to have ?ithstooa a heavy hea3sfl, caxeless animal lite Sam Hortpn ; one, too, that'fl turned out-and- out traitor tp old Iriends,' 6aidM-. Ogden, contemptuously ?Horton's heavy- headed, I know, «nd careless enough, or be wouldn't h»v» married an idiot, and then J)utnp with her; but 0i always maimain thBt i-6 has ' B good heart; find I dont see in'any thlnft fce'« done tha treason that you see. That'* wtatlsbaUeaytoSirKichard. Tou eliok to the point; it isnteo clear to you Mlt was that to keep EhiBchiiain titter ignorance -until Sow has been lost Mid right f ? it ell comes of having s woman to bother ope,' caidHr. Ogden, who was sore for several xeasons, sad showed it. 'Abby is been whimpering ibout ^TissBora ever since sheheard what ilie Squire was co^ntaR for, and she basin a mannet infected me. leUrltaU Tight enough eo long as I trusted to my own intellect; and it's only tbe womanish nonsense about feelings that has put me at fault.' \- Hoity-toity 1 Tou came here prating »bout your intellect, and boasting that you're so more feeling thai) you caa borrow, and sneer at us be c&userou; own heart is as dry as a mummy^s 1 k pretty' 'worlfl it would be, if there wbs nothing to ttust to beside intellect; and as to your contempt for women, Bir, you'd betterito home and read your Bible before venturing ?gain to pronounce -an opinion (as to ttra worih Of the {eeliogs that are Ctod^Clft. A tig for your inteiient, if it-only teaches you to be as conoeit«aM*-pe»oock, and w b-rd»s liflin^r- : ? ??? - - ??? Sadsnd hstvy aa Hiss GJynnS heart wu, sh«- could scarcely help laughing outright to see bow completely Hiss EndBiby 'was xeppdiating the pro feSBed opinions of her -wholeTife. To be sure, she hid never been able to act up to tbem, Jbut«tieb»d so *ttenuously exalte^ the intellectuel cv*r tils emotional, that to uear her openly advocate »con- ta^ry-dpetrine was a marrel, KatbB.niel wa«'tp{- much token aback to lie 'amused,* Slid *ttto -sku^i trouMad in inind, as welt as personally aggrieved, to put forth a conciUatoTy spirit. So the two qla and close friends parted in mutual high dudgeon for the flrnt time, and just when they ought to bare united for counsel and rapport. CHAPTER XIX. TEE UXEm'g. ' At ttrelra o'clock the sun shose out brightly, making the hoar frost that lay on the ban branches of the trees sparkle. Veritable Christmas trees they looked to be, hiugwith rarest gems, and Dora, in whom the love of nature was strong, suit . veyed them now and then in admiration, as she paced the broad gravelled walk in front of the hall, to and fro. Except the trees, there was' nothing to be seen in the vicinity of Fulwood. Tbe park, that extended nearly s mile votti end south, and half a mile east andweet, shut out alike the sea and the surrounding coiintrv. and formeA as completes retreat from the world as the most ardent lover of solitude could desire. But the spot had long ceased to be a solitude to Dora; ehe had peopled it with tbe creatures of her own fancy; she had formed in it tbe hopes, aspirations, and affections that together made for her a veiy affluence of happiness, and, above fill, everything about her spoke of the one being through and in whom she lived, ruled, and enjoyed. Twelve o'clock ; in six hours sue would see him I. Mr. Robert presently showed himself in tbe open doorway, havinc the double object of sunning his now ample person, and enjoying the pleasure of looking at Dora. With him, more than with any of the rest, Sir Bichard had become a secondary object i and indeed to love and admire his young mistress as he did, involved the complete using up of all his powers. To a great extent, Rob bad for gotten the old history; supposing from the first that it was a part of his duty to forget it; and&ny; chance allusion to it, euch as the ghost story of that morning, could only rouse him to a confused' sense of 'something past and gone, that must be, completely and indignantly baniBhed. irrom the, present. Like a faithful and attached' dog, Rob lived in the present, sensible of bis comforts And bis honours, and ready to give his life where ha had given his love. Dora greeted him with a sod and s smile that went straight to his heart. ' Look at that now !' he said, rubbing his hands gleefully, 'She knew as it would do me good. Bless her I she's a picter I' 'Sob,' she said presently, stopping before him, 'your face doei honour to the day; it is quite a pleasure to look at you.' 'Lor I who'd have said that but her now !' chuckled Hob, as she passed on. 'Sob,* said Dora, stopping again, ' I declare you ' look quite handsome to-day, there's a very sun* shine of happiness in your lace !' ' It's looking at you as does it, Miss Dora,* said Hob, meaning literally what he said. Dora ' sparkled all over,' as she laughed and shook her curb. 'That was cleverly said, Bob ; but not quite, suicersly. It's the thought of meeting your kind good master that has brightened you up. Ah, this will be a glorious day to remember ! In six hours he will be here, Bob;— we two at least will show him all the joy ot our hearts.' She passed on again in her restlessness, looking, up at tbe sun sad reckoning the minutes.: Presently the sound of horses' hoofs struck on her ear. Could it be neP It was not impossible that beflhoald arrive before the appointed time. 6avo: for the wild beating of ber heart, ehe stoo'd as one turned to Btone, her eyes straining and ber white lips apart. Could this be joy, this feeling that' so oppressed her, and that was so like pain ? Did happiness, on its near approach, chance its nature ? Did it, like the sun, diffuse most radiance and warmth when most distant ? A false alarm. It was Mr. Jlorton, who rode, bis bone round to the stable, and then walked for-, ward to meet her. Why was she so glad that it was only Mr. Horton ? Truly she had become a puzzle to herself: ' I thought you would come to-day,' she said, as they shook hands. ? It has become a rare pleasure to havea visit from Mr. Horton.' 'Something to know that it is a pleasure, Mies Dora, TOu Bee, you're such confoundedly healthy folks at Fulwood, that I havent had an excuse for calling often since poor old Dawson died. But now I look at you, I think I haven't arrived before I was wanted. What's become of the roses ?' The roseB came back as if at his bidding, brighter than ever. * When I heard you coming I thought it might befiir Richard, and — and ? ' she stopped, con fused and angry with herself. ' Aha ! yoii mustn't allow Sir Eichardto frighten you.' 'Oh, it isn't that— I was not frightened,' she said, eagerly. ' So-nething else, then, I have just parted from an old friend of yours.' ?Of mine f ' young John Palmer, fresh from Eton. He pre sumes to call himself an old acquaintance, for be has never forgotten your first meeting, and he always inquires after you.* 'There is no presumption in that; you know* we are something akin, Hr. Horton.' ' Ah, yes,' said Mr. UortoD, rubbing his nose. ' And I, too, have never forgotten our first meet-i ing. Ob, how I did pine to go home with himt. He was quite a little boy when I saw him last : I suppose he has grown a good deal ?' 'Sadly too much. He's nearly as tall as his. father, and more of a man already. He's a fine fellow is young John, and quite worthy of the pride his mother feels in him.' ?And she — does she suffer as much as ererP' ?Quite enough ; but she's better on the whole, and anle to get about a little, and so thankful 1 Foorsoul! she makes me feel ashamed of myself when she speaks of her many mercies. I'm a great grumbler myself, you know.' ' You ! I don't believe it. Ah, how pleased I used, to be to Bee you, and how kind you were to m& when I was a child 1 I used to think how happy they must be who lived with yon always. I could1 think still that they ought to be happy.' 'Could you?' ? If that's Mr. Horton.'I think he might find his. way into tbe bouse,' exclaimed Mies Enderby, from1 the glass door of the drawing-room. Mr. Uorton obeyed the summons. ' 1 suppose you wouldn't have come if you hadn't, been asked,' Miss Enderby said, as she closed the door behind him. 'Likely not— not to-day. Tou see, Grimshaw continues to be cool with me ; and, to tell you the truth, IVe no inclination to intrude where I'm nob wanted.' 'J don't know what's come to you two, such friends as you were for years, Tou quarrel, no body Knows for what, and there's no getting at either of you to understand anything. He's fiery, imperious, sod implacable; you are cool, in different, and doggedly obstinate.' 