'HAMLET' AS A PANTOMIME Thb other night the Lyceum Theatre was the «bv^p of perhaps the most unusual performance of ' Hamlet' whidi era- took place on any stage. It was not that the actor! indulged in any new readings, or in any fresh and fearless manifestations of incompetency, but that the mindful of the claims of tragedy, were what is vulg&rlv; termed ' in for a lark ' The great actor who impersonated Hamlet sustained the part with his accustomed quint dignity, while the subordinate characters held o& to the text in a fairly creditable way, and underwent no spasm* which appeared to call tor active medical treatment. Rut the stockbrokers, who filled the stalls and pit, condwtAl themselves throughout the evening with heartless indecorum and wicked levity ; and it is to be regretted that the com mittee of the Stock Exchange are powerless to mark, br censure and, if need be, suspension, their disapproval of the organized disturbance which, on the evening in question turned the Lyceum Theatre into a bear-garden, and sub jected the celebrated actor aforesaid and his colleagues to a steady fire of unnerving badinage. Long' before the curtain rose what was called ' the fun ' had commenced. The turning up of the gaa was greeted by a general ' Oh ! ah ! ' the orchestral music brought on an epidemic of so-called ' comic ' songs; and whenever the bell rang the gods cried ' Dinner ! ' When Horatio and Marcelius came on the stage, a stockbroker, apparently of Irish parentage, demanded of them ' What d'ye 6oy ?' ^ a vehement voice, which brought down the frivolous house - and the appearance of the Ghost was greeted with a deafen ing simultaneous ' Booh ! ' The gentleman of stocks and shares let Hamlet alone for a short time after his first entry but the unfortunate King was systematically contradicted whenever he opened his mouth, and when he kissed the Queen's hand the buoyant brokers ecstatically kissed a hand-to-mouth chorus. Hamlet's turn soon came. As, alone upon the stage, and with his manly form postured for his first soliloquy, the great actor began the line ' 0, that this too solid flesh would melt a broker broke in with 'Better Bant!' and his brethren in banter at once took up the running. Hamlet's speech wasn't much of a soliloquy after that. In the scene between Laertes, Ophelia, andPolonius,Polonius's remark, 'Think yourself a baby,' was received with outcries infantine in a variety of minor keys — every stockbroker present evidently thinking himself a baby, and misconducting himself accord ingly. Later on, when Polonius led his daughter from the stage, the self-restraint imposed upon her by her old cynic of a father was clinched by a vigorous about of, ' Whoa, Emma I' and when the Ghost came on the unhappy shade had a preternaturally bad time ot it. After a struggle with exclamatory ridicule, the luckless spectre approached Hamlet in the usual stalky manner. The eminent Prince of Denmark got off his 'Angels and ministers of grace' lines without serious interruption until he reached — ' Say, why is this? wherefore ? what should we do V Then an impious broker-man interposed with the advice ' Give it up !' and trom that point until the end of the scene bear- gardening was almost uninterruptedly carried on. When Hamlet broke from Horatio and Marcelius, and rushed after the Ghost, there were loud cries of ' Go for him, George!' 'Don't mind him a hit!' 'He don't want to fight, But by jingo! if he do, He's got the fists, he' got the pluck, And he's got the muscle too!' When Hamlet declared, 'I'll go no farther,' the stockbrokers shouted 'Yah! he's funky!' 'He's going to faint!' ' Feel his fulse,' &c.;, &c.; It rained heavily at this time, and the steady patter of the drops upon the roof drowned for a while the noise of the gods and the tumult of the brokers. Then, as the shower died away, a still small voice remarked, ' It's raining, George!' whereat the men of 6tocks and share laughed consumedly. When the Ghost disappeared, and Horatio threw a cloak over Hamlet's shoulders, 'Where's his overshoes?' inquired one broker, ' Button up his ulster,' cried another, and ' Fetch a cab,' shouted a third. The swearing scone at the close of the first act was converted into a screaming farce by the audience, who, at appropriate intervals, came in with a powerful and united ' S-w-a-a-a-a-r-e !' In the second act, on the entry of Roscncrantz and Guildenstern, the former, who had a liberal share of nose, was promptly dubbed ' Nosey,' and so styled during the remainder of the play. Polonius was asked, 'Where's your daughter ?' and told to 'Put on your hat, old man, you'll catch cold.' In the course of this act, too, ex pressions levelled at the shapely limbs of the eminent tragedian who impersonated Hamlet were unpleasantly rife: 'George will get cold in his legs!' 'What nice wrinkles he has in his tights !' ' Pull them up !' ' Where's the stuffing F' and other impious remarks and inquiries issuing from the brokers' disrespectful lips. The act closed amid gigantic hubbub ; and the efforts of the orchestra to fill up the time with music were supplemented by the audience, who, arming themselves with cat-calls, yells, neighs, brays — which sounded very natural— and other voices of affright, fell upon the musicians' tunes and made a discord which even Wagner would have found it impossible to aggravate. When the act-drop rose on the third act the brokers struck up ' We won't go home till morning,' keeping time to the inspiriting air with their hoofs — feet, we should have said. Soon afterwards an egg was observed to jump from the gallery, and, after vainly trying to hide itself in the folds of Polonius's dress, to roll unbroken on to the carpet. This ' fetched ' Polonius, and, stepping to the footlights, he ob served, in tones tremulous with pathos : ** The man who threw that egg is a ? scoundrel. I am en during your indignities patiently and forbearingly , not out of any taste for the business, but because I am poor, and am compelled to earn an honest livelihood.' ' Is it rotten ? ' inquired a stalled broker. ' You'd better step up and see,' replied Polonius, still struggling with his pathos. Presently Hamlet came on and began ' To be, or not to be,' &c.;, but his attention was promptly directed to the egg by a stockbroker — we could name_ this man if we chose to do so — who remarked, in an enterprising vcice, ' George, there's an omelette for you.' Proceeding to address Ophelia, the eminent tragedian was greeted with ' Let her alone, George!' 'Don't believe a word she says,' 'Closer, George,' and other irrelevant expressions. As he waxed fiercer, the brokers exclaimed, ' Keep on your hair, ' Don't frighten her,' ' Send for his keeper,' 'Run him in,' 'Don't make a noise, or you'll disturb Ophelia, & c. When Polonius came back he was asked, ' Did they egg you on ? ' and when Hamlet, in delivering the line, ' Though you fret me yon cannot play upon me,' pointedly administered it to the audience, he was told hv a god, ' Look out, George, there are more eggs up here. In the arras scene the brokers shouted ' Blow out the light, old woman,' at the Queen ; and the Ghost was greeted by one enthusiast with ' Hullo, Santa Claus.' Ab the act- drop fell, the audience musically recited, with great heartiness, a song setting forth the organ-playing propensities of a Mr. Matthew Morgan. This air presently changed, as tne brokers grewaomewhat more moody, into ' Hold the Fort. The fifth act constituted what may be termed the harle quinade of the pantomime. Ophelia's ravings were heart lessly ridiculed; the gravediggers were unmercituuv chaffed — told that their proceedings were infra dig.— ana recommended to take out policies in the Pick-axe-ioen Insurance Company ; and Hamlet was severely misunaer stood to his face. Further, Ophelia's obsequies were con ducted amid the conspicuous derision of the wicked brokers, who rose and sang : — ' Old Grimes is dead, that good old man, We ne'er shall see him more ; He used to wear a long black coat, All buttoned down before.' The rest of the play was absolute imallemted pantomane. It remains for us to repeat with, if possible, in earnestness, our protest against conduct such as it nas our painful duty to describe above. It is mdecen ,i ton[ rageous, it is monstrous, that a herd of wild an .ari-- stockbrokers should be permitted to rush into an po metropolitan theatre to convert a fair plav into pantomime, and to make game of a distmpwhed^tor whose impersonations and whose limbs are alike P t able. We frost that the police will take * avS!» the repetition of so scandalous an outrage. It may p ^ be as well to say that the theatre frodden underfo* ^ sportive stockbrokers, as above, was the Lyceum,^ New York ; and the obnoxious Hamlet was gtyles Jones, a well-known New York who s^_ himself ' the Count Joannes.' We don t think we tioned this before. — Figaro. 