THE MIYSTERY OF CGECIL ROSE, CII LiPTEI XLI. THE mas:tcr of the fiLrm-house, a stout and ruggcd Highlander, sprang forward trnd caught Cecil as her slight figure swayed for ward, land she lay white and swoounig is his arms. Mlotioning the bystanders aside, hlie carried her into the house. The Highinai womlen, compassionate and wonllderlling, struck by the girl's mar vcllous beauty iuand her lhelplessness, hurried after himl. Old Gretchelln followed, limiping, groaninlg, ald laullotinIg. The farmer enlteredl the great kitcheu of tihe dwelling and laid Cecil upon a low and hlomely couchll near a window. IHer head fell black upon the pillow, her eyes were closed, her features were sharply outlinhed. She looked as if she were dead. Gretchen, withl a great crly, forgetting her own weariness, benlt over the form of hlier yoiung mistress, calling her llname ail chaf ing her thin hanlds. The farmer tud. his eons retired to thile door-yard to look after the exhaulsted ponies. The fimcr's wife burried feathers under Cecil's nose; the farmer's dLllaughters brought cold water, Scotch whisky, aind such bothler ssimple remedies as they deemed apploprinto .:or usefull. Under these eflicient minlistrations Cecil presently ulittered a low, sobbin, :sih, hand opened liher dusky ceyes in i slow, wvondering, expression, to be exchanged for one of re cognition. The girl was too weary ailud spoenli to move a limb or muscle. The softtnessof tihe couch was delicious to her. She did not speakl, except to answer interrogations showered uponi her; but Gretchen hastened to ask the lhousewife for shelter for the night. " The Mac Dougals never tu-ned even a beggar from their door," was the answer, giveun with a sort of pride. "Ye are wel come to stay as long as ye like, woman, both you a1nd the puir ladisie there, who will not be fit to travel for ai week." The fiarmer's wife waited to ask no ques tions as to her visitors, who thely were, whence they came, or whither they were going, but ordered a maid to prepare the spare chamber at once for their occupancy. Then tihe firmer's daughllters set to work at the evening minell, which lhad been ill course of preparation at the moment of the visitors' arrivall. Gretchen tallied with Mrs. Mac Dougal, while Miss Rosse, lying back upon the lchintz pillow in a delicious resthfiilness, her gaze wandering from object to- object, took in all tile features of the room. It reminided lher of the great living-rooms of Zorlitz. It lhad the samelno quaint aiir, the low ceiling withl smolke-blackcned beims, the stone floor, the immense chimney with swinging kettles and blazinsg wood-fire; but the Highland.kitchen lacked certllin pic turesqueifeatures for which those of the liackl Forest had been distinguishecd. To Cecil the room wass more beautiful than any ideal palace. Its warmth and shelter, the friendly faces and klindly voices within it, thrilled liher soul with joy and rest. A large table ill thile centre of Tluhe big room lhad been laid for supper. Irs. Mac Dougal and lher daughters dishled up the meal and sumuloled the men. Thile family salt down to dilnlr, giving Gretchen a place of honor. Cecil did nlot rise, and Miss Mac Dougal, a buxom yomlg woman with a coarse fice anlld heavy tread, but with kindly, admiring eyes, waited upon hel r with assiduous care. The ftunily meal of porrlidge, oat-cakes, brawn, and milk, wa-s shlaredl by Gretlcheu with relish. For Cecil, Miss BMac Dougal prepared a trlay of nmore delicate food, a pot of fragrant tea-a beverage used in that Shousehold only upon rare occasions-a dish of toast anid poached eggs, and some orange marmalade. Miss Rosse sipped liher ten and ate hlier toast at her leisure. When the family had finished, thle servanlts, who had also sat at the talble, departed to their tasks, the flarmer's sonis alud daughters accompanying them. tlmm. The Highlalnder land Ils wife, with Gret chenll, drew near thile girl's couch. "Your ponies are cleanu knokit uip, miss," said MIac Dougal politely. " They woii't be able to travel thle morrow, if ever. The puir beasties seem to hlave been halrd pushed-like yerscls. I-Hlae he travelled far? " "For three or four days," replied Cecil wearily. " So long as that ? I-Had ye no mn1l with ye, miss ? " "No; we are quite alone, Gretclhen iland I. ie' came from thile seacoast-from lanl old houso ]mown a1s Black IRock." Thei farmer alnd hIis wife exchianlged in credulous glances. " Black Rock, the seat of tihe Cathcahirns, ye diinna mean, miss ? " asked the farmcr. Cecil replicd in the alffirmative. "That is a far distilceby lmountain passes ai' lonely vllecys," said Mr. LMac Doulgal. " I've heard the story of the Cathcairis. Every one in the Northern HliclLm's kens it well. We tell it winlter nighlts aIlboot tilhe fires, miss, lan' it's a talo to send ye to bed timorsome alu fit' o' terrors. It's a long, halllrd journley fiae tile nor', west coast to this placec-a terrible journey. Anid ye sa:ly ye cam' on them twa ponies withont s:tddles anud all ahlC ? " "All alone-- we two i " said Cecil. " But ye dilla melian, o' coorse, tihat ye cam' frie Bllack lock lHouse, miss? Tlhat lhao been shuttit u1p a lifetime. The ghosts of tihe twin brithlers walk there, they say. " We have spent the winter aIt Black Rock H-ouse," said Cecil. " We did nlot klmow the traditions connected with the plce." Again the farmier land his wife exchaSlged ghlancs. Cecil hiesitateld about telling her story. After thile mallnner in whichll it had heno rc cei"'ed by the two shepherds, she did not like to rlehealrse a talle which must sceum so improlable. But Gretchen, relyinlg 1upon the trulthfulnelss of hler stlatemenlts, ald de sirous of setullrillg the frieldship anuld championsllhipi of these new acqullainlltanllces ibefore thile lposible arrival of Jarvis ill plur sluit, detelrmined to tell everythinilg loldly. '-I don't l1ow how we canll explail matters to you so tlhatLt you will fully under stand them," she suaid ill a plerplexed voice. "Whast we caunot understand ourselvcs must seeonstraunge indeed to you; but 'll tell the whole tlhing, straightforward." "A', woman," said MIac Dougal; " do that 1I "My young muistress is a lady by birth and educationi," said Gretclhen; "but through the death of her uncle she is obliged to earn her own living. So we went to Londou. My young lady could teach in a school or family. - She has all the accoum plishments that noble ladies learn; but she Imeow no one hi England who could recom mend her, and besides lshe would not be separated from me, the pastor's old servanut, who cared for hler in her pretty chlildllood and who actnally worships her to-day. We would not bIe separated, so my younsg lady procured embroidery-work to do at home."' "Well.? " said Mr. Mac Dougal, as Gretellen paused ansd glanced at tile tuhin and shadowy yonung fe oni the pillow, with a tender yearniug iu her gazo. " That dinua e sxplain e yore appearance here, WOmlaU,. " A rich lady saw Miss Cecil's work, anud hired leor to go to her country-house inl Yorkshiro to repair some valuable tapestry," continued C(retelen. " The lady advised us to sail i hlier yicht, and save our travel liig expenses, as the yachlt was ordered to go to her countryiplace,; and must sail in any casO immediately. tWe drove to Graves end and embarked oni the yaclt. Wev were at sea sevenral ditys, and were luidcd at Black Rocde wlicrs-w hlave remained ever sinee--a pqriod of seven months or so I " "This is vera stranuge. Black look does not beldng to a lady. TIle present owners, distant relatives of thoe Cathcirds, neveor visit the spot. 1They have left the auld house to fa' to ruin." o " There is some nystcry iu the afifair. thit we cannot ittoiiiite to solve," said Cecil, gently. "We do not believe that Lady Trevor, the lady aris: employed. me;:lnowsf that w e asc brought to Scotland." : " My young lady has an enemy," said Gretchen, "a terrible Ilud secret eolemy. That enemy contrived to miiow of hsr en gagement to Lady Trevor, and to takle ad vintige .of it. W. o.were. put.onboard the wrong yacht, or else Miss Cecil's enemy bought over the captain of Lady Trevor's yacht to aid his own wicked purposes. We. were brought to Black Rock, where a man and woman were ill clhrge. So well had Miss Cedil's enemy understood her engage ment to ,Lady Trevor, and so well had he contrived isfairs, that we found a room at Black Bock lhung with tapestry, just as we expeeted, and my young lady went to work to repair it, supposing that we were at Lady Trevor's house." " " Curious-- vera curiots," commeontod MacDougal, eyeilg both tie straiigeors sharply. "IWe iover suspected our terrible' mistake or the awful conspiracy against us," con tinued Gretchenl, "till a few weeks ago, when I heard tlhe man Jarvis and his wife and a Portuguese woman with thomplotting to kill my young lady and mo.. They dis covered us listening and would. hiave killed us on tlhe spot, but that they were compelled to remain at Black Rook longei, iand feared our ghosts would haunt them: They shut us up as prisoeiers in tihb old tower and waited for.:warmer n weather. The other iighlt thpeyspcit?:tulp ti.oiur iooinms to com plete thedir evil ioork "tb stab 'us to death in our sleepYi. '" ::: Ma\Ica Dougal expressed his amazement, and Gretchen, wanrming with indignant seitse if hier wi wn iud Miss Cecil's wrongs, told in a graplhic and spirited mntuner the incidents of that feartil night on which they h'lad escaped fromtheir uenemies. She de scribed the steps upon the old stairs, the stealthly soulnd at the doors, the refuge ill the old chimney-recess, the silent entrance of the intending assassins, the out'cry, the elahn, the escape. And then shel described their flight, its terrors and adventures, the shepherd's hut and the second escape from Jarvis, the loss of the pony in ai mountain-pass, and her own narrow escape from death, and con eluded by imploring Mac Dougal to befriend hler younsg mistress and herself. "I known tllhat Jlarvis is lhurrying aifter us," lshe exelaineod. " MIiss Cecil cannot go on to-norrow. He mny find us here. Tell us tihat he shaell not harmn us, Mr. Mac Dougal, that you will protect us. In the name of hIeaven, befriend two helpless beings who aire cast upon your mercy." " It's a vera strange story," said the l-Iighsdlaer, cautiously, hIis tfieee wearing ai puzzled exprcssioe. "I never heard tile like. 3ut, as you say, you'll not le able to travel for soule days to coons. The young lidy is tired out, and ye lookle tile same. Ye shall have food and shellter; maknie your sols comnfortable on that." "And protection too ? " asked Gretcheln, eagerly. " If Jarvis comes will you protect utS ? " The Highlalider scratchelld his head. " Wull, ye see, womana," le said, " there's alwvays two sides to ai story. I mena hear the ith?er side afore I promisoe I " Gretchen wrnig her Ihands together. Cccil's palec thin face grew paler, and she miade a feeble attemnpt to rise. "Dilna ye fitsh yersels I " oexclimed hMec Doiugal. " Yo cian stay, an' welcome. But I'll tell ye freoely, your story does not sound well. People do no murders in this country an' age o' tile worl', or if they do, it's iu wicked Lulnon and tle south, iand not in the Hielan's. I doo lt lit the youmg lady has riln awa' frae hler hleunec. I lot but there's a fisuse lover somewhcl ere, or tlhit she rebels againsst law an' authlority coi trary3 to the holy scriptures, an' tlhat ye aid and abet her. So 1 nlaun helll'I r the ithCer side." " Jarvis will tell you fleet lhe is c neald house keeper, and tlhet we i'e esccaped patielnts," said Cecil, heitterly. Mae Dougal regarded lthe visitors eis piciously. It sccused to him thl:t such ac statemcent would certlainly lhave a ';trong air of probability. lie begtan te think it. might be the true solution of this strlange cul'ir. There certainlly was a daf t ail)pearance labout the old foereigin wolani. " .I resecirve mey jioodjenent ulctil the manes Janirvis appears," he ennmeeeced. " An' whenc I hue Iheard eaeith :itles o' the c:sye .I maun glic my doeision. Whichlever sccess most problable I slehll fiavor." ifrs. Mice eougal, cc shrceg-fIettu'e'di sand- haiired womu, witllh aII decidedl spirit of her owna , \arse had listened to the story with heeen aid vividl intcrest watching the beautiful younig girl on the couch witha rapt admliration,, nowa inte-posed-- -. . " Dila ye fashl yersCl," she exclhinedil. "I believe ye baith. If ony man, Jairris, or what ithler name hle rmaun ca' hissolf, cooms here, hie shall bie walkit off' wi' a flea in his lug. [Miid that, Willum I Jaun Mac Dougal trek's these puir women urder lher own protection, an' they shall bide safo in this hloose, an' gee safe awl' when they hae restid. Mind that, Willuei " Mrs. Ma~c Douigal appiared like an ianel of mercy to the worn-out fegitives, her light gray eyes flashinug, her strong features working in excess of indigient feeling. " We'll see, we'll see," said the master of thIe house, all the more set in his resolve because his wife hid espouised thie caunm of thlse strangers. " l)irnua ye bind yarsel' wi' a fulish promuiso, Jean. We mauu hear the ithlor side-" "The ibther side l" repeated Mrs. Miae Dougal, scornfully. "I'll stan' by my ain sect, Willum. These are women, so am I, an' I'll lna men-folk rin on 'em T'hisl hoose is their sanLctoory. They shall stay or guae, as they wull " A maid entered and whispered in her mistress's ear. Mrs. Mac Dougal arose. "The prophet's ehamibesr is seasly," she annomuced, employing the ancient phrase by which the stare chanmber':is still often Imown in countiy places, in allusion to the occasional -visits of some ..minister who is invited to occupy it. Ill t l ye to it mysel'." Gretchen arose, bu~t paused, picking at her gown nervously. S"I cannuot sleep if, I am to have the teTrror of thait ma?l Jarvis bofoie my eyes," she exclaimed. ' Mr. MadDboaual, can I say: nothiing.to conviunce -you that I have told the trutli ? If you Would only believe us and promise to protectusi', we would bless you for your gooduess. But if you resolve too listun.to deav?is,we a sre lost I " "If ye speaki truthl;', said the fisruer, "ye can prove it. Is not this.ane ? An' if- ye prove it I'll be yer freii'." " Buetliw cin I prove it? " askled Gret lciheli, despairingly, "You won't take. osu word."-------------------- ' Ye saiy the man Jairvis ha' but-a lame pony. He'll be a day or more in seooming lhere. I can keep him waiting a fow days anu' yo like. The young lady is nsa fit to travel at present.. Ye have friends belike. Write:td toli~iin'?i'wait here till ye goet an ansiver. If they corroborate your- words, well and'g guid; If not, let the man Jasirvis be believit." .Cecil's face showed her despair. She thought of her laudlady, Mrs. Thomas of QuBeen's Crescent, Bayswater; but, although Mrs. Thomas might write in response to ai letter, lshe certainly would niot come to Scotland. And after her nmonths of absence from London, Cecil feared that she could not makle liher long silence intelligible to Mrs. Thomnas in a lotter, and that her missive might meet with no response. She thought of Ladly Trevor, but she be lieved that the widow had become long since the wife of Lord Glcelnham, aud she shrunk from an appeal to thie supposed wife of tihe macn she still loved with her entire soul. To whom else could she write ? Her heart sIunkl within hler. Old Gretchen went over the same ground in hier own mind. She thought of Mrs. Thomas, of Lady Trevor, nUd of Mr. Pul ford. And theu, withl a great sigh of relief, slhe t]hought of Maldred Crafton. HIe loved her yonug mistress; lie wouild hasten to her relief and protection. HeI-Ir faice glowed; hlier eyes shone. "I have thoughnt of a friend who will corroborate our words," she exclaimed, " anud, more than tlhat, who will come here cad takeI us away. Give me pen and paper and I'll write the letter now." " It shall be sent to post i' tihe miornih'," saidl Mac Dougal. " The weekly post leaves lhere the morrow." Mrs. Mac Dougal brought writing-mate rialsl, and Gretchic sait down to engage in the laborious task of writing lher letter. "Are you writing to Lord Glelnham, Grstclhen ? " asked Cecil in German, her face flushing. " No, indeed. I would not write to tihe falsa lover," responded the old womanu in digmuntly; "but to the true lover, who stood by us in sorrow and trouble, and offered you an hlonorable manrriage iiid a splendid homie wheni you were arlone and friendless. 1 will write to Mr. Crafton." Cecil-made no objection, ianld Gretchen spelled out' her words carefully, writiug in liher own lhnguage, and giving Ian account of tleir ladventures since leaving thlleir lodg ings in London. She begged Mr. Crafton to hasten to the rescuea of liher young mis tress, statinrlig iher fel1S lst Mir. Ilac Douigal should be won to deliver them rp to Jarvis in case of iany delay. Thie letter finished, she signed, sealed, and addlressed it. Mac ])ougal deposited tihe letter on a wrooden shelf, repeating the assurancee tirhat it slhould go oni the morrow with the weekly post. " An' now," said Mrs. MaIc Doungal, " ye are quite safe till ye can hear frae yer ain friends. Tine man Jairvis, if he coosm, will be obleged to wait. Ye lhae Willum's. word. Now, coom to your chambeir r. The bed is readyr, iand the young lhiraly is vera weak an' ill." Sle tooek up a candlue rnd imoved towards thie door. Cecil aittempted to rise; bat lher head swamr with sudden giddiness, and a fraitness seized upon lie', compelling her to frlll back on her piillow. Thie farmer, see ing iher weaknesis, pickeld her up in hiis arums as if shre hiad been a child, and followed in thie wake of his wcife and Gretchen. They rascended a bare, wooden flight of steps to the second floor. Mrs. iMac Dougal led the way to the front chamberrlcr. It was hlirge, with a sloping roof, and with two ldorner cwindows. .l'he floor was lare, 1,uit spotlessly clean. A great, fourr ipost bedsteadt . rwith a homre-nmrde rug oe either side of it, occurpied tihe centre of tile room. A fire of irine-cones anrd brarnches ou thie ihearth diffused a delightful warmrth and frragruice thrrough thie chamlerr, tihe night bieiing chilly enoughl to require it. drsI. Mac l)ougril rflliciated as firing cwoman to herlc exhauscted chief guest. She uitifstrrned tile hreuvry garmi-cnts Cecil hrad not laid aside fotbr diays, andl brought lier ai night-robe of homiesprun linen which smuelled of hlvenden', anud ihelpted hIer into thie high bed withi its srnowy, lavenicred sheets aibove billows of s\ect nuld elastic feathers. Gretchen undreSrSe?l hrOshlf and c'ept into thile sme Ibed at tihe desire of hic' younig mistress. Titan the fhrmor's wife broughit to thcm two bowls of wino posset, steaming lhot, and urged thorn to drink. Tlhey obeyed, drain ing the bowls, and she stole out with soft stop, ]eaving them to their slumbers. " Ono thing Iln sure of," was Gretehlo's last thought, as sihe drifted into sleep, " and tBhat is tthat Mr. Crafton will come to us-and that Miss Cecil will marry him I After all this trouble, with a deailly enemy seeking heordestruction, slte will nlmarry him in very gratitude and to assure her safety I" CitIPTgR XLII. Liady Trovor retulrned home from her drive in the park in a suUen rage. THer hatred of Mr. Pulford was intensified to positive abhorrouie. Site hurried up the steps of hier house, disdaininig his assist ance, acld ihe, cool and smiling, followed after her, quite witt the air of mastor of the lhouse. "You will have to e.cuse me," she said, pausing in the hall. "I must dress for dinner." "No apologies are necessary betwooeen you and me, Edith," responded Mr. Pul ford, in hIis blandest tones. " BiUt, as you remind me, I will go and diess for dinner also, and return by. the time you are ready." . Hoe raised hi hitha, and tripped lightly down tie steps again into thie street. Lady Trevor gazeod after hIim with a mnalevolence in which:was expressed all the evil of which hIer soul was: capable. Then, her hand clutching tihe phials in her bosom, sihe slowly ascended the stair to- lier own rooms, "oe will dine with me to- day," site thouitght, as she entsred-hcr : boudoir. " O, if I dared adtlinister this poison in his wind I If opportunity offers,.Iiwill do it. I will free myself from his claims at the earliest possible moment. In will never misry hIim, plhiteng myself nlud my fortnue in hisi handst. I shaIll watch my opportu nity--if that opportuity coenied to-day, so much thie worse for him and the better for me." I-Ier:maid came from an inner room to ittesid upon her. Lady Trevor flung off hier boniet and lay ddwn upon a sofa, dismiss ing her. servant. Her thoughts were very dark and sullen. "' I've had my own way all my life," sheo said to horself, "regardless of every onle, and I'll have it-still. I married Sir Alberot Trovor in defiance of tie wishes of my father and grandfatler. With Sir Albert's help I won thie great wealthl of my stop-mother. I Ilve swept this Cecil Rosso from my path. I sihall sweep Horace Pulford aside just as easily." HIer thoughlts settled upon Cecil Rosso. "If only the girl were deaId all would be safe I " -she mused. "Pilford says that she Lans be keptilup in that oldhauntsed lhouse in perfect safety uiltil shele .idies of old agti. \While she lives I may ihaiesneed of hitm. Perhaps I lhad better urge Pulford to destroy lier before our marriage, send when that desruetidoin is safely accomplishled, and she no longer lives, I can got rid of hiim. I have sneed to be prudent. If I give hIim this :poison to-day I may Ihave need of his services to-morrow. I must not be too precipitite or rash. With this subtle weapon in my hasids Ican put him out of my way at almost any momentl." As she thus reflected, she decided to bear all the anntoyacees consequenst upoe1 hier engagerhoenot of marriage a little longer before depriving herself for ever of Pulford's vilu able services. ier cheekls burned as her thoughts turued to Lord Glenhiam, linut she lhad by no means given up alt hope of becoming his wife. If Palford were dead, she could make sucht ex cuses for hier engagement to hIim to the Conutess of Glenham as would go fitr to re instate her in that lady's conlidence and good graces. "I shall win yet I " she assured Iherself. " The prospect looks a little darks now, I aIdmit, buit with Cecil lRosso and Pulford deaid, with LSdy Gleulnham on my side, withl tle m smorn y of my avowal it hIis generous heart, Gordon will yet turn to ome with ilffeetion auid aski me to become his wife. I can wait. All will come out right yet." With recovered spirits she arose and passed into hier dilressing-room. She had decided not to put hier mnrderous plh5s against P1ulford into iaction just yet, but to carry mnutters with a higih hand, to show Ihcrself in society as hIeretofore, anid evenu, if nicessary, to acknlowledge her engagse monit. "1 shall go to thie theaetre to-nighlt, Cerise," sle excluaimed. "1 require ono of my prettiest toilets." The Frenchlwosuman attired iher mistres:s with scruploius skill siid carei in a robei of upearl-colored silk uand maroon velvet--a 'srenchs creation--w ith hearsit - shaIped bodice filled is with point lace, anud withll elbow-sleeves edged with liace frills. With a costly parure of diamonids, with ian airti ficiel rose-flush on hlier lips and cheeks, an artilicial shadow under her hard, black eyes, with an ainimatioin Iorn of new scesmees and reviving hopes, Lady Trevor loolked mssually ihandsome as she des ctnded, at lengtlh, to thie drawinig-room. tMr. Pulford waus there in waitilng for her. Ie airose iand stepped forward to greet her. lie knsew her lardness, her unss;cri pulous iatiure, her catpabilitics for wicked ness; hlie delighlted to humble her pride, to sting her soul ii thie ways hle so well ksew, in returu for her treatment of him, Isit, nevertlhless, as mueuh as hie was capable of loving, hle loved her. HLe admired her; he sympnat.hized with her boldness ucud hard ness; yet, after ill, whalnt hle most admnired nlld lollged to possess wis her inulnllse fortunse. Next to tlVt, 1le coveted her posi tion in societ'; hlie desired to ailly hilmself thlrougl helr to ii great iand powerfui failil'y. 1-is avarice aud ambitioi alike interested, lie was glad to see Ithat she haid clhanged her smood, and was inow asis smiling inid pleasant as she had Ibeen before hitter and deliaut. l-e suited hIis isuod to lsers. " Your drive did 'oul good, Edithi," lihe said, pleasantly. "(ILc ve y Loul remembiiered my invitation frn' thius evnini.:? ] have a ibox at thie Prince i Wfales: tuheatre. " I ha.re reiIembilered. I will go I " wats the grsteious resposne. Her amiability struck her atitor' as treachlerous. He watchled her narrowly thereafter throughout the cuoning. Dinner was anniounced. Mr. Pulford gave ILady Trovor his arm and led her in to dinner. They lingered at the table ovor the dessert, and finally returned to tlhe drtain ing- room. "'lThe carriage is waiting," said Mr. aulford. " We shall arrive at the begin sing of tlhe second act; early onough, I dare slay; yet I think we ought now to be going." The widow assented, and ordered her opera-cloak - the one poor Cecil had wrought-and followed her suitor to thle ealTiago. As they went down the marble-steps they met a woman ascensding them. This woman was Sarah Peters. In the light that streamed through the open doorway, Lady t'revor saw that the womlUan ]lad a sickly CouIIteinacILe and a shabby gown, and that she had the look of one upon a begging excarsion. The lady did not recognise her, and drew her silken train aside as if she fesrcd contamination, and swept oin. MIrs. Poters turned and followed lher to the carriage. "Lady Trevor," sheo began, in a whiining sort of voice. " My lady-" MIr. Pulford pushed the woman aside rndcly. "Off with you, you beggar,'" ' oex claimed, " or I'll have you arrested I " "Lady Trovor I " repeanted the womnan, (despOerately. "I must sLpeakl to you-" Mr. Pulford slannmed the door, and the carriage rolled swiftly away. "I ought to have waited till morning," the womau muttered, gazing after it. " But I was too impatient. I'll come again to morrow, and I won't be pushed aside then, I'll warrant. Being I'm here, I might as well find out what I ean." She hurried up the steps just as the hall porter was about to close the door. "If you please, sir," said she i'dripect: fully, interposing her person in tlhei dooi' way, "was that Lady Trovor who just went out? " , " It was," was the response. "You'd better be off, my good woman. Nio·blgag allowed at this door." " I am not a beggar. I was a respectable servallt ollnce, aud am a seamlstressu.now,'?. replied Mrs. Peters. "I thought perhaps I could get a place in this great house." "No servants are engaged hero except through thile usual channels,":saiid the hall porter pompously. " You'd betterlicpply to some tradesman's family.5'.:- ::. : lMrs. Peters did not offeir to retreat. The man through shicer love of gossip allowed her to remain on the thrdsh1di'hud 'quite enjoyed her amazoement as heltie·s e tookle in the magnilicene of the hall and'it'isdorni= mollts . ,.,.,.iv 7:; "This Lady Trevor: niiiat beo immeuonely rich," she ejaculated. " ':"': '/ "Immensely," wais tli anaswer, given with a pride that showed thi?t thelo hitll loiltbr even felt the reflected glory of his mistress's grandeur. ': " Yoiu soe I &was; igl;~t You ought to try.for a.phie out of the aris toeracy." " A?dLady Trevor. has 'only one Ochildto) inherit all this' ivWelthl :? " asked M:!I:s Peters. '. " Shli has nne. Shoe ne.er hiad on.io; You are mistakele-" ... . ':: s -., The butler's gruff voieo was heard astthlss jancturo ordering the hall-porter tbo lo.d1 the door. Mrs. Peters retreated abruptly, and thle door was closed. " She has no child," mused the woman, slowly desceuding the steps. " That I can iunderstand. She never had one ? That is siingular. What did she do with the one she had in Germany ? There's some mystery hi this. Didn't she adopt that. one after all ? I inteind to know, and I ought to make inquiries before I call agaliml." She paused before tihe area-way, hailf tempted to descend, Then slse walked slowly on. She lihad not gone more tlhan a few yairds wheni she suddhenly encoulitered the inurse she had seen iin Hyde I'Park that aifternoon. The inurse uttered a cry of surprise ait the second encolunter. " Whatever aire you doing here at the West End, Sairah Peters ? " she demansded. "And what are yous doing out ait this hour ? " retorted tile seamestress. "I live near here. I've been out for ian hour or two, si it's mny evening out. But you don't Ielong to this diirection, Siarah sPeters. I do believe is you're looking 'up Liady Trevor, iafter all I scid to you too. Look out you dou't get into sosue trouble." " 1 shan't do tlhatr 1 don't wanst inotling of Lady '.T'rcvor, especially as you say she never shad a child," said Mrs. Peters art filly. " You know ill aboulit the aristocracy. I wishl I did. Next to bIeing one on 'em is to kniow all about 'cii." " That is so," aissented thile inrse. " 'All these great families Ihave their troubles like poorer ones. Why even this great Marquis of St. Leonirds, Lady Trevor's grand faither, hais Iihad his share of grief, and plenty of it came through Lady Trovor they say. "tlow," asked MIrs. Peters. "I don't mind telling," said the nurse, as they walked slowly oni together, arm-in armn, " especially as it's nio secret. The Malrqcis of St. Leoinards had ai son lie loved to distractions. His soil was called Lordt Hsir'y Rlavendale. IeIc, the soni, fell in love withl a low sort of womian and his fathler cast him ofl. The low wife, ai regulsr schemling creature, lived only s yeair aifter the marriage, leaving one child, Lssily Edith Rave'dale, now Lady Trevor." " HIow interesting it sounds," said Mrs. Peters. " Especiilly as yout tell it." The inurse, Ilatteredl, contisised " When Liady lEdith was neairly ai young lady lord Ilhiry hiss cdaloe married i second time. llis wife was an orphan, of ia great fimil', iand one of tilhe biggest heir esses of the day. Tl'hie marquis loved her as if she'd been hiii:; daughlter. I"rom this second marriage one chihl was born, i girl, swho was called thie Lady Alba. 'This chlil becamse tile mrqui iii s idol. :out that time Lidyv 'l'dithl took it islto her lhead to elope wiithll Sir Albert Trev,,r, one of the worst meni that ever lived. After that Lord larery and his youn' wife and little child swent to Itily for tile v'ife's hei:lth. Shi had consumpltiosh I believe. Lordl Harry took thie lomanss fever or soin other diseasse and dited there.' "I .don't s leeliow this concerns Lady Trevor," said Mirs. Petdrs. Y.,ii'doitfoi' Weoll, I'll tell you. After Lord Harry ,died his widow sent for Lady Trcvor to coie to hor. Lady Trevor and her Iuhsbiihtd\in'nt.: Lord anrry's wife died of consumption abrotd and left her child to Lady Trevor's care, telling her to bring tihe child back to its grandfather. But slhe did not do.that. She stayed away months, and when the marquis sent after the child they found it.was dying. They brought the little body home and buried it, and for fifteen years Lord St. Leonards never forgave nor spoke to Lady Trevor. Lor', everyone knows. of the estrangement between thom." "HTow long ago did this happen ? " , " Fifteen years." " And the little step-sister, Lady Albt, died ?" "Yes. She was three years old at tlhe time. They say that when her body was brought home the doctors said the child had died of marasmus." Mrs. Peters started. " "Some folks said 'that the little Lady Alba-had booeen ill- treated, .and had died of gleget;" s'aid the gossipy nurse. " People wvil' tallk,~'~i/i lnow, when a million of money is involved." " A nmillioni of money ? " "Yes. The little Lady Alba inherited that amount from her mother, and by the mother's will the money went to Lady Trevor at the child's death. That's where sle got all her wealth. Sir Albert was as poor, as a.church mouse, having wasted his own ;inheritance. You see, I know a great deil' ;laboit these noble families, Sarah Peters. I could tell you things-but my time's up. I must go in or I'll catch it from tIhe heid-nurso. Good-night." She darted away as a clock somewhere in the vicinity struck the hour, and Mre. Peters was left to herself. - ' "'Let me think it out," tlhe woman mut tored. - "I've got a clue at last to the mys tery\that puzzled me. I think I see my iiy't ko'make my fortune I " ,;.; .! - -i'.. l'o be continued.) 