ITEMS OP NEWS. To-day the Borough and Shire Councils meet to examine and settle the annual accounts, which have been printed, and open to the inspection of parties interested. With the most councils this is regarded as a formal matter, but it is not generally so at Castlemainc, where an objection is always taken by the Borough Auditor to ac counts for goods obtained from councilors. The past year has, in this respect, been akin to tho previous ones ; and as some of the councillors have latterly evinced a disposition to free speech, they trill at tltis meeting have an opportunity of letting loose their humours. We understand it is proposed to hold a public meeting in Castlemainc in a few days to approve of the Embassy proceeding to England, in rela tion to the question of Constitutional Reform. The Railway Department invite tenders, in another column for tho manufacture of wrought- iron wheels. Mr M. Corrie draws attention to a choice lot of , fancy goods and stationery that he has on view at tho Castlemaine Hotel. The Mount Alexander Volunteer Battalion Is to parade at Sandhurst to-morrow afternoon. The commandant is to be present, and to instruct the battalion in the new " extended order" drill. At the Police Court yesterday, J. M. Lowrey was sentenced to one month's imprisonment, with hard labour, for vagrancy. James M'Cor- mick, who was complained against for insulting behaviour, was cautioned and discharged. Cong Fay was sent to gaol for one month for stealing a woollen sock, the property of Mrs Grout. On Sunday last the Rev. H. Heathershaw conducted the anniversary services of the Har- greave-street Primitive Methodist Church. In the morning ho delivered a telling discourse on the death and burial of Moses, deducing some useful lessons therefrom. In the afternoon lie hosed his remarks on the solid foundation on which tho church of Christ was built, and tho ineffectual efforts made to destroy it. The even ing sermon was a most exhaustive one, the sub ject being — " But now it is hid from thine eyes. " These services will bo brought to a close to morrow evening, when the same rev. gentleman will deliver a lecture. The anniversary tea in connection with the Baptist Sunday School was held last evening. The tables were well supplied with; appetising fare by Mr Clark, and largely patronised. A public meeting followed, presided over by the Rev. C. Pickering (pastor). Mr Dodd read the report, which showed the school to be in a healthy condition, containing about 100 scholars, and a library of 1000 volumes. Mr W. Wilkin addressed the children, Rev. J. H. Mitchell, and the Rev. H. Heathershaw the parents. Several selections of music were well rendered by the scholars during the evening, Miss Holdsworth presiding efficiently at the harmonium. The usual votes of thanks terminated the meeting. A ghost is rumoured to have been seen fitting about somo premises at tho southern end of Parker-street, to tho terror of an observer, but , on inquiry tho startling story about the pertur bed spirit melted into thin air. Indeed those midnight visitants do not appear to get acclima tised in any part of the colony, for whenever tliey are reported to appear for a night, or for : two nights, so sure as a company is prepared to receive and welcome them, they vanish to bo seen no more. Some years ago one of tlioso troubled spirits took up its quarters in a deserted house at Campbell's Creek, but it had hardly been discovered when a party of men assembled to do it midnight honours ; the ghost, however, did not thon appear, and has not been heitrd of since. The following is the return of traffic on tho Victorian Railways for tho week ending 14th Novembor, 1878 No. of passengers, 74,181 ; corrosponding date in 1877, 67,728 ; passen- gers, parcels, horses, carriages, dogs, and mails, £10,037 3s 4d ; merchandise, minerals, and cattle, £17,930 4s 9d ; total for tho week, £27,973 8s Id. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £450,457 10s lid. Weekly averago 20 weeks, £22,522 17s lOd. The yield of gold for tho past week, at Sand hurst, is about 2000 ozs. Dividends have been doclared, amounting to L1144. The bricklayers' strike at the Eastern Market is at an end, the contractors having conceded the demand made by the men for the Saturday half-holiday. The name of tho donor of £10,000 for a Pres byterian College is disclosed in the report of tho proceedings of the Presbyterian Assembly. The giver is Mr Francis Ormond, of Toorak, who offers £1 1,00:) towards tho erection of a college affiliated to tho Melbourne University on condi tion that an equal sutn is raised by other effort. Towards this amount, we learn from tho report of the committee, £6650 lias already been col lected. The Ministerial programme for the week is unaltered. Tho Land Bill will bo abandoned, and only the Appropriation Bill remains to be dealt with. If Ministers can push this measure through its preliminary stages to-day, they will bo ablo to prorogue on Friday. Tito Govern- I ment aro anxious to terminate business this : week, as Mr Borry, say3 tho Argus, will require at least a month to wind up arrears of business in his departments, and to make preparations for his voyage to England. j There is now and tlion, says the Star, a bi" 1 plum picked off tlio treo of mining speculation? Somo of them are being gathered off tho Cres- wick stocks now. During the race week Mr Russell, of Kingston, who held a thousand Ris- tori shares, mot Mr Stoddart, the sharebroker, of tho Corner, at an hotel in Melbourne, and sold him ten thousand shares in one parcel for £5000. Mr Russell bought tho shares a few months before at lis each, and thus made tho tidy littlo fortune of £450 o at one stroke. Sinco then the shares have risen to £G 10s, which enabled Mr Stoddart to sell at £1500 profit, but as lto believes in a more golden futuro for Ris- toris, ho holds the shares for " bigger licks." Tho Queen's Birthday Company crushed G30 tons. The fortnight's yield was 52Goz. 15dwt. of gold. A most keenly contested homing match was flown on Saturday afternoon from Gisborno to Melbourne. The six birds entered were liberated at 2 o'clock, and tho first shown was a blue Ant werp cock belonging to Mr A. Hart, which flew tho distance in 01 minutes, i The passengers who arrived at the port of Melbourne by sea during the past week num bered 897. Of these, 417 came from tlio neigh bouring colonies, 401 from the United Kingdom, 7 from Mauritius, 1 from Calcutta, 9 from Suva, ' and 2 from Pasocroean. During tho recent holding of tlio Maryborough sessions, says the Advertiser, an amusing inci dent occurred, which shows how easily a man ; may bo guilty of an unintentional double cnten- ; dre. Judge Bindon had made some remark about tho difficulty of hearing what a witness j was saying, when an official said, "It's tho j fault of the Court. " " What, sir ?" interjected I his Honour sharply. Seeing he had been mis understood, the culprit did not mend matters by apologetically explaining, "I did not mean your Honour, but the building." Intelligence was received at Seymour, about 1L o'clock on Saturday night that a house, kept by a person named Woods, be tween Seymour and Murchison, liad been stuck up and robbed by two armed men, about 1 o'tlock on Saturday morning. One of the rob bers wore a mask, and both were well mounted. The horses wero described as a dapple grey ancl a brown one. Sergeant Purcell, of Seymour, and Constable Ross, of Avenel, started at mid night for the scene of the robbery, which is dis tant 25 miles from here. The robbery is attri buted to Kelly or sonic of his gang. During the past week the vessels which liavc arrived in Hobson's Bay from British and for eign ports were the Orient liner, Cuzco, and the sailing vessels Sir John Lawrence and Renown, from London ; Mary Blair, from Foo-chow, with tea ; Charlotte Grant and Magellan, from Mau ritius, and Hindeborg, from Java, with sugar ; John R. Stanhope, from Japan, with rice ; Cingalese., from Calcutta, with castor oil and gunnies ; Fritheof , from San Francisco, aud Hes- ; perus, from Ljusne, with timber ; and Suva, I from Fiji, with sugar and maize. The Gamon, from the Baltic, with timber, passed the Heads on Sunday. Some days since an old man named Maundrell disappeared from Ballarat in a most mysterious manner. He was searched for by his friends in all directions, but nothing was heard of him till Friday morning last, when his body was found in a shallow waterliolo at the top of Inkerman Gully Black Hill. This hole says the Ballarat Star) is 8ft. long by 4ft. wide, and contains about 18in. of water. The unfortunate man seems to havo fallen in and being, by reason of age and in firmity, unable to release himself from tho mud at tho bottom, to havo been suffocated. His bag, containing provisions and a little money, was under him and the greater part of his body was above water. One of the boilers at the Racecourse Com pany's claim, Haddon, exploded on Saturday morning, demolishing the office on the claim, but fortunately without causing any further serious injury. The manager, Mr G. Wyatt, aud tho sluiceman, Mr C. Bray, were asleep at the time in the office, and wero buried in the debris, from which they were afterwards extracted with diffi culty. The manager escaped with a few slight bruises, but Bray was seriously cut about the head , and much bruised, but it is hoped not fatally. The engine driver, who is somewhat in jured, stood at his post using every means, by turning off steam and using the hose, to extin guish the fires. The exploded boiler, which has its end blown out, as also the whole of the insido tubes, lies about 351) feet from its original resting place. The cause of tho explosion was want of water in the boiler which became overheated. After tho fuss which has been made about tile establishment of the double-staff system in the Post-office, it seems strange to read that an employe of the department lias committed suicide on account of overwork. This, however, ac cording to the report of an inquest which wc, Argus, published on Saturday, was the fate of a letter-carrier named Worley, who .threw him self into the Yarra on Wednesday last and was drowned. His widow deposed at the inquiry that the deceased had been fretting from anxiety in connexion with his duties. ' ' He had a largor amount of "work to do than he could accomplish in the time allotted to him. He did the work without - complaining, but it was too much for him.'-'-; He had. been threatened with dismissal if ho did nqt5do.-.bettev, and-'A.tliis appeared to lmye preyed upon his mind."'1 The question will probably be asked, :whoi is responsible for this man's death 1 Was hq alone to blame for under taking work which lie could not perform, or was too great a strain put upon him by the depart ment The matter is one which demands inquiry. The state, while it should require its servants to bo active and zealous, has no right to work them to death, or to he in any sense a hard taskmaster. The Samoa Times states that " on Saturday, September 7, a large taumalua belonging to Fasi- toouta either sank or swamped between Apolima and Savaii, the whole crew of 33, with the excep tion of two, losing thoir lives. From what wo can learn it would seem that three large taumaluas (boats) belonging to Fasitoouta left Manono for Palauli, Savaii, on the morning of Saturday, with a strong S.E. wind and heavy sea running. Two were being paddled, while tho third went under sail ; the former reached Savaii in safety, but that under sail must have either capsized or sunk, no thing having sinco beon heard of it or its crew. Of those lost some 20 were young men, the re mainder women and children. The two who saved themselves — one of whom was Leau, a chief of Fasitoo — swam from the tuamalua while close to Apolima, with the intention of getting another boat to take part of the crew and pro perty. This boat ho got, but although every cftort was made, notliing'could bo discovered of either the boat or its filiated crew. Since then boats from Monono, Aana, and Savaii have been searching the Straits but unavailingly, and there can now be but littlo doubt but all have per ished." The Belfast Gazette learns that one of the sen sations in Melbourne last week was produced by a sable resident of that district and his lady. The well-known aboriginal " Jem Crim" and liis partner " Nellie" went to the metropolis, and for style and originality of dross caused more at traction than somo of those fashionably- attired ladies who carried a small fortune about the lawn upon their persons. "Nellie" had been specially decked out for tho occasion in a fashion ably- trimmed dress with the orthodox train ; her head gear was " immense," and a specimen of tlio milinery art, which site wore in a coquettish style. Her poor feet had not beon neglected, for she had on lady's lasting boots and railway stockings ; on her hands she woro white kid gloves ; and last, but not least, she carried a gorgeous parasol. Her lord and master strutted about as proud as a peacock, with his usual broad smile. " Jem" had been provided with a full suit of black, and a dust-coat to protect his garments, tall white hat, stand- up collar, and variegated necktie, and to complete his attire he flourished a fancy walking-stick. In this style tho happy pair marched about the principle streets, the "observed of all observers." 0)1 the Cup night, " Join" was observed hastening with his partner on his arm into the vestibule of the Theatre Royal, when lie was accompanied by a Belfastonian, and asked whore ho was bound for, when lie replied, " Me going along Thoatro scc-im King along it England." Ono porson questioned Jem where ho was staying when in Melbourne, and, with till tlio stylo imaginable, ho said, " Oil ! along Mister Molcsivorth, Wrixon and them follows." Join is thoroughly enjoyable himself, and while ho is suoli an at traction, with silver and beer plentiful, he has no clesiro to return to liis nativo place. Tho Sydney Evening News says— "Though the Bank of Now South Wales held, according to the financial statement, a cash balance in favour of the Government of over half a million, ior none of which did it pay more than 4 per cent, yet the Treasurer borrowed £200,000 from this bank, and is at the present moment, by the terms of its agreement, paying 7 per cent, for its own money. Why was this £200,000 treated as an asset, and ill no account as a liability 1 Surely that cannot be sound finance." An interesting phenomenon in natural history (writes the P. C. News) is at present exhibited at the Littlo Newington Company's claim, wo are informed. Sinking operations, were re sumed some timo since, in order to prosecute which work it was found necessary to dam the water back at about 380 feet from the surface. From this dam tlio water which lias been con fined for some time, is being pumped, and along with the . water, wc understand, hundreds of small fish are being brought to the surface, some of them fully three inches in length. Tlio little finny strangers aro unmistakably in tho water, and tho question arises as to how tliey came there. A peculiar caso of attempted suicide occurred on Sunday forenoon at West, Geelong. A black mailer, named Robert Walsh, aged 74 years, cut his throat with a razor, but before he had time to inflict more than a severe gash the razor was taken out of his hand by one of liis sons. The wound bled profusely, and tlio old man was at once brought into the hospital, where the injury was attended to and Walsh put into bed. When questioned as to his reason for trying to deprive himself of life, Walsh slated that for the past twelve months he had thought at va rious intervals that some one wanted to kill him. On Sunday he had another attack, and as the imaginary pel-soil said he would kill him before Christmas lie determined to save liim the trouble, and for that object drew the razor across liis throat. The Ballarat Star writes : — The diamond drill now being used for boring purposes on the Loughlin Company's claim, Kingston, was fairly started at work on Saturday, though an actual "beginning was made on Friday, when about two feet of broken rock was bored through. The machinery worked exceedingly well, and the only difficulty experienced so far is the fractured state of the blucstonc rock which the drill has passed as yet, these breaks causing the core brought up by the drill to splinter and jam in the core-barrel, thus necessitating its removal more often than if the rock were solid. Quite a small crowd of people watched the drill at work on Saturday, and carried off the pieces of the core except a few ragged portions, as me mentoes of the affair. When the drill was started a hole liad been sunk about twelve feet to the rock, so that when a start was made on Saturday morning the bit of the drill was four teen feet below the surface, and by tho time boring was stopped for the day it had pierced its way sixteen feet lower, though the operator in charge said that twenty-four leet could have been got through if the stone had beon any thing like solid. As an instance of the rate at which the drill will work, when the drill got into a little settled rook, ten minutes was all the time required in which to put the bore down a couple of feet, which will give the shareholders in the company some indication of the progress likely to be made as the drills get do an deeper. Mr Griscom, the gentleman brought over from America to look after the drills and give instruc tions as to how they should bo worked, went out to Kingston on Sunday to be in roadiness to see the drill at work on Monday- morning, and he will probably remain near, at hand for a few days. Major Smith will, we understand, visit the claim to inspect the drill next Friday. 