CITY COUlICIIi. AIonday, September 2, 1878. Present : His Worship the Mayor (Air. W. P. Green), Aldermen Burgess, Addison, Alalier, Wntchom, Espic, Daly, and Pike. minutes. were read and confirmed.1 8 moxti'elteit retreat. . The Public Works Committee - reported, with reference to tho petition for repairs in the above neighborhood, between. Hampden Road and Byron-street, that tho matter bo dealt with when the estimates for next year should bo under consideration. Adopted. bybon-strekt." The recommendation that Air. John Griffiths bo allowed to erect a bridge over the eido channel in the' abovo street was agreed to. .old market. ' With regard to the application of tho lessee of the OlcP Market for repairs to the stalls, . the Public , Works Committee v re ported that a sum not to exceed £G be ex pended ; and their roport was adopted. - , correspondence. Letters were read — . From James R. Frcre, asking for improve ments in Frederick-street. Referred to the' Public Works Committee., Froin Alcssrs,. Andrews and "Wiggins, also asking for improvements. Referred to the same committee. - From Mr. William Snow, requesting a few loads of rubble, for tho purpose of erecting a portion of a wall. Referred to the Public Works Committee. From Mr. John Peacock, asking permis sion to erect a bridge over the channel opposite his premises, at the Old Wliarf. Granted. ' From Mr. Henry Hunter, requesting leavo to erect a bridge in front of Mr. Watehorn's new stores in Elizabeth-street, and that cer tain improvement he made in the footpath. Referred to the Public Works Committee. From Air. D'Arcy .Read, requesting tho patronage of tho Alayor and Aldermen for one of lus entertainments iii the Town Hall (" D'Arcy Read's Ghost "), also urging that tho Council should inako a slight concession with regard to the charge of the Town Hall, ,in consideration of the loss, ho had sustained through his not being able- to open there at' the timo ho had intended doing. It vras agreed that . : tho ; patronage bo granted, and that tlio .'other , request , bo re ferred' to the Town Hall. Committee. From the Hon. the Colonial /Secretary stating, with reference" to a resolution re cently carried by Alderman Watchorn; that the Government had duly considered whether tho Hobart -Town publicans' liconsos should bo paid into tho" local ' Council's funds,' and- that ' they - wcre V not prepared to agree to tho proposition at present, as the. .licenses formed an important part of the revenno ; and if they were con- ecdoct to the Council in Hobart Town thoy. should also bo conoedcd in Launceston, and in every district in tho colony. The Govern ment considered that , they did sufficient when they subsidised the fund required for the payment of tho police. Received, . revenue. The Town Clerk reported tliatthc revenue I®' JM,onok ,e"cl,!"g August 22 had amounted1 to X.109S 5s. Id.; and for tho following :weok" to £448 15s. fld- ; . 'adjournment, i llio Council adjourned for a fortnight--- 