The Chronicle. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1878, Sir Charles Slalen's speech at "Warr nambool was of a forensic character, and is as remarkable for what he did not, as for what he did say. With regard to the present or future, Sir Charles says little or nothing, not thinking it prudent or statesmanlike, we presume, under existing circum stances, to " discuss the signs of the times." But with reference to the past, he left nothing unsaid that re quired to be said in defence of the Council from Mr. Berry's attacks in his flippant and foolish Gee long "indictment." Throughout, he showed that the Council were shut up to the course they had adopted with regard to every measure which came before them—beginning with the Hail-. way, and ending with the Appropria tion Bill—and that the repeated at tacks of- Mr. Berry and his colleagues and supporters on them were merely intended to divert attention from their own assault on the integrity of the Constitution and established laws of the country. Some may probably think Sir Charles Sladen's speech a little too argumentative for a mixed audience, and we have, in fact, seen as much stated in print, but it should be remembered that Sir Charles desired, as he stated at the outset; to lay before those whom he was addressing, " without any concealment, with perfect | sincerity and truthfulness, every feeling which had given rise to the condition of affairs, so far as he was concerned, during the present session," and that this necessitated much elaboration and minuteness of detail. Nor should it be forgotten that Sir Charles was " speaking not only for himself, but for the Legislative Council, of which he is a member," and that his speech was not in tended as an ad captandum appeal to the passions and prejudices of a promiscuous gathering, but as a careful and well arranged statement of facts to which the more thoughtful might refer when they found them in print for accurate and precise information on all points connected with the crisis. Let Sir Charles Sladen's speech at Warrnam bool, which we give in some of our subsequent columns at length, be viewed in this light, and it will be found an invaluable document, of which too much cannot be said in praise. His reference to Palmer's case in the House of Com mons, as analagous to the insertion of payment of members in the Appropria tion Bill of the present session, was quite in point. As a "tack" was ob jected to by Ministers in the House of Commons, so the Opposition were justi fied in resisting it in the Council. Having met the assailants of the Council on every point of attack, Sir Charles's pe-1 | roration, delivered amidst much inter ruption, was admirable. "What was U* crime ot which the Council had been' fowdnUtji They had had the audacity nol'tote urfueoced by the threats ful njtattl against them by the Ministry ia onhr to compel them to pass the vote of £300 a year for those gentle men in the Assembly, who were now supporting the Government in their illegal courses." "Aye, there's the rub!" And those who heard Sir Charles showed that they felt it by greeting what he said with " loud and prolonged applause." We hardly think it was worth our Mel bourne correspondent's while to re-open the West Melbourne election question, although supplying us with important information in reference to it not ob tainable, as far as we know, from any other source. Nor should we have re ferred to the matter again, but for the desponding view our correspondent takes of its effects on the mercantile and monied interests, and for the gloomy account he gives of the exag gerated expectations of the revolution ary party in consequence. Our plain duty in such a case is not to lose heart, much less discourage others, and there are good and valid reasons why we should look for a turn in the tide, and for an end to the present disastrous state of affairs. Sir George Bo wen has, we observe, on the advice of his Ministers, refused to send home the telegram agreed to by the Council on Wednesday last, but it has been sent, and his recall is as certain as that the sun will shine to-morrow. . For this we shall probably have to wait a much shorter time than His Excellency ex pects, but whether long or short, wait we should—wait we must—patiently wait—and, depend upon it, we shall have no more " Revolutionary Gover nors" sent out to us at £10,000 a year. Let the mercantile and monied classes, therefore, take heart of grace, and not allow themselves to be coerced into submission to any wild and despotic schemes of government, by the illegal and unconstitutional acts of a gentle man—who is known to take his im pressions from the last person he speaks with—because he happens to occupy temporarily the position of the highest " stipendiary" on our civil list, and is a "good diner out." Then, again, there will as assuredly be a reac tion in the public mind, when the pre sent wild excitement has blown over, and people generally begin to feel that they have been made alike the victims and the dupes of the grossest acts of misgovernment, [as it is certain that Sir Geokge Bowen will be recalled. Men do not live by bread alone, but they cannot live without it, and when men of small means begin to see that their property is to-be frittered and wasted away, and the working men begin to feel that the wages fund of the colony is to be dried up, unless those now in office are allowed jto pocket their £2,000, and their parliamentary supporters their £300 a year, they will be as swift and as violent in their re venge, as they are now unreasoning and earnest in their support. Of all dyn asties, anarchy is the shortest lived, and that is just the kind of system our Melbourne correspondent speaks of as having been set up With a Home ruler as their Attorney-General, the .present Ministry are to govern the country for the next ten years. That is their boast, and they hope to accom plish it by threatening to shut up the railways, to stop the mails, disband the police, open the gaols, and doing many other like things, unless their wishes are complied with in this respect. There is to be a close democratic dicta torship, from this time forth and for evermore, in which they are to hold per petual office. That they are loudly proclaiming, but there are many con ditions precedent to this, which they have not so fully calculated upon as they ought. They must first drive all capital and intelligence out of the colony, get the consent of the Imperial authorities and of the people, and de stroy the Constitution altogether. That they will attempt these things, unless their career is cut short, we do not doubt. But there is an overruling providence by which it is ordained that things always mend when they come to the worst. We are no prophets, and do not pretend to see our^way out of the present difficulty more clearly than others. But that a way will be found, and that soon, we have the fullest con fidence. And our advice therefore, is, to watch and wait, and to be ever ac tive on the side of law and order. Men go mad in herds, but they recover their reason surely, albeit, sometimes slowly. The first step towards this recovery in our case, will be the recall of Sir George Bowen, and when this is effected, all else will follow. He has done his worst to make Victoria a "shocking example" of misrule to the whole of the neighbor ing colonies, but" a puff will unmake him, as a puff has made." Mr. Berry and his colleagues have been mere puppets in Sir George Bowen's hands, and when he is gone, their power will be at an end. What will follow then, we cannot predict, but we confi dently look for a reversal in the exist ing, state of things. It will take time, no doubt, to restore things to their former condition, but that will be done, with or without organisation. At the same time, it is the duty, we once more repeat, of all the friends of Constitu tional government to organise, and wait. If all votes of public money become legally available for expenditure imme diately on their being passed by the Assembly, what is all this hubbub about] Why does not Mr. Berut proceed with the expenditure of all the money votes included in the Ap propriation Bill for 1878-79, which has been laid aside by the Council, instead of having recourse to declara tory resolutions on the subject! Mr. Berry must know, that he is either right or wrong in resolving to spend public monies without the consent of the Council, and if right, why does he wait for the sanction of the Imperial authorities to such a course 1 For the very obvious reason that he knows that he is altogether wrong in endeavor ing to deal with public monies in the manner proposed on Wednesday last, and that there is not the ghost of a chance of his being allowed to do it But let us go a step or two farther: let us suppose, what we believe to be absolutely certain, the receipt of a telegram or despatch from the Secretary of State lor the Colonies, declaring thai Mr. BuiT to be wrong, uA directing the Governor—whoever he may \\)6 —on no account, to allow of such an illegal and unconstitutional act, what then? Will Mr. Berry resign, or persist in going to the country on this question? Of the former, there is no prospect, and how could any Governor allow him to do the latter, without first pro viding the means for carrying on the public businessof the country? Granted that any gentlemen the Governor might call to his counsels would be in the same predicament: that they would stand no better chance, with the pre sent Assembly, of obtaining supplies, before going to the country, than the present Government: yet there would be a marked, a striking, an essen tial difference between the two cases. Mr. Berry's object in going to the country would be to reverse the deci sion of the Secretary of State for the Colonies—to set the Constitutian Act at defiance—to ride roughshod over the Audit Act, and the Commissioners of Audit—whilst that of any gentlemen the Governor might call to his counsels, in place of Mr. Berry and his col leagues would be the very opposite. Moreover, Mr. Berry and his col leagues, haveahown such a disposition to obstmct the public business of the country, and, by the aid of their sup porters in the t Assembly, to throw everything into confusion by threats and acts of violence, as no longer to deserve to be trusted, either by Sir George Bowen, or any one who might succeed him. Whatever might be said, therefore, in favor of any other gentle men going to the country without sup plies, if driven to such an extremity, nothing could be said in their favor. The presumption against them would be, that they would still further delay. the public business of the country, and seek to make " confusion worse con founded," instead of softening down asperities, and removing difficulties out of the way. Therefore, in the event of a dissolution without supplies, what has now been stated would be a suffi cient reason why it should be granted to others—not to them, and the dread of this is probably what has lately led them to talk of a speedy appeal to the country. They held no such language on that subject a short time ago as they do now, and this, conse quently, seems to be a fair interpreta tion to put on their change of opinion. The farther we go, the more certain it becomes, that there is no way out of the present difficulty, except by a dissolu tion, and it must be evident to all that it cannot be granted to the present Government, with safety to the country. A dread of this is making them rest less, anxious, and furious, but it will be worse in the reality, than it is in expectation only. In any case, the loss of the £300 a year for their supporters will be one of its concomitants. Another batch of tenders was accepted by the Hampclen Council on Wednesday last. In doing this, the Council doubtless thought themselves right, but they may yet find they were wrong to their cost. They must, at any rate, if they thought on the matter at all, have had greater faith in the Go vernment, or they would have paused a little, before entering on any fresh works. On Thursday last, as was stated in these columns on the follow ing day, the Warmambool Shire Coun cil declined to proceed with any new works until the Government subsidy is paid, and that is only one out of four Shire Councils in the Western District which have come to that decision. Nor are these small and unimportant shire councils—Wannoa taking the lead, with Ararat and Kowree close in the rear, and Warrnambool making up the quartette—all actuated by the same spirit, and desirous of avoiding any difficulty which may arise from a breach of faith on the part of the Government. We do not blame the gentlemen of whom these councils are composed : we rather commend them for their prudence, and we should not be sur prised to hear of others following their example at no distant date. Should this be done, however—or to speak more plainly, should it be forced on the shire councils generally by the action of the Government—in what way would the working men, who have been tossing up their caps so fiercely and so joyously for the Government, be affected by it? We might well be filled with anguish at a thought of the distress it would bring to many families —second only in its bitterness to that of the civil servants dismissed at a moment's notice without any fault of their own —and yet it seems as though nothing short of this will lead working men in the country dis tricts to a true sense of their position. They have seen, and must feel, to some extent, the effects of the withdrawal of private capital from the labor market, and when public bodies begin to follow suit, these, we should think, will be seen more clearly, and must be felt more acutely. But there is no knowing to what lengths infatuation will drive large bodies of the working men, nor how long they will pursue a course which lessens the wages fund, and seems to be destructive to their own interests, when their passions are inflamed by noisy demagogues, instead of their good sense being appealed to. Let the working men lay this matter to heart, however, for think of it as they now may, the time will come when meetings of the unemployed will take the place of meetingsof the National Re form Association, and when they will be more anxious to get work, than to see the quarrel with the Council over the con tinuance of £300 a year to the sup porters of the Government kept up. Selfishness, pure and unadulterated, lies at the bottom of the present poli tical devilry—not patriotism. This must l>e patent to all not wishing to be deceived—to the working men no less than to others. Give Mr. Berry's supporters their L3OO a year, and the working men may starve for all they care. The line of fortifications at Constanti nople have boen .surrendered by the Turks into the hands of the Russians, and the great question now is, what are to be the terma of the peace ! Over these, another battle will have to be fought, but this time, we sincerely hope, merely a diplomatic one. It is difficult, however, to say what turn events will take, especially atter the news received late last evening. | Both House* of Parluknent aieet to morrow, and it it rumored that Mr. Wilson, one of the minority, will move that the pay ment of meabers bill be restored to the no tice paper, but there ia uo more chance of that being done, than of Mr. Wilson being made Emperor of all the Hums. In the As. ■tWUry, H a reported that t* Government will practically abandon the resolution they adopted on Wednesday last, by seeking the sanction of the House to use the revenue from the various departments under the au thority of the 45th section of the Constitu tion Act. The ch«ue reads as follows :— " The consolidated revenue of Victoria shall be permanently charged with all the costs, charges, expenses incident to the collection, management, and receipt thereof, such coats, charges, and expenses being subject never theless to be reviewed and audited in such manner as shall be directed by any act of the Legislature." It ib considered by the Government that, with the consent of the Audit Commissioners, this latest discovery will enable the Treasurer to pay away public funds without the authority of an Appropri ation Act. But will the Audit Commission ers give their consent ? It is not likely, we think. And if they do, what would the Go vernor say ? In our brief report of the proceedings at the Hampden Shire Council's meeting on Wed nesday last in our issue of Friday in reference to tha refusal of one of th? magistrates (sign a warrant for the recovery of a fine of £25. justice was hardly done to three members of the Council, and great injustice was done to Mr. Picken, the Council's solicitor. Mr Mackinnon distinctly stated at the meeting that he did not feel himself in a position, from the information before him, to pro nounce an opinion as t» whether the warrant, which Mr. Ower had characterised as a "disgrace," was good or bad in law, and Mr. Walker, and Mr Buchanan also, took the same view of the matter. What did not come out &t; th« meeting, however, but which we find on enquiry to be strictiy true, and which we feel bound to state in justice to Mr. Picken, is, that he had no thing to do with the warrant, beyond applying for it,as requested, and that what ever defect there may have been in it, rests with others, and not with him. Indeed, we have the distinct authority of the per son who filled it up in the office of the Clerk of the Court for stating, that, if blame is to be attributed to any one, it should be to himself. The Rev. Samuel Fraser "believes there are some things about our report" of what took place in the Presbyterian Church, Camperdown, on Wednesday last, "which may make a wrong impression on the minds of those who were not present." We, on the contrary, believe there are some things in Mr. Fraser's letter, which are calculated to produce a wrong impression on the minds of many of those who were present, as also on the minds of all who were absent. Mr. Fraser says : — "At the congregational meeting held at Camperdowa on the fith inst. to moderate iv a call, no one said that anything had occurred in the interval to alter this unanimity"—the unanimity stated to exist in the congregation by the Com missioners at Mortlake on the Bth ultimo. Surely, Mr. Fraser could not hare heard what Mr. John Walls said at the meeting on Wed nesday, and which we here repeat in place of Mr. Walls is more briefly reported to have said in our last issue, Mr. Walls in sub stance said:—"He knew sixteen heads of families who were ready to vote for one of the candidates when they held their last meeting in that place, and requested a moderation in a call. Since then, that candidate was placed, owing to the delay which had taken placed, and the congregation were more divided in opinion now than they were be fore." Again, Mr. Fraser "holds that the question of going on or stopping was virtually submitted to the meeting," in contradiction of our report, because the meeting at his solicitation proceoded to vote for four dif ferent candidates, and did not vote against the candidate who had the final majority. Well by this process of reasoning, the ques tion of going on orstoppiug might have been "virtually" submitted to the meeting, but it in no way affects the strict accuracy of our report, thr»t the suggested postponement of the proceedings' till lfitb of April, or an earlier day, was not submitted to the meet ing. What Mr. Fraser sarcastically says in his letter about what dropped from Mr. Jaires Allen at the meeting might have been omitted with advantage, and we should have omitted it, had not Mr. Fraser requested that his ktter might be published, " without curtailment, alteration, or omission of any kind whatever." We have at length had an agreeable change of weather. On Saturday afternoon, it began to rnin, and this continued, with slight intervals, during the night. On Sun day morning, ihe rain commenced again, and there was a good down-pour, with a few slight breaks, during the day. Yesterday, there were some signs of its clearing up in the earlier part of the day, but towards evening, it became cloudy, with the appearance of more rain. This is much wanted, owing to the long continuance of dry weather, but what we have had will do great good, and the sun will begin to lose its power. Should we, therefore, get a little more rain, the evaporation will not be so great. As yet we have nothing particular to complain of, and we shall now, we hope, get pretty well through the season. We regret to hear that it is the intention of 3ir Jamus M'C'illoch to retire from the representation of Warrnambool at the close of the present session of Parliament. Sir James, we understand, then intends to re tire into private life, after having served the country so long and so faithfully. Whenever he does so, he will carry with him the respect and esteem of a large num ber of friends. The business formerly conducted by Mr. Robert Speuco, blacksmith, of Manifold street, Camperdown, is advertised for sale by Mr. John Cameron, storekeeper, Mani fold street, trustee to the estate. Tenders .will be received by Mr. Cameron, up to the 2Sth inst., and full particular will be sup plied by him to any intending purchasers. The nominations for the Hampden Cup and Handicap Hurdle Race to be run at the ensuing race meeting on the 22nd Feb ruary, closed on Saturday evening last. The entries for the former are very satis factory, and include some first- class horses. Owing to Mr. Barnard's absence iv Tas mania, that gentleman has intimated that he will be unable to act as handciapper, and that duty has therefore been accorded to Mr. G. V. Vowles (Kensington Park Han dicapper). The handicaps will appear, as advertised, in our Friday's isiue. Camperdown seems to be getting famed for prodncing large hen eggs. Another of these " extraojdiuary" curiosities was sent to our office yesterday from Mr. James Jackson's brewery establishment. Upon being measured it was found to be 6J inches round the middle, and lh inches when mea sured lengthwise. It turned the scale at a quarter of a pound, and may now be seen in Messrs. T. and W. Down's window. The adjonrned annual meeting of the sub scribers to the Camperdown Mechanics' In stitute is called for this evening at eight o'clock sharp. This is the third time the meeting has been called, and subscribers should for this reason particularly baar it it in mind. A few days ago, two gentlemen were shooting along the Emu Creek, and when trying to sneak upon some ducks, they ob served a snake coming out of the water, with something in its mouth. One of the gentle men immediately sh->tthe snake, when it was found to be a black tisb, which the venomous reptile was endeavoring to land. This raises a very important question, and one that should lie enquired into. Do snakes destroy foreign lish introduced into these waters at so much trouble and expense! It seems highly probably that they do. The following is the resolution adopted by the Warrnambool Shire Council at its meet ing on Thursday last, and to which reference is made in our leading columns :—" That in view of the rinauc<al statement now pre sented to the Council, no further tenders be accepted or new works undertaken in the Shire, and this to continue tiil the Govern ment endowment is actually in hand." Friday's Gazette has the following notifica t:onB. The granting of licenses to the following persons has been approved :— Joseph Callaivay, 320 acres, Timboon; Frederick Ilett, 178 acres, Timboon; James Bryan, 179 acres, Timboon; William Nicol, 127 acres, Jancourt; William Durbridge, 240 acres, Timboon ; JohnTregea, 236 acres, Paaratte; George M'Leod, 271 acres, Brack - nell. The license of George T. Preston of 149 acres, parish of Paaratte, having expired by efflnxion of time, the land will be open for selection on and after Friday, 22nd February, at 9 o'clock a.m. In the town ship of Listnore a block of laud being suburban allotment 27, of section 2. and con taining 80 acres, has been reserved from tYe operation of the 19th and 49th ■ectiow of the LttdAct. Gordon and Gotch's Australian Hand book, Almanac, and Shippers' and Impor ters' Directory is to the whole of these colonies what Havter's Victorian Year Book is to Victoria, and a great deal more. The former does not deal so exclusively as the latter with hard dry statistics, but par takes more of the character of a gazetteer, and is indispensable to all seeking 9 thorough acquaintance with these colonies. We have the ninth year's issue of this in valuable publication, which has now ex panded into a handsomethickoctavo volume, before ns, and we observe that several new features have been introduce i into it this year, which makes it as complete as a work of this kind possibly can be. No expense has been spared in its production, and the whole of the informatian it contains, which has been corrected and brought down to the latest dates, is so well arranged, as to enable any one, with the aid of its copious indexes, to find what he wants without the least delay. On| turning over its page 3, with a new to this brief notice, we have been surprised at the accuracy, extent, and minuteness of its information on points with which we are familar, and we cannot too highly commend it. Its maps of the different colonies are all first class, and, whilst form ing a very important feature in the work, add greatly to its usefulness. It should not only be in every counting house, but ia the hands of every intelligent Australian settler. "As Epoch op Public Distrust" is the title of the first article in the Australian Insurance and Banking Record for the pre seut mouth, and were it not that Mr. Berry and his colleagues are past learning, it would be well for them to read it. Here is one ex tract, and we regret our inability to give more :—" The pretended friends of the working men may assure them that the crippling of the employer will not hurt the employed—may promise them that a poli tical triumph will compensate for the want of occupation. But surely their intelligence will not succumb to pretence 3 so hollow as these. And it is of the last importance that such should not be the case. For, with the immense political power held, and not likely to be yielded, by the working men in this colony, it is useless to blink the fact, that the recovery from a con- lition of dis trust and depression mainly depends upon the intelligent use they make of the power in their hands." The Caramut races took place on Friday last, aud resulted as follow :—Maiden Plate —M'Keuna's Mary Ann, 1; M'lntyre's Too Late, 2 ; Baker's King of the Ring, 3. Open Handicap — Baker's Prosper, 1; Darcy's Ingleside, 2 ; Whitehead's Barwon, 3. The Publicans' Purse resulted in a walk over for Mackenzie's Transit. The Selling Race was also a walk over for M'Donald's Tommy Todd. The Hurry Scurry, which brought ■ix starters to the post, was won by Baker's Jacko. On the whole, the races were not so well patronised as the programme deserved, and the absence of a Hurdle Race caused great dissatisfaction. Whilst some children, says the Ararat Advertiser, were playing amongst the holeß on the Canton Lead, on Saturday afternoon, one of them, in a childish quarrel pushed another down a shaft 35 or 40 feet deep. Some men were speedily on the spot, and the child was brought to the surface, when it found that beyond a few bruises on the fore head, it was uninjured. Luckily the hole was a dry one, though in close proximity there are some wet shafts, and if the child had fallen down one of these, it would probably have been drowned before assistance conld have arrived. 