GOSSIP AT OUR BREAKFAST TABLE. PUBLIC opinion—that mysterious, immaterial, evanescent, world-moving influence, which itself is as mythical as fJanquo's ghost, and yet is more powerful than any other known agency is formed by an aggregation of conversational J atoms, shaped by the bias of individual minds, | and corrected by social interchange. Thus Mrs. Brown considerably modifies her view of the Docas charity promoters after a season of sweet confidence with Mrs. Jones; and Brown himself, umquhile a devoted admirer of Mr. Boucaut and his policy, begins to believe in Ward and future glory after a confab with the latter marvellous statesman. We exert this influence involuntarily upon one another, and can't resist results. Those results, pretty well shaken, squared, and dumped, come out into that intangible mass of fretful contradictions which newspaper men call public opinion. It is thus at our daily matutinal meal, under the roof of genial Mrs. —r—, who, though the relict of a nabob of iintold (Indian) wealth, condescends, in the interests of humanity, to receive a few young gen tlemeti at her table ; it is thus, I say, at our breakfast table, we daily have an assortment of fragmentary observations on men and things that, I have no. doubt, do a forming the public opinion of the Port. And having the advantage of communication with from timfe Jo tinfe jwith small instalments of our conversation in ail its unconventional purity. One thing remains > io. be, d° n e ere I 6onunence my task—mutual infeoduction. Permit me : Angelina Jane (my fairest reader), Mr. De Spinks (aristocratic) ; Mr.iEllessdee (engaged in commerce); Mr. Shirk (a democrat, without business -occupation) ;- Mr. Shaker (jocular, limited) ; and Mr. Crusty (misanthropic). The first inquiry each morning is, of course, What's in the newspapers ? ^'Crusty (wbo gets up first solely that he may have the enjoyment of reading the murder and accident-cases) replies, "Nothing. Only three insolvencies, an attempted suicide—the fool not to complete ; an accident, crops rusted, a strike, and a lot of other rubbish. I declare the newspapers axe not worth De Spinks—Any fashionable intelligence 9 Ellessdee—How are the markets 1 Shirk—How about the Seamen's and Firemen's Union ? \- Shaker—Any jokes ? Crusty, as is his wont, refuses to answer, and convention becomes mixed, ....Those Union fellows aire making a rod for their own backs. Nothing of the kind ; they are simply resisting tyranny. The boot'iS on the other leg. A pretty pass, indeed, when men may dictate who shall and who shall not be employed ! To my mind the tyranny is the other way about. .........Is it true that all hands on the Lubra struck? Yes, and plenty of others, Union and non- Union, applied for their places. Well, what good is the Union doing, then-? Is it a benefit society 1 No, narra one. Well, what doHhe men get for their subscriptions 1 That's more than anybody knows. Did you read Secretary Turnbull's letter last week 1 Where was.it In the local News. No; I don't take that rag. Then the worse for you. I tell you it was manlyand in excellent spiiit. But the men don't know when they are well oft ........ .That's your notion. ...Did you go to the Musical Union Concert last week 1 No. No. Yes; did you? . Yes, and found it enjoyable enough in some senses. Oughton conducted "with his usual ability," as the newspapers say; but I give you my word for it that it was a great failure in two respects. (Several Voices)—In what way ? First, the accompaniments were m every case too heavy for the voices, actually drowning them ; and secondly, the singers, with one exception, appeared to regard it as quite unnecessary to articulate the words of the songs. This is an unpardonable defect, and I am BUT- prised at a man of Oughton's ability permitting such a patent error to pass. Now, Daniels's Saturday night affair was, in this respect as well as others, really far more enjoyable, and therefore more popular. You're rough ton Oughton. He won't like it, and the papers always praise him so. Can't helplt. " The' truth's tlie truth. Most public " men are over-praised or over-blamed, darn 'em. Any of you fellows heard Mrs. Lake preach ? Some of us have. I tell you she can preach, too. She has got brains and a voice ; I and what is more, a woman's tact and sympathy. I snmo wnmAn Sympathy; havfi crnt. umph! That' more than some women have got. Tact; umph ! That's more than some men have got. She's well connected, ;isn't she 1 Yes, Master Aristocrat ; she got a clever husband. ^ .........'JThat^s for you, De Spinks. What does ,A it matter, so that men and women are true and upright, whether they - have —J had \- - a blue-blooded, - Roman-nosed, spindle-shanked old progenitor, or a hard-working labourer- as the author of their miserable being, eh? Of the two, they would probably get the best health and physique from the pick-and-shovel man; and as for the rest, it's all a matter of twopence or twopencehalfpenny per week for schooling. The extra halfpennygoes for manners and mincing carriage. (De Spinks omits to reply). ...What about these immigrants ? There's been a pretty pother made about them. Pother, indeed ! I reckon that dinner was about the best thing that I've seen done since I have been in the Port. It was a fine sight that in the Town Hall on Monday night, there were so many happy faces ; and- Happy faces ; umph ! Don't believe in 'em. And there was such a worthy set of fellows on the platform—all self-made men. And then the solid, hard-headed advice of Minister Henderson was worth half a life's experience to those new chums. Yes, I guess the speaking, on the whole, was good. One speaker, for example, hit out on a very original line of remark when he said our Parliament would "bear favourable epmparison with that of any other colony." I don't remember that ever having been said before. And it's so true, too. Isn't it time that the pools of stagnant water were filled in with silt 1 Yes, but we want the silt. There's too much in the stream and too little in the Port. But in time we may have both silted up, with good management! —Can any of you fellows tell me who is to be Mayor this, next year ? ..What, i&Jriend; David Bower going to give up ? ...I don't know, only I hear that there was a talk of his wanting to be relieved at the end of the present term. Well, he's done good work for Port Adelaide, if any man ever did; and he will be missedjgchen he retires. The Port owes him a good deal That's true ; and he owes a good deal to the Port! r . . — • . - J * < * M-ntM fellows had waited on Muecke, and no doubt he'd be a capital man ; but he says he can't spare the time from business. Who the next man may be it's hard to telL WE understand that the s.s. Lubra shipped a full complement of hands after her. crew had left her, as a result of the protest and notice of the Seamen's and Firemen's Union. Some few of these new employes, we hear, at a later period threw up their engagements, but that did not interfere with the arraignments of the owners. The latter, we learn, d6 not propose to submit to what they consider as .an unjustifiable dictation of the manner in which they may conduct their business. In relation ±o. the r suggestion as to the possible employment of Asiatics, as a last resource to be availed of by the Company, the following query was found on Wed nesday,-' writtenUpon a wooden sleeper lying upon the WhaiiH:—*' What shall we do with the Chinamen when they come ?" A wag, who evidently does not fully undarstandthe ^gravity of the position, promptly supplied the written answer—" Why, boil them down !" If John is master of the vernacular, he will scarcely be very anxious to conic -with such a very unpleasant prospect before him ! AMONG the handsomest and most substantiallooking of the public buildings at Port Adelaide will be the fine offices for the. Marine Board, now erecting by Messrs. Williams and Cleve, at the corner of Commercial-road and Northparade. The back portion has been carried to its full height, and the facade is going up as rapidly as possible. It will be remembered that the stone for this structure was in the first instance brought from Manoora; but subsequently the stone from that locality was condemned by the Government, and other stone of very fine quality has been substituted. The contract time for finishing the building is May next, and the work is evidently being carried out most satisfactorily. IT was a "happy thought," proceeding from a generous impulse, that led Host Sefton, the caterer for the Immigrants' Dinner in the Town Hall, to place the whole of the surplus provi sions from that entertainment at the disposal of the married men who came out by the Largo Bay. The offer was accepted with enthusiasm, and the supplies were quickly transferred from plates and dishes, &c.;, to ample; pockets and handkerchiefs, and in one case to a hat! Per haps the last item may not prove so shocking to delicate sensibilities, however, when we mention that the foraging included the fruit, such as apples and oranges, which had not previously found consumers. Two fine stores are now being erected by Messrs. Robin and Hack, to the order of Messrs. H. Muecke and Co., from plans prepared by Mr. Luehrs, on the site in Divett-street formerly occupied by the Carrying Company for their stabling. The buildings, which are being erected in a most substantial manner, form a square measuring 100 ft. every way, and will be so com modious and so easily accessible as to make them very desirable as business premises, or suitable for bonded stores. They constitute one of the very many prominent improvements which the Port is now exhibiting. BUILDING operations are being carried on with extreme briskness in and around the Port and Semaphore, and the neighbourhood of Glanville bids fair to become as thickly populated as any part of the district. We have been particularly struck with the number of comfortable-looking villa residences lining the Semaphore-road, and the prospect is that ere long the few gaps now existing will be filled up. We observe that two very nice residences are being erected for Dr. Mortimer, from designs furnished be Mr. Luehrs, the architect. WE understand that the members of the Semaphore Baptist Church (which has been formed under the pastorate of Mr. Price, lately of Moonta) have resolved upon the erection of a chapel, on a site off the Semaphore-road, in Turton-street. The building, which is intended for temporary occupation only, will be of weatherboard, and is to accommodate a congregation of considerably over 200 persons. Operations commence immediately. THE services conducted by Mrs. Lake, on behalf of the Bible Christian Churches in this locality, have been spoken of generally in terms of high praise. Her friends may always count on large audiences for her on any occasion when she may be able to assist them. THE Rev. Mr. McCalman ministered in the Presbyterian Church on Sunday last to a large congregation, with great acceptance. He may be expected again to conduct services to-morrow (Sunday). THE anniversary of the Semaphore Wesleyan Church on Sunday and Monday last was quite a success. The Rev. R. M. Hunter created a most favourable impression upon his audiences, not by labored effort, but by the natural outflow of a mind gifted and cultured. The Monday evening celebration was presided over by Mr. Theodore Hack, who conducted a most pleasant and effective meeting. Addresses were delivered by Revs. Hunter and Haslam, Mr. Price (pastor of the Semaphore Baptist Church), and Dr. Bollen; and the financial proceeds from the anniversary effort reached the sum of £112. WE are sorry to learn that Mr. Moss Barnett, an old Portonian, was leaning against a fence, the other day, which gave way under his pressure, causing him to fall and break one of his ribs. He is being attended by Dr. Mortimer, and is progressing favourably. THE Institute Committee meet on 2nd Oct. SUICIDE.—A young fellow named John Williams, a drover, who arrived in Adelaide from Kinchega on 17th September, shot himself with a revolver in the house of Susan Ibbotsen, Grote-street, on Tuesday evening. A DUST-STORM, excelling the best effort that the Port can make, is reported at Mount Gambier. The soil there consists largely of decomposed volcanic ash, and when it makes up its mind for a good solid storm of that kind, the inhabitants get enough to last them for a year or two. Now, at the Port we are always on the look out for dust, and never stop expecting it till the rain comes, and then we are satisfied with the: mud —and more : ME. SAXOM (M. Salom and Co.) made an excellent sale of Mr. O'Halloran's household effects, on Thursday afternoon, at the National Bank. The prices realized were, on the whole, very good. WE call attention to the sale of valuable building sites by Messrs. Green and Co., at Woodville Park, this afternoon. The locality is one of the most suitable for villa residences in the whole neighbourhood. THE members of the Institute Singing Class and of the Adelaide Dramatic Society, announce in another column, their purpose of giving an entertainment in the Oddfellows' Hall, Port, on 4th October, in aid of the Institute funds. The programme will- be attractive and varied, and will comprise" a 'capital selection of music, and a farce, " Should this Meet the Eye." We hope that there will be good hearty support given to so worthy an object. WE invite attention to the advertisement of Messrs. Davies and Lewis for their entertain ment on Monday and Tuesday. Besides the intrinsic merits of the performance—Mr. Davies as a ventriloquist of the first class, and Mr. Lewis as a drawing-room magician—there are valuable gifts made to the audience, the plan of distribution being unexceptionably fair and straightforward. Further particulars are found in the advertisement. THE Fifth Half-yearly, Meeting of the Coast Steamship Company, lamited, was held at the office of the -Secretary,- Mr. G. R. Selth, Port Adelaide, on ^Friday afternoon, 27th inst. Mr. A. H. Bartels, J.P., presided. A very satisfac tory balance-sheet was presented, which, with the directors'report, was read and adopted. A dividend of 15s. per share upon the half-year's Workings was declared, which, with the previous dividend of 20s. per share paid last half-year gives the shareholders interest at the rate of 17 £ per cent, upon the subscribed capital of the Company. The Company's steamer Ceres is still working very satisfactorily, and keeps up her trips with great regularity. Messrs. A. H. Bartels and Capt. Chas. Heath, two directors of the Company, retired, but were re-elected. Mr. G. P. Hodge was elected Auditor, and Mr. G. Howell, the present Auditor, was also re-elected. Votes of thanks to the Officers and Chairman closed the proceedings. PORT ADELAIDE SEAMEN'S MISSION. —An offer having been received from a gentleman in the country of a donation towards the cost of establishing an institution of this kind, a meeting was held at the Port on Tuesday evening, which was presided over by Dr. Bollen, and at which there were representatives of all the religious denominations in the neighbourhood. There was a resolution for the establishment of the Mission, and a sub-committee was formed, Dr. Bollen being appointed chairman, Mr. A. S. Neill, hon. treasurer, and Mr. Geo. W. Smith, hon. secretary. These were instructed to prepare and issue "circulars and subscription-lists, and to advertise for a Lay Missionary. Mr. T. J. K^i-ng kindly offered the use of his schoolroom for Sunday afternoon services, and some routine business was transacted. The appeal to the public by circular should procure a large measure of sympathy and support for a movement dictated soley by feelings of benovlence. THE CHORCH OF ENGLAND AT THE SEMAPHORE. —Our readers are aware that some time back a movement was started to secure church services at the Semaphore, with a view, as matters progressed, to build a church, and ultimately secure the services of a resident clergyman. Divine service has now for some time been held twice on each Sunday in the long room opposite the Railway . Station, and the attendance has been so good, even in the worst weather, that the committee have had forced upon them the necessity of at once building, to meet the wants of the residents, and the large addition to the population which each summer brings. The site for the new building is on the Military-road, and within some 300 yards of the Railway terminus Mr. Macgeorge has most handsomely, as a contribution to Church work, presented the committee with plans and specifications for a church building to seat 300 persons. Tenders were duly invited under these, and we leam that that of Messrs. Williams and Cleave has been accepted. The gentlemen of the committee have accepted the responsibility of the necessary amounts for the purchase of the land and the erection of the building; but we may fairly anticipate that the residents and visitors for whose benefit the work is undertaken will aid by their contributions, so that an undue burden will not be saddled upon the committee. AMONG the refreshment-rooms in Port Adelaide, where a " good square meal" may be had, we have tested both Hill's and Sefton's, and can commend both of them to the attention of visitors. The provisions are good, and the civility and attention match. Messrs. Desants' advt. invites attention. RECEIVED.—Part VI. of " The Unsuccessful Colonist" (Robertson publisher), and current number of " The Sketcher" (Birks publisher). ROBIN & HACK'S tenders have been accepted for timber-work, Mount Gambier Railway Station, and for the erection of the stations at Millicent and Rivoli Bay. AT the Quarterly Meeting of Officers in the Port Circuit, on Wednesday evening, held by invitation at the residence of the Circuit Steward, Mr. Theodore Hack (who very hospitably entertained his friends), it was found that the income was in excess of the expenditure, and a vote was made towards the liquidation of the debt on the Mission House. It was further suggested that a second minister should be applied for, to be sta tioned at the Semaphore; and this point is to be brought before a special Wesleyan circuit meeting on Monday next. THE elevation of His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut has had the effect of breaking up the Cabinet, termed by Mr. Playford the other night as ''mature." Mr. Blyth seized upon the same occasion to retire on the score of his ill health, and so Mr. Morgan had nothing for it but reconstruction. The rumors as to " coming men r were less contradictory than usual; and there seemed to be by general consent the selection of Mr. Bundey; and next in definite suggestion Mr. Ward. It was said that Mr. Rees, in whose favor, ability, devotion to the subject of education, and previous disappointments all seemed to weigh, was negotiated with. The allotment of offices was the greatest difficulty. Mr. Mann was dubbed Treasurer, Mr. Bundey Attorney- General, Mr. Ward Minister of Education. Then ih was said there was a hitch ; and people have siuce been waiting. The latest news to hand at the date we write is that the Ministry has been formed, and Mr. Rees has the Education department. A CANTERBURY paper, speaking of the Christ- church Cathedral yet in embryo, says :—"A gentleman who occasionally wiles away a dull evening by a game of loo, had had a long run of ill-luck, which showed no signs of changing. At length one night, driven to desperation, he registered a solemn vow before commencing play that, if luck should change, he would give half his winnings to the Church. His luck did change. He won tremendously all night long, and by the time the party broke up towards daylight, had pocketed some three or four hundred pounds. Half of this he put into respectable currency—not IOU's—and enclosed it to the Christchurch Cathedral Guild, with a note stating that he had much pleasure in forwarding an amount which had been 4 kindly contributed by his friends.' The Guild were, of course, delighted; but their joy was somewhat alloyed by qualms when they were informed shortly afterwards of the true nature of the kind contributions. They held a meeting to consider whether they could apply money so acquired to church purposes; but eventually decided that to return it would be encouraging vice." Who can doubt the perplexity of the poor churchmen? or—which way the question would be decided 1 THERE are forty-two hospitals now established in New South Wales, in the revenues of which £21,133 appears as voluntary contributions, and £20,528 as the amount given by Government. THERE was an increase of 87 lunatics in New South Wales last year, the number of persons under restraint being 1836. The Government gave nearly £50,000 for their support; relatives only about £1 a head. THE re-organization of the Volunteer Force in the senior colony is about to be attempted, IN a quarry at Pyrmont lately, an Ingersoll's rock drill having been used, and three holes bored 43 feet in depth, and 600 lbs. of blasting powder charged, a block of sandstone 200 feet long, 40 feet deep, and 30 feet wide, estimated to contain 18,000 tons, wa3 thrown fully 3 feet, FROM Port Moresby, we get the report of a magnificent waterfall of about 2,000 feet, on the Goldie River. MINNIE WARREN, the youngest, brightest, and prettiest of Mr. Barnum's dwarfs, died at Middleboro, Mass., in childbed. She was the youngest of a family of eight, all of whom, excepting herself and her sister, Mrs. Tom Thumb, were of ordinary stature. She was 27 years of age, 40 inches high, and never exceeded 45 lbs. in weight. A year ago she had married General Grant, jun. another lilliputian, and they kept house with General Tom Thumb. The child, which weighed 5 lbs. 10 oz., died at birth, and four hours' later the mother succumbed to exhaustion. They were the smallest wedded pair in existence; but Marco Polo mentions a pair in Tartary, aged 25, respectively 12 in. and 11 in. high; their fourth son being 6 ft. 2 in. high. We have great respect for "travellers' tales !" FORTY-EIGHT soldiers, belonging to one of the " Indian regiments at Malta, have been pbisOned through carbolic acid being served out' instead . of lime juice. No deaths resulted, though several were seriously ilL A strict investigation is to be made. THE Corporation of Brighton, in England; have under their serious consideration the advisability of lighting that town with electricity.. At present it is used in engineering shops, dyeworks, where a very white light is necessary, sugar manufactories, railway stations, spinning mills, foundries, &c.; WHILE a farmer of the name of Sawyer was ploughing on his farm in Scott County, Illinois, his plough struck against something hard and metallic in the ground. He unearthed it and was rewarded by a pot containing 10,000 dollars in gold. The gold pieces were eagles and hlafeagles, blajgk with age, and of the coinage of 1805. By whom it was buried is a mystery, but it "is thought that some ; overnment official in early days hid the treasure for saie keeping, and either died or never was able to find it again. Sawyer^, is more than jubilant over his stroke of good., fortune. PEOPLE who are resolved to please always at- all events frequently overshoot themselves, and-* render themselves ridiculous by being too good. A lady, going to a friend's house one moriiingr - ran to the cradle to see the fine boy as soon as she came in. Unfortunately the cat had taken up the baby's place; but before she could give herself time to see her mistake, she exclaimed, with uplifted eyes and hands : ' " Oh, what a sweet child—the very picture of its father 1" . THE ROMANCE OF MARBIKD LIFE.—When the' baby begins to cut his teeth the romance of married life ceases. No woman can-feel any sentiment for a man who travels a,round in his • night-shirt in a hot summer'^ eve, with a squalling infant dangling over his shoulder. It is then that she stops calling him darling, and descends to - such commonplace observations as "John Campfire, be careful how you hold that baby." A WHITE u says:—" That among the Mormans there is not one pretty woman, nor one finelooking man; all ignorant, dull, honest people— i hard-working, low born. No intellect, no style, no refinement, no life or animation in the whole throng. No smiles or bows of recognition, no settling of drapery or rattling of fans, no delicate perfumed handkerchiefs; nothing like we are d to seeing in a modern church. The women came in, dressed in calico, many wearing sunbonnets, all without gloves. There was a dogged look in every face. I began to realize how the ~ elders practised polygamy as a religious duly, for nothing but the strictest dictates of duly, could urge a man to provide for a half-dozen of these dull, prosy women. Heart and inclination alike would lead from such a fate. And I could understand, also, how these women, with their - hard-toiling, unloved lives, accepted with stolid indifference any fate given them. 