ENGLAND AND HER POLICY. WHAT A UIUT1SH LIBEHAL PEEK TUINKei or PEACE AX AKV PRICE. Orrnl llrihtin must fall! for 1,,-r fuuifnM ».f rutKt' to ie grflt. KinilitiL- the lull li-xl of l.or.1 1).iii™vi-ii' IdtCr lo Uic 1,1. T .,1 Ihc .\\.,r I ,.,?/.? 1 1,.«'./ ul such deep iulenwi I, i every Itiili-h hul.ject. we publish it iu dcUiil. {To II,,- HUM if thr H'.,rM.) SIH.— Although rumur Iuh 1k-cii rife in Great Briuini as to the causes lhal have in duced Lord llcicuiitricld to summon Parlia ment to meet at such .in unusually early dute kn.iwn'aboul -l. ii-Vis it MkcljMhiit the mo mvi.u which Ii.mc mil ? e.| the I'rinic Miiii tor will be ? .'? appa.ci.l mini ihc chambers have uclually luui.uiid ], .ssiuly n- .1 for some natural tli.uilhai Ihe MiuMrv -hoi'lil 'Icsirc to strcm.-lh.il their hand le/such .1 stroll cnr.1 as a grant uf money f-ir wuilik,- pur poses ? but It is very unlikely thai they will «? williii' lo »how 'then gillie to ihc. cilem ul ?' striking 'Ut nuy bar.1 mid fust line of p.,. i.-v. ur L-vcinif diploinaliciilly Inntiii- ..I Ihc nature of the » ? rse of cveui.s which would in their ..piuiuu justify ar ? I -„. tcrvulition. Kvcn if the mcml.-rs of tl,,. Cabinet haveurrived at any cunclusioii uu line of conduct on Ibe purl of cither of the belligerents in the arena or of Kurupc in the boxes would ncccisilalu an appeal lo Brills', it is most improbable that they will be prepared lo expound their views on Buch a delicate matter until absolutely compelled tu do su. That good old-fashioned standing dish lhat much-llaekcd-at but still satinfy iim ;'./«?-? ,le ntittanrr, ' llritish interests.' will 1.,' dulv served up. It will be stated thai il would be must injudicious. .luring this very crilicnl slate of nlf.irs and pending Ibe expression of opinion by ihe Kurnpcan powers on certain questions submitted to them, lo say anything more definite tlin.n that ivben an opportunity offers itself for doing something, something shall be done, ulid that in the meantime there is a cap till clu.ice for doing uuthine, of which Her Majesty's Ministers will industriously avail tbci,,sel.es. And then you pl.y your llritisb interests and Ihe ball is kicked out of buun.ls and excitement subsides uulil sunie.bu.ly throws il up again and starts the game They com-Med of the Opposition say ing, 'Tell us what you are goii'g to do in m.ler thai »c may ol.ject tu it.' uud uf the Ministry replying. ?? No, thank you ; but sindly explain what you would du in r.ur place, in order that we may show how foolish il would lie.' Hut a similar course of pursti,.,! during the c,,,i,i,,« s,:»sion. U.il™ niau-i'ially alter the uoinplexion uf Kistern ull'.iiis, and to change the shape nf the mould selves il is certain thai before long a debate or series of del.ales must tokc place, in the llriiish Hoiire of Couiuiuns which will far transcen.l in inlen.'sl any ordinury debate. cussinn claim Ihe attention of Englishmen alone. A great principle will 1 u involved in it which is in itself of vast importance to all mercantile nations, independently uf the cir.cl it must have upon them l,v reason uf the direction in which II will set the current of Knglish foreign policy. A debate raised upon tbe proposition that Kngland should assume a m,. re vigorous attitude in Kurope in rcfcrcliii- to the Eastern complication will Iu rcalily be a discussion upon the nierilu ot Ibe much gicatcr qilostiou whether for the future her policy is to favor expansion ur contraction. If there is any honesty among those who are likely to he most eloquently hostile to allowing a grant uf money for war purposes, they must ad vance arguments applicable nol only to the present struggle, but to auy and every war, to war in the abstract. In this exceptional case the lesser will cnutain the greater, and iu deciding whether Ivighuid shall lo the pre sent Insmnce enforce certain theories and principles, if necessary, with the sword, I'arllamenl will have lo consider under what circumstances, if any, acuuntryis justified in submitting lo the horrible calamity of war. Unleb9 they feel themselves so hopelessly weak iu numbers lhat there would he no chanoo of guiiiiiig their ends hy a broad coiu thcrcforc they prefer lo avert hostilities in the present inslnnce by pushing forward the pucrilcalid fallacious doctrine ilhat England the head of Iho great valley nf Hie nunhrale', or tven by the possession by l(uss|a of ilie Dar danelles, hy I'cr having command ol the Me.li futlirv route to ludiu, and by her being iu a cutiontbilbel ore liu' existing ruri.l ; unless iucapacil'aliii!; them from Mil utlu-aiii't-ilbc ;? peace at-aiiv-pric' p.nty niu»l. in advoc.il lirluguptbc most vitally imporuint ,|Uestiun tain orto nhdicatu ib.it ]iositiou. Iu the lives of all nations, provided they have time to indulge in pbilnwphlcal specula qucstluu ohlruds itself, 'After all. what istlle use of my pnm.l |«sition .' Hoes it pay tolm couucil-lioard of nations ! Is uy precintu cuce cheaply or dcnrly purchased hy the blood and treasure that have bought ami' that maintain it I If greatness ousts so much, and if the strong man armed hnsto keop watch and w.inl s.) constantly, would it not of tbo glance of ouvy, unobtrusivclv weak and lowly, mouk nud mild, and Iu rid onu- clt at on«- and tbesame time uf the responsibility of one's possessions and the weight uf .me rs armor 1 ' It is very natural that Kngbind should wish to occasionally bnlnncc her ac counts, and tbo fact that such n question occurs to her, need not by any means indi cate n sense nf feebleness and constitutional decay. With the continental nations nf Kurapo tbe case is different ; but, situated as she is, there is nothing iiicomrmtlblo wilh perfect vigor in England's asking herself whether mio really gains anvtbinjj hv taking a prominent pait iu tho'Kiirupcin concert, whether In fad she docs not pav ? luarlv fur tho priWIope and woukl uol lie fa'r luippier hugging herself in scltUh is,jlatiun iu her little island iu the Nurlli son. Un^hind is not uf necessity n ]mr( ,.( the Kur.iiie.in svsi.uu. Bllualo.1 within sight of them she is for many practical purimsos most rcmolc from oilier nations. Shu can wilh geolnjiieal justice say—' My lul Is nut mst In with yours; I lie outside the orbit of your devas tilting cvcloncs; I do not even 'inhabit the same row with Ucalegon. and my dwelling cannot ctftcb lire from Iho cont1agnilfou.s that threaten to bum him out of houso and home. Why. then, should 1 meddle with your affairs ?' Yes, that Is very true ; the homo slea.1 is ]-crhaps safe enough, but what is lo be Baid about the byres and hairs scattered uvcr the lour quarters ol the glolic ! Is there no danger for them., and if there lie ntry, ought moiutircB to lie taken to protoct them, or would il not he advisable to get rid of such precarious proporty altogether I Such ones tions occur aaturajly enough, and at llrst sight ina auswor appears simple. A quiet, comfortable homo, a sufficient income snugly invested hi Bound securities, a life of case to be devoted to congenial pursuits, nothing to do but draw dividends and spend them, prcscnbi a plposanter picture than that Duggusted by the possession of vast pro* penics saddled with constant anxjoty Uy a ceaseless struggle among aggressive neighbors, by tbe necessity lo be always self-asserting and alert. Nearly all men infinitely prefer the enjoyment ol tbe fruits of past labor to the labor Itself, and look forward with pleasure to a retirement from business. The only question Is, When is It u(e and practicable to retire? In a little work which, as It bus been mar vellously successful!, must be brimming over with merit, there occurs amid a goo. deal of tcml-Ureliglom twaddle a mqst pro found remark, The Idea is not original, of course, for Solomon, with a scandalous dis regard for tbo feelings of future teal and pseudo-philosophers, said all the wise and hitler things lung ago. Iu ' Helen's HabicV Tuddie, when offered everything he wants. iii.juvcliile cul.linency hy'tlie infinitely wise l,,il hered wilh lots of things. Are nol the lives of half— should I nut say uf all ?— the em led rich men nf tbe wurlil einlmierc,] because liny are bothered with Inis of things ? And is il nul eu ulso wilb nation.? Is nol Englmul especially bothered wilh lots of things i She has a finger lo every pie ; her irons are rdden ing in every fire ; it is scarcelv possible tu walk through Ibe world without ucadiug be happier untroubled by her various cares ? l'ossUjlv an afuruiiLlive. auswer could be truthfully given to lhal proposition, bul it dues not properly represent ihe question at fant philosopher abnve. ulcutiuncd declined, to be saddled with iucumbranccs, but that is another matter from a determination to get rid uf an existing load. We arc not discuss ing the abstract question whether England would he happier had she never progressed beynihl the condition of an Insigiiinciuit po'w'er but whether her eircuiniUiiices can be. mi.iuutc! by retiring inlo that obscure ''There is :i great deal to be said ml both sides, though tin: weight of argument will ho fnuuii, when the question is thoroughly ventilated, lo be wilh overwhelming prc. engn-'ol in Kni-'lish publics a fen- men— wise, lciirnc.1. inti-lli/eiit mid icry curliest— who have always ndv.s-ated ' peaee-ill-itnv-pnce' principles Their ideas, somewhat vaguely stated have never yet Iran seii-.usly d,s cis-ej. nor have Iheii Ihconcs I ? ,, |.,in,n j'!l?i'i,'',l'e'rec'r Tut ihcro .?ire's,;;n''i,'i',h!-a|1. uiy ni'iro i ii.'oroiis ... ^ I ,,ii .en p.n . Ihc crysliillisallou inlo bolno dclillile tka|wi,f of cnli-icliou tluclliues. In the lilst place Kiigliin-I hasalmo-t l.c-oinea total .ibslnliler: -I.e has iiii.-rre.rot but Imle of hue year, in f..reiirn nlfiiir.. and she i- therefore aeeus- h'ls lieen a L-oodilc.ll hUuhbud ill cuusd[Ueucu iinnhvKiti, i,r.«'e-s (I luiL'hl parcutlicticjilly rcniark thai, by a .llau.-u coiu.-i.leu.-o she has at tbe same lime bufle-rcd froiu great Jepression ill Irudc, and is beuoiuiuif lifted lo hard times). Moreover a great and growing need is making itself fell of sum ? large principle, concerning wblch people may agree lo differ. Some war cry has to he invented, some standard must be set up. It would be too barefaced a thing for panics to he designated simply Ihe ' im' and the 'outs.' and it would bo scarcely creditable to charge shouting I iir ium*iiurrr* ,t Ui* I-- uittn*. The peculiar policy we have undur consideration has grudually become rccug iiiHcd as tbe properly of lbs ghost ot one uf the political parties I hut lately divided Great IJritaiu and 1 look lo see ' i'cace at any nriee' emblazoned on one side uf the l.ibe.ul 'lanner of the fuluie, while extension of lliu county franchise occupies Ihe ulher. Of Ihe Ule Liberal parly uothing uow rcmaius but a In-an of .liscunsulule chips, scailercd by li.e ruthless axe of Ihe marvellously intellectual I iiinlicrmaii who, uut of Ihc goodly tree he once c'ierlshe.1, Ims hewu himself a stump from which be has bewildered sympathetic crowds hy the constant and irresibtihle flow of his matchless eloquence. A vigorous effort to rcoreiuiM,' must In' made. The chips mus, be re.-onslrucied iulo a fresh plait, n in, wilh ??peace at any ptlce' as the principal plank iu il— an attempt lo introduce unsuitable material whicli will infallibly result iu l..e overthrow of the whole fabric. Kuuland is approaching a very important epoch in her life, and it behuv, s her to con template her poailion and prus|iccls In a. calm spirit and wilb practical common sense. The time has long since passed away when the personal feelings of sovereigns ur l.llu. svnerasies uf Ministers deUTunued the main ciirreul of Knglund's pulicy. The will of the people makes itself so disliuclly and rapidly bi'ard lhal tbcro is no danger ol iiii.iulcrpre Ulion of the popular voice. Lasl year the clear judgment of the nation wus partially clouded over, and for a time pcrvtililcd, by the brilliant oratory of the chief speaker among those who undurlouk lo preach a species of crusade, through the country, and endeavored to persuade ihcir hearers of tbc purely Christian, humanitarian and eminently religious aud unselfish mutives which compelled Russia lo make war. It ib not likely that u similar effect can be produced again. The sheep's clotbiiiu has been pretty well (urn ofl in Ihe struggle, aud ihc wolf's fangs aud teeth are amiarcnt to all. Though subject to occasional bursts of enthusiasm tile lioglisli people arc eminently practical, and they will decide, upon tlic future pulley Ibm appears most advantageous without suffering themselves to be iuQjmud by emotiunal appeals lo a morbid religious sentiment. England baa oven beeu accused Qf vice aud selfishness, I know uol ivilli how much Irutb ; but if selfishness be national, II necessitates private self-sacrifice aud bc oumes a virtue. A nadou hasa right lo be selfish nnd 10 diroc'. Us policy for its uwn guuetatc. and until Christian ethics practi cully ohtaiuuiuuiig all people. l-jittUu I nol only has a right lo concentrate attention on herself, il is her positive duty to do so. She bus to look ut thisquesliou ill its clfcct upuu the vast multitudes of every color aud creed who sliellcr bmicalb hur fUr,. CUarily begins at home, and she has enough to do lo euard hcrst.lf and those cummitled to her care, without falling into a slate of hy peneslhcsia concerning the wucs of others. What England wanls now is uot au hyste rical appeal to her fluer sentiments, but a cleur, strnlehlfonvurd, practical statement, ami under wlwl circumstances abe cuiinul ab stain from taking a baud in ihe present game. And she has to make up bur mind, al»-, ii|k-ii for the fut uro she. wishes tu lead in ihc van of lliu light of freedom and civilisatiuu humbly iiud dejectedly in thu roar ; whether and .lec.iy ; to maiutaiu and still further iu improve her position, ortu nliatvlou her proud altitude aud seek ubscurity and case. Bho liu-ome a Ihinl-nin; |i.nvel . Concerning ihc lirsl uud infeii.n 'lucslion. vii..wbat Eugland'h iiumcllate policy should l-c. I have n»l at Mv object is luciuly tuiudicatcwbai the gene ral cJIuul nf ibe proposed new Liljeral doc trine must infallibly be. L'p lo the present time expounders of ibis new full It have uol nilcmplcd to furnish uuv.lchiur and crolitor account. They liave largely ililatul up.m Lud fiave ranittcl all mentiou of the loss. Tbe arizunienls Ihoy hnvu used have been fouude.1 upon Iho entirely false premise that it is possible fora nation to slnud still. This isii most pernicious fallacy. Iu all the universe — as far as we kuow II — there exists no such thing as repose. Nothing is stationary and nl rest. All things wax and wane, diminish or increase. Change from higher to lower forms, degradation from superior lo inferior shaprs.lslhclaw. Growth and decay are universal. Tberc is no escape, There can when it ceases to spread abroad its branches its leaves begin to fade nnd fall. Tbc Hood llde Is quickly followed by the ebb. aud it As long as a nation is young and its popu lation though, potentially large, is jot io reality small, it can progresa alowly or rapidly, according to tho mysterious laws lhat govern dcvtttopnient, in peace and quietness without coming En rude contact with the other runners In the race. Uut when ft has long ago overleaped ita borders, when a meagre territory can IU support a tilbeof the teeming population upon it, when its very life dopends upon the fo» bearauco of others fiercely fighting In the struggle of existence, or upon Ub own ability to force Its way and to maintain its natural or aoqulrcd advantages, then the competition becomes intense ; tbon antes the necessity for constant effort. There can be Qo sitting dowu with folded hands to rest To live, a nation must assert itself i to foil back in the race Is to die, England cannot remain balanced where she is. She must advance or go back. She roust puth her way aa sbo has hitherto done, bravely bearing her burden, or she must cast off the burden and give op tho race. She cannot alt down awhile and rest. The back must be strengthened to bear the load, or the load must be thrown ofC altogether to ease tbe weakening back. Tbn latter Is tbe alternative chosen by the ' peaccatany prlce' party, not clearly enunciated as yet, but distinctly to be understood. England is over-burdened, they say t therefore the weight must be removed. War Is cosily and horrible, so every temptation towards war must be avoided t old treaty obligations, past participations in International settlements, must be annulled and torn up regardless that national honor is destroyed with tbem t aud for the future no such engagements must be undertaken. India la a tbon in our aide i I pluck it out The coining are mcunibraucc | cast them off. The mainl-- iiiiii,-e nixi-s-uiry nensjlrcllaiiii'oi|lrlBlaMouUre|1,l]'y '' Vu^ll{ l* much annoyance ; ab.li.atc 411 1 rl, ,„,-,—,'! humble walk in 111,'. That is ill,- - peaccii ailj-p'icc' policy looked at m its entirctv and followed to ils natural couclusi.nis 'l wish I bad time an,! ubilily lo ni.li.ai, ,l| instil implied by it. It will be .ulhViciii What a terrible list of ca-uullics we have I,, a fense' ..f' n'aii.i™l''*di'™acc'land Ihc demoriilisalioo following upuu a Ins* ,f self scveiance of connection with the colonies ; the rosioration l.i urigiuu! propri, lur« nl various pieces of pruperly ibruugbuul the world ; a fall frum the |,-Hiiiuii of a flrsl. collapse nf trade. It may be objected that I am discounting the future lou liberally, bul it is not so. In a case of this kind it is right silde abend, llesidcs, have not the advan tages to Britain nf her Kasleru doiuimuu been senuusly called ill illiesti ? il l.-lle 'f A futurity, but as being near at hand, and an object worthy of presuul attention. And the general tendency of colonial policy us enunciated by so- called advanced Liberals indicates a desire io push Ibe fledgelings out oflhemst whelller Ihcy arc uble tu lly or not. The impetus uf a fulling holy in creases at a frightfully rapid rale. A imtiou ones? started in the downward path moves wilh ever-increasing velocity, and ap proaches, at a pace il little dreamed of. unworthy of serious thought. The tain I,, be effected by a policy of strung coutracliou is eusf enough to calculate. There is no difficulty in putling down oa paper the large items expended on im penal rule iu the colonies und Ihe vast sums iucurred in mninuiining llritish Indln. Thu hill for r-ucli places us Malta, (iibraltar, Aden, ia Uirgc And can be readily added up. It can be shown wilh casu into wliat small an.] comfortable limits the nnuuul expenditure of tho cnuuiry could be reduced provided these incu tub ranees were cast otf and tbu army and nary cut dowu tu :i size template a preat remission of Uixcs, and thai is a pretty picture of t be poor iimu lingering over liiH free break fast, tab k-, enjoying hid uniaxcd tea and coffee, and moralising on tbe blerisiups of ruircDcliiiiunL over his un Uxed jii|)c of tobacco. Uui before attempt ing to realise the dream it would be well to and whether the free tea and suear would' not prove to be bovoud tho meaiiM o( tlie im puTcrlHlial pour man. Thy difflculiy eom tiic other side' of thu balancc-shict Who cuicaleulatethf value to Kngland uf India Ah\u conimcrcul worth, but uniwidLTu] as a fleld of useful occupation, a fair uulltt for the encrtry ami restleasiicButhat.if it ciuinui find free vent, will rend the body politic in pieces? Where shall we Hnd reduced to pounds. shillmtiH aud pence the prestige that accrued to ub from ihc ability with which Indiu i.-i administered ? Who will measure the valu.- of the colonies as fields entirely adrift from' tho tiei and associations of Fatherland, those who. exuberant enerpy, cannot find sulUcient rwiu and occupation at Iiouk1, may fashion nut new .\nd who would dare lo try and pau^c tin' value lo a nation of Hie l«m- aud emccm of children firm hi (heir affection, praleful for pa*t beiiL-fltg, vigorous in ihc Mrength of -WUtll. And utterly impo^iblc i- it to wcipli the misLTici tlml must be endured by a declin ing power, and that is the iiuevtiuti that must be looked fairly, squarely iu the face. There is no imu in trying to nhirk or evade it. Re duction of expenditure, ratans the gradual abandonment of all that Iuh made Kugland what she is. A ' peacc-at^any- price' policy iroprcfeini] from the position of a first-class to that of a fourth-ratc power. Already |-olitical ecouomiHtsiire beffiiioiiiR to discover that India is capiiblc of tukini; onro uf her M'lf. Political mo rail-, I a think that no moral obligation atuicbu* tu un, and that if the money ico*,t (^ larger than the mouey-gain we are justified in plunging many millious of liuimin beings inlo a sea of anarchy. In order Lhal tea and nugar Diay be cheaper at home the colonies must lie cald-slioutdered into perfect iudepcndcucc. That the army and uavy may be reduced the many settle ments scarcely to be dignified by the name nf colonies, dependencies in Africa, in Hie Straits. In various parts of the globe must be abandoned to their fate. Gibraltar must be Riven up to Spain. Malta Mown up like Corfu. And how about ihc Chancel Islands, and the West India lshm'U.itnd llmt little rabbit vriirrcu in ibe mouth of the Kill, and all tlie other sctitry. boxes and coal-cellars and refreshment *Ution* that Kngland has dotted about the p.ohc, and which enable her to carry on the trade by which she lives? And why Ptop there? Why not Ireland for tbc Irish? Well, thcro is -nt Meting : beloTe^lha'l time e-nmes then.- will be a general ecrauible. and England when moribund may tiavc herself the trouble of making a will. During her period of transition to a lower plane, which, be assured, will not be of long duration, England will hare to reduce her population to what may be termed its natural city alone nearly as ninny people an could decently subsist upon tbe whole country. Kiii'land*!) gall could support— what shall I say ?— perhaps four or flic millions : the remainder, or some where about thirty millions, depend upon foreign trade, not only for their employment in life, but for their very oxlale nee— upon trade, bo it remembered, carried oil amid strong com petition. Those thirty millions hare gut to b-- disposed of in some way. No smo man can imagine that Kuglaud can keep 'her renounces any Intention to fight for it. The channels tlml she made will bo utilised by others ; coiumcrciiil treaties that she would no longer enforce will be taken over by other?, anil others will occupy the ports she opened for herself When she ceases to protect it, her trade will perish. Tho alternative is disaprecablc, but it must be (Irmly faoed. If she desires to retire into comparative ob:curity Bhe must lone alt commercial prosperity. She, muBt suffer a reduction of five-sixths of her population. Tims tbc question narrows ilsulf down to a couiparisou between the consequences of the ordinary amount of warfare which her former expansive policy entailed upon England, and tlie evils attendant Upon tbc vast decrease in the number of in habitants necessitated by tbc new policy. It ii hard to exaggerate the horrors of war. No man who has not witnessed one can form any conception of 1I14 hideous mass of human misery that is caused by a cam paign, and only to ionic great, fat-viBioned eye. piercing from a distant point of view through both mind and matter, can be visible tho unrecorded wretchedness that dmus slowly in Its train. Bui how iutrignincamly light in the balaucc fire the human Bufferings, tbe Ulth and wretchedness, tbc short agonies, tho lingering deaths, the blighted lives, the jihyeical torture &nd; mental pain consequent upon a war ! Uow inappreciable the tears of widows, the wrecked lives of children, tlic broken hearts and shattered bopefl, tbe poverty and all the evil crew lhat poverty brings with it into the unaccustomed homes of those who never thought to foci its sting ! How email is the sum of all this compared to the immeasurable anguish in volved in tbe idea of a groat reduction En population ! A mass of misery indescriba ble, unutterable, inconceivable to the miivj of man, must be tbc portion of any wutan situated as England is during its fal1, until equilibrium be restored between iho treasure of Its inhabitants and tho altered, condition 01 lumgit If nature worked by convulsions and cataclysms, the consequences would not be so terrible. If our extra thirty-mil I long or so could bo expended rapidly by plague, peBtl» lence, ot famine, or still better, by sudden death 1 If tlio country then could have a clearance sale of ite effects and Btock'in-tradtt, and could persuade tho other European powers that Rag land was convcnieutly placed as a port of call and a grout banting centre, nnd should l»c maintained nnd guataniol ns fucIi, why tho position of those Englishmen left would undoubtedly bo very pleasant and the balance of benefit might perhaps be in favor of the change. Hut nature docs not. work in a spas modic manner. Her wnys aro gradual and slow, and this disintegration and destruction of population must be accomplished through a merciless grinding down aud rending asun der of tho, human strata for generation after generation by the Intense pressure of Abject, poverty, by the dow-moving glacier inassca of 1 1n v.iLi'- ul' lii'f tr;ii Ic., If tlie [irutec ii-iiiuiid .I, fcririve i-r even ai-grcRmi- war I ire. ii muiL t»e undertaken. U may be CHiiy. Th,u is nothing; that shows no good dcgratL-itiiin. If it hep leaded how expensive, aud at tit*i -iplii liuw uii].rofimhle a thing it is to bold :i fonuio-i p|:u-u sinning the nitions, t»e rihiHi-u for 'national uudicalinu, fi-r with ilut nb.lication wmiM ??otiie I.ms of dignity nnd self -respect, loan of consideration among outt'ri ueighboni and lo*i of authority In the world, tbecousunt ncceHKiiy fornelf-defencu agniuBt fre-iuuot attack and incrcaaing in ability to render that defence effective. Fortunately then* i« uot much danger of lh» coiintry dclibintely adopting a JpoHry tint miuii infitllibly Irifl to ruin. However ably and eloquently it may be iul vucauid. J In pcrwmalitf i^ too vigorous, it is um instinct with individual nauunul Ijfo, too keenly coguisant of the tiitticre to uuy aucli ' pcace-at-any-pricc' due trine when it rejilinea the full scope and l!m it i* to Iw B|»prehcnded that England rimy lUlTer uiueh in the future from allow* 1 111; herself now to hi* Hu.tihed by soft Atan.J still and rest, that shr can afford to -lack up a little iu tbe struggle, and may sit duwncjuietlyforatimeandeujuy the fruits «-f past erertion. And the rtuction is to be druulod also. There will be a terrible awakening if the pliant dream is indulged in too long. ?? A litile more folding of the hand* u- alei-p ? will be deHrly paid for when unnatural slumber, and wildly looks for in defences and vainly clamors for its imdc. The old war instinct of tho people will he roused to an in tensity hard to moderate and impossible to quell. The spirit that has carried l£ugland'ti fltg to tbo remotest corners of the earth, bursting at last its artificial bounds, will Drove aelfdei tractive by reason of ihe too great energy of For the good of the community it matters little of «rhotn this new cultus, this ' pcacc at-auy-price1 religion bo preached and by whom refuted, tiy what strange perversion uf tdeis, by what extraordinary contortion of tradition, it has coma to be recognised as b-u article in the- Liberal creed, I am at loss to understand. Kmphatically I deny that it is t'onsi-tent with true Lihcrnl principles ; on the contrary, it eonlaini a direct abnegation of UioHe principles. True liberalism means progress ex pa usi on, growth, the spread of freedom, the advancement of commerce, tbe right to trade and ihe power aud the will to protect that right, a free vent for tbo energies uf thu people and the desire and ihe strength to guard them in tbc exercise nf those energies. To this end the empire must be maintained in its integrity. British possessions shall not be diminished, but if ucccssary frcali nelds for adventure and traffic filial! be opened up. As long a* tin sap of life mounts through the vigorous trunk and limbs of the British Km pi re it must have room to spread abroai iu branches and freely breathe, aud true liberalism nya, ' You snail not bo crowiU-il out. ' True liberalism isoot unmindful of the national honor; it recog nises iIir advantage of speaking with an authoritative voice ; it win not discount tbo future at a ruinous rate for the benefit of the present ; it deserves ihe respect of its .eiKhbont — if newssary it irill compel it To onk down upin the ground, to cast cnvioas fiance* at the pnst, to net in the present and Ircad the future, is the attitude of conscr ?aiism. Reirogreasion is the active prin \- Let well alone.' Dccuduncc is the essence Already this pretended Liberal tree is mowing signs ,,t bearing Conservative fruit, ind it has been said, ' Hy their fruits ye iball know them.' A. waning trade producfiB Mmbinatious having for their object the ex :ertain association-, a denial, in fact, of the nrinL-iplc* of free trade With 11 still greater Jeprojaion will arise -i cry for protection* ind tbe strange spuciarle will be wmiq of % m.calleJ Liberal party applying obsolete .Conservative iiuHtnims to counteract tbo Still more strange is it to contemplate tho tttitude of Liberals towards Russia En tbe .he leaders of both great parties before the mtbreak of the Crimean war with the senti neuls that the present conflict has evoked. IVuy, the parties have completely cbauged si.les. Now llu^hia \d \oaVci upon by the late leader of the Liberals as tbe sweet lposile of civilisation, the unselfish vindica tor of the poor and tbc oppressed, the riseo 1 Sun of Uigblcousues* with healing on ita rvin^s : ? Then, when the name nation with similar mutives stitruMon the course which she baa _-n this occasion pursued unchecked, tbe leader uf Hie Tory party expressed his ab ing it as almost8frlltrici!l'l*tri(ei-!i Pukc'» w.ir, ^ he Haid, ?? botweeu Kngland and Scot land !'* That this change of front is unnatural I am persuaded. That this ' peare-at-any-price' changeling which has been fathered upon the Liberal party will be cast aside I feel very certain. If not, then there will surely be a large defection among tbo rank and file of the Liberal rank*. Many will come out, mill culling themselves [jberalsand vindicating ih«jr right totbat honorable title by walking in iho footsteps of Isjrl I'dliuorttuQ ntticr tlun in tliosc of Lord Aberdeen. Among thorn will ccrtaialjr l)e your very obodieut surrant. 