'. SOGIAIiiSICfiTGH^ES; i :riS'6rI.-r!-'!':Lxi!MPS'.o'p/G'6LD..' '-? ;It - is i yeaFs- enough i iagof nncei Ii'-first) caught the first glimpse of onetlieauty as at layieiiposed ito view; altho bottom ofia_. '.redl hot: retbrt, on i - aninisferabi&i-AitgUBtr; ?.pightjviust'SHch'i-aii'orte .as. :tb --a-igt»W6r ifastairce,-\as:fo.nTi of iusistood ? 'each* craning^ 'ourifticeii: overVthre ..glbw/'nahdi'thoihoat,: oinmib'dfal 'wheUieri' iwe'. ' iiinlralod- ':Uie ipbisofiou's ' mines1 of; -\he- - cvdpo'rattdf.-y e t ? ?prosent to th'eipeiieeptianj- quicl:aillvejS; so:- fwoimiglit1 catdh:' a gKmpae';|3fi'tliarfii*eat!f swollen: y^lto,virtniass,i!gl:aTP|tigI.tyefriwifclijaf. brightness .which ' lias 'wilred!imon-'in dll !landfiyiin-ail climes, and ih-ialKtimesi to lfat?,8-to;iwhich,'id«aih';wouia' ir^FE'bBinia? -tfiou^and-thnBH^pfefcTirble, 'Yet'wrweTi& .hurriedly, eager. about ithe aspect of the -trangerrwehiid, sotospciik, ushered into ? the world, fur tho future of somo hundreds, and, as it has turned but since, fli'ousarids depeniled on tb'e quantity or' ? gold lying in the 'bottbtn of UirtL iron pot fast .'growing ugly infits: coldness,- fust' throwinir the pallor of its own gray o'er the, glitter of the intMor metal itsbiuor uses had helped to tiring ti lifts, -liut'ih -'re was nbt li n^ to wiil'. 'We had btinlt and had cfiislu'd ten tons ot stone, arid luck or- destiny had nivc-ii lis exactly' 200 ounces of gold, ?wurtli £800 next morning at the hrokei-'sshiip. It'liiek or destiny had lot out from sho reeky smut'of that witch's put, wehud watched a* one has watche-.l tlie fl ckoring life of a iloar, beloved child, a death dealing moristor that .would have tiuiu'beil some of those anxioiis hearts to siiddeti anil iramodiiilb denlli, ;liud closed their watching byes for ever; it would h'.ye been well indeed. But that baby Chke Ji/id its great uses to do in the world, for. it was that stamped the -fact as it never had been stamped before in 'liori'ditjo, tlmt reef's Ware «s tangible and pe.rtniin(!iit ihrcertitin rock*,- nod could be traced lilruo'Jt infallibly for distilnoo-i never yet drmuii' oF Ic glt«fe the key note to ?the cry wliifh has had a receiit out ioh no' 200 yiirils from tho spot (Y mi uliicli u wns extracted, at nearly 20')0 ifuft below tlio-placo where, for so ninny ihousand years, its comp.neiit parts sluthberl'd while Waiting till called on to play;itS'part in the world's history. Muoli as'Wus titbught of this lump of ?gulil, it was as nothing to 'ethers that foll'.w.d it, ofW a:lapso of years thongli. It- wns somo time before -the claim* got depth in those days, bacausc you sub pso'plc didn't know quitb as much as wo Ictiow iiow, inly in -I'd ilnin we'll know as iiiuch as' those who w.ll-follo'w us by two or'thrdb ilee'ados. Siill iho work went, grandly on, and b'y-amJ-bye the opulent quur.iz -reefers, o; Ben'digo, men like Lrtluim and Wutson (not the nuimmoth J. B., of Garden Gully, who is said to own ii teiith'.part of 'Mi-'lbourne, but tlid Watson of fiufitl'ei 's, Justus well known in Hemilgo in his (fay us tho O'Donogliurf in Stoplien's Green in his), got tip a sort of -vainglorious Rivalry' to see who really ^cmld have the boast of saying he had turned out thb biggest ''lump of g- Id *' tho Victor an world at least had ever seen, m* evei1 could, would, or should see. It came one day like a tlmrideri.olt, in the shape of ii : mammoth citke weighing, as far -ia my memory serves me, 3i;0J ozs ! The Hustler's Heef was the parent of th s mass of gold, and thefavorod proprietors of this mammoth treasure were tlio gentlemen named above. It wad drufen into the Bank of Victoria in s'ato, surrounded by lessor lumps looking just like a little- colli-r briij beside tbo Great 'Eastern, !to ?sh6w off its' beautiful proportions. -Grand sight 1 noble produc tion! -thrrce lucky .proprietors! Ah I ''lump of gold,'1 -what has it cost to win ? what did you pay to those who ioted and caress'ed; aridbiwbd tho knee to 3*on? Your cost -was tho life of one fair woman, draeged in her husband's :very prosenou into .ths maohinory Which drove the ? stampers- wlr oh -gave .?you birth, . aiid thero; torn to pieces. A ?woman in the -first flush -of .youth, who had' borne tlie lveat and burden of a day that Was past, only to die when she Secured you, glittering dovil. Lump of gold, it had been better you hadi, never boen, for her at least, if not 'for others, too, to whom you brought no hope on earth, but a desire for ob ivion and a peaceful -rest from a. life of labor. xl wua lu'.iy uuiuiu uma i limp ui go.u 'was to bo '-spoken of as anything but a memory, which some envied, while.othb'S ?who knew better of -it3 fatal work, 'reviled. Time wont on. -Bendigo sank to sleep ,again, cvovlastingly this time, some said, but a '-lump of gold,'- coming ' from a ' further' prt't of tlie' district, aiv .ybbybnd 'Eaglbhaw'kj^voke -her from her- letlia'rgy 'once more, ?' and1 filled1 the - streets nvith ; crowds of;, people from all1 ;sorts of i con ceivable places. Qjhe quiet Mall was i.turnod iiito. a seething1 cauldron of excitement. Men lived on it. IJliey seldom -slept. They only dreamt mid-day dreams, coined by brains working at express' train- speed; ''Lumps 'of'goidi ?lumps of gold; lumps - ot gold.' If'they.prayed at all they prayed for' rth6m-.;'-ifithe.y oursfed more: than usual it was1 becaiise- they 'were not. ' . iA;rid -tite .devil ttieir master, ?as if^to. mock, them jbr; a while, tb.'wliet' tlieir pjkseibns and' to iriatL their' blood1- sertt ''tliein 'a, 'lump dfc'gblcl,?1.. from the H-listlbr'-slagain thisitirAeVJvrHich nearly teuehed-.400P'O»H,,-9ent the shares', from' £3 (to1. £'9i9, jaisingi e very Btockrin' the' district .proportionately, fell again belo iv: ori'gihal^qubtattbn'in'a'fdrtnightya'n'd'dar i-iedr-with dt ihb beaii'tif ul house bf .'cards'! SandhurSthadibeen'building.^liichiheavidr. lthannt08.tiof those.peoBle:p!ay ?with,iburie'd in their. ..scattered, shattered irretrie .vaBle ruin many an'hbnest well-toido neople, wliosb. places in the world 'shall 'Icnow tlibni lio'more. 'jfoerb ate hiaiiy other 'lumps of'gb'd''- I couldiwriteof,. but I have Reached! the- point I desired. W.eihavo^ot ,ourTVlump of gold' as large .as- the first of^those- 'very ?big. ones,' which sent too .many, Victorians,, nay too niany from every ' part of ' the 'colonies, oil the do\vnward.;roa'd'to i'u'iii. : 'Lbt'u's then use^he teachings of the'past '??_'_ _-l_ ..' -_iJ ?- . '11. 1 I 1 1 . ' 1-. - 1 -, ? ,?-.... 1 . 1 as'mon fwno -wHi;novue ? lect away Dyi tne- -ihtobdcatianof thomomenti -Let ugikebp ?ourrfaith!in bun, mines -bylall':meanSi Leti jus dovoloj5e.thom- by,every! honest de'iire in ' our ) xiower, ? never exceeding, our resources, or incurring on thd,hazar'dibf a ?'himp of 'gold' 'JiaMlities' to-day^ve cail 'notfassuredly nieet to-morrow, 'Let-us in sholtkeep the deviltries of :tih'e'''-biill'' an'di tKe:'(bear''Jirbmiour. doors,1 arid'the'r,'.lumps , of i gold' ?. we. wi'OB't from' ;tlio . ear fall will aiot. he fcdlow.ed- by the. train' of disasters,' 6£ miseries^, and.. ofi'deaths, winch-have .kpibt' 'grimly. in tlie rear of other Vluinps. 6f jgoia.iabtfi^]ieras. ? .'X. = XPleasant 'Reunion,— Tho wives of, ; 'da\igh!owof:- swoeth -arts bf, 'and' dricntls : -of. the members of tho' St. John's l?ritffi-lly; Society, .spent, an i-xcoedii.gly pleasin1.1 bvening tog,.th.-r l.,st ovoi.ing at '.ho Mecliaiitcs1 as has now, it Winy safely tio proftgod, bocoino'th- i'us'bm. The hall s'tirl beariiu the doc. ralionsot the Musical Union Imsides a n(tmb6r of fhtus and bannux-s, presentod a very animated scene. About a quurtor past seven over 40 J of both vendors sat. down to a very well selected collection of savoury viaiiils provided fir tho ? ccasion by Mr G. JDoan, of Br.sbanb strout, in his usual tasteful andliberal manner. Ass on us .justice had been dons to tlio refresh ments, tbo tab'o-i were cleared away, and tlioso presint gave thbmse'vos up to n combination of pleasure and business, t!-o forinor p'-odomina'ing. Canon Brownrigg having been votol to the clinic, he, in a few Well choson romirks, at once put th sj present at their easo, and, after the St. Joseph's band had discoursed some excellent music; tho progress repcSrt for the year was sab mitted. This showed that the number of mombers wns now 245, 340 having joined sinco tho inauguration of tho Society j £194 13s had boen invested in the Equit able Building Society, and the total assets, &c;, belonging to tho Society were now £323 10s 3d. As medical practitioner, Dr. Stewart had given every satisfaction, and his kind attention to members was duly appreciated by those who hid rc qu:red his professional, services. 'I he loss of the late John .Yhirrihy, a trusteo, was ?regretted, and thanks returned to the ? honorary oillce bearers for their services. The report-was adopted. The evening's proceeding's were most ngroeably diver sified by performances on tho cornet, by Mr Day ; on the piano, by Mr Walter Waahain.; and Messrs. Kennedy, Oi'p wood, and (Jhick.gavo some songs, evi dently to the extreme pleasure of those present. A few remarks from Canon Browning, during which ho expressed a hope that they would all bo spared to celebrate together another anniversary, and the irorfomiance by the band of a favorite air, and 'God Save tho Queen,'' brought tho proceedings ti a termination. MrS. O. Sadler. — Amongst tho pas songors which arrived at Melbourne on Tuesday, -by tho steamship Sotner.-tetshiro, from. ' London, were Mr and Mrs 6. C. Sadler, of Latmceston. Mr Sadler is a brother of VI r R. J. .Sadler who has boon 'buyfer for the firm of .Vlessra P. O. Fysh '& Co , in En--liincl during :tho last three yeiirs. H aviiig selected extensive stocks of the newest styles of 'drupory, MrS. C. Sadlor returns to his native town with the intention of opening wholesale and retail stores hero, and, with tho large ex perience ho has gained in tlio leading English and'Eurbpeau markets, ho will no doubt succeed in establishing a good busi ness in the coioii3'. Mr 'W. W. White.— This gentlonvin, so long a re.uli'iit of Launeeston, has been for some time ? pits t -settled in Sin Prancisao, and lias latvly taken unto, him- self, a- partner. Tlie u'nn is now White and Kultl, cnnryiiig on business asmar .uhandise brokers at 316 Oaliforniu street, San 'Francisco. 'Wo- have received by the mail n copy of their .San Franc's :o Marlre't Eeview, a carefully compiled cbhlnabr'oial eii'cliiar'bf four closely printed paaes, giving.fu'llpartionlurs of thestale of the-mnrckols for all descriptions. of pro duoe, financal ietelli^enci1, rales of freight and ohartcr,- shipping in!oLligonoe, anJ a voluminous prices curront. A Oobrhctiox.— We stated in mistake yesterday, that tlie recalcitrant donkey in Patterson-street was being belaboured. The owndr, it appears, only -mildly expos tulated With the animal. 1 ho asinine quadruped, like ' Whisker ' in the ' Old Curiosity Shop,' appearsto have reason ing faculties, and, really requires no coer oion. Being well fed and healthy, the donkoy does its small share of work wil lingly, without the application of Whip or stick. The Weather.— Tho.elements for the last-few days have been particularly dis turbed. The last two - mornings liave broken cold and clear, but riiin.'lias.'fnll'eii copiously-.atintennediale;periods through out the day. At about nine o'clock last evening, however, a heavy and steady downpour ?oomine'MCbd, which lasted Tar 'into tlionight^and had not ceasa'd at the time we went to -press. Oajjs Pi.ouGEZivariIVlAtcH:^-This'ivent,, Which, 'was' to 'have taken. placo on the 20th August,. has. beea, postponed-, owing toethe inclemaufc stnto of. tlie- weathor, to th mh' August. , AIlisriNGuiSHiD Visiiok. — Numbers of ne^vspaper readers .will perhaps remen^bei1 a rbinarUablb description 1 of tlio /city of { Melbourne which was ?originnlly'pubHsh^cL'in- a'JHbhbluM'jbur nalj;a-nd' was: reprinted'in (die columns' 6f the^gro. , rDy?the.'sliowing of ithffvery trllth fnl.scribs who wi-oto it, Melbourne was a1 loathsome hotbed of.crime, and.a.sweltor ing siiik'-of disease and death. 1 housands 'dio'd'aunually of virulent f overs, arid wbre buried'in soniesnchinanner as-the victims. 'Ho the-'-plague'of' London, or'tlie'sblcliei'V slaini in bottle may hove been. Thewholo effusion was the evident ; oft¥lioot 'of. an ignorant jaundiced brain, and .ns suoh perhaps uhworthy of the notoriety tlio Age gave- it. Eeferonco is only made to it1 here, because the author has beon a resi dent of Launceston for two or : thrde. Weoksj ? niid has ' bcbii during that - time vigorously engaged^ in talking:' Notes', foran article ontourinstitntionaand- selling a. preparation '.he calls' magnolia. watei- at. the low price of one shilling a bottle^ ! This fluid, said by thoso who ? have pur bhased' it to have a suspicious resemblance ?to'-common ammonia, is'wn'rrantdd to take grbase stains but'of coats; liats, &c.-Hbbart;' Townds'lby 'thistinie favoi»od- withstho pre Bonco'rof this brightrsnecimeiviof Amori ,can origiualityrandfalsohoord, and sho^had. bettei':thei'cfore boon her good behaviour tiir all . the stock .of magnolia water is' 'clb'iirdd'bufatauy'rato.' . ' ?' -AOO'IDRrff ~VS - BllitfDY CKBEK. — -'&. young lad ' named Jiunes Higgin9 was brought 'totown Tuesday from Brandy Creek in the steanior Corio, suffering from an accident, sustained by him that morning through the tuunei -in Bruin's claim falling in. It appears that yester daymdrhiiij^tho'nic'irwho Were employed on iho claim wore waiting for orders to enter tlio' tunnel when the oarth fell in to tho extent of 80 I'eot. A tree, growing overhead, in ils trrttisit downward struck the bid on' I li-) head, causing a nasiygash somo three inches long, which bled pro fusely. In ndiHtton to this his, arm was severely injured. Mr Bruin at once at tended to tlio lad, and had him convoyed to Launceston, and on arrival lie was taken to tho General Hospital. As re gards tlio tunnel itself, much loss lids not hedn sustained, as tlio stuff thnt; hiis ' ?flillen in is workable. The tunnel was 0 lly secured with ' soldiers'' or props, with caps on them, and not property limbered with slabs as it ought Iff htivo, been. Evon a cnsual visitor to Brandy Ci'fok must bo struck with tbo dangerous siato of the {riound on many of tho claims The groiin'l, consisting of simdy loam saturated' with heavy rains, leaves the roots of trees utmost bare, and with' liiifli'wilids many of these must, fa'l, Uririeing destruction to the miners empbiyod in tba adjoining mitimberud claims. We wnrn the mining population ?at Brandy Crcck-tliat unlo-is propi r pro cautions are tuken in working the claims that loss of life will betho result. The Aistioi'iiONU. — A new instrument has boon produued in America. Accord ing to t'vo published description, its function is llmt, ' placed upon a locomo tivi', it will raiso its voice when desired and nrinounuH in giant tones that can bo beard for miles, ' I iim the engine Marm'a 'iiif', unrl will stop ni Bontoon Station,' iir wlia'-cver other warning or information 'it ' eli-vis s. ' Tni-i' instrumfint might bo usefn'l/ employe:) in thi.s coutitry and 6n our mo»t chbrishcil railro-tds. Thanks to advertising e-utorpriscj it is r.irely possible to rend the nnmc of the station. One is impressed wiih the virtues bf various tfriido* of domcstii; n»', but remains pro fotifidly i-rn»rnnt nf w!i«ro one is. Tlio inartiouldtn boivl of a riiilwny porter iaof no nssistinjo whatever, inasmucli ashy the exorcise of fl-ndish ingenuity lie pro Hiiro? a sound utterly unliko tlio tiams of ?Ih? plane to which he is. attached. An aerophone would be a vast improvement on tlie inaraoula'e pnrt'er. Tho name bf the place approached by the train tfttti'ld be welconii' even in '* giant tones,' to Clio ?hapless voyagers who crane oiit ol' tbo carriage, And, ooiifronted by the ' L un, thoNet, and the Mouse,' s'irisk tl«iir inq'.iiries to a lout who, if ho an-^vcv at all. buries out a series of unii.t 'Iligiblo sou'ifls.— Iran. TlIE iN'VBJfTOll OK TUB PUON(HI;|/.PH. ? Edison, the inventor of the phoniiirr.iph, was formerly n, telegraph oprrutur in ?Boston. Whilb there ho pl.we.l an ingenious trick, which cost 1 ? i * ii his place. It was the rule for ua-.;h night operator to telegrnph to bend ipiavturs ev*ot'y half hour tho number 'Ii,' and the name of the ofh'ce, to deniiiiistriito that ho was wide awake. Ellison con trived a machine which would, ;ifc rbgiilur intervals of half an hour, salute 'the central oflico without waking him up, If ho chose to sloop. He sold them to other operators and was discovered, anil '? dismissed tho servi-o in disgrace.' He now employs about twenty-five men to materialise his ideas, and is worth 150 000 dollars. Great Men and thkir flp.AiJis«.— ThonewPopo complains that he does not receive the Norristown Herald regularly. Wo can assure Mr Leo that the fault does not lie at our post-oflice. No doubt tho postmaster at Rome loans it to his friends, who sometimes fortrct to return it. And we have a complaint also from tho Khedivo of Egypt H o wants us to uso a much heavier and stronger quality of paper. He snys by tho timo eight hundred of'liis wives read the Herald it is so ragged and illegiblo that liis other hundred and fourteen wivos are deprived of the pleasure of- perusing it, and they grumble awfully about it. Hereafter wo shall print the Khedive's copy on parchment. Kow is tho time to subscribe ; job printing neatly executed, and satisfaction guaranteed. — .Korristown Herald. The Dearest Woman- to -Love. — Some one has written beautifully to the boys in the following manner. Hbre is a- whole isermon in a few sentences : ' Of till'' the love affuirsin tho world, nothing can s.urpaas the true love of the big boy for his mother. It is pure love and noble ; honorablo in the highest degree to both. 1 do not mean-merely a dutiful affection. I moan. a love- which makes a boy gallant and cohrteous to his mother, saying to everybody plainly that he is in love with 'her; Next to tlie'l0vo;of a husbdncl, nothing so crowns a .'woman's lifowith -honor as this second love,, thisdovotion of a'son to her. And I never1 yot know aboy to ' turn out- bad' who began by- falling' in love with iiis mother. Any man niay fall ?in lovo with a frosH-facod girl, and tho ?man who is gallant with the girl may ci'tiolly neglont tlie worn and 'weary wife. : Cut the boy who'isuilover of his mbfclier inher middle age is a1, true knight, who will love his- wile as much in the sore leaved autumn as he 'did in the dasieel ?spring-timo. 'Alu D''Arcv: Head's Ghost.— Ii cbn sequence of the 'continuous wet- weather, and; tlio h'oavy'-' fall- of rain last bvbning before' eight' o'oiook, ' the 'attendance at tlio Pavilion. Tlioiuro was very limited. -Tho on tertainnii; tit ivasunder.the patronage iof tho inuyor, but the very inclement statoof tho weather prevented' him from atton'dinx- Mrlluad, therofore, irifbrm'ed th'e limited1 audjenbo that thbycoiild ?either; liave tb'bir- money ^returiib'd' .or itnckcts for ^nbsti.'ovening, asi^he'did'inot -intend! to-profleodrwiCh; the- perfornialnco .then, i He i remarked. ,that.-- he; had, never produced his. entertainment ^ in.aliy.toTrn ''before ^uch' small' au'dibaoes asW hfid'iu -Iianncertbh. 