THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME ; ■>' ■/. •' OB, The ExpEBiEirGEa of1 abt Edihbeegh X)eteotiyb.~No. XCYII.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] ' HALF HANGED. It seems strange and quite unreasonable ' tq us that professional thieves who live by practising every form of treafeherv and dis honesty should themselves he so sensitive in regard to any breach of faith; but so it is. I suppose reason and the criminal can-: not, in .the very nature of things, travel . long iu-each. other's company. In many '! cases.where an honest man is injured by a': thief he alloris: thq,- wrong ''to*pass un challenged, and unpuhished:; but let a thief be injured by any one to the most trifling extent—or merely fancy himself injured— and there is no crime or outrage he would consider too great for his revenge. I have known a thief who was rather roughly hustled iip to the Police-office, treasure up the fancied injury for years, and then l( pitch into" the inoffensive policeman to the extent of breaking his thigh-bone, trampling him under foot in a dark close, and laming him for life.1 That . was the revenge on an '• honest man and common foe; -but when the traitor, as in the following case, is of them selves, the vengeance is far more swift and sweeping. Sauntering easily along . Queensferiy street, at the west end, one day in February, I waa rather surprised at being addressed ; hy a diminutive rascal—one of a gang of# : hree not long arrived from England—* ■ ' called Charlie Gubbina. • .It is'-scarcely ! ! correct to say tbat I was addressed by him, '• ■ ; for I was the first to speak, but it was only bpcause, instead of slinking past me, he lingered,, grinning familiarly at my side as if desirous of making some communication. Charlie was scarcely, five feet in height, and; was possessed of a face showing in a most repulsive degree low cunning, and no thing elseso it may he guessed that the7 ;' ! look I gave, him in return was not quite, bo " '-v pleasant as lis own. - ; ' • lC Well,: what do you want?" I growled out, stopping short, and looking him keenly : in the. face. " Nothing, only-—" and a shuffling l<jpk ayojuad, as if suspicious of "being W^tc.hed, finished the odd speech, ' * Then walk off, and say it to,some onb else," I said, rather sharply, turning to go. " Stop," lie said, bringing back his eyes to my face; "I mean that I have something to say, There wa& a draper's broke into week afore last,ras you mavbe heerd." • " Yes; weUP" I tried to repress every appbarsjase of eagerness or interest, and;;; succeeded tolerably well, having a faint sus picioh of what was coming. <£ You've .neyer.got any .one .yet.?''— " No, but we mean to before long.; we've got some :of the shawls,1 and we will soon trace the hands that lifted them" ' This'spe'e'ch, giyen with, more .aisantajice;, and firhmess^thah' I actually. ,feit, seemed to have a damping effect on Mr." GubhVs, spirits, and lie.toed the frozen pavement with a| ragged boot for some.moments in hesitation' and silence. I read him through at. ..a., glance ; he was debating whether ; treachery to. his; pals, of ab?6lute silence : wo'nid be most beneficial,xp himself in the | long ium. ' ' ^ i .. ''You're hunting for bsvide'nce, in course,", he said at last, '.'but all. yer.-. hunting mighth't Come to much unless ye, got a hint. .: fi'oiiiPWrhe 'fly ."eoVe Trot, .knew' a" thing dr. .••two—see P" .aiid the cuhning leer that .aaf conip'anied the laSt' word was qujtebeyond descff^Sfon*.'""- ... :, .V , . "Ah, but.we've got a hint .already," I coldly ydmarked.,' f 1 could lay my, hand on one of the thieyea 'at fhis moment, without :• stirring, an'ihch from the spot, either, and; be 'quite sure I had made'no'mistake-;, whether I r would, be- :able to prove him. guilty',ibf 'course, is quite atf other thing." that's, it^ye cquidn't prove.it," he' ' said; hnghteningSuddenly at, the last clause. '■tNow1 supposedt, was done by.' more than one ;. "YQUvtfe'edii't suppose, anything of the kind j'ye' Icnqp that it wai. done byt'.;|ihfee at quietly put'in. "" 'three, _ . . , y, and wiiirtB' pik'ch on "the other'tpm, midget 'em .nabbed, "and!\appear 'Wainst; 'em, wouldn't hd he' let off?" lid„ ->,Jji\~ \\\ . whole thfee ; hud,. 'fliougjir his jfreaphery might be a'boon'to 'there yyas something so loathsome 'abotit the 'man's appearance and caution tliatT really hesitated whether to accept pr refuse., '/ I- suppose you mean to say 'that,.finding the casaoloseiypressed-, and fearing cap-f tuve, y'oii. ■wis^' to turn 'found and give tin formation m: time''to'save your own skin!?": I pointedly remM^d, asrsoon as I hnd.jL'e EdHKa^^PPP|^ain':'tOed the paye-r menJ^i^Phis'YaggbJr boot','but made pbi reply/'i',.'';' :V,' 1 " If Ttli'at isViWliht'you mean, j'can'only say that; it ^'.^iiigM^.'pfg^bie.' that you wouldv-heJ;tiaken 'as'''evidence and' get. off, while' Bill'Slott "aftd. Tom Jicklihg would the nafnhy .yet, hor how "it".was doiie 'but if you give me a1 paper promising. thgitPiV be took as .eyidetijM^d'ba Pli fejl ypu where'ahdJyvhen jfou may !clap!the darbies on the other two."jrV 'r r, ' V. , I took-dirt!my'note-bookwithout a word,, wrote -b^t' the .fequifed,, promise," tore out the leaf/and1 jflacfedvjit' fn hi'^|hapd.His , eves twinkled 'greedily. di.'he clutched at th'e papb?, ^din a1 moment he had caused it to dfsapiear abdut'his 'dress as dettiyj.as, if it bad-'heedia,.Stolen .bank-note: ifir jv , hundred*pbundsV " Now^thhtis';airtight,'; b'gsaid, .with p i .satisfied;'gi'^nT ' Y*pii' know-1 Bill Siott's'j place; itf Hii!y*srCrqse:?" '"1 " I do, !dYoiti'^t:yod^brtb^feJ)dopT^pp ?V. ioiuetiideS.' WeU^ypu'lrhow; that'tiie close isvso tiiaraotv 'that' "ye can reach, easily. r- out of a wihddw..dh''phb'side,,iiitQ'window on the dtbef?" ' ' I nodded.0 " Well, that's what yoivye to do.tornight, —leastaways' at' two in the, morning1, or there.aboftfs; V You've'. to get into , the hempt^Tiouse opposite—slip in afthe^^ wiiiT, dow nextito Slott's; which ,is the only oiie no one Uses; ^d.llSbaye a hole,' hofed in the plaster - w'rit ye caii peep tmough', and the moment I says out loud the names' of the two coves beside me, you peg in and' collar 'em." .. •• . ......... "But why Mpst we ,yfait tilldwo in'fhe morning':'"" "I asked, with.-some .-suspicion. " I think I "could name f the'-two" jdst now", and collar them too, without .your assistance, if you only, agree to, appear against themi" Yesf 'but" tlie'n' they'll know - - ifwas treachery, and they'd pitch into me though t hey had to yvait. evgr. so, long. I daren't trust tofr that—I must seem.to.be nabbed along wi' them, and make a-lot-of fuss and sham fightin', just to put 'era off "the scent. If .Bili SIp.tt;pnly got a, hint; of treachery, he'd kill, me; as. sure. ns guns;. I know?it; cos he's killed two . or- three already, and • al'ysgotp^'j.... v rv f': - : "And l supppse you will be .particularly j ,. engaged witu them^. up till that time V'r'i j remarked, hitting riu; p randomf. way the j truth, but . without; .once suspecting-1'had done.so.v . . . '.•'. " Yes, ju.?t so,"he- auswered, with some confusion^, which I was too, busy to notice at themompnt; " but I'll. tell .ye all about that wheii they're nabbed.- That's all I've to say, so Bll hook it. Don't forget about the winder,, and the closet," and without another ^pr.ll;-he . shuffled, .off- round'the corner and vanished.. '. . ; He got thrpugh Qhavlotte-square without hindrance, , and thai turned1 along Rose street, with the intention of,making his way to Hay's Close—a narrow, .dark hoie at the head of thp Canongate, nowicut .away. by i mpro vem ei»t$.. .-rBut.scarcely had he turned the corner .when he heard , a heavy patter of feet behind him, and, looking round, was astonished and alarmed to see at his hack the two friendsaud companions he had been , so sedulously attempting to betray. Bill Slott was a cracksman of the bull- | dbg speeiesrr-heavy in build, strong as an ox, beetld-brpwed,;and pug-nosed—but his J companion, Tom Jickling, was quite a con trast to him both in appearance- and dis position. He, was tall and thin and shivery, an arrant coward at heart, always squinting i-ound corners for a dreaded policeman, and in appearance not unlike a huge pair of tongs, with,a Scotch cap stuck on the top most knob. ■; Slott was the first to speak ; and - when he did it was with a growl and a snap, that told the traitor Charlie to'look out for gforms. "So! ye-v.e got it all peached, and the trap laid for ;us, so that we'll all be nabbed to-night when we go out to Cecil House ?" he ground out from between-his. teeth, j " Did ye not think I was.a-watchin' of yer from the top of the next opening ?" " And did yer not know that: I was in the entry close by,and saw McQovan write somat and give it yer ?" added Jickling, following up his more strong-minded- com- I •- anion. , - ;■,■}< \- " " Upon my soul and honor, I never peached about-the crib we're to: crack' to-1 night," crie^C^liarlie Gubbins, with perfect j truth,' which, however, was less favorably received -than if.it hadibeon a lie. ;" I only tried to pump , him'about the .draper's busi ness, and see,if: "lie was getting any nearer US." ' .. . -r . ," I.belieye .eyery; word ye.say," said" Bill' .Slott, with' deadly emphasis, and a calm ness so unusual that ;Gubbins -gave himself •up for lost. . " Look ye, : if . ye've betrayed us so much as that"—and he- pointed out about the sixteenth of an inch of his dirty nail—" why, I'll kill ye, that's all.".- ■ "' And I'll, j dance on yer grave," added Jickling. " "'.v ; , . , -; :V " Apd I.means to ^vatch,. ye. every mo ment of the, day,- and,, if; ye speak to an other of the spots, I'll take that..as . a sure pign that ye've tried to get us jugged—so look out,ghat's rail." • • . " Yes, look out, that's all/.' added .Tick ling, with a flourish, though: in reality !he feared'"aud'shrank before the little Gubbins single-handed. i,;;, ■, i ' A ;loucL burst of protestations. - and in genious..lies was the answer,-and at-.last they allow.ed, the suspected traitor to walk .'on ispme .distance, before them,- seemingly jiWith a'yiew not.to attract the, attention, of' 'thepolice, hut jin reality...to consult as to. the.doom pf'the traitor. , : V "He' tliinks we" believe his lies," said .Sloit, darkly.. "(Let him—it'll- suit us all the:befter. He's got that,paper abouthim j yet; Jkeep yer ,eye on him: that, he don't [ drop it.or stow, it .away. .Watch him till .'four o'clock, when. we've. to • start for the crib beyond. .Corsto'rphine.": .T'-'Pb,' Loi;!..ye've pever,.;going .to. risk: .that,"Vcried the. cowardly jickling; "the beaks mil 'he waitin' stowed in the.housep with,McGovau ab-thriajtoM, to snap us up: the piinit we jumpdi^HPf?; ; '" Don't- waste, yei* ^®&71npr think I'm a fopl;'rgTOwled':Siott,^Bpi.a hoarse chuckle. ;" .We aiii't goiijjjj^fhe way -to; Cecil House t't gpihldAtl -nut, . But ye.remember. that'1 lonely hill^P'crossed when we-.were spyih' 'the' place '<^t—Costof pkine Hill they i cail'iitT^'WPll, the .moment jye gets to a | good spot—where there's trees, and nobody f likely''to •interfere, giye' ye the wink,. and 'wPTl'Ibbth .pounce; p'ri him at , once. Then we'll read the paper, and,,if. it, means: treachery Tll.scrag him ojythe. spot !"■ ... Sdfaghiin't^dead,?. u. , ; ' . .'tfDe:ad''as;,Vpatriafch.", .' , ;; 1 ' Jicklihg' shuddered and shivprqd., ' . .'" 'f,Better be captious,'''.'lie advised, not out Osgood-will .'-to ;tbe traitor, .but situplyyiOut , otj'ear of. the Cpiisequ'ehcesj.|o'himself. •It would' bS murder, and"i)iat:.W;Oujd:.-bring? scragging to us." - .r . : 7 d hjbfc' a1 bit,.I'll pisk. tjiat—any way,, lie must idie,"''sai4 Slott, ,,witli a business-like, 'coolness"and'1 dogged determination .which, the other 'knew'' were not to" be fought against^ "Ye see nobody ever,..murders by sbraggihgV and it'll only appear in the papers, as a "Strange suicide'pf a thief.'.' Ha, ha,I 'It'll be ah good's the theayter to read it." , ,-Jipkling tried to echo.the laugh out of .deference db his master,. but .the, nervous . j;witchm»t (ajt '.^ig r,mouth.; only; made. the .chuckle die'away in .a grpan.-., 5?:it:s a pity, to lull ihim," Lp-put in-,after a pause;" " better to give him a good pitch ing ojrer. a i,ock,, qr, somethingnrrbreak. two: of hip leg! 9*. sPT?n4 {j>v® hjpp; a shake he won'tifprget'foi',awhile.",. . Aun' add' other seven ye/ivs to youf sentence ?" 'added Slott, with aseoyvl ahdia spepr, S "-You're-.genero>u$., No,;,I .say; if. he's , a traitor, he's to,..be;,scragged..oji the spot/sb^here's an^enditvit.'^ . ; J ickji.hg.said "no more, though-hp-heartily. wishea hinjself out ofthe,job. , He wasriot convinbed—far from it^jthatthe, absolute, destruction of " 'their . companion . was necessary—He. was merely afraid that - if he argued the point too long, ' he, might exasperate."such'a. dogmatic' thinker as Slott, dnd perhaps'bring the same .terrible fate upon himself'' They all reached Hay's Close, arid dined lis if riothing had occurred to.ruffl^ their'serenity; arid then packing up. the necessary tools in _an . invisible , way. under their clothes;'they left the house with the early twilight, arid by different routes made their way to the west endand thence together out' by the Dean, and. through some cross roads'to'the' path running across Corstorphine .Hill. It was a clear, cold night,, with' rio moon to light them on their, way, but with a thousand stairs flashing, in "the flarlr libriveiis right down through the double line of leafless trees. skirting •the' steep path. NBrie of . the three cared for eitlier.'stars or lrioon^they, .thought dhem' nuisance's rather than anything else; yeti-.at/tihe top pf the path,, where a rustic turnstile barred the' way, they paused and rested a riiorri'ent on a rude seatj where a splendid panorama of Edinburgh by night burst upon their " yieW..'. The Castle, turreted hospitals, long' rows of stately houses> with the dark- mass forming the background—which they new tb.bejthe Old Towiiyfroru which they had come—were one gigantic network of twinkling lights,; which, clearly seen through the frosty :aif, attracted their gaze in a moment. , Yet no expression of wonder or almiration rose to their lips. They were top busy with, their own thoughts and plans. Iii one mind was murder; in another abject fear,, and in the third vile treachery. '' Jickling did not like to flrtok' pt' the stars or lights, because he fancied? they were winking derisively at him, while Slott merely said, with a fierce greed in his ey'e!—. : "If every one of them lights was a piece of gold; I'd have' some, or I'd know the reason why.", "But something mighthappen to keep ye from getting nerif ''em," remarked Charlie Cubbing. " We never know what lies afore us." • . "That's true," said Slott,, darkly and fiercely, and with a peculiar emphasis; "so-come on through the stile, and.lets be, yetting done with oHr:job." ' As he got out the last words, he fixed his eye meaningly upon the trembling Tom Jickling; who at Once understood that, the dreaded moment for action had come. ! ' . Slott'got through first, Crribbins followed, arid Jickling brought up the rear; and scarcely was the lanky thief clear, of. the turnstile, ! and into the'shade of the trees and ever greens, than Slott was at Gubbins with a bound arid growl, hearing him over and down on the ground with the utmost ease, j where he pinned him till Jickling adjusted the ropes in a way satisfactory to all but the stricken traitor, whose limbs and wrists they were cutting into. j.. Hullo!—that'll do — whpt's all this for P" cried 'Gubbins, at last, looking up front the hard, frozen grpund, and wrig gling about his'bonds Tike a fluke just landed. " This is rayther much of a good thing. "A ; joke's a' jokebut this one's gone toPfar.", . , • ! ~ "Likely," shortly and grimly put. in Slott;perhaps it's got to go' a good deal farrer. Turn out his rags, Jick." y A deadly pallor overspread the traitor's face at the words, and he tried to wriggle over on the top of the'note in his. pocket which I had scribbled out in the morning. ."•What have I clone?/ What 'do you want ?" he piteously screamed, heedless in. his fear of the kicks" being showered on'him by the lanky and cowardly .Tickling*. • " We wants the paper wot you got from McGovan this mornin'," coolly answered Slott. "We're kinder curious to see wot ■ it says." . ■ . ' *. . . A"wrench of .Tickling at the same moment brought out the1 paper, and then the whole surroundings of the unhappy traitor seemed to whirl in a maddened gallop about his eyes and eai*3. The education of both Slott and Jickling had been considerably neg lected, so even after they had struck a light, and turned the glare of a1 dark- lantern they carried on the paper, it took them nearly a. quarter of au hour to spell out its ominous contents. Slow- reading,^however, ^con siderably enhances the value of what is read, as every Greek'scholar knows, and, when they had finished, the passion of both, hut of Slott iu particular, was something . fearful to behold. "So! ye're to get off by turning evi-. deuce about something after ye've helped to nab.us ?" -hoarsely put in Slott,: stooping 1 dowmto give the half- senseless, victim the benefit of his glaring eyes.'' " The'beaks, I s'po'se, are waitin'.us'at Cecil House ? We was to " be < pinched in' a jiffy, when yoir •would be put in another cell aiid let off aflerflie trial " ' •• "Lnever peached aliouifCecil House,and the spots are not waitin' there—I swear it by /all* that's holy!" • burst out the traitor, with wild energy. " If ye doubt ihy wnrd'/ go andjsee." ■ *. ' . ; '* , Thougjithis was tli'e; truth,'it was only, received with a bitter and satirical laugli. a' We'll: be 'sure to gd':—oli; yes, find be. nabbed," cried the two tine res, budging ) .each other's sides-in-a-particular. know Ling way. ";Oh, yes, we wants to get j McGoyan's darbies.on our'wrists,1 we does:" i . ." Look here," added. Slott, stopping, the laugh, 'and proceeding very coolly to fit a , running ipoose to a ropelwhich he took from hiahack pocket, "we're not goin' to-.Cecil House at all.—never meant to—so you've done;tliere, and we're goin' to help you to. commit suicide: yer must be weary o'dife, .and theylljbpnt all abqut; you..-in the •papers, ;sq that's'something. . Don't, howl so—if it's yer supper ye're sorry at. missin'; don't let : that upset^ye, cos I'll eat your share for ye. .Come on, now, take it easy—there's.no use -makin' a fuss about a thing onct ye're fairly in feu* it, so jist shut yer tater trap. • Now; Jick, slew that end over the thick .branch rip there,: while I fit on this to •••his neck.. "■ I'll promise;ye as neat a* job as Cal craft if ye'll bn'y keep still while I put it right: Blow you!" he added, as the other . struggled frantically to evade the noose, .".ye'rp the most .onveasonable' cove I ever see'd-^-if ye .wobble about, how can I put It on right? There, take it any way—-ye'll on'y suffer all the more. Puli up,. J ick." '• : Jickling did pull, hut though , the noose was fairly round Gubbins' neck, and rapidly choking pff his w.ild screams for help, the desperate struggles of the traitor made -the job rather a tough one;. and he might even have torn his head iii some -way from the noose, had not Slott suddenly tightened it by placing* bis foot against the nefck, and"' tugging it close again with both hands. 'The vicious wrench, almost enough to have broken the neck, effectually stilled for the moment the. traitor's struggles; "and .the next moment both Slott and 'Jickling were pulling at the other end of the rope with as merry a " Yo-heave !" as ever accompanied j .the raising of • an anchor. As soon- as the unfortunate yictim was a few inches off the ground, and whirling round'in the air like a magic teetotum, Slott fastened up the end of the rope to a lower; branch, aud felt for his pipe to wile, away; the - time till the finish, while Jickling, averting; his eyes from the terrible spectacle, slunk away, evidently with a view to a speedy return homeward. ... i " Stop," cried* Slott, ? "where are ye goin' ?"....- . •• " Home, arn't we ?*—the—-the su—ti pper '11 be coo—o—Id if we don't," replied Jickling, with chattering teeth.; ' "Never mind the supper—it won't eat itself ; besides,, it's as good a s' supper to watch him," coolly returned Slott, lighting his pipe and puffing away comfortably. " I wonder what he kicks so; much for; he might know it's no use." , "Is he kickiu'?" timidly- put iu'the other.; ' . ." Can't ye see ?" ;'-.• *.•*«. . "No, I,don't, like to look. Let's go, for heaven's sake." . . . Not a hit till he's quiet. He's precious strong, and will take a lot of hanging. • Jickling shuddered, and looked as if he could.hitve flown the spot, but. for a whole some diead of the man so coolly puffing at the short cutty, aud admiringly surveying his work. After about twenty or thirty. | slow draws, Slott started forward aud critically examined Guhbins's suspended figure, now hanging quite limp and still. " I thiiik h's croaked," he said somewhat dubiously, " but in case he's foxing, we'd better let him stay up a little, like my father, when Calcraft was A tearing sound, a sudden parting of the fibres .of the rope near the branch above, followed by the heavy flopping of their motionless victim down on the ground, in terrupted him, and di*ew a burst of curses to his lips. |... "Hang it! the rope's broke!" he cried, kicking at the lifeless form on the ground, as if the accident was blameable upon//. " I never knowed anything like that; that rope was stole from one of the best greens in Edinburgh, so it should he good; and to | think that It; should go and frizzle away like that! That's how the public are cheated. If I only knew the man it was bought from, I'd take it in and give him a piece of my mind. Never mind ; Gubbins is dead, so it hasn't done so had.' Come on, Jick, and cover him up wi' branches and leaves—all like the babes in the wobd—and then we'll off home to our supper." But Jickling was now powerless, and , could not have approached the body though he had himself been strung up on the spot; and.Slott, consoling, himself that the thing would look all- the more natural without the covering* up, gave a last admiring look at Ms handiwork, saying— "Well, Calcraft gets his money easy," and then left the spot—Jickling hurrying him a little by declaring that he saw the dead'waii inoye. _ The return journey was accomplished-in j .silence* and witli laggard steps; but, asthey 1 passed the Tron as it was striking one,, they were almost too soon for us, who did not expect them till two. It was only a prac tice of mine to leave a broad iriarn-i22; in matters of .importance that saved us. °I had planted four men in the fiat below Slott's lodging;' and then betaken myself,, with McSweeny, to the opposite land, and thence, with some difficult}', we got to the window indicated bv Gubbins, which we prised up and clambered in at. The room, we found, was very small, pitch dark, and the door iocked on the other side; but,, as it k'ad been arranged that Gubbins-was to find some excuse for opening this before giving the signal, the last circumstance gave us no uneasiness. A faint spot of light on the opposite wall led us to the hole which Gubbins had bored for us in the plaster, and, perring through, we could just .discern a low room, lighted only by the fire, at which two pots were gently -simmerin" and sending through fo us iu our prison rather an apetising odour. A bottle of whisky, two broken glasses, and a cup without handle, were set out in tempt ing^ array on the'table, causing McSweeny to Jura away from the peephole with 'a smothered sigh; ',■■■•. k ... " I hope Charlie won't he long, and then we can drink.all .their very good healths," he |aid, as I took his plaije DonJ wish that,,for you have an hour, at. least, to wait—perhaps two," I unfeel ingly answered; but scarcely had the words left my lips, when the door of,the room I was peeping into was opened from without, and, Slott and Jiekling entered, each making an iiistiXhtaneoiis dart at the whisky bottle on the table and then struggling for . the first pull. At last, after each.had, imbibed what would have; floored an ordinary drinker on the spot, they lit a candle and sat down to stare at each other, across .the table. Slott looked .sulleu and iilmost *ingry, kut Jiekling was,; pale and ghastly,, and 'continually turned his head, as if ex peotiiig at every mbment to see a ghost. . Well, ye. cu?sed fool, don't look so sheered,'' §aid . Slott ,t.o . his. companion. " rhats . one good,.-job done,, and all as natural as life", ; ; 2 " I—I'm hot skeered— ouly tired," said Jmlrjing, and then there was a loiig silence, till Slott pitched his cap and boots to the other end of the,room, and- said— j. "j Come , 021, their—dish -up the • supper, With shaking hands Jiekling brought out three plates, and dished first a stew of steak and onions, and 'then a boiled apple pudding. Slott set .to witb a will to wolf up. the meal, but Jiekling turned from it with a sickening qualm, "I know I'm a fool,".he-said, in answer tp' a thundering thud of Slott's .hand on the table, " but I can't force myself to eat,. I 'ain't a bit hungry, and I can't help thinking I see bipod on the meat." - , .. a.jpi blood ye, if ye talk; any more non .sense," .growled Slott, ; savagely.. " Wait till I'm done—that's all," and he finished the ineal-in. silence;; heedless of Jickling's starts aiid fearful glances .towards the door. Ikon, pouring out .a cupful of. whisky to Jiekling and, a, tumbler for. himself, be pro posed,1 the toast—' :r .. To pui*.absent pal, whose supper we've • j list, eat." ■ _ Both., laughed, heartily as • the .toast was drunk, ai]d then Slott proceeded to cheer up his friend's spirits, by amoisy rendering of "Nix my dolly,, pals, fake away;" But before he,had well begun the second verse, a slow and .upcertain, footstep - on the stair caused J ickling to start to* his feet,, white as a sheet, hnd breathlessly" gasp out an im perative "Ilush!" •• •., *, Neaveiyand nearer came the step , till it paused directly in front. of the • door Upon •.which the fascinated gaze of . Jiekling was now riveted. .. " It's Charlie's step—I'd swear.to it any where," he whispered Jo.Slott; and then, sure enough, the door softly opened, and in the entrance., appeared a thing having a faint resemblance to the, , man we were patiently waiting for. White as the lanky coward at the table, with his head twisted a little ,to one side, and his hand held up at his throat, iu evident- pain,. Charlie erlided slowly into the room, and then in a pecu liarly .hoarse whisper got out the .following words:—,, ' . 0 "I. never peached about Cecil House-— a'elp me never, I didn't" • Slott dropped back- in his. chair,, gazing blankly at what he supposed to. be a spirit; but Jiekling gave out. a,yell of terror tbat migbt Lave, been heard, away.up at. the Police Office. ; " Ye ve hurt my neck—blow .me, if' I think it'll ever.be right again," slowly con tinued the;spectre, feeling the injured part tenderly. " Then ye .went away and left roe to come liome alone. , J ust give us a bit of supper, will ye. I'ye been nearly frozen dowp yorider." "Frozen;, oh,—li,. Lor': !" cried Jiekling, with chattering teeth; "I al'ys heerd it was warm down there—burnitigdiot." . "No it ain't, just feel my hand, it's as cold as ice," quickly, returned the ghost, holding out a cold paw to his friends^ with a suddenness that made the trembling coward spring backwards, and tumble head over heels over his, chair. No sooner^ was he down than the ghost bent oyer him to pick him up; but the moment the cold fingers touched Jickling's warm hand he bounded up with the agility of an acrobat, and with his. protruding eyes fixed upon'the new- comer's contorted face, and his knees knocking together under him, he chatteringly got out "Oh-h, Cha-a-harlie! go back to yev grave, cos I never would have done it only for Bill. 'Twas him that set me on to it, and him that hauled ye up. I on'y -pre tendecl to be drawin' up the rope." The spectre turned enquiringly' to Slott, hut he still sat. with gaping mouth unahle to move ;■• and just at that moment a sharp whistle from our hiding- place drew to gether the wandering wits of the half hanged thief, for he sprang at the door, threw it open, and then closed with Slott for a desperate struggle. But here, again, the icy coldness of his hands as they closed about the throat of his enemy had a more overpowering effect than if they had been wielded by the strength of a vampire. Slott screamed with terror, Jiekling staggered faintly towards the door, where a single touch from McSweeny sent him toppling over on the floor; and then with a rush the men were up from below, and the whole three were secured. We lugged them all off to the Office there and then; and there Slott was only convinced of the reality of Charlie's/being by, hearing him j painfully give evidence 'and facts .which would' effectually convict' his two execu-' tioners if tendered again at tlie trial. .What a pity that rope broke !"• was' all' be said, and tben they were all taken .way and locked up. though not before Gubbins had detailed to us the wouderful story 'of' his execution and resuscitation, and .oidy got heartily laughed at for his pains. • In a word, we.did not believe his story .till long after, though even then his' neck had cer tainly; a strange, elongated appearance; and as for his voice, he never again could boast of one, but talked in a-whisper'till his death. ' ' Slott and Jickling, on their companion's evidence, coupled with, that already in our hands, got each seven years'penal servitude, while the half-hanged thief went' free,' and disappeared from Edinburgh'to follow a less precarious and more honest calling;'! (To be continued.) 