TALES. WITHIN THE PRECINCTS, By Mrs. OLIPHANT. {The right of publication to Australia has been purchased by the proprietors oi the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XII. — B bother akd Sibtbb. -Lottte ran out -while Rollo Bidsdale was getting his hat to accompany her home. She caught up her ehawl over her arm without pausing to put it on, and ran through the dark cloister and across the Dean's 'Walk to her own door before he knew she was ready. ?'The young lady is gone, sir,' Mr. Jeremie said, who was rather indignant at having to open the door to ?uch 6Ort of people. He would have eaid young woman had he dared. Rollo, much piqued already in that ehe had refused to sing for him further, and half irritated, half attracted by this escapade now, hurried after her ; but when he emerged from the gloom of the.Cloister to the fresh dewy air of the night, and the breadth of the Dean's Walk, lying half -visible in sum mer darkness, in the soft indistinct radiance of the stars, there was no one -visible far or near. She had already gone in before he came in sight of the door. lie looked up and down the silent way, on which not a creature was.visible, and listened to the sound of the door closing behind her. The flight and the sound awoke a new Bentiment in his mind. Ladies were not apt to avoid Rollo. 'Not his the form, nor his the eye That youthful maidens wont to Hy.' He was piqued and he was roused, Heretofore, honestly, there had been little but music in his thoughts. The girl was very handsome, which was so much the better — very much the better— for his purpose ; but this sparkle of resistance in her roused something else in his mind. Lottie had been like an inspired creature as she sang, this evening. He had never seen on the stage or elsewhere so wonderful an exhibition of absorbed impassioned feeling. If he could secure her for his prinw donna no where would such a pttma donna be Been. It was not that she had thrown herself into the music, but that the music had possessed her, and transported her out of herself. This was not a common human creature. She wa* no longer merely handsome, but beautiful in the fervour of her feeling. And for the first time Lottie, as Lottie, sot merely as 8 singer, touched a well worn but still sensitive chord in his breast. He stood looking at the door, which still seemed to echo in the stillness with the jar of closing. What did her flight mean? He was provoked, tantalized, stimulated. Whatever happened, he must see more of this girl. Why should she fly from him ? He did not choose to return and tell the story of her flight, which was such an incident as always makes the man who is baulked present a more or less ridiculous aspect to the specta tors ; but he stood outside and waited till the steps of the Minor Canon and the Signor had become audible turning each towards their habitation, and even the turning of Mr. Ashford's latchkey in his door. Everything was very still in the evening at St. Michael's. The respectable and solemn Canons in their great houses, and the old Chevaliers in their little lodges, went early to bed. Rollo saw no light anywhere except a dim glow in the window of the little drawing-room where he had spent the morning, and where, no doubt, the fugitive was seated breath less. His curiosity was raised, and his interest, sup planting that frantic eagerness about her voice which he had expressed so largely. Why did she run away from him ? Why did she refuse to sing for him ? These Questions suddenly sprang into his mind, and demanded, if not reply, yet a great deal of con sideration. He could not make up his mind what the cause could be. Ab for Lottie, she could not have given any reason able answer to these questions, though she was the only living creature who could know why she ran away. As a matter of fact, she did not know. The music had been more than she could bear in the state of excitement in which she was. Excited about things she would have been ashamed to confess any special interest in— about her relations with the Deanery, about Lady Caroline, and, above all, about Hollo^-the wonderful strain to which she had all un consciously and unthinkingly, at first, girert utterance, had caught at Lottie like a hand from heaven. She had been drawn upward into the fervour of religious ecstasy, ehe who was so ignorant; and when she dropped again to earth and was conscious once more of Hollo and of Lady Caroline, there had come upon her a sudden sense of shame and of her own pettiness and inability to disentangle herself from the links that drew her to earth which was as passionate as the sudden fervour. How dare 6he sing that one moment, and the next be caught down to vulgar life — to Lady Caroline and Rollo Ridsdale 't Lottie would sing no more, and could not speak, so strong was the conflict -within her. She could not even encounter the momentary tete- a-tete which before she had almost ?wished for. She was roused and stirred in all her being as she had never been before, able to encounter death or grief she thought vaguely, or anything that -was solemn and grand, but not ordinary talk, not compliments, not the little tender devices of courtship. She flew from the possible touch of sentiment, the half-mo.k, half-real flatteries that he would be ready to say to her. Love real, and great, and solemn, the Love of which the Italian poet speaks as twin sister of Death, was what Lottie' s mind was prepared for ; but from anything lower she fled, with the instinct of a nature highly strained and unaccustomed to, though capable of, passion. Everything was seething in her mind, her heart beating, the blood coursing through her veins. She felt that ehe could not bear the in evitable downfall of ordinary talk. She ran out into the soft coolness of the night, the great quiet and calm of the sleeping place, a fugitive driven by this new wind of strange emotion. The shadow of the Abbey was grateful to her, lying dimly half way across the broad silent road ; and the dim lamp in her own window 'seemed to point out a refuge for her thoughts. She rushed across the empty road, like a ghost flitting, white and noiseless, and swift as an arrow, from the gate of the Cloister, wondering whether the maid would hear her knock at once, or if she would have to wait there at the door till Mr. Ridsdale appeared. But the door was opened at her first touch, to Lottie's great surprise, by Law, who seemed to have been watching for her arrival. He wore a very discontented aspect, but this Lottie did not at first see, in her grateful sense of safety. ' How early you are ! ' he said. ' I did not expect you for an hour yet. It was scarcely worth while g- ing out at all, if you were to come back so soon.' Lottie made no reply. She went up stairs to the little drawing-room, where the lamp had been screwed as low as possible to keep alight for her when she should return. The room was still more dim than Lady Caroline's, and looked so small and insignificant in comparison. On the table was a tray with some bread and butter and a cop of milk, which was Lottie's simple supper after her dissipation ; for Lady Caroline s enp of tea was scarcely enough for a girl who had eaten a not too luxuri .us dinner at 2 o'clock. She had no mind, however, for her supper now ; but sat down on the little sofa and covered her eyes with her hand, and went back into her thoughts, half to prolong the excitement into which she had plunged, half to still herself and get rid of this sudden trans port. It would be difficult to say which she wished most ; to calm herself down or to continue that state of exaltation which proved to her new capabilities in her own being. She thought it was the former desire that moved her, and that to be quiet was all she wanted; but yet that Etrong tide running in her veins, that hot beating of her heart, that expansion and_ elevation of everything in her, was full of an incomprehensible agony of sweetness and exqui Bite sensation. She d d not know what it was. She covered her eyes to shut out the immediate scene around her. The little shabby room, the bread and butter, and Law's slouching figure manipulating the lamp — these, at least, were accessories which she had no desire to Bee. '? Bother the thing ! ' said Law, ' I can't get it to burn. Here, Lottie ! you can manage them. Oh ! if you like to sit. in the dark, I don't mind. Were your fine people disagreeable? I always told you they wanted nothing but that you should sing for them and amuse them. They don't care a rap for you ! ' Lottie took no notice of this speech. She with drew her hand from her face, but still kept her eyes half closed, unwilling to be roused out of her dream. ' They're all as selfish as old bears!' said Law; ' most people are, for that matter. They never think of you; you've got to look after yourself ; it's their own pleasure they're thinking of. What can you ex pect from strangers when a man that pretends to be one's own father ? ' ' What are you talking about ?' said Lottie, slowly waking, with a feeling of disgust and impatience, out of her finer fancies. She could not keep some shade of Bcorn and annoyance from her face. ♦? You needn't put on thoBe supercilious looks ; you'll suffer as much from it as I shall, or perhaps more, for a man can always do for himself,' said law; 'but you— you'll find the difference. Lottie,' he continued, forgetting resentment in this common evil, and sinking his voice, ' he's down there at the old place again.' 'What old place?' As soon as his complaining voice became familiar, Lottie closed her eyes again, longing to resume her own thoughts. 'Oh! the old place. Why, down there; you know — the place where ? 1 6ay!' cried Law, suddenly growing red, and perceiving the betrayal of himself as well as his father which was imminent, ' never mind where it is ; it's where that sharp one, Polly Featherstone, works.' Lottie was completely awakened now ; she looked up, half-bewildered, from the dispersing mists. ' Of whom are you talking?' she cried. 'Law, what people have you got among — who are they? You frighten me ! Who is it you are talking of ? ' 'There's no harm in them,' cried Law, colouring more and more. 'What do you mean? Do you think they re ? I don't know what you mean ; they're as good as we are,' he added sullenly, walk ing away with his hands in his pocket out of the revelatiors of the lamp. Dim and low as it waB, it disclosed, he was aware, an uncomfortable glow of colour on his face. ' I don't know who they may be,' said Lottie, severe, yet blushing too ; 'I don't want to know ! But, oh ! Law, you that are so young, my only brother, why should you know people I couldn t know ? Why should you be ashamed of any one you go to see?' ?? I was not talking of people / go to see ; I wish you wouldn't be so abBurd; I'm talking of the governor,' Baid Law, speaking very fast ; ' he is there, I tell you, a man of his time of life, sitting among a lot of girls, talking away fifteen to the dozen. He might find some other way of meeting her if he must meet her ! ' cried Law, his own grievance breaking out in spite of him. ' What has he got to do there among a pack of girls P it's disgraceful at his age!' Law was very sore, angry, and disappointed. He had gone to his usual resort in the evening, and had Been his father there before him, and had been obliged to retire discomfited, with a jibe from Emma to inten sify his trouble. ' The Captain's twice the man you are!' the little dressmaker had said; 'he ain't afraid of nobody.' Poor Law had gone away after this, and strolled despondently along the river-side. He did not know what to do with, himself. Lottie was at the Deanery, he was shut out of his usual refuge, and he had nowhere to go. Though he had no money, he jumped into a boat and rowed himself dismally about the river, dropping down below the bridge to where he could see the lighted windows of the workroom. There he lingered about, nobody seeing or taking any notice of him. When he approached the bank, he could even hear the sound of their voices, the laughter with which they received the Captain's witticisms. A little wit went a long way in that complaisant circle. He could make out Captain Despard'B shadow against the window, never still for a moment, moving up and down, amusing the girls with songs, jokes, pieces of buffoonery Law despised these devices ; but, oh ! how he envied the skill of the actor. He hung about the river in his boat till it got quite dark, almost run into sometimes by other boats, indifferent to everything but this lighted interior which he could 6ee, though nobody in it could see him. And when he was tired of this forlorn amusement he came home, finding the house very enrpty and desolate. He tried to work, but how was it possible to work under the sting of such a recollection? The only thing he could do was to wait for Lottie, to pour forth his complaints to her, to hope that she might perhaps find some remedy for this intolerable wrong. It 'did not occur to him that to betray his father was also to betray himself, and that Lottie might feel as little sympathy for him as he did for Captain Despard. This fact flashed upon him now when it was too late. Lottie had not risen from her seat; but as she sat there, everything round seemed to waver about her, then settle down again in a sudden revelation of mean, and small, and paltry life, such, as she had scarcely ever realized before. Not only the lofty heaven into which the music had carried her rolled away like a scroll, but the other world, -which was beautiful also of its kind, from which she had fled, which had seemed too poor to remain in, after the preceding ecstasy, departed as frith a glimmer of ?wings ; and she found herself awaking in a life where everything was squalid and poor, where she alone, with despairing efforts, tried to prop -up the house that it might not fall into dishonoured dust. She had borne with a fcind oi contemptuous equanimity Law's first story about her father. Let him marry again ! she had said ; if he could se cure the thing he called his happiness in such a way, let him do it ! The idea had filled her with a high scorn. She had sot thought of herself, nor of the effect it might have upon her, but had risen superior to it with lofty con tempt, and put it from her mind. But this was different. With all her high notions of gentility, and ail her longings after a more splendid sphere, this sudden revelation of a sphere meaner, lower still, struck Lottie with a wild sudden pang. A pack of girls ! what kind of girls could those be of whom Law spoke r Her blood rushed to her face, scorching her with shame. She who scorned the Chevaliers and their belongings ! She who had ' kept her distance' from her own class, was it possible that she was to be dragged down lower, lower, to shame itself? Her voice was choked in her throat. She could not speak. She could only cry out to him, clasping her hands, 'Don't tell me any more — oh, don't tell me any Tnnrp ? * ' ' Hillo ! ' said the hid, ' what is the matter with vou? Don't tell you any more? You will soon know a great deal more if you don't do something to ? put a stop to it. There ought to be a law against it. A man's children ought to be able to put a stop to it. I told you before, Lottie, if you don't exert yourself and do something ? ' ' Oh,' she said, rising to her feet, ' what can I do ? Can I put honour into you, and goodness, and make you what I want you to be ? Oh, if I could, Law 1 I would give you my blood out of my veins if I could. But I can't put me into you,' she said, wringing her hands — ' and you expect me to listen to stories — about people 1 ought not to hear of — about women — 0 Law, Law, how dare you Bpeak so to me? ' 'Hold hard!' said Law, 'you don't know what you are speaking- of. The girls are as good girls as jouare — ' his own cheeks flushed with indignant shame as he spoke. 'You are just like what they say of women. You are always thinking of something bad. What are you after all, Lottie Despard ? A poor shabby Captain's daughter ! You make your own gowns and they make other people's. I don't see such a dreadful difference in that.' Lottie was overpowered by all the different sensa tions that succeededfeach other in her. She felt her self swept by what felt like repeated waves of trouble — shame to hear of these people among whom both her father and brother found their pleasure, shame to have thought more badly of them than they deserved, shame to have betrayed to Law her knowledge that there were women existing of whom to speak was a shame. She sank down upon the sofa again trembling and agitated, relieved yet not relieved. 'Law,' she said faintly, ' we are low enough ourselves, I know. And if we don't do much credit to our birth, is it not dreadful to be content with that, to go down lower, to make ourselves nothing at all r' ' It is not my fault,' saidLaw, alittle moved, 'nor yours neither. I am very sorry for you, Lottie ; for you've got such a high mind — it will go hardest with you. As for me, I've got no dignity to stand on, and if he drives me to it, I shall simply 'list— that's what I shall do.' ''List!' Lottie gazed at him pathetically. She was no longer angry, as she had been when he spoke of this before. ' You are out of your senses, Law ! You, a. gentleman I' ' A gentleman !' he said bitterly, 'much good it does roe. It might, perhaps, be of some use if we were rich, if we belonged to some great family which nobody could mistake ; but the kind of gentlefolks we are ! — nobody knowing anything about us, except through what he pleases to do and say. I tell you, if the worst comes to the worst, I will go straight off to the first sergeant I see, and take the shilling. In the Guards there's many a better gentleman than I am, and I'm tall enough tor the Guards,' he said, looking down with a little complacence on his own long limbs. The look struck Lottie with a thrill of terror and pain. There were soldiers enough about St. Michael's to make her keenly and instantly aware how perfectly their life, as it appeared to her, would chime in with Law's habits. They seemed to Lottie to be always lounging about the streets stretching their long limbs, expanding their broad chests in the sight of all the serving maidens, visible in their red coats wherever the idle congregated, wherever there was any com motion going on. She perceived in a momentj as by a flash of lightning, that nothing could be more con genial to Law. What work might lie behind, what Difficulties of subordination, tyrannies of hours and places, distasteful occupations — Lottie knew nothing about. She saw in her brother's complacent glance a something of kin to the swagger of the tall fellows in their red jackets, spreading themselves out before admiring nursemaids. Law would do that too. She could not persuade herself that there was anything in him above the swagger, superior to the admiration of the maids. A keen sense of humiliation, and the sharp impatience of a proud spirit, unable to inspire those most near to it with anything of its own pride and energy, came into her mind. ' You do not mind being a gentleman — you do not care,' she cried. ? J Oh, I know you are not like me ! But how will you like being under orders, Law, never having your freedom, never able to do what you please, or to go anywhere without leave ? This is how soldiers live. They are slaves : they have to obey, always to obey. You could not do anything because you wanted to do it — you could not spend an evening at home — Oh,' she cried with a sudden stamp of her foot in impa tience with herself, ' that is not what I mean to say ; for what would you care for coming home ? But you could tot go to that place— that delightful place that you and papa prefer to home. I know you don't care for home,' said Lottie. ' Oh, it is a compliment, a great compliment tome!' And, being overwrought and worn out with agita tion, she suddenly broke down and fell a crying, not so much that she felt the slight and the pang of being neglected, but because all these agitations~had been too much for her, and she felt for the moment that she could bear no more. At the sight of her tears sudden remorse came over Law. He went to her side and stood over her, touch ing her shoulder with his hand. 'Don't cry, Lottie,' he said, with compunction. And then, after a moment, ' It isn't for you ; you're always jolly and kind. I don't mind what I say to you ; you might know everything I do if you liked. But home, you know, home's not what a fellow cares for. Oh, yes ! 1 care for it in a way — I care for you; but except you, what is there, Lottie? And I can't always be talking to you, can I ? A fellow wants a little more than that. So do you ; you want more than me. If I had come into the drawing-room this morning and strummed on the piano, what would you have done ? Sant me off or boxed my ears if I'd hare let you. But that fellow Ridsdale comes and you like it. You needn't say no ; I am certain you liked it. But brother and sister, you know that's not so amusing ! Come, Lottie, you know that as well as I.' ' I don't know it ! it is not true ! '? Lottie cried, with a haste and emphasis which she herself felt to be unnecessary. 'But what has that to do with the matter ? Allow that you do not care for your home, Law ; but is it necessary to go off and separate your self from your family, to give up your position, everything r1 I will toll you what we will do. We will go to Mr. Ashford, and he will let us know honestly what he thinks— what you are fit for. All examinations are not bo hard ; there must be some thing that you could do.' Law made a wry face, bu'. he did not contradict his sister. ' I wish he would cut me out with sT ? ecisEors and make me fit somewhere.' he «»ia P^l of ' shrug of his shoulders. 'Ihen he addei ^a caressingly, 'Take your supper, Lottie ; yoJre fc and you want something ; 1 have had mine kit ' I have not told me a word about to-niKht ' m V?u you come in bo early ? How are vou and RidLT getting on ? Oh ! whafs the good'of making S e about it r Do you think I can't see as Plain\ «S* ndge what that means ?' .*?»'« por ' What what means ?' cried Lottie, springing from her seatwith such passionate energy as half &iC; the lad ' How dare you, Law r *Do you Sa * one of the girls you are used to ? How dare vou s^T? to me so?' /''fcpeas 'Why should you make such a fuss about if.' cried Law, laughing, yet retracting. ' If there is Vn thing between you and Ridsdale, what does the few want loafing about here? Lottie! I say, mind I! you're doing. I don't mind taking your advice snm I times, but I won't be bullied by you.' °me' I 'Go to bed, Law!' saidLottie, with glowingev« I Her face was crimson and then pale with excitem^' I After all the agitation of the evening it was hard t o' I be brought down again to the merest vulgarities r-f ' I gossip like this. She paid no more attention to her I brother, but gathered together her shawl, her glove* I the Ehabby little fan which had been her mother'* I and put out the lamp, leaving him to find his wav t I his room as he could. She was too indignant fn* I words. He thought her no better than the dressmaker I girls he had spoken of, to be addressed with vuW I stupid raillery such as no doubt they liked. This », I the best Lottie had to look for in her own home Shp I swept out, throwing the train of her long white skirt I from her hand with a movement which would havp I delighted Rollo, and went away to the darkness and I stillness of her own little chamber, with scarcelv an I answer to the ' Good-night ' which Law flung at her I as he shuffled away. She sat down on her little bed in I the dark without lighting her candle j it was her. self I imposed duty to w atch there till she heard her fai her's I entrance. And there, notwithstanding her statelv I withdrawal, poor Lottie, overcome, sobbed and cried I She had nobody to turn' to, nor anything to console I her, except the silence and pitying darkness which I hid her girlish -weakness even from herself. I 