OUR CONTINENTAL LBCIi^ PARIS, NovKMi-.tR . [FBOM OUR own co#aKsroi«uKM There is but one word to explain iht (.,,.' the ft-arshal — he is " floundering,"—anj escape for him—resignation. As for ihe ^, ministers, 110 one accepts them as ttrio-j, astonishment is that men could be found \ such dead- bjrn honour. As Maciiiahuu c couverted, aud will not retire after heiu^ he must be beBeiged. It is thus that ill; 1 of Deputies iiiiend to act; they will ^ , Cabinet that has not the support of the n,^ that is, in accordance with the national n (l useless trying any more promises &c.;, , u. Republicans—they are as firm as a rock u" determination to have the Republic ami „ liberties henceforth a reality, aud to agauiit a future 16th of May. The Cl Deputies since it has been gratuitously a- the Senate, replies to every move of the I not by words, but by acts. The budget will certainly not be Tote,^ |i malion does not surrender; Emile df proposes to bay the Marshal out by oB-, three years' salary as compensation. Tins more than meets the eye, aud must be read the lines. The Marshal- will be forced in the pressure uf events—they are only u, neither " submit nor resign," The iistim, decided to try the quarrel out between [,.. arbitrary government on the conditiant it is more determined tlian its represent these display no fainting by the way. Bj ai,, , of the Marshal's policy, since thu last m f' the Senate has commit.ed suicide the ciu,;. placeB all its hopes in the Chamber- 111 iu re:; tKlives, men of vigorous action, of sup, 1,1 ^ political blood, and thoroughly cngniz&iu; wants, the aspirations, and the sufferings constituents. for the suffering abroad is profound, and canUot be disguised. From- the uijmuf s» centres the wail of distress is sincere, d„ '' uniform, and all the consequence of ths " adventure iuto which, bad advisera li Macmahon last May.- Within the laac t have had a long conversation with oue uf ttwine merchants of France, lie is n^t , licau as yet, but is so far on the ri>a>l to lv that he has ccased to be a Monarchist, ^ terest of his country. An a proof how " with him, he does uot now sell 5000 fr. of w week, when formerly he received orders ; much per day. But there is positive uiiEtrvitbe artizan aud labouring classes, and k. least, among humble clerks who have b,-; charged, their employers being unable to pay - or to afford them, occupation^ Eiery fl' it crisis becomes moru inleuse, but the cy solution advances ac the same ratio. Minds are preparing for a cessation- r,[ saures iu tho East. Since Bisuiarck has <' openly for Russia, the feeling is- the g^j two political dictators carve out peace 011 thciterms, the better. No power cau prevciit • Englaud is considered as helpless as Autirii for France, her Eastern questiou is iu Ftar.c, Within the last few days the rumours the non-holding of the Exhibition have t~ tain inteiibity. It must be borne iu min i ports originate from tho (jeriuan, aud tii c monarchal press. The lirst would not | cloth and ashes if the exhibition was for a Beason, aud the second fears that th; iicaus may reap all the profit and glurv ; event; indeed, this feeling is not altogether.- to the excitiug crisis. If by misfortune i-. can only terminate by civil war, initfi-l, resignation of a President, or if the Kas! would extend and lap all Europe, it rt' ghost from the grave to assure us the [wit: .:• is a uecessity. There are no signs at fe that such a result is in futurot aud exliil: every political creed are not ceasiug their • tions. As for the ouvriers, they seem t., chanted at having received a special mr exhibit their skill, and sell the products 1; visitors. As if everything seemed to go by conti season in France, Versille8 f that the iMi. ralmight naturally conclude to be very aniu never more justified iu beiug called the • ;; the dead." Asa rule, the Monarchal pitch thoir tents there, the Republicans their lot with Paris—ouce the politic.il France, and destined to be so a^aii..' Monarchal deputies uot feeling certain chamber will ratify their election, won in ; instances by Governmental high handed ;.• have made 110 permanent arrangements . up their wives aud little ones to Vc reside therefore iu hotels au bachelors, \v:„. strapped, iu case the Clumber quashes '.:. very likely to be done, iu consequent, :! other reason, of the Senate refusing to publican, to till a republican vacancy. T:. the seat is contested, thero aro two Iii<.:.:: the field, which brings a crowd of Versailles. I observe that the new tie;, fer to walk from tho railway et.v.i : Chamber rather thau take a train- tick-.:, a seance, is finished, the delile for ti:: represents a kind of lively funeral proi.es-...: With the view of reducing the cases cide France 13 almost deeded to rciti:: practice of Foundling Hospitals; basket to receive the little stranger, aii-i to announce when a "deposit" lias Letit is proposed to adopt tho Italian sysM a monk with bandaged ey.-a sits Lcli.iul t - and takes iu the babes. It is reported tLr. occasion a mother brought her bihv, z. years ; tho monk divining his age by hi: as well as by touch, objected, that the was " too advanced ;" the mother oller-.-r. three children, aged two years each, in ei Tho Jardin d'Acclimation seems to luvc; resolutely into the tame, wild beast sells mauy traiued animals, &c.; Person.-* its tariff of prices ; thus, a beaver costs I 1 ).' an ostrich 1,000 francs ; a polar hear i. 1 rhinoceros 40,000 ; an elephant 40,ui". 1 ; perial Bengal tiger, 00^000 ; an Amcriou 00,000; a gorilla 95,000 ; aud an L- 100,000. The Tribunal lias decided nil iinjj-rli:.'.: paper point. French journals have tin habit of publishing reckless personal if the person injurod protests, his K lished; tho writer of the ubuoxiou.-) apologises, delivers up tho name t author of the scandal, or offers to give .--i-'" by a duel. Tho livenvment complied wit-. Conditions, but a M. de Bassctiere ji-i;:-:-: same iu his suit, aud obtained 2000 ir.".: • and oosts against the paper. This ct>::::- 7 is never handed over to the poor's box ;:; it is kept to cure wounded honour. " i money," is also rarely paid into the t aud such a milliounaire as the <i itwhen a deputy, regularly accepted hi; such, with remarkable punctuality. A most atrocious case of scamhil, in " " t too, has been disposed of. A Muic. VaiiU- -' lieluiau, was divorced iu 1S02, froinlicr. -' a wealthy meichuut, aud moving in - circles iu Brussels. They had in only c.. : 1 named Valentine, then a baby ; the brought up in a convent, aud a v.-..r mother claimed her daughter and cui: - This summer they were the onv.-rv • observers at the aristocratic Mu Valentine "linked" to perfection, a;. . be surpassed in tossing off a slierrv e" - iced grog. Very fn quently 6ho an 1 •• • " accompanied fast young gentlemen — • to supper in a night restaurant, ha.:- •••-' aud daughter lived by their pr-s:M • mother was known to bring her dai.^.u--' • clients, and some had mother au-i , lovers—unconsciously. The com: se::.---; 1 wretched parent to three years linj-r. hard labour for debauchery, aud ur: 1 * to outer the Reformatory. The mother 1 praved as to accuse the child's own e - • i-" 1 being the cause of her fall. Xit t:i- •»-•=• —J circumstance of the matter is, th-in-'.- 5 --'] rich, and the daughter, when she c -i.. ' ' have a fortune of half a milllou of j Continue the supper of horrors, .v.::.-.- 1 called at a wine shop in tile Une .>1 •. • few evenings ago ; they placed the 1 | on a table, surrounded it with live 1 -•••' ' and departed. At IJueven, in the shipwrecked sailors, 011 landing . j posited thereon a small barrel ol I - • with tho wooden shoes of the dm• 1 Ou their return, the sailors fouud I- .] men seated rouud thu barrel, sino.^.— — 1 ing the braudy, with tho shoes for ^ " Judge of the trash published ' " I Parisian monarchal journal. th- 1 •" j correspondent here has made an t. Government, for not viewing it a.- - needful, not only for France, but 1 hints that at best this gontlmum • - . that ho does not send any lett.-i? - that the Times manufactures 111 ' Square all its Continental corrt-s;. ' - 1] of the education of thousands.-! 1 • ••••- accept all this as gospel. j The Government has decided t > * • ., I study of living languages ; it liai \- - . .. j feksur, to give public lectures 011 tongue." I11 prospective of the ExU- tli! 1 • " 1 lodging house keepers has been 1 ,| - M -j leave their addresses and car.i-i - - . I at the consulates of every accrd• I France. They further invite a»> ' ' • 1 gated, to examine tlivir hooks. < - . I they have not run up priced. 1-. j made to induce reatmir.ii.t k--. S4inn ilea ; bur Barkis w n'.. - „ i 1 hibition comuiisstoiicis intend bi-. •-"- - „,J¥, tin; addresses of all rept an invariable turiff ; '" "''., ji conspicuous!» in the i 11>.* HMI of tlio C"1!ln«i«- :. ..u .vj tic operated .. .Vtis that 1876 " ill witness, is r ll, : ' 1 iijiiriianiL-nt, or a billiard a .rai " u (J la t0 carr y off tlie in the department of llerault, , 1 " il . hiit* n prt-si-'iils llie head of a 11 is B ''"Vie. U 8U < 8tt>ci tliat el,e lje -' i V 'ittii"iml funeral. France is ever ','v for hw glories. ' • „,1 Jlolii are at war respecting n^i'iieraling society ; the latter J uicersrtS tliey exist ; the former '^ut neither can prescribe a perfect IIA8 promised to accept the presi Linera! I'ress Club." One of tlie dins bmly will Ijp to give weekly u8 reftiiuranu in rotation, tlie "bdiug the only subscription, de .•before being displayed in a French taiititd 10 t ' 1< " c,; " 8Ure tl,i ! B ° mi11 " jjfi'iineil—Here lies, M.X., who is 