PORTFOLIO., IIe that will have patience onward'shall be sure to have comfort at the last. God will crown the grace of patie'nce with the blessing of consolation; "the patient abiding of the meek shall not' perish for ever." Job heldout in his patience under great trials unto the lst ;' and'God,'out of pity, and in His tender mercy towards him, heaped comforts upon him it the last in, great .abundatidc. '. It 'would be well wirthy our most' serious meditation' to consider both. What, :by God's grace, he did, ind how, by God's'grace, he sped. This we may bide upon as a'most certain truth, that; if i?e'do our part God will not fail in fis.--Bisho Smoideson., God'the Father ilobve, God the Son is love: God the lIoly Ghost is the Father and the Son's love, and this love requires the likei?ess of it inriur oivh bsouls:' Love stands at enmity i ith distance and' for tnmsly;'. it 'chgenders'copflden?'i iia lour 'apprnoahes to 'God'; 'it aspires 'nfter .a kindly, close coimunion with Him, Atid gives us tioldnes.4 to address Him, ,iithut fear or' nisgl?'ing. le lives to no'purpoqo who lives without this grace. But he that keels' his eyes"always fixed; upon G'ld,.as the supreme, thesole w'orthy object of ihis thotightb and desires;-that man meditates upon. iim and 'delights in Him i that man is fed and nourished by him.--St. Agus. tine..' We are equally'ohliged tny renounce the .world, the flesh, and the devil. '\e 'sce plainly the sin' of fiillowii':the two last, We" overlook this great truth', that'it is the love of the world Which gives' the other all the power over us, and ministers occasions of such' sins as 'we abhor the thoughts of,'till we are rlined by them; The spirit of the world is the love of sensual pleasures, which flxes the heart to this world, so that it cannot raise itself to ,nd. ' God' vill have the heart entire: wher it is filled with' the w`irld there' is no place for Illm?.- isIop Thonias Ilison. To root out'our natural corruption must be the work of''C0hristlau's whole 'life the' task' God' has set us; for as suckers, if 'not constantly rooted up and taken asway, .do" at' last draw. the sap to them. selves and hinder the good fruit from thriving; so do growing corruptions, if not narrowly watched, and when they ap pear immediately plucked up. This makles self-denial and ' watching so necessary Christian duties: that by crucifying the flesh we may in some measure conquer all its greater corruptions at last. The want of'this care is the cause of so many die. orders amongst Christians.-I-bid. 