THE MYSTEElES OE CEIME; . . ob, The Expebiewges oe ' aw Edinbebgh JDeieoiiye.-—No.; LXX VI. [Published by special arrangement with the ; ' Author.] A DARK OMEN. I said I liad to give two ghost stories Tunning, because omens and ghost's may be roughly classed together as of an equally supernatural character, and because there really was a sort of shadowy wraith in the . following- case. in addition to the omen itself. I need'not reiterate my own utter disbelief in either. ; When I was a child I had a'mortal terror of " bogles " and Sipectral • " duinbie doc tors," and repeatedly fancied that. I saw them and met them ; but when' I grew up, ' and learned to fairly scout the idea, lo. aiid -heliold every one of the shadowy ap pearances left me in' disgust.' I saw ghosts no more. The simple fact is'capable-of very wide application^ Thousands in this world never advance a step. beyond this ghost-: seeing and ghost- believitig.childbood; Chil dren they live, and children they die; Yet, on such we cannot heap the faintest .blame! or recrimination—their belief is simple and sincere, and is likely to injure themselves' alone. But.tliere is .another and infinitelyj more pernicious phase - of ,the question,, de serving of universal abhorrence . and con demnation—the deliberate invention -of, such stories to pander-to this weakness. I' reiterate, the persop.; by, writer who . sits; down to concoct such; ]w;eii;d nonsense and relate. it as fact—however; thrilling, fa3Pb/ nating, or masterly such.relationmay be— leaves a dark blot behind,him,[fraught with incalculable mischief to whole generations yet to come ; for while hundreds may have the,strength of mind and good sense.to; say, "Pooh! a piece of unmitigated nonsense from beginning to end," thousands would only say," How wonderful—mystical—im pressive!—just suchathingaslhaveoften heard of andalways believed," and thus the darkness and ignorance is clung to and per petuated, r ; - - • • -.1 speak thus decidedly before beginuing , -lo the story iu case the end aud aim o£ the : ! i. ... , . —— . . — wihole should he misunderstood. Some after reading the case may exclaim in triumph, " Why, the omen was fulfilled after all in a way." And so it was, in a way, hut not in the way. . Out about a mile and a half from Edin burgh there yet. stands, in the centre of a dine park studded with - stately trees, a gentleman's country seat, which I shall call Bower House. The place, I believe, is very ancient, - and is so curiously con structed—against all known rule and cus tom—that long-before-the present century it was dubbed " Abbot's Folly," which expressive: title it gets to this day. The 7 owner at the time of which I write was Benjamin Abbot, Esq., a gentleman of about 40 years of age, a bachelor, a Mud of biblio 1 maniac, an antiquarian of great research, and altogether a-strange and eccentric mixture of superstition and deep learning. The house itself I need not trouble to de scribe ; but one wing or detached tower, in habited almost constantly by the owner him self, demands close' attention. If the reader can imagine a massive round tower with one half of it split off from the roof downwards, and the flat side backed with a wall nearly as thick as a house, he will have a pretty correct idea of this old wing. The whole tower, flat side and round, was covered from top to bottom with a massive growth of ivy, so thick and strong that three men could have swung from some of the branches without the slightest danger of tearing them from the old wall.. The front, or round side of the'tower, showed one broad window and no more. Above the whole was a square turret, in which a clock as old as the hills told the hours,' and-.in front of the great window (which was a modern alteration- of Mr/ Abbot himsei) was the nearest of the stately trees I have alluded to—a fine beech, whose farthest-stretch ing twigs waved within a few feet of the window. . Exactly twenty-four hours before I got at the mystery of the "Haunted House' beyond Lover's Loan, Mr. Abbot sat alone in the one inhabitable apartment in the durious wing, poring over one of- his treasures in the shape of an old parchment dovered volume with such frayed leav.es that an ordinary onlooker would have thoiightit only fitf or the fire or dust-bin. The room itself was a-vast roomy hall, the great height of which was only faintly relieved by the sweeping tapestries, great curtains, pnd satin-covered panelling, now dingy with age and neglect. It would be difficult to say what the room was meant for: Mr. Abbot, indeed, seemed; to have selected it ps his treasure-chamber, on account of its strength and inaccessible position, and then -to have conveyed himself and his peculiar Istudies.permanently to the spot. .'Thus the jplace was at once his bedchamber, his library, his study, his dining-room, and his jplate-chest or strong-room. Into the back iwall—thick enough to have scooped bed jrooms in—were built three iron safesj con taining not only the family plate; but many , valuable antiquities in silver and gold as. ■ well. The remainder of the wall, right up jto the window on either side, was occupied with shelves crammed to repletion with , old books and pictures, and fronted with ■ whole piles of volumes three or four deep, j and covered with dust of years' accumula tion. The effect of the whole was that of a dirty old auction room or broker's shop; and in the very midst of all this apparent confusion and real dust sat Mr. Abbot, ; gloatingly surveying one of his dearest treasures. Just about tbis time—that is, wlien most well-conditioned clocks were striking twelve —Mr. Abbot started and listened while the clock overhead slowly.pealed out the hour.' | "Why lie listened particularly on this occa j sion I cannot tell;; but listen he did,. and | count, too, till the. whole twelve strokes were: given, and: then he was petrified— fixed to his chair in a cold sweat of. terror j by hearing the. .bell of . the clock steadily j continue its: strokes, till over twelve peals. ' had been given—making twenty-four in all: —when, with a last discordant clang it; ceased, leaving a., deadly stillness behind, and one man at least in & state of terror aud. dismay bordering On oblivion. An ordinary listener would most, probably have laughed at such a trifling circumstance, and, per-, haps, have passed it off with some such remark as. "I think the.clock's daft;"-or " That clock needs cleaning;" but with Mr. Abbot it was different." According to a tradition attached to;the house, the, clock striking wrong—aud more especially the exact and'fatal .number of twenty-four— was a dark omen, foretelling that in three days the youngest man in the house should die. "With a deadly shudder the owner now remembered that he himself was at that moment the youngest 'man in the house-Mbe butler, coachman, and footman, the only men-servants he would employ, being all" old retainers and above his own age. ... ... " My days are numbered," he faintly whispered to himself. " I am to die—at: such a time,.too, when my collection, the labor of half a lifetime, is approaching com pletion ? I am to die. with.the task uncom 1 pleted—the house and land will pass away I to strangers, and all my treasures ruthlessly j swept away and hawked piecemeal to the | highest bidder !" and, groaning aloud, he j dropped the bcok on the floor and covered I his face with.his hands, i It must "have been a curious and.sugges i tive spectacle to see a man' of such wealth land -learning cringing thus at the striking i of a clock; but, perhaps, it is.so with most of us when the dread summons breaks in upon us. There is always some work un | finished—some pet ambition nngratified— i some fond project cast to the, winds when; 'just on the eve of fruition. "But I may have been mistaken in the number," said-"Mr. Abbot to himself, after a pause to think, and much", in the manner that drowning, men catch at- straws. " I am too young to die yet—only 40, still un- . married, and the last of the Abbots. The tradition always spoke of a wraith or shadowy appearance, too, on the second day; i have to see that before considering myself doomed." On the whole, I believe, up to this time Mr. Abbot,..though startled and: terrified, was not utterly given up to despair. The' strange circumstance only acted as a warn jing to him—a quickener to a long-deferred 'action, which he hew solemnly promised to . [himself he would delay, no longer. ! " I -will break off my secluded habits, go imore into society, get married, if possible, [and, perhaps, leave my. books and ahtiqui ities to a son who will? appreciate and proy beet them," was his next thought; and, ' bavbig thus settled the thing in his mind, he tossed through the entire eight ;u bed, • trying to reason himself out of the belief in a mere foolish tradition, and vowing every kind of atonement for the past if he should only be spared to enjoy dear life. The morning came, and: then, in the great Haze of day, the dark omen, with even his own frantic; vows, were forgotten, or re membered only as a hazy nightmare. No shadowy form appeared before.him to con firm .the; omen, and with a sigh of relief he saw the sun down, and renewed his studies with ;a whetted appetite, as if he had just been'vouchsafed a fresh lease of • life. "While this solitary man was thus bend ing over his books in that deserted and spacious apartment, with only a solitary , lamp lighting up his pale face and imme diate surroundings with its glow, while the background hung round him in mystical waves of grey shadow—two men were getting off the highway outside the park by the very simple process of climbing the wall. Both were powerful and resolute looking ruffians, one. having a slightly Jewish cast of countenance, and the other being an unmistakeably yellow-skinned quadroon, with fierce, restless eyes, and rather handsome features. The night, as I showed in the last sketch, was remarkably clear for November; and even in the uncer tain moonlight among the trees I believe, had I seen them, I would have recognised the two men at a glance as the Ruffian and his new follower, Jem Congo. But unfor tunately no one was there to see them; and at that moment I was discovering not them but some of their tools in the kitchen of the " Haunted" House." What the Ruffian wore'I know not, but the most conspicuous article about Congo's dress was the conical crowned fur cap on his head, which, having side-flaps for drawing down over the ears, but then turned, up and dangling loose, threw a strange and diabolical-looking shadow on" the smooth grass as they pro ceeded towards the house. I mention the trifling fact, not because either of them observed it, but because a good deal of what followed hinged upon it. Their expedition being one of discovery, with a view 'to robbery, was not without its attendant risks; but a previous visit had already taught'them that not one, either at. the lodge or the house itself, was likely to be stirring—save the solitary student upon whose glowing, window their eyes were now anxiously fixed. " We must have a look in at that win dow," said the Ruffian, decidedly, in a hushed whisper. " It would never do to take the story of the three safes full of metal upon mere hearsay. We must see them—study their position—know what tools they are likely to; require—find out whether the room has more doors than one —and try to discover if the'place boasts of an alarm bell." . " Ay, or whether the old bloke keeps firearms handy about him, that he could, pop off at a cove at a moment's notice," suggestively added Congo. " 'Twould be pleasant, wouldn't it, to carry off a pound or so of lead in your stomach, instead of a gigful of plate %" - '•'Bah. You always look, at the wrong side of things," growled, the Ruffian. " We shan't carry off the lead uuless we deserve it for our bungling." " I; don t know, gloomily, responded Congo; "it ain't likely he'll give in without a struggle, and he's not likely to be asleep. Do you think he'll sit calmly by while I empty his safes ?" . "He'll sit calm enough if I'm there," savagely growled the Ruffian. "If he doesn't he puts little value on his life, that's all. I begin to believe that this continued run of ill-luck that is haunting me will never cease till I put a knife in somebody. Don't laugh like a fool, for I might make a mistake and put it in you!" "Poll! you're in a bad temper, or you'd remember that' I never feared a living man," coolly answered Congo. " Try your knife on Mclndoe—he's more deserving of it." ; "Curses on it, I believe you speak' the truth," hoarsely returned the Jew. "Sleep ing or waking, that man is ever before me —always pitshing me, too, down into what seems notj only ruin and; defeat, but a yawning grave. - Every day- forces on me the belief that' he is at the bottom of all our failures, • I tell you if this goes on any longer I will kill him—openly; straightfor ward—though I should dance on nothing ten minutes- after. It's coming to it—I feel it's coming to it—it must be he or I!" "S—s—sh! hold your prating chat or the owls will wake,"' whispered Congo, looking nervously around. " What's the good of shouting about it ? As for me, I am dpne with such risky games—after Penbank escaping such a well-laid" scheme, I wouldn't try it, unless I was tired of life." "I shall not ask you,".sharply returned the Ruffian; " I wouldn't have him killed, by any hand but my own though it were to put a fortune at my feet." Congo whistled; softly and unconcernedly to himself, and allowed his eye to travel up the ivy-coyered wall in a business-like survey.; " Well, how's it to be: done ?" he asked, after taking every point of vantage. " We needn't both go up, either ; shall it be you or I?" ' " I am no climber," said the Ruffian, with commendable modesty and caution. "You had better make the first ascent; and if your report is unsatisfactory I may go up after you." "How, then? — by the ivy? — the branches are thick enough, and my head ain't easy turned." . "I have thought of that," quietly re turned the Ruffian. "No, the ivy is.too close, and the window, you must remember, has neither shutters nor blind inside. The man might look up at any moment, see your face, give the alarm, and effectually spoil our game for to-morrow night. At present you only need to see into the room. Now, the -window is an uncommonly large one, and diiectlyin aline with thistree. Get up by the tree, then—see what you can, and .to-morrow .night we pan both go up by the ivy; or you can go up and fix the rope for me, after-giving him one for his nob if; he howls." ! | Congo was a man of action, not wordsj 'and without a single objection he r spat on his hands, and was about to climb up the; tree with the speed and agility of a monkey, when a sudden warning "Hist!" from the Ruffian made him pause and look up at the window, which he now saw gave out a dimmer:glow of light. - : ! " Quick! up with you—he is going, to douse the glym and get to bed—it's your only chance to see the inside," cried the Ruffian, and in a moment Congo was speed ing upwards from branch to branch till he was far up and directly opposite the win-, dow, with the clear moon shining at his back, and sending,the shadow of both him. and the branch to which he clung clearly and distinctly into the room. Just as he reached his elevated perch the light was extinguished, and he saw a white form— which he took for that of Mr. Abbot in his "night-dress—flit away out, of sight towards the antique bedstead, which he could just discern and no more, at, the end of the. room. \ A curse of disappointment rose from the . throat of the thief as he saw. almost his only chance of a good look into the place thus lost; and then, just as he was about to clamber down and report matters, he no ticed for the first time the clearness of the moonlight, and the fact that it was illumi nating to a considerable extent the back of the room he wished to examine. He swung himself forward; clinging to the branch by one leg [and arm . alone, and, peering forward to make the most of the dim light, and then for the first time saw distinctly against the wall inside a grotesque reflec tion of himself hangingj as it were, in mid air. He noticed that much and no more. He had no time to note the peculiar effect of the shadow thrown by the fur cap on his head, with the flaps transformed into diabolical ears or horns, and the whole figure magni fied and elongated, for just as he made the discovery a piercing yell or scream from within the room in the direction of the bed burst upon his ears, and sent him flying downwards and across the park, followed by the Ruffian, at a speed ten times greater than that with which he had ascended. Mr. Abbot, peacefully rising from his knees by the bedside after saying prayers, according to custom, had been chilled to the heart by seeing, clear and distinct against the wall, the dreaded wraith 01* shadowy appearance that was to follow the dark omen! One glance he gave, saw the outstretched arm, conical head, impish ears, and general in fernal outline, and then with a scream of terror loud enough to have raised the dead from the churchyard near by, he had [flung up his arms and dropped senseless on the floor. ' "Curses on you! what did you come tumbling down again for ?" hoarsely cried the Ruffian, as with many a scared, back ward glance he followed his companion into the shelter of the trees. " And what was the howl for ? You haven't gone and spoiled the lay by letting him see you ?" ! " No, he couldn't have seen me," breath lessly returned Congo, "for he was over ibv the bed, where I couldn't see him, as it stands close to the front wall; but he may have seen my shadow on the opposite wall. The moon was at my back, and I just noticed the shadow myself when he piped jout," and "I had ho time to think, but just [scrambled down. I didn't want the lead an me that 1 spoke of." ' " You're always a coward," ill-naturedly answered the Ruffian, who, [however, had run the fastest of the two. \ "No, I ain't," retorted Congo, with won derful good temper. " I ani always to the front, so I can't be a coward. What's to he done now?" " Wait and see if any further alarm is •raised," sullrily answered his leader. "He 'may. have taken the shadow for a ghost, and so the accident may help lis rather •than hinder us to-morrow night.. If he Suspects thieves there will soon be a row, [but not too soon for us to escape." ; However chary the Ruffian might he [about risking his own skin, his ill- directed Intelligence always came out far to the [front with his associates, and in the present •instance the soundness, of his surmise was i soon apparent. No alarm was given, no bell was rung, no dancing lights flitted to and fro or flashed from the dark windows, I not a sound was . heard in house 01* park ' calculated to alarm the, thieves or send I them flying over the wall and across the | country. The pale moon shone on, the ! white clouds flitted lazily across the sky, ; and, after waiting and watching for nearly ' half-an-hour, the Ruffian gave tlm order for ; the homeward, journey, and the place was vacated. . What the two thought, or said ■ when they reached- the " Haunted House " : and missed a valuable bundle of their tools ' from the kitchen, I_cannot tell, for, when ; Congo came to unburden his mind to me, I i was too anxious • about matters more im~ • portant to enquire; hut I sincerely trust ; that the. two, ill-tempered as they probably j were, quarrelled and fought over it till ; they were tired. Dog-in-a-manger life is : not the rarest thing in the world with pro !; fessional criminals.. jj Meanwhile Mr. Abbot slowly recovered i his senses, and gradually recalled the dread I ful circumstances; preceding his fall. The i thought was not reassuring; in a word, the | poor gentleman now considered his fate | sealed. Looking fearfully up from the i carpet on which he had found himself j stretched he could still see the broad square j of moonlight on. the wall—the clear-cut [shadow of the leafless tree down to the j slenderest twig—but the dreadf ul wraith or ! shadowy form was gone. He had managed I to crawl into bed somehow, but when he ! was called in the morning, he was so de | jected and ill-looking that the butler took j upon.himself to send for one of Mr. Abbot's j own friends, who happened to be a medical 'man, This gentleman very speedily ascer • tained that his friend's trouble lay not in j his body but in his mind; and, after draw j ing out. of him with difficulty a minute ; account of the whole affair, and trying' in vain to laugh him out of his notion, he at ; last induced him to take a seat in his ; carriage and drive in to see me. When they 'were shown in, I recognised the medical [man at a glance as one who had consulted 'me before in more cases than one; but it [was the bloodless and unhappy countenance of his companion, Mr, Abbot himself, that [chiefly attracted my. notice and excited my •sympathy. Almost their .first words, 'coming as they did so soon after my last jnight's work, made me start up in surprise. ; " A strange ghostly omen !" I echoed, in ■wonderment'. " Dear me, is the . whole world running on ghosts just now P I was jwatching for one no later than last night." • " And did you catch him 1" smilingly put in the doctor. i " I did—a poor old man, walking and talking in his sleep, and frightening an old lady nearly into her grave." ' i " Ah! but this is not a person," sadly put in Mr. Abbot. " It is only an omen and a jsbadow.. I scarcely think that, with all jyour skill, you can do anything in captur ing these." "Not the omen certainly," I laughingly returned; <£nor the shadow either; but f&adows; you fesew, are generally cast by some opaque body, and such a body, being tangible, might be laid hands on." ' "■ " Never, I fear, to be of any service to. me," sighed Mr. Abbot. " When the wraith appears again to-night it will only, be as a signal for my death." " What! is it really so serious as that.?" I echoed, in grayer tones. u Has,the thing really taken such a hold upon your mind that you expect death through its means ? This is worse than the last case. You may give ms the facts^butrl very much fear that the case will prove one more for the skill of the doctor than that of a mere hunter of . thieves." # Mr. Abbot eagerly began his narrative, assisted by the doctor, and occassionally in terrupted by me; and when it was finished I am bound to say I was more inclined to laugh than look grave. When he men ■ tioned the odd striking of the clock, I, of course,, suggested that he ought at once to have called ia a skilled clockmaker to put ' it to rights; but, being answered only by a pitying smile, I waited patiently till he reached the description of the shadow on the wall, when 1 very promptly suggested that some one might have climbed the tree, and then been reflected along with its branches inside. This appeared to be quite a fresh view of the case to the afflicted gentleman; but it still appeared to afford him small consolation, till I took the liberty of enquiring his age, when I in stantly returned— • "Well, even according to your own account, it should be the youngest man in the house that will perish. I will be the youngest—let me come out and watch along with you and bear all the risk of danger from the blighting shadow." To this proposal Mr. Abbot, though not sure that the omen could be shifted off his shoulders on to my own, joyfully assented; and then the opportunity was so tempting that I could not forbear making an irre verent remark, which drew upon the affiicted man's melancholy countenance the first flicker of a smile, i " Suppose," I gravely suggested—" sup pose there should be no moon to-night, what will the shadow do for a light to set it off ? It would need to put on a new form or appearance — white, p'r'aps— wouldn't it ?" | There was no answer to this, 'except a hearty chuckle from the doctor, who ap peared to enjoy my mode of putting aside everything weird and mystical, and allow ing the small substratum of bare facts to stand forth—a course, I am convinced, that, if more generally adopted, would prove fatal to the cleverest or most poetical ghost that ever walked. ! This ended our interview; and Mr. Abbot, if not absolutely relieved of dread, departed at least a shade more hopeful than when he arrived. i About six o'clock I walked leisurely out to Bower House, and then was forced to sit down to. a second dinner by Mr. Abbot and bis friend tbe doctor, wbo was still in Attendance and now desired to sbare our strange Vigil. The evening passed very pleasantly and swiftly, and then about half [an hour before midnight we took our way jthrough long, cool passages and curious Crooked stairs to the haunted wing occu pied by Mr. Abbot and his chief treasures. : I examined the great apartment and its icontents curiously and minutely,, though' the idea of being intruded upon by thieves, !l honestly confess, never once crossed my jmind—even when the three safes were thrown open to our view, showing shelf [upon shelf covered with costly articles •that would have made a burglar's teeth jwater with envy. Outside, the calm 'beauty of the scene was something to be Iremembered. Close to the park was the | little village churchyard, throwing a long ,'spiky shadow athwart the graveyard and [the smooth field beyond. Further down ithe slope was a broad burn, flashing like ' liquid silver in the moonlight; and beyond ! that, behind a long mass of shadow cast ! by one of the fleeting clouds, twinkled the_ | yellow lights of the city in clusters of J thousands. In gazing upon the scene and j pointing, out its beauties, a holy.- calm or [hush fell upon us instinctively, and the strange object of our meeting had almost faded from our memories, when the clock above: began to toll out the hour. We [listened breathlessly, but I only managed to count seventeen strokes, and was again advising Mr. Abbot to consult a clock maker, when the doctor suggested that now was the time, if any, to try the effect of the moon in bringing out the shadow, and, at once acting upon the hint, we ex tinguished the lamp and sat down in the dark, close to the bed to watch and wait. But it was a mere waste of time. We saw the great square of light thrown by the moon athwart the wall—we even could follow every tracing of the shadow of the tree outside—but no spectral shadow appeared. This w;ent on for nearly half an hour, neither of us uttering a sound above our breath, when I started and looked to the window. " What's outside ?" I sharply whispered. • Mr. Abbot stared at the question, and at i last stammered— " Nothing. What do you mean ?" " I mean is there no stair or anything j leading up outside, for I certainly hear a ! sound like something ascending. S—3—sh! jdo you hear/that ?" i They did hear something now—a rus itling and tugging among the thick ivy jbelow the window—a sound which might ihave been mistaken for owls or night Ihawks, had it not been accompanied by a [scraping sound, as of a man with thick Iboots, gradually rising towards us outside 'the wall. An hysterical quivering at this 'moment seized Mr. Abbot, and to prevent him from falling we had to support him 'bodily in our arms, and while bending for [ward to do this, my eye fell on the moonlit [wall, and caught for the first time the dark shadow of a human head and shoulders. Instantly looking towards the window, [and grappling both my companions like a vice to prevent them giving an alarm, I saw slowly rising into view a fur-capped head and" shoulders—a veritable living man—uncommonly like a burglar or cracks man in appearance, and grasping firmly in his teeth a pistol, which 1 had not the slightest doubt was both loaded and cocked. The man was evidently neither a coward, nor light-headed; for he now hung nearly forty feet from the ground by one hand, and" the uncertain footing among the ivy stems, while with the other he metho dically proceeded to prize up the. window, after carefully peering in to ascertain that the coast was cleat. The window rose ■ about three inches, then his hand came through, and grasped the inside of tbq Sxll__tiien the other .hand followed- —and. then with a sudden jerk, he threw up the -window, and was about to .scramble into the room, when, as by one impulse, we all three sprang forward into the moonlight tbwards him. j There was an instantaneous yell of terror and alarm from the intruder—the sudden flashing of three white and concerned faces into the moonlight was too much for him —his hands were thrown up in sudden flight, and before the great cry had echoed from his throat, he went toppling back wards in the air, and vanished like a dark cloud. The moment after there was a cry. of horror from below, and then, springing to the open window, we saw the dark body of a man prostrate upon the ground, and stooping over it in horror and concern!' another who had evidently been in waitings below. A sudden sharp shout broke from us—the., white face of the Ruffian was turned up in alarm—perfectly distinct and recognisable in its every feature, to me, and then with the swiftness of lightning h& sprang to his feet, left the senseless Congo to his fate, dashed across the park, and disappeared. To get down to the wounded man required some time, as the only en trance to the wing was by the house itself; but as quick as feet could carry us we tra versed the stairs and corridors, and found ourselves racing through the cool air.towards the form of the burglar. At first I thought he was dead, but the moment I tried to raise him he uttered a groan, and as he did so I recognised, the yellow face of the quadroon, Jem Congo. A bundle of cracks-' man's tools and a coil of rope on the ground beside him sufficiently explained the object of his visit. As quickly as possible help was obtained from the house and lodge, and a conveyance got ready, in which the senseless man was. placed and driven to the Infirmary at iLdinfiurgfi, where he waa at once attended to and nursed to the beat of their ability. But in spite of every care he sank steadily, and after putting me in fiossession of the facts concerning many of lie Ruffian's schemes and projects, with the full account of their curious lodging in the" Haunted House," Jem Congo breathed his last and duly tenanted a pauper's grave. I " The most annoying event that ever ruffled my temper," remarked Simon Pen bank, in - allusion to the demise of his foe. 111 had intended to exercise my genius in hunting him down; and, behold, the scoun drel goes and dies just when things are looking most promising—the world is full of injustice." j As for the Ruffian, he was now hotly bunted for. Unearthed from the kennel at the Haunted House, afraid to venture into the city for fear of betrayal by any Acquaintances of Congo, and equally afraid to travel to another city in case of capture on the way, this villain • now began to fairly realise the terrors of crime, and mostly spent his nights and days about the fl Whinny Hill," in the Queen's Park, never pertain of a meal or a day's liberty. He jwas now like a wild beast—neglected,, hated, and hounded- from every - society, even that of the vilest and lowest; and. just as a wild beast will cease to cringe, and turn at bay to rend- his pursuers,-the Ruf fian, who like most criminals was wofully 'superstitious, at last concluded that while 'Mclndoe lived his star of good luck would remain under a cloud. At the reformed thief, therefore, he resolved, to strike a last and final blow; and what came of the. ^resolution I will presently try to show. (To be continued.) 