^ m & m m t * . THEATRE ROYAL. ' There was a good house at the ThBa'ire" Boyal on Friday night, December 27, ^ to witness a -double "event—the repetition iof u Uncle Tom's Cabin" .and a presentation"' Ito Mr. John Conway, the ; ;manager. of' the .. Australian' Eleven. The pl&y-met; with-its , usual success, and the performers made several good hits. Intheinterfalbetweeii thethiidand . fourth acts the curtain rose upon a grpup consisting of Mr. John Opnway, Dr^Peel,'and Mr. jbazar, ' behind whom, upon a 'table, atood a handsome : emu-egg cigar casket mounted' with- silver,-sup- ' ported on either side by well-executed figuies of . aboriginals, and surmounted by threfe cricket * bats tripod fashion, topped by a ball, and surrounded by stumps'and nails. - ' Dr. PBEL said he had been' requested' to perform a very t pleasant- duty, for * Mr. Allison, who was in another' colony'' ngaged upon theatrical business, 'fie' 1 ad been. deEired- on Mr. Allison's; ehalf to present to Mr. Conway aV tettimonisl as. a token, of the esteemv'in - hich he was held < and. - as 1 ' a. memepto ' f his success as manager of the Australian ^ leven, who had made so-brilUant a tour ; of$he * id country and .America. ; (Gheersi). The ' xploits of that team were in. the minds of every one, and much of • their success «nd ; the a igh estimation, in which they were- held was ] ue to* Mr. Conway's tact - and gentlemanly ' onduct.' They had made their-man in the bid. ' ountry not only as cricketers but as gentlemen. . r. Allison thought that something, should be . one to mark our estimation, of' tho ^ mn-.inence of the team, and his original ]inten- ~ ion was to present each member with asouvenir; \ ut it was the wish of the Eleven that the'tesli- imonials should be concentrated into one presentation to Mr. Conway; hence the present .action. He (Dr. Peel) bad known Mr. Conway for tL' long time as a thorough gentleman, and he and '. the team had' done all they possibly could . uphold the dignity and' character of He was glad, to see that our' men were TnaVing as good a stand'against the Eleven as any team could against- any eleven— (cheers)—and he had no doubt that the issue of the present trial of skill and science would reflect credit upon both sides. The testimonial was then, handed: to Mr. Conway amidst continued cheers. Mr. CONWAY said he had often before responded on behalf of the Eleven, but- it was generally after dinner; bat now the footlights, being a new sensation, somewhat bothered him, especially as he saw so many strange but kindly faces and heard so many flattering remarks tbat he did not deserve. (Hear.). HB could only express his deepest thanks for the handsome present made him. In reference to the grand ' triumphal trip of the Australian. Eleven and their almost as triumphant return he might remark that the first mention of the idea was made in Adelaide by the South Australian Register and the Advertiser,, and therefore Adelaide had a very close connection with the Eleven. (Cheers.) The team had received the greatest assistance and encouragement from the public. Whatever success he had met with ~ in his management of the team he had been cordially assisted by the captain, Mr. Gregory, and every . member of the Eleven. (Cheers.) Whatever might be the outcome of any future exodus of colonial cricketers to England he could only wish them as much success and as kind treatment as the Australian Eleven bad met ^with. (Hear, hear.) They were most cordially received everywhere. In New South Wales they were received with open arms; in Melbourne a great amount of enthusiasm was got up on their behalf; and in Adelaide they had been treated with equal heartiness. In the old country the first who embraced them were Australians, and one of their most zealous friends and supporters was Mr. Caleb Peacock. (Cheers.) He was expressing the sentiments of the Australian Eleven when he spoke thus of their treatment; and as for the present contest, if they were beaten they would have the satisfaction of being beaten by Australians. (Applause.) The presentation was as one from one successful manager to another. Mr. Allison was a most successful manager of the most beautiful little theatre in the colonies, and he was, he thought, supposed to be a successful manager of the Australian Eleven; but he did not arrogate to himself the credit, as had it not been for the gentlemanly conduct and pluck of the team and captain thatsucceas would not have been won. (Cheers.) ?~After the presentation there were loud cries for Mr. Gregory, and cheers were given for the Eleven. The testimonial bore inscribed on its face, "Presented by Mr. Jas. Allison, Lessee of the Theatre Boyal, Adelaide, to Mr. John Conway, Promoter and Manager of the Australian Eleven. December 27,1878." GLBNELQ AMKUAI. BHGATTA.—The sports to take place at Glenelg on Monday, December 30, in commemoration of the forty-second anniversary of the colony's foundation should prove a great attraction and ensure success if th& efforts of the energetio Committee for the last, month or so meet with their deserts. Every endeavour has been made to get up a good programme, and the patriotic promoters of the movement have succeeded in providing a programme sufficiently varied tobe interesting and comprising contests of an exciting nature. There is one yacht race, two sailing open-boat races, four rowing matches, three dude hunts, and other aquatio amusements. Provision has been made for enabling the public to obtain a view of the various events, and should the weather be a* favourable as it was on Christmas Day the demonstration will be very agreeable. FXJOBB BABBIE'SELKVSN :IRMELBOUBWR.— the . natch between Lord Harris's Eleven and Fifteen of Victoria the first innings ef the latter cltteed for. 313. The Englishmen have 8 wickets down for.304, of which .Lucas made 90 and Boyle. 78. POBT RBOITTA.—We understand that there is to bea strong master of ketches to take part in the regatta at the Semaphore on the 30th inst. The coarse is a grand one and has been so defined that visitors will be able to enjoy the wbole ; race from start to finish, and-if the day should. only prove favourable there is bound to be some emulation amongst the racers. Tm ARSTEAUAN KLBVEN.—Mr. O. H. Manning seems determined that some remembrance shall remain with us of all the cricketing celebrities that visit the colony. He has now issued at his establishment cabinet portraits of the Australian Eleven, including Mr. John Conway, the. indefatigable manager of the team. We have to acknowledge copies. TBH Come PAPHBS.—Both the Adelaide Punch, and the Tortonian are this week illustrated with portraits of the far-famed Australian Eleven and Mr. J. Conway. The letter* press oVPvjnch is this week principally devoted to a sketch entitled "Mr. Punch's Picnic," peculiarly-suited to the present season of the year. A comic yln""""* also fr™ a noticeable and at the - same time useful .part of the present number. THB MOTF CBICKRT CMB.—The following is the team chosen to play the Edithburgh Club on Monday,December 30:—James, Monz, Stick, Mfirynppi.il, Counsel, Clark, Drnmmtmd, Jones, Butler, .Dexter, and Hines (captain). The visiting team wiUlearejGlenelg by the steamer james Cemrie after the arrival of the first train on Monday morning. 1 GXJVBB GOLDSMITH.—The Rev. Charles Clar delivered bis lecture on "Oliver Goldsmith" before a large assemblage in tbe Town Hall on Friday evening. The lectnier began by giving a description-of Goldsmith's father, quoting largely bom Goldsmith^ own portrayals of the village preacher ".passing rich on forty pounds .a year," whose .-only fault was his unbounded .generosity and good • nature— traits which were fully inherited by the son. He then dwelt -shortly upon Noll's early schooldays with Paddy Burke, an old quartermaster, who jrofeesea only to teach reading, writing, .and arithmetic^ but who bad ah Inexhaustible fund of. stories about ghosts, .fairies, and banshees, lazy good-natured diverbeinp only too delighted to lounge the boon by listeniqg to these tales, in Jane, 1745, .Goldsmith was admitted into Trinity College, Dublin, as.a sizar, a not at all enviable position/having tojperform many menial duties, but a* position wiuph bad been filled by many distinguished men before him. Goldsmith lived a-very wretcbed life at College, being ever .inwant aad-evorsutg ected to the brutal treat- ment uf ibis tufceny which culminated in his knocking Oliver down for giving a ball in bis room to-some ladies and gentlemen of rather questionable character. He that left the College aadreeolved to,go to America, but after apemfing-acveral days in the .fields lie returned home to Us mother. A xeconcQiation was effected ly ilds welder brother with the College authorities and Goldsmith seturaed once more to &infty;, «here he secured a B A. degree. His frieafls now thought ofja profession for him, and *be Church was tried, but Goldsmith shocked fbe$£sbop iqr.going.before him in a pair of acadet breeches. The law waa then tried, £50 being advanced by a kinsman, but Oliver gambled that sway the first, night he spent in Dublin. He $ben returned to bis friends, who sent him to Edinburgh to study/medicine, from whence, after a stay of eighteen -months be went to Leydon. Here lie was' put .to .severe straits* and not receiving aranuttaace -from a relative set out on foot to .nuke a tour through Europe, his only means- of -suhsistenoe being by flute- playing, which .playing -the lecturer. likenecl to that of Sick Siwiveller, so .humorously . described' by Dioke&a.; From Switzerland Goldsmith sent the first part of " The Traveller" to Ids brother. He afterwards went to Padua, where he took his degree,-and tfaen bearing of the 'death of his uncle he made his way to Dover. He then went through .more vicissitudes, bis indomitable knack of hoping carrying him through all difficulties, .and at length he took to writing in a sort of haphazard way for magazines. By this means -be gained a livelihood for some time until bis genius brought him under the notice of the" most eminent -literary men of the time. He became acquainted with Johnson, and formed a friendship with him that lasted through life. About. -this time he . published that exquisite .poem " The Traveller," which at once raised him to the rank of the English classic writers, and shortly afterwards, sold his beautiful work, "The Vicar of Wakefield," to pay a debt.^ Mr. CIark then proceeded to recite, the description of 'the family of the vicar as given by Dr. Primrose himself, bringing out vividly all the quaint humour that is to be found in that most charming opening chapter. The lecturer gave an account of Goldsmith's London life, of his gay apparel, and of bis frolics with Sir Joshua Reynolds, then passing on to describe in touching language the death of the gifted man. In a most brilliant peroration the lecturer referred to Goldsmith's many virtues, his boundless good-nature and hopefulness, and bis wonderful genius^ pointing out that while his bearers .might imitate Goldsmith's many excellences yet they should avoid living a life devoid of any fixed purpose. This evening Mr. Clark will deliver bis charming lecture on the "Tower of London," that tragic tomb of so many -of -the great and gifted ones that have ademed the history of our country, which is to be concluded with a peroration entitled " Our Modern liberties." SEKAPHOBE KETCH RACES.—A meeting of persons interested in a letch race was held at Say-era' Port Hotel, on Thursday night, December 26\. Mr. R. Honey presided, and there was a large attendance. The meeting had been called in consequence «f tbe announcement that a ketch race would not take place at Glenelg on December 30. Twelve ketches were named as likely to compete, and it being certain that six would enter it was decided to bold a race at the Semaphore on that day. Prises of £20 and £10, the third craft saving its entrance fee, were to be given; and the course was decided upon, the distance being over twenty miles. Captain Quin, the Harbour- Master, will be requested to act as Starter, and Captains Legoe and Begg as Judges. One minute time allowed for every ten tons. From the feeling displayed at the meeting there seems every probability that the effort will prove successful. The race will be the more interesting since working canvas will be the only sail allowed, thus proving tbe everyday merits of tbe crafts. ESTKETAINJTEKT AT POET ADELAIDE.—The Wheeler Family were greeted with another large attendance at the Port Town Hall on Friday sight, December 27. The fact that three persons with the aid of an American organ can by singing sod impersonation night after night successfully entertain such large audiences speaks much in their favour. Mr. and Mrs. "Wheeler with Frank Wheeler provided an excellent programme on Friday nignt, including three laughable sketches—Barney's Courtship, Interchange trf Civilities, and Haunted House. This afternoon there will be a matinee for children, and in the evening the company will appear for the last time previous to visiting the South. They intend returning to Adelaide, however, about January 18 next. THE U.S. MINSTRELS. — There was again a large attendance at White's Boom on Friday night, when there rwas another change of performance. It need hardly be mentioned that the sable entertainers fully maintained their X'putatiun and gave unmixed satisfaction to their numerous auditory. The proceedings concluded with tbe amusing sketch " He would be an actor. 1 ' In A GOVGBBVATOBS CowcEBT. — The Metropolitan laedertafel of Melbourne appear to have supplied a desideratum which has longbeen felt in tbe oolonles—a summer concert. \- Speaking of an -entertainment of this deserip- ! tion given in the Town Hall on the 18th instant, the musical critic of the Australasian iays :— "You sat in a large conservatory, among fountains andflowers and ferns, and statues of Greek and modern mould, and listened ^to suoh music as made you imagine you were in some ' world where there is no worry and no weariness, and where you could for ever wander through cool glades, or recline upon grassy slopes, and hearken to the plash of clear water and the music of happy birds, and drink in tbe pure air laden with the scent of a thousand flowers." Nor is this Victorian Paradise without its Peri; for further on the enthusiastic critic describes the singing of Miss Christian as " that singularly poetical performance in which a voice pure as that ef an angel at daybreak in the garden of Eden poured, like violet vapour upon your senses, out of a larger cloud of soft sounds, and lulled you into a half-dream of indefinable contentment," The writer concludes by expressing his belief that " if we bad these conservatory concerts more often we should be less gross, leas earthy, perhaps less envious and detracting than we are." If so would it not be a good thing to get up a series of "conservatory concerts" in {Adelaide ? PBSSHXTATIOM TO MB. COITWAT.—During tbe performance of " Uncle Tom's Cabin" at the Theatre Boyal on Friday night, December 27, a presentation of a beautiful emu-egg cigar casket handsomely mounted with silver was made on behalf of Mr. James Allison to Mr. John Conway, the promoter and manager of the Australian Eleven. Dr. Peel handed over the testimonial, and Mr. Conway was repeatedly cheered during his speech, in which be made reference to the reception the Eleven met with in England, America, and the Colonies. There was a good bouse. k : POBT Boworo CLUB,—A well-attended meeting of the Port Bowing Club was held at tbe Ship Inn, Port Adelaide, on Friday night, December 27. Mr. J. Playfair, the captain, presided. The Chairman stated that he had conversed with Mr. W.F. Clarke as to the objection to enter for the All-comers or Champion Race at the Port Begatta, and that gentleman suggested that the difficulty might be overcome by adding to the word "prize" the words "or value'of.- The Treasurer of the club (Mr. - R. Honey) as Secretary of the Begatta promised to do that It was then resolved to rescind the farmer decision sot to enter for these races, and to inform the Adelaide Club of the altered determination. The races were chosen which should be contested by the dab. WHHBLBR EHTKBTAIKHHHT AT POBT AD»- LATDB.—There was a large attendance at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Thursday, Dec. 25, when the Wheeler Company; again presented their interesting and amusing entertainment— (me of the best of its class. The musical selections \- which varied the programme were exoellfently given. The company, however, were strongest in their farces, particularly in tbe "Walking Photograph," in which Mr. Frank Wheeler, as the coloured servant, was irresistibly comic. The programme will be changed to-night. ATOOBSIOH OF SCHOOL SOYS TO THB OVAL.— To-day schoolboys will be admitted to the Oval at tbe charge of 6d. each. 