CHINA AND CENTRAL ASIA. The scourge of famine which has deso lated the provinces of North China ha*» of late fixed attention particularly on tue scene of this stupendous calamity. The starving millions whose succour has been the charitable concern of Christians all over the world were, however, so un happily situated that even the most pro fuse and prompt benevolence inevitably failed to assuage more than a fraction of the widespread misery suddenly produced by the tremendous infliction. For tins unfortunate state of tliing3 the Chinese Government is undoubtedly highly blame worthy. It could not certainly have averted the appalling disaster which has swept away so many thousands of the teeming population of China, but by the adoption of eome useful modern ideas it would have been better able to cope with the gigantic distress. Food in abundance was contributed for the relief of the stricken sufferers, yet thousands upon thousands died before it could reach them. With few roads and no railways the transport of supplies was exceedingly slow when not quite impossible. This neglect of means of communication went far to paralyze the opera tions of the benevolent, and for this shameful obstruction the Chinese authorities are alone responsible. Had they years ago emulated the enterprise of the Japanese this grave charge would not to-day lie at their door. But notwith standing the obvious advances of alter ing a system which retards their own progress they obstinately adhere to ex clusive and obsolete views, which in this instance at all events are extremely per nicious. It may be, however, that the woful lesson they have just received will induce them to depart in one direction at least from the strict line of ancient pre judice, or possibly they may be to some extent compelled to take this new depar ture by the aggrieved voice of a people now becoming more alive to its own im portance. The mandarins cannot be ignorant of the slow bnt sure change which is coming over the lower classes of China, whose progressive tendencies are encouraged by intercourse with western nations. Nor are they unaware of the st;U more significant fact that the Flowery Land has its secret societies, whose designs do Hot spare even the celestial occupant of the Dragon Throne. Still, despite these disturbing symptorr-s, it would be too much to expect the ruling class in China to throw aside at once its rooted policy of inaction in domestic aflairs. Probably the Government will continue as -usual to mark time rather than anticipate by statesman like action the revulsion of popular feeling which sooner or later will imperil many of the traditional interests of the empire. Nevertheless, a Bhow of solicitude in the condition of the nation has been given by the issue of orders to have the adminis tration of the country overhauled, ' with the view of detecting in what respecis Heaven is offended and why such a dire punishment is meted out to poor China.' What is more to the purpose is that the expenses of governing, beginning with the ways and means^of the Court ik,e1c, are to be cut down, and tho proceeds of the reduction devoted to the alleviation of the famishing millions. If this leads to the exercke of careful and regular economy China will profit largely in one way from the teaching of terrible experience. But if hitherto supremely indifferent to the necessity of internal reforms, the Government of China is not averse from the display of activity in foreign affaire. We do not mean by this that it eagerly helps on the movement which carries so many adventurers away to other lands, and imposes on distant countries vast numbers of its surplus population while it strives hard to exclude traders and others belonging to thoBe very countries. As this has been the consistent policy o* China for untold generations the con tinuance of it can occasion no surprise similar to that which is awakened by the news of the complete reconquest of Kashgar. Following on the forcible annexation of Yunnan, the faH of this other Mohammedan State into the hands of the Chinese is of great significance. The kingdom which Yakoob Khan laboured energetically to create has not long survived him. After a campaign lasting over three years the patience and persistency of the Mongolians have been rewarded by a triumph which materially extends their power in Central Asia. There is now a Chinese army of nearly 12,000 men occupying Kashgar, and although the commander has assured the Russian merchants in that territoiy that they have nothing to fear from the presence of his soldiers, their proximity naturally intensifies the uneasiness which was felt when multitudes of fugitives fled for protection to the Russian outposts at the approach of the \Ictoriou3 army which had overrun their country and was slaving all the inhabitants without regard to sex or age. Not only the rebel Tun gans, but tbe Mohammedans as well were in some districts almost annihilated. The Tungans were first crushed, and then the Chinese encountered the Ameer of Kaih gar on his frontier and fatally defeated him. Pressing forward, the Chinese, in fulfilment of a carefully arranged plan, successively vanquished the enemy at Turfan and Toksom, and thereafter at Korla, Karashar, and Kucha, which places they occupied. Regarding the, last of these movements it has been observed that the General displayed great capacity and his troops wonderful endurance and deter mination. ' In twenty days the] Chinese had marched 400 miles through a desert like country, had taken three cities, and had fought and won a pitched battle. After this the series of combined move ments by which Tso Tsung Tang and his lieutenant compelled the surrender of Aksu and then proceeded to capture Kashgar, Yarkand, Khotan, and the other cities of this portion of Turkestan, remark able as they may be'from a military point of view, seem comparatively trifling. By the end of last year the whole of the territory which Tso had Bet out to recover for his imperial master had been com pletely overrun, and the army which had been collected at the capital of Kansuh in tine summer of 1875 wintered in the capital of Kaahgar in 1877, having thoroughly subdued all the intervening country.' It is remarked that all this might have been done in a shorter space of time by a European army, but it is manifest that it could not have been done wish fewer sacrifices or a more careful avfidance of unnecessary risks. Tho Chinese will no doubt pride themselves on results which are due alike to able generalship and the intrepidity of rank and file. Moreover, it is not at all im probable that they will be en couraged by this success to attempt fresh achievements 'in olher re gions -when they are ready to enforco their claim to authority. The Russians, it is stated, fear that in the course of another war the Chinese may ceek to regain the district of Kuldja, and in that case hostilities between these two nations could not be prevented. The vigour shown by tho Chinese during this fighting in East Turkestan may well give rise to the belief that if their soldiers armed with superior weapons and in considerable bodies were to be employed in Central Asia in asserting what are con ceived to be the rights of tho Emperor wars great and small would soon lead to incessant trouble in that quarter. Russia and England would not then divido between them the chief interest which attaches to Central Asian politics, for iheir yellow rival would have become too important to be overlooked. What the upshot of the conquest of Kashgar may bo n its relation to these European Powers can hardly as yet be divined ; but that a new element deserving of serious attention has forced itself into Asiatic aflairs is mani fest enough. ' The idea of an aggressive China has hitherto teemed so strange that we have (writes the Pall Mall Gazdti) never even considered how such a Power Bright affect ourselves. This immense population, though decimated by internal strife and famine, still remains probably a coherent body of 300,000,000 people. That the successful invasion of Kashgar should recall this fact to our memory is itself^ useful. So much the more should wov bear in mind that in Nepaul, to say nothing of Burmah, there are Chinese claims which might be put forward at any moment' For this reason it is prgued that British influence ought now more than ever to be based upon friend ship and mutual advantage. England, in short, cannot afford to give needless offence to a Power which may any day render her position in Central Asia still more unsatisfactory than it is in the face of the stcudy euchroachments of Russia. Besides, ' he would be a bold man who should venture to predict the futuro of China ; but one thing seems certain— that in spite of famines and misgovernment, her people 'ftlll play a much more im portant pait in the history of the Eastern world in time to come than they have of late years, and for this it behoves us, ai the country most nearly concerned, to bo prepared.' This advice apart, it is evident that the direction of Chinese progress is outwards and that this distinct departure is a noteworthy feature of tho rrarch of events in the East Eueopean Mail Arrangements. — We publish in another column some particu lars as to the European mail arrange ments which will bo peculiarly inte resting at the present juncture It is evident from the information therein given and also from the English telegram which we publish this morning that the Imperial Government aro in disposed to continue the terms upon which they have heretofore borne a large proportion of tho cost of carrying tho colonial mails. If this {intention is per sisted in its effect will be to add materially to the cost of our postal service. The whole question, however, is likely to bo discussed shortly at a Conference in Melbourne, when it is to be hoped that satisfactory arrangements may bo made and that some definite action may also be taken in regard to the continuance of the mail service when tbe present contract with the P. & O. Company terminates. The two general questions as to the future which demand attention are the expediency of providing for a regu lar fortnightly mail service which should pass by Galle and go direct on to Aden and the propriety or otherwise of joining the Berne Postal Convention. Ab to the former there can be no doubt that a fortnightly service should be in sisted on, and although there are strong grounds why India should not bo omitted from our mail route there is certainly no reason why the Australian service should be subordinated to the Indian service as at present. Ab to tho other ques tion, there are many advantages in having a uniform rate of letter postage such as tho Convention seeks to establish, and it would appear to be desirable for the colonies to join in tho Berne Convention, as by bo doing the postal arrangements would be conside rably simplified. We hope tho matter will be fully discussed when the Con frence meets in Melbourne. The Equity Court. — A case has been brought under our notice which discloses ? some peculiar facts in connection with tho administration of funds lodged in tho Supreme Court in trust for minors. In. 1804 a person died intestate, leaving land mortgaged for the sum of £500. Part of the property was sold by the mortgagees, and realized £160 more than the amount of the principal charge upon it Out of this was deducted for interest and costs ? the sum of £87 12s. 4d., and on March 9, 18G0, the balance, £72 7s. 8d., was paid into Court in trust for the deceased mortgagor's son, who was then a minor. When the hitter came of age, which event took place on January 2G of the present year, he made application for the money. After some delay he received the amount originally paid into Court, and an addi tional BUin of £15 10b. 2d., being the interest up to July 31, 187L Upon enquiry it was found that the sum could not be traced in tho books after this date, and it did pot appear that it had been invested in any way. Thus over six and a half' years' interest, -which, calculated at tho Savings Bank rate, would have amounted at a rough estimate to £20 or £25, was lost to the rightful owner of the money. The case seems to us to point to two con clusions. If, as it is Btated, the money cannot be traced through tho books kept in the Court, it is clear that the system of account-keeping is thoroughly unsound and improper, and the sooner a radical change is eflectcd the better it will be, not only for the persons entitled to the moneys deposited, but for those to whose keeping these moneys are entrusted. Then again it is manifestly unbusinesslike and unjust that a sum of money should thus be allowed to lie idlo for yean. In the present instance the amount invoked is not great, but if the principle is to be ad hered to in respect of largo trust funds hundreds of pounds may be lost and a serious wrong done to those in whose behalf the funds are given into the custody of the Court In the case of a private guardian such negligence might 'be fraught 'with serious consequences, j inasmuch as the person entitled to the money has the right upon coming of aga to sue for damages in respect of any obvious laches whereby the value of the property has been injuriously affected. It ia possible that the law affords a remedy also against the autho rities of the Court in the event of their being guilty of default or negli gence ; but however this may be it is by no mean3 creditable that sums of money lodged ?with the officers of the Court should be allowed to remain unproductive for years. The matter is one which calU for investigation, and we trust it will receive the attention of the Judges and of the Attorney-General, as it is quite within the bounds of possibility that the case to which we have alluded is not excep tional. ? - . SETTrratEST or Bouxoak? Questions. — The GcvtrciEEnt of New South 'Wales, it will be sceu by the telegrams published this morn'™ have entreated a gentleman who is possessed of the necessary scientific attainments with the important task of ascertaining and defining the boundary-line between that colony and the adjoining oae of Queensland. Possibly wben the gentleman baa completed the survey wiih which he ia now charged be might be induced to accept a similar appointment to define the boundary-lice between Queensland and South Australia. Matoe's Concerts.— The thirteenth of these popular csuceria will be held in the Tow j Hall to-night. A very attractive programme has been prepared, and Mr.M. Eowe will make bis first appearance. Baehbs.— A meeting of b?\ers will be held at the Labour League Hotd to-night. Footbau.— Matches will be held to-day be tween the Victorian* and Adelaide i ; Norwoods and South Parks ; and Kensingtons and South Adelaides. Lsqisiativb Corxcn; Elections.— Mr. Henry Scott, Mayor of Adelaide, is already ia the field as a candidate for one of the vacant seats in the Legislative Council. In his preliminary addrers Mr. Scott says he places his services at the disposal of electors 'with a desire to assist in altering the Constitution Act, so as to render members of Parliament more amenable to public opinion,' and also to effect 'an equitable adjustment of fixation.' The We3tbbn ArsnuxiAN Service. — The Otway, one of the steamers subsidized by tbe Government of Western Australia to perform the trade between that colony and South Australia, arrived on Friday night with 15 pas sengers and a general cirgo. Thh Attstbuxas Cbicketehs. — A telegram in the Melbourne Age, dated London, July 2!, states that the Australian Eleven have arranged to play matches at New York, Chicago, and San Francisco. Railway to tub Sesiaphobb. — On and after Angust 12 trains will run throngh between Ade laide and tbe Semaphore, and a new time-table will be published in neat week's Gazette. The SiirGGixKo Cash at Port Adelaide. — Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair were summoned at the Port Police Court on Friday morning,- August 2, to answer a charge in connection with the Craigendarroch whisky smuggling, but the case was adjourned for a wc;k to allow of the necessary notices bein^ given for the c°ce to be tried in the Supreme Court. Sunday LitjuoR-THiDE.— A conviction for infringing the Sunday Closing Act was obtained at the Port Adelaide Police Court on Friday, August 2. by Sergeant Sullivan against George SeCton, the proprietor of the Brunswick Pie ? Hotel. The defendant was fined the Iowe3t penalty, £5. SlKIH ArsTBAUAJt IsSCBAyCB CoSIPAW. — Tbe twenty-third ordinary general meeting of slwr.olders in this Company was held on Friday, Attjnst 2, Mr. J. O. Verco, J.P., pre siding. Very sstisfaD^Dry report's osd bilacce sbeet were presented, and a dividend of 2s. per sL'are— equivalent to 20 per cent.perannutn cm the jiaid-up capital of the Company — was declared. TLesumof £2,5C3 was added to the reserve fnml, which now amounri to £30,000. Tbe report sbewed teat in tbe loan department over £c*i.C ;0 was now invested at an average rate of 7 per cent, per annum interest. Ttib Sheaeeso Seasos.— The advanced guard tf shearers — a party of about 20 in number— were dispatched on Friday morning by Mr. W. K. Hunt, of the Labour Office, for Mr. H. B. Hughes's station at Kinchiga, on the Darling. This, the first company of the season to leave Adelaide, will he tollowed shortly by about 200 men for Mount Gipps, Wilpena, Coorona, Bim bowrie, Outalpa, Oulaina, KJnkala, Fittinit tiappa, Wongradlidnie, Franklin Harbour, and ether smaller sheds. Oriental Exhibition. — The present h announced to be the last week of the exhibition of Eastern curiosities and nicnacs now being held in the Town Hall Exchange Boom. Teh Barqcb Star Qcees.— The latest tele grams from Fremantle concerning the Stir Quten state that she is mating very little water, that a portion of the cargo baa been lightered, and that she is expcc*'^d to be floated off without much damage being done to her. Tub Edccatiow Biix— The following is a corrected statement of tbe remarks of the Minister of Education in reference to the Education Bill in the Assembly on Tuesday.— ' He moved that the consideration of the Bill iu Committee bo an Order of the Day for Thursday neit. The Government had decided to proceed ?with the present Bill, but they would ask the House to agree to clause or classes which, though not corresponding with the letter of Mr. Rees's clause, would emhody its spirit, beintt the decision arrived at by the majority of the Com mittee of the whole House, viz., to transfer all the powers and duties of the Council of Educa tion to the responsible Minister for the time being.' The Lobbthai. Tweed Factort.— On Friday, Acgust 2, Messrs. Krichauff, 3LP., and Bundey, M.P., introduced to the Treasurer (the Hon. J. P. Boucaut) a deputation from the Directors of the Lohethal Tweed Factory, consisting of Messrs. Lautertuch, Sudholz, and Tilemaun, who asked that the amount of Customs duties which they had paid on the machinery imported by them might be rebated, on the ground that the duties on such machinery had since been repealed. It was pointed out that the Company had had to contend with many dificulties ; that although they bed been, granted a bonus of £2,000 they bad in reality received only £1,756* li., the rest having gone in duties ; and that the case was an exceptional one, because the machinery which had been necessary for tfce starting of this new industry could not have been manufactured in the colony, and it wjuid be many years before the same could be pro duced here. A memorial, signed by 120 share holders and others, was presented ia favour of the request. Mr. Boucaut said Mr. Playford and himself, being shareholders in the Company, were with the Directors in spirit in their appli cation; but he regretted to tell them that it was utterly impossible he could grant it. It was contrary to law and to the whole precedent of Customs administration. The duties had been paid, and. if he made an exception in favour of the Company bemuse the law had been altered since, how could he draw a distinction between them and other persons who had imported machinery. It was quite the reverie way in whicn the Government had to deal with Customs duties. When a proposition was mide in the House for new duties they were at once levied on the goods which were in bond, and if the duties were not passed the money was retained. Mr. Bundey suggested that the £300 might be granted to the Company as a bonus, saying that if the bonus of £2.000 had not been voted them they would never have imported the machinery and the duties would not have bt-en paid. Mr. Boucaut said he could make bo pioniisp, but would try and consider the suggeatioa favourably if be coald. Wuslktax Dettsctioxs.— A. recent nna&er; cf 'h» New York Christian Advocate makes the following announcement : — u Kev. Joseph Dare, President of Victoria and Tasmaaia Conference of the AnstralssUn Methodist Church, and Hev. 'William Kelynack, of tha Wesleysn Methodist Conference of New South Wa|«, have received the degree of Doctor of Diviaity from the New Orleans University. The ?University has honoured itself by conferring this deserved honour upon two of tha the caart able, popular, and useful ministers of Auitralii.' Phoposed Dair? Faejl— A meeting of gentle men interested in tbe formation of a Company to sours a dairy farm near Adelaide for the pur jTjje of supplying the city with pure milk was beld in the Imperial Hotel on Friday afternoon, August 2. Mr. John Prince, who presided, said he felt confident that if a suitable piece of land could be obtained for the formation of a dairy farm to supply the city with pure milk such a scheme would pay well. Milk was peculiarly susceptible +o outside influences, as the testi mony of doctors proved, and it was most essen tial that means should he taken to supply it pure and fresh. Just now, as there was some agitation respecting the pure milk question, was a favourable time for starting a Company. Dr. Way had been reporting on dairies, and some curious things had come to light concerning them. He might safely say that there was noc a really good dairy farm near Adelaide ; and he did not wonder at babies dying in consequence of the fcod they were supplied with, as he con sidered pure milk necessary to their health, and the article they got in Adelaide was not always calculated to sustain infant life. It was advisable that a farm should be within easy reach of the city as milk did not travel well, and it should eLo be near the tramway line to. ensure easy and quick carriage. From his experience he knew that infant3 throve better on milk obtained from one cow than from several, and the Com pany could ensure that advantage by customers desiring it having their milk-cans numbered, the cow from which they desired the milk being slso numbered. He felt sure if this were gen- - Tally known the farm would be well supported. The very fact of milk being kept for hours in the close, ill-ventilated, and unsavoury places referred to in the recent reports was sufficient to explain the reason of its impurity. The idea was to form a small Company at first, with power to increase the capital and purchase a small eligible property, which he pointed out would, in case of the scheme collapsing, fetch a fair price in the market, and thus there would be little risk. A suitable property at Mi tcKm was in view, and it was thought that great advantage would be secured by having the direct tramway communication with the city. Jlr. W. N. Crowder moved— 'That it ia de sirable to form a Company with a capifcl of £3,500, in shares of £1 each, with power to increase, to carry on the business of a dairy farm.' Mr. Joseph Allen seconded, and tbe motion was earned unanimously. The fol lowing were appointed a Committee to draw up a prospectus, to make enquiries as to a suitable property for a farm, and to report to a fature meeting : — Messrs. W. Townsend, M.P., W. N.Crowder. G. Samson, J. Allen, C.Mallen.F, Townsend, J. Prince, and D. Deans. CONGBATCLATIONS TO THE EARL OF BhACOJCS fteij).— On Thursday morning, August 1, His Excellency the Administrator forwarded the following telegram to the Bight Hon. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, the Secretary of State for the Colonies: — 'Large representative meeting colonists Town Hall last night ; Henry Scott, Mayor of Adelaide, presiding : following resolution enthusiastically carried — 'That this meeting desires to convey its tl'inks to Earl Beaconsfield and the Imperial Government for their wise and patriotic efforts to secure the blessings of peace to Europe, while at the satr e time resolutely maintaining the dignity of the British Empire; and csrdially congratulates them upon the perfect success of their en lightened policy. ' ' The Deowotmq Cash seah Kapuxda.— An', inquest was held at tbe Morning Star Inn, near' Eapunda, on Thursday evening, August 1, on the body of Patrick Miller, which was fonnd thai afternoon in the River Light. Mr. J. Elliott, J J?., acted as Coroner, and Mr. Kemp was ] Foreman of the Jury. Peter Keria deposed that on the morning of July 19 he saw deceased on horseback endeavouring to cross the Light at McCarthy's crossing. The river at the time was flooded. At first he went into tlie stream till the water reached the horse's l-elly, and he then retreated. Wit ness called out to him not to cross, though he was not sure deceased heard him. Deceased on again attempting to cross got about a third of the way over when he and tbe horse were washed away, and disappeared for some time. Shortly afterwards witness saw the harse gain the bant, but he saw nothing more of the deceased. Mrs. Campbell, wife of Samuel Campbell, of St. John's, deposed that early in the morning of July 19 deceased left her honse to protsed to Mr. Shannon's, of Bagot'a Well, to see him as to an engagement, naying he would return at dinner-time. Wit ness never saw deceased again until she saw his body that evening. Had known deceased since he was a boy. He was always very steady. Police-trooper Shaw stated that since July 19 the police had unsuccessfully dragged the holes in the vicinity of the crossing for the body of the deceased. Upon receipt of information that a tody had been found that afternoon he went out and recovered the body. Fouud in the pocket book of the deceased fourteen £l-notes, in a purse 9s. 8id., and in the vest pocket a silver watch. Deceased also had a Savings Bank pass-book on him. Martin Hansberry deposed to finding the body that day at the ford at McCar thy's Crossing. The Jury without retiring returned the following verdict: — 'That the deceased, Patrick Miller, came to his deata acci dentally by drowning and not otherwise, when attempting to cross the River Light at McCar thy's Crossing on the 19th July last.' The River Thade. — Just now any items of information concerning the river trade will doubtless be of interest, more especially when they beer testimony to the success which has followed recent efforts to bring riverine business into South Australian channels. It is thus gra tifying to learn from a list of the river shipping supplied by Mr. E. Finlayson, the local agent of Messrs. W. MeOoUoch & Co., that while tbe tonnage of the river steamers and barges owned by South Australians is 8,040 tons, that of the boats supplied by Victoria and New South Wales together is only 8,648 tons, or about 600 tons more. The number of steamers and barges owned in South Australia is respec tively 32 and 34. Victoria has 15 steamers and 31 barges, and New South Wales 24 steamers and 10 barges, or a total of 39 steamers acd 47 barges. From these figures it appears at a glatce that South Australia is in this important particular far ahead of her chief competitor for the river trade — Victoria. MiGIETKATBS' COCTIT AT KAPOfDA. — The local paper of Friday publishes the following: — ' Th ere was a heavy day's proceedings at the Court on Wednesday, including a number of grog seJling informations, in some of which Mr. Downer, Q.O., appeared for the defendants. Tli ere were several cases against Miles C. Man saH~b, in the first of which the police asked that certain liquors, he, seized under a search-warrant might be declared forfeited. The application was negatived. The sams de fendant was then charged with obstructing the police in the execution of their duty, and was fiued £3 and £2 costs. The same defendant was also fined £10 and 20s. costs on an informa tion for selling beer without a licence; another information, charging him with having a quan tity of liquor on bis premises which might rea sonably be supposed +s be for sale, was dismissed. Am information a-jainsi John Cainy for breach of the Licensed Victuallers Act was dismissed, in corsequence of the coatrrdictory mture of the evidence offered. An information against Geoige Young tor a similar offence was sr-*- taiiitd, and a fine of £10 and £10 cosh was in fiicted, a seeped in'ormiiion against the same defendant being withdrawn. A like informitioa against Mr. SchiUt was sustained, he being fined £10 without costs.' The Bhands Act.— The first occasion on which, in this colony, the system of branding with one letter and two figures was adopted occurred at Messrs. Formby & Boase's yards on Friday afternoon. It appears that Mr. Boose bad purchased from Mount Eba a number of stock horses which it was necessary to rebrand, and he was instructed by Mr. Price Maurice, the lessee of that station, to brand the horses in accordance with the system proposed by the new Bill which has lately been brought in by Government and which has received such strong support in the House of Assembly as to warrant the holders of stock in tae belief that very shortly the Bill will become law. It appeared desirable to Mr. Maurice, asjthese horses were going a long distance, to discontinue tbe me of the old station brand and adopt one which by the time the horses arrived at the station would no doubt be in accordance with the then law of the colony. It is satisfactory to see that our pastoral people are in favour of a plan of brand ing which will give better facilities for the pro tection of stock, which is one of the main ob jects of the Brands Bill. Poet Adelaide Corporatism*. — A meeting of this body took place on Friday night, August 2, when a few matters of local interest were dis posed of. A plan was exhibited ot a wooden paved crossing, such as is used in London. It cost* £-16s. per vard, while Melbourne 'pitchers' (stone' crossings), for the same purpose, cost only U«. 3d. per yard. The subject was def erret till an estimate of a less elaborate style of wooden pavement could be brought under notice. —7- , -j ._ ? : — ? ? ? ? r— ? *— ? ? . — Htsttixg.— Several members of the Adelaide Hunt Club turned out on Thursday, August 1, at Hilton, and had a spin across some very stiff country, winding up at the Butts. Amongst these present were Mr. J. L. Staling (the Master) on Sheet Anchor, Mr. Barker on Tam bro, Mr. Ferry on Frank Hewitt, Mr. Moore on Garryowen, Mr. Turner on Meteor, Mr. Wigley on Casterton. Mr. Parr on Glencoe, Mr. Pegler on Benicia Boy, Mr. Kearnan on Swordsman, Beaucbamp on Warrior, Mr. Baker on Moidore. Mr. L. McDonald on The Ghost, end a stringer on a pony, who jumped well, and finished up pluckily bareheaded. The run was a very sti_t awkward one, with some of the wire fences strapped down. Warrior fell at the third fence, riving Beauchamp a heavy come down. Frank Hewitt came down twice, and Sheet Anchor was also amongst those that made mistakes. Theatre Eotal.— There wes a moderate attendance at this place of amustment on Friday evening, August 2, when 'Ingomar' was repeated. The parts of the barbarian and tbe Grecian girl were played with great effect by Mr. Creswick and Miss Ashton. The dialogue r.ceivcd ample justice at their hands, and numerous situations of more than ordinary interest met with the applause of the audience. Ihe support given, by the company was above the average, though the delivery of some of the text was strongly suggestive of a land much u further west' than the home of Ingomar. To-night Mr. Creswick appears as Sir Giles Overreach in ' A New Way to Pay Old Debts.' Parental Authority. — A somewhat singular case came before Mr. Beddome at the City Police Court on Friday, August 2, in which a nice point of parental authority was involved. A man named Jc3eph Vizard was charged with assanlting his daughter, a young ladylike girl of 19, and the evidence was to the effect that he met her near Stepney, and charged her with writing disgusting letters. This she denied, whereupon he struck her several times with his open hand, knocked her down, and beat her with a knotted rope provided for the purpose. For the defence it was urged that the girl had angered her father, who was justified in rorrect iufc her, as by a recent decision in England a parent had absolute bodily control over his daughter until the age of 21, and in this case the defendant had not exceeded his powers. It appeared that Miss Vizard, who is a teacher in the Training College, is supporting herself, and does not live with her father ; and the Police Magistrate, considering the assault one of a brutal nature, overruled the point raised, and fined the defendant £5, at the same time intimating that imprisonment would be the penalty for the next effence. IxcirEST at Gawlee.— On Wednesday, July 31, Mr. T. O. Jones, JP., held an inquest at the Mill Inn, Gawler, into the cause of the death of Robert Thompson, baker, who .was thrown off his cart on Tuesday afternoon, and died from the effects of injuries then received. It appeared that the decased was driving his cart, and in crossing a watertable he was jerked off the seat, which two witnesses regarded as rather dangerous, and thrown on to the ground. Dr. Popham gave it as his opinion that death wai caused by fracture of the base of the skull with efTusion of blood oa the brain. The Jury returned a verdict of accidental death, and added a rider that on butchers' and bakers' carts the seat for the driver should be secured by a railing. Buggy Accibbxt.— Oa Wednesday afternoon last, as the Rev. Mr. Webb, with his family, was proceeding from Clare to Penwottham in a buggy drawn by one horse, the animal shied and ran the vehicle into a side rut, which caused it to capsize. Fortunately none of the occupants were seriously iujnrcd, but they did not alto gether escape unscathed. The trap was damaged considerably. The accident happening close to Penwortham assistance was soon rendered, and M~s. Webb and children received all possible attention. Jococsr Ci.ub Annual Mbbttxo. — The annual meeting of the S. A. Jockey Club was held at White's Arbitration Ream on Friday, August 2 Mr. W. B. Rounsevell, M.P., was in the chair. The report and accounts were adopted, and the vacancies on the Committee were filled up by the election of Mr. W. L. Reid and re-election of Mr. J. L. Stirling. It will be seen that the Club intend to go on racing as at present till Sir Thomas Elder returns to South Australia, when it is thought an amalgamation of the Club and Jockey Club Company may be effected. Eqcttablh Firh Iksfeancb Compant.— The half-yearly meeting of this Company was beld on Friday, August 2 ; Mr. W. M. Letchf ord was in the chair, and 8,854 shares were represented. The report stated that the Company was progressing satisfactorily, notwithstanding keen competi tion. The current policies on the 10th July last numbered 1,792, covering risks amounting to £1,061,366 6s. 8d., with an average of £592 5s. 7d. each. The profit and loss account for the half-year showed a net balance of profit of £2££9 Is. 3d., out of which the Directors re commended the payment of an interim dividend of Is. 6d. per share, leaving £561 11s. 3d. at credit of that account. The report and profit and loss account were unanimously adopted, acd on Mr. C. P. Glover's motion it was agreed to declare the interim dividend recommended by the Directors (it being at the rate of 15 per cent, per annum on the paid-up capital) payable on and after the present date. Mr. Townsend, M.P., in moving a comprehensive vote of thanks . to the Chairman, Directors, and Secretary, said ; that for the amount of ?? capital involved this Company was one of the most successful of ( Insurance Companies. i Public Peks. — If any public- spirited liberal \ minded man wishes to win a world of good ! opinion he may find an easy way to do it by ? bequeathing a complete set of new pens to some \ of our institutions, the Law Courts especially, for : there are pens there most ' anciant of days' and ? stubborn as an unwilling witness. In the ? Police Court there are, Jn addition to a dozen or ? so of rusted useless nibs, three venerable ' mag : num bonums? which have served the public i faithfully for more than seven years to the cer j tain knowledge of the unfortunate ' habitues' who have to use them, and there are others, in the Local and Insolvency Courts which were .there 'when the oldest inhabitant was in his prime. A cew pen in these places would be {bailed with unmixed satisfaction by the Bar, Press, and public, and perhaps tend to make the caligraphy of the Court scriveners more decipher able. Verbumtap. . The Kafcxda Hospital. — A meeting of subscribers and the public was held at the Insti tute Hall on Tuesday evening, July 30, to con sider the present financial state of the Kapunda Hospital. There was not a large attendance. Mr. J. Varley, S.M., was voted to the chair, acd seid the Hospital could not be carried on with anything like success under £100 per xconth. The Board thought if they could obtain £o°C0 per annum in the shape of subscriptions torn the district, in addition to the Government subsidy, they would be able to manage well. ML-. J. Elliott, J.P., moved—' That this meeting regrets that the usefulness of the Kapnnda Hcipital has been considerably curtailed, owing to tbe small amount of financial support received from the general public for its maintenance.' This was seconded, supported, and carried. Mr. R. Cameron moved the following resolution — ?* That it is desirable to continue to keep the Kapunda Hospital open, and with a view to this the meeting pledges itself to use its most earnest efforts to raise the necessary funds for the per manent support of the institution.' Mr. J. A. Bruce moved an amendment — ' That an Hos pital in Kapunda was not necessary, seeing that they were within fifty miles of Adelaide, and had a splendid line of railway.' Mr. Chown seconded the amendment, which was lose, and the resolution was carried. On the motion of Mr. Cameron it was resolved— 'That all thope present should come forward and assist in raising subscriptions, and that the ladies of Kapnnda and surrounding districts be invited to co-operate in the movement.' A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. ? Eocra ox teb Gbzat TJxpAn-. — The James town Beviev writes. — 'A few days since a Justice of the Peace telegraphed to the Attorney General for advice as to whether it was com petent for a J.P. to administer the oath of allegiance. The reply was a curt statement that the A.G. didn't advise Justices. Are they, we wonder, to give up their time to and accept the risks and responsibilities of their office, and in addition to pay for legal enlightenment upon points which may require solution in the dis charge of their dnty ? The J .P.'s should surely not submit to such flagrant unfairness.' Madame Db Mttrska Mabeied Agaix. — We notice by a contemporary that ' lima De Murska has just baen led to the hymeneal altar for the seventh time. The victim this time is a lucky miner in the silver region of Kevada.' If the above statement be true thi* is the third time the gifted songstress has entered the blissful state since she last charmed an Adelaide audience at 'White's Rooms. Fiee at Class's Bhbwhrt.— The extensive premises in Halifax-street known as Clark's Brewery, but sow occupied by Messrs. R. Dixson &Bd; Co., tobacco manufacturers, very narrowly escaped being burned down on Friday evening, Augurt 2. The residents in the neighbourhood were at about a quarter-past 9 startled by the cries of 'Fire' issuing from the yard connected with the premises, and a rush being at once made to tha spot it was discovered that an outhouse at the rear of the main building used for sweating and binding tobacco was on fire. Messengers were at once dispatched to the Police Station and for the fire ret Is, and in about a quarter of an hour No. 3 Reel, under the superintendence of Mr. A. J. Baker, was on the spot. Connection was established with the newest fireplug, 303 yards distant, and the hose got into play as quickly as possible. A man was also at once Bent upstairs in the main building to ascertain if the fire had spread so far, when he found that the woodwork of the window overlooking the outhouse was burning, and that the flames were just effecting an entrance, but so slight a hold bad the fire that the man was enabled to ex tinguish it with a bucket of water. The fire was confined to the outbuildings, which were completely gutted; but fortunately by the exertions of the firemen the element was soon got under control, and by 10 o'clock all danger was over. There is at present no clue to the origin of the fire, as the man who h?i the charge of locking up the premises visited these rooms shortly after 6 o'clock, when everything appeared to be safe, tbe temperature ef the sweating-room being 120°. The sweating-rom is heated by a hot-air pipe from a, furnace out side the building, and to prevent the possibility of the occurrence of fire the proprietor of the establishment lately had all the woodwork in proximity to it removed, so that it is un likely the origin of the fire will be traced to that cause. . There were about 35 boxes of partly manufactured tobacco in the rooms, but the tobacco was not so much damaged by the fire as by the water. The extent of damage done is not yet ascertained. The building is insured in several offices, and the tobacco and plant in the New Zealand Insurance Company. A body of police 'under the command of Chief Inspector Seр and Superintendent Peterswald was on the ground and preserved order. Bahtfaix. — On reference to our table of rain fall it will be seen that 2 5S3 inches were registered at the Observatory hut month, thus bringing up the total of this year to the end of July to 16-468. This is 3S06 above the average of the corresponding periods of the previous 39 years, and only 0-997, or scarcely an inch, below the rainfall of the first seven months of the wettest year, viz., 1851. The New Cotjrt-Housb at Cii-b.— The long promised Court-House for Clare is ?\bouttobe erected, and judging from the gr and plan (remarks the Northern Argus) it will be no improvement on the old building. The Court room will be 35 feet by 20 feet, and there will be a small room attached a 3 clerk's office, which will constitute the whole building. Tbere ought to have been a Magistrate? room, a Jury room, and a place for witnesses to remain in who are not allowed to sit in the Coart-Hotae during the trial of cases. As no provision is to be made for their comfort, it is to be presumed that taey will have to s+ind outside however inclement the weather may be. Mr. Mann has shown a strange disregard for the requirements of Clare iu this particular, as the building is wholly inadequate to the wants of the place. At present we simply call attention to tbe matter, believing that it must be the intention of the Government to add to the original plan other reams that are really '^ential. The internal arrangen-enta appear also to be defective. For Instance, there is no place set apirt for reporters. During the hearing of ordinary cases they may, perhap3, be allowed, as at present, to occupy the Jury box, but when a Jury is empannellcd they wiU lie debarred that privilege, and will have to occupy the body cf tbe building with the general public.' Lawlessness. — Our Clare correspondent, under date August 1, writes : — tt For some time past many Clare residents have had property destroyed after dark by some lawless characters but no clue could be had as to who the parties were. Mr. McMahon, the owner of a few cot tageo,_was a sufferer. The windows of a houss occupied by a fainter named Papworth have been twice sm?sned of late, and on Wednesday night last the thing was repeated, when Joseph Perryman, a cook on Hill River Station, was caught. He was brought up to-day before Messrs. Eeare and Palmer. The evidence of David P?pworth was to the effect that the prLoner knocked at his door and called 'David'! several times, but as Papworth and family Iiad retired to rest they made no reply, as they knew the prisoner's voice and had some time pre viously forbidden him to come to the house. The prisoner went away, but returned shortly after — about 9 o'clock — and threw a stone against a window. Papworth rushed to the door with a loaded gun and called to prisoner to stop or he would shoot him, but he made his escape, ' and the prosecutor fired to frighten him. The ' police were informed of the affair, and soon afterwards arrested him. Prosecutor's wife gave similar evidence. The Bench sentenced the prisoner to one month's imprisonment with hard labour, and also made him pay 15s. for damage done to the window. The prisoner in question ing Papworth asked if he did not give prisoner drink at Hill River when both were residing there, and said something about a ' whisky still.' Inspector Saunders did not overlook that state ment, for as soon as the case was disposed of he obtained a search-warrant aud found in| Pap worth's house the various portions of a still with the exception of the ' worm.' The most essential part being wanting he could not take further action.' Popular Lectcbes. — In connection with the reappearance of the Rev. Charles Clark in Ade laide on Monday evening, the following article on 'Popular Lectures,' from a Canadian con temporary, will be read with interest: — 'Daring the last few year* the lecture-platform, as an engine of public education, has been steadily losing ground, both here and in the United States. Societies which regarded it as an im portant part of their work to provide instruction and entertainment by means of tiie papular lecture, finding that it would not pay, have abandoned it in despair. Perhaps some of the methods adopted to keep the institution alive have hastened its decay. First-class lecturers do not grow on every bush; but we doubt the wisdom of securing one or two good names, and filling out the programme with mere windbags, who talk 'an infinite deal of nothing.' Still more reprehensible is the common practice of 'sandwiching' a lecture between entertainments more adapted to the music-hall than to the platform of an educa tional association. At any rate, the decadence of tbe lecture system cannot be attributed to public indifference. Soue of our own gifted speakers, and prominent orators from the other side, whose names have been before the public for a generation, associated with the advocacy of great public questions, are heard with plea sure on tbe rare occasions of their appearance ; acd during the last thrc2 months the Canadian public have given proof of its appreciation of oratorical excellence in a manner altogether without parallel in our experience. In TorontD (where his lectures affected the attendance at tbe ordinary places of amusement, in the same way as Messrs. Moody and Sankey's revival ser vices are now doing in Boston), the Rev. Charles Clark gave a dozen lecture- entertainments j in Ottawa, and even in Quebec, the ielegriph informs us that he always addressed crowded audiences ; and now, in Montreal, not knowing when they may have arother opportunity of listening to so talented and versatile a speaker, a committee of gentlemen have persuaded him to give a farewell course of lectures in one of our public halls. Mr. Clark came to this city a stranger; but he imme diately took possession of ths public ear, and he has given no fewer than 60 lectures in Canada. The secret of his success is not difficult to ascertain. He is a 'popular' lecturer in the fullest sense of the term. He does not pretend to explain new scientific theories, or profess to elucidate recondite moral problems. He is simply an educated gentleman, possessed with a fervent admiration of the heroes of our national history, and a keen appreciate j of the genius of our classic authors ; and when be stands on the platform, his genial manner, clear ringing voice, felicitous diction, and wonderfully retentive memory make it no marvel that his hearers are sorry when the stream of his brilliant eloquence ceases to flow.' Thb *? Vagabond Papers.'— We have re ceived from Mr. George Robertson, the pub lisner, a copy of the fifth series of ' Vagabond Papers.' It is dedicated to Mr. Hugh George, formerly general manager of the Argus and Australasian, but now of the Sydney Morning Herald, and it contains sketches' relating to New South Wales and Queensland. They are written in the ' Vagabond's'5 usually entertain ing style, and will be read with interest by those who are anxious to get a deeper insight into colonial life than they may at present possess. 