OUR BRISBANE LETTER. | MAY 11. It has been for a long while felt that it was high time the survey of the coast of Queensland was finished. At present the survey is complete to the Percy Islands, a trifle to the north of Broadsound, leaving a long perilous coast line, not unexplored nor unknown, but certainly not surveyed with the thoroughness which should characterise it. The Imperial Government apparently are of the same opinion, for the Admiralty has practically seconded our wish that the survey should be pushed on briskly. That involves the employment of a steamer. The Pearl, which has hitherto sufficed for surveying, is a pretty little schooner that furnishes to Brisbane the only naval uniforms of which we can boast; but she has seen the best of her days, and the surveying staff have always found the coast winds most capricious. At the best, surveying can only be carried on during six months of the year. The Home Government show their sympathy with our own feelings in this matter to the tune of £1000 that is to say, they raise their contribution to the Queensland survey to £2500, instead of £1001) per annum, on the condition that Queensland gives an equal amount. Tenders are accordingly invited for a screw steamer of about 150 tons burden, to be employed in the survey, and with this vessel it is hoped that the work which promised to occupy four years may be done in one. The Legislative Assembly the other night indulged in a little merriment at the expense of the Premier and Bishop Bugnion. It was stated some time since in the Rockhampton Bulletin that the Premier had made arrangements under which Bishop Bugnion was sending out a shipload of Mcnnomtrs, or, as the Bishop himself terms them, his flock in Bessarabia. Mr. Palmer, wishing full information on the subject, asked for any correspondence which might have taken place, and a correspondence was accordingly, on Wednesday, laid upon the table. On Thursday Mr. Palmer read it, and commented on certain portion!. The first was a letter to the Premier, whom the Bishop addressed as " Sir John Douglass, K.C.," referring to " our last understanding between himself and the Premier, and stating that in consequence he had written to his Hock in Bessarabia informing them that half the passage money for about eighty families would be paid by the Queensland Government. The House, I regret to say, laughed immoderately, and the Premier laughed as heartily with the rest when Mr Palmer, with portentous emphasis read the conclusion, " believe me, yours faithfully in Christ, &c.;" In his written reply to the good bishop, and in his defence against Mr. Palmer's charge that he had deluded the prelate, the Premier denied that any actual arrangement had been entered into. The most that ever occurred was the expression of an opinion in a private interview at Rockhampton, that there could be no objection to an experiment with one shipload at any rate. A great point with Mr. Palmer was, that he gave notice of motion for the correspondence on the 29th April, and that the Premier's letter to the Bishop saying that his colleagues thought it undesirable to encourage the project, was dated the 30th. What, however, was chiefly dwelt upon by Mr Palmer and the Opposition members was the following : The terms which are proposed are not in themselves objectionable, but, to tell you the truth, some of our sober young folk would imagine, it is supposed, that we were going into partnership with the Devil if we had anything to do with you or with any one connected with the Greek Church. Such it the silly ßussophohia which affects us at the present time, " I need hardly assure you, I hope, that I do not participate in this superstition, but, nevertheless, it is a fact that some shrewd sensible men ninon; us would view with far greater compunction the advent of your interesting fellow rel giantess than they would that of any n amber of Polynesian or Melanesian islanders. " You must do your best, Bishop, to convert them ; meantime their understandings are darkened. "I am, my dear Bishop, yours very faithfully, "John- Douglas." To do the Premier justice, he was not seriously affected by the "stating" to which, for an hour, he had to listen, and though he admitted that the mystical curious character of the Bishop had led him into a vein of semi-viadinage in writing to him, it was the Bishop who had chosen to misunderstand him, and he must take the consequences. Mr. Douglas, it seems, had met Monsignor Bugnion at Rockhampton, where it was currently reported that the prophet-who went into the Bulletin office and told the editor that at a certain hour that day he had in a vision seen Osman Pasha marching out of Plevna the prophecy being somehow strangely justified by i fact-was neither more nor less than a Russian spy This, opinion, however, Mr. Douglas ridiculed, describing the Bishop as a simple earnest minded man, though a visionary. Several members wanted to know who were the sober young folk who would suppose the colony was going into partnership with the Devil, and Mr. Morehead playfully remarked that though the Premier might some day be under the superintendence of the Devil, he would scarcely go into partnership with that supernatural being. But there is a serious side to the question. It is said that, on account of the interpretation Bishop Bugnion put upon his conversation with the Premier, a shipload of Mennonites have actually embarked for Queensland. Of course that will be a simple way out of the difficulty. There is no objection per se to the foreigners ; both sides admit as much. as if they arrive, we shall no doubt welcome them, and absorb them without remorse or delay. Quite unexpectedly, the night before last, the temper of the House was displayed on the subject of colonial defence. The question before the Assembly was a matter of '£200 for providing a Volunteer corps in a country district beyond Ipswich. The Government declined to deal with isolated application to firm in, corps. This raised the general subject, and from the one side came a succession of charges that the Government had neglected the Volunteer movement, and from the other the boast that no Government had done more for its citizen soldiers than the present. The Opposition pooh-poohed this reply, painting out that the entire colony boasts of only 10Üd Volunteers, a portion of whom are unarmed, while applications have been made from several districts for permission to raise companies. To this the Government could point to a letter from the Brigade-Major of Volunteers, who, in declining the services of a number of petitioners, stated that, apart from the policy of a large augmenta- tion of the force for which there is no Parliamentary authority, it is not at present desirable to accept the services of any new company, as it would be impossible to supply such a force with either arms or ammunition. The debate brought out the fact that the Government do not intend to introduce a Volunteer Bill this session, and that ( Colonel Scratchley, from his own military standpoint, does not consider that one is necessary. The debate also showed that whenever there is the ghost of a chance, by question or resolution, by direct means or by every available side wind, colonial defence will prove itself a flower of perennial bloom, so far at least as the session is concerned. The Electoral Districts Bill has been pushed forward. To be of any service, the exigencies of the Electoral Roll require that it must become law by the end of next month. The second reading " will probably be passed without division or amendment next Tuesday, but with a formidable catalogue, of pro- mises that it will emerge from committee so mauled that its father will not recognise it. Every member, it is said, intends to deliver himself before the debate is over. Hitherto the discussion has been marked with ability and moderation, more with good temper, and a desire to keep it, as far as possible, free from party spirit. It was thought that the second reading would have passed on Thursday, the leader of the Opposition and the Premier having arranged to resume the debate, when the private members had finished their motions. But the private members did not give the opportunity. Their resolutions, though in themselves local and unimportant, otherwise, opened the door for many general questions, and the House, at half-past 9 o'clock, was so evidently tried that no attempt was made to superadd Government business, and an adjournment was taken to Tuesday next. The chief features of the adjourned debate, which extended over Tuesday and Wednesday, were, first an elaborate speech from Mr. M'Ilwraith, who revels in statistics, and goes into figures as a light amusement, to show that the data upon which the bill is based ore unreliable ; second, a defence from the Attorney- General, which, as a speech, Mr. Palmer said was the best he had over heard that gentleman deliver ; third, an argument by Mr. Palmer, which seemed to " take " largely,- to the effect that if the present electorate system could be worked hand-in-hand with a good local Government bill, and the principle of voters' rights embodied, the colony would possess a representative system which, like Captain Castle's famous watch, would be equalled by few and excelled by none. The rank and file on the Ministerial side have been a good deal charged" for observing a masterly silence. On Thursday, for example, after a speech from each side, there was a pause, for ten minutes, during which members looked at each other and at the Speaker, till the tick of the clock could, be heard in the Chamber. It seemed for the time as if | Mr. Speaker must perforce put the question, but Mr. Palmer took up the running, and the Colonial Treasurer and Mr. Macrossan eventually followed. The utterances of the provincial Press still show that there is really but little public interest in the question outside. In view of the 'Melbourne conference the House was led to express its opinion on Tuesday, upon telegraphic communication with Great Britain. We have been now nine days without news from England, and this at a time when anxiety is stretched to tension pout. The opinion expressed was therefore something more than strong ; it was bitter. Hammer and tongs, the members right and left attacked the Eastern Extension Company, and Mr. Palmer had no difficulty in inducing the House to resolve that no agreement - should be come to at the Conference which will in any way bind the colony to aid a' duplicate line of cable via Adelaide and Port Darwin, unless such line shall be supplemented by cable or land line from Port Darwin, connecting with Queensland lines direct. The Premier gave the House some particulars of a scheme which he hoped would have been carried out by New South Wales and Queensland acting conjointly, viz., to promote a cable from Ceylon to Cape York ; but he expressed his regret that, up to the present time the Government of New South Wales had held off." There was no disposition manifested by members to insist upon any now line landing on Queensland shores j but all agreed that a duplicate cable-a real duplicate, and not an apology for one-was becoming an absolute necessity. The reported rush in the north has been pronounced from Normanton to be a failure. That was what everybody expected. An expedition has, however, been decided upon to prospect the York Peninsula, from Coleman River northwards. The decision was in response to the resolution of a public meeting at Cooktown. The expedition will be accompanied by Mr. Kayser, the Government mining surveyor ; will cost £300 ; is to consist of ten members and will extend over a period of six months, unless fortune smiles upon it sooner. After four-and-twenty hours' steady rain, cold westerly winds have set in. This morning people are enjoying the luxury of an honest shiver, though the a change from stew to chill has produced the usual crop of coughs and colds, and no little fever. 