OUR HOME LETTER. [Prom our Special Correspondent.] .London, March 15. After posting your despatches of February 15 I walked alongthe Strand towards "Westminster. It wifl the time for the appearance of the even ing specials, ~and at every quarter of a mile little groups;-almost mobs, of-people were col lecting round some invisible attraction. In the muddy street just outside the kerbing were spread oat three newspaper posters—the Pall Mail Gazette; 6£o6e, and Evening Standard. They were held down by stones at the corners, and the newsboy stood at one side with a great bundle of papers under his arm. Most of them had a reserve on a wooden s'ool close by, and every hoar or boar and a half since midday a messenger had been replenishing his stock. The sale W46 not furious, but it was steady, people returning from their day's work glancing at the prostrate placards, asking for tbeir papers, and passing on. There was no indication of excre ment. It looked rather as if the inevitable had bee-i accepted and that we were in for it. The placards themselves looked like that. Their catch - line was invariably—" Entry of the Russians into Constantinople." This was fol lowed by subsidiary intimations—"The Czar's Proclamation to his Troops," "Orders of the Grand Duke Nicholas," "Telegram of Prince Gortschakoff," " Russian advance on Gallipoli." As usual the news did not quite bear out the headings, but it was of the most critical character throughout. From Constantinople, St. Petersburg, Berlin, and Vienna the tele grams betrayc-d a consciousness of being on the verge of a catastrophe. Mr. Lays-rd had in- I formed Lord Derby of a message which the Sultan had received from the Czar notifying that his troops would occupy the neighbourhood of Constantinople in a friendly spirit and with the same object, namely, the protection of his subjects, as that for which the British fleet had been sent. After a review of some squadrons of Cossacks near St. Petersburg His Majesty had addressed the officers, telling them that he was filled with the best hqpes of peace, but if unexpected circumstances should arise he hoped they would do their duty. The arrival of the British squadron at Prince's Island, within ten miles of Constantinople, might be taken as an " unexpected circum stance." It had happened only a few hours before His Majesty addressed the Cossack officers, and the excitement it caused in St. Petersburg was described as intense. From Russia it was announced that the Austrian Finance Minister was about to start for London on a special mission from Berlin; that the Emperor 'William was sending General Man teuffel in hot haste to St, Petersburg. It was feared that any hour a step might be taken on the Russian side which would be irretrievable. If the Grand Duke entered «r even approached Constantinople with part of his army the Saltan might fulfil his threat to take refnge in Broussa, and what was Lord Beaconsfield to do then? As it stood he has done too much for the peace party and too little for the war party. The latter were disgusted that Gallipoli had not been occupied by marines at the same time that the Dardanelles were forced. " Yon have thrown down the challenge to Russia," they sa; " and tken instead of seizing the proper ground to meet her upon you have put four of your finest ironclads in her grasp. She may now be in Gallipoli in six hours, and have the Straits lined with torpedoes in a couple of days. Should that or anything like it happen, what will four ironclads be good for against an army of 50,000 men in Constantinople The spirited policy had landed itself cul-de-sac. A MADAME AWUOT eOEEESPONDENCE. On returning from "Westminster to Fleet street late tlie same night I found a set of newly-issued de&patches; which materially changed the situation. They embodied the results of a correspondence which had been going on between Lord Derby and Prince Gortschakoff during the preceding three days, and which brought them so very near to pulling each other's noses that the last word seemed to have been spoken. It was now Con stantinople or nothing for Gortschakoff. Tou will have published the Prince's circular telegram of the 16th February, in which he gave notice to the Powers that the dispatch of a portion of the British fleet to Constantinople imposed on His Majesty's Government the neces sity of considering the advisability of measures to avert consequent prejudice to Russian interests. When it became known that the squadron had been ordered to proceed in spite of Turkish opposition, Prince Gortschakoff im mediately notified his counter-move. Again adopting the form of a circular telegram he said:—" The British Government having an nounced that they were about to send a detachment of their fleet to Constantinople for the protection of the life and property of their subjects whose safety might be endangered, according to the reports which reached them, the Russian Government with precisely the same object have in view the temporary entry into Constantinople of a part of their troops, with this distinction—that they will extend their protection, should the occasion arise, to all the Christian population. The two Govern ments would accordingly fulfil a common duty of humanity. This undertaking, pacific in its nature, could not therefore take any character of mutual hostility." The intended satire of this intimation was utterly lost ou Lord Derby, who in his most matter-of fact veiu penned a grave reply, insisting that there was no analogy between the two cases. Her Majesty's Government, though satisfied with the declaration that Russia did not regard the dispatch of a detachment of the British fleet to Constantinople as hostile in character, could not acknowledge that it justified the entry of Russian troops into the city. There was no analogy between the two sets of circumstances —"In the one case the ships of war of a friendly Power are sent into the proximity of the city in order that they may afford the protection which British subjects are entitled to require of their Government in case of need; in- the other, the troops of a hostile army are to be marched into the town in violation of the existing armistice, and at the risk of provoking disorders and causing the very danger to the Christian popu lation which the Russian Government depre cate." X'tRD DERBY DRAWING THE LINE. Her Majesty's Government, His Lordship con cluded, could not admit that there was any military or other necessity for the entry of Rus sian troops, while the consequences of it might be disastrous to the whole population of the city. It was left, of course, to be inferred where the disaster might come from, whether from British shells or from the objections of the inhabitants themselves to have the Russians for their guests. In his verbal communications to Count Schouvaloff Lord Derby no doubt cleared up the ambiguities of the written correspondence. On one point he made his meaning very explicit— that any further advance of the Russians towards Gallipoli would he considered a direct menace of England. Writing to oar Ambassador at St. Petersburg on February 13—thesamedate, it will be remarked, of the above despatch, and Bent by the same messenger—Lord Derby de scribes what had passed at the explanatory interviews with Count SchouvalofF:—" In th# course of conversation with the Russian Ambassador this afternoon on the present situa tion of affairs I took occasion to express an earnest hope on the part of the Government that the Russian Government will not make any movement of troops towards Gallipoli, or of asnch a nature as to threaten the communications of the English fleet. Any such movement, I said, would be regarded in England as compro mising the safety of the fleet, and in the actual state of public feeling I could not answer for the consequences, which might he most serious." The inference drawn from this correspondence and the Ministerial statement based upon it was that the line had been drawn at GaHipoli. Freedom of action had been reserved as to Con stantinople, the form of protest adopted leaving it at the discretion of the Government what they should do in the event of an entry. Cir cumstances might arise giving the Russians a reasonable pretext to enter; the Plenipoten tiaries might he intractable or the Turks might rise- -both contingencies to be decided on their own merits. But no conceivable contingency would entitle the Russians to approach nearer Gallipoli, and if they did it could only be with one object, which would have to be viewed by England as a casus betti. They accepted the hint, and the troops which had already passed tile line of demarcation were withdrawn, while strict orders were issued that it should not be crossed again. In the sequel an undertaking was given by Prince Gortscbakoff to respect Gallipoli, and that solved the crisis. TYING EACH other's HANDS. It looked as if Prince Gortschakoff had been cornered and would have to pocket his dignity. "Warned not to enter Constantinople and dared to advance another step towards Gallipoli, his pssition was not enviable, but he improved it by a dexterous stroke. While he was thinking . over the ugly message that hod been sent to ' him through Count SchouvalofF, he received another memorandum yet more imperative. This was on the 15th, the warmest day of the crisis. It was produced by a report which had reached Lord Derby that the Russians were, occupying new positions in the neighbourhood of Bofilair. It reiterated the notification of the 13th in more precise terras, if that were possible, and drew from Prince Gortschakoff a telegraphic reply that the Russian Government maintained its promise not to occupy Gallipoli or the lines of Boulair; hut—it expected in return that there would he no debarkation of English troops on the Asiatic side of the Straits. It had been cur rently reported among our own military men when the fleet was being sent up that an expe dition would be landed on the Asiatic side in tlie erect of the Russians forestalling us X 1 GaUipoli. Lord Derby in stating the gist of . . this correspondence in the House of LordB said . —"Oa the 19th we answered that we hadrer, ceived with satisfaction the assurance given, and that we were ready to meet it by "a eorre- > -■ : sponding engagement not to land troops on the European side, and that we wese prepared to - extend this engagement to the Asiatic side of the Straits of the Dardanelles on receiving an assurance from. Russia that she would also ■. abstain from landing troops there. We have received the Russian answer, to that communi cation, and it is to the effect that the Russian Government does not intend—I am giving the actual words—to occupy the Asiatic shore of the Dardanelles if England will equally abstain." It was universally thought that Prince Gortschakoff had made a capital bargain for Russia in this arrangement and redeemed his own reputation. The " patriotic party" could not understand where Lord Beacousfield had been when it was agreed to and the reciprocal pledge given that so long as Russia did not occupy the Straits we shonld not. Conversely, it authorized Russia to act elsewhere as 6be ' pleased. THE BEITISH FLEET PIROUETTING IN THE SEA OF WASarOEA. The expression is Mr. Gladstone's, and it is meant to be satirical. It occurs in his '• Paths of Honour and Paths of Shame," the sequel to which was a considerable breakage of glass at his house in Hurley-street. The pirouetting, however, is historical. Admiral Ccmmerell had been only a day or two at Prince's Islands when he returned southward to Mondania, about 40 miles from Constantinople. It was inferred that this was a diplomatic movement, taken in conjunction with a Russian engagement not to enter Constantinople. The AgenceRttsse ascribed it to that kind of discretion which is the better part of valour. It stated that the withdrawal of the British fleet to Mondania Bay did not lessen the importance of its having passed through the Dardanelles against the wish of the Porte, but it ptwres that the safety of British subjects was not menaced, and that thepassage of the fleet, therefore, was not neeessaiy. On the 18th Admiral Commereli confused us all again by a sudden move up to Tongla Bay, at the entrance to the Gulf of Ismid. Here he was within 15 miles of Constantinople. Ministers explained in both Houses that the pirouetting had been entirely naval, end not diplomatic. Admiral Commereli- bad noted solely with a view to the safety and convenience of the squadron. "We have, of course, some very graphic descriptions from gthe squadron of ^the passage of the Straits. It was attended with one or two vexa tions acccidents, bnt as far as regards the instructions given and the carrying of them out it was creditably executed. The men were greatly disgusted on the 9th, when the five iron clads which went first up to Clianak returned, after being refused permission; but it consoled them that fires were banked for getting up 10 knots' steam in 20 minutes. An anxious inter val of three days followed, in which Admiral Hornby was in constant telegraphic communica tion with the Admiralty. Part of the six mil, lions, it is credibly said, has been spent in con necting Besika Bay by cable with the Eastern Telegraph Company's liues. On Tuesday, 12th, all the admirals and captains were summoned on board the flagship Alexandra to a council- of war. They returned to their ships with the news that a passage was to be forced on the morrow. forcing the DARDANELLES, February 13. On Tuesday night the Admiral's instructions were distributed to the captains of the six vessels told off for the dangerous service. They were lithographed and contained exact plans of the ports to be passed. One of the best of the many graphic accounts which have appeared thus describes the start:—" When the liands were turned up in the morning the topgallant masts and all superfluous gear aloft were got on deck, hammocks put into the tops for the rifle men, and the Gatling guns ranged alongside them. The morning was dreadful. Bain came down in torrents, a dense haze over the water obscuring the land; the wind high and bitterly cold; the sea rough and tempestuous. At 8.30 a.m. the ships formed into two lines, passing np the coast in the teeth of a gale of wind, which increased in severity the closer the squadron got to the narrow entrance of the Dardanelles. At 10.15 a.m. the fleet passed the Castles of Europe and Asia, steaming in the following order:— Starboard Division—Asiatic side.—Alexandra (flag), Sultan, T6m€raire. Port Division—Euro pean side.—Agineourt (flag), Achilles, Swiftsure. About 11 o'clock snow began to fall, blinding those on deck and completely obscuring the laud ; in fact, the dangers of navigation seemed almost worse than the gauntlet of the forts. The officers had an early meal, as also the men ; and this over, quarters were sounded, and then the Admiral's plan of attack was made known. The guns were loaded with heavy charges of powder and sbtapnell shell, trained on the beam, and run out just level with the battery ports. But these messengers of death had a smiling face upon them, for the tompious were in and everything looked peaceful. The tops were filled with riflemen, and Gatling guus and all torpedo defences prepared, but nothing war like was to he seen. Admiral Hornby's instruc tions were to pass peacefully if possible, not to make any demonstration calculated to excite the Turks into a breach of the peace, but1 if the forts did open fire upon us, then . These were the orders," WAITING FOR THE TURKS TO FIRE. On the Asiatic side of the mouth of the Straits is Chanak, the Turkish Customs station and the head-quarters of the Governor of the Straits. Three miles below it is the first fort—a small affair, armed with a 40-ton ELrupp. The ironclads were ordered to look out for this, and if it fired to dismount it, destroying the earthwork. At half-past 2 o'clock in the afternoon they came within range. " At a speed of eight knots, surrounded with a dense fog, the snow falling thickly, the wind howling through the rigging, the squadron groped about for this wretched gun. It was luckily seen; so, in pursuance or orders, tne snips iormea into single line and awaited the result. Breathless silence reigned over the ships, broken only by the dull thud, thud of the engines ; yet beneath that quietude was the greatest excitement. At the guns stood their crews,§ one man ready to slip out the tompion, the others to run the gtin out, while the captain of the gun stood immove able, lanyard in hand, one jerk of which would have sent the enormous shell spinning on its errand. Our hearts were in our mouths as the flagship came abreast of the Ghanak gun ; the little puff of smoke, the flame, thej crash were eagerly watched for, while minutes seemed years. At last relief came :'J we had passed in peace, and the ^tension was removed. . . . As the town of Chanak was passed the wind increased in strength, the fog thickened, the scow and sleet fell worse than before, blinding the officers on the bridges and biting ears, cheeks, and nose?. The current, too, was dead against us, and was running nearly four knots. In this fearful weather, when neither ships ahead nor astern were visible, and guided only by the hoarse cry of the leadsmen in the chains, did the squadron pass the narrows of the Dardanelles, here only three-quarters of a mile broad. At a speed of eight knots against the wind and current the forts of Chanak apd Iscala and Namazieh were passed. Breathless silence prevailed on board the ships when those formidable batteries were being passed: They were the only point of serious resistance, added to which the Turkish authorities had given us the pleasing information that torpedoes had been laid down between the opposite forts. But no—nothing occurred to bar our progress up the Straits. No torpedo exploded under our bottom, and no shell came crashing against our sides. For the next two miles we were passing smaller forts and redoubts, but of these we took no notice, as they could all have easily been dis posed off by a few shells. So having passed all danger, and there being no more fortifications.vto encounter, the orders were given to unload the guns and to return the shell and powder to the magazine." THE ALEXANDRA IN A MEDICAMENT. Having passed the huge forts at Chanak the sigual was given for the Agincourt (Sir G. Com merell) to go ahead at full speed. She is a long unwieldy ship, and in taking the turn required so much time that the Alexandra (flagship), which followed her, had to ease her engines, and the swift current carried her back on a sandbank. A horrified cry of " The flagship is ashore" went through the squadron, and sure enough the Alexandra lay hard and fast within 600 yards of one of the Chanak forts, which are mounted with Krupp guns. The sqnadron eased steam for a few minutes to see what the Turks would do, but to the inexpressible relief of all the forts remained silent. Admiral Hornby then signalled for the Sultan to stand by and assist the flagship, while the others were to go ahead and anchor off Gallipoli at the head of the Straits*. " Off Karakova, in the Hellespont, the fog suddenly lifted, and with a clear passage before us we rattled on at full speed, anchoring before the town of Gallipoli exactly as the clock struck six, having been eight hours on the journey. Gallipoli was apparently deserted 5 but the fact was that the inhabitants kad retreated to their houses and had barred them selves in. The poor things, mostly women and children, had taken fright at the sudden appear ance of the English squadron, and were under the impression that we were about to bombard the town while the Muscovs assaulted the lines. fart of the squadron t&gincquit; and Swiftsure) remained there to watch the movements of the belligerents; the remaining ships (Alexandra, Temdraire, Achilles, and Sultan) got under way the next morning (14th), and pro ceeded to the Sea of Marmora. The moruiug was bitterly cold, a cutting northerly wind was blowing, but there was no snow or sleet, and the sun shone brightly. "We passed close to the Gallipoli lines, and could see Fort Vic toria a ad line after line of white tents stretch ing across the hills, while the soldiers were very busy throwing up rifle-pits and making various kinds of defences. The fort had one very big gun pointed towards the spot whence Gourko and his troops are expected to issue. On tbe morning of the 15th the squadron anchored off Prinkipo_, Prince's Island, some ten miles from Constantinople." It has been debated whether or not the Turks ever intended resistance. Some of the Constan tinople correspondents say that It was actually resolved upon by the Imperial Council, Vefik Pasha himself being bent upon it, but that the remonstrances of Mr. Layard and Hobart Pasha effected a change of tone at the last moment. It has also been affirmed that orders were sent to Chanak to resist, and that Hobart Pasha on his own authority countermanded them. Below Chanak a boat was dimly seen through the storm attempting to approach the flagship. A Turkish official stood in the stern gesticulating wildly, bnt Admiral Hornby, if be has a blind eye,moveditin that direction and took no notice of the boat. At Uajara-Kaleh Admit al Com mertll went ashore and communicated with tbe Turkish authorities there. The Porte addressed a remonstrance to Lord Derby, which he answered civilly, pleading the law of neces sity. PATRIOTIC DEMONSTRATIONS. The patriotic party are very unwilling to let the scare go down. They are energetic in the Press, which is their stronghold; on the platform, which they have now all to themselves; but most of all in Hyde Park, where last Sunday after noon they had another free fight with the Anberon Herbert squad. On the 5th inst. they had a full dress muster in Exeter Hall, under the auspices of the National and Patriotic League. The orators were our hard-riding friend Captain Burnaby; Mr. Borthwick, Editor of the Morning Post.; Mr Gibson Bowles, Editor of Vanity Fair, who had the odd controversy at last general election about the Straits of Malacca; Mr. Alfred Austin, a leader writer on the Standard ; Mr. Liardet, a Greenwich Con servative ; and Dr. Leslie, a Bed Cross surgeon het from the Turkish camp. He charged the Bussians with grossly illusipg Turkish prisoners. Captain Burnaby, who is just a little j too political iu his travels, declared that he had j never yet said half as much as he would like to ( do; that in fact he cannot while he holds Her , Majesty's commission. As a specimen of the mildest of his opinions he declared " the object j of Bussia to be the destruction of our Indian j Empire. Bussia had been systematically push- j ing on towards the East for years and years. ' She had had recourse to every conceivable means ; of advancement, she had intrigued, and she had j not hesitated to nee means which in England : we would characterize by expressions which j would not be considered strictly Parliamentary, j and which he, as an officer iu Her Majesty's : army, and on full pay, was not entitled to use. : If, however, he did not apply the expressions he would like towards the Bussian Government he j felt them. Another officer in Her Majesty's | army who has been among the Bussians and has i as little reason as Captain Burnaby to like J them poohpoohs the Indian panic. Captain ' Norman, the Times special correspondent in Armenia, has republished his letter with a pre face estimating calmly the advantage Bussia may gain from her conquests in that region. He reminds the alarmists that Alexaudropol and Erivan are nearer the Persian Gulf than Kars or Erzeroum, and Samarcand and Khokand nearer tbe Punjaub than either. "When the Bussians do come to India he believes that our own native forces will be more than a match for , them. j tViE PEEPAEATIONS. j There is ageneral impression that Sir. Gathorne Hardy and Mr. Smith are liquidating the six ; millions at a fine rate. Woolwich and all the naval stations are on high pressure. Horses are being bought all over the country. Biscuits are being baked by the hundred thousand a day. Patent locomotives specially adapted for work ing in trenches are being built. Sted torpedo boats are beiDg contracted for, and coals are being shipped from South Wales to the Medi terranean. The military spirit of the country is aflame, though there is no longer the ghost of a fear of real war. Military men are the most popular speakers at public banquets, ar.d every scrap of eulogy bestowed on the defensive forces is treasured up by penny-a-liners. Sir Garnet Wolseley, the destined chief of the staff in Lord Napier's contingent expedition, is foremost , among the patriotic optimists. You will have : seen his article in the Nineteenth Century on the British army in 1854 and 1878. In the same Cambyses vein he spoke at the annual dinner of the Savage Club—a literary, artistic, and dramatic brotherhood iu tbe West Centre. Responding for the army, he observed that ever since he joined it it had been going to the dogs. As long as he could remember it was the story of the good old times, and he could recollect when it was an uncommon thing for even senior officers to grumble about the men then joining as in every way inferior—morally and physically— to those who had fought the great battles of English history. It was a great consolation to him to be able to think that all this was our customary croaking. We were a nation of croakers, and he did not believe there was a profession more given to croaking than his own. Within the last few weeks,he said, "I have care fully studied the subject, and I have gone into it most minutely; and I can give an emphatic denial to the statements of the croakers. At the present time we have a large number of young soldiers in the army, and we are told that the whole army is composed of boys. That is incor rect, because—as it has been stated in a public manner, figures being given—the age of the army at the present moment is very satisfactory indeed. We have not regiments of hoys, but regiments of men—men who, you may depend upon it, will do their dnty whenever called upon." TWO ABUT COUPS KF.ADT FOE THE FIELD. The Minister for War has announced in the Honse of Commons that one army corps is complete in every respect, and that a second would soon be ready to take the field. It is ex plained that an English army corps numbers 37,000 of all ranks. Of these about 5,000 are non-combatant officers and men of the Medical Commissariat and Administrative Departments. The combatant force therefore would be 32,000, subdivided into three divisions of infantry, a brigade of cavalry, a variable number of batteries of artillery, and a complement of engineers. Each infantry division has besides its own com plement of cavalry and artillery. It consists of two brigades—each three battalions—a rifle battalion, a regiment of cavalry, three field batteries, a company of engineers, a troop of military police, and the ammunition reserve column. The cavalry brigade comprises three regiments and a battery of horse artillery. The separate artillery, distinguished as the" artillery corps," consists of three horse and two field batteries, with an ammunition reserve column. To express this fighting power in the simplest form it may he said that a corps numbers 21,000 bayonets, 3,000 sabres, and fifteen batteries of artillery, cr ninety guns. According to Sir Garnet Wolseley, there are at this rate guns enough for seven corps. In the first which Mr. Hardy spoke of as being ready will he included the extra forces at Malta and Gibraltar, which have orders to be ready to embark at an hour's notice. At home all regiments first on the roster for foreign service are being brought uo to their full strength, bounties of £l being offered to men to volunteer from other regiments. Lord Napier of Magdala, who is still in Loudon, has received offers to serve on his staff from more officers than would, be required for an armj of 100,000 men. Some of the provincial volunteers have begged the War Office to allow them in ' case of necessity to do garrison duty, and thus relieve the whole of the regular troops for active service. BURSTING THE TORPEDO BUBBLE. It has been mentioned by Reuter that you were to hold a Conference for concerting general measures of defence in tlic event of a Russian fleet having occasion to visit you on business, and not merely as last time on pleasure. The natural tendency would be to put your trust iu torpedoes and telegraph a big order to Finne at once. According to the best naval authority at home this would be a great mistake, for the tor pedo is au impostor. Only the Russians have ever seriously believed in it, and though they could do nothing with it in the Crimean war they still adhere to their partiality for it. The gross carelessness of the Turks on the Danube made them think that they liad realized all their hopes at lust. Nevertheless, the captain of a British ironclad would have very little hesita tion about entering a bay beset wifh fixed torpedoes. The first torpedo is of course different, and in circumstances such as a night surprise may be dangerous; but the sunk torpedo has figuratively speaking had its teeth drawn. The firing of it lias always been a matter of happy uncertainty. It has no power beyond 30 feet, and the chances of its being kept at the right level and fired at the right moment are incomparably against it. But a 11 later discovery, which has been made almost I i accidentally by some Danish officers, puts it < completely out of court. The slightest vibra tion explodes the charge, and in water thick laid with torpedoes explosion becomes infections. One torpedo going off will explode another 300 feet away. This discovery has suggested the antidote of 'countermining, which has been experimented with lately at Portsmouth, and brought to almost absolute certainty of effect. On the 2nd March some show experiments were made in presence of a large number of members of Parliament, which proved that a vessel entering torpedo-laid waters could by sending a small launch in advance and sinking torpedoes with ISO-lb. charges explode all the others in a wide radios. Sunk torpedoes are no longer worth searoom. THE PEACE NEGOTIATIONS. General Ignatieff is aware that his character for veracity and straightforwardness does not stand very high in England In one of his lectures Mr. Forbes describes a curious conver sation he once bad with him on this point. "Your countrymen," he said, " do not believe much in me, but if there is one thing more than another that I wish to have perfectly under stood it is that I am a Christian man." He paid Forbes the oompliment of taking him also for a Christian man, which the enterprising special admitted showed a great deal of dis cernment. Whatever the General desires to be thought opinions still differ very much as to his share in the transactions of the past few weeks. The Times correspondent at Pera takes every opportunity of interjecting into his telegrams a theory that the latter negotiations with their alleged difficulties and obstructions on the part of the.Turks have been a mere comedy, the terms of peace having been virtually settled weeks ago. Mr. MacGahan has received quite another version 01 the delays irom tbe General himseit, who throws the whole responsibility on Safvet Pasha. " He, In fact, continually refused to . accept point after point without orders from Constantinople, and telegraphic communication wis constantly mysteriously interrupted. He was three or four days getting an answer. It was the same with the telegrams to General Ignatieff. They were four or five days en route. Then Safvet Pasha was taken ill, and it was with the greatest difficulty General Ignatieff could get him to go on with the work. He wanted from the first to await the arrival of Sadoullah Bey from Berlin. He had completely forgotten the whole programme of the Con ference last winter, and had to be continually referred to it. Again, he did not know the lines of delineation agreed upon in the armis tice, and had no map. He had to accept what ever the Russians told him on this head. Under such circumstances it was most difficult to push the negotiations rapidly. General Ignatieff said the end of it would be that he would have to deliver an ultimatum in order to get peace signed." Safvet Pasha veiy readily agreed to the General's demand that the negotiations should be transferred to San Stefano, a suburb of Constantinople. They had two wholly diffe rent motives, but that did not prevent common action, for which Russia of coarse is wholly blamed. Ignatieff wanted to have the peace signed close enough to Constantinople to he entitled to give it that name. Safvet wanted to be near enough Constantinople to compel his colleagues to bear their share of a responsibility which may rise in judgment against him at no distant day. The wily Vefik Pasha kept his head out of the noose with honeyed words, assuring Safvet that the Government had entire confidence in him and would ratify whatever he agreed to. He was wily also, and requested written authority to append his signature to any condition that the Russians insisted on, but that was refused. By moving to San Stefano he might hope to draw them on in spite of themselves, but he does not seem to have suc ceeded. IV hile he was humbugging the Russians at Adrianople news came of the fall of the former Plenipoientiary, Server Pasha, and Safvet pretending to fear that there would be an entire change in the Government, possibly also in the dynasty, positively refused to pro ceed until he had got fresh instructions. It was then that General Ignatieff exacted the promise to remove to San Stefano, and also to surrender the lines of Kutchuk Tcbekmejdie, the last which remained in the hands of the Turks. Soon after he learned of the entry of the British squadron into the Sea of Marmora, and sug gested to the Grand Duke that fulfilment of the promise should be insisted upon as a counter stroke to prevent the renewal of British influ ence at Constantinople. The Grand Duke with his suite and the negotiators started on their journey one morning, having sent notice to •Inkhtar Pasha to evacuate the lines which were to be surrendered. At Tchalaldja it was dis covered that Mukhtar objected, and the Grand Duke, after expostulating for an hour or more by telegraph, sent Tahir Bey to Kutchuk with a peremptory order to move ont or the lines wonld be carried by assault. Mukhtar moved. SKOBELOFF FBEDICTS ANOTHER LITTLE WAR. While waiting for Mukhtar to make way it is said the Grand Duke asked Skobeloff what he thought of the prospect. With his usual recklessness he replied, " For my part, Monsieur, I think we shall have to fight England." The Grand Duke, affecting displeasure, replied, *' Oh, but you're a madman," and turned on his heel. From being head of the army the ' Grand Duke has also been thought to he the head of the war party, but the opinion of him | at his own head-quarters is quite different. In reply to a suspicion thrown out by Mr. Gladstone that the generals in Thrace had taken the bit between their teeth, Mr. MacGahan writes that the reverse is the fact. There has ; not, he says, been a single move without orders from St. Petersburg, and the Grand Duke has the coolest bead in the company. He did not use to have, but that may be all changed. A later story which we have from the Russian bead-quarters affirms that his caution was the 1 chief preventive of a collision with England. ( After one squadron had forced the Dardanelles, ; andPrinceGortschakoff had given notice that the Russians would enter Constantinople in the ■ same friendly spirit, the necessary orders were : actually telegraphed to Adrianople. The Grand Duke moved forward slowly, but telegraphed ; back to St. Petersburg a number of reasons ; for not proceeding to extremities, and suggested ! San Stefano as the limit of occupation. Among ; his own staff he is not considered a fire-eater. At i any rate it is his wish te be thought on the side of moderation. Of course General Ignatieff [ also wishes not to he thought worse than he is. : In the same conversation when he spoke of the | published conditions as "fantastical" he also I denied that there was any secret clause I with any secret treaty. Russia, he said, could obtain nothing by a secret treaty which she could not obtain better without. As regards the Straits, he did not want to have the existing treaty changed either by agreement with the Turks or through the authority of the Congress. On this point Russia means to adhere to the Treaty of Paris. As for her coveting Turkish ironclads—bah! said the General. CONGRESS OR CONFERENCE. Since the 16th February some kind of diplo matic reunion to consider the terms of peace has been assured, but whether it is to be a Congress or Conference continues doubtful. The difference between the two assemblies is that a Conference is a mere gathering of Ambassadors, who have no power to decide anything without reference to their respective Governments: while a Congress would have to be attended by Pleni potentiaries of the highest rank, with full power to bind the countries they represent. Count Andrassy's first invitation was to a Congress, to be held in Vienna under his own presidency and attended by the German and Russian Chancel lors iu person, with Lord Derby or Lord Salis bury for England. I fancy that was never a popular scheme with our Ministers, and their opposition may have helped to smother it. "When the modified proposal was made of the Confe rence at Baden-Baden they promptly accepted, and appointed our Ambassador at Paris, Lord Lyons, British delegate. He is still the only representative who has been definitively selected. The three Emperors have gone back now upon Count Andrassy's original idea of a Congress, and they wish to have it held at Berlin. Her Majesty's Government Lave agreed to the change of place, but propose to make no change iu the delegate. Lord Lyons has been in London for a week consulting with the Foreign Office, and his nomination remains uncancelled. Should he go alone it can hardly be a CoDgress in the full sense of the term, and the Continental Cabinets are urging, I believe, that a member of the Government should attend along with him. But Lord Beaconsfield is holding his hand till he can see a little further beforehand. The authentic conditions of peace are still waited for, and he may fairly ask for some time to consider them. He lias moreover made through Lord Derby a few stipulations which Russia c'-nnot be expected to yield very readily. In one of his recent replies to Earl Granville's almost daily bints ' for information the Foreign Secretary said: I —" There is another very iinportaut question— I namely, what, if any, shall be the bases upon which the Conference or Congress is to proceed. J Upon that subject we are in communication i with the other Powers, and principally with Austria, the Austrian Government being that which took the initiative in this matter. We heve already expressed in a despatch which has been laid on the table our opinion that we are not prepared to recognise as valid any changes which have taken place in the arrangements made by European treaty until those .changes iave the assent of the Powers; and we have 'urther stated our opinion that it would he iesirsble, not merely that a part, hut that the whole ot the treaty mutually concluded het ween Russia and Turkey should be submitted to the ; Congress." This is in effect a denial of the right of Russia to pick and choose what she shall lay before the Congress, and it is such a vital difference that it can hardly be settled syithout pretty sharp correspondence. Count AndrasBy takes the same ground himself—that the whole treaty or none must be brought under the cognizance of the Powers. WHAT IS THE TREATY ? There is the rub. We are in the eighth week of the negotiations, and General Ignatieff cannot yet trust us with his own map of Eastern Europe. It was signed on the 2nd March at San Stefano, the anniversary of the death of the Emperor Nicholas, to whose manes it is regarded by every Bussian as a propitiatorysacrifi.ce. But apparently that was not the completion of it, for several clauses were accepted by the Turkish Commissioners en bloc—iu the lump. The ar rangement of these postponed details occupied , the greater part of last week, and then a Russian frigate arrived at Constantinople to cany General Ignatieff and Reouf Pasha to Odessa with the final version of the treaty as ratified by the Sultan The journey to St. Petersburg has occupied nearly a week, and there are further points reserved which Beouf Pasha will have to settle with the Emperor personally. When it has had these embodied in it and the Czar's ratification conferred upon it it will be a finished document, and the Powers wiil have it communicated to them as such, or possibly only those parts will be made known which Russia thinks proper to submit to the Conference, all which is still a mystery. first version, February 28. For three weeks we have had every day emen dations on the supposed terms of peace; hut it would be a slight on General Ignatieff to treat them as bona fide. There have been three prin cipal versions published at intervals of a few days, and all professing to be on the highest authority. They have been framed evidently for the different tastes of Turoophiles, Russo pbiles, and the middle party. The first was a triumph for the champions of British interests. It defined the limits of the new province of Bul garia so as to take in the whole villages of the Danube except the Dobrudscba, all Roumelia f rom the Black Sea to Servia, and the greater part of Thrace and Macedonia. This would take in Sofia and Philippopolis,but leave out Adrianople. It gave Nisch to the Servians, who want also Prisrend and Widin. The Bulgarian tribute was to be assessed by a mixed Commission on the basis of the average net revenue of the pro vince for a term of years. The province was to be occupied for two years by fifty thousand Russians, and governed by a prince elected at an assembly of Bulgarian notables. Russia was to have power to cede the Dobrudscha to Roumania in exchange for Bessarabia. The Straits were to remain closed to war vessels, and to be declared absolutely free to merchant shipping even in case of war. The indemnity clauses which roused the British lion were as follows: —" The indem nity to be paid to Russia is fixed at 1,400,000,000 roubles, to cover which Turkey will cede to Russia Batoum, Kars, Bayazid. Axdahan, and the territory comprised within that zone. The Porte also to cede six Turkish ironclads, to he chosen by Russia. Turkey further to pay Russia £40,000,000 sterling in bonds, the interest and sinking fund of which are guaranteed, by the Bul garian and Egyptian tributes and the revenues o f Anatolia and the mines of Heraclea. Ten million roubles are to be paid immediately, to indemnify Russian subjects having establishments at Constantinople. The integral reimbursement of Russian capital invested in Turkish bonds is also stipulated for. The Porte is to defray the cost of the maintenance of Turkish prisoners of war in Russia, and the expense of the reopening to navigation the Sulina mouth of the Danube." Other " fantastical" reasons published at the same time stated that the new province to be called Great Bulgaria would take in from near Gallipoli to Salonica on the -digean; that all the Mussulmans were turned out of their homes and their property confiscated; that the Sultan had replied to the demand for six ironclads that he would rather sink them or sell them than give them up; and that General Ignatieff would probably reduce his claim in consequence to three vessels. The Sultau's objection to Russifying the Turkish fleet found lively sympathy in England; but what touched English sensibilities most was the alleged attempt to hypothecate the Egyptian tribute and the revenues of Anatolia. The execoation and sarcasms spent on Russian disinterestedness were universal—even Russophile organs having to bend to the storm. Several Liberal leaders veered round, and the Times performed a somer sault. Sir William Harcourt denounced Mr. Gladstone's speech at Oxford as having done more harm to the Liberal cause there than four years of the hardest work would retrieve. The ex-Premier's house in Har ley-street was mobbed, and even in the* Reform Club the manifestations against him were so ominous that the Committee decided to post pone the intended placing of his bust in the hall. Lord Derby's frequent interviews with Count Schouvaloff were regarded with bus picion, and the only interesting news in the papers was the glowing account of war prepara tions at the dockyards. Sir Stafford Northcote answered all questions put to him about the terms of peace with a frown, and the House burst iuto a cheer when he told Captain Pirn one night that he was as tired of saying as hon. members would be of hearing that there was nothing to say. He did not conceal that the Government had some indirect and fragmentary information about the terms, but nothing that conld be used. If the terms when ascertained should be prejudicial to British interests the Government, he said, would know what to do. second version, March 4. This was for the most part a negative account, its strongest points being contradictions of the anti-British statements in the first. It came partly from Constantinople, on the day of General IgnatiefFs visit to his old quarters, and was supplemented from St. Petersburg. The Constantinople telegram indicated that there had been a most edifying and unexpected dis play of -moderation at the finish. The cash in demnity it was said had been reduced from forty to twelve millions sterling. The demand for a certain number of Turkish ironclads had been withdrawn. The Egyptian and Bulgarian tributes were not to be interfered with. The boundaries of Bulgaria were not to include Salonica. The St. Petersburg account denied these concessions in the sense that no such demands had ever been made. Yet, strange to say, Lord Derby, a fortnight ago, told the House of Lords that he had heard from various sources and in a manner which he had every reason to hope was authentic that the demand for Turkish ironclads had been withdrawn. Count Schouvaloff took an exception to the expression at the time and has not alluded to it since. In the interest of General Ignatieff, however, he ought to have done it, for the General professes never to have mentioned such a subject. The official Agence Russe adopts the same tone, not only as to the ironclads, but as to Salonica, the Egyptian tribute, and every other question which " might Lave touched on the susceptibi lities of other States." " In the meantime,' proceeds the Agence, " we believe we are in a position to affirm that when the original condi tions are known they will be found to be totally at variance with the exaggerated versions spread abroad by the enemies ef Russia, and that they prove amongst other things that the pecuniary indemnify is almost nil, and that the question of guarantees has not been touched. Any hypo thecation of revenues already hypothecated is out of the question." third version, March 5. Two or three days after the treaty had been actually signed Renter's correspondent at Con stantinople furnished a third version, which he ; professed to have obtained from a reliable source. . The wording of his message implied that he had : either seen a copy of the document or obtained i his data fiom some one who had. He gave the 1 number of articles in it— twenty-nine—and its ( actual title, which is " The Preliminaries of , Peace concluded at San Stefano." Either the j document ratified at St. Petersburg is to be con- ; sidered the final peace, or that is to he left to ; the Conference. Our third version fixed the j gross amounted the indemnity at 1,410 million ■ roubles, say 250 millions sterling, and the cash j part at 310 millions, making the valuation of the ' territory to be ceded in Armenia 1,100 millions. ! Nothing had been settled as to the mode of j payment of the 310 millions or as to the ■ security. No mention, says the telegram, is . made of the Egyptian and Bulgarian tributes or of the fleet. Roumania is authorized to make her application direct for her indemnity, and to come in I suppose a second mortgagee after the 310 millions! No I thing in cash is asked on behalf of Servia or I Montenegro. The latter gets Antivari, Sporg, I Nicksics, and Podeoritza; the former Niscli and certain parts of Old Servia. In Bulgaria J all the Turkish fortresses are to he abolished and Turkish garrisons removed, but a military road will be maintained for the passage of Turkish troops and stores for Bosnia. That road won't be loDg required by the Turks, if ever. Contrary to the original statement about the Mussulman refugees, they may return to their homes and realize their property within two years. If it should not be sold then it will be appropriated to the widow and orphan fund. The Russian army of occupation is to re main for two years, and to have comtnunica- ■ tions kept open both through Roumania and by the Black Sea from Varna andBnrghas. It ; is to -be maintained at the expense of the Tnrk and to organize a Bulgarian militia for future service. The Porte retains all its war material | in the Bulgarian fortresses. The Danube is to remain under the European Commission, the | Porte to pay the expense of clearing the Snlina Channel. There are numerous provisions re specting the vassal States, which are not being directly interfered with. In Bosnia and Herze govina no taxes in arrears are to be claimed, and ail collected up to 1880 are to be applied to the 1 benefit of the refugees. Bussian and Austrian Commissioners are to decide all disputes. Thessaly and Epirus are to have an organization like that introduced into Crete in 1868. No ' mention whatever is made of Greece, and accounts vary as to whether or not anything is proposed for Crete. The ceded zone in Armenia is to include Batoum, Bayazid, Ardahan, and Ears, and the Bussian troops are to have six 1 months for evacuating the other positions they occupy there. It is not indicated when evacuar 1 tion begins in Europe, hut there have been re ports of overtures made to Lord Derby to draw | in the Bussian forces on Adrianople provided the British squadron returns to Besika Bay. ! For military considerations the Grand Duke ' will not be averse to getting nearer the shore of the Black Sea and his new base of supplies at Varna. The health of the troops who crossed | the Balkans is fearfully bad, and as rapidly as possible they will be relieved by fresh levies now on their way through Boumauia. The Conference may and in fact ought, before beginning its deliberations, to require the Powers to withdraw from any exceptional posi tion incompatible with its objects—the Bus sians from the neighbourhood of Constantinople, the British squadron from the Sea of Marmora, and the Austrians from the frontier of Bosnia. On the other hand, as the disturbances in Bosnia continue and may become worse, Austrian occupation may become a necessity. Austria could not do it, however, without waiving some of her main objections to the new situation in Bulgaria. LORD DERBY RAISING DIFFICULTIES. The meeting of the Conference or Congress is up to the last moment problematical, and not on oue ground only but on several. England and Austria take exception iu advance to the Bus sian doctrine and accomplished facts as the basis of deliberation. They say, or at leastLord Derby does, for he appears to be tbe spokesman of both Cabinets, that if the Eastern question is to be settled it must be from the starting-point of 1856, and with a fall knowledge of all the modifying circumstances arising out of the late war. In a word Russia is required to produce the entire treaty and to subject it clause by clause to the scrutiny of the Conference. She has not positively refused, but it is well known that that was not her intention some time ago, and she will resist the slightest appearance of further concessions to a Power which the Rus sians hold responsible for keeping them out of j Constantinople. Prince Gortschakoff has made some kind of suave answer to Lord Derby's double; demand to have the whole treaty sub mitted to the Conference, and to have it communicated to the Powers in advance. We hear to-day that General Ingatieff and Rcouf Pasha arrived at Odessa on the 13th, and the same night started by special train for St. Petersburg. They are expected there to morrow, and immediately after the ratification of the treaty by the Czar its conditions are to be officially made known. The Vienna Government has been assured that a copy will he furnished to it next week. Of coarse they will have to ; he distributed by special envoys, and the English copy may not reach London for ten days yet. However, this preliminary obstacle seems to be no more a ground of anxiety. As to the other stipulation—full submission of the treaty —Prince Gortschakoff may stand out so far as to throw on the English Cabinet che onns of not entering the Conference. At the last moment General IguatiefFs ingenuity might sug gest a modus vivendi, but all his com promises have a sinister resemblance to storm petrels. The Bussian official Press has taken to lecturing us again on our bumptiousness and impracticability. The Journal des St. Petersburg, which is more of a country than a Slav organ, has assumed a peculiar attitude on this matter. Foreseeing as it were that the English stipulation may be carried against Russia, it premises that the decisions of the Congress are not to be binding ontheminorityoreveuonasingledissentient. "It will not be a Court of Arbitration, or any other kind of tribunal, but an assembly jointly deliberating upon common or divergent interests. Its decisions would he all the more sure of general acceptance the less they were actuated by jealousy and distrnst and the more they were inspired by the general interests at stake. The decisions of the Congress will not be taken by a majority of votes, and it is therefore illogical to ask that each one should declare beforehand that he will submit to them. The demand that all the points of the Treaty of Peace should be submitted to the Congress is untenable if the mission of the Congress be a work of peace. Care must he taken to set aside any subject not of European character, and not subject to the decision of the Congress, which might lead to an excited and animated dis cussion. Should these be the sentiments of the Russian Government, the Conference is proclaiming beforehand that it is going to be a farce. First of all, the Powers may be unable to agree on ; anything, and should they agree upon some thing any individual Power may regret it. This line of argument at S]t.Petersburg has greatly strengthened the anti-Russian party here, who regard the Conference as a diplomatic trap which will settle nothing, and leave us on im portant points less able to protect our own interests than we are now. The Russians re tort by charging us with insincerity, and hinting that tbe presence of the fleet in the Sea of Marmora is really a prelude to some tour de force in the Mediterranean — the occupation of Mitylene or a seizure of Crete. Lord Derby's proposal to have Greece admitted into the Conference—which, by the way, Russia is said to have agreed to— bears in Russian eyes the same constrnction. We are going in for a spirited policy in the Mediterranean, and the Greeks are to be our jackals in place of the Turks. (To be continued.) 