Tracts for the Times. — No. V. Another tra-t and why 1 Bec:ui c < th' - .- little sketches are read and some ionest truths digested, with an easy or a savage digestion as the case may be. But then, you see, if men arc offended, that dots not alter the facts, does it 1 And by this method I spenk with a very kind intention to at least 6000 people of all classes —a larger congregation than any one of our parsons has, even in tbe crowded chapels o*j the Mines. I wrote last about LIVING ; and I return to the subject, because it contains a gran' 1 secret for most of us. It is the key of the great pmb'em why so many \\.ith fair means are constantly struggling, with poverty waiting upon them like a shadow ; and whv others, with smaller means, are thrifty and prosperous, with no ghost at their hee's. The foi mcr are the slaves of all who wi!' trust them, and are in fetters all the days of their lives ; notwithstanding that handsome legend (which we all so enthusiastically shout, but never from our souls believe) that " Briton's never, never, never shall be slaves." The other class are, on the contrary, perfectly independent, and deserve to be so. The fact is this, that if we practised the same economy as we were forced to observe in il the old country," the average laboring man would be exceedingly well-to-do. Our home-grown bacon and beans and brown bread have grown into expensive daily roasts of mutton a"d beef ; our brown bread is now the finest white that money can buy ; our home-rrade canberry jam must here te raspberry F 3d black currant preserve. And our dress must be different. The top-cuat no lonje." a heirloom from grandfather to grandson ; no* are the clothes worn with the decent care that makes the father's ancient suit (when duly turned and altered) a perfect treasure for the growing lads. Most iruly. o'd things have passed away ; behold all things must become new. I do not say that I would have any roan pinched with the sevfities of an English poverty, or forced to practice a starving economy. Far from it ; I would have the people well fed, well lodged, and wall clothed. But 1 protest ajn-inst heedless ex.ravagances. We have come to reason very much in this way in regard to work, wages, and living—"We have not come 3G,000 miles for nothin : ! Oh, no ; we came to improve our position. Don't you think we are going to work vso many hours as we used to work, especial'y in this climate. And then, as to wages : you see everything is so dear here. And a man can't live like he c luld at home ; he must have something to keep him up." Yes, that's just what does it all. The "keeping up" swallows all the advantage derivable from the change, and more ; it confers expensive tastes and extravagant ideas. In the end, a good many families (not seeing the cause of the failure and disappointment) bitterly say—''W« were quite as well off in England as we are here ; a curse upon the Emigration Agent that got us to leave it." No doubt they were well off in the old parish, because they lived dimply ami frugally ; but here, many of them have forgotten what it was to look at the two sides of a penny before spending it. Let me a^-k any man who feels the pinclj to quietly sit down and honestly calculate how, much he has spent unnecessarily, in little dribs ami drabs, during, the last vix months- T/ien are there the children's gettings ; see what goes in the way that youngster's spend ! I don't ask you to tell anybody the amount ; make up your own calculations and—your own resolve not to be poverty-stricken any more. In all that I have written, I should be unjust if I forgot the fact that we h.ive in one respect a very mixed community. Some among us are doing exceedingly well, and others are doing exceedingly ill. If a man has got a good bargain, and has two or three steady sons t>: help him (one or perhaps two being permitted to woik at a mp.n's pay) he is in a position to save money. But there are scorcs who arc in circumstances the very reverse of this. They are doing very '•slight" indeed ; they have large families of little folks, none of whom are helpers— all consumers. On these men a 20s. a week pay is very hard in such a district as Moonta or Kadina or Wallaroo ; the most rigid economy will barely ke^p the wolf from the door or the children in bread. I\'op> a! a distance must learn Ilii« —that thes.- are not the people win' are swelling the savings bavk deposit, nor wearing expensive jewellery ; that it Is not a ma'ter of hizin' ^s or f 11-will to work ; it i« a something which no thirft can control, no pains or care enn avert. And these men demand and should receive sympathv, and if it were pcs'ible our help. I know some among these men—the mont henest, hardworking men I ever met : tbry a re the victims of circumstances. I hope for them with all my heart better and more prosperous times. These do not come under my lash for extravagance. These are not the men who, whilst owing heavy bills at the stores, are d'shonest enough to put the money that should pay t eir debts into the bank. The men are behindhand it, is true ; but it is not for want of an effort ; nor is it the result of past extravagance. But tell me I pray you, what can a man with a heavy family do who has met with "bad lack" for two whole yeirs in succession 7 WE hear that on Sunday last tbe Flinders could not call at Wallaroo, and had ts fake her passengers for that port on to Port Augusta. On her return trip the weather was fitill rough, and she had to bring he passengers on to Moonta Bay, and land them there. On Wednesday the Wallaroo passengers from Port Pirie by the Euro, an from Adelaide by the Emu, had also to be LANDED SJ'Moojitn Bay, as Captjins Creer ,-ind Osborne were of opinion that it would be use'ess to attempt calling at Walloroo. THE lovers of amusement have been on the lookout for the U.S, Minstre's, of whose performances in Adelaide very com mendatory notices have appeared in our metropolitan corit3inpova ,- i' l s. Mr. Rock feller, the Manager for the compau has made all the necessary arrange me'it- for a succassful busine-s the Peninsu 1^. Our readers are refei -ed to the announcements in our- advenisin columns, I 