THE MERCURY. THURSDAY M0R2Ï1NQ, MARCH SS, 1873. I A plain unvarnished tale, and yet one which I will no doubt prove of a very satisfactory character to all interested in the welfare of the Colonies generally, and of Fiji in particular, was delivered by the Governor of that Colony, Sir Arthur Gordon, a little more than a month ago, when he met a number of planters and proprietors at Nasova, and addressed them upon various topics connected with the welfare of the Colony. Although we regard with a certain amount of suspicion these manifestoes, vice-regal or otherwise, which are delivered with the intention of their being subsequently quoted largely by the contemporary Press, and as therefore, likely to look more steadfastly on the bright side of the picture presented, depressing mean- while the irregularities and blots upon the other side-the figures quoted in this instance by the Governor, in proof of his assertions with reference to the progress of the Colony are irre- ' sistible and conclusive evidence that the future is sufficiently encouraging to justify the hope that, notwithstanding the depressing influence of the late severe drought, the prediction by Sir Arthur Gordon that a marked improvement in the prospects of the Colony would Jw apparent before it had been four years under British rule, is fast being realised. The Governor, indeed, at the conclusion of his address meets this objection to his deductions by declaring that he is no optimist, but on the contrary, if a question had a bright and a dark side, the bent of his mind and inclination was to look at its more gloomy aspect rather than the brighter one but that yet he had no doubt whatever, from personal observation, of the success and prosperity of the Colony, and felt as secure and confident of this, as it was possible to be of anything in the future. His premises and deductions will no doubt prove interesting to all interested in Fiji. The principal direction in which the improvement pointed to is visible, is in the increase in the Customs duties. To illustrate his point the Governor compares the year 1875 with the year 1877, in the former of which universal depression prevailed and trade was almost stagnant, but now there is a well grounded confidence where there was then despair, and business has not only increased, but has established itself on a far sounder footing. He goes on to quote figures thus : " In 1875, the revenue from Customs only amounted to £8811. In 1877, under what was practically the same tariff, it was £10,500, that is to say, the Customs revenue had doubled itself in two years, a sure sign of increased commercial activity. " The trade returns of 1877 were not yet complete, but the exports and imports of last year would show a considerable an increase over those of 1876 as those of 1876 had over those of 1875. Take two articles alone on which the returns have been obtained, those of copra and sugar, the value of the amount of which exported stood thus: -Copra 1875, £34,947; 1870, £41,908 10s.; 1877, £66,355. Sugar-1875, £3245; 1876, £9036; 1877, £14,500. Nor had the great increase in the receipt from Customs been un- attended by a similar improvement in other branchesoftherevenue. The whole revenue of 1875 from every source only amounted to £16,433 that is to say, to less than was in 1877 received from Customs duties alone, the same Customs duties, substantially, let them mark, as in 1875. The total revenue of 1877 amounted to nearly £47,000, thus considerably more than doubling, in fact nearly trebling, the revenue of 1875, There were good hopes that in the present year the revenue would amount to more than £60,000." From another source we learn that the expenditure is out of proportion to the revenue ; but that still it is believed that there will be in future no difficulty in meeting the ordinary annual expenditure. The pecuniary assistance which the colony has hitherto received annually from the Imperial Government will not in the future be continued, but, fortunately, contemporaneous with this, the Colonial Government find themselves in a position to dispense with any such external aid. The sum set apart for " establishments" appears at first sight to be inordinately heavy including this year, for the first time, £5,470 for the Governor-but it is no doubt correct that in the early stage of the separate existence of a Colony in independence, the expenses of this nature are almost always out of proportion to its revenue. A contemporary writing on this point says : '* A notable instance is supplied by the West Indian Colony of Trinidad. Twenty years ago the revenue of that Colony only amounted to £70,000, and the establishments coat £-18,000. But they very little exceed that amount now, although the revenue of the island amounts to over £300,000. No doubt, in the course of time, history will repeat itself in Fiji." On this point, however, the Fijians are to be congratulated on their exceptional good fortune, if the following words of the Governor are borne out by the facts of the case. Speaking of the Civil Service Sir Author Gordon said :- "In 1875, every department of administration required organisa- tion from the foundation. "What an herculean work this had been none of those present knew, or ever would fully know. It would have been altogether impossible to accomplish what had been already done in this respect had it not been for the cordial and efficient help he had received from those employed under him. Whatever shortcomings there might still be, he could say for the public service of this Colony that no other British province of equal area and population and similar geographical character was governed so cheaply, or its affairs administered by so small a number of officers." If Fiji deserve and continue to deserve this encomium, it will prove itself the Colonial Utopia. It is to be hoped that it may keep itself clear of the canker worm of officialdom and red-tapeism which has been long gnawing at the core of the prosperity of some of the larger Colonies. An overgrown Civil Service has proved itself one of the greatest curses that can hang round the neck of a young Colony, stultifying its resources, and influencing its society for ill in no mean degree. In connection with the increase in the export of copra and sugar, the staple products of the islands, in itself a true sign of healthy progress, the Governor refers to the labour question. Three years ago the Colony was in this respect in the most deplorable condition. Thousands of workmen who had been temporarily imported, and who were entitled by their agreements to a return passage home, were being detained in the Colony for want of means for their conveyance, and their consequent discontent was proving a source of danger to the Colony. Now all have been satisfied, and their place has been supplied in a manner more likely to prove of permanent advantage by the importation of Polynesian immigrants. Tim has been going on rapidly and steadily ; though at first somewhat slowly and the labour market is now well and adequately supplied, whilst free from all check, regulation, or control. With reference to the resolution of the planters that it would be wise to supplement the Polynesian immigration by the introduction of Coolies from India everything is progressing favourably. The Agent-General is now in India, in treaty with the Indian Government for the carrying out of the scheme, and there is every prospect that this unfailing labour source will be opened up in a short time. The Governor, in referring to the advantage gained by the stoppage of the 'Frisco Mail steamers, uses a depreciatory tone which is hardly warranted by the facts of the case. Even if the boon were but a small one it was practically a gift to the young Colony.anddeserved recognition as such ; while the advantages of the five years' contract with the Australasian Steam Navigation Company would still be as apparent as before. The state of the Colony as regards safety of life and properly is referred to, and the Governor asserts that, whereas in 1873 there were large districts of the Colony where the authority of the Government was openly defied, and others where it was practically powerless, there is now no portion of it where the Government is not obeyed and respected. That the natives themselves are becoming valuable and good citizens is proved by their yearly increasing contribution to the general taxation, and that without any attempt at severity in the process of collection. In 1875 only £3,499 was derived from this source in 1876, £9,343 in 1877, £16,000 ; while during the present year it is expected that the revenue from native sources will reach £20,000. The increase in the Customs revenue is one of the strongest proofs of the vigour of trade, but this latter- increase is a proof of a far safer prosperity, in the future. In speaking of the working of the Land Titles regulations, the Governor regrets that they have not worked so well as he anticipated ; although the state of the land question is now far more settled than in 1875\. " He had heard," he continued, "the other day that English capitalists had bought the island of Naitaubi for £7,000. Did they think that three years ago capitalists resident in England would have invested in Fiji, or that such a price as £7,000 would have been obtained for Naitaubi Î Though less progress had been made in this important matter than he could have desired, still a very real and important progress there and been." The account of the position of the Colony, as a whole is a bright one, and one which bids fair to continue. With order reigning ; an industrious population, consisting in a large measure of the native element which is being gradually absorbed ; the prospontive"intro~ duction of a class of labour most fitted to answer Üiepurposesforwhichitisrequiréd,and increasing revenue both as regards imports and exports, the Colony is establishing itself upon a sound basis under a wise and judicious head, and may well anticipate a continuation, under such circumstances, of the same happy conditions, and of still further progression. The English Mail-The Assam with the English mails on board reached Melbourne yesterday morning at 8 o'clock. The Derwent with the Tasmanian portion of the mails left for Launceston at 10 o'clock. There will therefore be a delivery at the post office here this evening about 10 o'clock. A Hist Taken. We are glad to be able to conTl gratulate Government on having taken the initiative in a great reform long advocated, admitted by every Ministry to be necessary, but now for the first time carried into effect. We allude to the publication of the annual reports of Public Institutions, without waiting as hitherto the meeting of Parliament. On Tuesday, the 12th inst, and again on Tuesday, the 19th inst., we urged on Government the expediency of such a concession to public opinion, and we are glad that for once Ministers have notbeenfrightened by the bugbear of doing what the press has asked. We yesterday received, through the courtesy of the Colonial Secretary, the reports for 1877 of the Tasmanian Public Library, the Launceston Benevolent Society, and the Campbell Town Hospital, together with a Summary of Australian Statistics from 1873 to 1876 inclusive. Whether the information has been borrowed, or is a compilation by our own Statist is not said, but as it is issued by the Government Printer of Tasmania, the authenticity' of the statistics may be taken for granted. The beginning that made is a small one, but it is a welcome step in the right direction. The Cable Conference We learn that the Tasmanian Government recently made application to the South Australian Government, asking that the forthcoming conference might embrace international free trade and colonial defences. " The Chief Secretary of South Australia replied that it was not proposed by that colony to bring forward those questions, but that it would be open to the delegate from Tasmania to introduce them. It is therefore likely that the opportunity of the meeting of representatives of the colonies will be taken advantage of to suggest the additional subjects named as worthy of consideration. Economical, We do not know who profits by the inconvenience to which the public are put the Gas Company or the City Council but the very objectionable practice has been creeping on of not lighting the street lamps in certain localities till after dark. Besides several previous instances that might be named, Davey-street and a portion of Murray-street were not fit on Monday evening till 7 o'clock, and yesternight the lamps in lower Liverpool-street were not lit when the cabs and people were returning from the station, after the starting of the mail train. Hobart Town Gas Company -A special meeting of the shareholders of the above mentioned company was held at the Company's offices yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of electing a director in the place of the late Mr. John Murdoch. There were upwards of 40 shareholders present, the attendance being one of the largest since the company's formation. Mr T. Giblin was voted to the chair, and in opening the proceedings, stated that he was exceedingly glad to find so many shareholders present as indicating the great interest felt in the election of a new director. There were two candidates for the position, both being good men, and he should therefore content himself with inviting the shareholders to use their discretion and proceed to the ballot. The candidates were Messrs. Jno. Hamilton, and J. T. Robertson, and the election was by ballot, Messrs. C. Prettyman and W. H. Smith being appointed scrutineers. The ballot box was kept open for an hour, when the result was made known as follows Hamilton, 201 ; Robertson, 102. Mr. Hamilton was accordingly declared elected a director. The successful candidate briefly returned thanks, expressing his obligations to those who had supported him in the contest, and placed him in the position which he now occupies as one of the directors of the company. The interest in the contest had been embarrassed" by the friendly rivalry with which it had been carried on, and now that it had resulted in his favour he trusted that his efforts would be for the benefit of the company, and the shareholders generally. The proceedings then terminated. Theatre Royal There was a numerous attendance last evening on the occasion of the benefit ' of Messrs. Brown and Newland. A miscellaneous programme, similar to those previously performed, was gone through successfully, the comic portions in particular bringing into exercise all the risible faculties of those present. At the close of the performance two sovereigns and a number of articles were distributed, after which there were competitions for prizes for the best amateur sentimental and comic singers. Both events were intensely amusing, in consequence of the auditors showing their disapproval of the majority of the vocalists iii "an uproarious manner. The prices, each consisting of a purse containing coin, were, by the votes of the spectators, awarded to Thomas King for singing "Whip poor Will" (sentimental), and to Mr. Viney for rendering "My wife is so very thin" (comic). To-night a silver watch and chain which should prove an attraction are offered to the author of the best conundrum. Amusement in Brisbane. -Miss Clara Stephenson re-appeared at the Queensland Theatre, Brisbane, on the things. The Original Georgia -the company of which Kennedy is the agent and Mr. Hicks the leader have been playing in the same city for some time. Barlow's Circus. This talented troupe arrived in Launceston on Tuesday by the Corea, from Sydney, and intend giving a few performances. The company consist of nine clever performers, acrobats, etc., five performing ponies, four monkeys,, and five dogs. The Examiner mentions that the animals all arrived in first-rate condition, pone the worse for their sea voyage. St. George's Church.-Vesterdvy evening the Bishop administered the rite of confirmation at this church to twelve young people, of whom seven were females. Prayers were said by the Rev. G. Banks Smith, and the Lessons were read by the Rev. Mr. Power, who discharges the office of Bishop's Chaplain The Bishop addressed the catechumens twice ; his second address, which was very forcible and impressive, being founded upon the question of the young ruler, " What shall I do that I may inherit eternal life y" Many of the parents and friends of the confirmees were present, and they and the other members of the congregation appeared to be deeply interested in the service. The three hymns which were chosen for the service were very appropriate, and were effectively sung by the choir, many of the congregation joining in them, the tunes being well known to them, The Town Hall Services. There was not such; a large attendance last evening at the Town Hall as has been hitherto the rule since Mr. Varley's arrival, but those who heard him did so from the most favourable standpoint. The service was conducted in the usual manner, and Mr. Varley read the 13th chapter of St. John's Gospel (our Lord's promise of the Comforter) and 2nd chapter of Acts (the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles) as illustrative of his subject; which was as previously announced " The power of the Holy Spirit." The address was calm and judicious, yet intense in its earnestness, and was throughout free from anything that might jar in the treatment of the subject. We say, without prejudice, that, if Mr. Varley continues to deliver such addresses as that of last evening, free from those exuberance with which his name is now associated, no portion of the religious world of Hobart Town will have cause to regret his visit to the city. The address lasted longer than usual, but was heard with unfailing interest to its conclusion The proceedings terminated in the usual manner. The list of services for to-day are enumerated in our advertising columns. Good News for the Photographers Mr. Varley stated on Tuesday night that, at some places where he has preached, such a change has come over the faces of his converts, an expression of weariness and anxiety giving way to one of peace and joy, that he has advised them to go to a photographer's to have their portraits taken, the reception of the Gospel having so altered their countenances that their own relations would not recognize them. We have not space to notice nil Mr. Varley's eccentricities ; but as if his friends are to be credited with veracity, the number of his converts in Hobart Town is likely to be very large, it is only fair that we should give publicity to this fact, and so prepare our local artists for the rush that will presently be made upon their studios. Memorial Church, Brisbane-street. - We understand that the Organ Fund Committee' of the Congregational Church, Brisbane-street, have now a sum of about £400 in bonds, inclusive of subscriptions and interest, towards the cost of the organ. Steps are about to be taken with a view to obtaining the instrument, which, in addition to the many choral and congregational advantages it will confer, will no doubt materially improve the, acoustic properties of the beautiful church edifice which it is intended to adorn. Launceston Wesleyan Circuit. - From-the Examiner we learn that at the quarterly meeting of this circuit on Tuesday, it was decided that a valedictory tea meeting to the Revs. F. E. Stephen- son and Geo. Hey ward and Mesdames Stephenson and HoWard should he held next week. Two resolutions were passed-in expressing sincere appreciation of the Christian zeal and ability with which Mr. Stephenson had discharged his duties and the other regretting that the state of Mr, Hey ward's health compelled him to retire for a year, and testifying to the able and faithful manner he had done the work devolving upon him. Religious Service This evening, the Rev. A. W. Grant, of New South Wales, is to preach in the Baptist Chapel. On Sunday next, the Rev. J. G. Stobbs will preach, morning and evening, in St. John's Church, Macquarie-street. Alliance licensee public temperance meeting is to be held in this place to- night ; there will be music, readings, etc. The S tad Amsterdam. Some concern about this vessel appears to have been felt in Adelaide, for a telegram sent from there on Friday last to the press of other Colonies states that the Government had sent to Aden to inquire if there was any news-ot'-the-steamer. On Monday,- we published the information, kindly favoured by Mr. H. Perkins, that the Stad Amsterdam arrived at Port Said on the lGthiust. "Tasmanian Blankets. We were yesterday shown some exceedingly well-made blankets, got up in imitation of French blankets, and which have just been turned out of Messrs. Bulman, Johnston, and Co.'s Waverly Woollen Mills. The French article is of very fine quality, and realises a high price. The texture and appearance of the locally made blankets are quite as good, and they can be sold for about one-half the amount. It is believed that there is a good opening for the sale of blankets of this quality and price in the neighbouring colonies,- and if the firm continues to make an article like that we saw there can be no doubt of the success of their enterprise. Swan From Drowning Yesterday the well-known host of the Bird-in-Hand Hotel, Mr. Oldham, had occasion to call at Mackay's ship yard, and while standing on the punt lying off the yard, the cries of a boy who had charge of a child, that had somehow fallen into the water, were heard. On ascertaining the cause of the boy's distress, Mr. Oldham at once jumped into the water, and, reaching the child, saved it from drowning. This, we understand, is not the first time that Mr. Oldham has thus risked his own life to save that of others. Death by DrownING. Last night between 8 and '9 o'clock, the watchman on board the steamer ? Monarch observed a woman walk over the edge of the wharf, near to the Monarch, and fall into the water. The watchman at once gave information to constable Bellarine, and the latter having roused the Marine Board men they proceeded to the place where the woman had fallen in. Some time elapsed before they could see anything of her, but eventually the body was seen floating on the water, and was at once taken and conveyed to the General Hospital, where the House Surgeon pronounced that life was then extinct, the body, according to the medical officer's opinion, having been in the water about an hour. The deceased was a' stout woman of about forty-five years of age, respectably attired in a black dress and bonnet, and did not seem to have been in liquor at the time of the fatal occurrence, but rather appeared by the expression of her features to have been suffering from mental anxiety. She had a few pence in her dress pocket, but nothing to give any clue to her identity. , Extortionate Cabmen We are informed by a resident of Hobart Town of the following circumstance which bears upon it an appearance which is not at all creditable to our local Jarvies, and which seems to bear out the many complaints which are made from time to time by our visitors. Our informant arrived in town about six o'clock in the evening by the New Norfolk coach, and took a cab from the Albion Hotel, where the coach stopped, to his home. He then tendered the shilling which he was in the habit of paying from various parts of the town to the same place, but was asked for two shillings 2 and on enquiry was told by the boy cabman " We always charge double to people arriving by coach or steamer." In this instance the demand was not acceded to, but it is not pleasant to think how many unsuspecting visitors may have been fleeced in this manner, and have found out afterwards, during their stay, how in the language of Scripture, the cabmen saw that they were strangers, and took' them in." If the disingenuous reply of the youthful cabman is illustrative of a constant practice it is one that for the credit of the town should be at once resisted and enquired into. Charges against Cabdrivehs.-We omitted to state in our Police Court report, yesterday, that the charges against the cabmen who were brought before the Bench were laid by the police. Whenever the cabbies become unruly or transgress the law in any way and no proceedings are taken against them, the police are invariably blamed for negligence of duty, so that it is only just to give them credit when offenders of this class are brought before the court. ExcUR.SiON 'to New Norfolk The s. Monarch will make a pleasure trip to and from New Norfolk to-day, leaving the Franklin Wharf at 9 a.m. and returning in the evening. Hop-picking is now being carried on, and therefore those who wish to watch the pickers at work should take this opportunity. Merryman. Mr. Archibald Park, veterinary surgeon, returned from Claremont yesterday, and reported that Merryman is progressing very rapidly, and was in a much better condition than he could have anticipated. A Tasmanian Carman We learn from our Sydney exchanges that our old friend James Lynch has been gaining fresh laurels in the aquatic world. The Sydney Town and Country Journal in announcing the event said: A sculling match recently made between James Lynch and W. Downs appears to be attracting some attention in Professional circles, Lynch being a Tasmanian puller of some repute, and Downs has once before appeared as a sculler, when he easily defeated Baker. The same paper of Saturday last gives the result of the contest as follows t"On Saturday, 16th last., there was a large gathering of the waterside fraternity in expectation of seeing a good match between J. Lynch, a well-known professional sculler, and Downs, a man previously almost unknown in aquatic circles. The course was from Fort Denison round Goat Island and back. Lynch took up a lead immediately the start was given, and it at once became apparent that he could win with ease, and in the first half mile led by a long distance, when Downs gave up. The race was for £25 a-side." Intercolonial Papers By the s.s. Corea which arrived at Launceston on Tuesday we have received papers from New South Wales to the 23rd inst. Queensland to the 21st inst.; and New Zealand to the 15th inst. Letters Patent. The application for letters patent was yesterday granted to the following persons Mr. Alexander Graham Bell, of Boston, Mass., improvements in electric telephony, and Messrs. John Smith and Josiah Course, of Car shelton, Surrey, England, for improvements in machinery or apparatus for printing, bevel, and other gearing. ' Cut Football Club The annual meeting of this club is to be held at the Freemasons' Hall this evening, at 7.30. The Torres Straits Mail Service The Brisbane Courier of the 21st inst. writes We understand that the Government have been asked to reconsider their determination not to alter the terms and conditions of the Torres Straits mail service during the currency of the present) contract, and that Messrs. Bright Brothers, the local agents of the Eastern and Australian Steam Navigation Company, have received an intimation that the Executive have decided in favor of an increased subsidy being granted conditional upon an increased rate of speed being maintained. The. details of the company's proposal, and of the terms stipulated for by the Government, have not as yet transpired, but it may be Uopedfhat a satisfactory arrangement will be come to before Parliament re-assembles. We are informed that the report some weeks ago received by electric cable to the effect that the E. and A. Company was under voluntary liquidation, and a new company was in course of formation to carry on the mail contract, is incorrect. The report seems to have originated in the circumstance that a new issue of shares was recently made by the li. and A. Company for the purpose of extending its capital, Those shares were first offered to the shareholders in the company at about two-thirds their value, and were all taken up. It is the intention of the company to extend its business with the aid of this additional capital, and two new steamers are to be built for the China and Australian trade. Mrs: Scott-Siddons.-This lady was to re-appear in Sydney, at the Queen's Theatre, on Saturday last, in "Our Boys." Speaking of her colonial tour the Evening News writes :-"In Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania, her brilliant histrionic and social qualities have been widely recognised. She has assembled round her a company that gives her much better support than is usually accorded to the ' wandering stars' who visit ps. At Hobart Town, for three months, she played a great variety of high class dramas, and was thoroughly appreciated. She appears to have entered into those pleasant relations with her audiences which are the greatest triumph of an actress in a small community. She won not only intellectual appreciation, hut affectionate admiration, and her genial husband, whose good management contributes much to her success, shared her general popularity. We have no doubt that Mrs. Scott- Siddons will be just as successful in her mission' here. Mr. Creswick has done much, to spread the love of Shakspeare ;' and Mrs. Siddons, with her fascinating beauty, her stately presence, re.calling the days of tho-Jtcmblps, and her complete dramatic perception of her favourite character, will not find Sydney audiences less appreciative than those of Hobart Town. Mrs. Scott-Siddons is a thorough English lady as well as a great tragedienne, and Mr. Scott is an officer and a gentleman. Both have done their best to ennoble the stage, and have done their part to make it not only the means of amusement, but the mirror of nature and the school of manners." Fearful hurricanes cable message received in Sydney from Wellington gives the intelligence that news from Raratonga states that there has been a dreadful hurricane at Panmoto, which resulted in a loss of ,}00 lives. The island of Aura was completely swept. Houses, trees, and inhabitants are all gone. Several vessels have been lost. Queensland Item-!.-The latest news from Brisbane is to this effect :-His Excellency the Governor had a great welcome at Maryborough." 1500 children sang the national anthem. Triumphal arches were erected, and 5,000 persons turned out. The Governor in the afternoon laid the foundation stone of the new Anglican Church. The Government has decided that an ino eased subsidy shall be granted to the Eastern and Australian Steamship Company, conditionally on an increased rate of speed. The company are having two new steamers built. 