TALES. AMD ifCiTSHES. MACLEOD OF DARE.* By WILLIAM BLACK, Aunioit os V.TiiE Pkincess oz Thole,' &c.; CnAr'i'EB' 2XXYI.— The New Tjuoedy (Con But that evening, somo littlo time before din ner, it was proposed they should go for a Btroll down to tho shore; and then it was that Hiss White thought eLo would seize the occasion to lot Maclood know of hor arrangements for the coming autumn and winter. Ordinarily on such excursions, she managed to walk with. Janet -..uu.wUU «uu viu iaujf ui vuaiie .uaro seiuom ? joined them— leaving Macleod to follow with her fatter ; but this, timo she so managed it that Macleod and she left the house together. Was ho greatly overjoyed ? Thero was a constrained and anxious look on lm face that hadboon there too much of late. 'I suppose Oscar is more at homo here than in Bury-Blreet, St. James's?' said she, as tho hands'omo collio went down the path before thorn. . - 'No doubt,' said he, absently; he was not thinking of any collie. . ' What beautiful weather wo aro having,' said she, to this Bilcnt companion. ' It° is always changing, but aiwavs beautiful. Thero is' only one other aspbet I should like to see- tho , Bnow-time.' ' We havo not much snow here,' said ho. 'It ? seldom lies in the winter.' This was a' strange conversation . for two en gaged lovers; it was not much more interesting than thuir talk— how many agesago,?— atCharing Cross station. Bat then, when she had said to lira, ' Ought, wo to take tickets ?' she had looked into his face with those appealing, inno cent, beautiful eyes. Now her eyou aeror met his. She was afraid. She managed to lead up to her announcement skilfully enough. By the time they reached tho: shore an extraordinarily beautiful sunset was Buining over the sea and the land— something bo bewildering and wonderful that they all four stopped to lookat it. Tho Atlantic was a broad expanse of the palest and most brilliant green, with the pathway of the sun a flashing lino of gold coming right aoross until it met the rocks, and these wore a jet black against the glow. Then the distant islands of Oolonsay, and Staffa, and Lunga, and Fladda, lying on this shining green sea, appeared to he of a porfoetly. trans parent bronze; while nearer at hand the long ranges of. cliffs were becoming a pale rose-red under the darkening blue-grey sky. It was a blaze ot color such as she had never dreamed of as being possible in nature ; nothing she had as yet seen in these northern latitudes had at all approached it... And as she stood thero, and looked at those transparent islands oE bronze on the green sea, she said to him— ' Do you know, Keith, this is not at all liko tho place I had imagined as the scene of the gloomy stories you used to tell me about the ro. venges of the clans. I have been frightened once or twico since I came here, no doubt— by the wild sea and tho darkness of tho cathedral, and so forlh ; but the longer I Btay the less I see to suggest those awful stories. How could you as sociate such an evening as this with a frightful tragedy ? Do you think thoso people ever existod who wore supposed to havo suffocated, or slaugh tered, or starved to doath any one who oppoBod their wishes?' 'And I do not suppose they troubled them solves much about fine sunsets,' said ho. ' That wan not what they had to think ahout in thoso days.' 'Porhaps not,' said ' sho lightly ; ' bat you know, I had oxpectod to find a place from which I could gain somo inspiration for trngody— for I should liko to try, onco.fpr all— if I Bhould havo to give up tho stage— whotlior I had tho stuff of a tragic actresain mo. And you know, in that caso, I ought to dross in black volvot ; and carry a taper through dungeon? ; and got accustomed to storms, and gloom, and thunder and light* , ning.' ' Wo havo no appliances boro for tho oducation of an actress — I am very sorry,' said ho. ?Published by special ftriaujrcniait nU&tfee; author a. tlouta reserved. . . , , , ; , °:Kow, Keith, that is hardly fair,' said she* with a sruilo. 'You knon it ia bnlj a trial. And you saw what they said of my Juliet. Oh, did I tell' you about tho now tragedy that is cbni ing out?' : I' ^'No, I donot thinkyondid,'said he. . 'Ah, well, it is a great secret as yet ; but there is no reason why you should nob hear of it;' . . . ... \ . . . ' I am not anxious to hoar of it,' said he, with oat any rudeness, 'But it concerns mo,' b1iq said, 'and so I must tell you. It is written by a brother .of Mr. Lemuel, the artist I have often spoken to you about. He is by profession an architect ; but if this play should turn out to ba a.3 fine as some people say it is, he ought' to take to dramatic writing.- la fact all the Lemuels — tbcro are three brothers of thorn, you know— are liko Michaol Angelo. and Leonardo— artists to the finger-tipo, in ovory direction — poets, paintors, sculptors and all tho rest of it. And I do think I ought to feel flattered by their choice in asking me to play tho heroine : for so much depends on tho choico of the actress ? ' 'And you aro still to act ?' said ho, quickly, though ho spoke in a_low .voice, so that thoso be« hind should not hear. ' ' . , . ' Surely I explained to you ?' said she in a ploasant. manner. 'After all, life-long habits are not .bo easily cast asido ; and. I knew yon would be generous, and bear with me a little bit, Keith.' He turned to her. Tho glow of tho sunset caught his face. There was a strange, hopeless sadness in hia oye3. ' Generous to you ?' said he. ' You know I .7ould givoyou mylifo if .that would serve you. But this is worst] than taking my life from me.' ' Kcitb, Keith !' said she, in gentle protest, ' I dou't know what you mean. You should not take things so seriously. What is it after all 7 It was as an actress that you knew ma first. What is the difference of a few months more or Ices ? IE I had not been an actress,you wouldnover havo known me— do you recollect tbat? By tho way, has Major. Stewart's wife got a piano ?' , He turned and stared at bor for a second, in a bewildered way. :?'??? 'Ob, yes,' Eaid he, -with a Iaueb,. ' Mrs. Ste wart has got a piano. She has got a very good piano. And what is the song ycu would sing now, sweetheart? Shall wo finish up and have done with it, with a song; at. tho end? ;That is the way in the theatre, you know — a; danc.0' and a song as the people go* ? And what Bhall our song be now? There was one that Norman Ogilvio used tosing.' ?'. ?. ? ? - ' ' I don't know why you should talk to mo like that, Kcitb,' said ahe^ though she seemed Eomewbat frightened by his fierce ..gaiety.', 'I vras going to tell you that ~ if Mrs. Stewart had a piano, I; would very iiladly sing one of two songa for your mothor and Miss Macleod when we went over there to-morrow. You have fre quently asked me. Indeed I havo brought with me the very songs I sung to you the first time I saw you— at Mrs. Ross's.' : . IuBtantly his. memory flew back to that day— to the ho.3hed littlo room over the sunlit gardens —to tho beaulitul, geutle, sensitive girl who seemed to have so strange an interest in tho Highlands—to the wonderful thrill tbat went through him when she began to sing with an ex quisite pathos 'A weo bird cam' to our ha' door'— and to the proudor enthusiasm that stirred him when she sang '--HI Jo LocbieJ, and Appin, and kneel to them I' These wore fine, and tender,. and proud songa. ; There was no gloom about them— jiothing about a grave and tho dark winter-time, and a faithless lost lore; This song of Norman Ogilvio's that ho had gaily proposed they should sing now ? What had Major Stewart, or his wife, or any ono in Mull to do with 'Death's Black wine?' )':! 'r ! . .. ', 'I meant to toll you^ Keith,' said she, some what nervously; ' that I had signed an. engage ie«ni to remain at tho Piccadilly Theatre till Chnstmtumoxt. I know you wduldn't mind— I mean, you wouia b^considorate, 'and you would understand how difficult) it i, for ono to break away froin one's old association's, j^g tnen you know, Keith,' said aho, shyly, ' thotfgh yoa may not liko the theatre, you ought to be prouil of my success, as oven my friends and acquaint ances are. And as they are all anxious to. see mo make another appearance in tragedy, I really should liko to try it; so that when : my portrait appears in the Academy next year, people may notbe saying, 'Look at the impertinence of that girl appearing as a tragic a'ctres3 whon she can do nothing beyond the familiar modern comedy !' I should bavo toldyou all about it before, Keith, but I know you bate tb bear any talk about the theatre ; and I shan't bore you again, you may depend on that. Isn't it timo to go back now ? See ! tbe roso-color is away from Ulva now ; it is quite a dark purple.' ? Ho, turned in Bilenco and. led I ho way back. Behind them he could faintly hear Mr.* White discoursing to Janet Macleod about tho man ner in which the old artists mixod their own pig ments. ''?'.? Then Macleod said with a great gentleness and restraint, — ? ' And when you go away from hore, Ger trude, 1 suppose I must say good-bye to you ; and no one%knowa, when we shall see each other again. You are returning to tho theatre. If that is your wish I would not try to thwart it. You know best what is tho highest .prize tho world can givoyou. And how can I warn you against failuroand disappointment? I know you will be successful. I know tho people will applaud you, and your head will bo filled with their praises. You aro going forward to ft new triumph, Gcrty ; and tho first Btop you will tako— will bo on my heart,' CiiAi-TKn XXXVII.— An Understanding. 'Pappy doar,' said Miss Whito to hor father, in a playful way, although it was a sorious sort of playfulness, ' I havo a vagu'o feeling that thero ia a littlo too much electricity in tho atmosphoro of this placo just at present. I am afraid tboro may bo an explosion ; and you know my norvos oan't stand much of a shock. I should bo glad to gotj away.' , ' By this time nho had quite mado up that littlo difference with her father— aho did not chooso to bo loft alono at a somewhat awkward crisis. She had' told him sho was sure ho had not meant what ho said about her ; and abo had expressed her sorrow foi1 having provoked him ; and. thero an end. And if Mr. White had been driven , by his anger to bo1 fo» the ?? moment tho ally of Maclcod, ho was not disinclined to tako the other side now and let Miss .Whito havo her own will. Tho vast amount of training ho had bestowed on her through many long years was notto bo thrown away after all. ???..??? ' 'I -told him last night,' said sho, 'of my having sigued an engagement till Christmas next.' . ? ;,; '?.'???? ' Ob, indeed,', said her'fathor, quickly look ing at hor over hia spectacles. ' Yes,' said sho, thoughtfully, 'and ho was not so disturbed or angry as I had expected. Not at all. Ho waa very kind about it. But I don't understand him.' ' What do you not understand ?' ' Holm' grown' so etiango of lato-so sombro. Once, you know, he was tho lightest- hearted young man— cnjoyiDg every minuto of his life, you know— and really, pappy, 1 think — ? — ' And here MisB White stopped. 'At all o'vents,' said sho, quickly, ' I want to bo in a less dangerously excited atmosphere, where I can sit down and consider matters calmly. It wa3 much' better when ho and I corresponded ; then we could fairly learn what each other thought. Now I am almost airaid of him — I mean I am afraid to ask him a question. I havo to keep out of his way, And if it comes to that,, pappy, you know,' I fool now as if I was called on to act a, part from morning till night, wheroaa I was1 always assured that if I loft the stage and married him it was to bo my natural self and I Bhould have no more need to pose and sham, However, that is -an old quarrel between you and me, pappy'j and wo will put it aside. What's more to tho purpose ib this — it was half understood tbat when we loft Castlo Dare, ho was to come with us through at least a part of tho High lands.' ' ? 'Thero was a talk of it.'' 'Don't you think,' said Miss White, with somo littlo hesitation, and with her eyes cast down, 'don't you think that it would bo— a littlo inconvenient — ?' 'I should say that was for you to decide,' ho anflwered, somewhat coldly; for it was too bad that she should bo continually asking his advico and then openly disregarding it. . ?-??-. 'I should think it would'bo a little uncomfort- ablo,1' Blie said, deruuroly. 'I fancy be1' has taken' that engagement till Christmas a littlo more to heart than he chooses to reveal — that is natural— I knew it would be a disappointment— but then, you k'nowy pappy; tho temptation' was very great, and I; had- almost promised tho Lemuels to do what I cbuld; for tho pieco. And if I am to give up tho. atago, wouldn't .it boi 'fino to wind up with a blaze of fireworks to astonish thepublic?' ? ' ' 'Are you so certain you will astonish tho public )?' her father said. ' 'I havo tho courago to try,'' sho answered, readily, ' And you aro not going to throw cold water on my endeavors, aro you, pappy? Well, as I was saying, it ia perhaps natural for Sir Keith Macleod to feel a bit annoyed; and I am afraid if he went on travelling with us, we should be continually skating on the odga of a quarrel. Besides, to toll you tho truth, pappy=— with all his kindness and gentleness, thoro is sometimes about him a sort of intensity that I scarcely liko — it makes mo afraid of him. If it were on the stago, I- should aay it wag a splendid piece of acting— of the 'Suppressed' vehement kind, you know ; but really— during1 a-holiday-timoj when ono naturally wishes to enjoy th'o fino weather and gather strongth forono'a work — well, I do think he ought not to corao witti us, pappy.' 'Very well, you can hint as much without being rude.' 'I was thinking,' Baid she, ' of the Mr. and Mrs, Baldwin who woro in tbat Newcastle com pany, and who went to Aberdeen^ Do you romember them, pappy V' ' The low comedian, you mean ?' 'Yes. Wei), at all events, they would be glad to soo us. Ami so — don't'you think?— wo could ldt Macleod' understand tllat wo wcro going to soo some friends in tho north ? : Then ho would not thinKof coming with us.' ' Tho fSpVewntatiori would scarcely be justifi able,' observed Mr. 'Wlilta^ wiih a profound air, 'in ordinary circumatances, Dot, as you say it would be neither for his comfort or for youT».$hafc ho should go with us.' ''Comfort !' sho exclaimed. 'Much comfort I havo had since I camo horo ! Comfort I call quiet, and being let alono. Another fortnight at this placo would giva me train-fovor — your lifo contiuually in danger either on tho sea or by tbo cliffs— your feelings supposed to be always up at passion pitch— it is all a whirl of secret or doskred emotions that don't give you a moment's rest. Oh, pappy, won't it be nice to havo a day or two's quiet ia our own homo, with Carry and Marie. And you know Mr. Lemuel will bo in town all the summor and wintor. Tho matorial for his work ho finds within himself. He doesn't need to scamper off like tho rest ot them to hunt out picturesque peasants and studies of watorfalls —trotting about tho' country with noto-book in hand ? ' ' Gerty, Gcrty,' said her father, with a smile, 'your notionaarounformed on that subject. What havo I told you ofton?— that tho artist is only a reporter. Whothcr ho- uses tho poncil, or tho pen, or his own faco and voico to express tho highest thoughtB and emotions of which ho is conscious, lie ia only a roportor— a penny-a-liner whoao words aro written in firo. Aud you— dou't you carry your note- book too? ' ' I was not comparing myself with an artist liltu Mr. Lemuel, raPPy. No, no. Of courso I havo joy eyes npou, and picli up things that may bo useful. His work ia tho work of^ intense spiritual contaniplation— it ia inspiration ? ' ' No. doubt,' tho father said, ' tho inspiration of Botticelli.' ' Papa !' Mr. Wbito chuckled to bimsolf. Ho was not given to joking : an epigram wr.a not in conso uauco with bis, high Bcntoutiousncss. But instantly ho resumed his solemn deportment. ' A picluro la as much :i part of tbo world as a human faco: why should I not tnko my inspira tion from a picture aa wall as from a human, faco 3' 'You moan to say ho is only a copyist— a' plagiarist !' she said, with some indignation, 'Not at all,' said ho. 'All artist? Lavo their methods founded -moro or less-, on tho methods of thoso who havo gono before thorn. YvU don't expect an artist to discover for himself an entirely how principlo of art, any moro than you expect him to paint in pigments of his own inven tion. Mr. Lemuel has been a diligent student of Botticelli— tbat is all.' Tbis strange talk amid the awful loneliness and grandeur of Glon-SIoich ! They w'ero idly walking along tho rough road :? farabovo thorn : roso the giant slopes of tho mountains retreating into heavy masses of cloud that wore moved by tho 'currents of tho morning wind. It was a groy day ; and tho fresh- water lake hero was of a' leaden hue ; and tho browns aud greensof tho mountain-side woro dark and iutense. Thero was no sign of human life or habitation ; there was no bird singing ; tho deer wero far away in tho unknown valleys abovo them, hidden by tho mystic cloud-phantoms. Thoro was an odor of swoet-galo in tho air. The only sound was tho murmuring of tho streams that wero pouring down through these vast solitudes to tho sea. And now they reached a spot from whence, on taming, tliey caught sight of the broad plain of tho Atlantic— all wind-swept and whito. Aud tho sky wa3 dark and low. down : though at ono place tho clouds had parted, and tbcro was a- glimmor of blue as narrow and keen as tho odgo of a knife. But thoro wcro showers about; for Iona was invisiblo, and Staffa was faintly groy through the passing rain ; and Ulva was almost black as tbo storm approached' in its gloom. Botticelli ! Tho3e men now in that small lug-sailod boat— far away off tho point of Gometra— a tiny dark thing'apparently loat every second .or so amid tho whito Atlantic surgo~and wrestling hard with the driving wind and sea to reach tho thundering and foam- filled cavcrna of Staffa— they wero not thinking much of Botticelli. Keith Macleod was in that boat. Tho evening beforo Miss Wbito had oxpressed somo light wiah about sorao trifle or other ; but had laughingly said that she must wait till' sho got back to the. region of 8hop3. Unknown to her, Maclcod had sot off to intercept tho steamer : and ho would goon board and get hold of tho steward ; and would the steward bo so kind as to hunt about in Oban to see if that trifle could not bo found ? Macleod would not entrust' so important a , messago to any ono olso : ho would himself go out to meet the Pioneer. . 'Tho sky is becoming very dark,' Mr. Whito. said, ' wo bad bettor go back, Gerty.' But beforo they had gono far, tho first heavy drops wore beginning to fall, and they were glad to run for refugo to some groat groy boulders which' lay in tho moist moorland at tho foot of tho mountain-slopes, 'in tho leo of theso rocks they were in comparative safety ; and thoy waited patiently until tbo gale. of wind and rain should pass over. And what . wero thoso atrango objects that- appeared in the grey mists far along the valloy ? Sho touched hor ? father's arm— sbo did not speak ,' it was her first sight of a herd of red- deer, and as tho deor had doubtless been startled by a shepherd or his dog they woro making across thoglen at agood speed. First camo tho hinds, running almo3t:in Indian. filo, and then with a longer stride camo ono or twostaga, their autlercd heads high in tho air, as though they wero lis tening for sounda bokind them and sniffing tbo wind in front of them at tho £amo time. But so far away were they tbat thoy were only blurred objects passing through tho rain-mists ; they passed across like swift ghosts; thero was no sound heard at all. And then the rain ceased, and tho air grow warm around thorn. They camo out from the shadow of tho rock — behold ! a blazo of hot sun on tho moist moors, with a sudden odor of bracken, and young heather, and sweet-galo all about them. And tho sandy road quickly grew dry again ; and thohoavens opened ; and thero was a Hood of sunlight falling on that rushing and breezy Atlantic. They walked back toDaro. ' Tuesday, then, shall we say, pappy ?' sho re marked, just buforo entering, 'Very well.' ' And wo aro goiag to sco somo friends in Aberdeen.' . ? . ' Very well.' After tbis Mis3 Whito beoamo a great deal more cheerful ; and sho was very complaisant to ilioni all at luncheon. And quito by acci dent slid asltod Maclcod, who bad returned by thiB time, whethoi thoy talkod Scotch in Abordeon, ' Because, you know,' said Bhe, 'one should always ho learning on one'a travels ; and many a timo I have heard people disputing about tho pronunciation of tho Scotch ; and one ought to bo able to read Burns with a proper accent. Now you bavo no Scotch at all hero ; you don't say ' my dawtie,' and ' ben tho hoose,' and ? twist tho gloaming and tho mirk.1 ' ' Oh, no,' said ho, ' wo havo nono of tho Scotch at all, except among tbosa who havo been for a timo to Glasgow or Grecnock ; and our own language, tho Gaelic, i3 unknown to strangers ; and our way of speaking English— that is only mado a thing to laugh at. And yet I do not laugh at all at tho blunders of our people in a strango tongne. You may laugh at us for our way of speaking English— tho accent of it ; but it is not fair to laugh at tho poor people when they will be making mietafces among tho vorbs. Did you over hear of tho poor Highlander who was asked how ho had been employing himself, and, after a long timo, bo said ' I was3 for troo years a borring-fisb, and I wass for four months or three months a broko stono on tho road V Per haps tbo Highlanders aro not very clever at pick ing up another language ; but all tho sarno tbat did not prevent their going to all parts of Ibo world and fightinjr tbo battles of other people. Ami do you know that in Canada thero aro de scendants of tho Highlanders who went thero in tho last century — and they nro proud of their namo and their history— and they havo a words that woro used at F.ilkiik and Culloikn— but thcio Maenivbs and Mackays and Cameron*, thoy sponk ouly French ! But I think, if they bavo Highland blood iu them, and if they wcro to hear tho Fuilie Phi-ions* t played on tno pipes, they would Tccogniso that langu.tge; And why woro you asking about Aberdeen V, ' That is not a Highland but aScotcb way-ol1 answering my question,' s.iid sbo, smiling-. ' Ob, I bog your pardon,' £ai;l he, hastily, '?' but indeed 1 havo never been to Aberdcon, and I do not know what it is Ui&y; sneak there, but I : should say it waslikoly to be' a mixturo of Scotch and English such as all the big towm? have*. ' I do not think it ia a Highland- place, like Invert ncs3.' ' Now I will answer your question,' said she. 'I asked you becauso 'papa and I propose to go thero before reCurnini? to ' Eug land ? .' ? How quicklytho light fell from his face '}?',, ,: '- — tho fact ig- wo havo some friendk- the re.' - Thero was a silence. Thoy all felt that; it was for Macleod to speak ; and they may. havo been guessing as to what was passing in hia.' mind. But to their surprise he said, in almost, a,' gay fashion — ' Ah, well, you know thoy accuso us Highland folk of being rather too importuuato as hoata ,',. but ho will try not to harass you ; and if yon-, havo friends in Aberdeen, it would not bo fair to. bog of you to loavo them asido this time., Bui suroly you aro not thinking of going to Abordoon,. yot, when it is many a placo you havo yot to SCO. about here. I was to take you in tho Umpire tO/ Skyo ; and wo had many a talk about tho Lowi« too.' 'Thank you very much,' said sho, demurely,/ ' I am safe you havo boen most kind to us ; bu^ —tho fact is— I think wo must loavo on Tues day,' 'On Tuesday !' Baid he ; but it was; only. foe. an instant tbat ho winced. Again ho roused, himself— for he was talking in the presence of hi*, mother aud tho cousin Jauot— ' You havo nod., been quite fair to us,' said ho, cheerfully, 'yo»K havo not given yourself timo to make ow. acquaintance. Are you determined to go away as you carao, tho Fionaghal ? But then, you, know, Fionaghal camo and stayed among us, be«-! foro sho began to write her songs about tho western isles; and tho next timo you como, thafi must bo for a longer time, and you will got t«- know U3 all bettor, and wo will not frightenvi you any moro by taking you on tho sea at night! or into the cathedral-ruins. Ah !' said bo, withj a smile lighting up his face— but it was a conv. strained gaioty altogotbor. 'Do I know now/; why you aro hurrying away so soon ? You want; to avoid tbat trip in tho Umpiro to tho islands where I used to think I would hku my gravo tor 'Keith J' said Lady Macleod with a frowDiV ' How can you ropoat that nonaeuBO ) Miag Whito will think you aro mad !' : . 'Ib was only an old fancy, mother,' said- he,, gently. ' And wo woro thinking of going out tdt: ono of tho Troahniah islands, anywuy. Surolyf it is a harmless thing that a man should cboos& out tho placo of hia own grave, so long as he doJBfl not want to bo put into it too soon.' ? . ' ,; ' It will bo timo for you to apeak of such.! things thirty years hence,' said Lady Mucleod. ? ' Thirty ycaw is a long time,' said bo ; and:: then ho addod, lightly, ' but if wo do not j-o ou^f to tho Tresbnish islands we must go somewhoro: else boforo thoTuosday ; aud would you go rounds toLochSunart now ; or shall wo drivo youto?.; morrow to see Glen More and Loch Buy ? and.) you must not leavo Mull without visiting ourt beautiful town— and capital— that isToberaiory,'^ Every one was quito surprised and plensod t»' find Macleod taking tho sudden departure of his* sweetheart in this fashion ; it showd that h«J bad abundant confidonco iu tho future. And il- Miss Whito had hor own thoughts about tbcmaW tcr, ih was at all events satisfactory to her thap outwardly Macleod aud sho wero parting on good' terms. But that ovaning ho happenod to find her alono for a few momenta ; and all tho forced'1 cheerfulness had left his ejos, and tbcro w a dark look there— of hopeles? anxiety and pai»^ 'I do not. wish to forco you, Garty— to perse*1' cutoyou,' Baid he. 'You aro our gucar. Bttfi beforo you go away, cannot you give ine- on&' dotinito word of promise and hope— only- ony word T ? -- ' I am qnilo sure you don't want to persecute' me, Keith,' said sho, ' but yon should re mem. ? heir thoro is a long time ot waiting before us, andP there will bo plonty of opportunity for explaining' and arranging everything whon wo bavo loisuro; to write ? ' : ' To writo !' ho exclaimed. ' But I am' corningto boo you, Gorty ! Do you think I coold go through another series of long months, withv' only those letters, and letters, and letters to break'- ono's heart ovor ? I could not do it again, Gerty; - Aod when you bavo visited your friends in AborV deen, lain ccinipg to London,' ' Why, Keith, tLerfl is ths ahooting !' 'I do not think I shall try Iho shooting tins' year— it ia an anxiety — I cannot havo patience with it, I am coming to London, Gerty.' 'Ob, very well, Keith,' 3aid 6ho, with an! affectation of chocrful content, ' then there ia no uso in our taking a solemn gool-byo juat now— is.' there? You know how I Into scenes. And wo shall part very good friends, shall wo not ? And' when you corao to Landon, wa shall make np all our little differences, and h:\ve everything on a cloar understanding. Is it a bargain ? Hera1' comes your cousin Janot— now show her that wa are pood friends, Kcilh I And for goodness' sake' don't say that you mean to give up jonr shooting! tbis year ; or sho will wonder what I have mntJo1 of you, Givo up your ihooting ! Why, a woman! would as scon give up ber risht of boiogincenw prahensiblo aud whimaicil ani capricious— h'cr right of teasing people, as I very much fear Ihivo been teasing yon, Ktfith. Bat it will ba all sot right when you couie to L?udon.' \ Ami from thsit moment, to the moment of her departure, Misa Whito seemed io breathe uiera freely, and sho took lew care to avoid Ktjtb STafrp Icod in hor daily walks and ways. Thero was at last quito ft £-»d uru!«si.\n3icg twlwe«u them* aa the poop!o arvjund iras^iu?^. It is toUt that an uptown sare»nt mai J, think* tug to ncmplua tho milkman who serves Utft fimilj with which aha risiJcj, said tiS him : UX found a tillv iu tha milt this nsornipjr. How, i2a- you account for that?' Ho wns equal to thaoi^ cuicn, fcr he immodiv.olr replied: ''T!»erj-,- that— old brinJlo cow has b*«i swimmiag tho cicci sgoiu,' — A'iiiJi.'oa ^VoecwfH 