WESTBROOK AREA. : [FEOSt A COBEESrOXDENT.] August 26. WHAT SHALL "WB DO ?-No SIGNS OF RUN DISHEARTENED-WHAT THE CATTLE EAT THE WELL- THE GHOST OP A STORM-"WHAT IS "WAKTBD. . ? No signs of rain. > What snail wo ao : wnat will be.the end of it? Such is the general salutation here when two neighbours meet. And really it is . beginning to look seri ous. I think if settlers hero had con ceived twelve months ago that there "Would be no relief up to this time they would have git en up disheartened, but hope and expecta tion kept them struggling on. For the last four weeks there has been a continuance of high,dry, westerly winds, with a sun hotenough to frizzle np the very stones. A few evenings back our hopes were raised. After an unusually hot day, towards sundown ominous clouds rolled up 'from the north-west. They rolled over us thick and black with a great flourish of the heavenly elements: but, as usual, it only proved the ghost of a storm, with just enough rain to swear by, so that we soon fell into our former low state of despondency-perhaps a state lower for repeated disappointments. . A8 regards the crops, wheat or barley, sowed early, in old well fallowed ground, is looking fairly well, and with rain soon would be a good crop, but what was sown in new ground ploughed within the last twelve months, of which there was a considerable area, is a total failure. As for sheep and cattle, I never thought they could live so long on nothing. Curiosity caused me to open the stomach of a dead beast, and I fonnd it to be filled to uncomfortable [ tightness with rotten stalks of old wirey grass j that commenced to grow for the first time some seven years ngo, and which were about as easy to digest as chopped sticks. Our water supply is failing fast; springs which were good up to now are going dry. The well I mentioned in my last was handed over to the Government to-day. At the depth of 104 feet the spring is little more than able to meet the contract allowance-10 feet in the twenty-four hours. Now, sir, the effect of this weather is that a quantity of the roots of the natural grass are taken out of the ground, and, in my opinion, it will take some years for it to get as thick as it was. 