BACHEL LINDSAY. ' fCIIAJIBEKS'S joubju-L.J ' Towards tho end of November, about two years ago, I received the following curt note from my brother Donald, who like myself is a sheep-farmer in Sonth Australia : — " My dear Jerry, — lizzie sends her love, and hopes to see you when your shearing is over, on usual. If you'Il aay what day, I'll fetch you from Ballarat. — i ours affectionately, " Dos Gardiner." "N.B. — Just begun to wash the wool. Lizzie's sister sayB she has seen my ap paratus at Conoliy's, but I don't think it. AskConolIy." Conolly was a neighbor of mine, and ho chancod to have brought me Don's letter, and to bo lighting hi3 'pipe at my elbow while I read it. "Conolly," said I, "do yon know any of Mrs. Gardiner's sisters! She has an un limited number, I believe, for I have met a fresh one — sometimes two fresh ones— every Christmas for about half-a-dozen years, and . here is still another I never heard of. Sho appears to be acquainted with you and this neighborhood — "0 yes ; that's Cinderella," interrupted' Conolly, as he abstracted a bnndle of news- , papers from our joint post-bag, and began to rip tho wrapping from them. "Haven't you seen Cinderella ? She was never out of Tasmania, I snppose, until last spring, when she was staying up here with the Macdonolds, The Macdonald girls colled her Cinderella because she had always been the one to stay at home and keep house while the others went about. Her proper name is Rachel. "0 Jerry, Jerry'.' he broke out euddenly, laughing in what seemed to me a very ofien- eive manner (my proper name I may mention being Gerald), "your eistor-in-law Lizzio will bo too many for you. She won't let you escape thie time. She has kept Raohol as her last card." " If ever I marry a woman with such a name as that, I hope I shall be a henpecked husband for the rest of my life !" I retorted angrily. Sly brother Donald's wife Lizzie was as cotid and kind a little' woman as ever, breathed, but, like many young wives in happy circumstances, she was a matchmaker. And being impulsive, effusive, nnd not quite —what shall. I, call it? I don't like 'to say she was not 'quite a lady, but that would suggest my meaning — she did not pursue her calling with that "taot and judgment which its delicate nature required. I need not say more, except that she had a number of spinster sister and one only bachelor relative, who lived all by himself in Bingle blessed- nesa on his own fine and thriving property, eud that I was that male victim. 1 bog par don of all the Misses Lindsay for using such a term — I was not a victim as far as they wero concerned. But I did feel it hard that 1 should be laughed at wherever I went as the captive knight of half-a-dozen fair ones, when I bad never had the choosing of one of theih. When I received the above letter I had just seen my last wool-bale packed on tho Inst kullockdray and started on its slow jour- ney to 'Melbourne ; and the day after I sot off myself on my yearly visit to Don. He was less fortunate in respect oi sheep- shearing than I, for, living in nn exceptionally cool district, where an ex ceptionally wet and wintry spring had kept everything behindhand, he had Btill all his troubles to come. I thought of that as I buttoned myself into my Ulster, which I was glad of that cold morning, though Christmas was only a month off ; and I reflected that I should bo the only unem ployed man at the disposal of the household until the 8hearing was over, and foresaw (as 1 thonght) the consequences. I made up my mind, however, that I would defy Lizzie's machinations in a more systematic manner thnn heretofore. May I be -forgiven for so priggish a determination. It was midnight before I reached Ballarat, whero.Don usually met me ; but upon this occasion I found a telegram stating that he was too busy to leave his farm, and would send for me next day. So I had one game of pool at the clnb and went to bed ; and next morning enjoyed an hour or two over newly-arrived English papers and periodicals, and a solitary lunch ; and then the familiar old ramshackle buggy and the beautiful horses Don was famed formado their appear ance, and I set off on tbo last stage of . my journey. When I arrived at my destination it was dark and raining heavily ; and the groom who opened the stable-gate told mo that my brother' had not long come up from the wash-place and was interviewing shearers at the hut. I was wet and muddy, so I went straight to my room without oven asking for my sister-in-law, who was usually in her nursery at that hour, and proceeded to make myself respectable for dinner. Presently I heard Don about tho passages (the house was "weatherboard" and the paititions extremely thin) asking the ser vants where I was ; and then his head and a half-bared neck appeared in the narrow aperture between my door and the door post. "Glad to see yon, old boy ; but I'm too dirty to come in," said he. " Seen Lizzie ?" Not yet." " Seen Bachel ?" "Not j'et. But I say, old man, would you miud tolling me how many more sisters' you've got ? " "No more," said Don with a grin. "She's the last one, and she's the best of them all." t " Then I hope I may be allowed for once to enjoy tho society of one of Lizzie's sisters in a friendly way," I grumblingly responded (for I may as well admit that Don and I had had confidence of old on this sub ject). " Don't you think you could give Lizzie a notion that I don't mean to get married, or that 1'vo a sweetheart rip the country, or something of that sort?" " Not I," rejoined my brother, laughing. " I'm not going to spoil her fun, poor littlo soul ; you're old enough to take caro of your self." And with that he went off whistling cbcorfully to his bedroom. IVben I had completed my toilet, I ga thered up some boxes of choice cigars that I had been purchasing in town, and carried them to the door of the adjoining apartment, which had been Don's smoking-room ever since 1 bad known it. To my surprise, the bolt ehot sharply as I touched the handle, and I heard a rustle of drapery inside. A housemaid coming along with lamps for the dinner-table called out hastily: " 0 sir, that is Miss Rachel's room now. The smoking room is at the end of the verandah, where Alias Carry slept last year. Mre. Gardiner wished it to be changed because she didn't like the smell of tobacco so near the bedrooms." I took back my boxes, thinking no more abodt it, and went on to the drawingroom, which was full if light and warmth and comfort, as' usual, and whero I found two of my little nieces sitting demurely on a sofa in their best frocks, ready to rush into my arms. Lizzie came hurrying in after me, rosy and radiant, and with plenty of tlonnces and colors about her, and gave me hor own enthusiastic welcome ; and then Don spruoe \- and perfumed, joined as. Don, in his early- years had been a dandy, and a little yonthful weakness remained in him still. He never dinner without rings on his fingers and subtle odors in his olothes ; and he .was at great pains to keep a pair of Dundreary trhiflkera accurately adjusted on each side of njgsely shaven ohin. He had been ten in the Bosh, and had never objected to ""roughing" it in a general way; but he persisted jn shaving himself every morning, rati what would happen ; Which singular habit in an. Australian country gentleman very'much puzzled his bearded friends. I for one used to qnit him as well as I knew how, when I saw him swathe HiB neck in a hand kerchief before going out to his work, if the sun Bhone too strongly ; bat I respeot his little vanitiesnowadnys, and hope he will keep bis white throat and his Dundreary whiskers as long sS he lives, bless bim. He took one of his little girls on his knee, and questioned me about my station matters and about Conoliy's sheepwash (which was not so well furnished with improvements as his own, much- to his satisfaction); and Lizzie gave ine an account of the development of her respective children since I had seen them last, including the cutting of the baby's teeth ; and then the dinner-bell rang. " Where's'Raehel ?" inquired Don. I turned a languid ey o upon tho door when we heard tho sonnd of a distant rustle, ex pecting to see one of the smart and smiling damsels I was so used to, and wondering wjiether this one would be dark or fair. "With a slow and quiotBtep she came along ' the hall and- entered the room, and my ' heart began suddenly to beat in a vory un- \- pleasant manner. She had a delicate, thoughtful, but piquant face, wavy brown hair modestly and becomingly set, and a slight figure daintily dressed in pale blue Bilk; with a little white lace about the throat, and arms ; and yet she/was the image of Mario Antoinette! in Delatocbe's piotute, only'wilh a .more majestic dignity oE car. riage, if that could be, and a more cold and calm disdain upon her face. As soon as I saw hc-r. sud felt the exceedingly faint ac- knowl-.-'igijent she vouchsafed when we wero formally introduced, 1 intuitively guessed — with a horrible sense of shame and mortification — that she had overheard what I said to Don in my bedroom through those card-paper walla ! I never thought I should feel so concerned at standing ill with ono of Lizzie's sisters as 1 fejt before that evening cam'o to an end. All through dinner I saw, withont looking, offended dignity in the poise of her head and the studied repose of hfcr manner, and beard tho ring of it in every inflection, of her voice, though it was so subtle and delicate that only a guilty con science could detect it. It was a great deal . worse in the evening, when Lizzio began her fussy little contrivances for throwing us together. Tho poor little woman never had so impracticable and aggravating a sister to manage ; and I never met one who attempted to treat me with such open indifference and thinly-veiled contempt. It is unnecessary for mo to state the consequences. I began to interest myself in this Miss Lindsay as I had never interested myself in the others. I began to hanker for her good opinion, as I had never hankered for theirs. I longed to set myself straight with her, and beg her forgive ness for a thoughtless insult that I would have given worlds to recall, and to feel that the tVay was open between 'us to meet and asscciato as friends. This longing grew apace as tho evening wore on, but the pros pect of its gratification grow less and loss. Until the little ones wero taken away- by their nurse she devoted herself to them, telling them stories most of the time in a dark corner, whence merry chatter and ripplos of subdued laughter came flowing out to us ; hut when they were gone, the bright vivacity that was her true charac teristic went too, and sho bccauto Mario Antoinette again. "With an amiable wish to make things pleasant, Lizzie asked her to pour out the tea; but sho merely stood in front of mo at the tea-table, with hor little noso in tho air, and asked me whether 1 took sugar and cream, in a high clear tono that brought a puzzlod wonder into her sister's facu and a slow Bmilo to Don's. I camo and stood beside ber, to tako tho oups from her hBnd (her pretty head was about level with tho flower in my button-hole), and Bhe triod to ignore me, bus could not. Her hands shook slightly, and a littlo angry flush came and went in her face ; but I preferred that to having no notice at all. Later on sho wont- to the piano, and sang song after song for the de- leotation of Lizzie and Dou, neither of whom had the hearing car and the understanding heart to appreciate tho pure quality'and poetic sweetness of hor voice. By this timo I was very low-spirited, and I drew away from m host, who was growing sleepy after his hard day's work, and took a chair near her — which of course was a signal for Lizzio to leavo the room. As she sung ou, forgetful of mo and of .everything bat tho . poetry awakening in her, and ob I studied tho pose of her slight figure and half-bent head, and the now dreamy happiness in hor face, and lia- tenedfor the firBt time aftermany years to tho true translation of a language that 1 loved, a vague perception dawned in mo that there was some latent fellowship between us. And then I felt that fate had indeed been hard. The silence of the room was presently brought into strong relief by a deep snoro from Don, whereupon she suddenly rose from the piano and saw that wo were vir tually alone. "Good night, Mr. Gardiner," Bhe said, promptly, holdiog out a somewhat reluctant hand, and stiffening hack into her uqnatural atatelincss. I took it and hold it and looked into her faco ; and 1 tried to tell her, as well as plain " good-night" would do it, that I knew what had happened, and wanted her to for give me. 1 think Bhe guessed what iny look meant, by tho sudden crimson flame in her faco ; but she walked out of the room with as much dignity as sho had lirst walked into it, without anothor word. The early day's of December were eola'and wet, and tho shearing was a protracted and troublesome affair. Don hovered about rest lessly, whether in or out of tho house, always bothered and anxious, and paying frequent visits to the barometer. Tbo ladies cluug to their iircsido as if they had been in England ; and I tied myself to Lizzie's apron-string with an abject alacrity that puzzled and charmed hor. My opportunities for. "improving the occasion " were many, but somehow I could never turn then to account. The pride of that little maiden was quite beyond my management. Lizzio throw us together ; sho left us alone : she did all that m her lay to further "my desires for a reconciliation and an understanding ; but the implncablo resentment of tho last of tbo Lindsays towards mo for that wretched slip of the tonguo was a stono wall I could not climb over. Tho worst of it was, she did and said nothing tangibly offensive ; and I was precluded by all sorts of considerations from mentioning tho subject we were both (and that wo both knew we wero) thinking of. So matters went on day after day. And before a great many days wore past 1 was over head and ears in love — I may as well say it and havo done with it— and began to feel desperate and dangerous. Sho walked ' about the hoaao with her grand air, my Queen Marie Antoinette, my little tyrant that I could almost havo demolished with a finger and thumb ; and I, standing' six feet three in my stockings, had to acknowledge that Bho was invincible as well as unmerciful. Unregenerato savage as I was, 1 had faint longings now and thon to talco hor by those slonder shoulders and shake her. There were times when she became her sweet self, and could not help it though sho tried ; and theso times wero born of music. Sho and I both loved musio with that Bpycial lovethatnaturo permits to aiew pooplo; but to noonoelsein tho house did tho "heaven. born maid" present attractions. Don, hard at work all day, could go to sleep after dinner in his arm-chair ;andLizzio, after her manuor, could go out of the room in tho middle of the most charming song. Then, when wo wero singing together, or when aho was gentle and graoious, with the spirit of melody in hor, thon was the oil thrown upon my troubled waters. At times such as these it Hashed across mo that she was aware of it. At length on one of those occasions I made a dash at her guarded citadel ; I will not say in what wordB, bat with the blundering foolishness that I suppose characterises all implied aspirations; albeit with sufficient plainness to leave no chanco of being mis understood ; and thon I had indeed to bite the dust for once in my life. She had been .singing'Ruth with tho most touching pathos and abandonment — " Wherothougoest I will go, and there will I be buried" — and I conld not stand it. Don was in tho room, but Buoripg in that comfortablo undertone which denoted a sound and quiet slumber. She stood with her back to the piano, and tho sheet of music trembling and rustling in her hands, watching his nodding head in tho distance, and turning her dolicate profile to my view. . ' "No ; I will not," she half- whispered, with- haughty rapidity. " You should havo known I would not. I do not particularly want to marry anybody,"' sho added, flashing round upon me with her orimson face ; "but I -.will never marry you. I made up my miud to that long ago." Everybody knows how, in the supremely solemn moments of one's life, one is apt to be assailed with most incongruously ludicrous ideps. In spite of my bitter mortification s.t her reply, an absurd rhyme that I had heard somewhere flashed into my head : Do not be like Nancy Baxter, Who refused a man before he'd axed her, ' I believe she saw the ghost of a smile that might have hovered round my eyes when I begged, to know why she had made up her mind never to marry me ; and that made her savage. "Because yon think I came here to ho made love to," sho retorted, with all thecon- centrated contempt that her sweet face, and voice conld hold. "You think Lizzie and I havo been plotting to catch you — you think we wanted to inveigle you into marrying me ! I know what yon are going to say,— as I rose and seized her hands, to stop her — " but it is not tho truth. I heard you " — lifting her angry eyes, now wet with unshed tears, to mine—" I heard you, with my own ears, tell Don to warn Lizzie beforehand that you did not want to be married." "I know you did," I replied, tightening my hold of her hands, while she made fcuble efforts to get away ; " and I wish my tongue had noon cut out before I could have insulted you and ber liko that. Forgive me, Rachel ; I have been punished enough." "I cannot," sho answered, still panting with her exaiicment. "I should bo ashamed \- of myself if I could take a man who had even thought of mo like that." Two tears began to trickle from her eyes, and a little hysterical catch in her breath be trayed to me that her defiant courage was failing her. I would not let her go. Love and shame and a resentful disappointment made me a little savage toe. " I nover did think of you like that,' 1 Bald, sternly ; "and you knoir it. I most hold ye, till I clear myself — 1 cannot bear it"- — . 1 A log tumbled iu tho grate, and Don woke up. She caught away her hands and aped out of the room ; aDd I walked through a French window into the cool summer night, too full of wrath and love to speak to any body. This was how wo stood when at last (on Saturday, the IStb of December) tho truo Christmas weather came, and we found our selves iu tho hot afternoon alone on the croquet-lawn — alone for the first time since roy Btormy wooing was interrupted. Don boing still bnsy in the sheep-yards and shear ing-shed, I had been playing singly against Lizzio and her ; and now Lizzie had boenoalled away to the nursery to consult with a needle woman who was at work there. We wora both anxious (though for very different reasons) to leave off playing when our chaperon had departed ; but it was not easy to do so in tho middle of a game, especially as sho had instructed her partner to play for both of them until she returned. So we knocked the balls about for a few minutes in embarrassed silence, and then had an altercation as to which hoop Lizzio had been through ; and then we both got a little huffy, and played, first with indifference, and then with a malicious energy which resulted at last iu my sending her partner's bail into the thickest Portugal laurels in tho shrubbery. \- "Ob, I heg your pardon ! " I exclaimed, with compunction, as she solemnly marchod off to look for it. " Let me find it for you." " Do not trouble yourself," she replied, sharply; and immediately dashed in between the laurel and a very prickly rose-bush, whose long Bprnys caught her muBlin drew and tore it. I saw her straw-hat amongst the big dark branches, and her little hand searohing under them for a moment or two ; then she started up sud denly with a quick cry, and bounded into the path again. " What is tho matter? Have you hurt yourself," I asked, anxiously. Her hat fell to tho ground, and she stood boforo mo with tho blazing snn on her pretty head, and a wido.eyod horror in her face. "Wait a minute for me, "Bho panted, breath lessly ; "I want you to help me; I have been' bitten." Before I could collect my senses to understand what sho meant, sho had sped like a flash of light into tho house ; and, dashing into tho laurel bush, I saw what had happened. A big black snake was gliding away from, tho epot .where she had been kueoHug. What was to be dono ? I stood still, for a moment paralysed ; thon I Bent np a hurried prayer for help, and simultaneously "coo- eyed " three or four times with all the force of a powerful pair of lungs, for Don at the woolshed. Then I hurried after her, and met hor coming through tho door of my brother's dressing-room with one of his razors in her hand. Her face was white anil set as she Seized my hand and harried me into tho smoking- room, whicli was near ue, and turned the key iu the lock. I knew what she wanted ; and I set my teeth in an \- agony that no words could express, and which I can never think of now without a shudder. "Look!" sho said, piteous'v, with a littlo sob in her throat ; and I looked, and saw ono of the fingers of her left hand tied round tightly with a piece of striDg bolow tho first joint, and tho end of it already livid and swollen, and showing tho unmistakable punctures of tho snake's fangs. She laid her other hand on my arm, and looked up at me with a beseeching faco that nearly un manned nic. VHolp mo!" sho whispered, eagerly; " now, now ; before the others como ! " And sho held out tho razor, open and shining. "It is no use to suck it— it only wastes time," ae I seized her linger and put it iu my mouth. " Don't, don't ! 1 want to be on the safe side. . I don't want to die 1 0 pray, pray help' me!" — now sobbing passionately — " or else I must try to do it myself. I won't cry out ; I won't mind it. I will turn my head -away. She laid her finger on the edge of the table, aud I took the razor from her, and with all the courage I could "muster excised the wounded part. She bore the cruel opera tion without a murmur. An hour afterwards the commotion in the house was over, but the shadow of death was on it. Rachel was iu hor bed, white and faint and breathing heavily, twitching with weak fingers nt tho bedclothes, aud Btariug with dull eyes into the sad faces around her. ' I knelt in my room closo by with my head on my outspread arms, weep, iuy like a child as if my heart would break, aud listcuiug to tho creaking of the doctor's boots and tho whisking of skirts aud whis pering of awed voices on the other eido of tho thin wall. There was nothing else that 1 was privileged to do, now that I had dono that dreadful thing whioh they told mo might bo tho saving of her precious life. As tho twilight fell, tho voices in tho si'ck room took a louder and more cheerful tone ; anil presently one of tbem called softly : "Jerry, I want you." Lizzio mot mo in tho passage with a tremulous tear-stained smiling face. " The doctor says aho will bo all right now, and that she has to thank you for it," aho whispered. ' ' Don't stay here any longer; go and havo a cigar with Dou." I seized her hand and kissedit, andlookcdat hor with my wet eyes full of foolish emotion, too glad for speech ; and tho brightening in telligence of her couutenanoo was ourious to note. "I thought you didn't care for each other," sho said, archly ; "but," she added, drily, " I aiipposo I waa mistaken." " Don't suppose anything, Lizzie, there's a good girl. But let mo know when I may seo her," 1 replied, earnestly. "A11 right — I understand — I'll let you know," sho said, nodding hor head vigor ously with an air of mystery aud importance; and thon I went, not to huvo a cigar with Don, but to walk about tho dark garden alloys, alone with my thoughts. Our pationt improved stoadily nil night, so much so that tbo family assembled at break fast as usual. Thon a groat hunt was mado for the snake (at Lizzies instigation, on tho children's behalf), which lasted a long whilo anil was wholly unsuccessful. Then church- timocamo, and the buggy was ordered to tako tho servants and the little girlg to church ; and the hot day wore on. Towards evening, as I was loafing about tho garden, Lizzio came running across tho croquet lawn — where the balls and tho mallets were still lying about as we hdd left them, though it was Sunday — and told me that Rachel was up and dressed, and that she chanced to be alone in the drawing-room. I stole in to her in the twilight with my heart beating fast, and for a few moments she did not notice mc. She was standing by the open piano, small and white aiid weak, with a shawl wrapped round her, gazing at the silent koy-board, with tears running down her face. No one could look lessdike Delarocho's Marie Antoinette than she looked then. I tooa three long steps and reached her side ; she gave a great start and turned round to meet me. " I shall not again be able to play to you for a long while !" she said, looking up at mo for sympathy in this now trouble with her soft wot eyes. When sbo said that — instead of making mo tho littlo speech I had expected, thank ing mo for saving hor life — I put out my anus. And though we said no word, we forgave one another. And how pleased Lizzie was whon sho Baw tho last of the Lindsays transferred to my unworthy self ! " 