Ministers, with well feigned indignation, when taxed with being justly responsible for tho unprecedented licentiousness of the only journal in Tasmania from which thov obtain countenance and support, first repudiato tho imputation, aud then comfort thomsolvos with the consoling reduction tlmt their disavowals are ac cepted as truthful by those who havo any personal knowledge of theui. .1 lie Mer cury" i& used to publish aud circulate those personal and rancorous scurrilities —those rile insinuations against tho honor, integrity, and reputation of tho opponents of Ministers, which the forms of Parliament and tlio dread of porsonnl chastisement provont Ministers from using Jis weapons of political warfare in met. u7ia rtYfQf&tis;" of ' tnliea wo havo heard .Ministers, when con ducting 4 f tlio business of Parliament" \--as it is called— and engaged in contro versy with inembors of the Opposition, throw out innuendoes against tho persoual characters of thoir antagonists, so craftily and ingeniously convoyed in soeoringly expressed languages ns to cscnpe tlio cen sures of the Speaker or tho President, whilo at the same timo no room wns left for doubling the malignant purposo of tho cowardly uttorcrs. And as certain as light succeeds to darkness, nnd effect is tho reaultof cause, the 41 innuendoes" appeared noxt morning in tlio Ministerial organ developed into elaboratoly prepared fllnndors, sustained by tho recognised sup port of the arts of defamation, namely — tho suppression of truth, the distortion or omission of the leading facts, un warranted assertions, garnished and sea soned with an unliraitod quantity of malicious personal vituporation, and sorved out to the public, not in tho name, but by tho ordor, of Ministers, and for thoir special bonefit nnd service. It was only at tho close of last week wo had a very perfect illustration of tho mode by which Ministers combat tho Opposi tion in Parliament and through their only representative at tho press. Their manner of oporathig in both ephcros of action is peculiarly characteristic of tho unscrupulous, as well as sneaking, quality of thoir tactics. Tlio instance we allude to is that which has liad its origin in tiio motion made by Mr. Hoibcy for a Select Cotn- mittoo to enquire into all the circnm- atancos connected with the refusal of tho prosent Minister of Lands and Works to ondorso the action of. his two predecessors in oflico in the case of tho application of tho Messrs. Fillinger for three .allotments of laud in tho Lake Country under tho selection clauses of tlio Waste Lands Act Lot it uo remembered that, wliou making this motion, Mr. Reiboy stated that apprehending from all that wns familiar to tho public and to honorablo members in connection with this case no opposition would bo oflorcd to tlio enquiry bofore tho important tribunal lie wished to have ap pointed, ho did not wish at the time to ' enter into any particulars of a case. The Colonial Treasurer insisted npon a state ment of tho reasons why tlio coimmttco was applied for. This demand was mado for tho evident purpose of having the whole enso dobatcd nnd projndgcd bofore tlio evidenco, upon which both parties claim to hnvo acted rightly, could bo placod beforo Parliament in an authentic and reliable shape. Ministers liad already refused to produce moro official document's connoctcd with tho controversy, moved for by the Into Minister of Lands nnd Works for tho purposo of vindicating -his character from the damaging and spiteful insinuations of Ills successor. Every par ticular of the case was known to Mr. Giblin when ho iiisistcd iipon Mr. Reiboy entering upon a statement which ho know, and, -we behove, he intended should givo Mr. Nicholas- Jolin Brown nn oppor tunity of ropeating oho of his drowsy, buti:vonoraous, and: in ono rospoct grossly offensive, personal attacks upon his predecessor and -upon tho Messrs. Pillinger. Tlio debate was purposely provoked and embittered in order to have tho. glaring porvorsions of facts nnd per sonal off'ensiveness of tho- Treasurer add the Minister1 of Lands and Works fully elaborated and circnlated next, morning by thoir organ at the press, embellished with tlio usual accompaniments of personal nud vulgar abuse. Tho only conclusion any impartial judgo would by any possi bility arrive at, who was present during lho discussion purposely provoked by the Fromior whim Mr. Boiboy moved for tlio I Select Committee, and also road the leader I in tho Mercury" next morning, is lhat ho greater proportion of Ministerial ngenuity and cunning is employed in creating opportunities and proteucos for cutting out dirty woik for thoir congenial lielp-mnto at tho press, and supplying him with pegs to" hung his personal scandals and libels upon. Now, wo shall not bo tempted, oven by the gross provoca tion givon by Ministors and thoir organ, to anticipate tho results of tho investigation ordered by tho House of Assombly. Wo havo it in our. power to expose tho numerous misrepresentations mid positive falsehoods which abound throughout tho narrative, as well as comments of tlio I vicarious slandorors employed by Minis- 1 tore; but, as the c.-uo may bo rogardod as sub jiulico at present, wo shall bmo our time, for wo nro well assured that neither the Messrs. Billingor nor the Into Ministor of Lands and Works will suffer in the ostocm of thoir fellow-colonists by any unprincipled efforts of tho Minis ters or their mouthpiece to diminish tlio amount of respect which tho established I reputation of theao gontlcmon has secured for them. No modest mid good woman is over injured in reputation or social station by the foul calumnies or tlio obscene reproaches of the desperato and sluttish drab who fools horsolf humiliated I ami painfully upbraided by tlio prosonco of one who represents that pricoloss virtno to which sho liorself has boon long a roproach1 and a scandal. Aud it is tlio same in the cnao of those honest and independent cUlxetis, who, for exercising those political privi leges, and practising those virtues which bccotno the man ami are of servico to the public, and upon which tho welfare and happiness of socioty alotio depends, aro mndc tho objects of the vonal vituporation | and slanderous attacks of that outcast and morally depraved section of the people, which, unfortunately, is found to exist in all communities,' whethcrVngan, Christian, civilised, or otherwise. ,Wo shall wait until tho work of tho Solect Committee is completed to pronounco judgmont' upon thin caio. At present it appears to be one which, for many roasons, demands the strictest investigation, in order to cloar up tho ' unfavorable impressions tho cir cumstances already familiar to tho public havo croated. It is .obvious, from all wo know officially of tho present Ministor of Lands and Works, that ho is no friond to tho agricultural clcmont of our' population; and that, therefore, it is incumbent upon us to watch his mnvomeiits vory closely. Most Governments arc convinced of tlio unquestionable nocossity of preventing tho pollution of streams and rivers by the rofttso from manufactories. A great many of us' can well rcincmbor tlio hor- riblo smells proceeding from tho Thames at low water, and, at times, havo noticed that tho stcsunors seemed to bo ploughing their way through a mass of corruption, instead of dividing the waters of ono of tho noblest rivers tlio old country possesses. What a change for tho better has that vast metropolis wit nessed within tho last two years ; and now, instead of avoiding, as was the case formerly, tliat pernicious sink of putrifying matter, the Londoner can enjoy a beautiful walk along its embankment, skirted by splendid speci mens of nrclutecturo and beautiful gardens. Tho question which is tho im mediate cause of. our allusion to theso facts is that which aroso at tho Glenorchy I Council, on Saturday last, as to tho do- I lilomcnt of Humphrey's Rivulet iu that municipality. Tt 1ms beon said that' wo aro an essentially mattor of fact people, mako twelve ponce into thirteen, Per haps man of us havo reminiscences of days spent in our youth near beautiful streams, tlio wandering along whoso banks, or tlio healthful occupation of endeavor ing to entico a trout to tho hook, afforded ua mony hours of happy recreation, and tho pangs of regret wo felt in aftor years in' seeing those streams, associated as they woro with so many endearing recollections, becoming common sowers and liotbcds of malaria. From a hygienic point of view, tho evaporation of pure water is of absoluto necessity to our phy sical well boiug, let alono for tho requirements for household purposes ; how absolutely necessary it is, thoroforo, that any infringement of this greatest blessing of Naturo's bountiful productions for our necessities should bo guarded against with extremo jealousy. It matters vory little whether tho refuso permitted to find its way from a manufactory into a stream is absolutely poisonous. Surely, wo are compelled, through the adultera tion of our food, to swallow enough compounds, which aro anything but of a nutritive nature ; thoroforo, wo should tho moro strictly guard against tho pollu tion of our streams, affording, as thoy do, so pleasant and wholesomo a beverage. We cannot speak too strongly upon this subject, or. urge upon tlio authorities too seriously' tho necessity of exercising tlio laws to prevent the pollution of rivers and streams, if any exist, or of ob taining legislation of sufficiently stringent a character to attain this stop in sanitary reform. Perhaps such powers should not bo vested in tho municipal authorities ; not that wo considor them. incapable of doing their duty,' but bocauso aiigry feel ings and' passions1 aro often' liable to bo engendered among persons who had beon on tho best of terms, and more especially bccauso tho man of small moans is ; quite incompetent to light a legal battlo with his moro wealthy neighbor. It is said tho Polico Offences Act gives tho requi site power to prosecute parties who allow I any deleterious matter toonter tho water- I courses of .tho country.: Just so. But! with tho present organisation of ; tlio ; polico 'tho Act in tliis rospect must and will remain noxt thing to a dead letter, as has beon proved in tho past adminis tration of tho 'Thistle. Law. .Wo havo alroady made soma observations upon this point ; but it cannot bo too often ropoatod, until tho polico forco, liko the military, is undor tho absolute control i of .tho Government, wo nro not ovor-sanguino that arguments, liowovor cogent, will havo much effect upon tho prosont Administra tion. It is composed of men whoso solo nim is to continue tho bond of .servitude to nil tho wealthy orders of all tho smaller holders. It is, thoroforo, obviously against their policy to centrnlisa tho control of any branch of tho public servico in per manent heads, who. aro responsible, not so much to Ministers, as to' Parliament. Until wo have a Government whoso oxistonco does not depend upon tho parturition tof any exploded idea wo can not expect to . bo placed on the same footing with tho poople of other countries. Trlkorafhic Interruption. — A notice was posted at the telegraph office on Satur day to tho effect that the East Coast lilic, between Spring Bay and Swansea, was in terrupted. ;i , Thomas Bennett's Bankruptcy.— The hearing in Chambers in this mattor, which was fixed for to-day, has, beon adjourned till Wednesday" next, the 11th instant, at 11 o'clock a.m. Supreme Court —The civil sittings of this court wero concluded ou Saturday. The case Stephens v. .Wilson, as will be found elsewhuru, was settled without the intervention of the jury. The other action, Davis v. Ohcvurfoii,- arising out of the Into collision between' the Shannon mul hricml- ship, was proceeded with. The plnintitj claimed .ClOO us damages to Ins vessel, and i tho defendant pleaded not guilty. Ho en- I deavorcd to prove that he w as not respon sible for the damage, 'as, although owner of tlio .Shannon, lie rented her to another man named Dickson. Tho jmy returned a verdict for plaintiff for TOS and costs, and the Court adjourned sine die. . , Stephens v. Wilson.— This action, which was looked forward to with no small amount of interest, was settled in the Supreme Court on Saturday, in a way which could not but be disappointing to those who expected an ox- exposure of private affairs, but we think was perhaps the most judicious way of adjusting alleged grievances. The case arose out of an assault which took place in front of the Tas- manian Club on July 12 last, Mr. Robert Wilson thrashing Mr. W. R. Stephens, because of some disparaging remarks con- corning a young lady relative, which the latter was alleged to have used. The plain- tiff, on the advice of his friends, who were conscious in theiir belief of his innocence of the charge imputed to him, entered an action against the defendant. It was set down for trial at the last sittings, and ac cording to rotation came on on Saturday. After the jury were sworn, His Honor Mr. Justice Dobson suggested to the learned counsel engaged that it would be more ad visable if some amicable arrangement were made instead of proceeding with the case. Accordingly they adjourned to the judge's chambers, where two documents were drawn up, one being a declaration on the word of honor of the plaintiff' that he had not uttered the remarks complained of, and the other to be signod by the defendant, unreservedly accepting the explanation, apologising for having inflicted the assault, and agreeing to pay the costs of the case. His Honor, in discharging the jury, expressing his satisfac tion at the course which had been adopted, stated that both parties had acted as gentle- men should have done in adjusting a case the hearing of which would have necessitated the introduction of several young Iadies before the court. The case was therefore abandoned. The report of the proceedings will be found under our law heading, and the declaration and apology in our adver tising columns. D'Aruv Head's Ghost.— On Saturday night this untertuimcut attracted a large I audience. Amongst those present we noticed I several members of Parliament, and a num ber of leading citizens. Tho revels of the I phantoms wero gone through as smoothly land as- illusionary ns ever, and Mr. Rend must be congratulated upon tbu success which his "ghostology " has met with. To night there will be a change of programme, when an adaptation from Goethe's "Faust," a " Chinese phantom dance," and the usual I nftcrpicco will he produced. Infant Mozart. — it is announced in our advertising columns that tliu Infant Mozart Company will perform at Campbell Town this evening, at Oatlaiuls to- morrow, and Both- well on Thursday. Tub Socnrrv rou the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. — The sixth committco meeting was held at tho society's office on Saturday, the 7th instant, at 11 a.m. Pre sent : Mr. W. Gellibrand (chairman), Mrs. W, Walker, Miss T. Garrett, Miss Gelli brand (acting hon. secretary), Mr. J. Miteholl (lion, ioga! adviser), Mr. II. Park (hon. veterinary surgeon). The minutes of the former meeting having been read and con firmed, as also copies of letters written by the committee's orders, a long discussion ensued concerning various acts of cruelty reported to the committee. For obvious reasons the details of these barbarities aro not made public, it Iieing the design of tho society to try every power of private remon strance before resorting to publicity and punishment. The sub-committcc appointed to report upon tho advisability of bringing tlio society's operations under, the notice of I the scholars of. the day schools aud Sunday I schools brought up a verbal account of their work, with some practical suggestions there on. uskinL' for moro time Tor careful de- libmviri/)" . fit v«ittnt.(i ..Hit handbills containing the clauses of tho Act be forwarded to every school under the Board of < Education, such handbills to bo I enclosed in circulars, asking for the co- | operation of the respective teachers. The meeting was then adjourned till Saturday. Southern Hunt Club Races.— The fol lowing are the nominations for tiio meeting which is to be hcklutBothwoll : — Hunt Club Cup—Mr. E. Andrews' Sir James, Mr. W. Brock's Ranger, Mr. J. Byrne's Fairy, Mr. W. A. Forster's Taglioni, Mr. C. Hallott's John Brown, Mr. A. Ibhott's Moonmkor, Mr. A. Ibhott's Dor, M r. A. Kearney's Fingnl, Mr. W. North's Linda, Mr. >V. North's Sir Thomas, Mr. H. Mcllac's Colt, Mr. G. Rodda's Speculation. Hurdle Race — Mr. T. Armstrong's Victor, Mr. Byrne's Montezuma, Air. P. Dallon's Fairy King, Mr. T. C. Lord's Happy Thought, Mr. W, North's Cora, Mr. A. Kearney's Fingai, Mr. A. Kearney's Canczou, Mr. G. Rodda's j Speculation, Air. W. Runmcy's Talleyrand. Denuistoim Steeplechase — Air. T. Arm strong's Victor, Air. \Y. Brock's Ranger, Air. W. A. Burster's Taglioni, AH. C. Hallett's John Brown, Air. A. Kearney's Fingai, Air. I A. lvoarnoy'a Alousctrap, Air. F. AIcDowall's Kingsley, Air. M. Alarkey s Alousctrap, Air. G. Rodda's Speculation, Air. W. Kumncy's Talleyrand. Allkoeu Pollution of a Rivulet.— We understand that in respect to the allogcd pollution of the Humphrey's rivulet, by Mr. William Murray, of Glenorchy, allowing tho I refuso from his candle and soap works to run into the stream, ' a petition from Mr. Shoobridgc has been handed to Mr. Murray for presentation to Parliament, but that gcntloman had hitherto neglected doing so. The Late Fearful Excursion Accident. I — Wo nro this inorning iu possession of the liame of the oxcursion steamer which foun- I dercd' off: Woolwich. Her name was the Princess Alice, and it appears she came in collision with another steamer. The fact of her being so heavily laden, no doubt caused licr immediate disappearance. We are hot surprised to hear that the Queen lias ex- .pressed . deep sympathy with this , terrible disaster, by which so many families must be sufferers. ..Display or Carpets.— On Saturday, one of tlio departments of Mr. W. F. Browncll's oxtensivo establishment' attracted consider- ; able attention from the very . showy and | tastefully, arranged- display of carpets of costly : character. - - The varied hues under the I briglit'gaslight in the evening, drew a con tinuing crowd before the window, and many wero tlio expressions of admiration at the show. The window will remain so decked for some timo. Florimne!— For the Teeth and Brratii. j — A few drops of the liquid 44 Florlline !' j sprinkled ( on a wet tooth-brush produces a I pleasant which thoroughly cleanses tho ' teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens tho gums, prevents' "tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to tne breath. It removes I all unpleasant odor arising from decayed teeth I or tobacco smoke; ".The Fragrant Florlline, ' being composed in part , of Honey and sweet I horlw, is delicious to tho taste, and tho greatest toilet discovery of tlio ago. Brice 2a 6d, of all Chemists and Perfumers. Prepared by Henry C. Gallup, 4U3 Oxford-street, London. 3432 .A coupto of alterations will bo found in the programme of the Sorell Ploughing Aratuh, which is to take pkico on Septembor l3. A whip will bo presented by Air. James Kobb for the best turnout on tho ground. In the J double-furrow class each ploughman is to plough two gathered rod lands. . Woar. requested tocnll attention to the sale or hides and skins, : by Roberts and Co., at I ..10 a. tn... sharp,. . Also; at tho huiiio hour; a superior quiet milking cow. WO are requested to draw attention to the sale of . horses, carrliiges, milking cows, and olegant household furniture and olFects, inolud- totf vfdff!)blo pianoforte, by. order of It, Gayer. Laq.j.AI.lI.A., who , is leaving Tasmania— tho sale to take place. this day,' by Itobortsand Co., at II sharp, commencing 'at lot 198 iirtho I catalogue. Cuuvoyaucea will leavo Dove's | T» toenail's Hotel at 9 and 10 o'clock. 