MISS JOSETS ROMANCE. We were sitting, together, my an'nt and I, in the pleasant twilight of an April evening. It was too dark to see to woirk, but hardly dark enough for candles. Outside a feint rosy reflection lingered in the sky. Inside we still cherished the fire, as« friend from w.hom we weraloth. to part / The kettle was singing on atbe bob, the crnmpets were mutely asking to he toasted, hot the orthodox' hphr' tor tea had not yet arrived. My aunt glanced up At the clock And gave .alittle'iigb. "That fish we bad to dinner was very salt" Xthought.so too, and wished the clock would move its fingers a little fester. ... ; . . T Suddenly . there came three slow distinct nps-atths door; -My aunt gave -quite a start , The stocking she hadhefen knitting fell to the - ground, "Bless us all 1 who's gone now f" she said with:, an unwonted quaver in her voice. ' Marihh'being ont of Hifi'twayTWenfe to the door: A tall man dressed in black was standing in the. porch. Speaking, in a deep automatic voice; he said : " Yon. are respectfully hidden to -the funeral of the late Mistress Josephine Orris of Crag End." - "Oh dear 1 ofa de&r; 1" interested my aont ' ' : Who died on Monday morning last/? iwentonAe iMnlnhUch' "The body, will be lifted on Satdrd&y; next at two o'clock in the afternoon," Withont another word he , -tamod .on. jhis. heeland irent HjjJT ; riundt® ;;MF;e5hBaid him mpping-at immeiot,tdWi3j|tfla ffifcnm -hwayU;;,v;.... sW? ii "And I never even heard, that she waa ill !".said my. . aunt 88 I went back to my chaic.' " How dreadfully sodden, it most have been.". Then she -cried softly to herself for a Uttie' while. We did not light, the candles that eveping. till, long after dark. : 'I She must have been .eighty if she was. a day," stud my aunt after A tiine. " And ifa not more than three months since thej major died. Well, there was never a more loving couple, andno donbt it's for the- best that she should. not be long, after him." . , , . That caatpm of Indding to fnneridu has gone, oqt in St- pieineot's yearsagq,.a8j, snppwept haaq jlpnm-. J nerft remqmber to , have , Been a .hearse, tih when ! r was a . giri . The dead. . were always carried . , to -the grape. , on. the shonldets of hearers, the mounoera walking two and, two behind. I attended several funerals then in my time: Seed-cake, and. wine were generally pro vided at each times, and occasionally viands of a..mOre substantial kind. Bnt whatever else might he 'there or not there, -it was -considered necessary to have one,-, and sometimes two, large tankards of hot spiced ale for the behoof of the mourners. A lemon stuck with cloves always floated on thetop of the ale. As soon. as the body was lifted, and that slow -dreadful journey downstairs began, which most; of us have heard with ..such woful in which tbe mourners were assembled, was shot, and the tankard was handed round, beginning with the chief mourner as though it were a species of loving cup- It was looked upon - as - disrespectful to the deceased if yon (lid "not at least touch the rim with, your lips; hut whatever I the ladies mjght do, the gentlemen present generally did much more than that. " What I am abont to tell you," began my aunt; "happened many years before I became an inmate of the Endowment 'or indeed had any thought that in my old. age I should be. glad, of such an asylum. I was living at .that time with' your great-aunt Charity, and a frequent visitor at her.honse was ascertain Miss' Josephine Dunne — Miss Tosey, as she was familiarly called, being liked by ail of . ns both young and old. She bad been elected into the Endowment about two years before I first saw her. She 'lived in the cottage that is now Miss Whincop's, and there your great-aunt andl iiBed to visit her once . a. month and drink tea with her. She: must have been quite fifty-five . at that time,.'bnt was wonderfully well- preserved and fresh-looking for her age.. Never has the Endowment sheltered within its precincts a sweeter-tempered or a kinder- hearted gentlewoman' than dear Miss Josey. " Her only relative, so far as I ever, heard, was a brother some five of six years older than, herself who was known, to everybody in St. Clements as old Sammy Dunne, and not nnffeqaently. by the more unenviable nickname of Old. Flint and SteeL ,&a; attorney by prpt fession, hie had long abandoned the law for. the congenial and more prrifitabte business of money-lending. Reputed 'to be what in oar small way would be baited enor mously rich he ' still ' lived'; in 'the little dark hdhe in a little dark byB street that., lie una uusuiwuiui wmtj jwa. xvaiug a bachelor, and ; so well to :do, peojde.1 sometimes wondered why be did nothave, Miss, Josey to keep house for him, instead of allowing her ' to ' become an inmate of- the .Endowment for Poor Gentlewomen. But if anybody hinted at such a thing in Miss Josey's presence, a little spot of fed would come into each of her cheeks, and : then after a moment or two she would say smilingly : ' Samuel and I never could agree when we were boy and girl at home, so that I am quite sure we could' not agree now. For my part, I always think relations are better apart.' " ' He doesn't give her the value of a silver sixpence from one year's - end to another,' your great-aunt would Some times say ; " and mark my ': words, he won't leave Jher ' the valne of a silver sixpence when -he's -dead— and yet I daresay the man expects- to go to. heaven when he dies.' "It was indeed a shame, for Miss Josey was very badly off at times. Occasionally I have known her to have- nothing but bread and cheese for dinner,- for three or four days at a time. Often, when -we had eometbing-epecially nice at home Aunt Charity would1 send a plate of it, with her love, to. Miss Josey ; besides - which, many a little jacket of tea and pat of butter found- their , way into her 'cupboard, eo that onr consciencesjlid not prick us wfaen -we called upon her and drank tea ont of her delicate eggishell china, and munched, a couple of. pieces of bread- and-bntter-not mnch thicker- than .wafers.- Bnt, poor as Miss Josey.might) -be nobody -ever heard:- a murmur from her lips, and - she was - never without a black «nlk gown for- visiting or receiving: company in. "One afternoon — how well I remember it — when I called on Miss Josey, I found her on the point of going .out. She was going as fer as Dixon's on the 'Pavement to match some wools. I turned and walked with her. We had got what we wanted, and. were just stepping out of the 8hop,: when a gentleman nearly ran against ns, or we nearly ran against him, I am1 not- sure which. He was a tall ndlitsryrlooking man, with iron-grey hair; and short rwhiskers, who carried his head as thongh -he stall- wore the-rrgulation army stock. : wHe - was : closely ; butttti&l;: np,andcaiTied;a. thick: eil verqmqimted malacca under— his: arm! - -Both he And < !MisB Jdsey.' Staftod: -back.:. :Then the: gentleman- bowed and -was about to -passi on. i But- in. one moment, and with Ms finger-and thumb still holding the brim of his hst, hebecameas it were transfixed. He stood and stared as a man might do who aees a ghost— not that l altogether believe there -ore- such things; my. dear.. Tinned my feyea on Miss Josey. Tomy astonishment, she also looked as if a ghost had risen at her feet: - Every -particle of colour had fled from her cheeks, while heceyes evidently saw nothing but the fece before her. Surprise, iocre- duiity/doabt, joy— I could read them all, or; fencied that: - 1 could, iu her varying expressiona While -one might count a dozen' they.: stood speechless,' storing straight into each other's eyes, , Ib it yon— Philips- Major Orrisi' gasped Miss Josey at -length, . Or are you a stranger,!' '.'J l om Philip Orris, true enough, and you are— Josephine Dunne !' :r-«< Ies, I ,am atiU Josephine Dunne,', die.aaid with a .wan smile- 7 Then in s moment her eyes ceff i Jinoist . " ft was Ihittyfirs jwats, on„4he ,8di nf Augpat, rinoe we ported iasi, but— -but I think l Hex vpicehad an odd little typmp|r -jn" it J. jvyspfraid that she TOB;golug to break down. : V: ,"The major had hold ofberrhand by his. jfoie.. He. held, It, in' 'bothfof his., ' Ah-bye , are .. both changed,' he iuud with a Utile sigh. ' Everything seems changed- but . yppr eyes, Josephine. . Them ;I should have known anywhere and always.' , : J'.Misa Josey blushed; ' You used to. praise my ayes .long ago,', she said in a low voice, « but now I cannot aee well Without spectacles.' , -I r; To .me . they were Jthe ncist ra.beap-. , ijfialpypsifL ..typrididdiaiuqpri ,p,,#bpge(.fetoUtyr,sl that whichhas -St -pnlior-afiWjhpufa, (aaaXymeefoa t r V Yoi -the :lrmjf hive joa notT ; ; , ; ' " ' Yes, I was invalidedtyvo yeaie ago on half-pay... That, confounded Jndiah climate nearly fipished.me off' ; " Your name .was - mentioned in the. despatches xnprejthan once.1 '"Ah, yon found .that out, did yon'f They epoke of me-fex more highly than' I deserved.' _ ; ' ; . ' Miss Josey, shook her head- - ' I km pure they , would not do that,' she aaid. ,. . , . . '"I am downin the oldoeighbouriiood for a conple , of . weeks,' , said the ,-major. . A I»U1 Rita LUJf AtiCUUj UtUUC Tattam, at Wing Hall, bnt this is the first time Iset foot in St Clement's since —since you know. when. And yon V - .... '' Again Miss Josey blushed. ! All my relations are dead, except my brother. I have found a home for- the rest of my days in the Endowment for Poor Qentie- xromen.' " At this moment, « .friend whom I1 punted: to. .me- came, -out of the .shop, ao::I left Miss Josey and the major, toge ther. Three tninntes later Miss. Josey rejoined me. ;Yoa;must. really forgive me for . not introdncing yon, ehe paid, ' bnt I was so flnrried that:I hardly ,kpew What ! -wpa abont I vnsh he had not seen me in my spectacles,' she added plaintively.- ... , "'Major. Orris! Baid. my Aunt Charity, when I told her whom we had -met. f Why he was Miss Josey's- sweetheart, ever so many,, y.eais qegprrphe first and last, I truly -belieye.' , .Then she, told me how, when Mies josey was, a, young beauty of nineteen, The . major, at ,-that time a dashing ensign, in a marching regiment, had met her at a ball, bad fallen in love „with her, and had sought .permission from her father to make tier his qife; Bnt the ensigp wos .poor, and pld Mr; Dmmalthongh. hei af tyir3vards elL into /difficulties, was -rich, and the lovers were, forbidden to see or. write .to each other: again. . Young Orris, however; was a bold and ardent, wooer, and. hesacceeded in seeing Miss Josey again and again. A.t leugth he wrung from her a promise to elope - with .Aim to . Qretna Green. Eyeryhing .yjs - aapged,; ,d«d .in The: Juak of an qAjuguafc, evpning, JSfisa Josey sjolfi ,away:> feonx, hompr and , joiqedjiler lover rti, thupqmvtb|. Iwpglpy where aropjqge and,paU- inwaicflgi: Five miputes.-later - (tiiey,. were ou .their way to 'the Border.-,i By Tsoma means Or OSiw, jiuwerer, eowy s , pro wies.»J»»0 lira became aware of_the plot and apccepjed in bribing the postrboy, who was fo have : ririven the lovers on . the; .first ptage pf their journey,- into -;aUotqng,hiin.tptake his place. He mnst have muffled himself np jui some way .or otiier, for neither the Ensignpor J osey recognised , hi m. After: driving northward for about five miles. Master Samuel .quietly turned the hprsea'-; heads info a cross road thqt led bai to Bt. Cfiement's. ond before either of . the. runagates were aware of the trick Jthat was beiog played them, the carriage drew np at the door , of Mr. Dunne's house,- end Mr. Dunne . fomself handed his. daughter out, and made some remarks the reveree of complimentary-. to -.the discomfited young - soldier. The end of theescapade was that Miss -Josey ..waa .relegated' to the care . of an aunt- in Devonshire and that Ensign - Orris exchanged into a regiment that was on the point of : sailing for India. They never saw each, other again till they met by accident, that afternoon at St. Cle ment's.; ! - " We had news of the major two or three times , during . the>-fortnight that'- foliowed the meeting. . We hford of hia being at £>t, Qement's mors than -once, aud it jyas eveq whispered. : that he.and- Miss Josey. had. been seen jwalking to-" gother in' the dusk of 'eveuing in. jthe Abbey Meadows ; but wbep it comea to a question of identity, peo'pte are , liable to make strange mistakes. : Time weht on and w» beard' do more of Msjor Orris. - : Miss Josey never , men tioned his name, and, in tow -of bis reti-; eence, my annt and l tookcare to follow her example. : One day, about a- year after the meeting on the Pavementy Miss Joesy -burst into my anut's room in auJ abrupt way -that was very .unusual with her. She was evideotiy brimming /over with excitement. ' What do yon think f she said. Yon would newer guess the news I have to teli yon. Major Orris, through the death of a relative, has come into quite a' large fortune. His rasters too, Carry and Gertrude,- are to have! five thousand pounds -apiece. -They are like me, yon know; neither of them has ever been married, -and it seems that Philip— I mean-Major Orris — has 'had to keep them sb -well as himseF riot : of -his > half - pay. Poor fellow ! whatfcstmggle it must havetbeeii to keep up appeanances at all" ; i if -Of' comae, .-we were -all -war y ald. to bear of-the'-major'sT 'gobd fortune.. We took tea that very afternoon at Miss Joey's, and; she,bouit :heeBelf a new cap iu hononr pf .the -occasion. . . , -i About a., month afterirerds, Aunt. Charity said to me pne ; evening when she came in frenn >' shopping : ' What do yon think one pf the jOHMstants at Maddi- san'e told me this .afoemoon as a little, secret!. ; Why,;' that Miss Josey has bought herself a, new dovepolonr silk dress 1 Now,-- what can she want with a dove-colonred'silk ! I have never seen her in anything but black, these dozen years. And— ifs no business of mine, of course — how has she been, able : to afford it 1 . She aunst . have been saving np.for years.' . " For phe next .two, or . three Sundays we took care not to. -miss. .meeting -Miss' Josey -at morning seryice. But there was no change in hjattire. jShe still, |wcre ihe black silk, pld and -faded, now, that ahe had worn for-theist five years. . I could see that Aunt Charity was ppzzledv J hate mymeries jjihpsud, , ' ond.ihiere's £,c-y !:> ... I ii "Tbe mystery wits not destined to be of vety long duration. It was elucidated in quits a sudden and unexpected manner. Tbe news came on as like a thunderbolt. Miss Josey and Migor Orris bad-doped— - bad actually gone off in a chaise and pair to Gretna Green 1 -' Aunt Charity began to ciy when the- news was.- told her— why, I'm sure I don't know; I laughed, and wasrebuked for my levity. ' At her time of life too !' -said my aunt. ' Surely, she doesn't fancy that she's a young girl after all; these years. And she might have been married - comfortably and respectably in her own parish .churoh, and we conld-nll have had-: afgopdyiew of the ceremony.. , I ,kuewi \- there was ,a myetery about that dove- coloured sUf . r t . ' Wiat will the /other Poor, Gentl»i women' Bay and think T I ventured to ask. 1 rU be bound: to say, such a thing was never known in the . Endowment before,' said my aunt She nught have added,'and never will be again.' ' What S flutter; what a commotion there t wsa- inrade the .old . walls 1 Miss De|imc wore . cherry colonred ribbons ; in . her bonnet for eix montljs afterwards; -and took to tiling the elderly beaux when1 ehe walked out of an afternoon, as, ehe .bad ogled the young ones thirty' yeare before.:. " But to go hack. Hardly had we, had time to familiarise ourselves with one astoupding.piece of news before another WtoS, flU. iAI lUlUW U ttb UU1 UtHUlfi. Mr, gamuel Dunue, as soon as the. news of lns'sister's escapade reached his ears, ordered ' another chaise and pair, and started helter-skelter after the 'fugitives,1 vowing that if it were in the power of man to do so, hewonld stop the wedding. 'A meddling old fool,' was-'your great- aunt's comment 'He ought to know that he has no power to stop the wedding. Fm glad now that Miss Josey has never beeh beholden to him for a penny of his ill-gotten brass, and I hope with all my : heart that tie will be too late to inter-- fere.'. ' " We yll hoped the same thing. ,W« had been considerably shocked andsome- what scandalised by the nws of Mibb Josey's flight, bat now that we kneWher brother was' in pursuit of her, ' all onr sympathies veered round to her at once. - We forgot that Bhe and her lover' were two "'grey-haired people,- we overlooked -the" absurdity of the whole affair, in 'bur burning 'desire that Samuel Dunne should > be haulked ih his attempt to spoil for the second -time "the happiness of a sister; to whom hehad never behaved as a brother' ehoold behave.1 ' " Hc wfo baulked, but in a way that neither he bor any of as had dreamt " of. Three weekB after he started in pursuit of his sister, his body was brought' back to St' Clement's, abd laid in the family vault "beside -his father and mother. Miss Josey,1 'as it always comes natural to me to cril her, and her hnaband were -the only mourners. It was their first appear ance in St. Giemenf a since their wedding,1 -and it was their last for Borne time. They, "catted 'bir no1 'one,- -and left the town hs1' aoon -as1 the -dead -' man's will- bad been lead; " Your great-aunt 'was dot fttc ont inhttpredictioa. ' The thuUfohda' 'wSreoll ieft.foliondon chsritieB-tabt /a ptermy to'any loeof ones —arid three paltry hundreds to his sister. Happily, our dear Miss Josey was now beyond the" need' of' his money. " We nritber saw nor heard -anything of her for -qmte three months."- Then, one afternoon; a -messenger brought a' both It was written from' the King's 'Arms Hotel, and was tin -invitation1 for your great-auat and me to go there' , hnd drink tea with -Miss Josey. We: -shall- hear all about it at last,' said yonr great- aunt. 'Sbemust be dying to talk to somebody that she knows. Shell get the major out of the way for this after noon, you see if she don't.' The major was certainly not there. We were told that he was gone to look' after some property which he thonght of baying. As'for dear Miss Josey, she was not one bit altered, though her mourning - made her look a little strange at first, ' We' all -cried a little at that firat meeting, bb was -bnt natural ; -but as soon as we grew more composed, Mi as Josey was full of eager questionings abont old friends and acquaintances— more particularly about the Poor Gentlewomen of the Endow ment. Little by little the particulars of. her marri≥ came- out, ! and1 thatwithont any plying on our part One tiling we did not leam— why it 'was that ; the. major and his bride had chosen, to go all the .way to Gcetna Green,- instead.- of, -.having the baons read out at -.-St. Clement's.' 'Of course, the major must have proposed it,' said your greataunt, «nd Miss Josey hadn't the heart to say .ran.' "fit was -only a fit and proper ending | to the romance begun thirty-five years ago,' I said. 'I like the major, all -the better for it' . " ' Romance 1' qnoth your great- aunt, . iwith.a toss of her cap-strings. ' What have people at their, time of life to -do with romance ? There are no. fools like- old ones.' , " I oonld have kissed Miss Jorey when ehe told me how, when the mqjor wanted to measure her finger for the wedding- ring, she drew from round her neck the ribbon on which hung the .ring he, had: bought her so many years - before. Day and. night it shad never left -her. all that time. . t,f.'ItJsrspqrhapsifoolitii 3vanity6n my part,' said kiss Josey, with a smile.fhut m that rehiWeek :I neyqrli;w)re:my spetacledOqce. A brida / in. ppectacles,1 yoq know !, ,,it was Fhilip wbo ,inraed7 op my: taking: to them again 1 .. You khow. hoW-foetbiu without them— and really it aeemed fike coming; bock -to an oldpnd dear, friend, to. fed them perched m my nose again.' "It would appear that the major. and hie bride bed- got more than halfway on thrar journey to the Border, before they had the letet intimation that anyone waa following them! -They were overtaken by another, jpostchaise containing a couple in a greafor harry than they were, the postilion of which told their postilion that a little lame old gentleman, with fierce black eyes, was only twenty , miles behind, and Was. vowing what he would do when he should overtake them. Miss Josey at once recognised the portrait , of. her" brother. The major. poshed on at a- quicker . rate . than heretofpre ; : "for althoih Bamuel Dunne had no legal- control over his sister, it was just as Well, to get the wedding over as quickly as posrable;' offer winch, any interference on : his,pprt would be worae thMi .jiBeless. At the,ncxt-pastiQg-hou8e at whiirth jfeqied Hte.xaajdr engaged all the japare horses in the dace, and took -theinQon with .him.; so that when Mr. Donne readied there, he ares necessarily delayed for some hours for want of the means of getting forward. The fugitives hadibeen married six hoars, when he buret into their : sitting-room. He was a very passionate man, and said many cruel and nnjost "things. ; At length the major's patience became exhausted. He rang the bell and ordered the servant to show Mr: Dunne the door.: .The old man took up his hat, and tamed and shook his' /denched fist in the major's fece. What he intended to say remained nnsaid for ever. 1 Next-moment a terrible change came pver bisface, his bat dropped from his nerveless fingers, he tottered at he stood, 'Ond/wnhld fiKrnfellesi-faad not the major caught bim in his arms. .! He had bear stricken-with -death. For a fortnight he lay speechless and fa elpless. Night and day Mire Jbaey xnnaed 'fcun. He only spoke once, a little while before imjdied. Ali a- mistake, ; Joeey; all a mistake,' die Whispered, - fihekiafod him and he smiled; and;for a moment the major saw what he had: never seen before— /a : like ness between .the brother and sister, j \- "And all Hria happened more than twenty yearo,": said my : aunt in'con- rinsion ; ".though to look back, it only seems like twenty, weeks. Well, if over there was a happy -couple in this- world it was the major and his wife. Itisonly three months since he died; i«nd to-mor- » — — „ a l-i r..:: — j . — :n autv ui tipna j met utaratt vvau vn snna 3 his side. -.Uo are the links that bind us to this life broken .one by one." 