THE GOVERNOR'S VISIT, Thursday, the day appointed for the land ing of His Excellency at this pore, dawned auspiciously with clear skies and a pleasant breeze. From an early hour the town was alive with the final strokfer of preparation for the great event, and thronged with visitors from the country round about. Soon after 7 o 'clack the arrival of the Lady Fowen with the i vice regal party on board at the river heads was | signalled from the. flag-staff at the telegraph I vuiucj ouu ouui uj aiiici tuc uusLUing uuai, wilu the Harbor Master (Mr. R. B. Sheridan), the Mayor (Mr. R. M. Hyne), the Police Magis trate (Mr. H. R. Buttanshaw), and Mr. J. T. Annear, contractor for the railway, started down the river to me t His Excellency at Dun dathu, where the1 steamer arrived at 10 a.m. Meanwhile'the street decorations had.becn com pleted, the volunteer uniforms began to appear about tne streets, ready to muster at the Town Hall, and crowds of school children, in holiday attire of white and blue for the girls, and blue rosettes for the boys, came trooping along to the trysting place on the reserve whence they were to be marched down to the wharf ap pointed for the official landing. This central theatre of the day's doings was a mass of flags and greenery, and presented a very gay sight as the sightseers gradually flocked in, and pos- j sessed themselves of every coign of vantage. The arrangements for securing order and the necessary breathing space for the landing cere- j mony were very good, barriers of saplings be ing put up to prevent overcrowding and secure comfortable standing room for the large number of children who were grouped around the free space within which was drawn up the; Mayor's carriage, which stood in waiting flanked with an escort of mounted troopers at the entrance of the wharf, in readiness to convey the Governor to his quarters at the Royal Hotel, where by previous invitation from Mr. Hyne His Excellency had arranged to stay as his guest. Shortly before 2 o'clock the volunteers, under the command of Captain Sheridan,. and Lieutenants Annear and Tooth, marched down, and were drawn up in double line along the wharf, and soon after the pro cession of the children belonging te the Prim School, the Convent School, the non-vested (R. C.) and the East Maryborough School fol lowed down in excellent order, escorted by their teachers; and carrying handsome banners with mottoes appropriate to the event Arrived at the wjiarf, the little ones filed off into their appointed' place, which was speedily filled with a moving mass of happy child faces, set off to best advantage by the prevalent tints of blue and white; Under the shelter shed at the wharf accommodation had been provided for the Corporation and those citizens who had obtained tickets of admission. About 20 minutes past 2 the smoke of the steamer began to shew among the trees on the opposite bank, indicating that she would soon make her Ap pearance ioundiug Wilson's Point In antici pation of this, and to witness the firing of the vice regal salute, a large crowd had assem bled^in the Botanic Gardens, and the river bank from the Baths all the way round to Graham's wharf was lined with spectators, of whom we estimate that there were at least 3000 present. As the steamer carae in, a salute of 17 guns was fired from a battery of four pieces, placed in a commanding position on the river bank near the summer house usually occupied by the band on concert nights. Thi salute was fired with fair regularity after the first few discharges, which were perhaps, a lectin out of time. The Premier's gun did good se:vice on the oc casion, and it must have been gratifying to Mr. Douglas to see or, rather, hear it so well employed so Boon - after its arrival in Mary borough. The scene at this moment was a very gay one, the well-dressed crowds on. the bank which the late rains had clothed in a mantle of vivid greenj the cal m river glittering in bright sunshine, and lively with crafts ' dressed'' in all colors of the rainbow (among whom the steamer Edina was conspicuous for a lavish display of bunting), the gay decorations on the Wharf, and in the line of Wharf-street, and the measured fire of the guns as the Lady Bowen slowly grew under observation, as with almost un perceptible motion she neared the wharf, formed, altogether, quite an imposing tablean, the effect of which was heightened by the band of the Georgia Minstrels, who were on board the steamer, striking up a lively melange of old English airs. The Landing* After some little delay in making the Bteamer fast, running on the gangway and re arranging the line of carpeting that had been laid down on the wharf for the vice regal party, His Excellency landed, accompanied by hiB private Secretary (Mr. C. O'Callaghan), the Hon. John Douglas, the Hon. Jas Dickson (Colonial Treasurer), the Hon, W. Miles (Min ister for Works), Captain Heath, R.N., (Portmaster), and Messrs H C. Stanley (Chief Engineer of Rail trays), and C. L. De pree (in chargeof surveys). His Excellency was received on the wharf by ' His Worship the Mayor, the volunteers presenting arms as he passed through their lines and was conducted nnder the shed, where he was welcomed by the other members of the Municipal Council, on whose behalf the Town Clerk ^Mr P. Wells) read the following address. To His Excellency Sir 4- C. Kennedy, 1LC.M.G., G.B., Governor and Commander in Chief of the Colony of Queensland and its Dependencies. May it please Your Excellency,— We, the Mayor and Aldermen of the Municipality of Maryborough, have the honor, on behalf of ourselves and the inhabitants, to off^r ygn our l^unble but hearty welcome on this your flot visit, and to express our loyalty to oar Most $(itei6us Majesty the Queen, and to you as her repre sentative in this the Colony of Queensland. It gave 4s gre&t; pleasure to team that Your Excellency had consented it) turn the first sod of the Maryborough and Gyiflple Railway, which work is, we trust, the initiation of a systeiii of communication with distant towns and districts, which will eventually tend to mutual interest and benefit all. We feel confident that when your Excellency becomes acquainted with the resources of the district you will fully appreciate their magnitude, and.see that this Im portant work has not been commenced'too soon. Permit us to wish that your Excellency and family may enjoy the blessings of health and peace daring your government of the colony. In sonclusion, we earnestly hope that this your first visit to the town is the forerunner of many more, thus giving us the opportunity on future occasions of shewing loyalty our We have the honor to be Yours ever most respectfully, R. M. Hyne, Mayor. Maryborough, Queensland, 23rd March 1878. The address — beautifully engrossed and illum inated on vellum by Mr. W. Home — was re ceived by his Excellency, who replied nearly to the following effect : — Mr. Mayor, Ladies, and Gentlemen, — It does not, I am sure, need any set form of words to thank you for your kind reception It is es pecially grateful as an earnest of your loyalty to our Queen, as whose representative I have everywhere been received in ihe most loyal manner There could not be a more appropri ate occasion forjjmy first visit to Maryborough than the inauguration of the railway between your town and Gympie. a work that I feel sure will conduce largely to the pro«perity, and give rise to most beneficial changes in the character of Maryborough. Yon have been kind enough in your address to wish me health and peace ; if I do not enjoy them it will be my own fault ; for I have met with nothing bnt kindness and cordiality on every occasion Bince I came to Queensland, the interests of which you will always find me ready to promote to the utmost of my ability. Your late Mayor, Mr. Annear, on my arrival in Brisbane, prom ised me a cordial reception if ever I should visit Maryborough, and.you have well redeemed that promise. The conclusion of His Excellency's speech was the signal for a hearty round of cheers from the bystanders, with ' one cheer more for Mr. Douglas,' when the town band, who Were in attendance, in volunteer uniform, struct in with ' for he's a jolly good follow,' thus notifying to the bystanders that the more ceremonious portion of the affair was over. The Mayor then invited Sir Arthur into the carriage that was in waiting at the laud side of the wharf, and whence His Excellency had a good view of the assembled schools, which were grouped in a semicircle as follows : — The central position was occupied by the Mary borough Primary School, the infants being grouped in the middle, with the boys' school on their right and the girls on their left hand. On the right of the Primary Boys' School was ranged the Non- Vested School (boys only) and to the right of this the east Maryborough Prim ary School, the girls of the Convent School and of the East Maryborough Primary School occu pying corresponding positions on the other or left side. On the appearance of His Excellency all the children, 2000 in number, intoned the National Anthem, which, supported by so large a number of young voices, could not be other wise than effective, and considering that the various schools had never before that day had an opportunity of rehearsing together, was very creditably sung. The Mayor's carriage, containing Sir Arthur, the Mayor, Mr. Douglas, and Mr. O'Callaghan. (private secretary) then drove oS, at a rapid pace, escorted by Inspector Lloyds mounted troopers, who made a brave show, aud followed at a considerable interval by carriages provided bv the Mayor and Mr. Annear, and containing the other members of His Excellency's suit. The route taken by the viceregal cortige was up Wharf -treet, past the Customs Hotel the balcony of which, as also that of the New Bank of New South Wales, opposite, aad of the Court house, was thronged with spectators, along Richmond and Alice Stroets. into Adelaide Street, and so round through Kent Street to the Royal Hot 1. Almost all the houses in these streets were more or less decorated with festoons of evergreens, flags, and floral devices. At the Commercial Bank a huge streamer spanned the street, inscribed ' Welcome to His Excellency,' and triumphal arches, clothed in greenery and bearing the words ' welcome' and ' Advance Maryborough ' had been erected in Richmond Street, near the Sydney Hotel,' in Adelaide Street, near Alderman Noakes' shop and at the junction of Kent and Bazaar Streets. The latter was a really effective and imposing con struction, designed by Mr. J. V. Williams, the Town Surveyor, who was unfortunately pre vented by illness from superintending its erec tion. Of the private decorations, the most effective were those of the row of premises known as the Quesn's Arcade, which the pro prietress, Mrs. Goodwin, had caused to »-e en wreathed in garlands from end to end, inter spersed with Chinese lanterns, which, after dark, produced a very pretty effect. The front premises of Mr. Hirst and Mr. Stupart and Messrs. Horsburgh and Co. were also ''dressed' with much taste. At the Royal. The carriages having made tbe tour of the town by the route mentioned, reached the Royal simultaneously with the large concourse of citizens who had meanwhile been wending their way up from the wharf The intention had been that the volunteers should have , marched up during this time and have been | ready to form a guard of honor to the Governor i on his alighting at the Hotel. Owiug to the speed at which the carriages had to be driven, however, the firing, the music, and the general excitement having made the horses difficult of control, this part of the programme had to be omitted, and the corps, after oeing marched up in front of the Town Hall, where there dis missed The visitors having alighted, His Excellency shortly after appeared on the bal cony of the hotel, where ho was serenaded by the Town Band, and afterwards wituessed the return procession of the Schools to the School building on the reseive, whence, after being regaled with cake aud fruit, they dispersed to their several homes. The white population now having had their innings, the turn came for the aborigiual '-lords of the soil' to wel . ome the Governor. These children of the forest, to the number of over a hundred, were marshalled in front of the hotel by Alderman Booker, and under the guidance of thu-ir chiefs '? Yorkey ' and ' Tommy Martin '' joined men, women, and children, in a by no means inhar monious chaunt, expressive of welcome, and ac companied wi'h much gesticulation and wrigg ling of limbs. A round of cheers for the Governor, very well ' rendered)' considering) wound up the grotesqua performance. AfLer which two of the patriarchs of the tribe were admitted to the balcony aud presented to His Excellency. Laying the Foundation Stone of St. Paul's (New) Church. This ceremony was performed by the Gover nor, at the appointed time, half-past four, on the ground in Lennox-Street. The stone laid on this occasion was the one at the Western corner of the intended building, of which only a sma 1 portion of the foundation has as yet been laid. The Rev. T. Holme (the incumbent) and the Rev. A. Maclaren officiated in the religion* services appointed for the occasion, and which had been published in a neat pamphlet form for distribution among these who took part, The Church ground was filled with a very large concourse of all denomina tions, and it was with the utmost difficulty that a clear space could be maintained for the per formance of the ceremony under an awning rigged for the purpose. Here were assembled a large number of prominent members of the Church of England, and on the arrival of Sir Arthur, accompanied by the Mayor aud the Hon. John Douglas, the service was begun by the Rev T. Holme according to the ritual pro vided, which included besides certain appro priate versicles and responses, ths recitation of the Apostles Creed, of the Lord's Prayer, and of the 27th Psalm. The lesson appointed for the rite was read by the Rev. A. Maclaren. At the proper place in the service. Mr. H Palmer addressed His Excellency, pre senting him with a silver trowel on behalf of the Building Committee and the Church-wardens, and requesting him to lay the stone. The latter was then raised to allow of the mortar being spread, which was done in workmanlike fashion by Messrs. Caldwell and Taylor.the con tractors ,ind metal boxcOnta;ning the nsual documents having been securely fixed in 4 cavity on the under Bide of the Stone, it was again lowered on to its bed. Sir ArtEut Kennedy then ' tried'' the stone in the ilsiial way. with plumb and level, and, striking it with the mallet, declared the stone well and truly laid, and also repeated the formula, ' In the faith of ..'esus Christ we place this stone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son. and of the Holy Ghost : Amen.' The concluding words of tbe outdoor service having been spoken by the Minister. Sir Arthur Kennedy briefly addressed those present, exhorting them to be libera- in their donations towards the erection of the church, bo that they might cele brate the opening services in a church free of debt. In conclusion, he headed the collection by placing a closed envelope on the stone, which was speedily covered with the contribu tions of the faithful to the extent, as we subse quently ascertained, of about £122. The congregation then adjourned to the in terior of the Cburchj where the remainder of the service was gone through, the anthem ' I was glad.' and the fouudatiou hymn ' The Church's one foundation' being exquisitely sung by the choir. The documents, See . placed under the stone included the following statement : — His Excellency Sir Arthur Eiward Kennedy, K.C-ALG., G.B., Governor of Queensland The Right Reverond Matthew Blayden Hale, D.D., Bishop. R. M. Hyne, Esquire, Mayor Reverend Thomas Holme, Incumbent of the Parish Thomas R. Dlcldns^ William H. Irving -Churohwatdens Henry J. Gray J The above with— William A. Holme'} Thomas Rraddock J- Building Committee Henry Palmer J P. D. G. Stanley, Esq. ^ Architect Messrs. Caldwell and Tavlor, Builders James Robertson, Clerk cf Works Estimated cost of building, including fittings, £5000 Amount of present contract ? 3S8S Amount of subscriptions to date .. .. 2500 Work first seriously taken in hand at the Easter Meeting held April, 1877. Chief stone laid by His Excellency Sir Arthur Edward Kennedy, K.C.M.G., C.B., on Thursday, 2lst day of March, 1S78, fit 5 o'clock p.m, hein^ the occasioo of His Excellency's first visit to Maryborough, and in the- 41st year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. To the above statement was appended a con cise history of the progress of ihe Church of England in Maryboroigh, from the first begin nings, supplied by Mr H. Palmer In addition to the official document, were a selection of the coins of the realm of latest date, and copies of the last previous issue of the Maryborough Chronicle and the Wide Bay News. The Concert at the Town Hall. In the evening, in compliance with previous invitation, the Governor attended an amateur concert at the Town Hall, which was well filled, notwithstanding the powerful counter attraction of the Georgia Minstrels at the other end of the town. Variety and effect had been well studied in the selection of the numbers on the programme, which were, generally speak ing, well performed, and the entertainment was consequently an unalloyed success. The entertainment began with the concerted piece, ' The Sea Flowers,' which was well and truly rendered. Next followed a flute solo, ' Home Sweet Home': the player was evi dently at ease with his instrument, and the applause at conclusion was well deserved. The singer of the ' Old Arm Chair' could not be too highly complimented on the artistic and sympathetic rendering of this song. Messrs. Robarts and Norton shewed themselves thoroughly proficient in the dnett of ' Lurline,' and Mr. C. J. Miers gained applause, not so much in *? Only to Love' as in the ' War ong,' which was a ' decided hit.' The song, '? The Beating of my own Heart,' gave the oppor tunity of reintrod icing an old favorite to the Maryborough audience, and her appearance was the signal for a hearty round of applause ; ill neBs unfortunately prevented this lady from singing at her best, but her efforts were re warded by an encore, when she gracefully sang the well known favorite. ' Speak to me.' The player of *? The Carnival de Venice' decidedly bore off the palm for the piano solo, but the performers of 'Zingari' and ' chulhofFs grand Valse' are well worthy of mention. ?' Never More' was well and faithfully sung. When this song is known to the Maryborough audience it will doubtless receive the appre ciation it deserves, a mong the songs especially worthy of mention are ' What was I to Say,' ?' Carissinia.' ' Sweet Home,' ' The Merry Men of England,' and ' Good-bye Sweetheart. Good- bye.' In a few words, the Concert may be summed up as being a decided success in every sense of the word. The Levee was held at the Town Hall yesterday morning. His Excellency's party consisted of the Hon, ?f. Douglas. M.L. A., the Hon. J. R. Dickson, M.L.A., the Hon. W. Miles, M L. A., Captain G. P. Heath. R.N., -'aptain Sheridan. Letter I. Company Maryborough Volunteers, Inspector Lloyd. The Mayor having introduced members of the Corporation, the general reception followed. The following gentlemen attended . Armitage, H. ; Allbon, S. J. B. Burkitt, A. ; Burn. G. H. ; Blanchard J. ; Baruett. T. S. : Baynham, W R. ; Bragg, S. ; Buttanshaw, R. H. : Bryant, F. ; Bogild, J. A. ; Baker, Thomas ; Booker, C. E. S. ; Boughey, W. : Buckle, Kev. J. ; Barns, W. ; Benstead. J. Corser, E. B. C. ; Canny, W. : Corser, H. ; Clayton, T. E. ; Cliiug, J. junr. ; Corfield, H. C ; Clayton, R. B. B. ; Cran, Robert ; Cowley, A. S. ; Canny. M. Davis, J. F. : Dunn, F. O.; Dowzer, James ; Dickins, Thomas R. Foster, Charles ; Faircloth, George ; Francis, Chris. Gibson. W L G. : Graham, Peter : Gilbert, J. H. ; Graham, John. Harricks, Dr. ; Horrocks, C. C. ; Howard, W lliam : Holme, W A. ; Holme, Rev. T. ; Howard, George. Jones, Robert. Keith. William; Knipei Rev J. I.; Keith, James, D. Lyons. Hi ; Lyons, M. A. ; Lloyd, S P. Missing, II. ; Man nix, M. H. ; Morton, T. ; M' Do wall, A. : Miller, T ; M urray, Jonathan ; Mariindale, J ; llicrs, C. J. ; Menzies, Wil liam ; Monckton, Hugh ; Macnish, R. R. O'Kelly. P.; O'Callaghan. Powell. Charles: Purser. John; Penny, Tom; Power, Dr. ; Palmer, H. Perkin, T. Robertson, James ; Rowland, Harrold ; Rogers, W. -!. : lieinhardt, Charles ; Roebuck, G. W. ; Robertson. M. H. ; Rawson, L. B. ; Ramsay. Percy ; Roberts, W. S Stupart, George ; Sturt, Dr. ; Southerden, E. B. : Scougall, It. W. ; Simpson, F. G. ; Stringer, C. A. Tooth, N. E. N. ; Terry, S. B. Walker. Henry ; White, Thomas ; Waish, M S. ; Wells, A. S. L. ; Wells, E. P. ; Whitley. W ; Walker^ Will am ; White, G. Fi ; Watson, G. A. Visit to the Schools His Excel 'enny, attended by the Premier* the members of the School Committee, and other gentlemen, visit. d the State Schools at 11.30 yesterday. The boys, numbering 240, were first visited. After singiug a verse of each of the followiug, ' The National Anthem,' ' The Wide Bay Voluuteers,' and ' Home, sweet home,' His Excellency addressed the boys in a short practical speech, and then re quested a half-holiday for them. Three ring ing cheers were given, and then the girls, numbering 170, were visited. Four bouquets were here presented, and a verse of each of the following sung, ' National (Anthem,' ' Should school acquaintance be forgot?' and ' Love at Home.' His Excellency then addressed the girls, and having given them a half-holiday, passed on to the infants who mustered 220 strong. ' After expressing their loyalty in the u=iual manner, they saug a piece in which hands and feet, as well as voices, arc callcd in requisition. After addressing the little ones, and signing his name in the Visitors' Books, His Excellency left, apparently much pleased with his visit. The external and ia erual decorations at the School, by the way. reflect great credit on the teachers who aBBisted in put'ing them up. The Governor was then driven to the Non Vested School, where he was received by Mr. Healy, the teacher, who had contrived, by a system of plain but tasteful decoration, to set off the interior of the somewhat dilapidated building to best advantage. One of the most youthful of the scholars, aged 7, then stepped forward and clearly, and without hesitation', read the following address To His ExeeUency Sir A E. Kennedy, K.C.M.G.; GoVern Cir d! Queensland, liay It please Your Excellency,— We, the scholars pf St. Mary s non-vested Primary School, desire heartily to congratulate youjon tliis your first visit to|Maiyborpugh; and to express our earnest hope that we may have the pleasure of welcoming you for many years to come. We beg to assure you of our sincere and loyal attach ment to tne throne and person of our Most Gracious Sovereign Queen Victoria, and to yonr Excellency as her representative in this her distint Colony in which our lot is cast, and we trust that the many advantages which we derive from the liber&l; Education afforded us and the excellent institutions *ith which we are sur rounded, will tend to fit lis for the proper perfohnance of those duties which will shortly devolve upon us as subjects and citizens. Wishing your Excellency- long life, health, and happi ness, We beg to remain, Your itiost bumble and ot'edient servants, [For ourselves and fellow scholare.] His Excellency replied . as follows r— My children, I am glad to find you express such sentiments as I have just heard. There is no doubt but you ought all to thank the Great God for ti.e many benefits you enjoy in this conntry which your parents had not the opportunity of enjoying in their youth There are two courses open before you ; one is that of rectitude and uprightness, attention to the in structions received from your teachers, a goo-' education, and all the advantages to be derive''' from it ; the other is inattention, idleness, and waste of the precious time of your yoitth, which you will afterwards regret. If there are many in this school as well advanced as the child— as I inav call him— that read the address, it reflects great credit on the teacher. At the Foundry. From the school, the vice-regai party, accom panied by the Mayor, drove to the Union Foundry, the works of Messrs J. Walker & CTJ where they were shown the process of breaking up a large mass of metal under the steam hammer preparatory to smelting, and the pass age from the furnace into the mould of several t -ns of molten metai, which emerged in the form of a gigantic flywheel, made to the order of the Golden Crown Com pany, Gympie. The party were then escorted over the workrooms and shops, the Governoi? expressing himself surprised at the magnitude and variety of t!.e operations of the firm. The Launch. A little before two o'clock, Kent Street and the converging thoroughfares, were filled with & stream of people, flowing towards the shin building yards of Messrs. Walker and Co. Kent Street, and with royal punctualitv the Goveraor and auite arrived on the ground at hour named for tbe launch on the cards of in vitation, which had been issued in numbers by the firm. On his Excellency's arrival, the band. dressed in their uniform, blue with white facmss. strucli up God Save the Queen, while the Governor and people, with more lovaltv than discretion, stood bareheaded under tbe burning sun. A babel of noise, shouting, and hammering away the chocks, succeeded for a i few minutes, when the barge began to move almost imperceptibly, and then a bottle of champagne, gaily dressed in red, white and blue ribbons, was broken against her bow by Mies Wood, and then the newly christened or baptised ' Dugong' glided into what, bv a poetical fiction, iej called her native element, greeted by vociferous and hearty cheers from the crowd on shore and the people on board the Schnapper, (the sister vessel launched last November, and now lying moored alongside the wharf, near the stocks,) cheers which were returned with interest by the workmen on board the barge. The way on the ' Dugon'' after leaving the slip, would have carried her stern first into the opposite bank, but she was brought up by an anchor dropped in mid stream, and swung round with the tide as if to the manner born. No assistance by hawser or otherwise was necessary in her progress down the ways, and the launch was a complete suc cess. A luncheon was provided in the workshod by Messr3. Walker and Co. for the friends of the firm, to which the Governor and suite, with the Huus. Messrs. Douglas, Miles, Dickson, and the leading townspeople were invited. The first toast, ?' The firm of Messrs. John Walker and Qo ,' was proposed by his Excellency, and replied toby Mr. Braddock ?' The Governor' was then drnnk with, if possible, more cheera than greeted the builders, his Excellency reply ing in suitable terms. During the proceed- J ings, the band played several pieces with effect* and responded to the toasts in an original and becoming manner. ° The 'Dugong' is a sister barge to the Schnapper, length overall, 147 feet : beam, 23 feet ; length of hopper, 50 feet ; total capacity of hopper, 350 tons 'spoil' or silt. She wiil be supplied with engines similar to those on board the Schnapper, which arc as good as any* thing that can be manufactured anywhere south of the line, and would compare, not unfavor ably, with high class English work. The engines are combined surface condensers, of forty-seven nominal, equal to 150 actual, horse power. and are capable of propelling this un wieldy monster of the shallows, rather than of the deep, at the rate of 9 knots an hoar. After the launch, an accident happened on board the Schnapper, that was merely ludicrous in its resultB, which, however, might have been serious A number of planks, loosely laid over the hopper to bridge the gulf between ' fore' aud ' aft,'' so as to enable visitors to pass from stem to stern en promenade , gave way under the weight of oue or two men. who, but for / their amazing agility in clinging to the iron -- beam and chains that run fore and aft amid- $ ships, would have found a watery grave at ihe bottom of the hopper. Happily, there were no women or children ou the planks at the time, or damage wonld have betm done. As it was, the afternoon did not pass away entirely without its contretemps, two children being knocked down by one of the trucks with 'empties'1 crossing the street on the tramway connecting the Foundry with he wharf. One of them fell across the rails, but her leg, slight as it was, acted as a break and stopped the truck, though Bhe was jammed between the wheel and the rail for a few minutes. The other child was thrown down and had a few teeth knocked out. The Citizens' Ball. In the evening, His Excellency was present at the Citizens' Ball, which he led off with the Lady Mayoress (Mrs. Hyne in the first qua drille, having for their vis-a-vis Captain Sheri dan and Mrs. Annear, the cX- Mayoress. 1110*' assemblage was a very brilliant one, the supper and the music alike excellent, and when, at 2 o'clock this morning, we went to press, dancing was still proceeding vigorously. 