LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE NEW PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. (From the Goulburn Herald.) This interesting ceremony took place on Tuesday afternoon, and the occasion drew together a large number of people. Before giving an account of the day's proceedings it may be as well to advert to the rise and progress of Primitive Methodism in this city. In 1856 the Rev. William Colley was appointed to the district, and his duties embraced a rather wide and scattered field, extending from Bowral in the east to Manaro in the south, thence to Jerrawa westward and north to Tarlo. The foundation stone of what must now be called the old church was laid on the 6th September, 1858, by Mr. R. Waring, solicitor, the Rev. Mr. Colley being minister and preaching the first sermon in it in February following. Since that time a succession of ministers have been appointed giving in their turn place to others, as the rules of the church require the removal of ministers at stated periods. The present church, which is a small, unpretending struc- ture, situate in Bradley-street, being found too small to accommodate the increasing congregation, was slightly enlarged and altered some time back. It was however found that if the wants of the congre- gation were to be met it was absolutely necessary to erect a new and more spacious building. It may not be amiss to add that in connexion with the church is a well-attended Sunday-school carefully watched over by the members of the congregation, and for the accommodation of the children larger space is required. On the arrival of Mr. Studds, the present minister, a few months ago, it was determined at once to raise a new building. Subscriptions were invited and a tea-meeting held at which such liberal promises of support were made that it was determined to delay the work no longer. The Rev. Mr. Studds procured plans and specifications, and tenders were called for the work. The new building will be situated on a piece of ground belonging to the church, and adjoining that on which the present church stands, but instead of facing Bradley-street the new structure will have its principal front to Lagoon-street close to the junction of that street with Auburn-street. The plan of the building was designed by by Mr. H. O. Bell, architect of this city, and is of the Gothic style of architecture. The body of the build- ing is oblong and without a chancel, and is fifty feet long by thirty-three feet wide, having a porch on each side of the west end eight feet by nine. The walls of the building will be supported by but tresses, and will be sixteen feet high from the floor- line, with a coved ceiling rising about seven feet. The windows are to be of figured cathedral glass with stained glass margins. The building when completed is calculated to hold from three hundred and fifty to four hundred persons, and the estimated cost is about £1000. The walls are to be of rubble stone-work to the base-course and then of brick, the contract for which has been taken by Messrs. Richardson ; that for the carpenter's work by Mr. Wilkie ; and for the plasterer's work by Mr. Daniel Kennedy. THE LAYING OF THE STONE. According to the programme of the day's proceed- ings, shortly after two p.m. the committee, accom- panied by members of the congregation, with the children of the Sunday-school, marched in procession (headed by the oddfellows' band) from the old church along Bradley, Sloane, Verner, and Auburn streets to the site of the new building. Arriving at the site it was apparent that care had been taken as far as possible for the accommodation of the public, seats being provided on a raised plat- form for the convenience of visitors. These were speedily filled, and the ground on every side of the foundation was also soon taken up by persons anxi- ous to view or take part in the ceremony. The weather was unfavourable, being extremely windy and dusty. As soon as those present had taken their res- pective places, the Rev. Mr. Studds opened the pro- ceedings by calling upon those present to sing the 106th hymn, commencing "And will the Great Eternal God," after which the Rev. P. Tweedie read the 122nd Psalm, and an appropriate prayer was offered by the Rev. J. Lawton. The Rev. J. Studds remarked that according to the programme he was to deliver an address; but as the wind was so high he thought he had better post- pone what he had to say till the meeting in the evening. It was now twenty-two years ago since the first Primitive Methodist minister took charge of the Goulburn circuit; and the foundation-stone of the present Primitive Methodist church was laid on the 6th September, 1858, now nearly twenty years ago. When it was built it was doubtless large enough to meet the wants of the congregation ; but Goulburn was not then, he presumed, half the size it was at present. They had found it necessary to take the present step in consequence of their increas- ing congregation, as the old church was scarce large enough to accommodate the Sabbath-schoolchildren ; while on Sunday evening they often could not find room for those who came to attend the services. They were consequently obliged to do something to enable all their people to worship God. The build- ing- committee proposed to proceed in the orthodox way, and to deposit under the foundation-stone the bottle he held in his hand, containing copies of the Penny Post, the Goulburn Herald, the Primitive Methodist, the Protestant Standard, and the follow- ing scroll:— The foundation-stone of this church was laid by William Davies, Esq., M.L.A. for the electorate of Argyle, and memorial stones were laid by Aaron Cole Esq., William Martin Esq., Daniel Kadwell Esq., and T. Grunsell Esq., on Tuesday, August 13th A.D 1878, in the sixty-eighth year of the existence of the Primitive Methodist connexion, and in the forty-second year of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, his Excellency Sir Hercules George Robert Robinson, K.G.C., S.M.G., being Governor Commander-in-Chief of the colony of New South Wales and its dependencies. Rev. James Studds and Rev. Peter Tweedie, ministers of circuit. Trustees—Daniel Kadwell, James Morgan, George Crundwell, William Brown, William Walker, Robert Butts, and Henry Kad- well. Architect—H O. Bell Esq. Messrs. Richardson and Son —brick and stonework. Carpenters' and Joiners' work --Thomas Wilkie. Plastering—Daniel Kennedy. Statistics of the Primi- tive Methodist connexion :—Members, 182,491 ; ministers, 1122 ; local preachers, 15,542 ; class-leaders, 10,438 ; Sabbath-schools, 3945 ; teachers, 57,374 ; scholars, 358,358 ; connexional churches, 4126; other chapels and preaching- rooms, 2242; value of church property, £1,979,220. Goulburn, August 13th, 1878. The only way in which they intended to depart from the orthodox way was in not placing any coins in the bottle. They required all the coins they could get to complete the building. He had been requested by the trustees to present to Mr. William Davies a mallet and silver trowel wherewith to lay the stone, and had now much pleasure in begging his accept- ance of them and asking him to proceed to lay the stone. Mr. Studds then handed Mr. Davies a handsome mallet and a silver trowel bearing the following in- scription : —" Presented to William Davies Esq., M.L.A., on the occasion of laying the foundation- stone of the Primitive Methodist church, Goulburn, August 13th, 1878." The stone having been adjusted in its place and duly levelled, Wiliam Davies Esq., M.LA. after giving it two or three taps with the mallet, said " I declare this stone well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, as the foundation-stone of a building to be used for the worship of the Triune God, under the denomination of the Primitive Methodists." He congratulated the promoters of' the movement at the apparent sympathy of the people, shown by the attendance that day; but it must be remembered that it was most desirable that when a new church was opened for divine worship, it should be free from debt. To-day it was not only sympathy that was required but practical sympathy showing itself in substantial aid. He was glad to see so many present and hoped to see them all at the public meeting prepared to contribute to the funds. He came there in performance of a Christian duty towards a Protestant church of which he was not a member, and he was glad to see that others in Goul- burn were of the same way of feeling, and he hoped, that all the adult part of those present would make a point of attending the meeting at the lecture hall. The Primitive Methodists in num- bers were a weak body; but the proposed place of worship could not be erected or used without exer- cising a certain amount of influence in Goulburn, and they must look upon the erection of such edifices as likely to have an important influence upon the future of Australia. Wherever a Christian church was erected it benefitted not only the members of its own denomination but of every other denomina- tion in the land. He would now take leave of them all till they met in the evening. The Rev. J. Studds said that having presented Mr. Davies with a trowel and mallet, it was the intention of the committee to present each of the gentlemen laying the memorial stones with a book, as a slight memento of the occasion. Mr. Wm. Martin then proceeded to lay the first memorial stone, after which he thanked the Primi- tive Methodists for the honor they had done him. He would like to make a few remarks, but as the wind was too strong for his voice, he would be brief. He had responded to the call with gladness as he knew the walls of the building would re-echo the glad tidings of salvation. He thought their asking him, a member of a different denomination, to lay the stone, showed the sympathy between the differ- ent Protestant denominations. Hoping to meet them at the evening meeting, he would not detain them any longer. Mr. Aaron Cole was called upon to lay the next stone, the Rev. Mr. Studds stating that Mr. Betts, who was to have done so, was unavoidably absent. Mr. Cole, having performed the duty, remarked that he was called upon unexpectedly and was not prepared to speak ; still he was very glad to see so many present showing sympathy with the move- ment. Mr. Kadwell, being called upon to lay the next stone, came forward and after doing so said he was one of the oldest Primitive Methodists in Goulburn, but was not brought up originally as a member of that body, nor did he wish to see Primitive Method- ism advance above other Protestant denominations. Their present church was too small and they wanted a new one. Well, he had given £50 towards it, and if others would give £50, or £20, or £10, or £5, and if he could see a fair number of £1-notes laid on the stone they would get a goodly sum. It did not matter by what name they were called, the work was for Christ, and he trusted that Christ would aid them. They were, he trusted, all working heaven- ward, and when they met there they might rejoice that they had assisted in that good work. He con- cluded by asking all those who attended the meeting in the evening to come prepared with something in aid of the work. If they did so, what they gave they gave to the Lord and they would never regret it. Mr. Thomas Grunsell, having laid the next memorial- stone, said he did not intend to make a speech; but was glad to see them all and to see also that they patronized the little folks. He had laid the stone in connexion with the Primitive Methodist church because he was the oldest member of the denomination in Goulburn. He was converted when he was seventeen years old, and found at that early age that he had quite enough in his mind to cause him great concern. He found the Primitive Methodists ready to assist him when a word in season was most precious. He was proud of the change, and glad to belong to the company who had formed the procession that day, and hoped that after today more would be thought of them than heretofore. During the last twenty years ten churches had been built under the auspices of the Primitive Methodists—at Green Gully, at Crook- well, where having been found too small it had been enlarged, at Jerrawa, Run-of-Water, Parkesbourne, Marulan, Bowral, Moss Vale, and Arthursleigh, and he hoped that in twenty years more they would see the works of God carried on in a more successful manner. He was pleased to see so many present, and hoped to live long enough to see their children using the new church to the honor and glory of God. The books presented to the gentlemen who laid the memorial stones were the Land of the Pharoahs, Egypt and Syria, and Those Holy Piles, Palestine, by the Rev. S. Manney, neatly bound, and well illus- trated. The Rev. J. Studds then announced the following donations :— Mrs. Ross, £1 1/; R . C. Joplin, £2 2/ ; Captain Day, £1 ; Donald Michael, £2 2/; R. Craig senior, £3 3/ . Those present were then invited to place their contributions on the stone, and several persons also went round with plates, making collections. We are unable to state the amount contributed. The Rev. J. Studds called upon those present to give three cheers for the Queen, which was heartily responded to, after which cheers were given for his Excellency the Governor, for Mr. Davies, for those who had laid the memorial - stones, and for all who had assisted at tho ceremony. 