Murrumbidgee Spring Meeting. — The ittention of those interested is directed, to fche advertisement in our present issue, giv ing notice that the general entry closes at 4 p.m. on Thursday, September 19. Accidents. — We hear that a little girl of Mr. Arthur Dempsey's a few days ago over balanced backwards into a boiler of scalding water, and sustained very severe injuries; but the little, sufferer is now, we believe, out of danger. Mr. Robert M'Cutcheon, of the Railway Hotel, has had his shoulder dislo cated by being knocked down in the stable by horses. Both patients, under the treat ment of Dr. Combe, are now almost com pletely recovered. Public School.— On Friday last the listrict school-inspector, Mr. Murray, ex imined the children of tee Cootttmundra Public School ; and, though nothing definite s known of the result, he said a fair amount ?-f progress was observable' in the school. It will be seen that weather-sheds are to be orected. Congo School.— Residents at Congo have learned from the visit of the inspector that they will be required to bear the cost of building their own school-house, and want to know the reason of this. The reason is that the Council cannot expend money upon any property not vested in them. We would recommend the residents of Congo to apply to the Government for a grant of land as a school-site which will overcome the difficulty. We shall be glad to assist them in the matter. Amateur Concert. — Elsewhere will be found the programme of an amateur enter tainment to take place in the Church or England schoolroom on Friday next, 20th instant ; and as the object is to raise l'unds for the benefit of the church (Roman. Catho lic), it is deserving of support, and will no doubt be largely patronised. New Rates Sheet.— The Commissioner for Railways has just issued a new rates sheet, which has caused some indignation in in this district in the freights charged on several lines. It seems a very funny ar rangement that, for particular articles, rates are to be heavier to Cootamundra than fco Wagga. For galvanized iron, wire, and nails the rates to Cootamundra will be 8/5 per ton higher than to Wagga; and for woolpacks £3/13/3 is charged to Cootamun U-a,, whilst- £2/11/1 is the rate to Wagga. Some action is to be taken in this matter here.— A reduction has been made in the rates for carrying cattle. £8/3/8 per truck was formerly the charge, which is now re duced to £6/19/7. We understand that Mr. Edward Strongitharm,' of Cootamundra, deserves the credit of bring about this re duction. The former charge was felt to be a very oppressive one. ~ * Selections at Young.— On. Thursday :r Herbert Connell Croaker, 40a, Burramun dra; Thomas A. Barnes, 50a, Demondrille. Permission to Purchase.— The Bank of New South Wales will be permitted to .pur chase two lots of 320 and 160 acres, parish of Wallundry, county of . Bland, Narraburra. Impounded at South Gundagai on the oth September, by Mr . W. Edwards : — Roan steer, like ££ near rump. To be sold 26th September. Impounded at* Burrangong on the Uth September, i878, from Back Creek, by New land Brothers : — Brown or black mare, WJ j over 5 near shoulder, like horseshoe brand near thigh, hog mane, lame near fore leg, aged', 14 hands. Dew of the Alps.— Long beforp tbp days of William Tell, the mountaineers of the Swiss Alps regarded this cordial as their best safeguard against disease, and the surest restorative when weakened by sickness or prostrated by fatigue and hardships. In 1867 it received the first medium at the Paris Exposition, and since its -introduction into United States it has become famous through* out the Western Hemisphere as an appetiser and invigorant. In Australia, although un known in any of the colonies a few years ago, it is preferred to any other tonic, both on account of its exquisite flavour awd its wonderful effects in restoring the appetite and building up the system of the debilitated arid broken down. AusT-KAidAJxs, oe on your guara against spurious imitations of the benign and palat able elixir,- Udolpho Woolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps, of which counterfeits are manufactured at home and abroad by disreputable speculators and sold ? in this market. Some of the shams are bottled and labeled to represent the real article ; others only approximate to it in appearance, but all of them are deficient in the remedial pro perties and flavour of the true Schnapps. 'Hollow ay's Pills.— The Body's Bulwarks.— Nine- tenths of the maladies- afflicting adults depend upon a 'disordered'state of the stomach. Holloway's Pills cor rect the symptoms of indigestion by acting healthily on the gastrifl Juice, and ?wholesomely exciting the live*. They dispel flatujepcy (n incipient indigestion, and over come heat, distention, and pain £ttep-Ju?g more advanced or neglected cases, These pills invigorate, and Boon re store the dyspeptic from the great and sudden depression of strength always accompanying stomachic diaordefa or biliary derangement. They beget cheerfulness, vigour, | and happiness. In rectifying disorders of the digestive ; apparatus these pills prove themselves the promptest I preventives of disease. They raise a bulwark against all approaching maladies nnd preserve freshness, health, and I llfe- G Concert.— An umusinu; and entertainment was given in l; Cair.ou of England schoolroom on Friday uia:hfc in, aid of the improvements to Albert Park ; and was largely attended by an attentive and what appeared to be a well pleased audience. .The opening glee, ' We meet again,' was very well rendered by Messrs. Chapman, E. Barnes, Ellen, and Shoobert, to the accom paniment of Mrs. E. Barnes ; and was fol lowed by that good old song, 'The Miller of the Dee,' capitally sung by Mr. Ellen. The comic song, ' Don't make a noise,' by Mr. Riches, brought down the house, who were not satisfied until that gentleman for an encore gave ' Fie for Shame' in excellent 4-1-* rnin a» tm 4* V* /TPAAfl Duyxc? f xu.ii vuia^uucwx ujuuii ouxig wiuu guvu effect ' Castles in the air,' which was well received by the audience, who gave the usual testimony with more feeling. ' Nancy Barr' (comic), given in character by Mr. T M. Evans, was one of the successes of the evening, the encore, was responded to by ' The Vexed Wife,' equally well sung. 'Australia,' well sung by Mr. E.Barnes, may be classed as patriotic, and certainly gave great satisfaction. The Glee, ' Ella Leone,' was then well given by Messrs. Chapman. E. Barnes, Ellen, and Shoobert and for music aiming higher than comic was certainly the gem of the evening. The first part was brought to a close by a humorous stump speech from Mr. Riches, who is undoubtedly- a great acquisition to our local amateur talent, and for the space of ten minutes he kept the audience in one con tinual roar of laughter. The second part, the. solemn meeting of three Quakers, was well mounted and solemnity duly performed, until they sang their hymn, when it turned to uproar and discord. The final part was the farce of the ' Ghost in a Pawn-shop,' when all did their, best to please and went through their respective parts, without a hitch, the acting of Mr. Ellen was most ludicrous, and .certainly received careful study. ' This brought a pleasant evening to a close, and financially, we have since learned, netted between £11 and £12 to the Trustees of the Albert Park. Cricketers. — Referring to our paragraj)h in last issue, the Burrmigoruj Argus says that, from, the desultory manner in which prac tice is being commenced by Younj? cricket ers, they do not think any tcum from there will be likely to visit Cootmnundra tl^p sea son. It is rather early, however, for organ ised practice. — We hear that a team from Barwang, . with Evans, tho champion cricketer, at its head, wish to arrange for a match. — The secretary of our club has been instructed to try and arrange matches with Gundagai, Tumut, Wagga, Yass, Goulburn, Murrumburrah, and Young. Selections at Cootamundra. — Thurs- day last : — J. J. Murphy, 40a, Cooney ; John Kearns, 40a, Dudaman; Wm. Cowley, 634fa, Merrybindinyah. Selections at Gundagai. — Thursday last: — Samuel Barnett, 40a, Mitta Mitta;; Joshua Bushell, sen., 86a, Nangus; John Tibberty, 80a, Burra. Parliamentary Gleanings.— Mr. Su therland, in reply to Mr. J. Davies, said that as the plans, &c.;, of the railway from Junee to Narandera had not been approved of by resolution;' of Parliament, tenders for its construction could not be invited. Until plans, &c.;, were approved the line could not be said to have been affirmed by Parliament. — Captian Onslow raised a question of privi lege to draw attention to a letter in - the Echo of Wednesday, to the effect that ' it is currently reported that three members of Parliament are at the present date largely indebted to the Oommissipner fpr Railways for freight of goods, and that these accounts have in one or more instances been allowed to accumulate in spite of repeated applica tions for payment.' If that statement was true, the matter ought to be investigated, and if it was not true, the writer of the statement or the editor of the paper ought to be punished. [Mr. Dillon: We have no privileges.] The hon. gentleman then handed the mper containing the statement referred to the Minister for Works, and the subject dropped. — Mr. J. Davies, for Captain Onslow, asked the Secretary for Lands, ' 1. Does the statement made by a writer in the Sydney Morning Herald of August 27, that a menjber of Parliament has been guilty of making a false 4Qplaration, and in that way attempting to obtain 'possession pf land fraudulently, refer to any member of tie Legislative Assembly ? 2. Is it true, as stated by the same writer, that the ' remon strance' of this person, and others who have made similar false declarations, received the same attention as legitimate applications F 3\. Do the Government intend ,to take any steps to vindicate the honour of Pajd^ifteiit so seriously impugned.' Mr. Farnell said (1) I believe it does not refer to any member pf the Assembly ; (2) all representations and remon8ti!anpes yepeiye attention alike, with- ! out respect of persons, -i-Oi) tfrp jnption of Mr. Jacobs, leave was given to bring in a bill, to amend the Impounding 4ot of 1865, aud the bill was brought in, and read the first time. 