THEATRE ROYAL. Mr. J. H. Rainford, whose ghost illusions at White's Rooms have not proved successful from a financial point of view, was on Monday even-<*> ing the recipient of a "benefit" at the Theatre Boyaljtendsred to lum by tbe management and ■ lib frlenas, $n acknowledgment of his past can : section with the drama in the old theatre, anft'his popolarify as stage manager and as"-* member-of tie company with which ; ;te was then connected. Mr. Stamford's -' trienai tallied rmmd him in good force. as -Oece was a capital boose; which would nodoubt would have 4>een larger still bad not r*he counter-attraction of the oonoart in aid of ■?e CbOdxan's Hospital taken olace on the same evening. Bobertwm's excellent comedv of *H2kate" was revived for this ocsasioti, and oa ~. .Hie -whole -was very well presented. We need \- notrspeak pf tie play itself, which must be ' *j^XK^ to all pa&oos; of the drama, bat we ' can commend "ibe management for the efficient : style in which it was plaeed-upon theetage,an<i -we performers for. the -very creditable and amusing mammr in which the several parts were unstained. Mr. Bainlord assumed the «ery_ well in the earlier scenes. Hie was of t^Hiiw. awarded a Tery hearty 'deception when be first made his appearance, and was after wards called before' the curtain. Mr. Rey nolds filled the role of Captain Hawtree satisfactorily, bat Mr. Hollo- ' -way as Ecdes more than answered the expectations of hie friends. He was well made op, and gave so good a conception pf the part Oat it might almost be regarded as one of ins best imperaonation?. He was loudly ap vlandea^as was also Mr-Owen as Sam Gerridge. Mr. Owen threw a great deal of quiet humor into ti>e part of Bam, whose leading ambition was to thrive in btuiness and marry Polly. Hiss Hftp* Knight was, as she always is, in exube xant spirits, and as Folly Eccles won the applause of the house, which Miss Carry ; George asXsther Eccles also deservedly received, j The Mnrqnise de St. Manx was well represented fcy Miss Kate Arden. At tine* close of the comedy Mr. Rainford made a brief speech from the foot lighte,in which he expressed his thanks to the amdienee,and to the ladies and gentlemen who had ao kindly exerted themselves on his behalf, ' SnclndmgMr.AllisonandMr.lawxenoe,whogave fcimtheuseof theMSS.of tfaeplay. Mr.Chas. Wallace afterwards appeared in negro imper- Bonatanti?, anfl «w«n<a<rfaii.it tl a Tl t<?Anrlndocl with Cie second act of "Nemesis. 1' An announcement was made by Mr. Hblloway that the same bill wfll be repeated this evening. 