MR. JONES'S ITEM. He caine into the office, and drawing a chair up close to a reporter's tabic he said to the reporter: " Take a bit of paper arid I'll give you a good item." When the reporter was ready the visiter began: "Yesterday ul'ternoon Mrs. Joues—my wife,-you know —and'my daughter drove'out witfi my bay mare for a little ride. Jenny was driving the mare, coining down from Mouut Fairy to the Wissahickon, when just below the crest of the hill she kicked oif her shoes." Jeuuy did?" "No; the mare. Mrs. Jones, however, concluded to go 011, as the roads were soft and tlie .mare-quiet; so Jenny let her proceed slowly down the liill." Jenny, Mrs. Jones, or the marc?" "Tbe mare of'course. A few minutes later, howover, while Jenny was stopping to pick some ferns for her mother, a liy or. something bit her upon the nose." " Upon Jenny 1 s noise, or her mother's ?" " No, no! The mare's nose; bit the mare upon the nose, and Jenny had hardly time to get back j into the carriage before she began to rear and 1 plunge in a most alarming manner." "Not Jenny?" "0 pshaw, the animal, the mare; Mrs. Jones, of course, was very much frightened, the marc seemed really excited, and she began to scream violently and to try to get out of the back of the carriage." "The mare did ?" " Mrs. Jones. But Jenny told her she could manage the mare if she would sit still." " If the mare would sit—" If her mother would sit still, but just then a buckle broke, and Jenny was unable to prevent the mare from dashing down the hill ata frightful pace. When they came to .a bridge over the creek, Mrs. Jones was overjoyed to observe the mare come to a dead stop; but, unhappily, the next moment a Jit of blind staggers struck her, and—" " Struck Mrs. Jones, or the—?" "Don't yon understandV Struck the mare, and before Jenny could comprehend the situation, she reeled about upon the bridge in an uncertain sort of way, while Airs. Jones was completely unnerved and without self-control, and the next moment she turned an entire somersault over the side of the bridge into the water." " Are you referring now to Mrs. Jones, or Jenny, or the mare V" " Why the S p s S m uiare! Of course she carried the carriage with her, and Mrs. Jones and Jenny iu it. The three sauk to the bottom but the inure immediately struck out for the shore, and Jenny clasped her by the tail. As they swam past Mrs. Jones, Mrs. Jones clutched at her dress—" " Not the mare's dress?" "At Jenny's dress, and forced her to loose her hold upon the tail." " I thought you said Jenny had hold upon the tail; not Mrs. Jones?"* "So I did. Mrs. Jones had hold of the—the—I mean, yes, Jenny had hold of the mare's tail, and Mrs, Jones hud hold of her dress." " Whose dress, Jenny or the—?" " Yon , know very well what I mean. Mrs. Jones held on to Jenny and Jenny to the mare, but Sirs. Jones pulled her loose, unintentionally, of course, and us the mare swam oft' Mrs. , Jones said to her—" "To the mare?" "You think you're smart now don't y< m ? You know well enough I mean Jenny." " Well then, Jenny said to the mare, what? "I came in here," said Mr. Jones, fiercely, " to give you a first-rate item, and I was going to tell you what Mrs Jones- said about tbe mare being dragged from tlie water and how she turned somersaults all the way home ;' but hanged if I'll do it now." Tlie reporter rose slowly, and elevating a chair to ward oif tbe missiles, he calmly inquired, " AVhat object had Mrs. Jones in turning somersaults nil th« way home ?" The people who saw Mr. Jones come down the stairs and emerge from the front door says he looked as white as if he had seen a ghost.— Philadelphia, Bulletin. Primogeniture has advantage for the firstborn To the first child, when at three years old it breaks a plate, we say, " Did 'em deu ; well donee be frighte'uey." The second 011 a similar occasion we scold, tbe third we turn out of the room, and the fourth we whip. 