PORTFOLIO. The beauties of nature, we hear some individuals saying, are unworthy of the regard of a Christian; they are carinal, under the curse, and are intended for trials and temptations; the pleasures of life, arts, letters, music, beauty, are sinful, when precious time is spent upon them by an immortal soul. They take up the words of Cecil, and say, without his de votion, "I want to see no more sea, hills, fields, abbeys, or castles; I find vanity pervading everything but eternity and its concerns, and perceive these things to be intended for children." Such Christians are terribly one-sided; they have a poor idea of the goodness of God's law, and a very narrow idea of God's holiness. They recognize merely the unearthly aspect of religion ; they are grateful to God only for spiritual blessings. They shut them selves out from much that softens and blesses the heart, under the strange im pression that God is acceptably served by mortifications and privations which are supposed to be in themselves grateful to Him. Let such individuals learn from the freedom and naturalness of Christ's life in. all things, from the direct rebuke given to the apostle from heaven, that the beauties of nature and the innocent joys of life, which they call common and unclean, are purified by God's blessing and Christ's human experience, and may be made the ministers of faith and the means of grace to the humble loving soul. Let themilearn to call nothing which God. has given, which He upholds for wise and gracious purposes, common or unclean. Let us all beware, in our scruples about' mere outward things, of neglecting the inward, vital things of the spirit ; remem bering 'that the kingdom of God is ,not meat and drink, doing or not doing exter nal things, but righteousness and peace and joy in the'Holy Ghost. Let us take warning by the example'of the Pharisees, who began with scruples about meats, washing of bands, and a hundred other little fidgetty difficulties and subtle dis tinctions, and ended with the basest bypoc risy; who beganwith tithing milit, anise, and cummin, and ,ended with neglecting mercy.and judgment and truth.' Let us take heed that we narrow not too rigidly. by our ceremonial excldsiveness, the con fines 2f things that are, lawful and inno cent in themselves, lest. we inake sad the heart which God has not made sai, andl make our religion hateful to others, and.a living death ourselves-killing the, world. and the soul too. We may contract,thbe common, of life by enclosure, until we drive trespassers into forbidden pleasures. The only true gospel strictness is that which " fences duties round so as to make their performance easier and surer;'and which fences the heart round so as to make our feelings purer and more human, and therefore more spiritual and heavenly." -The.Garden anmd the City.: 