tVrafreIer. IN .BE HEABT OF tjBE S HARTZ. V?nao the 'Stuboenberg one can enter the Balsle Valley, which, with its mountain walls rIsdng Ike barriers on either aide, eo?aln grandually till i is lost in the plain. The villages of the Belkethal are exoeed. fglypretoy aod intermsting. i esgdprawg, ithe extensive fouandries, Ms shain~g sttttion, and the queer stories rss±ta'ng to it, with whloh one can be eher d for a long sainmer's day; £l?ltbsa, a small waterlog-plsee, cool and sweet with invigorating mountain breezes; sad from the beautifoloegbht called Viston hllhe?.?re have unrollea before us a fnll panornma of vale,, stream, mountain, and i, gardens,. prk, and oastlses. Of the .liter, the most impaosing is that of the Flkstele, it ude corrounded by tell m and oaks. S'rm the Stubenberg we that strange liu?leofbandtone rock, the Teufelmauner, or ensil?s Wal,.so ealled beeranse his Satanlo si?et, Jjealous of then pid spreadof Ohris ailty in that region, determined to set -asrtahlaer crhlmdat, within whose limits isg shbonuld be snpreme, and where no coo should ever hear a whisper ol any other Ingdom than his own. oerdingly he ordered his eubjects to build a • wal igba nough to resach the shy, and s trougthat no power of heaven oould prevail against It. Every night and all night these spirts of darkhess toiled, piling up huge bloaks of stone, bat with the lint ray St motinig light they were obliged to flee to their darkeaves, and as coon as the sun rose, the'stones, by some invisible haids wore always thrown down again. at last, in utter despair of ever being able to complete their "work, they sbadoned it, and the result of t~iait anomestouns eaterpriie is a broad range oltpltnreoque .ro k stretching from B.laken u'b B?allenetealt, and very beantiul It is ili growth of mouantain shrubs and wild firers. At'Blakenbutg.ione can sojourn pleas. antly for a week, makihg eharming pedes tdlman tpur' in the environs. These tours Sm ors t Interesting in late summer, when .hlthb er in in falloest bloom, its countless tinytbells shedding a rose tint over the whelealdsespe. 'fa wilking to the Blegenstein, about two milesuorith of the oity, one's path in lined wlthinwrer, and every orlmbling ruin of theanolent fortress is fringed with blos som. a ourious old place is this Regen a'te'? ? r ? eiheenetelno swith its romantio a.eoeet i.nsit· t nemories oe %i~iustrioue \- ,xand its grewsome legends. ',A W1u' a-u.., if we may oredit anlcient e1ssiules, a battle was fought on the epot whiiere Wornigemode now stands. :--X.,suhe-ple of Thuringl, led by their i- tIod: oelvisch, suht to take posseion of t~:his reg~on hy liiing the inhabitanta *ferther~jort -bau-a labig them, indeed, to th i iiem ltoilt of the aHrtr. By the zlgt prtwecs of their champion, Hate. boldhowev·er, the Saoe weare victoriouse; Sthd ugi n fedleaving five ehooand ..oftheir men upon the Bel.' oThe Saxone, in raitude to their hero, sptretd o build him a castle in any place whIli bhe. might designate. within their domiion'. ",hen he beheld this mountain risitngreoqlptonsly tmeerly three hundred .feet'above the plain, be exlaoimed to hie followre," Heroon this egegat?in let ua ceut on..tronghol~r" .(In the ancient Saron dialect- Regn.. ignfed .eihen, meanintwoaer iss.) This, acoordingly, th d, and though tew of the walls are etandkthere is a wondrous charm about' bl6oed dn, withith di dark passcges hews in'the 6aid roek, ite eastle keep, and its mxelu ells. The gloomiest of these, S. thTefehoch, is a round rooms, measuring . in idthaud height only four feet, and th· e elo?ie hbch frtightful torments that we a stoaly:too thankful to escspe into the munehie trin.. • . During Thirty ears' War this fort' resswaa besisged and taken by Wallen ateln;'ltkte captured by the French in l · 7fi7iSnl soona fter dimantled by Frede risk the Great. On the highest point 'the wartchtower sta?ld?. It in broken away at the top, the atanDs hlavefallen Sn and of the sandy ?si:~i Dbough ba lodged there to nourish sui?h edlisa re aborne hthither by the wind; and ae peoeful aspect t presents with is crownof pseen shrubs, and its grey noe;eyi elothed withtrailin vines and i burg itself is full of interest; a qusnt old town with irregular atreete rongbly paved, housee adorned with eurious arings stone arohways overgrown with is, while high above the market-place. far removed from the sound of toll and trafic, the dusal chabteau rises white and fair against ts dark background of wooded bills Thisis a summer reeidence of the Duke of Bmrunwik, and of course many romantio .tales cluster around it-what wouildiestlbe e wcrth withont them P It is hiansted, aot varidnas thimes and eea~ .ecs'the chief ghost being that of "the whitelady f .BLskenhbrg." She seldem appeewbea strangerm are present, -and tidsedtlaoeaetelanhinformed as that she is more often heard than seen.. Asshe flits throgbcorridom~ and balls the rustle of her robseis distictly audible, while doors open-a4lose behind her, although at'the tiamethey may be double locked and barred. .She is euppoeed to be the once famous Countese won Orlamiade, who, for some evil-deed committed while in the body, cais nad notnnet in the grave, and so returns to wander aimlessly through the old castle. The portrait of the "white lady" bhae. its place in the gallery among those of other anoeatora of the house of BrunswicLk. SThe moet beautiful of all the pieturee in the.amstle is that of Maria Theresa, who spentl much of her early life here, and whoae portrait now adorns the exquisite room which was once her own boudoir. e Hrontire suite of apartmente is thrown epens o visitors, as wellsa the ducal library \--large,bhandso me room eontaining a few raepioturessnd works of art-thearmory, dining-room, and grand' entrance hball. From the terrce a fine view of the sur rounding country is obtained, and a broad avenue leads down to the high road. On our way from Blankeaburg to the Brocken we turned aside from the main rodfolowing a pathup a steep hill, elled itegenkopf, on-the summit of which is a restanuant and garden, where we dined. Our hest greeted uos in uench fluent Englrh that we ventured to compliment him thoerepon, when, with a shrewd emile, be replied, "I am no (ermas; l am an Ameri. can.andfought for the Union during the whole civil war I" Where may we not look for ouresoldiers after thisef Could any thing be more amazing thean to run acroe a alsoahuneette soldier eatering to the eapric?lou? appetites of travellers of every nation on a granite peek of the Harts . ountains P Thin bill is a meet attractive spot, rising nearly fourteen hundred feet above the plslnwitk an outlook dear and oninter-. rupted; rnd there in the still summer after noon, with scarely breese enough to rustle the leaves overhead, we gazed eaumly away into the dark Tfragrant, weeds,-to the valley glowing with eun ight .?d at the distant summite over whl?utaint wreaths of mist were curling, tee light to conceal, only making softer flheir??gged outlines. PEom Zlegenkopt we proeeded by dil. geto WePrnigerode-an ancient town at the foot of a softly rounded alnence crowned by the oastle and ark of Count stlciberg.Wernigerode The is sovered with magnificent woods on the ene lde, while on the other meadoe height with fiusers elope gently down to the pjialn. The route fromWernigerode to the Brocken is one of the pleantest in the Trts. It winds aroond the eastern base of the mountain, preenting a ine view of the Holzemme Valley, with forest crowned heights and water-falls. As we approach the Brooken the road becomes wilder and more rugged, the scene changing with every turn. Atone moment we are urging our horses up a sharp ascent, rough with rolling stones, and dark from the heavy foliage binterltelng trees; the next, we had alighted and were walking through open glades amid fern and waving grasses. Again, we came suddenly upon a mountain brook foaming end plashing over rooes far above, to fallintothe stream below; then silence end beds of wild flowers-the pale, bluish-white blossoms of the wild let. toie, harebells, Alpine roses, and forget-me nots. Stopping to gather a handful of these pretty things, there sounded through the still srt the tinkle of bells and the "yodel" of the herdempn, who soon appeared driving before him his goats and gentle dun-ooloured oosa. Soon after, a flook of geese came rushing over the crest of the bill, followed bye most piteire?sque old "auiosefrsa," in a short red pettloost, blue apron and jacket, white friled cap, and wooden shoes. She carried a rook, and flew down the steep path over the stocks and stones and gnarled roots as fearlessly as her geese. Theyall went whbiz. ing by, together with such a flapping of wings and soreeohing and quasoking as might have soared the very witches on the Brooken. We stood breathless till she was nearly out of sight, when some one esalled to know bow many geese she had in her flock. Torn ing her bead, she shouted back, "Filont haun dert," and then vanished as completely as if the mountuin had opened and swallowed her. Most likely ithad, for we were near to the Brooken, and we never saw her nor a solitary goose afterward. As we now male the toilsome asenotnbe tween enormons granite boulders, the rooks assumed most grotesque shabpes, and we bs gan to feel the influence of this ewe-inspir ing spot, the abode of hobgobline and epeotres, stirring within us. We fanoied we could see the witches dancing round the "Teulalekeesel" in which their loathsome supper was preparing, and glanoed askance at the "Devil's Polpit," the "Witches' Altar," and the " Goblin's Drinking Cup," as their forms showed dimly through the clounds now risiog from the valley. The sun had set and night wee fast olosing in around.ues. Now we heard distant thunder, the wind whistled and sbrieked, and the air was full of strange, shadowy forms. What matter if they were only clouds of vapour rolling up Irom the depths below ? Were we not jeustified, in the darknesrs of that haunted place, in thinking them witobes waving their besome threateningly, and then vanishing with a sound of fapping wings? We could no longer see.even so far sas'our hoerses' heads, yet on we drove through mist and rain, trusting blindly to our guide to land nu--somewhure. A sudden ray of light streamed acros our path, and we found ourselves at the open door of the inn. This eight revived our spirite at once, and a hot seupper, ten minutes later, served to restore oar failing courage; for it must be confessed that during the last half hour some of our party had sorely repented ever having set foot in the witches' dominion. Under the influece of a warm and brightly lighted room, however, things assumed a different aspect. Stories were told, Brooken mysteries dis eosed, and midnight settled down upon the mountain as quietly as over our peaceful hills at home. We were to be called at four o'olook to see the sunrise; and on a clear morning-of which there are two or three during the season-the view from this'beight must be glorious. The first words that greeted me in the morning were these: "Eight o'clock, as I live I What do you suppose the witches have done with the sun ? There-isn't any here. Look I" And drawing aside the ourtain, there was not only no rsu, but no world; evreythiag had vanished utterly, We were above the clouds and in them and under them; there was no sky, no earth, nor even a sound to remind us of the world we had left only the night before. Suddenly from our stove, a greet ungainly German affair, there issued a noeise as of oraekling fire; but no human hand had todehed that stove i A breath of sul phureous vapour was exhaled through the zoom, and each moment the air grew heavier and beotter. Verily this was uneodarable. Summoning the philosopher of the party, we begged him to explain this phenomenon, wherenpon he coalmly stated that the store was built up, acsording to a .fashion of this region, for the double purpose of warming two apartments, and the draughts and place for kindling happened to be oni the other side of the wall. Ignoring the shouts of laughter from the rest of the party, we humbhy suggested breakfast, and then a speedy flight from this diabohiMl region. Before taking our depertapre, however, we groped about among the clonds, hoping for a glimpse of-something, not "the spectre;" we had had enough of that. We listened calmly while our host enumerated the cities and towns and montain-peaks and rivers and plains and the rest of the world that could be seen from the tower in fair weather, while for as the tower itself was a mere shadow looming up before our windows as the mist lifted for an instant, and then melting sway again before we had decided whether it was square or round. The only suebstantial thing worth record. nlg which we found on that mountain was a gigantic Bt. Bernard dog. We discovered his head and shoulders, and then coaxed him into the house that we might have a foll view. He proved to be as handsome so he is brave, this noble "Leo," who has resnaed from suffering and death many a travellUer lost in the clouds of this strange apper world. As we drove saway from the Brooken a burden seemed lifted from our soule, and the sweet valley echoed with our songs and laughter. Was there evr a dayso full of sunshine and singing of birds as this that greeted na after our strange imprisonmenot? Trees, brooke, lowers, everything whispered a welcome. Detraeing our steps along the road we had traversed yesterday, we trned aside at 1senburg that we might take a peep at least into the valley over which, according to tradition, tair Prinocss Ile reigns. We reeted under the ashadow of her rock, thebs beautiful seistelio, listened to her silvery voloe where she goes singing and lesping down the moon'ain, and recalled the story of the wilful child who finally became a "prinoses of the purest water," and a bless ting beyond price to all who dwelt in the sweet I1enthal. A suroaroLr emedy ferhydrophobla is used in oermcin ditrOiets of Rt?etls, where the disuase i very prevalent. This remedy Is the ro.eeRsel. The people searb ensrefally in the spring for the lroarv of thi insect. Put them in eartbher jars with the earth in whlob they are found, snd when the metae morphosl takes place they kill the beetles and dry them. The powder must be kept heroetially sealed. Some persons preserve the beetles In sealed jarm, and reduce to powder only wLhen wanted. It is said that thaee beetles, powdered and spread on bread enmd botter, is the doe for an adult, given immedIately sfter the bite; one for a child; but five to a pereon in whoe the diaseu han darared iLtself. The seret is usnealy to predone a long ap, which oemetlmes last thlrty.ez hours, mnd which most not on msy aeeount be interupted. The pteisnt on waking in pronound oured, bet the bits is aldeo always tented cugioly. Beetler crauht on flowers are not so benedcidt; they moust be secured in the slarva stage, and killed directly after the ehange. The Bueslans in several of the governorah.pa toward the nouth always give their dogs from time to time half a roae.beetle on a little bread as a preventive.l 