PAPAL CONCLAVE. THE lato telegrams from Europe, which armoimco that a Conclave of Cardinals is hoing held ta elect a successor to Pius the Ninth, revive tho interest felt hy all classes in tho forms used for tho election of a bishop to fill tho chair of St. Peter. The subjoined description is extracted from a work entitled " Pius thu Ninth ; or tho First Year of his Pontificate. By Count C. A. do Goddes do Liancourt, of tho Pontifical Academy of the Lincei at Rome, and James A. Manning, Esq., of tho Inner Temple." The Conclave is tho place whero tho Cardinals assemble for tho election of a Pope. Tho namo is also given to the assembly of Cardinals who aro engaged in tho election, who seloct tho place which they think proper, tho name not being applicable to any particular locality, although tho Vatican, or palaco of St. Peter, has for ti long timo been tho chosen spot, and is in fact tho best adapted for tho purpose by reason of its grandeur and majesty, for the facility of guarding it from interruption, its courts and galleries, tho grand square before the palace, and finally for tho convenience of the position ns rcgnrds tho adoration of tho Popo, a ceremony which is held there after tlte election ; and as tho obsequies of tho Pope tako placo in that church, it is much more convenient for tho Cardinals to pass in procession from tho church to tho palace. Thus thc consultation of tho Cardinals ns to tho place of holding the Conclavo ÍB a more matter of form. In a large chamber of tho Vatican aro built as many cells as there nro Cardinals ; tho cells are funned of deal planks, and each has a partition for the Conclavists, persons appointed to wait upon tho Cardinals during the delibera- tion of tho Conclave. Tho Cardinals draw lots for the cells, each cell having a corresponding number to that whichmay be drawn, sothatjt frequently occurs that Cardinals of different political senti- ments aro lodged in adjoining cells. There is a narrow passago botwetn ouch cell, when there aro suveral in tho samo chamber or gallery, but the same precautions are observed when the cells are in separate chambers by means of a partition of planks, tho open space serving for the Conclavists. Tho cells remain, during all tho nine days, destined^ to the funeral obsequies of the deceased Pope, during which period the nobility and people of distinction visit the Conclave. Tho cells are all covered with green camlet or serge, with the exception of those belonging to the Cardinals who were promoted by the deceased Pope, which are of a dark violet ; and on tho door of each cell aro tho armorial boarings of its occupant. Between tho cells and the wintlows of thc Vatican there ia a long gallory for thc accommodation of the Conclavo,. and it is from thia gallen- that thc» cells receive light.* The Conclavo being thus opened, the order of tho Papal election proceeds as follows : It is known that the Popes aro elected by ft majority oi two-thirds of tho votes, excluding that of tho candidate, Tho Sacred Collego, when complete, is composod of seventy Cardinals. 1. Six Cardinals, called Cardinal Bishops, ot Bpiscopi Suburbicarii-that is to say, tho Bishops of Ve letri, Porto-Santo- Rutino, and Civita-Vdcchia, I-'rascati, Albano, and Palestrina and Sabina. 2. Of fifty Cardinal Pi ie3ts, amongst whom aro found a number of archbishop! and bishops of all countries. 3. Of fourteen Cardina Deans. This number of seventy, however, is never coni' pletely filled up ; thoro aro sometimes fro rn ñfty-four te sixty Cardinals-thoro were sixty in October, 1842. Then is nothing to prevent the existence of the gireater number but, habitually, tho seventy are never completed. Th Cardinal Dean of the Sacred College is tho chief of th Order of Bishops. The oldest Cardinal Prittet is 1he ebie of tho Order of Priests. Tho oldest Cardinal Dean is th chief of tho Order of Deacons. To judge rightly of tho operation of a Conclave, the; begin by counting tho number of Cardinal» whom health «ge, and distanco may permit to join the Cc mclave. Tho they try to discover whero the Inclusive will bo, and hov they will be able to securo the Exclusive. The Inclusive comprehends tho number of Cardinal from among whom it is intended to choose tho Pope. Th Exclusive comprehends a sufficient number of votes to pre ?ent tho Inclusive from being ablo to carry out its objocl by deciding the choice. Let us supnoso that the Conclave is co aiposcd of sixt Cardinals. Two-thirds of sixty are forty ; if to these fort wc add ono vote, as that of the candidate ca nhot be counted the Inclusivo is formed, and whore theiw i^> no fear ci i defection, tho nomination is secure. Tho Exclusive, i: j opposition, must bo composed at least of the remaining thir of the votes, and to be sure of its calculatio n, it should hav i ouo vote moro, because tivcnty-ono can p revent the othe thirty-nine from making any nominatio a. The Italia i Cardinals always form tho centre of the Inclusive. It i among them, according to their not unrea sonable opinior. ! that tho Pope should be found. Experience pioves that this cour=o anc£ this system at of very evident advantage to tho Holy Siie. Moreover, i i appeare that tho great Powers can organi ee this Exclusiv or opposition party by forming it of their national Cardinal! and tho Cardinals under their influence, or altogether fret andthoso finally who would not proceed immediately to tb oxpresBion of their sentiments. After thiis, it is necessar to avoid tho inconvenience pointed out by Cardinal 'tl Bernis, who in a memorandum attached to "a despatch nd dressed to M. do Vorgonnes, under dato of October, 177< said-" The Inclusivo line excludes no one, and propose whom it pleases ; the Exclusive law exclud es, becomes odioui and ¡soften tricked." There were formerly three modes of. election-1. Tl Adoration, which was a general agreement to name a cand dato on tho Bpot without any oppos ition, and withoi scrutiny of which wo have examples in the election of Pot Gregory XIII, and Pope Sixtus V. 2.. Tho Compromis an example of which occurred in the election of the Frenci man, Pope Clement V. 3. Tho ballot, or scrutiny. Th is the ordinary form. Thero aro two itcrutinies every da; The first scrutiny is followed by tho iLccesso, as a matti of course, if the scrutiny be not delSnitive. When tl election is not concluded in tho morning, a secor. scrutiny is proceeded with in tho evening, followed t another Accesso. In order to form to oneself an exact idea of the foi malities preparatory to the scrutiny, nceordiuec to tho rogi lations ot Gregory'XV., it should be known that schedule or printed tickets, aro prepared, so that each vote may I given in a uniform manner. In tho morning, tho Maste; of Ceremonies (who have a very important charge at Ronn warn the Cardinals that it is timo to repair to tho Hoi Chapel, saying, "ail Capellam Domini." Whither tl Cnrdinnls instantly repnir. On the first day the Cardin Decano, or Dean (the senior of tho six Cardinal-Bishops celebrates tho Mass of the Holy Ghost, at which tho Card nuls communicate, going to tho altar two and two. Eat Cardinal wears a long robe of violet sorgo, a vcstuici which is peculiar to theso Conclavist meetings. On tl other, days Mass is celebrated by tho Sagrista, assisted 1 two Masters of Ceremonies. Tho Mass being concluded, very detailed extract is road from tho Bulls of the Ceroiui nial issued by Popo Gregory XV. Then thoy placo a tab before tho altar on which lies tho text of tho oath (in lar{ letters) which every Cardinal is to take. There are al placed on tho fable two chalices and two basins or lar¡ cups. Three Cardinals-Scrutators ara chosen by lot, and Hil three Cardinals- Infirmiers, whoso duties will bo oxplaino Every Cardinal is admonished to preparo himself to recei a sohedulo, and to write IIÍB suffrage with his own hand. Although all tho proceedings and tho number of vot and tho manner in which they nre to bo given may lia boon agreed upon beforehand, uso is modo of this, at tl last moment, to securo and sustain tho hesitating Cn dînais. A check is always to bo oxpected, as a promiei vote may bo lost, tho promise-breaker remaining unknowi and tho managers must also bo in readiness to profit by fortunate chango if au unexpected vote bo received. For"tl rest, the chiefs of factions, that is to say, parties, lui' naturally their oyes fixed upou their partisans and vi versa. Tho greatest politeness and a fueling of nffeclii and respect reign in nfl tho proceedings of the Concluv Tho Scrutators and Infirmiers, ns they aro chosen by lc belong to all parties, und must maintain a strict reservo their conduct. Tho schedulos aro about eight inches long and four broa and aro divided by different parallel lines, forming unoqu sluices, each of which lias its special purpose. In tho first space, marked A, each Cardinal writes h name af tor theso words-" Ego Cardinalis." Tho secoi space, B, is roservod for tho first fold of tho paper. Tl third space, C, receives two seals, which fix Ibo fold wi soft wax. For theso seals it ÍB necessary that the Cn dinals provide themselves with a considerable numb of dift'oreut impressions, which may not bo easily reco; nized, und will securely fasten the first fold. On tho four space, D, tho Cardinal elector writes tho namo of tl Cardinal he elects after theso words, " Row D. MEUM. 1 Cardinale»!." Tho fifth space, E, receives two otb impressions, to cover tho unmo of tho elected ; then a fo is made in E. Tho seventh spaco, G, contains a mimbi ninety-five, for instance, or seventeen, or any other, ai sumo words taken from Scripture, such us, " Èxur JJomine," " Dominus Dixit," " JJimitte Servian " Omma Tanilas," ¿cc. Hero tho paper is folded undi and tho last space is loft blank. Tho opposite side of t Bchodulo, or voting paper, is ornamented with t\ vignettes, to conceal tho writing within, and to prevent ptnotrating oye from rendiug, by moans of any transparent of tho paper, a writing strongly marked by au insect! hand. Tho first operation of tho scrutiny consists, ns wo befe * The same ceremonies are observed whether thc Conclave held nt thc Vatican or the Quirinal unid, in tho nominal ion'of.throo Sorutalors, to whom, ií necessary, aro added an equal number oí Injlrmitrs, charged to receivo the votoH ot infirm Cardinals, who may be detained in bcd or in their celia. Tho Cardinal Scrutators and tho Cardinal Infirmiers aro drawn by lot. It is the youngest Cardinal ' Dean who .draws-from n violet damask bag, after having shaken and mixed them-tho balls, whoreon are inscribed tho name» of all tho Cardinals present nt tho _ Con- clave. As soon RS tho Scrutators and tho Infirmiers are named they tuko their places beforo tho table, on which there is a little box to receive tho votes af tho infirm Cardi- nals. Tho votoä nro introduced by nn opening in tho middlo of tho cover of tho case in queation. Tho Scrutators open this box, turn it over, showing tho inside, and thus provo that it is entirely empty ; then they lock it, and return it to the Infirmiers. Tho Cardinal Dean first presents himself nt the table, and, taking o schedule from tho first basin, tums towards . ono of the other tables ranged round tbe chapel, writes his own name thereon, folds tho voting paper, seals it with the first and second impression, writes tho name of tho elected, seals with the third and fourth impression, folds again» writes tho number and tho passage of Scripture which ho has selected, nnd makes tho final fold. This operation is rapidly executed during the latter days of tho Conclave after it has boen performed four times a day from tho beginning of its session. We should also observo that th« masters of tho ceremonies havo previously prepared tho papers with soft wax at the points in tho spaces C and E, which aro to receive tho impressions of tho seals. When they leave tho chapel nnd tho ballot and acccsso have occupied a shorter time than usual, ono Cnrdinol will sometimes say to his neighbours, iamo I'ratici," (Now wo aro getting on). Each Cardinal votes according to his rank-that is to say, first, the Cardinal Bishops, then Cardinal Priests, and lastly tho Cardinal Deans ; and when each has written his suffrage, the Decano takes his between two fingers only, holds it up so .hat it maybe seen by all ; turns towards tho altar, kneels, says a short prayer,'and, after rising, pro- nounces tho oathi inscribed in "largo black letters, on tho table before tho altar. This oath is as follows : "Tester Christum Dominum qui mo judicaturas ost, eligere quern seeundum Deum, judieo oligi deberé; et quod idam in nccessu prtestabo." '. I call God, who will bo my judge, to witness that I elect him whom I believe in God ought to bo elected, which I will also do in the acccsso." Tho oath being pronounced, ho lays tho Echedulo on tho patena of ono of tho chalices and returns to his pince. Im- mediately after, tho Deacons, tho Cardiuals-Infirmiors, although their rank may not perhaps call thom, laka, their suffrages to the altar, and go through tho samo cere- mony. Then they go out, that they may the sooner return with tho suffrages of the sick. After tho Infirmier, each Cardinal approaches tho altar in the order of his rank, and deposits his vote. Sometimes a Cardinal who 13'present may bo unnb'o, from infirmity, to rise and go to tho tnblo to write his vote, hold it in the air with two fingers, and bear it to thc altar. In such a case tho last-drawn Scrutator approaches, pre- sents him his prepared schedule, receives tho written suffrage folded and sealed, hears tho oath, and returns with tho schedule, -when, after raising it in the air, he deposita it in the chalico, where it is united with the other votes. Tho Cardinals-Infinniers, who voto next after tho Deacons, having repaired to tho cell of one of their infirm colleagues, present him with a prepared schedule and a copy of tho oath. Tho sick Cardinal writes, folds, nnd seals his voting paper, and with the assistance of tho Infirmiers, who must always be present, ho goos through the samo form as the Cardinals in tho chapel havo previously observed. If it should happen that a sick Cardinal cannot write, he is permitted to borrow the aid of another at his choice, tho chosen party pledging himself religiously to keap the secret of tho vote. " The box, being brought back to tho chapel, is opened by tho Scrutators, who ascertain thnt thora aro as many votes as lhere are infirm Cardinals. This recognition liindo, they plnco tho schedule of tho infirm ona by one in tho chalice. Tho first Cnrdinal-Scrulntorthen shakes thn votes in tba chalice covered with tho patena and draws them out ono after tho other, counting them in order to plato thom in tho second chalice. If the number of tho schedules should not correspond with the number of the Cardinals voting, all tho papers are immediately bumed without further cere- mony. At tho election of Leo XII. some days after the opening of the Conclave, forty-nine Cardinals wera present; of course, forty-nine schedules should have been found. If the number of schedules equal that of tho voters the opening of the scrutiny proceeds. The first scrutator draws a paper from thc chalico, opens it at tho middle by breaking tho seals C to uncover the spaco D, where the name of the elected is written ; reads tha name to himself, and takes a note of it; passes the paper; thus opened to tho second scrutator, who also takes down, the name. It is only tho third scrutator who pronounces the name aloud; at tho same moment every Cardinal, being provided beforehand with a printed sheet containing tho names of all the Cardinals composing tho Sacred College, absent or present, without exception, marks, as; t'f.e name is pronounced, the volo ho has obtained. The! opening of every schedule drawn from the second chalice isj¡ accompanied aiid followed by the same formalities os tho first. If it should happen iû opening tho ballot that tho fir.-t scrutator should ¡ind two votfls folded together and united in the middle iu such a way that it may be presumed they both belonged to one voter, they are considered only as one suffrage when they nre both in favour of the same, person ; but if they contain two distinct names, tho votes, aro both null and void. This discovery does not affect the rest of tho ballot, which is as regular as if tho circum- stance of tho two papers had not occurred. As soon as tba last scrutator han read a schedule aloud, ho threads it with a needle filled with silk thread bj- tho space D, where the word Migo is printed, knots the two ends of tho thread, deposits the packet in the second golden chalice, which received tho first votes, on tho table before tho altar. If in tho first publication a number of votes in favour of any one person bo equal to two-thirds o£ tho number of Cardinals present at the Conclavo tho Pope is canonically elected. In that case all is con- cluded by an exact verification of the schedules by each p£ the scrutators, who test tho seals, number, and device, SQ that by another formality, which is described below, tha election is completed. If one namo does not obtain two thirds of the votes, tho Conclavo passes to tho «cerno, a ceremony which ia resorted to whenever the ballot leads to no definite result. When tho acccsso is announced, every Cardinal immedial ely proceeds to take from the second basin one of tho distinct schedules prepared for the acccsso, in which the word accedo is substituted for cligo (" I elect") lu other respects, the form of the votes is the same as ia the scrutiny, and presents the samo subdivisions. At the» end of tho words Accedo Jicvercndissimo Dom mcum. 1). Cardinalcni, the elector writes the name of the Cardinal ta whom he accedes, taking care to name some other than tba one he chose nt the scrutiny, which is of strict obligation, and to abstain also from naming any Cardinal who has not at least had ono voto before the acccsso. If the voter absolutely desires to have no other elected than he to whom he has already given his suffrage, he adds to the word accedo that of nemini-" I accede to no one," and folds his billet as in the former case, lt, is evident that the acccsso is ¡1 sort of balloting in another form ; all that is practised before in tho regular ballot, and tho declara- tion of tho scrutiny, tho visits to the infirm, &c;, are repeated ic the accesso, except the oath, which is not renewed. The schedules being drawn from the chalíes, tho'votes of, tho acccsio being noted and published as before observed,' I the suffrages given by the two votes are counted and brought together for each candidate. i If the votoä of tho scrutiny, united to theso of tho acccssot ! in favour of ono Cardinal bo equal in numbor to two thirds, then the first scrutator, under tho inspection of his I colleagues, examines tho validity of the schedule of tho 'acccsso. Taking tho threaded " packet of tho scrutiny, ho tests tho seals, tho numbers, mid tho devices of tho I schedules that it contains, and their identity is acknowledged by him ; ho then passes tho paper to the second scrutator, who does tho same, and thou the third scrutator commences tho third verification. Tho name of tho elected also forms the subject of a rigorous examination, especially if thero bo two Cardinals of tho. same name-two Brirberini, twa Borghose, two Ruffo, two Doria, ire. Tho vote is null if it bo applied both in tho scrutiny nnd tho acccsso to tho sumo person; if it bo different, and consequently available, tho third scrutator proclaims aloud tho name of tho elected, mid declares tho seal, tho number, nnd tho device of each elector. He then registers his declaration. They then proceed to tho enumeration of tho suffrages by :ho two modes, that of , tho scrutiny and that of the acccsso. If tho samo Cardinal has not, obtained in tho united votes tho number proscribed, that is, two- thirds, exclusivo of his own, nil that has been dono is considered as nothing, and tho work of election begins over agnin ; but if Ibo examination of tho scrutiny and the acccsso together givo tho two-thirds without tho vote of tho elected, then the Pope is elected, nnd tho election is canonically effected. In this caso thrca Cardinal Deacons, chosen by lot, aro immediately invested with tho functions of Rec'ognitors or Revisers, anti it devolves upon them finally to verify the operation of tho scrutators. Everything being found regular, thc election is announced and the schedules aro all burnt, 113 they wero nfter tho scrutiny and nt tho acccsso when the number hud not boen in favour of any candidate. Immediately nffor an acknowledged election tho youngest of tho Cardinal Deacons rings a bell to summon tho Masters of Ceremonies and the Secretary of tho Sacred College. The Chapol is closed. Tho Cardinal Deacons and tho Cardinal Chamberlain-if neither of them bo the Popo elect-advance together towards tho Cardinal named, who, for a long period, hag nlwnyB been one of tho Cardinals present at thu Conclave, and they esk if he accepts his election. France, Spain, and Austria, independently of their calcula- tions of the exclusive and inclusive, claim H. distinct right of veto apart ; that is, wheru thu votes nnpcir to bo directed towards a candidato who is not agroeîitilo to ono of these Courts, each of them exercises tho right to excludo a candidate, but ono only, who maybe near having two-thirds of tho required votes," provided always that tho veto bo put in before ha is absolutely elostod. Tho veto is pronounced upon a probability which appears well founded, and to bo dreaded, nnd not upon 11 certainty. Tho exclusion of this sort, which at Rome is not eousidercd us a positive right, being once employed by ono of tho abovounmod Powors, that Power must accept Ibo cholee which follows, unlesB another privileged Court should also givo in its exclusion; but then tho latter may sometimes bo found to boar upon a candidate not objectionable to tile other two Couria. It is Bolclom that tho motives of objection pro identical in the thrco Courts. It may bo remarked that, although tho custom prevails, the right of exclusion i' strontrlv contested nt Rome. 