WEST ~BAZTLABD. ConcIenT.--A grand vocal and instrumental concert took place in the largo hall of the School of Arts, on ''Tuesday evening last; and notwithstanding counter attractions, there was a very good attendance. 'T'he nroceedsof the concert are to be devoted to the benefit of St. J.Tohn's R. C. Organ Furd. HIis Lordship, Dr. Murray, and several of the clergy were present. T'he members of St. John's Choir, assisted by local amateu!s. took part in the singing, and each rendered their respective parts in a manner that elicited hearty applause from the audience. Miss Long, of Sydney, also rendered valuable assistance, for which she was well received, and encores demanded at the finish of each of her songs. nMiss Brown was also highly applauded for tlhe pleasing way in which she rendered her part. Mr. Brodorick acted as accompanist during the entertainment, and perfonnrmed his onerous duties creditably; as did each and all taking part in the pro ceedings. A GHOST AT Foun--MILE CniEEK.-A sensa tional story comes from Four- Mile Creek One of the supernatural has been paying nocturnal visits in the vicinity, and if all said is true, the nightly visitant--whether of the spirit world or some one of the num ber of those now in the flesh, playing up same pranks, has been the cause of fright ening a gentleman belonging to a party of surveyors now engaged in the neighbour hood in such a manner that he has been very ill, and under the care of a medicalman ever since. The event mentioned, happened about a week or ten days ago. The ghost was said to appear near an old coal or saw pit. Two gentlemen of the party alluded to, one night resolved to solve the mystery; accordingly at a late hour of the night, they set out, armed with axes on their expedition. In due time something white of curious shape, about a man's height, made its ap pearance before them. One of them ad. vanced to it, got up quite close, struck at it, and it-then instantly vanished down the saw pit. In a short time it appeared again this time right between the two men. It was again struck at by one of the men with an axe; it again disappeared, ahd one of the men then fainted from fear, and as stated above, has been ill ever since. This is how the story goes. It is stated thlrt a party of police are going out to investigate the matter. Something or somebody has been the means of causing a serious illness, and how the affair will end, remains yet to bhe seen. 