ut PARIS "LETTER.,: (From our on. Correspondent.) S PARs, O-rosBE 260. France boasts of many "three glorious days, but on can surpass the two which damnc1 d on Sunday last, continued on condaY, in the distribution of recom nsy, and termimited on Tuesday, by nficting on Versailles, the hot-bed of're acionism and the focus of hostility ainst against the Exhibition, that ought to start the relic even of a phantom in the palace sacred to all the glories of ore. On each day the weather hratned to be awful, and there were ~tunals unpatriotic enough to rejoice, rtafter a few hours the sun appeard in Austerlits splendor, Flags lanterns,an gre.works were everywhere, and a'hiditle the population went int for the matter aone; the days of official illuminations are over. And the, joy of the: people,' their sobriety, tranquility, and even kindness when in crowds. ,The free theatres wore filled, to ove'rflowing, the pectators attending 'inSunday costnme : olicemon were as scarce as dodos; indeed tis now becoming an axiom, that wheon yo desire Parisians to keep the pba0c: sie best manner is to invite each icbitizeni to act as a special-moral-eonstable...1 Only. dynasties require .force to , ensure obedience, and coercion, to secure, quiet Tlto distribution of prizes wa brillia?nt affair, but it was also clashed with melan- choly, and tinged .with,. regret,;: Only think of 22,000 people, joyful and sorrow ful at once ; happy at- the success of yest united efforts; and sad that ithese' had ceased to be collective.. As for the de corations of the palace, and the march of 1 the ceremony, nothing was amiss;,the right thing was inthe right place; some journalists complain of being overlooked. which perhaps could' not be,helped,:as. space was limited, but strangers can have this much consolation thaatFrench, editors fared even worse. 'The Marshal'sý speech was the political .event ; thle Minister of Agriculture recapitulated tho results -of the Shoe, and expatiated. on its morale. The ladies were charmed,with aluok .at many great ones of the earth, and de lighted with, theo collection of1 brilliant uniforms ; none but rejoiced at,the awards bestowed, or honors conferred. ,,The larshal's speech was not.a common-place matter: in it he makes his public recon ciliation with the Republic; he, confessoes it to be a success, to have secured honor, glory, peace, and prosperity for the country; avers the lxhibstion just closed has surpassed all that this country had ever witnessed. Imagine the importance of this discourse, posted in every mayor alty, and on all the spare hoardings of France, at a momen', too, when the Sena torial elections are on the eve of opening, and when the monarchical journals were twice a day, and once a week preaching up the contrary, If lacMahson continues to employ his common sense in this man ner, the Republicanus will save him being eaten up by the defeated factions, by electing him President for- the second time, acnd thus give the now vegime the a necessary time to train its friends to executive and administrative duties; The charge hitherto against the Reptb b. lie was,that it gave neither. fetes nor balls n -we have just had a surfeit of them : that no crowned heads came to the Exhi bition-instead,we have had to be crowned ones. The poor Sultan can hardly, go to a mosque, much less come to Paris; the Emperor of Germany is mtnhegrie h occupied, and tlh Sodcialist. keep Prihce Bisomark well employed i' ?s for thli Em, '1 peror of Russia, between tho Nihilists anpd his Asiatic perplexities, England on one, side and Chitna on the other, hbe may be excused remainina at homes Only think , that the Exhibition and its collateral ad vantages and pleaseuresjust'cost only the ' price of one year' civil list of Napoleon 1I1.-less coup l'ei (;t wars for ideas, plant t aig of the Latin ra~es and expulsion of r Gallic ones, iunaoral invaaiohis, 'and a keeoping of Euirole ai a state bif genberal unrest. i '-? But a word about the ball at Versaillns. The naughtyg city did' not invest,von'in t an oil lamp, save the oflciail seosidedea; i indeed it struck mo the i'ab6tionist 'ilih i- a tants observed curfeiv hliire'forithat night exclusively, in ordert vdi the iinvited. All was dark, miiddy,.and d?issial till' the palace gates were reacded, and hiier a - cular row of electric lamp'sevrheriangdd1 round the great 'captains of Fraide,e aid,' scorned to suggest a preparation to ibore on, "like the ghost in Don Giovaet.2:i There lhas been much exaggeration about the organization : ladis wh a: ha' 'not' patience to sit in' theircar'iageis tilltlioir. turn came for an advanode, teppd"across the court-yard to s"av' time-this is cons mot, at all receptions- the cloak room t was too small and thie'atteidants inexpori. r onced, so there was an' ugly crush. Ic have experienced something not unlike-it f at Buckingham Palace ; there the packing c in the :ante-chamber was, trying, Ibut. eImople should be prepared for all thisi. pHow long did Lord Chesterfield keep Dr. Jolhnst,on waiting I Time works wonders. t The door was opened -' to allow the Marshal and his suite of, prinocee and princesses to pass, 'and .then common mortals shlowed how they were exhausted by laying siege to' an admirably served buffet, that soon put every one into good { humor. I met a coafidre, the most philosophical of follows on ordinary occa aions,: seated on a.c.anapo. He had a medeuso.raff expression of countenance;. was three hours blocked-not in ice, but ine a Roman bath-room, : In addition he had lost his wife, and all that apparently remained of her to celebrate a silver wed ding was a lace mantle and some yards of tulle. :I volunteored to '"disdovor the missing link'; 'andd carried1 off 'thle intel lectual creaturo;". wLo- wiks deep in Confuciua with a rofesssor, of Oriental languages, and a Aandario with aill hlet tons on his blouse--so hle inuest be -a mighty man in Oath. .The gallery of nirrors nad of 'chalndeliers in cryst le with countless lights,-rand oreheostra t. each extremity, and 80 couples whirling away at once, was sufficient to cure one of the teooth-ache, or think kindly for five minutes of your mother-in-law. How nice to got a. friendly nod and a pretty snmile from a lady, as she sailq and pivote to the Blue Datnatbe waltz I, It makes you desperatoly couraeoous and you resolve to keep up to thb lnat, by steadily march ing on for the buffet at the South polo, when 'a lady left by' ~i heartless squiro in the wall-flower' ouition' boegato taio pity on her antd in tlhe ianin df auld lang sine, bshow her who's who and got lier an tce ; for. being interostoe in Sensdays chools, she said lshe coild 'i ?.?tiiddrsiand'tie touchingeln'appel?fDivesij Fathler Abra eam. Well,1d a!etdnd-nu su?pper, a good quume. meal, 'withi Ruaeslans '[beforo yos, lurks' behind you Austrianuseon the left, Chineso'n theruliit,-:English aend Amori cans nvorywhlereo fifty different nanmesi for the wing of a chickeitl;,thirty ditto for a salmon, twenty for an ice,-ten for cham pagno, acid none for thanks; stlch was the manner we supped-before tlh-greaatlht .ne of " Abouker,'Tansd tlio t"d[ai thb tion of tih: eagle; . 'Theid re4)s'iithI' ,vestry was equal to .tantley'se arn!rote ,dark pontinent I -it --was uicertainewhere you might emert'e." Thea i?pasdisbtnmble for your 'coat; ~btitt'dhieteistaiits*rdr so A .reneh generil, wtaith uisajfm6c?Oals > N·sV - as a bewing machine manufactur.o,. be moan d neither- the 'losa of cloak nor his kdpi, put his cigars-these gone, like life, wore gone for ever. . Thq clerical and" monarchicaL. i r'ti- e have tried to make capital out of the funerl of Mgr. Dupanloup. The play was dot with the candle. The deceased was aifighting soldier, never a general nor a leader. He~lever went bravely into a battl and adversaries respected him for his z al, but none feared his blows. He had is Marengo and Austerlitz, but finish d with his Waterloo, when he joined the 4t intrigues againdt" the Republic. No pjlitical bishop ranks high in France, save m his own little set. MIgr. Dupanloup wan iot a bishop in the sense of caring for sheep. When he arrived in his rlcee, it was to write some pamphlet, or pui sh some letter.' He had not the sangcroid necessary for an administrator, nor, thle spirit of charity and toleration to catch men. He was not popular with his clerg?, and his sentences for thiem iwre witl utappeal. The Republic intends at once Inqiiringiato the dependency of the low clerg~'i''toie episcopal ben?ch, for there? are some crying abuses here to redr s. , eTho deceased, was,.cordially hats by the late Pope, who had no ne cessi to boast, "he would never make Mgr. Dupanloup a cardinal,forthe. latter ben an illegitimate child, was thus die. qualfied for the hat.- Vhilo lying in state in tie cathedral' many persons brought obje ts to touch the bishop's lips and hand. ,Patience; in a little time, he will 