PROPOSED PRESBYTERIA N CHURCH BILL. ,recuINo OF COMlMIcEE. The Committeo appointed at the Con forence held at Campbell Town on the 12th March last, mot at St. Andrew's Church, Launceston, for the purpose ofrevising I the proposed bill, and putting it into a corrected shape. There were present : Rovs. J. 1. lYnardrop, HI. Budge, R. S. Duff; J. Scott, and Hon. J. T. Robertson, and A. Webster, Esq. The Moderator presided, and constituted the mooting. An amended copy of the bill embodying the various suggestions of the Conference was laid on the table by the Convenor of the Conunittce (Rev. J. Scott). This was carefully gone over Clause by oluse, and several verbal alterations hav ing been elfected, tho Convenor was ro quested to lay it on the table of the Pros bytery at its meeting in the afternoon. OMEETIMO OF i'ORESDYTER1Y. This Court met by special stousons in St. Andrew's, Launceston, on the 30th April, at 3 o'clock p.1n., and was duly constituted. Soderunst Rev. J. It. Wardlrop, M.A. (Modorator), IRov. It. S. Duf, 3M.A., Rev. F. T. Jonkil, Rev. A. Michio, 11ev. H. Budge, Rev. J. Scott (Clerk), Ministers; and Mr J. Gibson, Elder. The Clerk laid the revised copy of the Bill on the table, and intimated that 110 did so at tie request of the Committee appointed by the late Conference. He saud that it now embodied all suggestions 11ad1 at the meeting,, and he pointed out in detail wherein tile changes consisted. Those were all carefully gone over by the Court, and a few verbal alterations having beon made, were adopted. It was then unanimously agreed that the revised bill should be sent down to congregations for their consideration, with instructions to report to a meeting of the Prosbytery, to be hold not later than Tuesday, May 28, in St. John's School-room, Hobart Town. The Presbytery adjourned to meet next day at 10 o'clock a.m. in the same place. Closed with prayer. The Court met next day as adjourned, and was duly constituted. Sederunt as before, with the exception of Rev. F. T. Jenkin" and Mr J. Gibson. Having transacted a variety of routine business, the Prosbytory adjourned to moot at St. Johin's School-room, on Tuesday 28th May next, at 11 o'clock a.m. Closed with prayer. WEsenBur lRoA TeusT.-Tendors are invited for tho construction of a bridge over the Buffalo Creole, and for cartago and delivery, of pipes, metal, gravel,. and logs for culverts. The tenders must be selt in by 2 p.m. of the 13th inst. T'E Ourey BAND.-A grand promenade concert by the members of the City Band, with gymnastic performances and a soire dansante, is announced to take place in the Publie Gardens and Pavilion on the evening of May 24. NEW BOOKS, -MeasrsrYalil Bros. `and Birehall announce having received, 'per se.. Garonne, via Melbourne, a large number of now and poplular books, etc., a detailed list of; which will be found in our advertising columns. 5oetUaTEERe MTEETe . - We remin enrolled memibers of thes V olunteer Rifle Corps of the mooting to take place this evening, for the eleetiodtnf offlicors,, and framing oI rolo- cinider the; Volunteer Act. A full attendaineef is requested. The corps has now beels made up to the strength required vie., 100 men,' and we understand tleat an application has been made to Government to allow of the number being increased to,150.- This. application is ulnderpoesideratioi' A vcecv large erowd.of' persons as. sembled on the wharf yfstsrd y(.morning 'to bid farewell to friends ;laving by tha Mallngana, and among them some seventy or eighty, prinoipally of the fair aox, were there to see AIr Henry Varley and family safely ofth Just as thesteamer was coot. ting off ler moorings ' theyy dung Shall we gather at the river," and then the Doxology, while as the vessel left the wharf, Mr Varley, in an audible, voice, pronounced thld Benediction upon those assembled ol the wharf. ATxHeELDnE's . COMeINATION. - Tills diorams was again exhibited llst evening at the Meebhanics'-Institeto, before a very fair audience. At the conclusion of the entertainment the usual distribution of gifts took place. A dressing case was awarded to the writer of theo.bat conun drum, besides various other gifts. To-day a matins e for families and sechoolsewill' be hold, and the - usual performance will take place in the evening, being the fare well exuibition of this dtoramsa.n.i i VAe.coraoxonv TA T EA rmse-A vale dictory tea ieeting -will he 'given onli Thursday even~ing, oaths Woehiyan Sun. day Seclool, to thde Rtevs-Ni: E. Stepheni son and- G. T. S~eyward. Thie former gentllman lonvieLaunceston shortly for 1is now appointment at Campbell oTown, slid the latter,;on- account of failing ilealt~l, has. obtained. perrmission to visit Osuaoca oF ENoLAND TcErrAeCEes So cmvri.-A public meeting, under the auspices of the Hobart Town' Branch of, this society, was held on Thursday, at Hobart Town, says the Mercury. There was a large attendance, and the Very Rev. Dean Bromby -presided. Addresses in advocacy of the temperance cause were dAilivered b the Chairman, the Rev. Christopher Bromrby, Rev. A. N. Mason, and Mr B. T. Sully; and a paper on the beneficial. effects of abstaining from the use of' intoxicating liquors' was read by Mr E. C.; Nowell _ On the motion of time Rev. Christopher Bromsby, who stated that the Bishop of Tasmania had received £10 fron Mir Phillip T. Smith to be de voted towards the establishment of coffee houses in Tasmania, the following gentle men01 were appointed a committee with a view to the establishmoent of such ai build ing, viz.,' the 'Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. Mr; Shoobridge, and Messrs. Solly and Nowell.' ANOTHiEi SELL.-On Thursday as the little river steamer Corio was on her way up the river, and just off Rosevear's, the captain was surprised to see a man tear ing frantically, along 'the road, waving his hat and arms at the steanmer. Natu rally thinking that the individual was an intending passenger the captain stopped his boat and called out to the mals, ask ing what lie wanted. This man came to a full atop, and after waiting for a me mnent or two to recover his breath gasped out, " Will you please- to tell mo the time, air ?" The response of the captain may be readily conjectured. It is pleas p ing to see that thie Corio is of some use 1 oss the Tamir, not only for carrying cargo but for informing intelligent rustics l of tlia time of day. 0Goon TEMPLAR DEMONSTRATION.-Ths f annual demonstration in connection with I the Good Templar Movement at Longford is announced to take place on Queen's Birthday. WESLEYAN 'CoNwRENcc.-The second session of the Australasian Wesleyan Con feronee, which moots triennially, will commence at Sydney on Wednesday next. Two of the delegates from the Victoria and Tasmania Conference, the Revs. N. Bennett and John Cope, left per Man I gans yesterday to attend the gathering. 5 Tue REeceT DiowNING CASE.-'The body we reported in our last issue as having been found on the banks of the \- River Tamar was identified yesterday as that of James Wilson, who was drowned in February last from the ketch Tasman. As the circumstances of the case under which the deceased met his death were so L well known the coroner did not think there was any necessity to hold an in. quest, and therefore signed the usual order for interement of the remains. LvsrEn's EOLsea u OrescA Co0rANr. The nmembers of this coimpany will arrive here by the Derwent to-morrow, and open at the Bijos Theatre in the Public Gar dons on Monday with the opera of "Girosle.Girofla." Wo ndeorstand that the subscription list for the season is filling up rapidly, and as the list closes at 3 p.m. on Monday, those desirous of obtaining season tickets had better do so without delay. A SMART WOMAN.-One Mrs Sisrn, of Kansas, is a woman whose energy de serves mention. Sue has a farm of 300 acres of prairie land. Last spring she harvested ton acres of wheat of her own ploughing and sowisng, and put down twenty acres more. She is not physic. ally strong. When she began herplough ing she was so feeble that she had as chair at the end of her furrow, and was obliged at every second row to stop and rest. She chose this life because she had more fitness for it than for anything else that gave promnise of a future for two little sons whose sele desires to educate to use fulnese. Her health improves, and a sheep- raiser in the neighborhood has engaged leir to plough ten acres of land for hini, and take her pay in sheop. A lienoo MAssrvsn.-There has boon a great scandal at Lucknow. A Hindoo widow desired to embrace the Christian religion, and escaped from her uncle's house to that of is uly named Mulvaney, a member of the Zonana Mission. Tiso widow's relations demanded liar extradi. tion, but Miss Mulvansy refused to give ler sip, so the relations brought a auit for her restoration in the local civil courts. Tie suit was decided in favor of the Zenasa Mission, but the Judicial Com missioner reversed the decision oas appeal, and Soondari, the widow, has been re stored to iher disconsolate, relatives. During. lser- examination' she made. the following statemsent:-`,l left for re ligions; wished to' adopt that, of Jesus Christ; got the knowledge from the Holy Book, which is the' Christians Bible in spired by ithe Holy Ghost." But, ac cording to the Commissioner, this cannot be accepted by a court of law as a suflicient reason for a minor to repudiate the protection of liar lawful guardianse." Teem Formne KING OF TvE RINo.-A writer in the Sydney Echo says :-I re msoubor a curious bat whichs may interest those 'who delight in such matters. A friend of mini had a pony possessed of a fine turn of speed, tsnsd was never tired of lauding its virtues. A young follow offered to run it 200 yards, provided lie got fifty yards' start, and both pony and man to go round a post and back. Agreed. Young Sharisvit places his post so close to a wall that it was as impossibility for the pony to squeeze through. Of course soo classed to have won.. Referred to the Turf Club, they decided there could be no bet, as the youngsterr bet on a certainty. A just de cision beyond a doubt. It is an apt illus tration. though _of the supernatural, ultra clover sharpness of our modern youths. Tliey'etst their teeth too fast nowadays. Tire . Ho. W. B.' GLADSTONE.-Mr. Gladstone's haseso is gsarded .bypolice soon. ,The otimar day, lisa Itighit oousssr able gesetlensan was .recogssisnd in liha Strand, and lied to take refuge from the neL. in Cositt's Bank. The " wosnan of Bridpoirt", sent "Iism a halter, meade ini their town, o Ruissian hsasp, vitis ass in timesitions, "that lie had better use it, and r-eoiom his sausoes- lbs devil, whoin ha hsad oars-ed so loyally, as Isis work on earth was nosy completed." FOXES sINe YIOTORIsA.---A par-tylof prs ssass were 'ost' raccsstly cois-esingbyn lisa 'Moorabool, swhess ass snimsal nsot a Isiro, was alstoile fross use long giras. The gicyhsossds ws-ro slippebd, and after a osoart risn lih psrisued is-s ov'ertsiken, hut iso it oshowod light' the dogs kept ass-y. Tise sportanmes siftersiards diseovaradta thselisy had hams ceisroing onie of ltahsemportesi Essglishi foxes, turned loose in tile district ososme timsse sgo. Thse fox' evsentually as.' capsie is-oss 1he groylhounds. furs-moos cx 'JAnoeo.-Tho fepr-eme oasrs- againsast in its IiqeilJurisdietioss al 'Hobart Toisns on Turss-dy whsen Ksen. 'eedy a.'Maemiehnol' anid aothrs 'was se-a aniseed. The Attosnay.Ganaruh informed li Jdgst on rosestmin' adteu- "in sgheon, tolha a comprasnsao sad' beene tiff 'should got ono-fillls of Ilse fifth ais-ar in dispuste iiths net dividends, each party to pay Isis eoan costs. Yesterday thsa new trial cese of Anderson ii. Reid and 'others was to be argued, and another equity ousit, Nicholeas a.Tsrisls, a disputso rols. live to sossisNSw Native Youth aliases, ivlici lies boosn in'court heo'i once so fora, sad' inuwhisio we ies-n 'fromn a telegsram received yesterday lbs plaintiff less now won his anit,.s l CoLO5 o,LOL.MIR.-About a fortnight ago (says the Ballarat Courier) a number of children amused themselves st'the, Botanical Gardens, bytlirowing lollies to the monkeys, who devoured them readily. Two of the animals, who had, no doubt, managed to get , mere" than'a"'- fain shere of, the ;confectionery, fell " ill after their unusual fare, and at last died. No particular notice was taken of the fact until the stomachs of the monkeys were opened, when it was found that the intestines of one were plugged up. with plaster of Paris, an adulterating agent need in some cases in the manufacture of confectionery; while the death of the other was attributed to leand poisoning, caused by eating lollies colored with chrome yellow (chromate of lead). The Courier's informant also men tioned a case in which a whole family of children wore made seriously ill, ' and nearly died, through eating colored lollies. ODD FELLoWs'ANe SICK 'PAY.-At the Court of Requests at Hobart Town on Thursday, a man named Henry Hare sued Messrs Knoek,Johnson,and Duggan, representative of the Albert Lodge of Odd; Fellows, for £10, alleged to be due for ton weeks' sick allowance, in conss quetic-" of plaintiff having been laid up during that period with a broken leg. The defence was based upon a rule of the lodge to the effect that no allowance should be granted to any member during, sickness caused by. his own profligacy or drunkenness. From the evidence it appeared that plaintiff had met a girl on the afternoon of the 20th December crying. She told him that a man named Brown had struck her. Plaintiff saw' -IBrown about it, tolling him that it was cowardly of him to strike a girl. Brown snbsequently met plaintiff and knocked him down, the fall breaking his log. The I Commissioner,- after hearing other evi l dunce, said that plaintiff could not be reproved for interfering on behalf of 'a woman by calling the man who had struck her a coward. The attack was un warrantable, and the plaintiff was to be commended for his interference. It was certainly not the part of a profligate le took; he noted. in a manly spirit, and judgement for the amount claimed was as cordingly given. MAsomeO.-A very influential gathering of Mark Master Masons assembled at a special meeting of the Victoria Lodge, at' the Masonic-hall, Lonedale-street; on the 20th ult., says the Arpus; to witness the investiture of Bro. H. W. Lowry as thei first Provincial Grand Mark Master Mason in this colony, which distinguished posi tion has just boon assigned to him under the seal and patent of the Earl of Lime rick, Grand' Master of Mark Master Masons in England and Wrales and tice colonies and dependencies of the British Crowns. Brotcer Thomeas Russell Senior Past MastorVictoriaLodge M. M. Masons, 47 E.G., was the installing 'officer, who immediately upon the Hight- Worshipful Provincial Grand Master being reported in attendance directed him to be received under arehed wands, the brethren being atattention, aed solid music being played. After being instadlled the It. W. Provincial GrandMark Master Masontleon appointed and installed his officers, and declared the Provincial Grand Lodge constituted. S Fonscue TELLINO. - At the Police Court of tice town of 1Barnsley, Yorkshire, on February 0 (says the Dispatch), Sarahi Ellmoro, a married woman, was charged with professing to toll fortunes. The evi dence given by throe young girls was very oxtraordinary, one of them, Martha Ann I Casement, stating that she had had her fortune told several times by defendant at her house by mceans of cards. She said She could bowitch witness's mother, who was then staying at Low Valley, and ad vised that a toad be got, and then filled with pins, and this would have the offect, so defendant argued, of wasting Mrs Case I mont's existenco away. Witness's fattier repeatedly sent witness to look for a toad, n but she eover found one. Sarah Ann Hinchceliffe, aged sixteen, said she had ohoen several times to defendant's house during the last six months, to have her fortune told. She was to have plenty of i swoethearts, and she one day cut her too \- and finger nails, wrapped the parings carefully in a piece of laper, and then r placed the eaper in the ashes. Siee was told that if she did this she would got her future husband that night, who would ap \- pear to leer while she slept. He didn t, ehow-over. (Laughter.) The mayor son \- tonced the defendant to three months' \- hard labor. 5 A MuscULAR INsrEcron.-A quarrel \- took place on Tuesday, says the Argus, e between the Government inspector and lone of the contractors for the WVest Mel \- bourne Swamp, which will result in \- Police Court proceedings. Tie inspector, not feeling satisfied with answers to in quirice smad of the contractor, throw him s into a ditch containing over8ft of wvater. Proceedings have been taken by the con tractor. Asr OLD IvaNarY.-Isaac Cooper the last survivor, it is said, of the crow of the Shannon, thie British frigate which in the American war captured the Chesapoake, after a short but desperate enegagement, has died at ,Wooton-under-Edge, at the age of 80. gooper was discharged frons the Royal M1arines on tihe 11th of July, 1814\. At the age of 70 1h was induced by his friends to apply , to the governors of Greenwich Hospital, who granted him a pension of £22 10s for life. FIJIAN PANoiasc.-The experienoes of a Fiji official with a native cook are thus related by the Fiji Times :-" This gen tlemneie's weakness is' pancakes, and lee ordered them accordingly; but as they \- seoned to be heavy in consistency, he directed the sable Soyer to put in more soada. 'Still' theo grew leave, and tics seceuappy partaker began to feel the bane fsul otleets of their usduee specifcgrvt ine thco fesiling stato of heis' usualyrbs hcailth. 'Mere soda was decended, and still tihoso pancakes gresw hecavier, and still flee de-one-er groin sicker, till is iserious disturbance evenctuatod ; ties ssastsr vow eg theat' the instruction' relative to ties soda' lead been eceglected, 'cook swearing Ice lead pot it in ice handfeeul.' "Thcen ties soda is ceo god,". reared ties dies ppointed aced ailigl over' of fritters' ''bring it' hers.' 'i was broughst, and turned nest to be' a 501b' lice of exelent plaster-sf. paris. Thesre are no pancakes inads in theal osteblishlersce now, and a good plain cook is open for an engagement."' 