CAUSE AND EFFECT. To the Editor of the Advocate. Sis,—The Daily Telegraph of the 19th instant contained a leading article on a certain political movement now rampant in California* and that goes by the name of "Kearneyism." Speaking of Kearney, who is one of the three principal leaders, the Telegraph says that he is " an Irishman and a Catholic, who defies his church, and has been guilty of personal insolence to the local archbishop." This is not saying much for Mr. Kearney. The matter is not worth noticing only for the moral attached to it. The Telegraph is a powerful advocate of the secular system of education, and thinks the Catholics of the colony are very unreasonable in not adopting it, but how many young gentlemen of the Kearney type would the Catholic portion of the community produce were the Catholic parents to "defy their church" by discarding the advice of their pastors, and by handing over their children to the virtual heathenism of the State schools P The Melbourne papers come out just now with great force on " free thought," and "private judgment," when these liberal Ideas take practical and actual form, and become known under the different appellations ot Kearneyism, Socialism, and Communism. But our leading journals overlook the cause—they are horrified at seeing the Upas tree grown to such an awful size, but they shut their eyes to the seed that produced this terrible tree. They, pretend to he shocked at the effect, hut they take no notice of the'cause. ', journals , that are so .vehement in their applause and approval of a #ee.nlar system of educationior children, . and of J>road views, modern thought, *nd " liberalandprogressive ideas for grown people do not like to condemn or find fault with their own teachings. But facts are stubborn 1 things. They cannot be hid nor denied. If there is an effect to be seen or felt, so sore must there be some cause that produced it. If the religious and moral training of children be altogether neglected ; if they be left to the influences produced by slates and pencils, class-bookc, maps, and black-boards the vioious minds (wherever they may exist), will surely develope, and grow rampart; and free thought, and the much lauded right of private judgment, will run riot with fiendish malice and destructiveness. Yet Catholics are censured for standing aloof from the State system of education. They are censured for not gathering their children beneath the branches of the Upas tree. Talking of religion or religious subjects, the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne delivered a short address at the Town Hall, on Tuesday, the 18 th inst., at a meeting of the Young Women's Christian Association. His Lordship delivered himself of a great idea, and he seemed to take great pride unto himself at having made such a discovery. It was nothing less than a plan—quite a simple thing—for uniting the many different varieties of the Protestant creed into one. A plan for bringing all the scattering branches back again into the main trunk. A plan for bringing the flocks divided, and Bub-divided, and Bub-sub-divided, and re- sub-sub-divided among the two, or three-score minor folds, into one head fold, or into the original reformed church as by Queen Elizabeth's parliament established. Dr. Moorhouse said, in effect, that private udgment and broad views had scattered " the church" aB the wind scatters chaff, and the best plan would be to gD back (or try to go back) to the simple belief of the primitive church, and, furthermore, that the belief of the primitive church was best defined in the prayer known to all Christians as the Apostles' Creed. So far so good. No Catholic can object to the excellent advice given by his Lordship the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, but there is one little point that sounds rather perplexing "to an inquiring mind. We all know the concluding sentence of the Apostles' Creed, viz:—I believe in the Holy Ghost, the Holy CathoUo Church, etc., ete. Now, this comes quite naturally to us Catholics; but' to Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists, Independents, etc., etc., and so on, by the dozen, the words Holy Catholic Church must sound strangely, the name being so different to the real, or distinctive name of each of the abovenamed sects. However, I dare say, that any Proteatant bishop could easily explain the discrepancy. He could say that all the numerous sects ef the Protestant belief form and constitute the Catholic Church, that is to say, the Catholic Church of the Reformation. "Very well. But then was this Catholic Church of the Reformation the church really and truly specified and declared in the Apostles' Creed? Hardly. Hardly, I am afraid. What then P It would take Dr. Moorhouse to solve this enigma, for it is one of these theological points no Cattiolic can understand. I remain, Sir, etc. 24th June, EAMON. 