ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, &c.; The _Yortce8 Jremimda Advertiser of August 30 mentions that on Tuesday night, during the thunderstorm that passed over the Peninsula, the house of Mr. Folly, of Cross Roads, was struck by lightning. The chimney was knocked down and the ceiling somewhat damaged, but the inmates fortunately escaped without injury to life or limb. The Melrose correspondent of the PoH Augusta Dispatch mentions that 'an accident happened to Mr. F. J. Whitby, J.P., while getting but of his trap at the Bank in that town. Placing his foot on the wheel, it moved, and in springing Mr. Whitby fell and dislocated his knee joint. However, the surgeon was in attendance, and in a few minutes the knee was replaced, and Mr. Whitby was enabled to return home in the afternoon. He is now progressing favorably.' 'The friends of Mr. E. T. Barnard, the Victorian handicapper, will regret to learn,' says the Melbourne Argus of August 31, ' that this gentleman met with a serious accident in Sjdney on Thursday night. He was run over by a hansom cab, and one of his legs fractured above the ankle. He was picked up insensible and conveyed to the Infirmary, where the leg was set, and he is now progressing favorably. Universal sympathy has been expressed in Sydney for the injured gentleman.' A death from the bite of a spider is reported in the South-Eastern Star of August 30. That paper says: — 'On Tuesday evening Mr. Jas. Lynch's infant, only three months old, died \ from the effects of a spider bite. The child was \ bitten on the foot about four days before its \ death occurred. Very soon after being bitten the member began to swell from the effect of the poison, the swelling extending itself up the \ leg ft£$ to the child's throat, which was ver* mucii affecteu\ ™! *!pw* ^'length Uuc^ i erysipelas.' ' A fire broke out in Messrs. Stevens and Co.'s Cordial Manufactory, Currie-street, shortly after 6 o'clock on Tuesday evening, September 3\. Mr. J. Boase noticed the fire first, and gave ~ information to the police. The latter by means of tie telephone coiuJnunicated with Mr. A. J. Baker, Superintendent of Jb ire Brigades, who was almost immediately afterwards ou the ground. The ceiling of the top storey was destroyed, and goods in the lower storey -were considerably damaged. No. 2 reel (Wedlock's) was first on the ground, and was followed soon afterwards by reels Nos. 3, 7, and 1. The fire was ex tinguished in about an hour. Mr. S. Boehm, boot and shoemaker, met with an accident at Farrell'a Flat on Saturday, August 31, while practising with the Hanson Cricketers. The Northern Argus states that he was running after the ball, and tbe grass being very slippery, he fell with great force on his right side. He got up, threw in the ball, and walked several yards ; and then stooped down and began to vomit. The players went to assist him, but before they reached him he rolled on his side and was unconscious. He was attended by Dr. Nesbit from the Burra, and is now pro gressing favorably. A case of till-robbing occurred at Port Adelaide between 9 and 10 o'clock on Wednes day morning, September 4, the victim being Mr. Wiese, tobacconist, of St. Vincent-street. Mr. Wiese left his shop for a few minutes and went to the back .of the premises. Mrs. Wiese afterwards saw a man in a suspicious position at the counter, and called her husband, but before Mr. Wiese could reach the shop tbe man left, and a box containing from 36s. to £2 in silver was missed from the till. A small box containing coppers was not taken, although in the same till. On Thursday morning, August 29, a man named Thomas Holt went into Mr. H. Cairo's shop Gawler, 'and purchased two riding- whips, w for which he proffered a cheque on the Bank of * Adelaide. Gawler, purporting to be signed aby Mr. S. Forrest, for £13 10s. The cheque ap- . peared all right, and Mr. Caire gave bis cheque * for the change, some £11. ' Mr. Caire went to the Bank,' says the Standard, ' and ascertained that the cheque was valueless, and having sought but Holt informed him of the fact. The latter gave him back his own- cheque and the whips, and then accompanied Mr. Caire to to the Bank, 'where he. offered a very lame explanation of the affair. He was taken to the station and charged with forging the cheque, and a similar charge was laid against him by Mr. F. Frankel, whom he had also victimised to the extent of £5. Holt was brought before the S.M. on Friday and committed for trial.' - A correspondent writing to the ' Border Wdtehfrom the Punt, Glenelg River, under date August 26, says: — 'On Thursday last con siderable and painful anxiety was caused when it became known that our much respected neighbor, Mrs. McLean, was lost in the~bush.. She left her home about 5 o'clock in the evening to bring her cows;: But one of these 'had, what ; is termed, planted her calf, and to find the plant the poor woman started on a tour of discovery^ ? but only to discover herself lost in the bush. Of course' we all turned out,and.explored«very-. : where we thought she was likely to be found^ and after- a -diligent search our efforts ^were crowned with success yesterday morning. - She i is weak, but not dangerously ill, 'from -the exposure, and we hope to be-able to see her all , ; right again in a day .or so. Great praise and ?- credit is due to Mr. James Lean, Messrs. i McFarlane and Plate, and the other gentlemen who took part in the search; and last, although - v by no means the least, everybody^ friend, Mr. ^* ' Andrew Brown. I noticed among the discoverers ' Miss R. Taylor and her sister, well mounted.' 'A real live ghost iis: believed1 by some j persons to haunt a house which has been ua- J tenanted for some- time in Johnson-street,' ?reports the Wallaroo Times of August 31.;.*' A ; few nights eiiice .?& resident of our town, hap peuiug to' pass the. 'particular locality . after nightfall, was horrified bythe appearance of a figure in white, which, he stated, placed Iks bands upon its knees and groaned dreadfully. The said resident otid not, however, stay to in terrogate the * unreal mockery ' as to the mean ing of its peculiar conduct, but exercised such unwonted velocity of movement that he found himself at his own door in an extraordinarily *hort space of time. It is stated that his hair resembled the ' quills upon the fretful porcu pine' to an extent that 'defied both brash and comb to make it assume its original condition until the state of nervous agitation into which lie had been thrown by the apparition had somewhat subsided. We expect to hear before long that Constable Donegan has succeeded in exorcising this unquiet spirit, and that he, she, or it, as the case may be, is safe in the custody of Corporal Smith at the lock-up.' 'One of the most painful accidents which It has been our duty to record,' says the South Eastern star, 'occurred on Saturday, August 31. A heap of rubbish was being burnt on the farm of Mr. Edward Jacobs, Glenburnie, on the morn ing in question, and Mrs. Jacobs and her little daughter, aged four years, were attending to the fire. The house is about 200 yards distant from the spot where the rubbish was burning, and having some domestic duties to attend to, Mrs. Jacobs left the little girl for a few moments. As she was returning the n - other observed her daughter holding up her hands, and perceived that her clothes were on fire. Mrs. Jacob xnsbed to her assistance and as quickly as pos sible rendered all the aid in her power, but un fortunately the poor child was sadly burned ?before the flames could be subdued. All the clothes excepting the boots were burned from the little one's body, and her eyebrows and ; eyelashes were completely destroyed, only her . ^hands and feet escaping from the flames. The '.'. another, too, suffered severely' from burns, re ceived during her efforts to extinguish the fire. . The little girl was taken to her home and Dr. Jackson at once sent for. 'We regret to say that all the skill which could be brought to bear upon the patient was unavailing, for she gradu ally sank and died on Saturday night.' The Gladstone paper states that 'an accident of -a severe nature occurred to a little' son of Mr. D. Heaslip's, on Tuesday evening,' August 27. The boy, who is about 12 years of age, ?was in the habit of riding to the Gladstone school daily on horseback. On the occasion of the accident he was proceeding home in the com pany of a schoolmate named Prior, also on horseback. When leaving the town a race was : commenced between the juvenile equestrians, and young Heslip's horse becoming unmanage able ran against a wire fence enclosing a vacant allotment adjoining Mr. C. S. Lake's residence. The result was that the horse fell over the fence, breaking the top wire, and the little fellow was thrown forcibly to the ground,- sustaining a nasty cut on the forehead. It appears, however, that when the horse ran against the fence young Heaslip's leg also came in contact^with the wire, and the flesh part of the leg was badly cut, the bone being exposed. No bonesfortunately were broken. Dr. White was speedily in attendance and dressed the wound. Great praise is due to Mrs. Lake for the prompt and kind, assistance the rendered the little sufferer,' who was' re moved at once to that lady's residence, where every possible attention was paid Tiiny The tmfortunate little fellow speedily recovered con sciousness. The horse escaped without -any apparent injury.' At the Millicent Police Court on Thurs day, August 29, before Mr. T. J. S. O'Halloran, S.M., Captain Roach, of the ship Windsor Castle, now lying at Rivoli Bay North, charged Charles Henderson, Charles Phalberg, Charles Thornberg, J. Thompson, W. Williamson, John Erickson, Peter Franks, and John Smith, sea men on board his vessel, with 'continued dis obedience to orders, illegal refusal of duty, and refusing to rejoin the ship.' Mr. Grundy, who appeared for the defendants, contended that the information disclosed no legal offence, or that if any were shown there were three separate and distinct offences, and that in consequence the information was bad. The S.M. agreed, and dismissed the ieformation with £5 5s, costs against the complainant, recommending the men at the same time to rejoin the ship. This,after consideration, they declined to do, alleging (states the Border Watch) that they were abo minably treated on board and insufficiently fed. The captain then laid a fresh information against them for refusing duty, to which they all pleaded guilty, and the S.M. had no option but to sentence them to one month's imprison ment in the Mount Gambler Gaol with hard labor. Much sympathy is expressed for the men at Millicent and Rivoli Bay, and the S.M,, in sentencing them, said he considered the cap tain was equally to blame with the seamen. As the 8.15 train from the Semaphore was leaving the Port Adelaide Station on Thurs day morning, August 29, it by some means took the wrong line and ran into an empty track near Messrs. J. Dunn & Co.'s flour mills. The front of the engine was very much broken, but the locomotive was not damaged so badly as to pre yent it taking the train on to Adelaide, where it arrived about a quarter of an hour late. Another accident happened at the Port late in the afternoon of the same day. As the train that left the Semaphore at 5 o'clock was near ' . Ing^ the Port Station the engine, instead of taking the curve leading into the station, con tinued on the straight line up the street some 60 or 70 yards. The carriages, however, took the proper line, and three of -them were dragged some distance across the street after the engine. The inmates escaped with a slight shaking and fright. The carriages were placed on the line in about half an hour after wards. The down train, which arrived a few minutes after the accident, could not So further than the Port Station, the line being blocked, so it returned with the passengers who - had intended going up by the damaged train. Later in the day. the trains ran at the usual time. The accident is supposed to have been caused by a stone being on the points. A few . evenings ago one of the trains going to the Semaphore took the wrong line and went a short distance down Commercial-road to wards Queen's 'Wharf. ?* 