St, David's Sunday School. Bj L Tlio foundation or memorial atonoofH| tko now St, David's Sunday School, in H| Hnrriugton-BtroQt, was laid on Saturday H|| afternoon by his Lordship tlio Bishop of Tasmania, in proacnco of the Very Rov. Hjij Doan Bromby, Oauon Bailey, tho Rov, Messrs, Mayaon, Hughes, Wilson, Bores- Bijj ford, and Gruncoll, Mr. Hugliill, and about a couplo of hundrod others, Tlio old building, which was erected about 60 years ago, having been found totally in-H adcqu&to; for tho growing requirements ofH, the youth of tho parish, Mr. Honry HunteiH i was some timo ago instructed to prepsriM \ plans for a now odifice, and Mr. WillianHC Androwa' tondor of £2170 for its ercctioiH): was nccopted. Tho wallB aro already fronH1 4ft. to 6ft. in liuight, and a glance at plans enabled us to gathor the followinjKj; lurticulars : — Tlio building will bo 116ftH:j|> n longth by 48ft. in breadth, covcriiqH(ji nearly all tlio ground available. principal front, towards Hnrrington-BtreebHjili willbo Gothic, of a simple and unpro-HJjjt tentious character, in out stono; but itH bj' will bo pleasantly rolioved by a tallgubloH |j over the centre window; a hnnisomoHl 111 porch, i at the southern end ; and a rathorH|l;i| imposing belfry, .springing from thoHh.lj centre of tho Synod Hall, to a height 50ft, The sides and buck will be of brickL j Tho accommodation will consist of r.jl large rooms, one GOft. by 28ft. (to bo nteH ill! as a Diocoflun Synod Hall), awlitho otho'.lli 44ft. by 28ft (for tho ordinary) purp'os |l| i of tlio school). There will uiio II ! class-room 21ft. by 10ft., hqd ioo jjjj smaller apartments for tlio fji ' of tho caretakor. Tlio building |jill V, nccominodnto about 600 children, j id will bo' completed by the ond of ' ho present year. At about 2 o'clochro Saturday afternoon a procession, mndtip of a large numbor of tho children att<a- ing tho school, and tho members fcfit. David's choir, in surpHcos, moveditoha site of tho now odifice, and tho hyu» "In tho pleasant sunny, meadows, '!ros sung. The Very R-ev. Dean Bromby«nd the Rev. Mr. Gray intoned tho proers nnd versicles, and tho responses ere chantod by. tho choristers and' tho- lars. The Lord Bishop delivers & briof but ompbatic and telling adcoaa on tlio bonefils resulting from relijous education, and tho duty of snpportig it which duvolved on all truo OhrishnB. After soino further prayor and siujng, Doau Bromby 'stated that an opporluity « would be aflordod thoso prcsont for Jer- |: ing donations, which might bo laid oitho foundation stono. Tho lmilding$wuld, J ' in all, cost about £2500, aud only bout A half of that sutn had as yet boenconH tributod. Thoy now wautcd help .to assist them in cWrihg''dtfjH liabilities. Ho had much ploasulliH being able to 'announce that a secohH choquo for £60 had been given thaH morning in aid of the work by Dr. AgnowH and ho hoped that it would bo au exumplH for thoso present. A number of porsor thou laid down different sums on stono, and tho total (including Dr. Ague r cliequo) amounted io £81. Copios < "Tho Tribune," "Church News," c a "Mercury," togothor with tho follow d \ inscription, woro placed in a cavity in ' t atpno : — t To tub Glory op God. j Tho Momorial-stouo of the Suae i School af Saint David's ,Cathedral Pari ii was laid on tho Feast of 'amt Poter t i Apostlo, 29 th Juno, in tho yoar of C u Lord, 1878, by Charles Henry, Lc re Bishop of Tasmania, in the x>rosonco oJ i largo number of Christian poople a id childron of tlio Sunday School : — Henry Bodlky Bromby, Doan of Hobart Town, being Incumbent of tiie Cathedral Parish. rJ Alfred Bkuksfoud, Assistaut Curate. Henry Huoill, Roador. V ; Benjamin Travers Solly, Richard Jambs Lucas, Edward Chan- cello it, Churchwardens. j James Barnard, John Hamilton, \- Representatives of the Parish in ' Synod. Tlio Lord Bishop then laid his hand on tbo stono, and said in a solemn andir f pressivo manner—" In the faith of Jesu' Christ, wo place this stone in the name of tho Father,' the Sou, aud the Holy > Ghost, that here true .faith, tho fear of 1 God, and brotherly lovo may dwell ; and I that this place may be set apart for the instruction of tho young in holy things, ' and for the honour of tho namo of the ' same our Lord Jesus Christ, who liyoth and reigneth with the Father and; the Holy Ghost, Uno God, world without end. borne furtiior hymns and psalms, and tho usual Bonediction, brought the I coremony lo a close; . - i \ 