' ;R|LIGlbUS. musico»religioii3 scririceis. ' . . / \- BitiUOP _<m Pktbhbououoh'S CirAuoE.-Tho utsnop or jfetorb6*ongh eommencou tlio tion of hia diocose on the 17th October, when ho delivered a chargo, in which ho considered tho queation of tho Church and bur assailants apart from party politics. There wore, ho said three forces in hipdprn spcioty, via., sectarianism, infidelity^ littd acnlu^;yJ;1\Vhk^<^ett' in tho attack iipw tiwdo on ihb ttritional Ofiurbc. He advisod the clergy to do all tboy could for ffl. ligion in Board schools, instead of endeavouring to thwart and cripple thoso institutions, As to tho separation of Church and State, ho urged tho clergy Dot to bo indifferent to the question, for the real interests of the Church roust be deeply affected by it. Tho truest and beat defonco of tbo Church on tho part of tbo clergy was iii their otfh lifts atld tfdt-k ad itorlfih priests, AEtmm6*tov dr Yoitr. IsTs.-Tho truth is, that *Vbrit thti Arohbich'ep of York has in view is tho conversion of tfifl Ritualists. He aims at proving to them not that their object** are unattainable, but that they aro not worthy of being pursued. Of course, if he can succeed in this object, that is another question. If the Church of Eng land^ could become exclusively Ritualist or | oxclustvqly EratigeHoul. she wou^ doubt less gain ItiJmedso fdrco ad an it&ttyj; ? rnont of religious aggression. But the I Arohbishop of York does not propose to make it exclusively Ritualistic or exclusively Evan gelical- What he ia anxious to see it become ia a kind of level plain, in which every valley shall have been exalted and every mountain brought low. All that each party really cares for would be forbidden, as likely to offend the other. No expression of bel;ef would be allowed, if the language used were less than three cen* turies old, or could not bo found in the writ* ings of a bishop) or at the least of somo eminent divine, "fthoita worftd bat! f-fceeivftd the 'im primatur of th^Sobiety lor PromtitiiigGhrislIdrt Knowledge. Tho. Ruffictencv and Aiiprematy of Holy Scripture, tilo authority of tlie CdtHoliti oree'dsand of .tne Anglicbii fbrtHdUri&^tfouIa bo proclaiulcd tiV qver£ toiigiio \ bilt It \Voiild be forbidden to explain any passage in an£ oiio of thom lest the ghosts of dissensions supposed to bo laid to rest should bo disturbed, and the terrible fact once more cotno to light that the Bible and tho Creeds are in religion what the constitution is in politics-a toxt on which to found debates. - This is not. a kind of compre hension which can aervo any useful purpose. Indeed, the impossibility of arriving at it .is so obvious, that we are tempted to think that'tho only purpose which the inventor expected it to lerve was that of furnishing forth the charitable platitudes which are supposed to form the stock in trade of the President of a Church Congress. -SpectaUf. 