CRfCKHT. CRICKET NOTES. By "Third Man," The intercolonial match has been lost and won, and although another victory has been placed to the credit of New South Wales, the beating Victoria sustained was not such a disgraceful one, after all. Although the colony has lost the match, it has to be congratulated for the display our representatives made. " They are the worst team ever sent over hero ; the odds are 4 to 1 that we beat them in one innings," said our neighbours ; but before the last winning hit of the match was made they had every reason to change their tune. The team certainly did appear a weak one ; but although I think that it is possible that an eleven more skilled cricketers could have been chosen, 1 do not think that a more plucky lot could have been got together to represent the colony. From first to last they made a plucky fight of it, and they deserved to win. The news that M'Sbane had been put out of the team to make room for Cooper caused no little dissatisfaction, and that feeling has in no way been increased by the sorry display which the veteran made with the willow. I do not mean to say that Cooper, in the first instance, shculd not have been iu the team. ; but if anyone should hav e made room for him it was young M'Donaell, who, although one of our most promising colts, is certainly too young yet to put into an inter colonial contest. M 'Shane, by man-, was con sidered the best bowler in the team ; and the team being weak in that department of the game, it seems excessively stupid to have rendered it more so by the withdrawal of M 'Shane. As a member of tie match com mittee, Cooper should not have consented to the management. The mistake is, of course, very plain now. M 'Shane could not have done worse with, the willow than Cooper and M'Donnell, and it is undeniable that he would have increased the bowling strength of the team ; and in all probability, had he been ia it, we should now have been congratulating ourselves upon a victory. As I have the Sydney papers before me, containing an account of the match, I can not do better than give a short resumS of it. Slight and Cooper were the first Victorian representatives, the bowling being entrusted to Evans and Coates. Slight drew first blood by a fine hit to the off for 3. Then Cooper got the same bowler away to the on for a brace. The rnns came very slowly until 9 runs were reached, and then Cooper scooped one from Evans to point, and attempted a run for it, but Dummett was equal to the occasion, and threw him out. Tennent joined Slight, and the Herald informs us that this partnership produced the best display of cricket during the match. Both men played very warily until Tennent eventually get a chance, and he hit Evans beautifully to to leg for 4 — the first 4 of the match. After 20 had made its appearance, Coates gave the ball to Tindail, Slight having just previously driven him splendidly for 4. The new bowler bowled a maiden, but runs still came, both men playing sterling cricket. Evans again changed ends, but 40 was reached without a separation, and when the adjournment was made for luncheon, things began to look very gloomy for New South Wales. After lunch the score still slowly mounted up, and the apperrance of the half century was greeted with cheers. Three more runs were added to the score, and our Colorado beetle friend was clean bowled by Evans, having made 25 runs. 2 — 25 — 53 What a pity it is that the remaining batsmen could not keep up this fine average. Elliott was next man, but after adding 5 to the score he was caught at short- leg by Tindail. 3 — 5 — 62. The sturdy left-hand batsman, Baker, was the next to oppose the bowling, but- Slight's turn had come, as in hitting hard at one well pitched up from Evans, be was clean bow'ed. His in nings, says the Herald, was marked by consum mate patience, though he never lost a chance of scoring from a loose one. Terry now entered into partnership with Baker. The scoring became lively, and some sharp runs were made, the batsmen displaying great confidence in the judg ment of one another. Seventy made its appear ance, and Baker was still very busy. Changes of bowling were tried, but the runs still came rapidly, chiefly through the exertions of Baker, and 90 made its appearance without a separation having been effected ; but when 96 had been scored Baker was clean bowled by Tindail for 22 runs. He played good free cricket, says the Herald , and deserved his runs. Scott took his place, but only 1 more run had been made when Terry rashly ran out of his ground at Tindail, and paid the penalty, being stumped by Thomp son. Allee was busy during his short stay at the wickets, hut he committed the same error ab Terry. M'Donnell did not score, but Hodges was not long in commencing operations. The team now, however, met with a piece of hard luck. Young Soott was beginning to bat very nicely, but a ball from Evans bumped, and Scott attempted to get out of the way ; the ball accidentally struck the bat, and he was caught at point. Woolf was next man, and he and Hodges played cry fine crioket, bringing the were up to !31, j I when the last wicket fell. The Herald thai , summarises the play " The score of the Vic- i torians may be considered very creditable. The paiin >n the batting belongs to Slight and Ten- nent. Baker played well for his runs, and ail three were very patient. Hodges and Woolf nad a merry time of it towards the close, and played fairly. Terry was too reckless, and the same maybesaid of Allee." The score of the New South Wales men is known, and it will only be interesting to my readers to give the summary of their play as it appears in the Herald . — The chief feature of the innings was the utter incapacity of our men to play the slow bowling. Almost without exception the men played them inside the crease, when the might have been easily dealt with before the pitch. Powell was the only one who seemed to know how to deal with them, and even he nearly fell a victim once. Against the bowling opposed to them our men should have made nearly double the number of runs, and the less said about their collapse the better. The fielding of the Vic- fAMntio nrao irov»i? oaaiI sm.1 A1Iaa J 1_ " wztwaw » v j ai1u AliW Ilia team with great judgmeut." The Victorians did not commence their second innings promisingly. The second ball from Evans sent Slight to the right about. A stand, however, was then made by Wcolf and Tennent, but when 23 had been reached, Woo'f played Evans t» short-leg, and was caugbt by Tindail. Baker then came, and runs were expected ; but he was in a hitting humour, and was bowled by Tindail after making half a dozen. The excitement now wai intense. Tindail and Evans were bowling splendidly, and the batting of Tennent was a treat to witness. Elliott, after making 8. put a ball softly up to point. Cooper, after making 1, gave place to Hodges, and then Tennent w&b; caught at mid-on. He had been at the wickets two hours, had not given a ghost of a chance, and had shown splendid cricket, Allee and Hedges made a short stand, but the innings closed for 76. Hodges played well for his runs. It was thought that the task set to the New South Wales team, to get 119 runs to win, was an easy one, bat the first five wickets fell with alarming rapidity before the attack of Hodges and Scott, the latter securing four. At the close of the second day's play only 31 runs bad been scored. The Herald, appeared to expect defeat, and thus wrote : — " The collapse of our team was complete, and was produced by a combination of L A >3 «rvl A W A J A J3 I aL O 1" . .a I. I . A. . a. Uttli pittjl UdU J.UUK CCOvVm UDWllllg VV RS) most effective, as he obtained four wicket' for 13 runs." On the third day, however, the tables were turned, and the game was pulled out of the fire by Sheiidan, who was ably supported by Evans and Seale. The match was won by I ruu and one wicket, and was one of the mcstexci ia intercolonial contests ever played. Had M 'Shane been in the team, his services oa the last day of the match would have been invaluable, as the want of another change of bowliDg was very much felt. 