[?] ? AMONG THE GEYSERS. .The Lower Il'iro Hole Basin is another remarkable place in the National Park, though not equal to the upper one, from which it is separated by a lew divide. Still . there are in it a great number of geysers exhibitiugan infinite variety of fine structure, uppeaiauee, ui.a sizo, some sm^ll, sowo . , large, meriting almost to bo oulled little . lakes, and containing vast volumes of boiling \- water ; others inero cracks or fissures in i surfaco, occasionally ejeoting air or liquid, like tho dimiuutivo putting- holes ono meets . With on tlio sea- shore.' Sometimes it is i ilica or flint that is deposited ; at other times iron, or silica and iron together, mixed .. in somo cases with sulphur also. Old ? springs aro here constantly dying out and new ones springing into life, 'tho pine-trees ? standing near springs, coated with deposit, and yet in full lifo, show that tho outbreak of these springs must bo somotliing of very modern date. Numerous baro patches in tho forest indicate wheio springs and geysers , onoe have been, and in many little lakes or ponds aro buried tho remains of extinct geysers. There aro also various mud voloanoes in this basin. Tho Fire Hole. River flows through tho basin. Its ' waters are warm, and much appre ciated in cold weather by flocks of ? goeso andduoks. Tho whole of tho river sides are 'honeycombed and pitted with springs, ponds, and mud- pots, furrowed with boiling streams, gashed witli fissures, and gaping, with chasms, from which is-suo hollow rumblings, as if great stones wero rolling round and round, or fierce, angry ' snarls aud roars. T'ho ground sounds hollow \- tinder foot. Tho track winds in and out among holes that puff sulphur flames or squirt water at you ; by great cavcrns that . reverberato hideously, and yawn to swallow . you up, horse and all ; crosses boiling streams . whioh flow over beds composed of a hard Crust, coloured yellow, green, and red, and skirted by great oisterns of boiling, seething . water. 'I'lie crust feels as if it might break ? through at any inomont and drop you into fire and flamos bsneath, and animals tread ? gingerly upon it. You pass a translucont lovely pool, and aro nearly pitched into its hot azure depths by your mule, whioli violently shies at a white puff of steam maliciously spitton in its face through a minute ficQUio in tbe path. You must nteds . rCXiimiiiu into that rKggeii-mouihua' cavern; ttr.d Biart buck Willi inoio ability than gri,oe to nreajio from a sudden 11 -od of hot water, . whiuh ? spitefully, nnd . without warning-,1 gurgles out and ivels joii through, - The air is full of Bnbdaed, gtcBuga noises — distant grumblings as of dissatisfied ghosts, faint shrieks, eatiriofil groans, and subterranean laughter— as if - imprisoned devils, though exceedingly unoomfortablo, were not beyond being amused at seeing a fresh victim ap proach. Yon fanoy yoa can hear the rattle of the loom, the whirl of wheels, the olang and olatter of maohinery; and the impres sion is borne upon the mind that yoa are in the manufacturing department of Inforno, where tbe skilled hands and artisans, doomed to hard labour, are employed. I can compare it only to one's feelings in an iron foundry, where one expeots every moment to step on a piece of hot iron, to be run through the etomaoh by a bar of white glowing metal, to be mistaken for a pig and east headlong into a furnaoe, or be in some way burnod, scalded, or damaged.' 