I Hli GOVERNOR'S VISIT TO LAKE SI'. CLAlli. Tl.o following uppoars in Saturday's J/tr™rjr ;- The Governor, ncconipaniod by the Uou Nicholas llrown, Mii.iat(ir of Lands and Works, mid Licutouulit- Colonel St. Hill, loft Hobart Town by tho 10 30 a.m. truiu on 20th February. Getting out nt l.ndgewatcr, tlio party niouuteu llmir Iu New Norfolk. .After collecting tho various packagca couUining touts, pro visions, &c;, &c;, for tl.o journoy, pre viously forwardcnl ou there, nnd handed thorn over to Mr Latham fol conveyance in Ilia tax-cart to tho lake, they rodo on to Uu.hr I''1*. « muBt ctunningly- iituatol residence on the right bank of the Der wctlt, distant 12 miles from New iNorfolk, whore the hospitablo owner, Mr dhoo uridgc, wolcoincd and olitcrtaiiicd His Exctlloucy at luncheon. Bushy l'ark pussesaes a inagnilicciit oak, Btatod to bo thu fiucat in tho colony. Iho gardoiis and grounds nhout liushy l'avk are laid out iu tho best tasto, and kept up in a stylo and order which can only bo coni darcd lo that maintained by holders of acata in thu old country, and thu haw thorn bodges, 30 and 40 feot high, i.t'o well worth a journey to look at. After luncheon, cantcrod away througli the township of lilonora to Fonton Forest (4 miles), whoro tho party were moat hospitably recurved by ftfr and Miss Fonton, and put up for tho night. Fenton Forest is nnotlier splondid property on thu samo bank ot the Derwcllt, and olio of the most extensive in tlie district, and boast* of a rival ouk tree to Iho bushy Park olio. After breakfast on tlio 2Lht loft Fontuu Forest, tho road Btill continu ing along this moat fertilo vailoy of the Dorwont, reaching Moadow Dank (4 mil. s), the property of II r Nicholas Brown, in about an hour. Here, iu a |wrfoctly chosen situation overlooking tho river, U ono of tho handsomest and moat aubstnu tiolly stone built houaes ono ueod wibIi to soe or hope to livo in. Leaving this, after luncheon, rode still along the rivor bank through Mr Bryant's property, and acpom niuied by Mr Burton, of the Hamilton l'olico Force, for twelvo miloa, until Dun robin wa- roadied, the .eat of the Messrs Hothuno. Here again i. a country -house), beautifully .ituatud on tho Dorwont, gardens and hop ground, iu perfect kocp ing, a great deal of. land about fenced in ; everything, in fact, in ' npplo- pio order.' Mr Buthuno and liil brother, moat courte ous of hoita, dined U.o traveller, sumptu ously and lodged them roost comfortably ; and early tho following morning (22nd), accompanied the Governor M far a. tho townahip of tho Ouao, dm mile., Mr Smaile, Irupoctor of lfoads, Hamilton, joining Hii Expejloncy at Dunrobin, and Mr Burton returning to Muc qnane rioiiu. Forded tlio Deriront above its junction with tho Ouse, at Clilnie, ab.iiil two milos fro... Iluurobiii, aud leaving thu Lawrunliy cittatu on the right, rodo to the Uuse. Bridge, now in cour.o of construction ; then on to l'au.,,,,l(t»'omilua), tho residence, of Mr liuiinc Ni^hulas. whuru breakfast wits de spatched, after which His Kioollcncy rodo through this beautiful property, to the school at tho Ouso, under the direction of Miss Lutrell, which ho impeded, to thu groat duligl.t of tho children who ob tained a holiday thereby. Then proeouded up tl.o Ouso Vul.oy, paaiing Mr Dixou's aud througli the ilotherwnod estate, formerly tuluuited by holders uf from oJ to 100 acros, who grow wlioaton a large Bcalo. Now not a vestige of thesu iioiuo steads U to bo suou. Thuli turning wost wurds ovur poor Ililhl and wuo'ls into wUdor country, about sic inilus from I'luvoud, p;uisud Sl.awliold, formerly an mil, uo.v tieod ob a aliuphord's hut j uud then' on through woods and over hilly Caiood, tho Victoria Valley ia reached. This is an open Hat of about 1 2. JO acres of tho richest description ; most of it is fencod ill, and u goodly proportion undur cultivation, lle.o was ono of thu princi nal cuiivicL Htutidiiri, uud llio I'uiiiuius of barraclis, storo-liouaes, stuiio- breaking Hhe-U, moti-ronjiiri, etc., etc.; uru Htill pcintod out. Some threu uiiles bufuru entering this valluy t ho mutal road conBtructud by thu convicts, eoni mences, and which extends to Man borough, on tho Rivor Mvo, distant from Victoria Valloy twenty miles. Leaving Victoria Vulley, Iho road continues over hilly country, well and heavily wooded , (a buaiu '.13 feet long, intended fur the Ouso Bridge, sawn closu to thu roadsidu, past Mrs Robert Jtoad's station. IJuck Marshos (two miles from Victoria Valley), ivliere Mrs KtannarJ resides, on to Mr .leukiiiB1 (tivo miles from the Valloy), on tlie Rivor Dor, crossing which, through from Mr Jenkins' another old convict sUi liou, called Seven Milo Hill, is passed. This was merely a detachment station from tbo hoad quarter uuu ut Victoria Valley ; and thu buildings Imvu all dis appeared. About tun milus from Jenkins' the road passes through the centre of tl.e Four Mile Mnrsh, and then up an ascent which rejoices iu tlio euphonious and high sounding name of Bur.t-my-Ciall Mill : after which tho road desccudd rapidly into I he plnius about Marlborougli, and about .Ir Joseph Clarke's station of llroutu. Thoso plains presunt a most delicate and ghost-like appearance, uovurud us they are with grand old trots staudiug without a loaf or twig on them -nothing but llio inoro solid branches on tlio bare hU'iiih, devoid of bark, and wl.ituued by a^o, tl.u result .if a aeverc froal. wliidi killed tliiin nil uir .OHIO 2'i or II I year, ago, and left them staii.liiiK as they are. His lixcel Icney put up for the night ut llroutu station, where Mr Ellis, tlio inuuager, uvurytl.iug as clean as a uuw pin, and thu viands provided l,y Mrs Kills adillilably cooked and of cttcllunt quality— » ith -;oo,l sl.-il.liDK for horses, tlio latter no small b,,ou af'ur 3li milus from Cawood, tha groatur part of it being over very stoney road. Tho ucitl ? ruin:; (:':ird), about a quarter to 7, Blurted ncrosi Marl boroilgli l*l;Lina. p;uit llio oltl convict station mi Iho ltivur Kile (liuforo alluded to as the termination of tho convict road), over a bri.lgo much ill want of repair, p:isBiu,' tlii-ou^li Sir Kiuho las' jifopurty, uud, .iccoiupauied by Mr KIMs a- guide, proceeded through the open iimrsli urjrTiiiLrv ti\u\ Biitiie bush to thoClai-cnc Rivei'(il miles from llr.m ,-). whore Mr Kill ' \ms u cattle station. Hero Mr Littham, with tho cart, was overtaken, and also Sir Robert Road, of Rudlauds, and his brother, Mr Jehu Head, of Kin varra, who wens on tlieir way to tho Like Thu tn.ck now geuorally akirtud tho inanliy l'ind which abounds here, and Ui'ere^tiiniiisli hi(s°of acriih ^m.l bush. Ah'.iit eight miles from the I lurunce. crossed tho Travellers' Stream, mid about thne-.iniirtera of a mile further on. thu rierwellt, which tnkus its rise ill Lako St. tJlr.ii-. I'limint; up it. right bank f..r about two mile., an.) tllull diverging I., tlio left through hiiah f.ir about auollier two miles, thu strip of suudy buauii on 1 aku St. flair, wln-iu thu bout liousu is ?ilnatcd.ii reached. Liiko St. CUif lies about N « . and S 13., i. aliimt Hi or 17 inilos iu length, by home throe or four iu breadth, nml is about 25 Wft. above the level of tlio sea. Pitched cninpoli tlio south cistern end of tlio beach on tlio rising g'rounJnbovo it. Found Mr Counsel, tl.e surveyor on'-aged in cutting utruck to the Pieman Hiver ; encamped about 20:1 yards off In tho afternoon, tho Governor, and Messrs N. Brown, R. Head, Counsel, and St. Hill launched llie boat, and ronuu ton-ards the north-westorn part of tlio lake, but it blew so hard that after round ing a couple of the distant |Kiiuts, at tlio furthest ono of which His Kxccllcncy landed, nn.i succeeded iu gutting a capital Rkotch of Mount Ida, it was considered, advisable to return Tho night But in very stormy raining steadily iu torrents, and hailing fre.inei.tly Fortunately tbo (i.iveinor's and Mr Brown's li.,nes bad been sent hack with the groom, and Mr S.naih'to thoircon.fnrU.blu quaitors nt Bronte .in arrival at tlio lake, or they must have suffered from the night', exposure Thoso animals which rcniaino,l siill'uru.l severely from tlie leeches, which t iiuisheil then, a good deal, causing thu poor brutes to bleed severely. Tho next nion.ins (Fehnliry 24th) found all tho hills ah'iit-Mount Olympus, Tda. ftufiis. Hugcl -covered with snow which had fallen heavily during the night, and as it now mined and hailed only in ►boners, between which there were occasional glimpses of sunshine, tho now of thoso .n.iw-cla.1 mountains was magnificent, nnd thutJo inVcS-o'ifcetelM!.. During tho forenoon His Excellency, Mr N. Brown, Mr Counsel, and Col. St. Hill, proceedod on the nowly-cut Pieman River truck ns far as tlio Cuvier River, which is hereabout a chain wido ; and iu tho afternoon again attempted to uxploro the lako to tho north-west, but tho inclement weather prevented proceeding many inilus. 'Iho forost of inyrtlo and sassafras trees wlrch clotbo tho different promontories and hoadlands running into tho lako — literally down to the very water's edge — rendered thusconory, sot 'off as it was by liarly attractive, mid it only wanted line weather to eomplctn as picturosquo a bit of lukoKceiiurynstholloiU'tnfman colllddc sir,-. But fine weather wnsnottobo had and nltlinugh tho secoiifl night was passod in vious ono, still on awaking noxt morning (2'ilh) it was misty and inclined to driz zle. Struck camp about !) a m. ; said good bye to tho Messrs Hoad and Sir Counsel, nml turned fnecs hoinewfir-]&« meeting tlio I torsos whicli wcro sent out fnmi HrnntJibettrccn tho Dorwcnt and Traveller's .livers, and reaching Hmntii about a ntmrtcr i-ast ono o'clock. In tlio afternoon tlio Governor, tvocinipiiniod by Mr Kllia, rode ovor lo Lako Eoho, of which His Kxcellcncy made a capital akotch, returning iu the ovoning. Early on thu morning of 2Cth tho fiovornor rodo nil' to Cawood (3U miloa), wishing to cot thoro as early us possible to onjny some hours fly fishing in tho Ouso ; and Mr X. .1. Brown and Col. St. Hill, accompanied by Mr Ellis— tho Brontt' manager— rode over to Macclesfiold, on Lako Eoho (16 miles), the property of tho Hon. N. J. Brown. Unlike Lako St. Clair. where a solitary cresbjd grobo win the only sign of animal lifo, found Lake Echo perfectly alivo with wild duck. After a stay' here of about an hour and a half, tho aame party of throe rodo through tlio Basltan Mills and othor properties, to tho Victoria Valloy (18 miles). Hero Mr Ellis returned to Hronto. and Air N. .T. Brown and Col. St. Hill enntinuod on to Cawood (10, miles), which was readied about 8 p.m. being moat hospitably received and wel corned by Mr and tin M. Nicholas. Loaving Cawood about 10 on the morning of tho 27th, HI. Excellency and Col. St. Hill, under the guidanco of Mr Squire, of the Ouse, rode througli the Cleveland property to tho ' Cataract,' on tho Dor weut 111 miles from the Ouso llridgo, and about 2J mills higher up tho river from U ? iihin). tlio fiovernor wishing by pur wliolher thu lull huru was to., groat or thu current t,, ra|iid I,, udn.it of salmon gutting beyond them. Ilii F.xcelluucy having sntislied himself tl.at thoro w.ui uoth iug to stop ordiuary salmon, rode to Dunrohirt, whence., after refreshing tlio inward man. tho party proceeded to Moadow Hank, where the night Liblishmeiit affords. Early ..n the morn ing of thu 28tli tho Hon. N. J. Brown loft for New Norfolk, to catch (ho morn i,,.. steamer for Hobart Tumi, His Kxcelluucy, with Col. St. HiU, riding on to Kunton 1'orost only, for breakfast: uftor whicli tl.o (lovon.orhad a fow hours lly-li.liiii|! in the Doiwout ; then, ac coiiipauiud as far as the Ivanhoe and Kinvarra listatos, by tho fair ho.tuss of Fenton Forost and hur uiuoe, rodu on to Hodlaiidx, whuro tho night was |iassud. I ho Governor lished tl.o Uorwent bore until 10 at night, and was rewarded by sliatiu of u grilm 41b ill weight. At li the next ni.miiuii (1st Marelu tho rivur was again I'lBhed towards Now Norfolk, from whence His Kxcclloncy drove to Uobart 