POPE PIUS IX. The month's' Mind for His Holiness, Pope Pius IX,, was celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral on Monday evening and Tuesday last. On Monday evening the dirge was chanted, His Grace tbe Archbishop, and their Lordships the Bishops of Bathurst, Goulburn , and Maitland being present, together with a very large number o£ the clergy. On Tuesday morning solemn Pon« , tifical Mass was celebrated by his Lordship Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, who had as deacon The assistant priests at the Archbishop's throne were Fathers Mahoney, Pere Garavel, and Po Carroll. A large number of the clergymen of the diocese were present. At the conclusion of the Mass, the Very Rev. Dean M'Carthy delivered the following- ad dress: — To gain anything like a proper conception of She position held and maintained with so much dignity,, power, and efiect by. Pius IX., wa ought to endeavour to conceive some idea of his relations to the Church, to temporal kings, and to civilization. . The due understanding- of these relations will enable us to see his duties,, hia rights; his difficulties, his failures, and his successes —will unravel the seeming mystery of his elevation, of the attachment of millions to hia person and office, and of the dread enter tained by raillions of some \ronderiul power supposed to be possessed by him, and which ia to them, perfectly unaccountable. He was the head of an organization extending1 to all climes — embracing people of all nations, of every tongue, and every tribe— stretching back during eighteen centuries and morea witnessing the risa and fall of mighty empires— presenting to the world the noblest characters tfiat have filled the most glorious pages of tho history of statesman ship, of literature, of crtti, and ascetioism— - connected with and leading1 every movement that tended to lift man' from the depths of degradation to the level of true liberty— that sought to call man from the darkness of ignorance to the marvellous light of the Gospel — to deliver him from tho enslavement of passion to tho government of reason, enlightened and guided by the truths of Christianity. When in Juno, 18-16, he became tho successor of blessed Peter, his relationship with this organization became more intimate ; every member of it became of noeessity an object of his solicitude, whether they lived in Siberia, or in the scattered islands of Polynesia ; in Europe or America, in any division of Asia, Africa, or Australasia, it mattered not ;— whether they were following the simple pursuits of the shepherd, the fisher man, t£'o agriculturist— whether they were fascinated, with the sweets of literature, and the beauties of art— whether exploring- the depths of the heavens above and the earth beneath — ? whether studying the mysteries or God's revelation or revealed word, or humbly teaoh in-j its. simple precepts — whether leading Iive3 of the moat rigid asceticism, and explaining its laws, or scandalising* by the laxity of thei e morals, their fellow«iuan, it mattered not — all formed the mystic body of which he became the mystic head, all were children of whom he be came the divinely appointed guardian and father -~all cons ituted the bride to whom he wan espoused by a heavenly and indissoluble bond of attention, affection, and protection. When from the summit of his elevation he fixed his gazejjou the far and wide extent of this organization, now united and endeared to him by the tenderesfa ties and the most chastened love, he clearly observed ifca spiritual wants and spiritual afflu « ence, its spiritual shortcomings ' and ardenc yearnings, its diversified pursuits and conditions, its simplo minds meekly following lives oc unobstruDive piety; 'ad come of its mighty mind :?} energising ?with feverish activity 3 and perplexed with doubts about seemingly clashing righ's, and fclio minds and hearts of p.ll, And then fcho her.rfa r.:ad inrnds turned to-^arda him, as ' their fathor, tlieu1 Q-uide3 for light, protection, and consolation. JJa must have folt the full forco of Mo relation to tho Church, andvroll understood the full application of his Master's' v/ords, 'Thou art Peter, and on this rook I v;ill build my Church,' &c; ' and do thou, onco con« verted, confirm thy brothren, and feed my lambs, food my sheep/' Whosoever haa ? » * dwelt upon the meaning of these £words of 01 . Saviour, must acknowledge the closest relatioi ship between the Pope and. the Church ; an from this relationship towards the Church folio his relations towards temporal rulers ar civilization. Some of the temporal rulers are h own children, and all of them have some - his children subject to them, , The welfare - his children is largely dependent on the prudenc the impartiality, and justice of the sovereig under whom they live ; on the enactment an administration of equitable laws where the reside. If his spiritual subjects were confine to one territory, he and the temporal rulers c that territory would have a joint interest i advancing- the happiness of their joint subjec'i and for the same reason^ has he, with all th sovereigns, a joint interest in promoting th well-being of all nations, because in all nation his spiritual subjects dwell,, If the Sovereig Pontiff and all earthly powers are united! bound to consult and provide for the peace an prosperity — each in their own sphere — of thei respective and joint subjects, it is evident tha relationship of cordiality and mutual co»opera tion should subsist between them. His relation ship to civilization will, to the least reflectinj mind, be most unquestionable, and moa intimate. For what is civilization ? It is th knowledge, the acknowledgment, the apprecia tion, and observance of the rights of God am man — the suppression of evil tendencies— tin subduing of our vicious passionp, tin cultivation and development of our virtuou inclinations, the perfecting of our owi noble qualities — the studying mutual for bearance and respect — the making proper us- of all the resources furnished by our Creator to enable us to effectively and agreeably dis charge all our personal and social duties, anc legitimately enjoy all our personal and socia advantages. The position of the Sovereigr Pontiff has the closest connection with such i civilization, which alone is worthy of the name, for it is his privilege to publish everywhere th- ?rights of God and man— to inculcate every where that moral code, given by God to man to show man to himself , and help him to kno-n his dangerous as well as ennobling properties, and guide him in removing whatever is base, gross, and irregular, and refining Avhat is good, and noble, until the creature become the re: stored image of the All perfect Original, accord' ing to what he was first made. Pius IX. tho roughly puiew all his relations towards the Church, temporal rulers, and civilization ; per fectly understood the obligations these relations imposed on him ; heartily embraced his duties, and cheerfully and completely performed them. He brought to the Pontifical Throne all the personal qualities its elevation and its sanctitude required. Trained from his childhood in the knowledge, fear,, and love of God, and for years training many in the way they should walk, his heart was disciplined according to the rules of unassuming asceticism, and his mind illumined with the_ bright truths of rovolation. Ho appoiv ' tioned his time, and arranged his various duties, that he might advance his own sanctity, without interfering with his attention to the interests of millions; hia intercourse with heaven secured him ' light, strength, and tranquillity, and hia intercourse with men revealed his benignity and universal charity. His communications with heaven gave him humility without the leaat alloy of dissimulation ; cheerfulness, without the least admixture of dissipation ; imparted to him the spirit of mourning without dejection, gravity without the leaat acerbity, a spirit of playfulness without the leaat unbecomingneas, truthfulness without the least dupicity, fear without the least dejection, hope unattended with presumps tion, the spirit of fraternal correction unaccom panied with indignation,, the spirit of edification unstained by pride, the spirit of unive sal affection unadulterated by the least selfish ness, and the spirit of persevering patience undis-- turbed by the least repining, and his communi* cations to and with men elicited from friend and foe a willing testimony to the purity of his heart, the uprightness of his intention, and his constant zeal in promoting his Divine Master's cause. Let the venerable prelateSj in whose presence I now presume to speak, who have so often seen and conversed with Mm, say whether I exaggerate in omninavising the qualities of Pius the JXth. But as acts more forcibly°than descriptive mords tell a man's character, I will beg your attention to a few of his acts of world wide notoriety. He began his reign by proclaiming a general amnesty for all the political offences against the State — he opened the prison gates, and let the prisoners free — he recalled those who had left the country, and he required of them only a simple declaration that on their word of honour they would not abuse the Sovereign clemency, and would for the future act as loyal subjects. Their gratitude appeared to be unbounded — their ' vivas '' re' sounded through the streets of Eome, and very many even swore by their heads and the heads of their children, to be faithful to death to Pius IX. — to shed their blood for him, and renounce their share of Paradise if ever they betrayed the oath of honour which bound them to the Ponti-- fioate. He commended the work of political reform, and was proceeding in making his State, a model for continental imitation, until the hand of the assassim bet-rayed hia proceedings, and the men whom he had restored to liberty forgot their honour, their gratitude, their eelf impoaed oath, and forced him to ily tho city of Rome. . However, he repined not, ho knew he followed the generous impulses of a father's heart ; and if hia children abused hia affection and generosity, tl-ey made him suffer lesc than his Sovereign and Lord Jesus Oln-ist ondured when Ho heard tho hosannan of one day Boon changed into tho language that betokened his approaching crucifixion — 'Crucify him! crucify him !-' Let tho records of the acts of Piua IX. as a temporal ruler be investigated, and they must declare that, aa far as circumetancen permitted, he governed his States with the affection, the providence, and wisdom of faith, But the difficul iv ties with which he was surrounded did not in th i- least slacken his zeal, or appear to impede hi id efforts in furthering the interosta of the Church w Old England arrests his attention ; the accumu id lated prejudices of 300 years are being thiunei is and dissipated ; the Catholic truth is embrace 3f and professed by many of the noblest minds o jf the land ; the small congregations of forme e, years increased to many and larger assemblages ?n and still the numbers were coming on and in d creasing more and more. Tho government o y the Church was then in an abnormal state ; thi d bishops had their titles from Papal lands, am -f were recalled at the mere caprice of the Propa n ganda, They had no canonical stability, am 3, could, on their own authority, undertake nothing e of national importance or graudeur. He saw tin e time was come for placing the Church of Eng [3 landin a normal state. He re- created its hierarchy n established new centres of light, life, and vigour y whence has resulted that admirable progresi d noticeable in the Church thore during the las r twonty-seven years. Young America engage: ,t his attention, an.l he assembles its learned ,' experienced, and saintly prelatos to aid oacl i- other by mutual counsel, to devise the befi1 g measures to meet the wants of the now world, tc it make known to him their neoesHities, their sug e gestions, their recommendations, and to receivi \- his directions and blessings. The prelates an I reanimated, their numbers increased, their ve- e sources for good, are multiplied a hundredfold, e Far distant Australia is near his hear!;, and s under the ken of his eye, lie looks on ifo i Eastern division, and ho beholds one jDrelate oi a iron constitution and indomitable energy labour. 3 ing with the zeal of au Apostle — at one time iu , the semi- tropical regions in the north, at auotliei \- in tho cold regions of the south, everywhere 1 endeavouring to attend to the necessities, and 1 satisfy the piety of hia scattered flock He sees i his work is more than one man can perform, and i he sends to his relief iliose prelates of whom , some you now see before you, and whose pre 3 sence forbids me the expression of v/ell- deserved . eulogy, and only allows me to say, cast your , eyes over tho vast region that stretches from t Cooktown in the north to Deniliquin in the , south— behold the churches, the convents, tho schools, the colleges, the zealous priests, the attentive and faithful congregations, and you s must exclaim, ' Pius IX. loved us iu ' enlarging our hierarchy, and in sending . such devoted, generous, and self-sacrificing ?? prela es.' The same may be said of the , southern and western divisions of this fair i Australian land. Each part of the world en gaged and leceived his attention. It is not given, to me to know all he has done for each . part of the Church —the bishops, the adniinistra j tors, the heads of religious houses collectively ; can tell how much and how dear to him were i the interests confided to their charge ; how . solicitous he was that they shou'd guard, their ? interests as the interests .of our Divine Lord. In ; some countries his d'rections were received with out demur or opposition : in some ho was obliged to enter into concordats with the Princes i of the land; in some he was compelled to rebuke 1 Princes, and sustain his people, priests, and bishops against the unprovoked hostilities of tho i temporal rulers. Towards all he acted the father, the Sovereign Pontiff. But though the special interests of each portion of the Church ; engaged his atention, he found time to defiue , and proclaim truths of universal importance. These truths were written by the finger of God, iu the heavens of revelations. Pius clearly saw them, distinctly read them, was filled with ado miration at them, and he determined to make them known to the world. He fixed his gaze on the heavens of revelations — and he saw a woman clothed with the sun of justice, the moon of human frailty beneath her i'uet,- and a crown of the stars of the brightest virtues surrounding her — he saw the heel crushing the serpent's head— he saw her represented, under types and figures that were exceptions to all the laws of nature — he heard prophets describing- her exceptional perfection — he heard angels saluting her as the blessed one among women — he saw, and heard much more, and he invited the prelates of the whole Church to fix their gaze on this beautiful object, and declare whether they thought with him. And they did declare, and their interpretation accorded with his, and he proclaimed to the whole Church, and the whole world, that Mary, the mother of our Saviour— through the merits of her own Divine Son, was immaculate in her very conception, and as a consequence, he, and with him the whole Church, can say that no material types, no earthly language can picture or describe the excellence of the one whom the Father chose to be ths mother of His Son, whom tho Holy Ghost chose to be His spouse, and whom the Son chose to be the mother of a'l His disciples. The world, indeed, will not understand the bearing of this grand wonder, but overy child of the Church has exulted, and will exult in a truth that exalts the mother of God — that ushers in the new dispensation, and makes the second Evo a worthy co-operatrix with the second Adam in regenerating the human race. Again, he summons the prelates of the Church to examine the records of revela tion and ecclesiastical tradition, and Pay whether or no his conviction, that the Sove reign Pontiff, the Vicar of Christ, the visible head of the Church, was exempt from error when he taught the universal Church anything within the domain of faith or morals was founded on God's unerring word. He saw the time when the Spirit of pride would exert all his powers and unceasingly and everywhere to add new errors to the catologuc of former ones, and he caw tho necessity of an ever- living and watchful tribunal to detect nascent error, to ex* pose its danger, and crush it at its birth, And the p- elates from all regions of the world gathered round Pius, they expound their own private belief, and the traditionary belief, of the the several flocks, that Christ did invest his Vicar with the. I salutary prerogative of infallibility iu hia ex e cathedra utterances — and Pius, published to tho s Church and the whole world, a1) an article of i. the Catholic faith— that the faith held by his \- predecessors, by the Councils, by the millions, :1 in every age of the Church — regarding Papal :1 infallibility — was grounded on tho Divine f deposit committed to the care o? the Apostles r and their lawful successors. Every humble i, child of the Church sees the importance of the » dogma— though every proud mm, within and f without the Church, may gnash his teeth in b fury. The two pontifical acts are in themselves 1 sufficient to perpetuate the memory of Piua the \- IXth, iu the grateful recollection of the Church, 1 and entitle him to the gratitude of the world at *? large— if the world knew how to appreciate the 3 gift) of heaven. Rut those arc but two out of \- many. Like a watchman on ihe towers of , Israe', he observed the movements of the enemy ', —ha saw tho snares, the snares they were laying s for the ruin of the Church and State— he gave t the alarm as they came un^er his observation 3 and in his own :i Encyclical letter' of tho 8th , December, ISG'1, he pointed out eighty of them, i set, over them his caution and anathemas and b thus warned mankind against their ruinous ) tendencies and nature. All his acts, in the fii'at plane, defended tho rights of his Creator over i Ilia creatures; in the fioeond place, tlio rights of ) the constituted authorities without iui'ringiug ou i the rights of the subject, and the rights' of tho . subject without interfering witJi the rights of I aufe'ioriiy. Hie teachings would reconcile the ) Beeraingly clashing rights of :uau, and bin actions : wore in porlVot accord with his teachings. How ? then waaho, v?lio deserved go woll of Idngn and i peoples, denpoilcd of his SfcateB. stripped of hip 1 temporal power, and obliged to livo (or tho last, s snven years (if hia life iu a prison in the Vatican ? !. 1 may p.uower how wp/j it. Hie Divine Master, ) who went about doing good, nmrkirg every . footst'p by some miiv.de, heeling nil aurta of . disease?, giving flight to the blind, hern-ing io ? tho deaf, ttvongth to the 1-mic, life to Iho dead — . pveaihiun; tho purest, the holcifit, and moat 1 ennobling doctrine — wrs doapnilcd by the vary people whom ho moot favoured of Inn liberty, hia garments, uud his life. I wi'l not— I can net, indeed — divo into the mysterious deptha of God's dealings with His Bervante and ilia Church ; but I may be permitted to glorm something from tht iv surface. I niny uroaumo to nay that God permitted for fie spoliations, tho huiuilin, tions of Piap, to exhibit the Church to tho 9 world — his extraordinary virtues of resignation, i fortitude, meekness, constancy, and charity;— '|| to demonstrate to all that the Sovereign Pontiff j! in poverty and destitution, is dearer, if possible, to millions of his children scattered over the world than he was in the midst of the trium- j phant splendour of tho temporal power ; and to prove to mankind that the vitality of the Church is founded, not on temporal power but on the eternal, the irreversible promises of Heaven. The impiety of infidels 'aud faithless children may take away what tho enlightened piety of royal and faithful children gave, Triumphant injustice 1 may for years hold possession of the Eternal City, i though consecrated by tho blood of thousand's | of martyrs. Crowned sacrilege may even prow ceed to more irreligious deeds than any yet perpetrated, and the ananthematised logic of *' accomplished facts ' may bewilder for a time the minds of tho honest and seorn to gratify the doings of thhe dishonest. But Europe will yet recover from the delirium of falsehood aud villanios — the dark clouds that hang about Rome will bo dispersed— and tho ephemeral powor created by infidelity, brute force, aud sacrilege will disappear, aud leave tho Sovereign Pontift to walk once more the streets, to repair tho ravages made by his foes, and exercise his spiritual power with liberty untrammelled by delusive guarantees. But one thing they cannot take from him - the troasure of a stainless reputation, tho treasure of a staiuless character, tho well- earned reputation of unflinching ad- herance to principle and duty, the tribute of universal admiration and affection, and tho con viction of millions that he has fought the good fight, that he has finished his course gloriously, that he has kept the faith and illustrated it, that he has gone to his rest surrounded with a halo of merit, and his crown of bliss is for him per fectly secure. 