THE BISHOP OF GLOUCESTER AND : BRISTOL ON THE CONFESSIONAL. : In his address to the clergy at Cirencester, Bishop Ellicott spoke at some length on the " Confessional, and his remarks on the subject : seem to us so much to the purpose that we gladly, invite attention to them. Referring : tn' i r;-)7, : SACRAMENTAL CONFESSION bis' lordship said — This alien practice, it is now "/-perfectly ' plain, is being steadily, and I fear I i- must add stealthily, reintroduced, or as some would prefer to say, revived, in the Church of .lEngland, Further, it is now also clear that this J .reintroductiou or revival has the support of at ...least one distinctive organization, and that those -'.who advocate it are not in the least prepared to ,- submit to the judgment of those set over them ... :in. the Lord, or to what one of the supporters of the. system arragantly and unbecomingly speaks ..of as "the voice of uninstructed authority." , :We .therefore find ourselves confronted with a system wliich.we are plainly told shall be, if . possible.- reintroduced into our Church — a r. system,. which, independent of, all other con siderations, is calculated to enhance andconso- ,; Rdate , the power of the priesthood, and by con sequence, dangerously, to alienate the whole body of the laity of the Church, and, in the sequel, to precipitate that separation of the V Church and the State which will inevitably and "inexorably follow any general development of .priestly assumption on the part of the clergy of " the Reformed Church of England. On this subject no reader of history, no quiet observer j of the deeper feelings and almost instincts of \- the1 people of this country can feel and doubt whatever. Friends are looking forward witli anxiety; foes with increasing satisfaction; as 'both well know that when confession becomes 'generally advocated aud pressed forward, and '/With it the Sacerdotalism of which it is the very ' life and principle, the then last sands of the Established Church will be running, and the end very near at hand. Every reason then, self- preservation, as well as higher reasons, seem certainly to suggest to us that it is " our duty calmly and temperately to face this question, \- and to settle, on broad and sober principles, on ' the general tenor of our formularies, the light afforded , to us by Holy Scripture, and a calm . consideration of the characteristics of our com posite nature, whether Sacramental Confession ; either is or ought to be regarded as a part of r.the doctrinal heritage of the Churcb of England. .First; ho we ver, as far as it is possible to do so, let us settle. ' ; "WHAT WE MEAN BY THE EXPRESSION. I What is Sacramental Confession ? It is a term, = 'as our' owri! Houses of ; Convocation remind lis, 'unknown to the Church, and from, that very 1 rtasori more difficult fairly to define, lsupppse,1 however, that we shall not be wrong in deeming J it to mean the habitual and detailed confession of sin's to a priest with a view of receiving ' priestly absolution, 'and of so becoming better ' settled .for a fajthful and true partaking of r the ' Holy Communion, and of attaining to a higher ' standard of spiritual life. This perhaps falls 'shbrtfof the meaning that very many of its' ' supporters : assign to it. Very probably that : which- a calm and wise writer on this subject 'has /declared to be the grammatical meaning of j the term, viz., "confession has one part of a' sacrament," is really the meaning that many' would readily accept; though such an acceptance /really, involves a denial, or at any rate anj explaining away of the 25th article ; veryllikely! J'our gloss is not co-extensive with the full mean-; ring of - the expression ; it is, however, quite' (enough for our present purpose; it is fair to /our opponents ; it avoids side-arguments- as ' to" ;-the (number of the sacraments, or the definition; j of the : word sacrament, and it; can 'be debit; with in plain and intelligible arguffibht.'-' Eet'us! then consider this is to be the question before usi which we will now endeavour to anyver, f '.Ifi "this be Sacrtmental Confession, is it the " j DOCTRINE 'OF :THE CHURCH OF ENCLAND ? ! And if it is not; ought it to become so, and can! its reintroduction be morally or psychologically . defended' ??' In arriving at our answer let us clear the ground by observing, .first of-" all, that! if . Sacramental. Confession be - what i we liave defined; it,— if it is 'necessary for a Worthy; deceiving of the Holy Communion and ' does! (certainly open ,the way to a higber life, it does become; morally compulsory, si- It is something: that really; ought to be required. 'Ought not! vife to be a progress onward in holiness ? Isnot our sanctification the very will of'God Himself ? Is it' -not then an unworthy evasion to speak of, Sacramental Confession .as not Compulsory? Compulsoi'y ' it is 'not ' in'- this sense — that any ; priest. /oL our: Church could be legally 'justified, in refusing the Holy Communion to anyone who .had not confessed, or could even publicly preach ,and teach that it was necessary and indispensable' to salvation. Thank' God, we have not yet; ,r.ome;to this ; and in Buck a sense as this it may still ! be , spoken of as- not compulsory. But if the>: strongest encouragement be given' to it)— if societies are formed to support and further it, \- r-if -inicour missions, when the soul is agitated: and- anxious; it is presented : as the only safe; remedy-ff it is privately pressed upon the young , and . .the sensitive during their preparation' for confirmation— if our very children are instructed ; in, some: of the disloyal and unscriptural books ' ifor. th'e-young now freely circulated in many a parish (I Jhave .one now such' before' me as dam" writing , these words) . -that,' 'however' painful, ; confession must > be madri' to ' Christ's'/ priest ; " because i God desires" it,'" and because 'con- : cealment of sins from the - priest involves the certainty of being consigned to " the'eyerlasting fires j of. -hell," if death overtakes' the 'Concealer —if ':allithis is taught, as it is> taught, earnestly aud ; persistently, ' then I solemnly declare it to be . a plain and even wioked evasion to say- that confession Sgsi not required; - and - is Lndt "to - be understood; to ibe as morally compulsory; It is so j .and herc exactly it ia that we find this novel teaching is in. conflict with our Prayer-book arid formularies, and; what' is -far more serious, with the'ivery. mind of Holy Scripture, so far as that miridwean I be collected from its complete and most: (significant silence. "I do not find," says the sober and thoughtful writer to whom I have already Preferred, M anything, from beginning to end i ol -the New Testament, which can prove or intimate that this is the mind of Christ, or was understood > by the apostles to be His intention. Very clear places there are which enjoin confession of sins to God, hut not one place to prove or intimate that confession in any case mnst be made to the priest in his Sacerdotal capacity in order to obtain forgiveness of sins." This, then, is the plain and most serious aspect of this matter. When it has been admitted (for it could not be denied) that Confession is not compulsory in the system of the Church, in the sense in which it is compulsory in the Church of Rome, confession has nevertheless been praised both in public and private exhorta tions constantly and cogently. And not con fession merely, in the general sense in which it seems mainly alluded to in the Exhortation in the Communion Service, but Sacramental Con fession — confession to be followed by and designed to procure absolution. Without this absolution is has been implied, aye and I fear far more than implied, that there is no security for the forgiveness of post- baptismal sin. "If you desire earnestly," says one of the current manuals, ''some assurance of God's pardon, you must, as the Church directs you, make use of the ministry of reconciliation. Y ou must, as the Church directs you, go to soirie priest in whom you feel confidence, and open your grief, that is, tell him all your sins." This is the unscriptural teaching which is swelling the numbers of the poor anxious creatures who are now resorting to the Confessional. Ever in their ears the stern voice that tells them that no oonfession — whether by the bedside or in the Honse of God, whether in the comprehensive words of the daily service or in the earnest and even passionate words in the Holy Communion —will be of . any real avail unless it be whispered in the ear of the listening priest ; even the dreadful teaching that post-baptismal sin must remain, . ever remain, red as scarlet, until it be made white by sacramental absolution, and by the judicial utterance of, however highly claiming to be accredited, poor, mortal, and fallible man. This is the sad and dangerous influence that is now seriously augmenting the numbers of those who resort to habitual con fession, ; and is bringing us all, whatever our views may be on the question generally, to realize this certain fact and truth — that if the system is to be continued there must be a complete disciplinary change in the penitential provisions of the Reformed Church of England. It was from a dim feeling of this kind that four years ago . THE NOTORIOUS PETITION was presented to the Upper House of Convo cation of this Province, and that the advisa bility was pressed upon our bishops— these, I believe, were the terms of the petition— "of providing for the education, selection, and licensing of duly-qualified confessors, in accord ance with the provisions of— Cannon Law." The answer to this petition was, as we may re member, in effect that "we have no such custom," and that if any doubt could be enter tained on the subject; it would be dissipated by a calm , consideration of the formularies of our Church, and . of not only the language, but the changes of. language, distinctly and de- liberateLy: introduced, - in the second and subse quent, editions, of our Book of Common Prayer. "And this answer '/ we know, , has been very recently re-affirmed by the , Upper House of Convocation, and generally assented to by the Lower House, and now constitutes the declara- tiori of the living voice, of this Province of the English Church, so far as that Province can be .considered to., speak. , through its, ancient, and constitutional Synod. When we; revert, then, . to; the ! question with which we commenced as '.this substratum. o!f ' the,. present address, is the teaching, of Sacramental Confession compatible with the' doctrine arid" discipline of the English Church,?., we see that we have indirectly and- in--' 'fereritiaily, yet' no less completly, answered.it ih the remarks, that have been- already,; madeand .'tharisM/er. amounts 'to.tliisTTrthat |,i .; OUR CHURCH KNOWS NO SUCH TERMS' AS i'' ! SACRAMENTAL CONFESSION. : ilO; /That she does not'- enjoin; 'directly or indirectly, ; any.practice of habitual confessi6n,"arid that so! far fas ' her ' 'iriind : can be Collected '-frorir 'the! -textual changes that have taken1 placeurithe '.Exhortation that relates to this subject, arid the! rubric :that relates to absolution, it may further, ' safely; and truly,' he said that our Church does not -encourage confession to a priest,/ nay. even ; appears1, to- discourage it, if we inay rightly appeal to the Homily Or 'Repentance as in any general way expressing the; principles and teach-' lug of the Church of England on .this vital arid: -distinctive question. Let' anyone fairly and dispassionately 'consider the second Exhortation i in the First Book ov Edward 'VI., ' arid compare : it with the second' Exhortation in the Second: Book,- ( and" the 1 slightly changed' form ; of words : in- -which ('the- resorting - to1 the minister is, referred to in our present Exhortation— let' hirii \- consider dul all that is meant by a specification of '"the -riiinistry of God's Holy Word " as'the1 means or medium whereby the penitent, is to receive ' ' ' the' benefit of absolution let: him also weigh wellj'on the' one hand, the. addition; of the general confession arid absolution in the : second and all suceeeding Prayer Books, arid, on the other hand, the omissiori of the words in the rubric in- the; First Book which authorized the uses ofithe judicial ;fo"ni of absolution in the Yisitatiori' of the Sick all private Confessions, and yet further ( the new limitation by the words, '-'if he humbly and heartily desire it", to the directiori to absolve the sick, found as Sve. find it iri our last revision— let him dispassion ately 'consider all these truly significant changes, and then "finally endeavour to formulate tlie teaching of the Ohurch of his baptism on this subject. Can .that1 foririulatibn be; other than this ?'that our Church, while distinctly including in her commission to her .'ministers' the right to hear- confession;' and' tlie power to' deolare abso lution-' to - a / truly- : repentant believer, does plainly usejjtuch language and adopt such! limi tations- as; imply that, as regards , the private relations of the /priest and those that resort to him, her rule is pastoral counsel and consolation' ; and that it' is. only wheri this is found to be utterlyj una vailing; Or - when sickness is casting on the penitent its shadows, that she sanctions confession and- the J! extreme ' /exercise - ! of her committed : powers. '' ; We 'know well that J it is urged 1 that all this inay be generally true but that/wheu ' qnce/a1 Church has "coiiimitted such a power tq a priest to be used in the" case of the /tick)' it must mean that the power should be: Uged equally iri the case of the whole when ever there should seem an emergency ;- arid that emergency is something which may be very differently estimated. With this argument, often used not only by those who support confession, but conversely, by those who have in the background a desire to revise away the whole system as either superstitious or as resting on claims to supernatural powers which cannot possibly be substantiated, we need not particularly trouble ourselves. If, on the face of our formularies, there are clear indications that the committed power was intended to be used subject to restraints and limitation, then really all reasoning and arguments that do not take these apparent restraints into consideration may be set aside as irrelevant and inadmissible. Whether there are these limitations, and if there are, whether they have or were intended to have the power ascribed to them, is a fair subject for argument, but to argue simply from the fact that the Church of England admits the principle of confession, and to maintain that the admission of the principle is quite enough to justify the Sacramental Confession that is now contended for, is simply to ignore the facts of the case, and to decline to attend to very reasonable evidence. We seem, then, fairly entitled to claim that the first part of the proposed question has been sufficiently answered. Sacramental Confession cannot claim the sanction of the. formularies of the Church of England ; nay, it is even discouraged and inferentially disallowed by them. But we must not wholly pass oyer the second part of the question. This it "will be remembered, is based on the assumed evidence of the good that has been effected by the revival of confession, and in fact amounts to this — whether confession may not become the rule instead of the exception, and whether we may not at least revert to the practice that seems to have prevailed under the first Prayer-book. It is admitted, for it can not be denied, that THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFESSION TO A PRIEST is recognised by our Church ; why should it not, in these days of spiritual revivals and of more deep earnestness, be more universally acted on ? The broad and general answer seems conclusive — that if this extension of a system be permitted in consideration of the good that it is asserted distinctly flows from it,, such changes must be introduced as will give us security against the abuses, the frightful abuses, which centuries of experience have shown us are inextricably in volved in any general system of habitual con fession. The present theory of the Church of England is on the one hand to concede to every priest the right of hearing confessions, and the .power, when all conditions are satisfied, of pro nouncing absolution ; but on the other, practi cally to restrain this right and power by implying, very unmistakably, that it is only to be used exceptionally and in cases of distinct emergency. This Is consistent with that attitude of moderation which every calm and unbiased observer must recognise as the unchanging attitude of the Church of our baptism. If this theory is to be modified in reference to the present subject, then regulations by authority must be introduced, safeguards must be devised, competent and duly instructed confessors must be accredited, and the liberty now conceded to each ministering priest must thus practically he limited and regulated. This is, in fact, con ceded. The ghastly revelations of the last few months, the very petition of the 480. priests, based as that petition was on their own anxious experiences, alike prove the utter and absolute necessity of these restrictions. In each system, in that which exists, and in that which, is being introduced, one aspect of the object aimed at is really the same— avoidance of abuses, and. the dreadful shadows that are., ever .flung- by. the; glare of this trying, light... But how, radically I different are the methods ,. of. attaining the objects— the one, the implied, restraint of wise rand , charitable formularies ; the. other, - the .sort' of "practical limitation that results, from the auth6rizai<iqn' of accredited confessors. -The one itheloyal maintbnarico of , the principle,;of the ( Reformation;; the other, ,;nofe only; a reactionary modificatiqii of -it, , but. I hesitate not to say! so, , a"! clear and . prelusory preparation for a return to ' !,,.! ! THE SYSTEM OF THE CHURCH OF ROME. I amusing here no party expressions. I. am mot1 catching at the mere popular approval that still1 ih every ' meeting of Clergy arid , laity ..like j the present follows the' ' expression ,! of . these opinions ; hut, " as I; shall "line wer to ' .God "for1 those words, I .do .solemnly.: declare my con viction, that neither is, rier'cari be, /corisistently : with ' the .known" laws; of ' poor falleri human1 nature, "any ultimate line of demarcation between the' system of confession that' is now being adopted in the' Church", of " England and that oarcfiilly ' ad j risteii arid ' shrewdly . regulated system which is maintained by the Church ! of Rome. . To make the differentia between tlie 'two systems thri principle of non-compulsion is worse than illusory. It is really— I trust in God it is riot consciously— misleading. To use the moral pressure that now is used, to hold up the riathre of the blessings that come from it, to point to the holy, ideal life to which it leads, is to;' u&h; really a faiv stronger . compulsion than simply to set forth the rule of a Church, which knows well, and is known to know well, the long transriritted'aft of temperiijg the severity' of .rules by (prudently adjusted dispensations. My brethren, in God's h'ame'let. us hear to see things as they are. I know, riay I can: even hear, with at least toleration, all that has of late been passionately urged by those who have liad considerable home-missionary experience in favour of "an extension of the system of habitual and so-called Sacramental Confession. I know that it is urged that there are sins of youth, sins that cast , their baleful shadows all' along the coarse" of a life, that can orily he dealt with by the liabit of early con fession. I do not forget that it is said that there is "nothing like the shame and sorrow .of confessiori to bring about a" real conviction of tirij and to diminish' the likelihood of "its re- currerice; 1 "I" am' aware that it is asserted to give that reality' to the spiritual ; intercourse between the1 modern pastor and his people which we all feel to'. be so blessed arid yet.sb, rarely '.experi enced1.'" Nay,'Iwill riot, refuse, to believe ..that the 1 practice ' of encouragirig, ' arid hearing corir fessioris may exercise a 'sobering influence on the life of the iridiuidual clergymati" arid may give a knowledge-oftbri "however, a very corrosive knowledge— that cannot other \yiae be always cer- I tainly obtained. AllthisI know; butl also know, independently of all that I have already urged that on the bare merits of the question, and apart from all ecclesiastical considerations, the arguments on the other side are utterly over whelming. Let all be said that can be said, and this terrible spiritual fact remains — that the danger of THE CONFESSOR TAKING THE PLACE OF CHRIST is found to be in practice irremovable. The evidence that can be collected on this subject is simply irresistible. Poor human love of power and poor human trusting in something other than Christ, both terribly co-operating, bear their daily witness to this appalling form of spiritual peril. There are a hundred other dangers, but all, really great as they are, sink into utter nothingness compared with this. Who would dare to incur such a danger when the practice of his own Church, and the counsels of the purest spirits that have lived and died in its communion have earnestly pressed home their ever-repeated warnings ? Are we to buildup again the things we destroyed ? .Are we to re turn to bondage from which the Hoy Ghost has set us free ? Are we to tun the dreadful risk of making Christ of none effect by worse than Galatian error ? No, it cannot be ; ill will riot be. Sacramental Confession neither is, nor ever will be, the doctrine of our ApoBtolic and Reformed Church. 