GKENEBAL NEWS. The R. M.S.Siam, the outward-hound mail steamer, passed Cape Jems for Glenelg at 10 minutes to ten o'clock this morning. A special train will leave Victoria-square for Glenelg at 2.30 on Friday morning, for the convenience of persons attending the .'ball at* ; Government.House. ; . . . - ■ . "We- are informed by the Secretary of the S.A.J.C., that Mr. J; L. Stirling's, grey, gelding, Sheet;Anchor, haying, neglected to accept for the, SJA.J.C. Handicap Steeplechase, in'the Spring Meeting programme, has now been alio wed.,to accept with the written consent of each, acceptor in the race. . There were about a, dozen members of' the Hunt Club out on Thursday morning, when, the throw-off took place at the -Britannia' Hotel, and a lot of double fencing was. done across the roads intersecting the Park Lands in the neighborhood of _ Parkside. Two or three outsiders came to grief, but the Club members went through in capital style, and"although .the, jumping. was very stiff, as "the - ground was dry,the horses performed admirably.: Amongst those-who were ^ present were the Master,Mr. Stirling, on Forest King, andMessrs. Barker on Yambro, Aldridge on "Warrior, Lee on ' Sarchedon. Beck' on Garryowen, W. Wigley on Swordsman, Bakewell on Highover. Pegler on Buccaneer, Kbt. Colley on Whitefoot.E. Young on Bistort and a boy on Benicia Boy. ' ■ A itelegi-am has been received from the , Agent-General, stating that at the Paris Exhi- . bition South Australia has taken the first prize [for wheat and the, gold medal for flour. The Jury, characterised the whole of the South Aus toaliaii exhibits asmagnifique." r In the matter of R. j. Green's insolvency a first-class certificate was granted, instead of a;■ ; second class certificate, as stated in our report. : . "We have received two excellent portraits of the Mayor of Adelaide, Mr. Henry-. Soot&.; J.P., from Mr. C. H. Manning, the photographer. - They do credit to Mr. Manning's artistic ability. On Sunday, September I, special sermons were; preachecl on behalf- of the Sunday-school of the .Anglican Church,"".at" Enfield. Mf.'S.r Moore, the lay reader, preached in the morning, and the Bev. J. C. Haynes, the incumbent , in the evening. There was a fair attendance on each occasion. The Annual Show and Ploughing Match in connection with the. Mallala ; Agricultural Society took place on Tuesday, September 3. In the evening a dinner wa3 held at the Mallala Hotel. The Hon. E. C. Baker, M.L.C., was present, and in responding to the toast of the Parliament made some re marks against the. imposition of further taxa tion. The Wallaroo Times mentions that Messrs. i Thompson & Bisley are pushing on with their contract at the Barunga Extension vigorously. In addition to a large portionof the earthworks which are nearly completed, the ballasting is laid down for more than a mile. A'number of the carpenters recently discharged from the Wallaroo Mines have proceeded there seeking employment. > They will be at once employed at .the. bridges and other timber ■ WOrk. , ..." r "The friends of Mr. E. T< Barnard, the ■ Victorian handicapper, will regret' to - learn," says ihe Melbourne Argils of August 31, " that this gentleman met with a serious accident in pjdriey' bn Thursday might. He vr%s ruii over by a hansom cab, and bnovof his Ieg»^aotmr^t above the ankle. He w&s;! picked up ihseriajtble^ an&convey;^\\.tp the Ihfirmaryj-.;where tie^leg^ ftwis^iet, ana.hejia, nowprogressing^favdrahlyi ^Universal Sympathy feasj bten' esqjressfed in i Sydney for the ipj^ired gentleman. The Primitive Methodists at Payneham celebrated their chapel anniversary on Sunday and Monday, September 1 and 2. On Sunday sermons were preached by the Rev. J. S. Way- land and Mr. T. Parker. The chapel was crowded on each occasion. On Monday a large number of people attended the tea meeting. The public meeting was well attended. Mr. Miller took the chair. The meeting was ad dressed by the Revs. Messrs. Daddow and Wright and Mr. Cass. Several pieces of music were well rendered by the choir. Votes of thanks were awarded to the ladies, the choir, Mr. Parker, and the Chairman. At a meeting1'bf'tKe electors. of Noar lungajheld 'at the ifortehob .Hotel on Wednes day. evening, September 4;' it was unanimously. resblved'jthat^theVmfeeting should' support the, candidature of. Mr Thomas Atkinson, J.P.,.aS, representative f6r;the'distrfct'in:the place of the Hon. J. Colton, resigned. There wete three other' candidates—Mr. Jas. Hales and Mr. T..S. Carey (both of .Adelaide), who retired in favor/of Mr. Atkinson, and Mr_ J. Jone£advertisihg agent, of Adelaide, who said he would'oppose that gentle man, and ;go to, the poll against him. A com mittee was formed to prepare an address of sym pathy with the Hon. j! Coition in his illness* ■ Doubts? appearto hafe,• arisen - with respect to the deservedhesk of :,the;pfaise.. given to Sir Julfts ^ogeiih .connection with! floating the last Hew Zealand loan. The Otago Daily Times- says:—"The . Agent-General' strongly contended that the loari; should be floated by the'Messrs. Bothschildi and iti ,was only on the persistent efforts of Mr. Larnach, and in direct opposition" to the/wishes of"S.ir. Julius Vogel, that thb operation. was. performed through the Bank of England. The success in floating the loan was aii entire surprise to the brokers, who had confidently. predicted its failure. Advices from hoine are rather against the propriety of operating on the English money market again this year, but that next year no difficulty is anticipated." . The. latest political movement in New Zealand is, says the Otago Daily Times, for getting: out Sir Julius Vogel, aiid placing him at the head of the' Opposition'.O wing to the in-. fluence of Sir George Grey, it is felt that with out Sir . Julius Vogel opposition is hopeless, and it is intended to raise, from £10,000 to £20,000 as a fund-necessary to rmeet, all his home engagements'-;: and . enable, him. ( to return; to the colony;.-.; Several . sums , of £500 have already ., been;, promised, and ; it is rumored that no smaller , subscription than that amount will be received. It is hoped:that with Vogel as the leader, the party .may be enabled to offer effectual resistance to; Sir - George Grey, and roll back the tide of democracy.". It is also understood that a member of the House will propose a grant of. . 5,000;acres to . Sir ; Jiflius Vogel as a recognition of his services; to the colony. The New Zealander denounces the attempt, and terms Sir Julius Vogel-an anti quated political fossil. With reference to the approaching de parture? of Sir George Bowen from Victoria, the Sydney Evening^News" writes:—" The suc cession to his viceregal seat must be a difficult matter for the Colonial Office to decide, and we hope for our own sakes that it will'not come to the: conclusion that Sir' Hercules Bobinson is the most suitable for the post."At the same time we cannot shut onr eyes to the faot that it would be a great advantage to onr neighbors to have a statesman who had such a large expe rience of complicated constitutional questions as their Governor. , Sir Hercules has: made" some mistakes here, but perhaps not more than are to be expected, for neither the mpnarch nor her viceregent is infallible., But it is certain that Sir Hercules has gained a, clear insight into the working of Australian institutions. He has never allowed his own- political; pre dilections to interfere with the impartial execution of his duty,-and if the call of duty leads him across the Murray our neighbors may rely upon the same straightforward im partiality." . "About twelve months ago," says 1 the Wallaroo Times of Septemberr4, " the Kadina and "Wallaroo Eailway Company had occasion; to raise one of their old. mooring-chains near the old jetty, which to the astonishment of every oh the Spot was found to be covered with excellent oysters, which naturally led to the supposition that they probably!exist in consi derable numbers, and as it waB not desirable that they should 'waste their sweetness' in undisturbed occupation of the bed or beds which contain them, Mr. Taplin, a few weeks ago, ; took a dredge on board his.yacht and forthwith proceeded to prospect the bay, and success re-, warded his. efforts by the discovery,'at about a mile and a-half from the shore,' of two large! oysters. Encouraged by this he continued his ' researches on Thursday iast, and in about an hour and a half was rewarded for his labor by procuring in about 3§ fathoms of water several bucketfuls of oysters, This was a splendid re sult, but still better remained behind, for further researches proved the .existence of at least one bed 400 yards in length." A meeting of the Marine Board was held on Wednesday September 4, when a good deal of business of a miscellaneous character was : disposed of.". In the absence of the President at Port Pirie Capt. J." W. Smith,"J.P.. presided A : Treasury minute was read, stating that the Go-" vernment declined to" grant the. request of ; Messrs. Harrold Bros, that the light dues on the ; steamer Syria, might, bAreturned, she_being the ipioneer of a .line of. Steamers to trade from England t'o the colohies and' Adelaide." The re quest was made ton the ground that a privilege similar to that asked" for was granted to the Orient line of steamers. .- The Government," however,, decided not to extend that privilege. In reference .to,an appUcation recently sent • by Mrs,. John" Lindsay, wife of the late Capt. Lindsay, of the..Governor. Musgrave, for com pensation, a minute was received ? that that gentleman's representatives, were not entitled to compensation.-under clauses .15 and 35. of the Civil Service Act/ as he hadnot been five years continuously in the pro., and tem. employ of I the Government',- -The signalman at-the Murray - ; Mouth reported that .the bar at .that place had : been navigable for 21 days during the month of August. It was recommended that additions (should be made to the residence of the Harbor Master at Port "MacDonnell. > The Committee of the Adelaide Benevo lent and Strangers'. Friend Society held their ■usual monthly meeting on Tuesday,.September', 3; 187.8, at the! Church Office, Mr.' W. Ehodes -' was'in the chair.'- The Treasurer's minute. \vas. read, Bhowing a balance in ftandtof £35 42S.: §d. The sum voted to relieve the . various ; cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that, for emergency orders during the last month, amounted to £14 9s. 6d.t being to re lieve 31 cases. Each member of the Committee was empowered to draw to the extent of 10s. in cases of emergency during the ensuing month. A special meeting of the Society was then held to consider matters connected with the incorporation of the. Society. It was pro- i posed by the Rev. R. S. Casely, and seconded by Mr. R. Berry—''That the amended rules and regulations as recommended by the Sub-Corn piittee be adopted.". . Carried.- It,was proposed by Mr. H. S. Anthony, and seconded by Mr. J. Steele—" That-Messrs. R. Berry, A. W. Dobbie, H.Hussey, W. Rhodes, S. Bakewell, and H. S. Anthony be authorised to use the corporate-seal of the Sooiety, any two to act. .Carried. A design for'a seal ^vas submitted and adopted, and the' Secretary was instructed to getone made. The Secretary reported that the usual'notices , had been given, that the .time had expired, and that-, the solicitors expected to have the incorporation ) complete in.timefor the annual meeting. .. " One of - the most painful accidents which it has been our duty to record," says the South Eastemfltar, "occurred on Saturday, August 31.. A-heap of rubbish was being burnt on the farpa' of-Mr; Edward Jacobs, Glenburnie, onthe morn ing in question, and Mrs. Jacobs and her little daughter, aged four years, were attending to the fire! The house is about 200-yards distant from the spot where the rubbish was burning/ and ' having some domestic duties to attend .to, Mrs. Jacobs left the little girl for a few moments. As she was returning the mother observed her,: daughter holding up her hands, and perceived that her'clothes were on fire. Mrs, Jacob rushed to her assistance and as quickly as pos sible rendered all the aid in her power, but un fortunately the poor child was sadly burned before .the flames could be subdued. All the clothes excepting the hoots were burned from tlie little' one's body, and her eyebrows and eyelashes were completely destroyed, only her hands and feet escaping from the flames. The mother, top, suffered severely from burns re ceived during her efforts to extinguish the fire. The little girl was taken to her home and Dr. Jackson at once kent for. .We regret to sajr that all the skill whichcould be brought to bear! upon the patient was unavailing, for she gradii-; ally sank and died on Saturday night." ! ,; " ■"When it became!known,"?"states the YorMs Peninsula A dvertiser," that empltoyment on .the Wallaroo Mines wohld cease, naturally-' fear was experienced? in' other directions as tto the effect, of low prices in-the English? copper 1 market. . The. difficulty^was met at the Kurilla ip. this way. On iiriday morning, Augnst^, .-■the following notice was posted on the ■mine:—"It is^htfp&cl; that no apology, is ^necessary imtfie.(pr§seht state of. the. copper , i'iparket for/asking :thh'" whole of the-employes k; (Se this Compah/^to-'assist them.rthrough the/ depression by a^rbdh'ctibn of wag^ eahal to 10 per cent., tQ .begin "'with September month:' ■All those who' ate/ under contractsj.;/are | also asked to"rassist in common with the ' other employes, as the prices fixed at the timeii.cf.cpntracting,.-were..Jiighet-.than,, they. would have been had the~late redaction in f copper' "been anticipated.,; jThe-: Superinten dent'heads the'list under 'the reduced rate.' On .Saturday, morning..the .men met,, .and having weighed oyer^ the whole question, re solved to work undei; the; reduced rate. The men under long contract—of whom there"are 39 out of "a total of ^56—accepted the same con ditions.. ahd hp to this date,if we are rightly, informed, only one man has left his employment ; as a result at the proposal. .We.congratulate the men on the sensible course they have pur ■Ued,^. y. -!■' • : \- A meeting .of the Adelaide Underwriters Association was held oh 'August 29, when the report[tbr June.3d'wasad(jpted,and the/following gentlemen yrpve elected a Committee for the ensuihg yearMessrs: G./Btfothby, John Lind say, E. Mi Ashwin,W.J. Fullarton, and L. A. Jessop. ■-Messrs. F. S. 0. Driffield and' A. S. Clark were elected'Auditors,c Theveport men tions the reconstitution of the Association under the Companies Act of%864 ; the employment of a'surveyor at Blanchetown' to check the loading and stowage of wool.1 on hoard the steamers coining down'the-Dailing; the appointment - of a surveyor at Goolwa* to. survey and classify steamers and barges'; and -the preparation of special regulations for the, .proper stowage and dunnaging of wheat-carrying ships. The Com mittee regret their want of'success in effecting [' any-improvement in "the stowage ,of gunpowder in ships from Liverpool, a 'subject which is still engaging their attentfon. Reference is made to a correspondence with the London and Liverpool Salvage Association with a view to the Adelaide Underwriters' Association being appointed their agents in . the. ' colony ; also to the form of average" bond adopted by Lloyds and the Liverpool Underwriters to the York and Antwerp general average rules; to certain matters affecting the. towage of vessels; to the testimonial presented to Captain Alston, of the City of* Adelaide, for his excel-. lent seamanship in bringing back his vessel safely to port ,after she had lost her rudder in November 1877;'to^hestranded ship Hydrabad in- Cook's Straits,; to the . appointment of nautical surveyorslat Ports Pirie;'Augusta, and Victor; and to the continued, satisfaction felt by the Committee at the manner. in Which Cap tain Gibbon , discharges his duties at Port Ade laide. Dnring the past eight'mdnths the sur veyor has sent, in, 286; survey reports, and 376 interim.reporta on vessels loading at Port Ade laide!.' Certificates of. character and carrying capacity have been issued to 33 steamers and barges trading on the Murray and its tributaries. The proposition of the British Govern ment to retain half the postages on Australian letters at the close of-the present year is thus animadverted on by- the Sydney Morning Herald,If these" colonies, "were; obtaining, under the existing arrangements, an advantage at the expense of the mother.hounfry, with no thing on the other side tobalance the account, there might be soihe reason for the demand for , half the postages, although even in that case the i changeoughtnottobeinadeheforetlie expiration of existing, contracts. But that is not.the state of/the case, as. a little, attentioh to facts will render apparent. ; According to official state ment® Great Britain spent for the year ending on the 31st of March, 1877, £4,010,107 on the Post-Office; including £850,889 on account of all the packet services; and for this expenditure she received a net revenue of £6,007,939. That gives her a clear profit of two millions sterling available for the reduction of taxa tion, if she cared bo to apply it. Her telegraph service also yielded a profit, though of much smaller dimensions; the income being £1,298,558 and the expenditure £l,141;000. But her Aus tralasian colonies are in a very different posi tion. A population of. two and a half millions has covered a continent of tliea million square ' miles and its adjacent islands with the means of: postal and telegraphic communication. For the present year we estimate their combined ; expenditure for the purpose at not less than £1,500,000, including both the inland and; foreign mails. For this expenditure they cannot receive, if'the existing arrangements are continued, an aggregate revenue of more than a million sterling, and that will leave them a loss of half a million to make good from some other source, instead of a surplus proportioned to the two millions of the United Kingdom. Is it worthy of the mother country to higgle about half the postages on her correspondence with us; with such a disparity between the two postal systems ?" , . The address of congratulation to the Eight Hon., W. E. Gladstone, adopted at a meeting in the Town Hall Exchange Room, is to be sent to England by the outgoing mail. It has been beautifully written by Mr. "\V. G. P. Jeyner, and mounted on satin. The address has at the top a representation of the Australian arms, on one side of which a field of wheat, with a reaping-machine at work, and a flock of sheep, are pictured, and on the other side there is a representation of Port Adelaide, showing ships in the harbor and a railway train. Adelaide is seen in the distance with the Post-Office and Town Hall towers rising above, .all the other . buildings, and . the Mount'Lofty range for a background., Qn one side of the address a kangaroo hunt is shown, and on the other two emus, with graceful surroundings in each case. At the bottom there is a view of the upper workings of a mine, and.- the address in enclosed in a wreath of grasstrees and wheat stalks in gilt. The address,"which i8 most prettily.got up, reads:— ".To the Right Hon. W- E. Gladstone.—Right Hon. and Dear.f-Sir—An .address having recently been sent from this colony to Earl Beaconsfield, congratulating and complimenting him upon the successful result of the Congress at Berlin and upon the re-establishment of peace in . Europe, we the undersigned, inhabitants of -' South Australia, desire to assure you that that address should he accepted only as the expres sion of the opinion of-a portion of this commu nity, and we wish to express our belief that'it is due to/the action of yourself and your friends that Great Britain;has-been kept out of the war ; and further, that had your counsels pre vailed J at the outset of the -difficulty all the horrors of the Russo-Turkish war would have been avoided, and the large accession1 of terri tory to Russia would have been prevented. "We earnestly hope ■ that - your life may be* long spared, and that you may be cheered by;the recollection of the beneficent services that you have rendered our country.—We are, dear Sir, your faithful fellow-countrymen." Here follow » the names of the Committee-and 3,500 others. , . A meeting on the subject, of the Uegis-. letive Council. Elections is to be held at the Institute Hall, Hindmarsh, this evening." "We have been requested to mention that all the professionals who are to fake part in the entertainment-in connection with the Children's Hospital on Monday evening next'are giving their services gratuitously, and that the tickets" for the concert are being rapidly , dis posed of. — There was an improvement in the attend ance at" Rainford!s. Ghost Company's perform ance at White's Rooms on Wednesday evening, September 4tand the entertainment met with a good reception. - . v ' :At the "Pioneers'" picnic on Torrens ' Island,, on Monday, September 2, the silver cup presented to the Committee by Mr. W. Quin, M.P., -was won by Mr. J. Brideaux in a 109 yards flat race. r The Oriental Exhibition, at. the Town" Hall Exchange. Room, .still, continues to attract a large number of visitors, and the fact is not surprising considering the immense number of interesting and beautiful articles shown. The Exhibition closes on Saturday evenihg;.and con sequently intending * visitors have not much time: to lose, - Half an hour spent in inspecting the numerous curios and attractive photographs will not be/wasted. t, "Nemesis":and " The.. Spittalfields. Weaver?' were repeated at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening.., The stalls,, pit, and' gallery.; were well filled,-but there was only a sprinkling in the fashionable part of the house. The performance -went'off very well;, and -the audience seemed intensely amused at the many. extravagant'' absurdities connected with.the pieces. The singing of MisB Howarde, Miss Minna Fisher, and Miss Maggie Knight evi dently gave much pleasure, encores being narrowly eseaped. . The terpsichorean efforts of the latter lady wore loudly applauded, and a fedemand was made. To- night the same pieces willbe repeated. 