A LETTER FROM PERE CHINIQUY. To My Lord Fcibre, Roman Catholic Bishop of Montreal. My Lord,— On my arrival from the Maritime provinces, I learned that your priest and your press organs have asserted that I tried, during my last sickness, to make my peace with your flhnrnh T .tinf. wonf, fcn foil vnn f haf thin is an unmitigated falsehood — you know it better than anv man. No. mv lord, bv.tbe mercy of God I will never Bubmit myself again to the ignominious yoke of the Pope ; and allow me to give you, your priests, and your press some of my reasons. 1\. Your dogma of the Apostolical Succession from Peter to Pius IX. is an imposture ; you cannot find a single word in the holy Gospel to show us that Peter has passed a single hour .in Rome. You know very well that the superiority or prominence you give to Peter bver the other apostles is another imposture. Every time our Saviour was asked by His twelve apostles who would be the first, the leader, the pope, He answered that there would not be such firsts, leaders, or popes in His Church. More than that, He positively answered the mother of Zebedee's children that He had not received from His father the power to establish one of His apostles over the others. "To sit on My right hand or My left is not mine to give" (Matt. xx. 23). We have an irrefutable and' infallible ppoof that our Saviour never put Peter at the head of the apostles, as the first, or the leader, or the Pope, as you call your supreme pontiff, in the dispute which occurred among the apostles a moment before His death : " And there was also a strife among them which of them should be accounted the greatest " (Luke xxii. 24). Such a dispute eould never have occurred if Jesus Christ had established PeWte greatest 0r the first of them ; they certaimwWitd have known it, and Jesus Christ would have answered, ' ' Have you so soon forgotten that Peter is the greatest among yon ; that he is the first from the day in which I appointed him as the fundamental stone of My uhnrch ?" But, far from answering thus, the Son of God rebukeB His apostles, and tells them positively, "The kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over them. . . but it shall not be so among you " (Luke xxii. 25, 26). Not only has the moderately forged primacy of Peter never been acknowledged by any of the apostles, but it has been squarely and positively denied by St. Paul, "For He that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship of the circumcision, the same was mightly in me towards the Gentiles " (Gal. ii. 8). And when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be the pillars, perceived the grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas- the right hand of fellowship, that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision." Here Peter is named only after James, a thing which conld never have been done by St. Paul if he had known anything of the marvellous superiority and primacy of Peter over the reBt of the apostles. But please read the following words of Paul : "But when Peter was come to Antioch, I with stood him to the face because he was to be blamed " (Gal. ii. 11). It is not evident that Paul had not the least idea of any kind of superiority of Peter over him, when he so publicly withstood him to the face, and still more when he wrote these lines ? Is it not clear that the Holy Ghost has inspired Paul_ to give us the history of his so stern withstanding to the faae of Peter, that he might not be seduced by the grand imposture of the supremacy of Peter, which is the corner-stone of our apostate Church ? I will never be a Roman Catholic";Jfor the Roman Catholic Church is idolatrous. You worship God, yes. But the God whom you worship is made with a wafer. Yes, it is a wafer-god who is on your altar. Every day of your priestly life you are guilty of the crime which Aaron committed when he caused the Israelites to worship a gold calf. The only difference between you and Aaron is that his god was made with gold, and yours is made with a little dough, baked by your nuns or your servant girls, between the two well- polished heated irons, You have a Christ on your altars ! Yes, and you are very devoted and truly pious towards that, or rather those Christs. You praise their powers and their mercies. You sing beautiful songs in their honour, but the Christs. whom you worship are spoken of by our Saviour in Matt. xxiv. : "There will be false Christs, and they shall' show great sign3 and wonders, insomuch that if it were possible they shall deceive the very elect ; wherefore, if they shall say unto you ; Behold he (Christ) is in the secret chambers, believe it not !" Now, my lord, how do you not see that that terrible prophesy is accomplished by you every time you prostrate yourself before these Christs, made with little cakes, and put in secret chambers (the taber- , nacles of your Church.) Do you not believe in those Christs of the secret chambers, when the Son of God tells you, " Believe it not " ? Do you not go to adore your wafer-god when the true Christ says " Go not there?" In vain you tell us that Christ gave you the power to make your god with . the engraven wafer. We answer you that Christ Himself had not the power to make God and make Himself with an engraven wafer, for his Father had forbidden such an act, when on Mount Sinai, in the midst of thunders and lightnings, He said, " Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth. Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them ; for I the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me." Now, my lord, you know well that Christ came to ac complish, and not break His Father's com mandments. He could not give you the permis sion or the power to break them by ordering you, as you pretend He did, to make an engraven wafer change into your god, and bow yourself down before it, for this is idolatry !— rank, shameful idolatry ! — and I am ready to meet you, or any of your priests in any public or piivate discussion, to show you, with the help of God, that when Christ told you to eat His body and drink His blood, He was speaking with the same figure as when He said He would eat the "Passover." Though Christ said, "I will eat the Passover," He was not able to eat the Passover, for the simple reason that the ex terminating angel over Egypt could not be eaten, but the lamb, which was in remembrance of the " Passover " could be eaten, and that lamb was called the "Passover." By the same figure of speech the body and blood of Christ could not be eaten, but the bread which repre sented that body could be eaten, and the bread then had to be called the " body " by the same reason and the same rule of language that the lamb was called the Passover, though it was not the Passover. Just in the same way and by the same rule of language when we look at the marble statue of Monseigneur Bourget, we say, "This is Monseigneur Bourget," though it is not Monseigneur Bourget at all. 3\. I will never be a Roman Catholic, because every Roman Catholic bishop and priest is forced to perjure himself every time he explains a text of the Holy Scripture. Yes, my lord, though it is a very big and hard word, it is the truth. From the day you have sworn, when you were ordained a priest, to interpret the the Holy Scripture only according to the unanimous consent of the holy fathers, you have seldom preached on a text of the Holy Scriptures without being guilty, though un aware, of perjury ; for after having studied the holy fathers with some attention, I am ready to prove to you that the holy fathers have been unanimous almost in only one thing, which was to differ on almost every text of the Scriptures on which they have written. For instance, you cannot say that the books of the Maccabees are inspired without perjuring yourself, with all your priests ; for the greatest part of the holy fathers tell you that those books are not in spired. You cannot say, without perjuring yourself, that when Christ said to Peter, "Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church," it signifies, that Peter was meant by that rock, and that he is the corner-stone of the Church, for you know very well (and if. you do not know it, I can show it to your lordship,) that St. Augustine and many, other holy fathers positively say that Christ means "Himself" when He said, "Upon this rock I will;. build My Church." 4\. I cannot be any more a Roman Catholic, for I know that auricular confession is of dia bolical institution. 5\. I will never be a Roman Catholic, for I have seen with my eyes the inside of the walls of your Church, and they are filled with all the abominations of the world. Your celibacy is of diabolical institution ; your purgatory, with the poor bouIb which burn in it, and are saved by paying you so many dollars, is of diabolical in stitution. Your waters of La Salette and Notre Dame de Lourdes, which are sold in your palace are of diabolical institution. Your forbidding to eat meat on certain days is of diabolical insti tution. Your forbidding the reading of the Holy Scriptures is of diabolical institution. Your infallible Pope and your immaculate Mother of God are of diabolical institution. 6\. With the help of God I will never think of making my peace with the Church of Rome, for her priests, bishops, and popes have shed the blood of millions of martyrs, from John Huss to our dear brother Hacket. On your Pope's hands I see the blood of the 75,000 Protestants slaughtered the night of St. Bartholomew, and the blood of half a million of Christians slaughtered in the mountains of Piedmont. 7\. I will never be a Roman Catholic, for your Church is the implacable enemy of all the laws of God, and of all the liberties, rights, and privileges of men. Your Church has degraded and brought to the dust and the mud all the nations she has ruled. I might give you many other reasons why I will never be a Roman Catholic, but I hope these are sufficient to show to my dear, country men, whom you so cruelly keep in the most ig nominious ignorance and slavery, that having once accepted Christ for my Saviour, and His Holy Word for my only guide, I cannot bow down any more before your idols and your wafer-sods. < C. Chxniquv. Montreal, ' September 3, 1877. Professor Bell, in leoturing on the telephone before the Physical Society, London, amongst other things said, that 258 miles was , the longest distance ait which he had carried on a conversation, although he had conversed through several thousand miles of wire. He had-: heard the breathing of a man 149 miles off ! 