% CerrtMe 3Dhm. A New Zealand Stoey. BY ROBERT P. WHITWORTH. ? * We live this life, travelling over a broader or narrower ledge, between two vast abysses — the past and the future. O £ the past abyss we know something, what we are taught, not of our own knowledge or experience; of the future abyss, nothing. Is the present life the be all and the end all? Is it, as religion ^ ? !_„.,. __— rt *-n --ii«rt nvann r*ir\»* Ct. fir, tr.ft of probation to another and a never ending life? Or is it, as the aaeieats taught, one 6tep in the nsver ending staircase of time, one rung in the ladder reaching to eternity ? Who knows? Lst schoolmen argue as they may, they are still no nearer the oreat truth. And yet, for thi- be;trfr comprehension of the somewhat mar vellous story I am about to tell, it is necessary to raise the question. Was it a dream ? Neither at the time when the incidents I shall relate took place, nor now, do I know. I never could remember dreaming such a dream. Or was it one of those dim perceptions of a past state of being which 'sometimes, rarely though, occur to us, when we see a place for the first tim^, and yet which seems strangely ianruiar wnen we perform an act which recalls a mysterious and imperfect memory of having done the same thing before? Spiritism, and other similar supernatural mountebankery, I ignore; witchcraft, and its attendant diablerie, I despise. I would account for the phenomena by natural laws alone. And yet I cannot. Nor is this a ghost story, or a record of the wild imaginings of a fevered or diseased mini. It is the truth, strange and weird as may seem some of its sur roundings, the simple truth. It was in the early part of December, 1864, that I, Philip Massey, started from our camp on the Shotover river for the Molyneux township, or, as it is now called, Cromwell, in order to sell some gold, and to bring back some stores, of which we should soon be in need. I was one of a .party of four, who had worked together at many of the diggings in New South Wales and Victoria, and who had been, about a year in New Zealand, located on Carmichael's Creek, near the head or tne enocover, nuu uuuu uu= lofty Mount Hyde, a spur of the Harris mountains. -We were much further up the river than most of the diggers, and were located in one of the wildest spots in that wild and almost inaccessible region. Our workings were on the side of a not very large terrace, on the creek, shut in nearly all round by precipitous cliffs and mountains, covered with huge timber. Wild a6 was the landscape, there was a savage yet gorgeous beauty in it, in the summer, when the rata flower blazed in its crimson glory on the bill-sides ; and in the winter, when the snow-fields glistened in the sunshine, or the black birch forest wept in the rain storms of that gloomy and inhospitable region. ' :, It was a wild free life, an era in a man s -existence, which, once experienced, can never be forgotten— a life, the memory .i ? v.;«i- nnmnc \\\ao\r wif.h a stranfire yearning years after ; and when a man may have settled down into a staid, mechanical rate-paying merchant, law yer doctor, or what not— a life withal, of uncertainty, of hardship; of constant npiril—Tieril of waters, when the raging floods came boiling and screaming down the gorges, bearing huge .trees, boulders, ay, and too often, human beings, onward in their resistless force. Who has for gotten the time when tbe whole of the lower part ^f the Molyneux valley was submerged, when fifteen men were drowned, amongst them the three brothers Lynch. Perils of land, as when the entire side of- a hill tumbled bodily into the Shotover, bury ing I know not, nor was it ever known, how many unfortunate diggers -in one gigantic tomb. Perils of starvation of being shut up by the snow ^ as in a huge prison. Perils from the knife and pistol shot of the skulking thief and assassin, or the ruthless Dusnrangerv a wuu, free, daring, Bohemian life— to-day poor, to-inorrow rich, and yet, with all its hardships, its cold, its wet, its toil, so often fruitless toil, who, having once lived it, would not gladly live it again P As, I said, I started from my camp for Cromwell to sell our gold and get supplies. We were on a good spot, and had got over a hundred ounces, and were of course in high spirits at our luck. Passing our camp, at a distance of a quarter of a mile, was the regular packers' track down the Shotover by the Arrow and Lake Hayes, andrso down the Kawarau gorge, but this, the regular road, I had determined not to take, partly because the weather was fine and promised to hold up, and the snow had not yet begun to melt and so flood the creeks, aad partly because there were some suspicious characters lower down the river whom it would be as well to avoid, and who, had they seen me going, would, perhaps, have guessed my errand. There was a blazed track leading- over a saddle -in. the ..Harris ran°-e, round the bend of the Arrow, across the Motatapu and the Cordrona, over the shoulders of Mount Pisa and so into the Molyneux valley and on to Crom well a track which two of my mates had been over, although I had not, and which they pronounced quite safe and easy to find and keep. The distance was some fifty miles, and although the way was rough I might easily do it in two We had sat up rather late the night previous to my starting, arranging what stores I was to purchase, what money to deposit in the bank, and so on, and when I and ray tent-mate, George Moseley, rose to turn in it was nearly ten o'clock. It was half-moon, and a cold, clear, calm, cloudless night. Not a sound was to be heard except the hoarse but not unmelodious hum of the creek over its shingle bed. 'We were both struck with the beauty of the scene, and George, who was somewhat poetical, was just remark ing on the almost unearthly loveliness of the glistening glacier-clad double peak ot 3Iouut Aurum, which soars aVott lntie west, when I suddenly interrupted him with ' Hush \ what was that ? We stopped and listened. Not a sound save the murmuringstreamand the queru lous piping of the distaut kiwi.* And yet 1 could nave sworn 1 heard the crackling of twigs, as if a footstep had trodden on them at the rear of the tent. [ darted quickly round, but no, nothing. t ? t- r. in.™ cfsni intn t.Vie bush, but still nothing, either to see or hear, and 1 returned, fancying I must have been mistaken. George, laughingly, said he supposed it was a kakapo+, or a ka ka, feeding on the tutuj berries, and we turned into our bunks, thinking no more of the matter. Next morning I was up at daybreak, had breakfast, humped my swag, and was away before the bell birds had ceased their morning hymn. The gold I had safely secured in my belt, my compass was in mv pocket, and my faithful Der ringer hung at my hip. It was a glorious morning. Nothing I have ever seen can compare, for gorgeous colouring, for bright yet solemn heauty, with a summer sunrise in the mountain district of New Zealand. Far above the dim blue gray haze that envelopes the earth, shoot into the upper air the pure white scalps of the glacier t'.pped p-^aks, which stand in confused profusion, on every hand. Then slowly the dull sky is striped with Hikes of purple turning to rel and amber, aud then to floods as of molten gold. The white ice peaks aud snow Sells are tinted with a delicate pink— the pink of the nautilus, which creeps apace down the slope, glinting brightly on the sharp prominences, aud turning the dark shadows into rich purple. Then up springs the sun from his vast bath mtae far aw east, and peak overlapping peak, glittering like scattered masses ot diamond, spring into huge tongues of . prismatic fire. M Such a scene as this I saw on that ^m parly December morninz, as I skirted j^B ilount Hyde, with the giant Mofcatapu ^M on mv left shuulder, forcing my way ^M through the tangle of supple-jack, fern, ^H and flax, of the low-lyigr^ I ill ' \J0^ then up, up through the thick red blos somed ratu, the dark birch and maple, and the bright-leaved veronica, aua ecui up, over the beds of moss, box scrub and stiow grass, to the bare summit of the saddle, 6000 feet high. Then, what a view ! Far away in the north-west the ^ .iazzliug glaciers of Mounts Earnslau, V 9000ft., aud Aspiring, 10,000ft. in alti- ^ tude, and around on every hand a vast seaof mountains, of every possible variety of shape and ruggedness, the clouds and mist floated far beneath me. The prospect was most bewildering, and even to my practised eye the possibility of recognising any particular mountain, ^g except those with which I was familiar, seemed almost hopeless. Up to within a few hundred feet of the summit there had been a clearly defined aud well blazed track, for it was « one frequently used by travellers between the Shotover and the Upper Arrow and _^ Cardrowa diggings, but at the. point where I stood there was nothing but _ bare rock, and therefore nought to gaide ^ me to the next timber. Still I knew that M my course was nearly due east, and I could M __'! j.1.., ivr«---.+aTvTi ritrsr rnshine* north- ' ward at the foot of the mountain a couple o f thousand feet below me. With out a moment's hesitation, therefore, I descended, after consulting my compass, making in the direction of a distant lofty mountain, : which, from its rounded top, I took to be Mount Pisa. I soon reached the timber, but was quite unable to find any sign of the track, although I must have lost many miles by travelling in a zi'--zag direction in order to recover the blazed line. Clearly I was off my course, but that caused me no un easiness, a3 the country, although rugged, r was open, and I was travelling eastward. By 'noon I had left the last timber behind me, had crossed the Motatapu and several other smaller streams, and hoped to cross the Cardrowa ere night fall. But as I advanced further into the solitudes the country grew more and more rugged, and more than once x nao. to retrace my steps. At hist, after climbing the shoulder of a lofty hill, which I afterwards learnt was called f Middle Peak, I was brought to a dead standstill by arriving at the edge of a precipice, overlooking a deep, rocky ravinei surrounded, so far as I could see, by inaccessible cliffs. \- Howeverunpleasant.therewas nothing for it but to turn back and try another route. Sometimes sliding, sometimes scrambling, I arrived at the foot of the range, and skirting it, found myself at the entrance of a wide gorge or defile, between two lofty walls of precipitous rock. As I entered the gloomy portals a singular feeling of apprehension stole over me, a vague 8hbi»uuu «* v«.v-»«. — something, I knew not what. Besides, the place seemed strangely familiar. I had certainly never been there before, and yet I found myself ^uncon eciously recognising the various features ' c ii.. mmn fho p.iflfivas-e in the root. the position of a huge boulder, the direc tion of adry watercourse, and other circumstances, even to matters of detail. The further I advanced the more familiar did the place become, and I found myself intuitively folio wingwhat seemed to be a practicable route .amongst the huge and piled up masses of fallen r° Where, or how, or when, could I have Been this place before? or even ? Ziuri.— Ihe'Apteryx, a wingless bird of New' Zl+J&ikapo;, Ka-Ka.—'Sew Zealand parrots. ± T^-A. poisonous plant, fatal to cattta. The MaodS egress aa mfewcatais- li«l«-r fcom tba feeniea. any place like it? I carried my | memory back to the places I- had been j in. To the chasms and gullies of New South W^es and Gippsland, the ravines of Shoal ttRVen and -the Blue -Mountains, an&'%h«-Murray^Gates: ITuBther ?back tothe canons 'and quebradas of Mexico* Stall -fizrtber,1J £& the ? mountain', passes -in Denshires 'Snii'iWialiesy -VvJSoJ i nothing like this; &nybfthetn-;^ udj ii-vi./ , '. ..??-. Oouidil have- dreamt i it?; It ^seemed impossible. Was I dreaming now ?? No, I waBwide-a-t^ei^nd every sen'sVon the alejt.;'!JWBsHt'^[amoor?i Pshaw;: non sense; besides, the holders' and- mi&ssesi; of*ra3i«g rciekspere teal, as I could feeL I paused irresolute.for- a- moment, ' :but, alt&oiigfL; inysheati- 'WB-ainockitigJit-my ribs and my whole frame shiveidngjwith . a cauaelpss terror, something, -eeeoied to impfcJane-'Ottwardvss :if I. w«re. seeking sojiietbing.i 'but .knew not' what... Yet th-'ie appeaifed.to1 be something lacking. The 'place: was the same as I ^seeuiedr to have «een ijiefore and yet-differient. ..'I soon knew'trow:;; Even as Jtv thought, a gentle sough of wind# sighed down the ravine, the sky darkened,, a light rain began toi alli'andy asis frequently tlie case inL these' mountain ? districts, athunder storni came tin; peal on peal feverb.eratin g - amidst j &Ib; Solitudes with- a hideous clang. That -was it. If I knew the place before, .how much better did I know itftbw, for every flash of lightning, evfery burst' of thunder, seemed to be merely tibe reflex of -what had been scared into my brain at some remote period, ages ago,' perhaps.L And with «31, and through all',' came a vague consciousness, an idea which'' I could not form' into shape; 'of ?'crime,- a- dim foreshadowing of terrible* evit Still, arid although _I -would fain have retraced my path, an invisible power 'forced me forward in my. search for the mysterious something of which' I knew nothing; ' but which I had a pre sentiment -I should find. At last it came. The gorge or chasm down which I was proceeding grew narrower and. still more narrow, more gloomy and savage, until it opened out into i-'a nearly -circular pit, perhaps a hundred yards across. Yes, there was what I sought, and iny heart gave a bound of terror as I recognised it. To myleft, and not twenty yards from me, yawned the mouth of a wide cavern in the rocky-wall. - Gladly would I. have fled from the spot, but my trembling limbs still bore^me onward. I was fasci nated, and passed within. Yes, exactly the same. In the dim half light I could distinguish the charred, embers in the makeshift fireplace, the huge block of stone that served for a table, the smaller boulders that had been placed as seats. The floor was covered with, a kind of fine shingle of disintegrated granite and quartz, but here and there were patches and splashes of black, which I felt were the stains left by human blood. Had this then been one of the sacred caverns of an extinct tribe of Maories, and these stones their sacrificial altars ? No, no, a thousand times no. I knew, I had the conviction burning in my very soul, that those stains were the signs of a still more terrible crime. But what crime ? I seemed to have a consciousness, a dim, faded out, and yet ghastly recollection of one — whether _as a spectator, or as one concerned, I could not tell. Whether, as I have said, it was merely the indistinct remembrance of a diearn, I did not know, but that there was more beyond I felt assured. I looked round the cavern fearfully, as if I expected iny ' eyes to be. blasted with a new gorgon.' The thunder rolled ^ sullenly without, the wind screamed ftdo'wlA%elgorg9^fi*f^B^tes-*5d die., rain fell with a constant and^djs^ai plash, but all within-W*8 ^.^Ml as the grave. The cavern il&CFflwecrbff; at its extremity into a kind of natural gallery, which again shot off into two openings, or inner caves, and into the left hand one of these I felt that I must go. I went, slowly, cautiously, unwillingly, step after unwilling step, over that rocky floor, until I entered. Then my dream, ortforeboding, or foreknowledge — call it what you will — was out. There, prone on the ground, lay the skeletons of two men. The bones and some vestiges of clothing were there ; the rats had done the rest. With a wild scream of horror I turned and fled, the outer cave seemed to spin round me in a mad whirl, and I must have fainted. .... i When I recovered consciousness, the ? storm was over, but it was growing dark. I eat up on the floor and tried to collect ? my thoughts. Suddenly I remembered : where I was — what- I had seen — and I ; sprung to my feet in order to rush from : the accursedfepot. X had .almost reached the entrance, when I was suddenly startled and stopped 'by hearing the voices as of men in loud dispute coming down the gorge. My first impulse was to hail them, but .it as suddenly flashed across my mind v tt&t; ' I was alone, and that I had a fealuable lot' of gold in my belt, and what could honest men be \- doing in an out-of-the-way place like this? True, they .inight, ' like myself, have lost their way; ;'still it was better to be safe. I waij arnxed, ^iid if — great heavens ! I--allL.ai. once ; remembered I had, a week before, taken my revolver to pieces for the purpose -of ^cleaning it, had found the: centre, pin somewhat worn, and had put it on one side, intend ing to have sent it- down toDunedin to be repaired, and had put the imperfect, and consequentiy useless - instrument back into the case and forgotten all about it. I was unarmed. What was to be done ? .:,._:: . .. ??? Shuddering as I passed the left hand cavity, I darted- intb the xigKt hand one. I found myself j in ;what seemed to be a narrow passage oif gallery, sloping up ward, so far -as I'could distinguish, in the semi-darkness, into the rocky heart of the mountain. Stumbling over the un even floor, I proceeded 'about a dozen yards forward^ ?w^en.f.ur^ner ingress was blocked up by.7a.huge mass of granite, which seemed to havebeen;rent from the roof by sotae. ^convulsion.' of nature. Crouching behind a\ large fragment of stone, I stopped andlisteued^ Presently, I heard thqjgainp^f Joqtstjepa. entering tbfl,flnterTcarvand 'the Voices of men l-m£jnEife&./; The: abm^like^bpf cajwed.^e voices bo nave a sihgular.diSr ? sOTLan^soipQi.'jind'tyetV in .Common Wfttf1 og^ern^^jgiey ^appeared- to'1, dB,° '4iii«oih«i' vpices^tnwi?plyes, ^rtit '£he- conversation; ' ' Bpereo^ JS0wn.w£(rd.. froin ijehirid iny . fu&igpljace.; %*$$&. four stou«&entTlook-; ingi'ufj^ns^ ^^o£tn%m sfea^WtKte' boulders I 'h'ave/1nienti-)ried, /'iaii& 'th.fr fom^hiltehting a fire .wJLfch.' a 'WpVirii' lower koyrn tne.SKot6verftl^Ve1I^re';l. the otherl two W^re stiangersi'. '„ . } - . V ' They ''we're at' ^jfiji words;', and the' oaths and ' Klaspheiny with' which' . tfi&r;', ?Vixniit Tri^ThMJj'Va.-'iirrpMy plant jgicrinn&'iii; tiieKoIIiesof this treeless region It iensed as fuel tydiggaaflDa«tlHnintiuseaistrieta. ' language was interlarded were terrible | to hear. At first I could not catch their conversation, but, as they calmed down somewhat, I eoon found that I was the subject of it. The one who -spoke most had a slight impediment in his speech, and- him I recognised as a suspicious character, known as Stuttering Sarry, a recent importation' from Vifetoria,. who,: if report spoke truth, was not entirely unacquainted with the interior arrange ments -of 3?entridge. ? . - ' I tell you I heer'd 'im plain enough ' arrange ;to Start thSs-'mornm^ an' to go by the. Mount Harris 'track. Very well; that'-s the Mount Harris track, ain't it ? and there 'ain't'no oflier.*'- ' { , ? ' ? **- Maybe ; he :might have' passed us,' suggested another of the ruffians. 'Patsy Carroll, you always was a fool,' -was the savage retort. 'How could he -pass- us ? Didn't we wait for him at the South Branch ford since mornin', and -he couldn't git acrost any ? where else, could he ?'?' ?*' Maybe he ^wint th' other way, or maybe he didn't start at all,' persisted the one addressed as Patsy Carroll. *' Maybe this, maybe that,' was the reply. ' I tell you I was list'nin' out side :the tent for balf-an.-b.our, and heard it all. A hundred ounces he was to take, to come this way and no other, and to start at eunrise.' This then accounted for the footfall I had heard behind the tent the previous night. From their -further conversation, I found that they had started from their camp at midnight, andhad waylaidmeata narrow passnear the f ordof theMotatapu; their object being not only robbery, but murder. They had waited for me all day, and had come for shelter to the cave at night, believing that I had got bushed and had camped, and knowing that Imust pass that way next day. I learnt, too, that this place, which was a quarter of a mile or so off the track, was a haunt of theirs, and that the remains I had seen in the other chamber were those of two of their victims, their rule being to spare no one whom they robbed, but to take both gold and life. What an escape I had had, or, rather, had I escaped at all? No doubt they would leave early in the morning, so as to be ready for me, as they thought, at the ford, but how was I to pass the night I did not dare move, and my constrained' position began to weary me. Had I not better make a dash for it. Nonsense ; they were all armed to the teeth, and I was defenceless. As I thought, my eyes had become a little more accustomed to the darkness, and I saw on my left hand what seemed to be a narrow opening in the rocky wall. As I strained my eyes to pear into the gloom, I slightly altered my position, and, in doing so, moved a stone, which rolled noisily down the passage into the main cave. In an instant every man was on Ms feet. They stood for a second, and then with a wild yell, rushed for the gallery where I was. Unhesi tatingly, and without a thought of con sequences, I darted into the opening on my left, and plunged madly forward into the thick darkness, regardless of falls over the rough footway, or bruises against the jagged walls. One, two, three pistol shots were sent after me, and I heard the flullets flatten against the rock, but I was not hit. Deeper, and still deeper into the unutter able blackness I fled, along a tortuous path, sometimes to my right, then to my left, feeling my way with bleeding hands and arms. .At last, completely fagged with my ?^xertioriSrX- stappadjijo rest,aadrto listen^, Not a sound. I had rushed madly da, I knew not how far, into the bowels of the mountain. It was enough that Iwas for the present, beyond pursuit. But would the sleuth hounds abandon the chase ? Would they not follow me, were they not then warily but surely track ing me to the death ? Or, still more probable, would they not wait for me at ? the entrance, whither starvation must sooner or later drive me. I had provisions which, taken spar ingly, would last me four or five days, but what then? Besides, I had no water, and I knew by bitter experience the pangs of thirst. Again I listened, laying my ear to the ground to catch the slightest distant footfall. The darkness and the silence were pruiuuuu — a uurmiess xuat cOUlu 06 Eelt, a silence that seemed to- render audible the voiceless stream of time. Strange to relate, but I suppose my worn-out physical endurance could stand no more, in the midst of -my dismal re flections I fell asleep, at first into a broken and troubled doze, but afterwards into a sbundj refreshing slumber. I have no idea how long 'I slept!' It might have beeii minutes or hours. I had no means of judging.' There was no day; no night! ' The same dense, impenetrable black4ess ; the /same' insupportable sileiice. . It was as if I had been hurled into 'oblivion.; been .precipated into' an' eternity where there, was no life save-' in. myself ; no time save that which fleeted past 'me!* ' ? ' . .As 1- awoKel. started up, the whole incident' flashing across my brain- — the, start, the lost track, the double memory of the' cave, ' the bushrangers, and the flight. What was to be done? Should I go on still. further along this fearsome path,' or should 'I' return, and brave my fate ? But stop ] Which was forward, which was backward ? My heart gave a sudden bound as. I remembered that I had turned round more than once in the dark, and had 'nothing to guide me as to which way I had come or was going. For the ^ first time X. struck a matcji, and looked' about me. ' Iiwas in a narrow, but rather :. lofty, ? and \ 'apparently very tortuous (f or , I could only see a few feet beyond . ine on' either sipfe) gallery or fissure^in ajdarfc, piirplish, granite rock. I consulted yiny compass, and saw that from'tlie spot where I stood the ipave ran nprjUi-jw,esfc and south-east,, but that i told ^WLii:'-, -,??...' ... 1'. ax a venture i took tne tormer .course. But^.erej J 'hadjgone many yards ^per ceived a neW and- undreamt 'pjE [...peril. The gallery branched off nearly at right angles into. two, arms ; and, as I 'still proceeded, I found that the whole inte rior of, the inoun£ain. was a network of, subterranean chambers and corridors, leading .fro ju^and r to one another, like the messhes in, .but without the regularity of.'.sfjspider's ^roli. ', ^Tnijs^then, ^ccQnnted f prr the .rpbbers .npth^vhig, followed pie. TJiey.JkjM^tliat to.rhave yentur^d:4nt»j the,nitricacies of thi^ network of ciy.erns was to be lost, and ,1-^-why, then, ^nd Xttt I-was lost. As the truth flashed Across' my brain, I almost et^ggeredwith terror. I ^?ask-BtJ juried alive in. the heart of this laByrinfcfil' I fiurriei on in the c}axkr repkjgs^lyj and, at random, sometimes' ^WjS M^tphtOjWif X^o^*3^*^ a$t¥tt,jF^iW¥w;* hfld'?pmef,; Nq^hft same grim and gloomy 'roSk'pn either hand,: the same . linop^i^g darkness' ,'be- f ore and beluhd me. f ' ',., r~ ^ ,. . ! . Oh, jbui this is too terrible^ J and; '1,'f^j.ft my heart Knocks at niy ribs, -and i3be cold. perspiration start from every pore as I contemplated the future. To linger in this dismal prison-house, to wander through these endless cells, for per chance two or three days, and then, when nature can bear no further, to lie down on the stony floor, and wait for the end. Would it not be better, to finish it at once than endure this living death, this torture of suspense.?. No ; life was still sweet, and there 'was at least the reliance of . escape from this . awful doom. But no time must be lost. Like the accursed Hebrew, Imust go on, on, on ; no rest, no-pause. Hour after weary hour I pressed forward, taking a snatch of food as I wandered. Hour, after weary hour in the darkness, for I had expended my last match, and still no sign of deliver ance. Was it day. -dr night ? . I knew not. Was the sun shining brightly over bead outside, while I here? Oh, horrible ! And in a day or two would iny mates be expecting me, looking anxiously for the one who would never, never, never come — who would be lying, stricken to death perhaps, in this dreadful place. The thought was madness, and I felt my brain reel under it. Still I went on. I screamed, I shouted, I sang,-.! prayed, I blasphemed by turns, yet kept ever on, walking, and frequently stumbling and falling, in my short snatches of sleep, but I seemed no nearer to the end of this interminable maze. A faint, dreamy kind of feeling of progression came over me. I felt no hanger, no thirst ; I experienced no fear, no anxiety, no fatigue. In the darkness I saw visions of houses, castles, green fields, wide forests, noble rivers; and yet through all was the never-ceasing feeling that I must go on. Was I then going mad, or was this indeed madness ? . Waking, as from a deep ^sleep, Hooked round me ; for a time unconcernedly, as if it were too much trouble even to think. Then I began to muse wonderingly on what I saw. A nicely furnished room, with a clock ticking cheerily on the mantel-shelf, and a row of medicine bottles on each side of it. A bed, with hangings of mosquito net, and myself lying in it, and disinclined to move. Who, then, was ill? Was it I? It must be so, and if so, what was the matter with me ? Let me try to think. No, I give it up ; I cannot remember. Three days later dear old George Mosely is seated by my bedside. He has told me all he knows. I was in the Bridge Hotel, Cromwell, where I had been for over a week, and Jack Marsh had taken all sorts of care of me. It had been a near squeak, though. A party of diggers prospecting on the Lower Card rowa, near Mount Alpha, had come across me mad with brain fever, but still making onward, shouting and singing as I went. How I had got there they could not imagine, for I appeared to have come from the direction of the ranges, where there was neither track, nor, as they said, the possibility of finding one. They had taken me to their camp, and had kindly enough, and at no little trouble and. expense, brought me down to Crom well for medical attendance. I had been talking the most outrageous nonsense ever was heard about caves, and murders, and bushrangers, and — but there, what was the use of talking — it ?was all happily over now, and in a. day or so I should be able to be up. When I grew stronger, and as the dread incidents I have related became more and more clearly imprinted on my memory, I called George and the doctor together, and, as connectedly as I could, told them my story. They humoured me by pretending to believe it, but I -could see that they put it down as the mere sick fancies of a fevered brain. I w»8 i«8ul^6b weak to argue, so I let them have their way, determining someday to convince them. But I never have. I have sought in vain for the gorge and cave (for my mates have even humoured me so far as to go with me in search), and sometimes am inclined to believe with them that it is a fevered dream. Still it is singular that the party lower down the river should have suddenly disappeared when it was rumoured that I had been found, and that Stuttering Harry and Patsy Carroll were never again heard of in those parts. That is my story, and that is how I am grey, nay, white, at forty. 