The treaty of Berlin has been signed, and for a time, at all events, Europe has been saved from a very serious war. Now that the diplo matic manoeuvres have been brought to what must sbej regarded M r adiapgy,termination, ..we may look back 1 on' tffe- yaribne* -'pat forward byTba diffefeU trpartre3 ) ~and~judge eomewhat Valne and their wisdom. On one side there are Mi' Glad* stone, Professor Goldwin Smith, and others, .whoaejbelipf aeetns .that, Russia was working. for the good of the Christians, and was forced to bring the Turks to a sense of the badness of their government and of T .the other side; were those' who thought that i the' Russians were merely,, seeking to aggrandise themselves under anj pretence, and who was simply a cloak" to 'cover greed of territory.,, It is, we confess, somewhat diffi-| ! oult J to’ decide betweenAHe which i have raged, and do Stjll rage, against each; other in the British' papers ;add reviews, and: which have both a considerable array of ability! on their side. Colonists, at all events, do not believe in the ptfaoe at any price policy. They; desire to see; their | native land respected, and' they perceive clearly that she could not'“be: so, unless.shejisipreparedtp take n stand upon! her fighting power when occasion may seem; to require. On™ the whole, to ’ our, mind/' •.■•all^utheevidence-; tends ... to ~sbpwi that :Great •; Britain has; played, a wise and" : bold part; ..■ and that- .her - action; ; has’ ij gdne ; far^'toj.-prevent .a iimuch more hbhnderiible encroachnientby Russia, and. has' done more to promote peace' than any possible noil-warlike policy could.-’Tha facts now: . beyond disputa jall appear tb prove that Russia has acted throughout in virtue of a conclhsioh long foregone. The outbreak-in Serna,-the rebellions in Montenegro, Bosnia, and Herze govina, had all for their basis Russian sym pathy ahd-Russlah-help. - -Without: the ooun :tenahCB(;9ffßussia it is doubtfol-if one t of these prorinces : would have moved, or, .at all 1 ' events, 1 if. any on'ewpuld have been able io make the stand they all did, Russia had‘a!secret under; standing with 1 Roumania, in virtue of which she' was allowed free access vfo the Danube; and at one time, the Roumanian soldiers fought by the side of : the Russians,'; AH these things indicate ’a settled policy of' attack on -Turkey dating a long-,way which could not have been prevented by any possible action of Great Britain.' -It is contended that ' Great!Britain should have joined'Russia in her endeavor' to reform tbe administration of the Turkish Government, but it is difficult to see what Great Britain. could-Have-’done at the'-, time, seeing that'Turkey was prepared: to .fight; and did, as it turned out, fight 'wifch.conriderable obstihaoy.and courage. On the whole, wo are inclined to hold that the policy bf . the. peace party was an impracticable one, and chiefly because that party credited Russia with bene volent intentions, of whiohs-we find no evi dence... It is . certain that , after : the Russian sffidiers had;' crossed the Balkansand,- had Turkey at their mercy, the demands of Russia were verylarge, and thSt she would.; by, this time have beenitf Constantinople, butfpr the prompt interposition of the British. ; Indeed,., inorder to restrain Russia;' when she had the: full power of . putting her benevolent inten tions m force, Great Britain was compelled to; get a vote/pf ,£6,000,000, to sepd/herfleet' into the Sea of Marmora, and to bring troops' from India, ready- to interpose -at Constanti nople. Russia did not stop, she was -stopped.' herbenevoleht designs' had fall scope, but was known to be advancing day by day,, apd getting ready to 'occupy the capital of the’Turkish Empire. : Even so,long' as there was any doubt as to .the cordial nhder ' standing between Great Britain aind : Austria,’ so long did Russia : show a; suUea. front,' but ’when' she found that she would have ; to deal with these two powers, she moderated , her, demands, and finally consented to forego a •great deal upon which she had .set her, , heart.. 1 This appears'to be^Vactual state of the case;, so,far as.we are aWe tpjudge of it from the Evidence before us, and it is idle to say, as some Russbphilea do, that Greatßritaih should merely have :used moral, suasion, and mildly cpimseiled Russia not to go:too far. Mr Qladstone stated in the House of Commons that he was pre pared to oppose Russia if she went too far, but how was he'.-prepared to, oppose her.? How could Russia be opposed, .if were made/if the fleetiwas. not ordered-, to. moVe, and the army was'hot prepared for, war 1 Nothing couldbayebeeu more idle'than to threaten = Russia without; being, prepared to Back up the threats" by force.;,,, Such’a policy might have led to war, but it would haveibeen a war in which,Russia would,'have hari/blTthe. strong- positions, and Great Britain, would; have had all the necessary preparations ;to , make. Clearly, there were hiit two courses possible; One was to let Russia do as she pleased, as Mr John Bright seemed to desire, to let Con stantinople.go,-and', leave Russia to settle with Austria alone. .This was.the favorite,,policy, of one party. The other course , waa, to ; lay down , limits., to. Russian pretensions, to in sist that the! settlement . wasamatter of European ' importance, upon which the great powers,', should, /be;, consulted, 'and -this , was the ’policy' which- became at - last 1 i tHe policy.of the great, bulk of, the British'people. Such a policy, ./however, would'. Have been worse than childisH.unless it had been backed up by material power, andthe, ; merit, of Lord' Beaconsfield is,^dut ; £e ; care to show'that he was ready to maintain , his position. ~; We know,that for "El time. We know .that-she Sat .'dsrk /and sullen. within sight of Constantinople, and that fat one period v she was ' gradually massing her troops' to "occupy the principal defensive posi tions. Hesitation oh the part of GreSt Britain would,have given her courage, but: the , arrival of the fleet;/the calling of soldiers'frpni;. India; the extensive preparations in England/ all showed Rossia that riie would haveßad at once to face a most formidable, foe, by Austria on tbe flank of her position, and ready' to cat her communications. This it was that made Russia pause, which induced her to cbh sent to'let'hef , claims ; be > ’’diMaiisißd i by a con jgress, and which has resulted in her yielding .Up come of the positions which she .coveted most. :Wo think that there -,, can, be no. .question a 3 ;t0 the wisdom. of Lord Beaconsfield’s policy, under thecircum stances. - He had no : choice between doing; what he did and failure, and-failure,/too, which woffid have’ made Great Britain the laughing stock of the world. As it is, Great Britain is with having restored the -power of-, public opinion in. Europe, she has' vindicated her ’position before the world, and has shown that the so-called nation of shop keepers canriseto the level of a great occasion. The bold attitude and resolnte action have evoked the sympathies of tbe coloniea,.-which have. indicated .their readiness to . help*, the. mother- country, andput to shame the theorists who. cast the colonies bffi retired froin-' Indiapand been content to ilet JSreat Britain.,bp’in Europe,. but; not oflit. NatioM, bread alone, but- moat wftyldeal/under penalty eft national |&ayj; WThat TEmerson said of ago is material Ipower is-greater now thanj that Great Britain -is -ruined,' continental writers used to declare that she would not fight; nno S” prob'Foflier' :reconrde4 "which have been but slightly dis -played-j-the-uther-by-tha_general_AUtcrjLfif. those same journals' that- she js.-now too strong Both by'lahd and by sea." The coantrythat i submitted to > aqd paid millugis, j though wrongly awarded to j has shown,-that .she.is,ready,for war, and has! the power 'W-maks' itl j Such a Spectacle is | uniquej-abd it- is bne ; which-will, surely, raise j the EchaiaCter :ofi Great; Britain the world I over. . v " “ " ' | Tub Mining Board of .this distinct has adopted | a,memorial praying, for the introduction into! Parliament. ; of ~ a new for. the control i and adihihistratibh of "miffing "affairs/ -ibstead' of giving up. the, ghost and dying; decently, the; board, propounds a large I ""scheme" for tbej continuance of miffing boards with, vastly in-' pbwefsj'and,' we infer, I proportionately! increased pay. ‘For it cannot he expected that! a board. : with f -larger to exist with.; the same pay.-. - .That would ■ beflat treason in I this age and land.pf-patriots. When patriots! ■go, fpr billets,; from .£3OO,- to. ; £2OOO. odd .a' year, ‘and..sacrifice themselves spontaneously^atj those prices, it is not reasonable to expect that a newly-oreated mining-board, with new and; ■ more 1 important j; fnnotions, : would' consent ?to. throw itself away npon ‘the public service at the old pifice of a beggarly pounds week.* We may bein error, howevSr, and it may be that the reticence of the Ballarat board on this' point'bnly "modestly hides a,stern delermina-j tion tp.feielno more pay than a'shire or other council ,takes for looking after local ’affairs. Leaving the region of speculation; we turn, to „ the ' memorial- itself, and find; that . it . proposes ;; some, radical;' changes in administration. ', It proposes ;to do away with the" . mihePsbight:and leases, and. to make , registration the title-deed of the miner,- encroachment and-fbrfeiture disputes to be settled jn /ordinary courts; /So far so goodi for we'have often advocated the reform as one desirable in the interests of the miner and the public. We now come to the graver part., of the-memorial,’ It is proposed to continue the board, or; boards at all'events, in; all the< districts) and. to em power them not only to maintain 'the'present absurd diversity of regulations, but to exercise other important functions..-i-'Eacttiibbifidi.;ip'to have power not only tofix the size of ’ claims, but whatthe fees and rent shall be—forthe hew blaim'is ■to be rented,'.tbough leases are' to;be aboUshed, the ‘ framers of the memonal aiffiing at brilliant effect’s; 1 rent and fee fixing powers are to apply to claims, water-! Tights,. and ‘residence. and, .and bbards are to have.power to appoint officers! and :!^n{o^^ymeat;9{.the':.tBiita. More, the; boards/. 1 are .to . appoint) control, -and ,;pay! registrars and surveyors and" otherofficers/the' registrara to 'collect; the rents, and; pay them, into a district fund, which is ; to be under the' control; of the district: board, 1 each board' to be empowered also to fix the fees for registration and survey. The funds, after, paying the boards, the : registrars;, the surveyors; and: other, officers, are - to. be-, devoted to, the: support of schools of mines and prospecting. Then the memorial proceeds to advocate aid; to - prospecting, and to lay dbvim the, thesis that .because selectors- are not charged for'thefuse, of the land, the miner ought hot to be. charged; though what this means, after what;' precedes it as torrents and other charges) or what is its value as. an effort at logic and comparison, we will not occupy space- to discuss.' ;Tt seems to us that the ■ me morial proposed ah . unnecessary addition .to*the cost and complicationbf gold fields administration, and is a scheme -that neither Qoverriment'nor Parliament/will/or ought , tp. sanction. To us it seems much simpler and and' much more-in unison with the.interests of the State/ that’ we ; should do away with- all the mining boards and all their conflictingdistrict. rules, 7 and; place llie administration of the gold lands under the department which administers other lahds; thus getting rid, not .only of mining boards; but 'Mining Ministers, and. -all; the;. expensive machinery of the,' would make land,' : survey,. and .sub-treasury officers everywhere do. all the work of and' registration . and ; m6ney : cpUectibn,-;and .thus .unify, the land administration of the colony, believing that a demise. of land for inimng is just as simple an affair as a demise for any other purpose, and that -the /ad ministration'" of /the; public estate should not ,be given ,: 6ver : irresponsible dis trict boards like' those now existing or proposed to be created by the prayer of the memorialists. / Under these circumstances, we -hope-that Ministers and- Parliament' iinjU/not “be pleased .to .thejiprayer of the memorial/their, favorable consideration,, and to introduce into . Parliament a bill for the management of; the/goldfields' based upon.-the scheme therein set forth,” . 