Christmas at Larrakeeyeena. [Written expressly for the Gawter Standard. ] BY NOMAD. [My friend the Editor of the Gawler Standard (entre nous, I don't think much of these Editor fellows) asked me a short time ago to write a story for the Christmas number of that powerful and influential journal. In what I fear was a rash moment I consented, and thus committed myself to a step from which there is now no shrinking—' except at the risk of incurring the merited scorn and contumely of every honorable man, who has implanted in his bosom those principles, &c.;, &c.;' I qnote from the speech the Editor hurled at me when I proposed to back out of the agreement. I much fear that the subscribers and readers of the Standard will agree with the Editor in the remark he made at the end of the aforesaid speech, viz.—'That he had no doubt the story would be an execrable one.' Perhaps the worst that I can say iu favor of my humble attempt to fill up a column or so of the ' powerful and influential, &c.;,' may be embodied in this single statement—that although my story relates to ' the bush,' yet (and here is the anomaly !) it is written by one who has really and truly seen bush life ! I deem this explanation necessary, so that my readers may know that, although the tale may be a poor one, yet it is told by one who was and is a veritable denizen of the Australian wilds.] Great preparations were being made, and the worthy proprietor of Larrakeeyeena was determined to make the approaching Christmas an enjoyable one. Mr. Alex. Kirton, as the owner of the above-mentioned station property, was beneficently endowed with this world's goods, and might fairly be taken for the conventional 1 successful colonist' we read, or have read, so much about. Mr. Ivirton's run is situated some — miles north of our noble city of Adelaide, and with this somewhat vague hint as to its locality I must beseech my readers to be satisfied. Larrakeeyeena is a grand little ran of about 100 square miles, and its value to the proprietor can be estimated when I mention that it is freehold land, is well watered (a rarity in northern station properties), and over a great portion is beautifully timbered with fine old gnms, which, through being jealously watched, havo escaped the despoiler's axe. The home station is prettily situated in a hollow or little valley between two hills, and when I first saw it (now some years ago) the place instantly suggested an earthly Elysium. A running creek— with an unpronounceable native name— wends its way sinuously just below the Government House; and between the two is a most inviting looking fruit garden. I think it was this garden which on the first occasion of my seeing the place gave to the whole the charm which it undoubtedly possesses. There are but few gardens north of Adelaide, and whenever it has been my fortune to see one attached to a station property, I have always regretted that so few of our estate owners go to the small cost of establishing them. I have already spoken of Mr. Kirton, the proprietor, as a successful colonist; and a very few words more will make my readers acquainted with this gentlemen's general position. Born in New South Wales, Mr. Kirton had started in the world with a few hundred pounds left him by his father, A keen business tact, unwearying- perseverance and good luck had in a few years enabled him to purchase Larrakeeyeena run iu South Australia, This property he saw first when travelling through this colony with the purpose of picking up a good thing, and although he had to put down a stiff sum for the possession thereof, I think he has never regretted his purchase. I am inclined to the belief that a good deal of my genial friend's success in life is due to the cheering help he has had from his wife, to whom I have pleasure in introducing my readers. At the time of which I write Mrs. Kirton was about 40 years of age, and, as all her friends used to say, looked scarcely 30, I think the sweet and equable temperament which this lady possessed—and does still—Jiad much to do with her young appearance. It is said that many years ago, and not long after they were married, Mr, Kirton suffered a somewhat severe commercial loss, very suddenly, and that when he heard of it he was much concerned as to how his wife would receive the news. Well, it appears that when Mrs, Kirton was enlightened respecting the disaster, she said—< Well, my dear, we must try and retrieve the loss, Let us live as economically as we can, and bear the misfortune cheerfully.' There is but one child, a pretty girl of nineteen or twenty, who at the time of my story was indeed sweetly captivating! She was at this time wholly heart-free (at least her friends said so, and who should know better ?), and apartfrom com- mercial considerations—which have their weight in these degenerate times—she was really a prize worth securing. And now with these few words of necessary explanation let me to my story. As I said in the first line, great preparations were being made. As a usual thing the Kirtons were in the habit of spending their Christmas in New South Wales with their relations ; but this year, owing to illness in Mrs. Kirton's family, they had decided to remain at Larrakeeyeena, and, as Mr. Kirton said, ' worry through the festive time as best they could.' They had invited most of their friends who lived within a reasonable distance to spend the Christmas Day with them; and the day's doings were to include a picnic at Wild Cattle Creek, a dinner in the evening, and the usual dancing, round games, &c.; Some of the guests had arrived on Christmas Eve, as their places of abode were too far distant to admit of their turning up on the Christmas Day in time for the picnic. Amongst these were the Latrobes—father, mother, aud two daughters, Alice and Mary, the latter my favorite name. (Be still my heart, be still!) There were also the overseer of a small out station belonging to Larrakeeyeena. Old Andrew McCleisli, with his wife and daughter; the first of these a somewhat shrewish dame, and the latter a bashful little girl of seventeen, who blushed when spoken to, and called people either * Sir,' ' Ma'am,' or 1 Miss,' as occasion seemed to require. These good people had accepted Mr. Kirton's invitation with great cheerfulness and alacrity, and appeared on Christmas Eve in appropriate holiday attire. Besides these were several young fellows from adjoining stations, who, as can be imagined, were nothing loth to spend their Christmas holiday where there were so many attractive members of the sweet sex. Amongst these gentlemen I must mention Mr. Jack Hittaker, who held the important position of manager on one of the adjoining runs, and the brothers Frank and Wilton Stark, who occupied somewhat similar positions, though a little less in importance, to Jack Hittaker's. Two painfully nervous young men, whose names I never heard, and who in the presence of the galaxy of beauty to which I have referred, looked sadly out of their element, together with your unworthy subscriber, 'Nomad,' completed the party. It is Christmas morning, and the Kirton family with the guests are assembled in the large dining-room prior to starting for Wild Cattle Creek. There are welcomings and compliments of the season passing to-and-fro in quick succession. I see my friend Mrs. Kirton running here and there, seeing to the final preparations for the picnic. Her jolly husband is in his most facetious mood, is very much in the way, and generally behaving himself shamefully 1 (This is what we bachelors said upon detecting him in the unhallowed act of trying to kiss the two Miss Latrobes.) Old Andrew McCleish has just imbibed his third go of whisky, which, as he informed • me gravely, ho very much dislikes, but that a complication of maladies from which he suffers renders the unpalatable stimulant highly necessary. Mrs. McCleish is assisting Mrs. Kirton, and frequently displays her fine quick temper upon her unworthy half; while her daughter Polly is blushing and saying, ' Yes, sir,' to Mr. Kirton, who has transferred his flirtation from the Miss Latrobes to the pretty and unsophisticated Scotch lassie. We bachelors are jolly, happy, and determined to make a day's enjoyment. A moment since I even detected one of the nervous young men running his fingers through his hair, and assuming quite a jaunty appearance. Most of the young fellows had arrived at the station on horseback, and 1 expected would adopt that mode of travelling to reach the picnicing ground. I observed, however, that some of these made strenuous endeavors to be of the ladies' party, who were going in conveyances. (Of course I except myself from this scheming.) The nervous young men were easily persuaded by Jack Hittaker and the Starks to go on horseback, ' just for the look of the thing;' and as I offered to acoompany them (I know much to the private satisfaction of the former gentleman), we were enabled to form a respectable guard of honor. The journey to Wild Cattle Creek was made in about an hour and a half, and as soon as our horses were hobbled and turned loose there was a suggestion made to unpack the hampers and attack the bountiful luncheon provided by our kindly hostess. This is as it always is at picnics. I have attended several during my life, and have invariable heard the remark made immediately upon arrival—' Well, we have arrived, and I should think (modestly) that before we do anything else weoughtto lay out the provisions.' At our picnic, of course, there were the pleasant and jocular ' little (scenes' inseparable from these entertainments. Of coui-se the mustard and salt were forgotten; of course it was discovered (oh, grief!) that the beautiful plum pudding—Mrs. Kirton's chef cTanmri— had been sat upon during the drive, and its symmetry destroyed; of course Miss Kate Kirton was certain she saw a spider crawl under the dish of sandwiches ; and equally of course Mr. Jack Hittaker was obliged to whisper in her ear that spiders were really harmless, you know, and that even if they were not, what insect possessed of a heart could ham one so, &c.; I think we all did justice to that openair refection, and although to most »f us youngsters, who had spent countless nights in open air when travelling with sheep or cattle (although certainly unattended by such fare as we had jnst discussed), though to us the mimic ' camping out' was not much of a novelty, yet I am Eure we enjoyed it. As for the nervous young men they really performed wonders ! When nervous young man No. 1 besought Mrs. Kirton for a very little more of that veal pie, let ns say, nervous young man No. 2 would remark (though very diffidently) that really he never enjoyed anything like it, and he felt obliged to request Miss Kirton for 'just a morsel of——' ' Thank you, you're very kind/ The luncheon over it devolved npon the young ladies—assiduously assisted by some of ns juvenile mates—to clear away the things, wash up the plates, knives and forks, dishes, &c.; after which the party separated into little knots and couples, and strolled about for a couple of hours. The sun was too powerful to admit of our indulging in croquet or archery, the materials for both of which amusements had- been brought. I strongly suspect that some of us were not grieved at this. As one who^ias had his little day of tormenting' and flirtation, I wandered about solus smoking my pipe, and keeping a sharp weather eye open upon the movements of those who seemed disposed for a little turtledovery. I heard Jack Hittaker, who was well acquainted with our picnicing place, offer to show Miss Kirton something of romantic interest a little distance away, and I saw (out of the corner of the aforesaid weather eye), Frank Stark and Miss Mary Latrohe talking in most suspicious undertones. The elder folks were, reclining under a shady gumtree, and seemed but little disposed to chaperon the youngsters. But I find I am growing verbose, and must hurry along. Behold, then, the party returned from the picnic. It is nearly dark, and we are walking into the dining-room to eat the Christmas dinner. This event passed off with thorough success, and notwithstanding the very substantial luncheon we had eaten in the middle of the day, we were able to do ample justice to the good things provided. Two or three speeches were made. In proposing the healths of our hosts, to wliich Mr. Kirton made a pleasant reply in the utterance of ennobling sentiments, such as 1 May this moment be the least happy of our lives' (this was rung out of one of the nervous youths at the instigation of Hittaker) and ' the sharers of our joys and sorrows—woman,' pronounced ' sorrers® and ' wummun' by old McCleish. It appears that we were not the only -merrymakers at the station, as down at the kitchen all the station hands were assembled. Their dinner was eaten at midday, and they were now—it being after dark—singing and dancing to the dulcet strains of a couple of concertinas and fiddles. And here I find I have but little space left to describe the ending of oar Christmas at Larrakeeyeena. How, when the dining-room bad been cleared out, we danced and sang, played round games, and demanded forfeits ; how the time-honored snap- dragon institution was introduced, how the ladies burnt their fingers in the fire, and how gratified they were for the sympathy (exuberently expressed sometimes) of the young gentlemen! All this I should like to have space to .record at_ length. Close upon midnight a good many of the guests appeared somewhat tired, and at a suggestion which was made that we should finish the day . by the recounting of stories, we.we're" glad to relinquish the slightly boisterous fun of the early part of the 'evening, And now we are all .comfortably seated, with the doors and windows open, and the lamps turn down low. Two or three have volunteered stories, and the lead is taken by our host. Of course here in Australia we have no old haunted rooms tenanted by the ghosts of former residents; so that oar stories on this night partook but little of the marvellous, It is at this moment— when Mr. Kirton is recounting tb$ history ©f big early experiences—that I will make my bow, and say adieu. A hushed silenoe broken only by the barrator's voice pervades the room. This qvuet and repose seems to be A fitting ending to the day. Notwithstanding the interest of the ' story which is being narrated, I dare say that some x»f us are not listening very fLtt&tivcfy.; For instance, Mies Kirton und <J«ok Hittaker (whom I heard 1 whisper together just now) look as if their : <bwn company was sufficient for them. Mary Latrobe and Frank Stark are also sitting together, and if a moment ago I did not detect a furtive squeeze of their i hands, my name is not' Nomad !' With J the exception of these tiro couples—and I fear the teller of this story—all are listening to Mr. Kirton, who presently givesway to old Andrew MeCleish, who tells a tale so riddled with broad Scotch that few ean understand him. Truth to tell, old MeCleish has just a 'wee xlrappie* toomuch to-night. This I am told by hie wife, who says that this mil account for the broad Scotch! My little • story is done, and I must leave my discerning readers with their marvellous prescience to continue it. Should they do so they will probably find that Jack Hittaker and Kate Kirton are now married and, let us hope, happy; that the hand squeezing between Frank Stark and Mary Latrobe w&s; but the precursor of other tender displays of affection; that these two only want the consent of papa (and, entre nous, they are liksly to continue wanting!) to do as the others have done. To the ©there of my story there is no especial interest attached. I saw them all occasionally, when we never fail to remind each other of the enjoyable Christmas at Lgrakeeyeena of 187—. 