THE REFORM QUESTION. THE Chief Socretaiy introduced the Government measure for the amendment of the Constitution into iha Assembly on Wednesday. The speech in which Mr BEBBY set out the intentions of himself and colleagues opened with a lone of fairness, and his appeal to the Honse to discuss the matter without party bias was creditable, if sincere. Unfortunately it is impossible to give Mr BEBBY credit for sincerity In this regard, inasmuch as with that peculiar inconsistency which is the vice of short- sighted politicians, he on Thursday night laid it down as a test of the sincerity of his followers on the matter of Constitutional reform, that they should not dis sent from the purchase of the Hobson's Bay railway. The one matter has as little to do with the other as Tenterden steeple with Goodwin sands, except in the mind of Mr BEBBY, who, we may readily believe, argues somewhat in this fashion—The Hobeon's Bay purchase is a condition precedent to the loan: the loan is a necessity of the home trip which the Victorian Royal Commissioners are to take, and if the railway purchase be defeated their standing in London will ba seriously depreciated. Mr BEBBY wants the sanction of the capitalist party to his loan proposals, in order to strengthen him in his other designs. On no other grounds can we understand a proposi tion so absolutely foolish as that he placed before his supporters—your vote on this matter is a test of your loyalty to constitutional reform. We do not think that any other politician in the universe would approach a question of the same magnitude with such mis-appreciation of the spirit that should guide the discussion. What Mr •BEBBY says is—" Don't make the ques tion a party one' bnt if you are disloyal to your party on the Hobson's Bay purchase you are disloyal also on constitutional reform.*' - The inconsistency is very striking, and affords a glimmering of light as to the insincerity and sham of ihe whole business. For the Reform Bill, we make bold to eay, has been brought forward in a spirit of sham. Everyone acknowledges that the Upper House Deeds reforming, and that all said of it in the past by Messrs j HIGINBOTHAM, STEPHEN, WBIKON, FRAN- CIS, and other-leading politicians, is not far from the truth; but no one, up to the time of Mr BEBBY, ever ventured to say that the reform should take the shape of reducing the Council to powerlessness-and degradation. It remained for the " blind leaders of the blind''— the " stonewall" asseiters of right by methods of unconstitutional violence ; the absolutist leaders for the time being of excited public opinion ; the irresponsible executive authorities of a majority in Parliament elected in obedience to a popular impulse of class hatred—to lay down the principle that the obc<tacles shall be removed from the path of their absolute wills, that the representation of numbers shall be all in all, and that of. property—which means thrift, industry, intelligence, and sobriety— nothing. .This is actually what has been laid down by the Government measure. It degrades the Upper House—tramples it in the dost completely. Will any man j who has studied constitutional history for one moment assert that the tendency of political thought is towards the removal of checks from the actions of a democratic majority ? If this were the " advanced thought" on the subject of constitutional law, there would have been little of the " doubt, per- plexity, and fear of cliaoge'' that have characterised tho earnest discussion of what is best to be done to secure the smooth working~of political institutions. Nothing would have been easier than to -make one House legislatures, which Is ' substantially what Mr BEBBY proposes, although he leaves a " shadow of a. shade." of the Upper House. But everyone, save the extreme 'Victorian democrats, have recognised—and we believe they would recognise, if it suited their purpose—that one Honse legislatures are a failure. They have been: tried in the United States and found: deficient. Everywhere where there is : responsible government two Houses, exist, and eiist ihey must if licence and eorrupfion are to lie ' checked, and the .people themselves sav^d from robbeiy. In our most homely concerns we adopt .checks, find it is. surely the maddest •game cpDceivable to entrnst a majority 1 >offhe 2j(^eIative.Aissembly alone with the collection and «xpenditiire of millions iof pounds -yearly, and -the icontrol of concerning;. onr dearest in-; :ter^^^ . 'That the" proposal of ^tfce" Mmistry amounts to the adoption of the" onerHoiise jipriiicaple"." needs' Very little~ sense to discover. .The Council is. alv^d. ' It'is jcompleteiy Bhom ment propose ? As to money'bills -it: "" ' . ^ l ? ! e Council to ^ \- within*® month it is considered dalypassSl^rttireut them. Mr BERBY and his following MAY make laws in the terms of JACK CADE—" There shall be in England " seven halfpenny loaves sold for a " penny; the three-hooped pot shall " have _ ten hoops, and I will make it " felony to drink small beer; all the "realm shall be in cbmmon, and in " Cheapside shall my palfrey go to " grass "—-tliey may follow the lead of tho Jtobespietres, Marats, Desmoulins, and Dan tone in a humbler way, and revive laws of the French Revolution type ; they may—and this is worth considering—repeat the disgraceful doings of Black Wednesday— " For Humphrey is no little man in England," and the Assembly will readily come to the conclusion their bills are within the meaning of the 56th section of the Constitution Act, and therefore " money " bills." In this case there is no check. Short shrift is given to the ghost of a Senate. " Within a month —a little month," or e'er he ink on a " most unrighteous " measure is dry, it becomes law, in spite of the second chamber. Whatever the Assembly chooses to call a money bill is to be passed without the Council dealing with it. The sham of that Council's consent —or, what seems utterly un-English, -Jbai aafeerii^n of that. >asseg.t wiltioui its having been given,—is oil that is required to make the bill law. This is government by one House in its extremest form—or rather it is government by the Executive and the majority of the Assembly. Whither are we drifting in regard to the control of the public purse ? Even the most ardent reformer 6urely is opposed to taking the " power of the purse " out of the hands of both Houses, and vesting it in the Executive. Yet the misinterpretation of the 45th clause of the Constitution Act, and the present bill most completely vest all power to deal with the revenue in the hands of the Government of the day. Of course it is our luck only to have an honest, incorruptible, sternly virtuous Government in power now; but " We know not -what may be." The possibilities of the situation are such as to excite the wildest dreams of avarice Not only does this calamity happen, but in general legislation the " suspensive veto " of the Council is to be a mere name. It rests for the Assembly to say what is a bill imposing " any duty, rate, "tax, rent, return, or impost —that is a measure passable in a month. We know pretty well what the Assembly dares do in forcing measures of general policy upon the Council ostensibly as money bills, and enlarged powers of coercion will certainly not lead to greater consideration being shown for the Council. Any trick will suffice to " jockey " that House out of interference in legislation. By MTBEBBY'S bill, therefore, the Council is abased most abjectly. It has to accept whatever legislation the Assembly pleases to force upon its acceptance, and in whatever way the Assembly may choose to put it forward. If not literally, this is actually government by one Chamber, which has been condemned wherever tried, and upon which the people of this colony have never been called fairly to pronounce " an opinion. Neither the legislation itself, nor the fact of so radical a proposition being made without the consent of public opinion, can be justified. Do Mr BEBBY and his colleagues wish to justify what they have done ? We doubt it. We do not think they are sincere. They desire to " ride on the whirlwind and direct the storm " when the tornado of passion and excitement sweeps over the land. Theirs can be no patriotic desire for calm and amendment of tho "Constitution to secure peace,, progress, and prosperity. Else they would not run counter to all wise opinion on the subject of government, and seek, to remove the jbrake and apply the lash, when all that is wanted is- to reduce the brake's friction. EYNETON REVISION COTJBT.—The members' of the Council sat on Thursday as a revision court, to entertain objections to names upon the ratepayers' roll, and claixnB to be put -upon the list. The interest felt in the matter was unusually ksen, ae evidenced by the employment of legal talent on behalf of objectors .and persons rated, in every case.. Air Albert: J&hd;, Mr ^Palmer, and Mr Armstrong were the attorneys present. A good deal of legal subtlety was displayed, and technical objections of more or less force were raised, but the court was more inclined to do justice on the merits than listen to legal objections. The court eat from eleven a.m. til] a quarter to six p.m., when owing to the withdrairal of several of the members no quorum was left, and the remainder of the business, which includes the majority of the rfnimn to bo placed on the roll, was adjourned until this morning, at eleven o'clock. \- . *TSE .AfiCKBiBHOr's VISIT.—-Tho mission under the auspices of his Grace the Archbishop Dr Goold, was very largely attended by the Soman Catholic people of Eyneton; and the surrounding district, and successfully carried out with the able and zealous assistance rendered by Dean Geogheganand the Eev. Fathers Walsh, Allen (of Castle-; S maine), and Eelly ^of Melbourne). The latter arrived on Friday evening and preached then and the following Sunday, morning, and evening. His Grace also preached on Wednesday and Thursday evenings, after which be gave benediction. - The Very Eev-. 'Horatio Geogbfegan, Dean of Eyneton, also gave benediction on Friday and Sunday evenings. It must be truly gratifying to |us Grace and his rev. assistants to note tho care and: attention manifested by the people to their spiritual ministrations -and blessings conferred on those who seek the " one thing necessary." : THE HAJLWAT QUEEHOH AUD WATEB SDP- JPLY.—In compliance with & requisition, the president of the shire has convened a public meeting on Wednesday evening next, at the Mechanics' Institute, to consider the deviation of the Daylesford railway route from! Woodeud to Carlsruhe. At the conclusion of the discussion on this subject, a second meeting will be held im the question of water supply. , . j . TBE ESTTHAIEE.—The estimates of eroonditure " -under votes" for tho year 1878-9 have been submitted. The total sum aBked for is £3,113,262 for last rear. The total increase shown is £13,765, but this is independent of supplementary : and additional estimates, whioh will largely swell the amount. Special appropriations will have to betaken an to ucconnt unii they .will bring the total expenditure! ifor the year to more that five. Inilliozi pounds. LICENSED SCBVBIOB.—We.learn that Mr Jp^jWjSPindridgej son ofMajorWindridge, lias successfully passed the examination for licensed surveyors, and Has been authorised jto effect surveys for the Bbrrd of. Land and, Works in Victoria. . ; : POUHOAL—jnighi^i Mo-old ;says .on fTue6day the'm^orityHoppoeed to 'the Hobon's Bay purchase will decide whether, or, >ot they vnll" stonewall" the measure,vor ply warmly denounce it. ~ {states Ministers are M^disranified Jmth- • (action of some of thar lukewaim supporters (that unless thore is some change for letter manifested by these gentlemen during the next few days, they wBl sort the flock, and ascertain who are not of the Liberal fold. 