THE SCIENCE, SENTIMENT^ •. COUUok BEK8E ' "^Nl) MNHOfil l gciKlcwan. My style is extempore, qB4u®!l dZ J | and is never that o£ a dry pedant."—Addison : « I tator." I Mr \- ow Mr. G. H. Lewes, well known inliterah,,. esr& JSJSsftJfcjsS mj on "The bread and DbBtarfgES The minds of the generality are pre-rxscSi by traditions and enthralled by " intuilaS or "instincts," which are invested with thel» nityof "axioms." Science with her theorems* sternly called upon and directed to " proveWr case," while our indolence is'top prone fo believe that to be wrong which requires mani ■words, close attention, and some thought before it can be proved, and by us seen to hi true. One of Lewes'a illustrations struck mb forcibly. " How difficult it is to prevail oh your cook to -measure (not guess), the requisite spices, condiments, and seasonings." "Don't tell me. Mother-wit and long practice for ever! "is her cry.- I once had! neat and convenient utensil of polished steel a sort of stool, the steel reticulated, and abounding in springs and hinges; a toasting fork was ready to be presented and loaded a sort of porringer to receive the toast; and other appliances minutely prevised. It was relegated to the lumber-corner. Bridget per. sisted in toasting bread at the extremity, of 5 very questionable fork. Bo David Copper, field vainly purchased a costly, elaborate, coffee-machine, constructed by Some sou of science on pneumatic principles; hut his landlady adhered loyally to a dilapi, dated old shaving-pot, of the internal clean, lihess whereof poor David was unassured. " Itule-of-thumb " is ton nfi~» snubbed ^d quizzed by the' cited in religious circles), has ,0ne on 'fc aversion felt by persons of culture a£d fcS from the .use of scripture phraseology Md Hebraic idiom." Were tlfis cCf 3 founded (which I call into question)iw3 it prove much more than the tended? of modern ana^tical criticism to paraphS the language of Elizabeth and James I. into fi °j 'J1®, Present day—a course habitually adopted in the study of Shakspeare, Baroi and even Milton? But I have heard Poster surpassed. . "Sir" (says Howler), "they hate—haiei sir—revealed religion. Hume all of them, sir, hate us and it Your scientists carefully mass in array all that can giveua trouble. The rainbow they have confiscated despite poetry. 1 1' 1 ask not proud philosophy To teach me what thou art. Can all that optics teach untold Thy hues to please me so As when I dreamt of,' &c.; Hatred, sir, is at the bottom of it all Geology, astronomy, evolution, &c.; Demow stration; whence came it, but from demon.1 the father of lies?" kc. Had Mr. Lewes ever heard similar denun. ciations ? And does he adroitly place against them the " dread and distrust of science," in order that, like the opposite quantities in algebra, the two may serve to destroy each other ? So, some weeks ago, in weighing tha theory of Goldwin Smith, that patriotism is a virtue impossible to a Jew, we placed in the opposite scale the paradox of Soane Jenyns that it is inconsistent with the faith of a Christian. All such wild hypotheses are nil. philosophical. Men pf common sense do not hate" religion, but they seek to control emotion, and sometimes to suspend faith till, like Polonius, she can say, " When did yon ever find me wrong?" They do not hate science, but trouble; and love success by a lluke, or by the " light of nature," bgcauseit saves fatigue and is Battering to their vanity. This love of " rule-of-thumb' is the sunshine of the quack, who asks but one trial of his nostrum, daring which he permits you to eat and drink, &c.;, as usual. 'Many will swallow a nauseous dose; few will submit to a month's diet, fewer still to the peremptory relinquishment of a favourite indulgence. The "distrust of science" is not confined to the cloister; we are nearly all truants, if not rebels. We resemble the immortal Sirs. Par. tington of Sydney Smith; armed with mop ana broom we see the waves of scien'ce ad. vancing and encroaching (drat them!), and we fain would resolutely repel and shovo them back. The philosopher turns giddy when he looks back. Where are our ghosts and witches? Are we to pray w".en,1® thunders ? No, the sound we hear is too pledge of safety to ourselves as well as 01 health to others. . , , » Is disease to be attacked by prayer and fast, or by drainage, diet, and sanitary re. gulations ? Those stately catafalques, cauea by our ancestors " beds," draped round chintz, sometimes with velvet, are abolis i and if we must breathe "nightair" miprefer it pure to ford. The modem phfiosopher sl^a with open: window, despite "P1'^ hands of his venerable relations. Thecrea in 144 hours of the solar syBtem weacknow ledge to have been no ordinary weeks ^ and to justify the reasonable r®pos -ajn : hours; but the solar system is but as a gra of sand on the sea shore, compared mthtrm vast complex of creation; worlds 0 rolling ever from creation to decay. the eye of philosophy, the germina grain of mustard s£d, the first bud of the % free, the- early festoon of the mUo^i^ great a miracle as the whoiesol Shakspeare was no stranger to tm say and to the awe it our philc miracles are past, and w® m(Mjem and sophical persons, to make can8eless. ss?s& rfis ■ * the Htdral Jin^feretation of tne ^ .-a. _! pruning. l"D . _ iffl promise1' the second coming. . »ta upon .Melbourne cannot be Th antipode, Lisbon, .and convemeiy. g^e croachments of. science „rape, boldly denounces Anacreonand tueg ^ Btr0ng fceUing man he to «g over tnephilosopher Worcester * ecieriC®. who planted th® j-aftaedj ^ id 35 f«w);m pared, and classified, t waW unsparing and impartial. ^ . sent sentiment no W without ®®! j : J"iSW The pillared aisle, fretted vault, organ, choir, mid painted window are substantial aids to ' hearts insufficient of themselves, and .so are all good gifts. I join myself to Howler—in my truth ready to agree with even him. The patriarch Jacob, we know, told a lie. Howler drinks—so did Noah ; he smokes—so do I. _ , . ]iut, rcvenons. I say that science, m her ruthless impartiality, contradicts many be sides theologians, and not always even them. Do Hoivler, Hozadeal, and Damumall de nounce the dance, and ban the ballroom? Do they anathematise the theatre, seeing ^«nonnainGreville, and Hades in Hennings? Gel,en"?l!uX8 for'th her scorn of our fatuity Science thunaere hours air both heated Science inuiju^. inbreathing for several hours air both hea and impure,while engaged in muscular es lion; then, thus weakened, inelastic, excited, veiprostrated, tobrave the raw, aamp morning air. Or, if not dancing, she- frowns at the ^ oon a nlav. and she sets air. Or, it see'a play, and she sets F^'Tou the exhausting tendencies of the lliOiiou. even the wig, forensic or juaiciai; aiueu uj common sense, she has abolished the epis copal. She vigorously, mercilessly, and per sistently wars on cosmetics, washes, pink ennoers, ceruse, pearl powder, belladonna, -v; saucers, ceruse, inu.. —, corsets, crinolines, chignons, and their J inevitable gregarines; also high heels, J and thus drives her chariot through every rank and class, as unsparingly as Peter j Alexcwitz drove his wheelbarrow through the trim-clipt hedges and dainty parterres iliat attested % the elegance and studied re finement of Evelyn. Science overrules in stinct, and tramples on intuition. Who lias not felt her iron grasp? She bids you \- ■ ... ni-r nf ^ »*«* W* *JW"S2L£ .t'S.1 z-'finV, si&fiHsajsp; ssfe ,ou sway men with oratory, or enlighten them with philosophy and truth, she^bids ou to toil and train-to learn to obey the *.7. « i m mnrtifiAri. fllHl vnilt.fi r'lriil bv which genius is mortified, and youth often repelled, and to seek through the craggy Olltn IC^jgavu, w mountain-paths and yawning precipices "of toil and failures the first faint glimpses of the mist-emvrapt pinnacles of the temple of fame. I think that honest Will Honeycomb has some descendants. Many men have a secret contempt for minutim and training, thinking they can afford even to misspell. Byron well expresses this feeling when he says that Don Juan danced, " not like a ballet-master, but like a gentleman, as if he rather held in than put forth his vigour." In one of Ouida's wild and tawdry novels some club men are plan ning a. boat race. "I will help you, said Guy±" to beat the Cambridge men. I am an old Etonian; but (stretching forth an arm that might have vied with, &c.;) do might have vied with, &c.;) do not expect me to train." Hadlie been really an Etonian he would have asked, " What are your hours of prac tice?" How often does a man say, "Oh! I am no musician, but I'll give you something," he., fondly deeming himself modest when ne is simply lazy. What a fascination lurks in the word " amateur." "Keason out the question. Argue the case." But sentiment will not reason. "Cre mation, sir, horror! Can I abandon the sad Bolace of visiting the grave and tracing the form ? Horror! Outrage to my dearest hopes. Baffling the resurrection. No more, sir, no more." Yes. Science comes heralded by dread and distrust, and propitiating no rank, no class, neither ruler nor subject. Unforgotten are the struggles of Lady M. W. Montagu, and the pitiless peltings of ribald ridicule showered upon Jenner. George Stephenson, as well as Brindley, was treated almost as a foe. Yet science advances, despite our wayward obstinacy. She inspires (as well says Mr. Lewes) a faith all her own. The mariner trusts the compass, though,-per/taps, unable to explain it. We all believe in gravitation and the precession of the equinoxes, in the form of the earth and the progress of stellar light, whether we have mastered the Prin cipia or not. This is the true m<mt (pistis) of the great philosophers, a-trust in tacts recorded and verifiable. Yet even this has to vanquish our laziness and our vanity. The bath,- long deemed dangerous, is now becoming universal. As we are apt to cling fondly to our loved morn ing slumbers, though duty and science com bine to bid us to court the sunlight and the breath of Aurora, so do we still cherish old fading traditions, and childishly reject all unwelcome tests, all startling analyses, and many conclusive facts. And thou, too, philosopher, she saith to thee, "Manmn de tabula." "Fling down tby pen and sally forth, woo the Egeria of the grove, hill, and stream. ' on *a'r nature's face to turn thine eyes, And pause, for once, from writing, to be wise.' While skies are warm and bright, 'tis folly to persist; propter vitam, vivendi perdere causae. Leave thy brethren wrangling in court. Propter causae perdunt vitam." 