I Somnambulist TAnvdovcvs. i A prisonorwas. (says the daily papers) recent jycbiivictod at Edinburgh of having, wliilo in a state of .aomnambulism, mur dered his child, and has sinco boon sot nt . liberty, ((1Casc3 of, this kind arc. voryraro/ but; assuming the ' somnambulism to bo clearly proved, there can bo littlp.quesUon'. of tho correctness of tho courso thus .adopted,: Dorubluth, the Gorinan psycho- logist, tolls of. a ydmig woman who in consequence :of 0 fright occasioned by nn attack of robbors, wassoizod with opilopsy and became subject - to somnninbulism. iWliilo in.; that condition- sho was in tho habit of stealing articles, and was charged With ithoft, but on the advice oUDornbhith' jWos released and evontually cured. Stelt- zor (cited in Wharton and StiUc) gives an 'account of.'a'.JsbinhainbuliBt who clam- bcrcd out of a garret window, do- scendediinto Tho next dioUso, and killed"' ft!;;ypmigu girl i who- was, .asleop: there. 'And jThe iisamo . learned 1 writers quote from Savarin an account of a'somhambii- list monk (rolnted to Savarin by tho prior" 'of 'the'/ convent whoro the' incident happened) The somnambulist entered thoichamber of -the 1 prior-; 1 his ' oybs woro open »tbut (fixed y v. :tno(« light" ; of uthoiitwo lamps raodo.no impression -upon liini ; liis foiituros were : contracted,' and - ho carriod in hia haud a largo knifo.' Going straight; to tlio>bcd, he had fint'the app'oarauce of= dxnmining if the prior was theroV " Ho then atruoki threo blows, 1 which -piorcud llm coverings nhd < oven t a mat which served; Uho 1 purpose- ofuat ihiittross. ' Iii returning his countenance was1 unbent,'' and was marked by. an air of satisfactioii. Tho next day the prior asked tlio som nambulist .what ho'thad droamt -of tho preceding < night, and thox latter > un-" swored that he had dreamt that his mother hadbeonkHIod by tho; prior, nnd that her ghost' had/ appeared to liiin do- manding yongcanco ; that at this sight lie was so trauspert(3d fl>y rage that .."ho bad imniodiatbly run to stub tho assassin of his mother. Savariii adds that if tho prior had boon killed, tho monk .could not possibly, under theso circiimstancos, have boon punished. . , . ; : .; - 