Our Circuit Customs (From the Leisure Hour.) Many of the old circuit customs are amongst the “things that were.” The writer, in an experience of not more than thirty years, can recollect when in every garrisoned town the soldiers could not leave their quarters without the leave of the judge had first been obtained, and to procure which the officer first in command, in “full fig,” with adjutant attending, waited at the judges’ lodging on the commission day for the requisite permission to loose his men from barracks. He presented to the judge for approval or alteration the table of rations accorded to the troops, and handed in the surgeon’s report as to the health of the soldiers. The late Lord Chief Justice Campbell some twenty years since passed a bill through Parliament which annulled this old custom. The Governor of Lancaster Castle and the Mayor of Lancaster, until recently, severally gave up their keys and staff of office to the assize judge when he visited that town; while both at Appleby and at Chester the judges resided during the assizes in the castles themselves, and every night, after locking up, the keys were brought to them as governors of the fortresses. Durham is now the only town in England which receives the judges into a castle, and a grand one, too, with accessories of ancient carved oak, tapestry, and most ghost-like state rooms. The Mayor of Banbury, accompanied by several members of the corporation, until lately presented themselves at the judges’ lodgings at Oxford, and offered the judges Banbury cakes, wine, six long clay pipes, and 1 lb of tobacco, accompanying the gift with many complimentary expressions. This custom has been recently discontinued. Until 1859 the ancient Corporation of Ludlow were accustomed to come to the door of the judges’ carriage, as they travelled by rail from Shrewsbury to Hereford, and to offer them cake and wine, the former upon an ancient silver salver, the latter in a “loving cup” wreathed with flowers. The late Mr Justice Hill, travelling the summer circuit in 1858, stopped this old English practise, by informing the Mayor of Ludlow, by previous letter, that, owing to the delay occasioned, her Majesty’s judges would not stop at Ludlow to receive the wonted hospitality. The mayor and corporation were offended and did not offer to renew the ancient courtesy. We observe; however, that Baron Huddlestone has revived the custom, and lunched in state with the Mayor of Ludlow on the recent Oxford Summer Circuit while travelling between Shrewsbury and Hereford. 