Tits relative atlvnntages of an old and a newly established G-ovoruuient are more equally balanced tliaii might appear at first sijjht; If -iifew1 institu tions are deficient in stability, they are at any rate free from1 abuses which, through long prescription, havo grown lllt.n rinrllfrfl. Tf o. nntnminiitw r\P f.Uia kind laclss experience, it is the more likely to be free from prejudices! Our institutions may be young shoots, but they are not smotnered in fungus. For most evils there is an easy remedy, for most errors a tolerably ready reparation, in a new country ; but terribly uphill is the work of those reformers who in the older States have to uproot abuses which have struck into the national soil during many generations, who have to assail' institutions'; upon which depend the influence or the wealth of the most powerful bodies in the State. We are moved to this comparison by the contemplation of some figures rela tive to the Church Establishment ! of England and 'Wales! It is only when the case is put in the vulgar but intelli gible form of, pounds, shillings, and ponce that we can realise the magnitude of that great ecclesiastical incubus which, having rapidly developed itsfelf since the Kef'ormation, is now ' a cdn tinual oft'euce, a standing injustice-' |to all other religious bodies. IVom an articlo by Mr. Arnold in the Nineteenth Century we learn that the estimated capital value of Church property in England is £183,503,050! The cost of disestablishment would be about £61,0J-l,06i, leaving a surplus to the nation of £122,461,986. It is with some difficulty that the imagination grasps the real meaning of such figures. But that they are approximately correct cannot be doubted : Mr. Abnold, indeed keeps studiously within. the ,mark in all his estimates. It is much more likely that the Church property would turn out to be worth more, than that it would prove to be worth less, than the enormous sum given above. This vast wealth, held by one religious body to the disadvantage of the rest, consists of various kinds. The Archbishops and Bishops hold 30,233 . acres of land, having an estimated rental of £4O,S5-1. The deans and chapters possess GS.S3S acres, with a rental of £136,4SS. Tho glebe lands are set down at 200,000 acres, with an annual value of £400,000; and the lands held by churchwardens and others are very moderately estimated at £21,000 a year. In the hands of Ecclesiastical Commissioners arel49,SS2 acres, with an annual rental of £311,207. Various other lands, woods and mines and the like, are returned at £361,SG0 a year. Then comes property other than landed. The bishops palaces are worth £12,400 a year ; the glebe houses, £750,000 ; Queen Anne's Bounty, £30,000; income of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners from other sources, £422,218 ; and tithes five millions a year. Altogether we get a yearly income from property of the Church of England amounting to £7,502,002. The capitalised value of this annual sum at twenty-five years' purchase amounts to £1S3,5O3,O5O. Twenty-five years' purchase may seem an extravagant estimate to colonists^ but it is in reality very moderate, siuce this kind of property in England usually fetches considerably more. The cost of compensating the 'noble army of, martyrs' (the clergy are about 25,000 strong) who would be dises tablished, is' given by Mr. Arnold dt £61,041,004 : This sum wouldbediyideid thus : — bishops, deans, and other- dig nitaries, £3,440,000; beneficed clergy, £34,088,264 ; curates . and ,' other clergy,' £9,012,800 ; church and cathe dral officers, i £6,000,000 ; purchase of allowances, £3,000,000 ; private endow ments, £5,000,000; expenses of dis establishment, £500,000. ???? '?*?''' j These figuresmust strike the unpre judiced observer as 'singularly apostolic. How, admirably they harmonise with the first precepts addressed by the Head of the .Christian Church to his followers : — ' Take nothing for your journey/ neither staves; nor scrip', neither l bread, neither, money, neither have two coats apiece.' The propensity of tho modern ecclesiastic to ' look after number one' has long ago been made manifest. But it is not easy to realise the propensity of. the Church to accu mulate until one is confronted with these terrific figures. We may. : re mark that the estimate takes no account of .recent endowments, churches built byj subscription and the like. Personal endowments are not counted if the donor be alive, and no endowment by subscrip tion1 is taken into account since the passing of the first Church Building Act in 1818. The one' hundred and eighty-three millions are in the strictest sense .of the word Church property, and therefore State property. The power which this immense wealth confers in it self suppliesasufficientarguinent against placing tho rest of the community at Buch a disadvantage. The wealth itself, however, has been largely accumulated at the expense of other sect's. It is the result of generations of confiscation, intolerance, and persecution. The his tory of this property is written in blood. That injustice of old standing cannot be redressed without working still greater injustice is true enough as re gards individuals. The rule, however, has no application to corporate bodies. So long as individual rights are res pected and provided for, there is not in single substantial plea against tho re moval of thii huge representative of in equality, this vast monument of injustice, and unreason. That such a consumma tion , will, .be brought about, cannot be doubted, though the time is not yet. The operation will, doubtless, be a stu pendous one, but the precedent 'of the, Irish Church will greatly assist^, the statesman who may undertake the task. Mr. Gladstone's ..Irish. Church Act of lSGO.has proved a triumphant success; and the disestablishment of the' English Church -will onlybethe same process on a larger , scale. ? ,' ? .;.; The Rev. It. W. Dale, of Birmingham, made a trip to the United States last year, and is giving the result of his impressions of the people — their social and political pecularities — in a series of articles in the- Nineteenth, Century. Mr.' Dale is a politician and ardent social reformer, as well as a ministet; ol' religion1; he possesses' a 'keen,' clear intellect, a habit of acute observation, and a logical faculty which enables him to make the right and the best use , of such facts aa fall in his way ; therefore his ' impressions of America' arewell worth reading and thinking over afterwards. They throw valuable side lights on many subjects of special interest to colonists in this part of the world. People who are helping to form a State always feel more interest in what is being done and how it is being'dbne'in another young State than they can pos sibly do in the continued social and political development of a society that is the result of a thousand years' growth under altogether different conditions and influences. Many of the problems now in process of solution in the 'United States are just such as are already begin ning to arise in these colonies, and a clear insight into,, the way they are being worked out— or are working them selves out— there, will materially, assist us here— if we know how to put such knowledge' to the best use. In this sense Mr. Dale's article in the April number of the review named gives some valuable hints on the subject of pro tection as developed in America. I A Birmingham philosophical Radical visiting America would be sure to keep his eyes and ears well open, so as to learn all he possibly could about how protection worked there, what the more intelligent people thought of it, and what new arguments, if any, could be urged in support of it. It was inevitable, therefore, thnt Mr. Dale should devote careful attention to these matters. He tells us he bad long discussions with several of his American friends on the subject of free trade, and was disappointed- to find that the advo cates and defenders of prohibition had to fallback entirely on the 'old econo mical fallacies which in England have been finally exploded.' He says, with just a touch of quiet scorn, that ' the unquiet ghosts of Lord George Ben-tick's speeches are still 'walk ing' in Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey.' Had his friends assumed that in tho absence of protective duties nearly all forms of manufacturing industry would bo un profitable, nnd that the whole people would have to devote themselves to growing buckwheat and indiau corn, and to raising pigs, he could have felt some respect for their arguments, although ho would have denied their soundness. To go back to Lord George Ben tiok's speeches — to have nothing newer or truer than those exploded fallacies to offer — was simply lamentable. But they could not support prohibition on the ground that it was necessary to rescue national life and character from the dull monotony which would follow from uniformity of occupation, for, in point of fact, American manufacturing industry is proving abundantly profit able, and more than holding its own in the foreign markets of the world. Mr. Dale says: — ? The Lowell manufacturers -who are aghnst at tho prospect of ' Free Trade, are actunlly sending cotton-cloth to Manchester ; and in American retail stores cotton gooda are marked at a lower . price than that at which goods of the same qualitv could he sold in Liverpool or London. It is the same with other manu facturing-industries of America. The manu facturers of hardware who think that they would havo to shut up their works if the duties on English goods were abolished, aro beating us in market after market, from Hamburg to Melbourne. . In Birmingham itself merchants are importing from the United States Buch artioles ? as axes, hayforks, arid agricultural implements of nearly every description, Bash pulliee and small castings of very many kinds, although it is estimated that freight and other expensesiadd. 17 or 18,per cent, to the cost of the goods. . - , We give this quotation as it stands in the article,, for. the,, purpose of show ing two fallacies which the protection ists in this part' of the world are never weary' of -reiferatiiig'.'-' Gne'of these is that protection as necessary on the establishment of new' industries, but that after they are firmly established nobody is so unreasonable as to demand its continuance. But here we have the beBt possible proof that the persons whose industrial enterprises are once protected are never willing to admit, and never will admit, that they can do without such help. On the contrary, the more rigidly industries are pro tected, and the longer such protection is continued the more clamorous is the demand for it, and the more plausible arfe some of the arguments for main taining the system'.' ?? In Melbourne, at the present time, ; for instance, the argument which frightens'Free Traders most is, that an enormous amount of capital has been invested in building's and machinery for carrying on various industrial undertakings in the reason able expectation that the protective tariff which has been established would be continued; to withdraw protection now would be to ruin these capitalists, throw vast numbers of workpeople out of employment, and, in fact, disarrange the whole industrial mechanism of the colony. The longer: protection is continued in Victoria' 'the greater force there will .he. in this' 'argument. An induntryltbat. is ifeaVed under . pro tection is; like a plant i grown, in a hot house; the longer it.i remains under such artificial condition1 the less able it is to flourish in the open air subject to the elementSj^and^onl^ obtaining such support and 'nourishment as nature provides. The only, safe course in the establishment of hew' industries is to leave them to the' ceTre'bf those who are ready and willing to engage in them ; the only_ protection tho State ought to afford is to remove all obstructions from the path of fhose who undertako the enterprise, and let them, havo a fair field and no favour. ..But we also quoted Mr. Dale to meet a fallacy raised by another set of protectionists — men who affirm that they are really Eree Traders, who aro always quoting that odd paragraph from Mill's ' Principles of ? Political Economy' in favour of temporary pro tection to manufacturing industries in a new state ; and who triumphantly point to the success of the manufacturing in dustries of the. United States- in proof of the correctness of their views. Here again Mr. Dale supplies a inost conclu sive answer, and we give it in his own words as condensation would only mar their force and effect. He says : — ?Spite ot their tariff, the Americans may bo (mid to enjoy tho advautages of free trade more largoly than any other nation in tho world. They are a confederation of States extending over a territory that stretches from tho Atlantic to the Pucific, and from the tropics through nearly twenty-five degreeB of latitude. These states, possessing every variety of climato and of soil, rich in forests, in corn-land, in pasture, and in mines, are separated from each other noitherby differences of language, nor by differences of Government, nor by differences of currency. No line of Custom-houses divides Estate from state ; their commercial intercouse is absolutely unrestricted. Tho Americans, therefore, argue that what might bo ruinous for England may be safe for themsolves. It ib obvious, however, that the very wealth and variety of their inter nal resources destroy ovfry possible economical argument for prohibition. This is undoubtedly the real secret of the wonderful industrial development in the United States under a protec tive tariff, which in many instances practically amounts to prohibition. The success is due to the operation of the true principles of l?ree Trade on a scale sufficiently large to render them effec tive. ? Protection is not and never has been 'a necessity there, but having been once established, .those who profit by it are not willing to give it up., and they are powerful enough to resist all attempts of the kind. This is the moral of the lesson. taught by the develop ment of protection in America. ? 