COTTNTRY CORRESPONDENCE. NAIRNE, March 12. IjSsi weea several temaies were very nearly terrified out of their wits by a ' ghost* seen several nights consecutively, and this week the DerformaTii-ft still ('nntinnf-s. The iniuersonator of the ghost has not yet been trapped, but some smart hands are ' on the look- out. If they catch him woe betide him! On Monday, March 11, tea and_ public meetings in connection with the anniversary of the Wesleyan Sunday-school were held here. Both were well attended, and the proceeds amounted to about £11. The Revs. T. C. Laurence and H. T. Pope delivered appropriate addresses in the evening, and on the previous day (Sunday) the Rev. Mr. Laurence preached a sermon to his congregation, in which he earnestly recommended a stricter observance of Christian duty and a more frequent attendance at Sunday prayer meeting. The late rains have been followed by sultry, and threatening weather, and there are indi cations of more rain. ; ..-...?: ♦ WATERLOO, March 13. The late rains have done a great deal of good . in this neighbourhood, but more would be ac- ceptable. Ophthalmia; is still very prevalent in the dis- trict, especially amongst children. Our public schools are being much affected by the removal of settlers generally to the areas. . Two have been closed — one at Tothill's Belt and the other at Steelton. The attendance at the school in the township has been reduced from 55 to about 35, and many German children have been withdrawn to the German school for sec- tarian teaching. Ou Monday, March 4, a promising lad about 11 years of age, the youngest son of Mr. Hameisterj fell from the inside of a building, while he was _assisting in thatching it, on to some stones. He was attended by Dr. Walls, who was of opinion that he had sustained frac ture of the base of the skull. He lingered till Saturday, the 9th inst., and was buried on Mon day last Our Institute has just received a grant of 45 well-selected volumes from the South Austra lian Institute, which is to form a nucleus for our library. It is to be hoped the neighbour hood will avail itself of the opportunity thus afforded for mental recreation and improvement. TELOWIE, March 7. The rains which fell at the beginning of the week have proved of incalculable benefit to the farmers, and ploughing and grubbing are now being carried on in real earnest. The soakage has ? been; very considerable, the water having penetrated some of the hardest soil in this neighbourhood to the depth of 7 or 8 inches. The bay is at present a beautiful sight, there being in it as many as six large ships loading breadstuffs. They will take a long time to load, as it is a long distance from Port Pirie to the anchorage and is a great deal nearer this place or Mount Fergusson. If there was a jetty greater expedition would be given to shipping. But vested interests have and will continue to carry the day. 1 fancy the Commissioner will soon have an additional claim for the land funds to be expended in clearing the road from here to Port Pirie, for beyond what the settlers have done themselves no provision has been made for repairing it. 