SPORTS AND AMIUSEIIENTS. Siando our last summary was published. tih committee of the Tamanhan Turf Club -have hold amelting at which it was decided to hold the next Lauuceston races on the 19th, 20th, nnd 21st February. Tho programme will bo much the same m as et year, and the meeting is to extend over threo days as usual. The Cup Is to have'250 sors. added, and a trophy valued at £1t0, but some minor ovents have been slightly reduced. Many think a wle discretuin' would have boon exercised bad the meeting been con fined to two days, as tihe money added in not enough for a three-days' meeting.. - On the 7th August the noceptances wore made for the great Australian raclng event of thoyear \--theo' Melbourne Cup when no less thon 75 hetes accepted. Mollita hIy the English Tim Whilflor, and onn inmate of Wilson's stible, Geoloug, is the first favorite for the Cup. - SThoe acing eason maybe o'?sd to halve 'com r mouced with' the Hawkesbury (N.S.mV.)shet. intg, whlclh took place last week. The tIlwkee. lbury Gulnean (n stake In itsoearing upon coining events somewhat analogous' to the =Two Theoounnd ln England, thoughl nothing near as rich) .was won'by Mr EDo Ieatro's llis ,Lard 1 ship by The Mlarquis, a son of Stockwell;' and winorso! tho'Doncaster St. Leger of 1862. The o'ier Imn ortint event-the HlawkesburyGrmnd ~ Handina e-was?won by Mr Loder's The Dean, a so of Yattoiden. 1? t o .In aquatics there Is little doing, The Irobarb Town Iegatta Committee have held a meeting. Ti at which it wu suggested that the annual re -atta should be hel in February instead of December. The suggestion is likelyto be carried O out. A sculling match has been arranged for £100 asidebetweenLaycock,ofN.S.W.,aodMlesenger, o a son of the former champion of the Thames. I The match it to take place on the Paramatta a River, near Sydney, and is exciting some in crest in aquatic circles. f A football match between eighteen of the Launceston Football Club, and twenty of the Horton College team, took place on Saturday last on tihe latter club's ground. The Collegians t were defeated, as threy did not secure a goal. A series of pigeon shooting matches took plaoe nt Caertk on August 25. The principal event. the Champion Cup, value £10, with a sweep of 1 £1, was won by Mr W. H. Valentineo, who killed eight birds out of nine. Coursing has now taken firm root in Tasmania, and on the 21st and 22nd August the inaug'ural meet of the Northern Tasmanian Club was hleld. The coursing took place at Bishopsbourne, prin eilily on tihe estate of Enfield (thle property of Vs. Field, Esq.), one of the vice-patrons of the club. The running ground was of first class descriptioa, and hares were numeroas, so there fore it was not to he wondered that the meeting was the most successful that has been held in Tasmanis. There was a good attendance of spoc tators, all of whom had a fine view of every course, a great advactage. The stake run nit was a twenty-four dlog one, called tihe Enleld Stakes, and the prizes were as follows :-W-innor, £20; runner up, £10; third dog. £0; three dogs£3oach. Dr. tockctt's tosic,by Royal Water (a son of the famous Cauld Kail) was the winner; while Mr John Joyce's Lanoma, by Claverhouse -Miss Ieller, was the runner up. Mr Conner, from Victoria, acted as judge, and Mr E. Rlead ing, a well known locald coursing man, oflleiated as honorary slipper. The club, after aiying all eapeunse, will have a fair balance to tihe good, and next year it is proposed to hold two or three meetings, as the season terminates to-day. In tice way of amusements we have hlad a visit from three companies, while two concerts have been given by our local musical societies. Manster Ernest Hutchinson (better knoewn as the Infant Mozart) and troupe opened at the liechnics' Institute on AugustlJ9. The Infant Mozart is a juvenile pianist of undoubted clever noses, and, indeed for his age, the child is a wonder, his musical gifts being of ia rare and extraordinary description. The company did a fair business, and are now playing in the capital. A unique aid really clever entertainment, under the title of D'Arcy Rcad's Ghost, opened at the Pavilion, Public Gardens, but was not extensively patronised - the out.of-the-way locality being a great drawback at this tice of the year. On the 20th, Clark's Onaletyrou e, consist ing of five performers, commenced a sbort season of a week, and have been fairly patronised. On August (ith, a complimentary concert was given to -lerr Carl Schmitt, the conductor of the Launceston Choral Society, by his friends and pupils. The concert was a successful one, and was well attended. On August 14 the Launcestoun Musical Union gave their thirty-third iporforcae. The? l ,ro gramme was a selection from five oratorios "Nanamen," "Creation," "St. Paul," "Elijahl," and "Messinh "--and Ir A. Wallace was, as usual, conductor. The selections were rendered in a manner worthy of the Society's reputatioo, and served to introlduce two new singera--Miss lose Pantou and Mr F. Burke. "- - - 