OUR AMUSEMENTS. Theatre Royal. The popular Treasurer of this theatre, Mr. J. Booty, was welcomed on Saturday last by a very large attendance who, from the manner in which the burlesque, " The Miller and khis Men," with Mr. Booty as Ravina, the neglected one, was received, shewed their appreciation of the performance. Mr. Punch is glad to be in a position to assure the public that Mr. Booty achieved a most unqualified success, and was not, as certain Press notices has signified has been his fate upon pre vious occasions, " run out " by an excited audience, neither were the services of the police or fire-brigade required. On Good Friday evening Mrs. Scott-Siddons gives sacred readings, to be followed by a sacred concert. Mr. Lazar announces as an Easter attraction the appearance of a very charming and popular burlesque artiste, Miss Lydia Howarde, in Byron's extravaganza, " Ivanhoe. " Victoria Theatre. So much as already been said about the various impersonations of Mr. Creswick, and so much written upon the subject, more or less eulogistic as to that very clever artiste's interpretations, that it would be a work of supererogation to enter at length upon a criticism of the various roles undertaken by him. This — the 95th night of his appear ance in Sydney — Mr Creswick appears as Benedick in " Much Ado about Nothing." On Saturday evening Henry IV., with the star as Falstaff — his first appearance in that character — is to be produced. The Queen's Theatre. After a most successful season, during which " Our Boys " has held its own against all other attractions, Mrs. Scott-Siddons announces her benefit for this (Thursday) evening, when she appears as Rosalind, in Shakespeare's fine comedy, "As you Like it," supported by Mr. G. D. Chaplin as Jacques. Guild Hall. D'Arcy Read's Ghost and the Chinese Phantom Dance continue to attract large houses at the Guild Hall. The more they are seen the better are they appreciated, judging from the increased attendance. Horticultural. Has any one been to see Mr. S. Cohen's magnificent collection of flowers at his George Street Warehouse ? If not, a great loss has been sustained by the non- visitors. Plants of all descriptions, with any amount of crack-jaw names that would puzzle a Dr. Hooker, are to be seen there daily, and they possess one or two queer qualifica tions — they are perpetually in flower, never require water, and are perfectly scentless. One would almost imagine them to be artificial were it not for the well-known integrity of the very urbane and genial proprietor. 