0 NVERSATIONS IN AN ANGLICAN PARSONAGE. [How WoolcnmBurifer got its soul saved.— Mr. Arebie Rover comes to live at Sarafield Cottage, and converses with the Bev. Mr. Bnbrio.] The parsonage of Wooloamanrifer is wellknown to all my esteemed readers the residence of the Bev. Mr. Rubric, M.A., of Christ Church. Situated the banks of the {§ River Colo, where that deep broad stream was turned from its direct southerly course by the rocky ledge that stretohed aotoss its path, and forced it in an easterly direction. From 'all we have seen or heard of him, Mr. Rubric stands before us as a highly respect able member of his profeasion. He was a good scholar and horticulturist. He had a fair knowledge of farming, and management of oattle. He was given to hospitality, and be preached exoellent sermons. He attentive to all the dnties imposed on him by his " ordination vows." He was rather reserved in his intercourse with his parish' ioners; but his manner was so kind, and his look so pleasant, that his reserve only gained him a greater respect. He was diligent in visiting 2 the siok and;, afflicted, and his interference in the magisterial affairs of the township {was 'always on the; side o( mercy and right. Mr. Rubric^ had grown with the growth of the township, and when we first made his acquaintance, he was one of the longest dwellers in Wooloumaurifer. Old Mr. Audit and Mr. Fleeoe were before him; bnt the police-magistrate, the warden, the resident surgeon, and many others had oome after him. He had oome into Woolcumanrifer in the palmy days oi sheep- farming, and his churoh, St. Ethelburg's, was built 20 years before any of the Protestant " sects" had oome out of the shell and began to chirp for themselves. Episoopsoy had oome to be regarded as in some way the original old established creed of Wooloumaurifer. For the first 10 years of his incumbency Mr. Rubric had the saving of its souls all to himself, and the name and influence of the Anglican Church had sprung up and overshadowed its religious sentiment, and come home to, the minds of the parishioners as sufficiently capable of saving their souls. But the times of this blissful ignorance were not to last for ever. Woolcumaurifer's soul was to be saved in a style superior to the easy going jog-trot way in which the Anglican Church went about the work. A Scotch pedlar, who had settled down into a stationary soft- goods man,began to mourn over the absence of the Solemn League and Covenant, and longed to see a Kirk and a Manse, and a minister, and deaoons, and a precentor of the Westminster Catechism type holding up their hands in Wooloumaurifer. The Church of England was only a dish, of sour iowent, and couldn't keep Woolcumaurifer's soul alive much longer, and Kirk and Manse arose as if by a rub of Aladdin's lamp; and the ghost of Jane Geddes no longer grieved at the mixing up of the Lord's (Scotch) people with the Anglioan formalists in Mr. Rubrio's tent of Kedar, the English Chnrch of St. Ethelburg. As soon as the kirk was opened Mr. Rubric missed about 20 of his floating congregation, mostly young people, and all Sootch, who attended his church for the sake of the flirtations that arose out of the walk to and fro. They said, indeed, tbat Mr. Rubrio didn't preaoh as well as he used to, and, in faot, after the Scots' Kirk came, his preaching was slightly tinged with such gentle cautions against false views of Predestination and Final Perseverance, as a polite gentleman in a pulpit speaking to a drowsy congregation ight be expected to give. Bat the uprising of the Soots' Kirk awakened the dormant enthusiasm of a WeBleyan shoemaker from Yeadon, and of a Cornish miner, both of whom had been lucky on the diggings. These, without knowing it, and without knowing what it was, took Arminian views, as the early numbers of the Arminian Wesleyan Magazine taught them, of Calvinistic doctrine, and they mourned together over the sad state the souls of Woolonmaorifer were in. With the sleepy drone oi the Anglioan prayer-book: on one side, and the Geneva drawl on the other, Bonis were perishing in Woolcumanrifer, and " The Conference" must come to their rescue. John Wesley's joy in heaven was darkened by the distressing look he sometimes cast down on township whose souls were left to the awkward saving of an Anglican parson and a Soot's minister. So the shoemaker subscribed £100, and the Cornish miner £50, and the Jut went round, and in 18 months toe first «tone of a Wesleyan preaching-house, or church, was laid. In a year it was roofed in and ready, and class meetings were formed, and the. " penny a week and shilling a quarter" system organised, and thevealsof Wooloumaurifer were no longer in peril either from Foseyism «r Calvinism. Wesley had iaited them. Mr. Bnbrio lost some 30 ccasional listeners by ,i the'.WeBleyan nauguration ; but Sir. Rubric was* very popular Still in Woolotunaurifer and the " boss cockatoo*" and the htitelkeepers rallied round him by sending their wives and daughters more regularly to church at St. Ethelburg. And now Dir. Rubric achieved a great episcopalian suooess. He and Mr. Stationmaster, and four other wealthy squatters put down £260 each, and bought an organ and erected a handsome organ gallery, and a choir was collected, and the really fine singing and music brought hearers from all quarters, and St. Ethelburg's was crowded on Sundays, while Sawney Scratch, the Scots' precentor, and Jabez Snob, tbe Wesleyan " local-preacher," sneered and wondered what would become of the poor immortal souls that "went down the road " instead of .going " across the bridge." Going down the road meant going to Mr. Rubric's ohurch, and going across the bridge [meant going to the Scots' and Wesleyan churches, which were on the opposite side of the river. How strange it is that one Protestant sect, preaching the same " bible " can never feel cock-sure of the salvation of another Protestant sect, though preaching the self-same "bible," and the same Christ, and the same way of salvation. They are always mutually in fear that each other's soul will be lost. The holy competition in the soul saving trade at Woolcumanrifer was now fairly going in favour of Mr. Rubrio's organ. The organ spoke a language tbat everyone exoept a Scotch preoentor could understand. The majestic swell of the " Old Hundredth," set to Martin Luther's very Bpirit- stirring music, couldn't be mistaken. It touched the hearts and appealed to its devotional fibres, and compelled all who heard it to fee) for the minute that they were elevated at least two inohes nearer heaven while that grand burst of melodious thunder rolled over their beads, and quivered round them with its sonorous eobo, making the obureh ring again with its trumpet stop and full pedal finale. From the steps of the Sootch churoh, and from the poroh of the Wesleyan preaobing- house, the view of the parish, as regarded the saving of its soul, Was getting gloomy. That hew organ would be the " demnition" of many. How could any soul ever be saved if it sang one of the psalms of David iii concert with gilded pipes of an instrument so much used in "Romish ohurohes," and still retained in the Anglican Church. Another reformation was wanted. Three hundred, reformations in three hundred years had really dime nothing, if organs were still to blow the Bpiritnal brains out of people. But the organ blew sweeter and sweeter, and louder and louder, and, from the Sootch point of view, was sending souls to the de lightful as fast as the organist could finger it, when a sad accident occurred. The " bellowsblower" of the triumphant instrument of Satan sat too long at the Kaftgaroo Club tap the night he received his half- year's wages, and was picked up the next morning dead drunk on Woolcumaurifer bridge. As the great enemy of mankind would have it, the morning was Sunday morning, and the scandal was immense. So immense was it, that it induced an Independent, or Congregational, schoolmaster, lately come into the township, to exert himself and obtain the services of a pastor before all Wooloumaurifer went bodily down into the bottomless pit. And after many delays and hindrances, the right soul saver at lafet descended from the skies in the lorm of the Bev. Mepbibosheth Olirereo Cromwelli, and what tbe Church of England couldn't do, and what the Scotch Churoh wouldn't do, and what the Wesleyan Church shouldn't do, was now to be done byithe Congregational pastor, for, they said, he had a voice that -would completely drown Mr. Rubrio's organ, and thus give the poor souls that had been enticed by its rich diapason a last chance pf salvation. Bat Wooloumaurifer wasn't safe aa to its soul even now. The Church of England couldn't save it. The Church of Sootland couldn't sufficiently save it. The Wesleyans couldn't save it. The Independents couldn't save it. Wooloumaurifer was still in as much danger of losing its soul as ever. Evidently a door was opened, and a call from God was heard for. tbe " Baptists" (so called because they don't baptise their ohildren) to advance and drive Beelzebub out of Wooloumaurifer, and secure its everlasting happiness. But even with all tbis formidable array against him, the arch foe was still in possession, and who but the "Beardies" could dislodge him. No one but'' Christian Israelites" knew even the ABC of soul savinjg. Now, as travellers tell, there is in the city of Dublin a happy region enviably known as " The Liberty and I have to take the liberty to state that Mr. Michael Audit, contractor, of Clontarf House, Wooloumaurifer, drew his first breath in "The Liberty." His father devoted his energies to the duty of carrying *a hod up a very long ladder. Getting the offer of a good job in Cork, Mr. Micky Audit, sen., emigrated from the Liberty, and squatted on the banks of the Slaney, and thence sfet sail for London. Having ""saved a few pounds" ii London he further emigrated to Sydney, and in the days when the best land was to be had as a gift, he settled down in'Wooilcumaurifer as a contractor. * He /wafi a shrewd, steady man; with very'fienaer'skill in the three R'sybnt without this skill he built, or re-built, the Anglican churoh, the new bridge, the Kangaroo Ulub Hotel, the Scot's - ohurch,.. i jjxo , T iWggfivaa. - churcjx, tbe Independent' weathjer^Md/hurcta, and half the houses in W<wonmaBr^er r It need hardly be saidtfiat Mrt^ *™"*.he was generally - called,- i property and a stiff 'ob^kfWwf « last a message * toe was laid on bis deathbed,tt^M^J®*. Bom f months,; W s o J ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ f t . his only eou. Jbe-r M'Cafiry, toother «• Iabbrtv bov » .u out in the same ship with Mint * to see his old Mr. Audit, «I often wish I hafl e a °» years i Haven't been twenty times ./i, and death isn't far off." ••TO^V ,^88 - build a chapel," said Peter" 5 « Old Audit suddenly started up'Tom m noha.r In w which ? lon , as he was reolining, r e o l and m iflin„ ^ f e he long pipe he held in , his Ma fingers - dbwnoi d^, 8 the lender, he exclaimed, « G i oforgive d „ me , I've built chapels for a dozeitffhZTl 1 of them, an u the neverthooghtof word, Peter."'"fn":;;' my own. it^ VmZiZlLf. ^ Before i* died the " ci.^pel" wae sofar , *!?' that Mats could be .aid in it!an dZZT* who for years had almost forgot^1? disowned their religion, came in » 0r the bush, and the" bishop pVV'?® robes, and the adorable &oL; ^ elevated, and the voice of Cbi7 one true Church was heard ih that fai! township toying the eelf-same Mass that? Peter had said in Jerusalem, and ffi* and Roto and declaring the'wholelS of God for the salvation of man m G-S™ self had appointed and commanded AiSl the Babel sounds of all the c^teaS ?^r° Un iJi er ' , th6 CathoHe cfi Wted- hOTaaciBirtwidangelic song,andaS Ohrw, that gladdened tbe shepherfThft^ starry midnight on the fields at Bethlehem was chanted in Woolcumaurifer '< P aDa » said Miss Rubric with a very serious hi to Mr Rubnc, « Miss Audit was tellm* ™ yesterday, when I called, that their iZ church is to be opened to-morrow, and the Catholic bishop is coming." "You mean the Roman Catholic bishop, my love " said Mr. Rubric. "Of course, papa; bit von know we call him the Catholic bishop" in contradistinction to our own bishop." "lf ow you two are always disputing about Catholic and Roman Catholic, and Anglo-Catholic I wish you would go on with your breakfast before it grows cold," said Mrs. Rubric. " The end of it will be that some of you will go to Rome yet before you stop" Mr. and MiSB Rubric laughed heartily at pamma'B quaint gravity of tone, and then prooeeded to discuss the question if Mr, Rubric Bhould leave bis card or call on this Catholio bishop, whose creed was identical with that of the Roman Pontiff. The 9 Gorham riot in the Anglican Church had intensified the interest in the "Oxford Movement" jnst then. The Bev. Charles Cornelius Gorham, B.D., of Queen's College, Cambridge, was vicar of St. Jnst. The Lord Chancellor of England presented him to the vicarage of Bramford Spcke, in Devonshire. Dr. Phillpotts, Bishop of Exeter, refused to admit him to the living. Mr. Gorham, as a loyal man, appealed to the Qneen; the Queen referred the matter to the Privy Council; tbe Council decided against the bishop, and Mr. Gorbam got the living, which he held for seven years, and then died in 1857 at the age of seventy. Mr. Rubric had been class-fellow with Mr. Gorham, at Cambridge, and therefore entered into the contest with peouliar vivaoity. Being a mild, High churchman himself, he greatly regretted that he had " gone against his bishop" Tbe bishop held and taught tbat all who receive the Sacrament of Baptism rightly are regenerated, and he quoted the Nicene Creed to prove that such was tbe belief of tbe Catholic Church at tbe time of the Council of Nice, id. 325. Mr. Gorham said the Catholic Churoh was wrong, and his bishop wrong, and tbat regeneration is not always conferred in baptism. Mr. Archie Rover was at tea with Mr. Rubric. Tea bad been brought into tbe library. On the library- table lay the London Times and various home papers full of Mr. Gorham's case. The conversation soon took that direction. " For my part," said Mr. Rover, and speaking as a Catholic, " I can't see what difference it makes about the baptism until both parties are agreed upon and assert the more fundamental doctrin'e.' "Why, what'doctrine can be more funda« mental than baptism? It is the very basis of our Christian life," said Mr. Rubric, looking surprised. "Dr. Piellpotts and Mr. Gosham should first agree upon The Incarnation," said Mr; Rover. "The Incarnation is the basis of Christianity." "But they do hold the Incarnation," said Mr. Rubrio. "Then, if they do, they must acknowledge Mary, the Ever Blessed Virgin, as the ' Mother of God,'" replied Mr. Rover, Mr. Rubric evidently winced and looked uncomfortable, and at last very calmly, hut firmly, said, " Mary was the mother of the human nature of " here he paused as if afraid to finish tbe Bentence, and then added, '! She was the mother of Christ. ' "But •was not Christ God?" aBked Mr. Rover. " Yes, Burely," replied Mr. Rubrio.' " Well, then, if Christ was God, Mary was his mother, and, of ooorse, mother of (rod, as the General Council of Epheaus declared her to be." " But counoils may err," said Mr. Rubric. " Ton know «e Anglioans hold tbat ;Eoumenical Councils may err." But your Pxoiestant Churoh professes tb receive the decrees of tbe four first General Councils," said Mr. Rover, "aoa EphesuB wis one of the ' four. The Council of Epheeus against Eutyches decided that Mary was Theolakoi. What is th? lfexittm meaning'of Theotakos Mr. Rubric looked nnesBy. and said, " It means ' Ota who hrmiffht forth God?"' "Wbyi then, said Mr- Boveri " do you nbt call her the mother "of ; God, as the General Council y<m profess to Teoognise iippointa ? If she did ( not bring f >rih God, there was no In carnaion • and Christ wa? not : God_, and yont . whole Anglioan systbm is a delusion.'' ^ September, 1878. lusion.'' Fmotkibe. ' 