THE SPIDEB OF DOXTON. [?] Nature never allows us to trifle with her, and what with headache and conscience chidings, Mr. Jones did not seem the meat blissful ef mortals at breakfast time ; but Tom Barnard's nrescrintion. the sal lan t behaviour of hisfriends. who said they would see him through it, and, lastfy. the affectionate reception accorded by Mrs. Jones, who was so sorry he had been on well, and asked Tom Barnard if he did not think he over-excited himself, all sufficed to recover Mr Jones, and towards evening he was himself again. The weather was anything but warm ; but, all the same, it had been a hot day at the house of Dr. Smallbois. Judging from old experience, the doctor had thought it advisabfeto make himself an absentee. He had returned once in a tower- ing passion, fer he had encountered his fellow- practitioner, Curtis, who made a communication which evoke! the following words : — Never mind ! Would not let yon see her, eh? Now, look here, CurtiB ; I've said yon shall have her, and have her you Drop in to- night, and have a glass of wine with me, fer I'm in a hurry bow.' They shook, hands and parted, the doctor re turning home, to bang the doors and flourish abont ; but no one took any notice then, Mrs. Smallbois was not in a state for fanning, with that dinner on her mind, so he put it off for a time, and issued forth, bland, fat, and smiling, as if he had not a eare npon his soul. Poor little Mary had heard him, though, and trembled; for she had overheard his words twice that day — the doctor being given to thinking aloud — and she shuddered as she thought of troubles to come — troubles which she knew to be impending. Twice she was on the point of speaking to her mother, mid once she was for writing to beg Mr. Barnard not to come ; but evening arrived, and she had done neither. In fact, it was dangerous to approach Mrs. Smallbois on dinner-party days ; and that day in particular she had spent iu " flying at' the ser- TrnnfiS SIta xxrsta alarhua nf f.ho Anininn fkaf fltmr ' wanted her to look after them' — her own words — and, as a good mistress, she tried to supply that want, by descending, to the nether regions at all sortB of unexpected times. Ab to fol lowers, there was not a maid who dared even to have her cousin upon the premises ; for, so sure as the young man' did obtain entrance, Mrs. Smallbois must have smelt him, or else kuown of his presence by some strange affinity, which caused her to feel that she was wanted, to form one in a tableau of shamefaced lover, weeping maid, and furious mistress. Wanted, too, Mrs. Small bois used to consider herself, late at night in kitchen cupboards and drawers, and many was the amatory or hunger driven black beetle that came to an untimely end beneath her broad foot. Strange discoveries, too, she would make in re cesses that should have been devoted to dusters, > or knives and forks, such as well-read weekly numbers, - golden cream fer the hair, looking- glasses, cosmetiques, pads, face-powder, half- worn chignons, and fancy embroidery — princi- pally black worsted stockings in a state of darn ing. Little cared she for the fate of hero or heroine, although her daughters condescended to change magazines with the maidens ; and at last, to escape the flames, everything in the shape of a book had _ to be kept for safety squeezed flat in the big fish- kettle that never was used. Mrs. Doctor meant business that night, and she had not studied expense ; for, as she said, what were a few pounds when you were settling two or three eirls for life ? There was no Mrs. Scolder iioi>a ftnl AVAroiKinff.wM .waii nn fn fko wi«1r — - - ""J B " "" > ready for placing upon the table. The prepar ations, too, were magnificent — best sperm can dles, new dinner service — mustard and white,' bought on credit at the new china shop : young married folks, where ths doctor might be called in — best knives and forks, ditto table linen, the whole ef the plate, with a small tub and tea cloths in the surgery ready for washing up as it was nsed. In short, everything was perfection. Chapter XXIIL — A Happy Meeting. The hour was at hand, and Mrs Doctor sat in the unchintzed drawingroom, with afeoe ss red as her flame- coloured moite, trimmed with swans- down ; for she had helped a little in the cook ing, and the preparations had been very exoiting. But now she was cooling Herself With her fan, and listening for tbe sound of coming wheels. 'Gracious, child, you look like a little ghost I she exclaimed, as, all in white, Mary crept into the room. ' Oh ! mamma, dear,' said Mary, trembling, ' may I say a few words to you ?' ' Is tbere anything wrong with the dinner ?' said mamma, severely. ' No,' said Mary, gently. ' Then I won't hear a word till to-morrow- no, not a syllable. Hush ! There, go and sit down — I've other things to think about. Mary essayed to speak ohoe more, only feebly though, when she was silenced; and in a, state of nervous exoitement, she cowered on one of the settees, with her hands clasped in almost an agony of dread. Let me see,' mused Mrs. Dootor, asshemade her three rings twinkle — one diamond, two nasfce. the former beiner much tha smallest : and. strangely enough,, the only ene that would bents off when they were admired. 'Let me See: first course — no, soup first— oxtail— I- hope that ereature won't let it barn. It did teste good.' Here the lady draw forth her highly- soented cambric, and wiped her lips, lest any might Have stayed thereon. _ . Brills and smelts. Now I wonder what be come of that other smelt— the eat, of oourse 1 Fourcntrdes : oatietej rissoles, mashed potatoes, ond greens. " Well, pVaps those two last are rather — but there, I'm not pretending to give a Lord Mayer's Show-feast dinner. Sadale-oV mattan. tongue and ehiokens: six shillings a couple — I declare ifs disgraceful But tome one must carve for me, or I'm safe to splather that white sauce over everybody.' ' Mr Barnard !' shouted the hired waiter, on- - nouncing the first guest ; . and, quiet and gentle manly, Tom entered the room, making his plnnge, as he called it, to get oat of his misery. 'Very glad to see you, Mr Barnard, I'm sure," said Mrs. Dootor, beaming wonderfully; 'and I hope this is to be the beginning < f a long, friwifly feeling, while it's the end- of ail professional— there, bless, my soul, don't mind ma; there's a smell of burning, and I know it's that soup.' The burning smell there certainly was, and she hurried out, leaving Tom face to face with Mary; and the next moment her little hands were in his. 'I never /hoped to have sncha pleasure as this,' he said, deeply, as he gazed in the bright, agitated little face.' j ' Don't think me forward, please Mr. Barnard, stammered $£ary ; but: you must not stop. I've tried to tell .mamma, and she would not listen. Papa — papa /must have learned that you were hidden at the cottage yesterday ; and then last night he was called up — a practical joke — and he thinks it was you.' i 'Indeed it was not,' cried Tom, earnestly. ' No ; you're quite right, ' said Mrs. Doctor, bustling in, 'it was not . the soup. Hero's some one else come. ' ' Mr. and Mrs. Jones and the Misses Small- bois,' cried the waiter; and then the fresh greetings put end to all further confidence. Mr. Potter looked rather hard at his friend Jones, when he entered ; for he had just awakened to the recollection that in his wild mood Jones had dragged at the bell of this very mansion, and then sent Dr. Smallbois, his own father-in-law, upon a fictitious errand ; but after all it was dark,, and the doctor would never sus pect him ; so, in the greetings which followed their entrance, the little affair was forgotten. Mrs. Doctor had to make excuses for her hus band's absence. ' You see, the doctor has so many calls,' said Mrs, Doctor, ' and he- is worked to death. I TPOTit liirn +/» toon on Qcciefnnt nr +j-k falro a. partner ; but it is of no use to try and persuade him.' Tom Barnard heard those words, and won dered whether time might bring forth some such arrangement, but the next moment he was thinking upon Mrs. Doctor's further remarks. . ' He does not mind the work, Jones dear ; but only think ; some dreadful wretch came and rang him up last night, and sent him to poor Mrs. Bolly's, and frightened her into being ill.' Jones looked the picture of innocence. ' And some: 6ne played a trick on her the other day, too, and made her quite nervous ; but the doctor says she will get over it. ' Mr. Askew slightly puffed out his cheeks here; but he was directly after called upon to take one of the ladies down ; and in his attentions to the air Grace, all else was forgotten. ' Bless you, my darlings !' said the match making mamma, as, after a most successful dinner, she accompanied her daughters to the drawing- room, leaving the gentlemen over their wine. For it was all going on capitally — nothing could be better — three husbands were safely netted — two quite catches ; and as for the other — well, it was only for poor Mary, and the doctor must take Mr. Barnard into partnership — for that old Curtis should never have her, she was determined. Had he not once said that she was a 'fat, meddling old idiot,' because she once j prescribed for a patient in the doctor's absence, and made the said patient rather worse. ' Bless you, my darlings !' she exclaimed affec tionately, and directly after ; ' Here's papa !' for the wheels of the doctor's brougham were heard. ' He'll be so glad, my dears.' The wheels were heard also in the diningroom, where Jones irreverently said— ' Have another glass round, boys. Here's the old buffer coming, and he'll want to put the de canters away. Let's see, Potter— Askew, you have not met him yet ?' 'No,' said Askew, somewhat nervously — ' great pleasure though.' A curious feeling of excitement began to per vade Tom Barnard, too ; for now came in all their force, poor little Mary's words. ' There'll be a row, safe,' thought Tom. 'I wish flip nlrl liuiu mc rlrvwmcrf.oirc I' Meanwhile the doctor, who had picked up Mr. Curtis, was busily throwing off hat, coat, and gloves, moved more by a desire to gratify his hunger than to meet his wife's guests. ' This way, Curtis,' he said to his companion. And then, turning the handle of the dining- room door, he stood petrified, in the presence of his fellow-travellers down to Duxton — of the men who had grossly insulted him, and called him 'quack'— who had bespattered him- with mud, sneered at him, who had driven almost into his jbarriage ; the man, too, who had tried to rob him of his patients, who had sneaked away fromihim into a cupboard, after clandestine interviews with his daughter, whom he had designed for another, and who, to make matters worse, had tricked him, called him up in the night, and then lurked about the street to laugh at him. it was unbearable. At first the doctor was speechless with astonishment— speechless as his guests, who had : risen upon his entrance. He swelled visibly ; the veins in his forehead rose, and he turned so purple in the face that Tom Barnard's hand went involuntarily to his pocket in search of a lancet, as if dreading apoplexy. The act was seen by the doctor, and added fuel to the fire. Jones was at the bottom of it, and had banded them altogether to insult him. To him then he turned. - 'Mr. Jones, sir,' he gasped, 'what do you mean by this? Sit down, Curtis— sit down, till I've cleared the room.' ' There 's'Some mistake here,' growled Mr. Potter. 'Is this person Doctor Smallbois ?' ' Yes, suj gasped the doctor, this person is Doctor Smallbois, sir i and, pray, what have you to say to that ?' ' ' Nothing at all, ' said Potter, grqffly. ' Perhaps 'this snort, stou j gentleman may have , some explanation to give ?' ; J . , .. \ty» a olrott? ofo nfn/i 00 na viaiiwt otinolio. , 1 " OUCWVOU %MO UV iivCUVl I'rTfvn! 1 t tions— ' short, , stout,' . butj he , Remembered by. whose side he had been seated;, and, choking down his choierlie'saici, with a & much Ld.igiiify , as copldjbe evolve, from bis snuJI person — lrfI. - 'Nor; none atalL It 'sail ai mistake -re- spectiVe.positiOns— gentlemen.air-imfortuniite . enro)aSiters.' ..s , ;> Herfe Mr. Askew .began to struggle with his - dre dbat, buttoning it tightly across (his chest, i audTafearching in the pockets as if he there?< ex pected to find hat and gloves. V ' This is not the first time you have grossly in sulted- me, sir,' said the doctor, overturning a . chair in liis rage, as he stamped about. ' Leave my house this instant. As for you — you mis creant, you — you pretender,' gasped the doctor, turning to' Tom Barnard, ' your audacity is be yond all- bounds. There, be off — you and your v precious friends, or I shall be compelled to Mr. Askew -had made up his mind to bear1 everything for the sake of the ladies ; so had Potter ; so had Tom Barnard ; but then, Mr. Askew had a temper, and this last word was like the spark which starts a train of gunpowder. ' Wh— wh — wh — wli— wh— what, sir V he stuttered « ki'—kiok me out, sir fftlf- . it were not for your grey hairs, I'd — ffd I'd pull your nose, sir.' And, as he spoke, Mr. Askew twisted on an imaginary nasal organ, dashed it upon the ground, and stamped upon it. ' Here, come along,' growled Mr. Potter, whose voice was now so deep that it seemed to be coming out of his boots. ' Here — Barnard — Skewy — let's go.' ' What's all the row about ?' said J ones, who seemed to be quite confused. ' Row, sir ?' cried the doctor. ' This is partly your doing, and you've brought these fellows to insult me.' 'Here, I can't stand much more of this,' cried Mr. Potter. 'Here, stand aside, you bald- headed, grinning old gorilla !' And he nearly upset the unfortunate Mr. Curtis, who had been standing laughing and rubbing his bands at his rival's discomfiture ; and then, amidst a perfect Babel of ejaculations and threats, tlie dining-room door was opened, and the sounds, previously taken for those of good fellowship, ascended to the drawing-room, as the gentlemen began to seize hats and coats. ' Jobson ! here Jobson !' shouted tlie doctor to the hired waiter. ' Here ! quick ! fetch the police ; this scoundrel is stealing my coat !' ' Confound your coat, sir !' roared Mr. Potter, who was now thoroughly roused at being called a. smunHrpl fur fakinc the doctor's coat bv mis- take— hardly taking it, for though he had both arms in the sleeves, it was Tom Barnard who had inadvertently held the garment up for him to put on. Furious with anger, he snatched it off, and the next moment the doctor was struggling like large baby under a quilt, for tbe coat had been thrown completely over his head. ' What is the matter?' cried Mrs. Smallbois. And then, leaving her daughters to tremblingly gaze over the balustrade, she descended to the scene of strife. ' Gross insults — disgraceful !' cried the doctor. 'Open the door, Jobson.' ' Never mind ; I'll stand by you, my boys, ' said Jones, stoutly ; for he saw that he had his mother-in-law upon his side. ' Here, Saph, put on your things.' 'Jobson, keep that door shut,' cried Mrs. Doctor. ' And I say, let it be open!' shouted the doctor. Do you think I want the High street to know that this house is turned into a lunatic asylum ?' cried Mrs. Doctor. It is grievous to have to place it upon record, as relating to an eminent member of the medical profession— grey, aged, and one whose opinion people respected — but none tbe less it must be related, that Doctor Smallbois made use of a word that made the ladies shriek, it was so strong. Then Mrs. Doctor apologised, while the doctor fumed, entering the diningroom at last with his friend Curtis, and banging the door after them, when a constrained silence ensued, in the midst of which the friends departed for the more hospitable shades of Richmond Villa. Chapter XXIV.— " In Love or War." A couple of months had glided away, during which the landlady of the County Arms and her faithful squire Charles had been almost con stantly gladdened by tbe presence of the two friends. For Potter and Askew had vowed that they would never give up their quest ; and though they had taken many years to light, now that they .had caught, their flame burned strongly. Tom Barnard made no vow, but he had come to the conclusion that without Mary he could not be happy ; and joining his friends, Heart and soul, a. regular siege or tne doctor s premises was kept up. Mrs. Doctor declared herself neutral ; but if she did not wink at some of the proceedings, they must have taken place during such time as her eyes were closed. There were plots and plans without the camp, and plots and plans .within. The one party bribed the maids not to carry the letters ; the others bribed higher to get them carried. Neigh bours found that their hack gardens bad been invaded — probably by mistake ; for footmarks were seen on flower beds, loose bricks were dis lodged from the tops of walls, fragments of wear ing apparel were discovered in gooseberry bushes, and, after an alarming crash heard one night, almost . the whole . of the glass" in a cucumber frame was found to have been demolished. ' There's no letter from those girls again, this liioiumg, saia ivirs. omaiioois to ner nusoancl, as they sat together in the diningroom. 'Don't want any money,' said the doctor,, gruffly., ' Now, how much longer is this farce to be kept up V said Mrs. Smallbois. ' I'm sure it's quite time it was at an end. Their visit's been long enough now, in all conscience.' The doctor grunted, and held his peace, for he had of late been thinking that he had not acted Wisely in rejecting suitors with comfort able incomes of their own. - Well, what is it, Betsy ?' said > Airs. Small- hois, impatiently, , as a , maid entered the room. ' If you please, 'm, you're wanted, ' said Betsy. Betsy looked so exceedingly mysterious and telegraphic that her mistress rose and followed her out of - the room. 'They've been add found 'em out, 'm' 'Found what out? Who has found ? What do you mean, girl ?' ' They've been . and , found 'em out, 'm, and . they'r all in the little room. ' Vrdall r\Aic» . A ' ' ii . n 1 -it- ""1 wiiiauumo ncmuieu as sue rustiea oy tne maid, jaiittTaid her hand -upon toe Brass knob of the jdoor ' Vffiibh contained the mystery, while Betsy, motoromuL of, mouth, thair ever, 'looked on,; fi boll) An L ltr3j eyes,. Her child? jn haired f . Tottfer, "toe ponderous, siip- portin sfeA:;bdfefiant, look- ing qi lito meloCnUttic, ' tritn, Grace, to , whole well-c ii,selled nfesehe hekl hoirfcle' of smelling- J r j-ri iy<fetnyxrcnf;> rrr:JrTj," ' G<pd grp.;irmeAfys. Smallbois, ' what does tjlns inean ? But! the doctor's liapd was already upon the fastening, and he entered, to stand the monarch of allhe surveyed, for his presence did cause a tremor. ' Why, what the — 'Hush, sir, pray 1' exclaimed Mr. Askew, im ploringly. ' Remember theladies I 'Were fybu speaking to me, f sir ?V said the doctor, sarcastically, for one of Air. Askew's eyes was directed at the window. I did venture to make a remark,' said Mr. Askew, humbly. 'And now, sir, iin asking your pardon for aU that is passed, I sure i . Am speaking tbe feelings of my friends-' Feelings of my two friends,? said Mr. Askew, again. . Y es ; decidedly,' said Mr. Potter. ' Quite so,' said Tom Barnard. " The doctor stood silent for qirite a minute, thinking whether he should go in a towering passion, or take the injured role. He decided. upon the latter. . . ' Go away !' said the doctor. ' And you girls — my children no longer — leave this house, and your mother and I will try to hear this stroke to our roof -tree. ' T j ' If you please, sir, here's Mr. and Mrs. Jones, said Betsy. - The doctor would uot give in yet for a lew moments, but stood sternly classic, wondering bow would be the best way to come down from his pedestal without compromising his dignity, when he recalled the orthodox plan, and drawing out his pocket- handkerchief, squeezed out two tears, blew his nose very loudly, shook his head, buried his face in the said handkerchief, and then sank into a chair, where he allowed himself to be embraced, and to have his hands shaken, griding by blessing all in true patriarchal style, hut without the affecting scene having any other effect upon Jones than to make him wink at his mother-in-law, and whisper in her ear ' Now, old girl, I hope you are happy !' the end. 