IN . THE HEART OF THE HARTZ. Feoh the Siubenberg ono can enter the Belke Valley, whioh, with its mountain walls rising like barriers on either Bide, broadens gradually till it is lost in the plain. The villages of the Selkethal are exceed ingly pretty and interesting. MagdeBprung, \?ith its extensive foundries, its charming situation, and the queer stories appertaining to it, with which one can be entertained for a long summer's day; Alexiebad, a smell watering-place, cool and sweet with invigorating mountain breezes; and from the beautiful height called Yiotors hohe we have unrolled before us a full panorama of vate, stream, mountain, and plain,- gardens^ parks,'and castles. Of the latter, the most imposing is that of the Falkenstein, as it stands surrounded by tall. firs and oaks. From the Stubenberg we see that strange liri® of sandstone rock, the Tenfelsmauer, or Devil's Wall, so called because his Satanic Majesty, jealous of the rapid spread of Chris tianity in that region, determined to set apatt a place for himself, within whose limits ? his reign should be supreme, and where no soul Ehonld ever hear a whJfeper of any other kingdom than his own. ' - Accordingly, -he ordered his subjeots to build a wall high enough -to reach the sky, .and so strong that no power of heaven could prevail against it. Every night and all night these spirits of darknoss toiled, piling up huge blocks of stone, but with, the first ray of morning light they were obliged to flee to their dark caves, and as soon as the sun rose, the-stones, by somo invisible hands were always thrown down %gain. At last, in utter despair of ever being able to> complete their work, they abandoned it, and the result of that momentous enterprise is a broad range of picturesque rock stretching from Blanken burg to Ballenstedt, and very beautiful it is with its growth of mountain shrubs and wild flowers. . At Blankenburg one ean sojourn pleas antly for a week, making charming pedes trian' tours in the environs. These tours are most interesting in late summer, when the heather is in fullest bloom, its countless tiny bells shedding a rose tint over the wholeiaridsoape. In walking to the Regenstein, about two miles north of the city, one's path is lined with flowers, and every crumbling ruin oE the ancient fortress iB fringed with blos soms. A curious olii place is this Begen stein, or Eeihenstein, with its romantic associations, its memories of illustrious heroes, and its grewsome legends; In. 479 A.d'., if we may credit ancient chronicles, a battle was fought on the spot where Wernigerode now stands. ' The people of Thuringia, led by their king, Melverich, sought to- take possession of this region by driving the inhabitants farther north-banishing them-, indeed, to the'extreme limit of the. Hartz. By the mighty prowesB of their champion, Hate hold, however, the Saxons were victorious; the Thuringians fled, leaving five thousand of their men upon the field. The Saxons, in gratitude to their hero, agreed to build him a castle in any place which he might designate within their dominion. When he beheld this mountain rising precipitously nearly three hundred feet t above the plain, he exclaimed to his followers, " Here on'this Eegenstein let us erect our stronghold I" (In the ancient Saxon dialect Eegen signified Eeihen, meaning row or series.) This, accordingly, they did, and though few of the walls, are standing, there is a wondrous charm about the old ruin, with its dark passages hewn in the solid rock, its castle keep, and its mysterious cells. The gloomiest of these, the Teufelsloch, is a round room, measuring in width and height only four feet, and the scene of such frightful-tarments- that we. are only too thankful to escape into the sunshine again. During the Thirty Tears' War this fort ress was besieged and taken by Wallen stein; it was captured "by the French in 1757, and soon after dismantled by Frede rick the Great. Oh the highest point the watch-tower stands. It is broken away at the top, the etones have fallen in, and of the sandy soil-enough has lodged there to nourish such seeds as are borne thither by the wind; and a most peaceful aspect it presents with its crown of green shrubs, and itB grey mossy sides clothed with trailing vineB and creeperB. Blankenburg itself is full of interest; a quaint old town with irregular streets roughly paved, houses adorned "with curious carvings, stone archways overgrown with ivy, whilehigh above the market-place, far removed from the sound of toil and traffic, the ducal chateau rises .white and fair against its dark background of wooded hills. This is a summer residence of the Duke of Brunswick, and of course many romantic tales cluster around it-what would a castle be worth without them ? It is haunted', also, at various times and sea sons, the chief ghost being that of " the white lady of Blankenburg." She seldom \- appears when strangers are present, and indeed the old castellan informed us that Bhe is more often heard than seen. As she flits through corridors and halls the rustle of her robes is distinctly audible, while doorB open and close behind her, although at the time they may be double looked and barred. She is supposed to be the once famous CounteBs von Orlainiinde, who, for Borne erifdeed committed while in the body, can find no rest in the grave, and so returns to, wander aimlessly through the old castle. The portrait o£ the "white lady " has its place in the gallery among those of other ancestors of the -house of Brunswick. ' The most beautiful of all the pictures in the castle is that of Maria Theresa, who spent much of her early life here, and whose portrait now adorns the exquisite room which was once her own boudoir. Her entire suite of apartments is thrown open to visitors, as well as the ducal library 1 -a large, handsome room containing a few rare pictures and works of art-the armory, dining-room, and grand entrance hall. Prom the terrace a fine view of the Bur rounding country is. obtained, and a broad avenue leads down to the high road. On our way from Blankenburg to the Brocken we turned aside from the main road, following a path up a steep hill, called Ziegenkopf, on the summit of which is a restaurant and garden, where we dined. Our host greeted us in such fluent English that we ventured to compliment him thereupon, when, with a shrewd smile, be replied. "I am no German; 1 am an Ameri ' can, and fought for the "Union during the whole civil war 1" Where may we not look for our soldiers after this? , Could any thing be more amazing than to run across a' Massachusetts soldier catering to' the capricious appetites of travellers of every nation on a granite peak of the Hartz Mountains ? This hill is a most attractive spot, rising nearly fourteen -hundred feet above the plain, with an outlook clear and uninter rupted ; and there in the still summer after noon, with scarcely breeze enough to rustle the leaves overhead, we gazed dreamily .away into the dark .fragrant, ..woods, into the valley glowing with 8oil light, and at the distant Btimmits over «4lich faint wreaths of mist were curling, too ligllt to conceal, only making softer their rugged outlini s. From Ziegenkopf we proceeded by dili gence to "Wemigerode-an ancient town lying at the foot of a softly rounded eminence crowned by the castle and park of Count Stolbfrg-Wernigerode. The Bill is covered with magnificent woodB on the one side, v-'.iie on the other meadovca bright with fiowtrs slope gently down fo the plain. The route from Wernigerode to the.Brocken is one .of the pleasantest in the'Hirtz. It winds around the eastern base of the mountain, presenting a fine view of the Ilolzeuime Valley, with forest crown©4 heights and water-falls. As we approach the Brocken the road becomes wilder and more rugged, the scene changing with every turn. ? At one moment we are urging onr horses up a sharp aBcent, rough with rolling stones, and dark from the heavy foliage of interlacing trees; the next, we had alighted and were walking through open glades amid fern and waving grasses. Again, we came suddenly upon a mountain brook foaming and plashing over rocks far above, to fall into the stream below; then silence and beds of wild flowers-the pale, bluish-white blossoms of the wild let. tuce, harebells, Alpine roses, and forget-mq nots. Stopping to gather a handful of these pretty things, there sounded through the still air the tinkle of bells and the " yodel" of the herdsman, who soon appeared driving before him his goats and gentle dun- ooloured cows. Soon after, a flook of geese came rushing over the crest of the hill, followed by a most picturesque old " Gansefraa?" in a short red petticoat, blue apron and jaoket, white frilled cap, and wooden shoes. She carried a orook, and flew down the steep path over the stocks and stones and gnarled roots- as fearlessly aB her geese. They all went whizz ing by, together with suoh a flapping of wings and soreeching and quacking as might have scared the very witohes on the Brocken. We stood'breathless till she was nearly out ol sight, when some one called to know how many geese she had in her flook. Turn ing her head, she shouted back, 41 Fiinf hun derfc," and then vanished as completely as if the mountain had opened and swallowed her. . Most likely it had, for we were near to the Brocken, and we never saw her nor a solitary goose afterward. As we now made the toilsome ascent'.be tween enormous granite boulders, the rocks, assumed most grotesque shapes, and we be gan to feel the influence of this awe-inspir ing spot, the abode -of hobgoblins and Bpectres, stirring within us. We fancied we oould see the witches danoing round the " Teufelskessel" in which their loathsome Bupper was preparing, and glanced askance at the "Devil's Pulpit," the "Witches' Altar," and the " Goblin's Drinking Gup," as their forms showed dimly through the clouds now rising from the valley. ' The sun had set and night was fast dosing in around jus. Now we heard distant thunder, the wind whistled and shrieked, and the air was full of strange, shadowy forms. What matter if they were only clouds of vapour rolling up froi& the depths below ? Were we. not justified, in the darkness of that haunted place, in thinking them witohes waving tbeir besoms threateningly, and then vanishing with a sound of flapping wings ? We could no longer Bee even so far as our horses' heads, yet on we drove through mist and rain, trusting blindly to our guide to land us-somewhere. A sudden ray of light streamed aoross our path, and we found ourselves at the open door of the inn. This sight revived our spirits at once, and a hot supper, ten minutes later, served to restore our failing courage; for it must be confessed that during the last half hour some of our party had sorely repented ever having set foot in the witohes' dominion. Under the influence of a warm and brightly lighted room, however, things assumed a different aspect. Stories were told, Brooken mysteries dis cussed, and midnight settled down upon the mountain as quietly as over o,ur peaceful hills at home. We were to be called at four o'clock to see the sunrise; and .on a clear morning-of which there are two or three during the. season-the view from tbiB height must be gloriouB. The firBt words that greeted me in the morning were these: "Eight o'clock, as T live 1 What do you suppose the witohes have done with the Bun ? There isn't any here. Look!" And drawing a'sid^the purtain,, there. was not* only no sun, but no worid; every thing. vanished utterly. We were above the olouds and in them and under them; there was no sky, no earth, nor even a sound to remind us of the world we had left only the night before. Suddenly from pur Btove, a great ungainly .German affair, there issued a noise as of crackling fire; hut no human hand had touched that stove! A breath of sul phureous vapour was exhaled through the room, and eaoh moment the air grew heavier and hotter.' Verity this was unendurable. Summoning the philosopher of the party, we begged him to explain this phenomenon, whereupon he calmly stated that the Btove was built up, according to a fashion of this region, for the double purpose of warming two,apartments, and the draughts and plaoe for kindling happened to be on the other side of the wall, ignoring the shouts of laughter from the rest of the party, we humbly suggested' breakfast, and then a speedy flight from Ihis.diabolioal region. - Before taking our departure, however, we groped about among the clouds, hoping for a glimpse of-something, not " the spectre we had had enough of that. We listened calmly while our host enumerated the' cities and towns and mountain-peaks and rivers, (md plains and the reBt of the world that ohuld be seen from the tower in fair weather, while for us the tower itself was a mere Bhadow looming np before our windows as the mist lifted for an instant, nnd then melting away again before we had decided whether it was square or round. The only substantial thing worth record ing which we foutid on that mountain was a gigantic St. Bernard dog. We discovered his heacl and Bhoulders, and then coaxed him into, the house that we might have a fall view. He proved to be as handsome as he is brave, this noble "Leo," who has reeoued from suffering and death many a traveller lost in the olouds of this strange upper world. As we drove away from the Brocken a burden seemed lifted from (our souls, and . the sweet valley echoed with our. songs and laughter. Was there, ever a day so full of sunshine and singing ef birds as this that greeted us after our strange imprisonment f Trees, brooks, flowers, everything whispered a welcome. Retracing our steps along the road we had traversed yesterday,- we turned aside at Ilsenburg that we might take a peep, at least into the valley over which, according to tradition, fair Princess Use reigns.. We reBted under the shadow of her rock, the beantiful Ilsenstein, listened to her silvery voice where Bhe goes" singing and leaping down the mountain, and reoalled the story of the wilful child who finally, became a "princess of the purest water," and a bless ing beyond price to all who dwelt in the sweet IUenthal. A sncGOLAB remedy for hy drophobia ia used in certain, districts of Russia, where the disease is very prevalent. This remedy is the rose-beetle. The people search carefully in the spring for the larvae of this insect, put them in eartherc. jars with the earth in which they are found, and when the meta morphosis takes place they kill the beetles and dry them. The powder must be kept hermetically. Bealed. Some persons preserve the beetles in sealed jara, and reduce' to powder only when wanted. It is said 'that' three beetles, powdered and Bpread on bread and buffer, is the doae for an adult, given immediately after the bifce ; one for a child ; but five to a person in whom the disease has declared itself. The effect is usually to produce a long sleep, which sometimes lasts' thitfy-six hours, and which must not ou any account be interrupted. The patient on waking is pronounced cured, bnfc the bite is also always treated surgically. Beetles caught on flowers are not bo beneficial; they mu8t be secured in the larva stage, and killed directly after the change. The Bussians in several of the governorships toward the south always give their dogs from time to time half a roBe-beetle. on a little bread as a preventive. 