GHOST STORIES. An extraordinary story is related to the Melbourne Herald, which, writes that journal, may give some comfort to be- lievers in ghosts, if not to anyone else. At twenty minutes past five o'clock, on Friday morning, a letter-sorter named Thomas Cook, who is engaged at the General Post Office, had occasion to enter a large vault or collar used as a storeroom principally for empty mail bags. This is a very large place right under the main building, and the floor above is supported by strong stone columns. In other words, the place more resembles a series of vaults than an ordinary cellar. Cook, the letter- sorter, avers in the most positive manner that while in this place at the time men- tioned, he distinctly saw a shadowy white figure approach him, and pass quite close by his shoulder, and when he turned to look after it, it suddenly vanished. He is most emphatic in his statements, and evidently believes that he has seen a ghost. Above, we have referred to a ghost that walks the Melbourne Post Office. Sandhurst, however, has a ghost of its own, thus referred to by the Bendigo In- dependent:—At the intersection of Pohl- man and High-streets, Heathcote, is situated a brewery, which has been untenanted for a long time past, and was said to have been the haunt of a ghost, some white object having frequently been seen patrolling the premises at the mystic hour. A young gentleman living not far off was escorting a young lady home one evening, some two months since, and when passing the supernatural's prome- nade, beheld a white object in front of him. Without more ado, he rushed for- ward and struck the supposed ghost a heavy blow with his walking stick. How- ever, the ghost proved to be substantial flesh and bone, in the shape of a daughter of a trooper, and who was quietly talking at the place with a friend, she being dressed in a light-colored dress. Nego- tiations at an amicable settlement having failed, the father of the injured has brought an action in the County Court to recover £200 damages. 