EPSOM COURSE. Sefton wo'ii the Ddrby. TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. . "VICTORIA. (from our own correspondent.) Melbourne, Friday. Hon. E. Langton writes to some prominent electors of South Gippsland that if Mr McLellan does not stand he will. A deputation of the unemployed waited to see tne .Ministers to-aay, out tlie unier Secretary ' and the Minister of Public Works were both away. The deputation wanted to urge the filling the quarry holes at Carlton, and the extension of the Butts drainage works. They will see Mr Patter son to-morrow. It is now stated that W. G. Grace was caught by A. Bannerman, bowled Boyle, at forward square leg in both innings in the Marylebone match. _ It is very likely so, as Grace' lias a great 'habit of putting the hall in, that direction for singles. After the Marylebone match theEast Melbourne club telegraphed to the captain of the Aus tralians, "-Bravo Australians ; wire ih." Ring, late captain of the Alexandra, charged with attempting to scuttle the ship, was to-day admitted to bail in two sureties of £250, and himself in £500. The R.MvS.S. Siain will" take the mail home on Wednesday or Thursday next. The steamer Williams took down a quan tity of cargo and a number ef sheep for the voyage to-day. A man, lately a publican at Invercargill, New Zealand, was found in the gutter dead drunk yesternightwith 300 sovereigns and a quantity of valuable jewellery in his possession. He was only fined 5s. Li the County Court to-day a large number of professional money lenders were plaintiffs. The train on the Gippsland line ran over a horsej and '"several carriages were thrown off the line. No serious damage was done. A little girl named Margaret Flynn, aged two years, residing at Bungaree, was burnt to death- yesterday. At the scene of the wreck of the Loch Ard there are about three hundred people present. Provisions are very scarce, and everything is eaten up. The ship founded in sixteen fathoms of water. The National Bank have agreed to take £100,000 worth of the Metropolitan Gas debuntures, at six percent., payable in London or Melbourne, at sixteen pence .premium. This money is intended for the extension of tlie works and the im provement of the gas supply. A sorter in the General Post-office posi tively asserts he saw a ghost, in the shape of a thin white form, in the vaults below the post-office, at half-past . four o'clock this morning. A man named Duncan Livingstone, a son of the celebrated African explorer, fell down the shaft of the Eureka Consols Company, Castlemaine, and was killed instantaneously. A man, name unknown, was found dead in bed at the Criterion dining- rooms, Bourke-street,'this morning. The body appeared to be that of a laborer. Twenty men presented themselves at the Spencer-street railway station to-day, as applicants for passes to Williamsfcown for stonebreaking. A hiimbar of them had greyhounds. There have been , steady rains this morning, and it has been, drizzling all day. 