THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 10, lStS. 'Snv, interests ,of many shoijld not bo jeopardised for tUo aggrandisement of a fuw. This is an axiom thu justice of which js so apparent that it needs no argument to support jt. TJjo ruj-al district of GÏondrchy,' in order to dorive tho many advantages pertaining to salf-govorninont, ljas been placod undor the control of a Munici- pal Council. Amongst the functions that aro supposed to be discharged by this body ÍB tho conservation 0/ a natural stream having its riso in the Mount Wellington rango. It is known by the name of JJijnjphiéy's Rivulet, and from it tho water supply of ¿ho district is drawn. Unfortunately, howovur, myipg io aTfcpjrit of apatfyy, self-interost, and subjection on MÀO jjait of the ratepayers, the Municipal Connell may bo said to cxis,t b;it in name. Tile Council is it happy family indeed. So far from being covetous of the honours j&Girnpctod; with the faithful discharge of their duties, somo of the members seem to be only animated thy Uw idea either of serving their own interests or of pro- tecting themselves from inconvonionco. Those Councillors aresupported by otliors whohavo boon their confreres at tho same table for a longthy poiiod, and Hw pcisonaj consid.oral/oiji of agree ablenoss is mistaken foe the public good. ¿)psp;to tho doplorablo spirit of apat)iy tljat prevails, a'cer-1 itain amount of agitation lins taken place for somo time j;ast respecting an alleged pollution of ¿ho j llivulet. This was of so important a character jtlmt it should iiav^i domanded nu immediate investigation to prove the truth or falsity of such au asseition. So far from doing what common sonso dictated, ai(d grappling with the difficulty, it became 11 kind of bogay to flio Çouncijl. '-Tljoir indiilbrenco and inactivity Jod to tho presenta- J tion by tho ratepayers of two nei/if ons wh.ich I wore submitted to tho Council ii) January f ug£, j The nuisance that thoy referred to, the pollution of tho wafer supply, was of so peculiar a character tluvt «¿msiderations to which wo have previously roforretf, .caused a " special mooting" of tb.0 Council to bp coiivonod to deal with the matter, Tl¿is mooting .was cpAWd oy circular and ovory sffojí .Wits matte to provide against tho attendance of ¿lio Piess. Wo bocamo , acquainted with t&e; faßt t^uit %o | mooting was to bo hold, and knowing tljat it was ' çno to which tho Press was entitled to sdmis sion, tont a representativo, It was deemed, how over, that t^o presence of a reporter might result iu Hiidesirablo'dlj:>!r9,l5Ui'os being made. Accord- ingly Hw Voportor was informed that tho meet- ing was of a pvivato character-u "(eoinmittoo meeting" it was alligpd. He accoi dingly y ith drow. 80 far as'wo aru a wiro no 'remodíal moasuros wore adopted or attempted at that mooting and tho subject of tho pogona Jjas lum in aboyanco for some time and fío pause of çonip]aint still exists. About two mouths ago tho endurance of some of tho complainers, more particularly affected, reached its limit, mid it being considered an opportune time, another peti- tion mis despatched to tile G'&uimjl;, Tho peti- tion w*s .accompanied by tho report; of four analyses that J;ad been mado by tho Goveminont Analyst of wator takpn at different spots in'the I Rivulet. As mattors had assumed a soriousaspoct, I andtliopetitjonors had expressed thoir detormina tipn to take other proceedings unless theuuisance complained of woro ubatud, it was agreed by the Council to n>aljo a visi,tof inspçatjon to the place wlioro tho nuisance mis said te anginata, In doforonco to tim wish of tho proprietor oí the works, and in ordor to onnblo bun to make pome alterations, tho dato originally agreed upon, for the inspoction was abandoned. It was dotnrmjn.ed, ilion that ¿ho inspection should tako placo ai 8 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, mid it being stated that tho wilier in tho Rivulet was con- taminated by tho influx of bojno deleterious liquid flow Mr. Wjjr.uAV MuitiiAy's («înery and auap and candió manufactory at Valleyfield, all the Councillors, accompanied by Mr. RICMAIIP SnoonninoH, repaiied thitlior. It was found that in proximity to tho building whore the operations of making candles and soap ure psv formed, there was a drain communicating with tho Rivulet.. Along this drain was coursing a small stream of'dark coloured fluid, which no doubt was far from being wholesome. As some complaint" was recently mado respecting the drainage at the hat factory, the Coun- cillors visited the property of the proprietors of that establishment also. Here, so far as the drainage from the factory was concerned, every- thing was found to be satisfactory, a drain having boen cut so as to prevent the water by any possibility finding its way into the creek. Notice, was, howoyor, .given for tho abatement of a nuisance of a different description, which was found to exist upon the property, and which, in wet weather was calculated to have a deleterious effect upon the water in the Rivulet near hy. The course of the Rivulèttbtlieboundaryof Mr. SHOO BRIDOE'S was then followed, and the result was that nuisances of a similar character to that just' mentioned were found to exist alongsido of the stream, but not upon Mr. SHOOBKTDGE'S land. It will bo the duty of the Council to seo to the immediate removal of' these accumulations. Having ascertained these facts the inspecting committee returned to the Council Chamber, but the Councillors not being prepared to face the subject of tho pollution of tho Rivulet, it was resolved to further adjourn the subject for a month without even tho tender of a formal report of an inspection having taken place. As this matter has been so long under consideration without any attempt being made to effect any improvement, we have obtained the reports of four analyses of water taken from different parts of the Rivulet, viz. : (1), above the works alluded to j (2), at the placo where tho drain complained of joins the Rivulet ; (0), at a spot lower down ; and (4), at a place where the water is drawn for domestic uso. The fact of the pollution of the water is placed beyond all question, and that being the case tho Council shonhl bo compelled to'disr charge that duty which they have shirked sei long. The reports of the analyses, which were obtained at the instance of Mr. RIOIIAUD Suoo liiviDUK, aro as follows : Laboratory, Hobart Town Tin Smelting Works, March 1st, 1878. I have carefully examined the sample of"'water which I took the on 2Ctli of lost month in a paddock at tlie back of Mr. Shoobridge's residence at Glenorchy, and find it to be of the following composition :-Total solid residue per gallon, 71 "8 grains; free ammonia, 007 parts per million, equal to O'OO parts of nitrogen ; albuminoid ammonia (resulting from animal matter) 2*41 parts per million, equal to 1'98 parts of nitrogen. The total solids are principally composed of organic matter and alkaline salts, like carbonate of soda, caustic soda, and a little iron, the organic matter con- sisting of animal fat in a state of decomposition, animal fibre, vegetable fibre, mosses, and fragments of a great many organic bodies. Tho microscopical inspection of the sediment showed a great variety of animal life, (infusoria as well as insects), besides a quantity of fungoidal growth. I consider this water as one which innot only unfit for use, but it is of Buch a condition that it will pollute, with certainty, the purest streams into which it may flow, and render them unfit for domestic purposes, and, in the time of an epedemic disease, it will most likely be the carrier of its germs. The total solids are much too high in quantity to allow its being used for domestic purposes, and their quality shows much of their animal derivation, which would condemn it for such use. The amount of free ammonia is rather low, and not above the usual soole in drinking waters. But tho animal or albuminoid ammonia is enormously great, and this fact alone would pronounce tho water n dangerous influx into creeks or rivers. DAConnivr LEWALD, Laboratory, Hobart Town, March 14,1878. Of the four samples of water which 1 took at Glenorchy, (No. I, II, III, IV), I have already re- ported tho result of my analysis of sample No. 2. No. 1, Tho analysis gave the following result : Total solid residue, 21-4 grains per gallon ; free ammonia, none. Albuminoid ammonia 0*07 parts per million, The sodiment of this water showed nothing olso but a little vegetable matter of harmless desola- tion, being free of any kind of animal life, and I consider it a very pure and wholesome water for domestic use. No. 3. This water contains : -Total solid residue, 35-2 grains per gallon ; free ammonia, 0'03 parts per million; albuminoid ammonia, 0-20 parts per million. By microscopic inspection the sediment showed many different varieties of vegetable and animal life, increas- ing after two days, and although water taken from the «ame placo might not be injurious at certain times, I consider that, judging by its great amount of albumiuiod ammonia (corresponding to animal matter) it might nt other times (dry weather) be a supporter, if not a source, of disease. No. 4. Result of analysis :-Total solid residue, 55-2 grains per gallon ; free ammonia, 0-21 parts per million ; albuminoid ammonia, 1'02 parts per million. The microscopic inspection of the sediment showed many peculiar forms of vegetable and animal life after two days, and as the analysis shows, tho water, as a drinking water for domestic use, is on all its points to be rejeotod. The Bolid residue is far too great (being chiefly of organic nature), freo as well as albuminoid ammonia, much higher than in any water which might be tolera- ted even in a populated district ; the water being sure to convey and assist many kinds of germination. In been taken under the best possible conditions,' the Btream having plenty of water and good full at the time. DAGOBERT LEWALD, Government Analyst. THE ENGLISH MAIL.-The R.M.S. Assam has made a smart run from Albany. The steamer left that on Thursday, reaching Glenelg at 5 a.m. yesterday, thus performing ; under four days , a, distance for which 4 days 3 hours aro allowed. The Assam may be expected in Hobson's Bay early to-morrow morning, in which case the Tasmanian portion of the mails will probably reach Launceston on Thursday morning, Hobart Town on Thursday evening. , . , ,i ,. PARLIAMENT.-Both branches' of the Legislature meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock, and tho businoss set down for discussion is of an exclusive and im- portant character. In the Legislativo Council tho orders of the dny .are as follow :-Second readings of the Railway Interest, Probates and Letters of Administration Effect, and Rural Police Rate bills ; consideration of resolution passed hy the llouso of Assembly ¡with reference to the appropriation çf moneys for défonces ; and consideration of a mesi- ngo relative to tho Bankers' Law Amendment Bill. The majority of the motions have reference to the M»>» Line Railway. Mr.,G.rubb js.to move for leavo to'introduce a bill providirigthatthepurebase of tho'Railway shall not be effected, without ¿be sanction and authority of Parliament., îilr, Linei) is to call attention to Railway correspondo'iic» as to an alleged promise by the Premier to pay the arrears of guaranteed inteiest in the event of the opinion of English Counsel being ndvciBC to tho Government. Tho sumo member is also to call attention to pro- ceedings that have already taken .place and corres- pondence r,e}at¡yo ¡tp tho authority of the Hon. P. 0. Fysh to aet on behalf of Hie Government whilo in Englauil. Mr. Crowther is to njovc fqr the cou sidorotion of certain corrcpppudencé Imvuig reference to Mr. Clark's Report, and Mr. Ohapjujm is Weall attention to'correspdridcuce and papers connected with tho Main Lino Railway question. In the House ,of Assembly the Civil Service Bill is to'bo further coijjsidcred in Committee, after which the adjourned debato on tjjo second rending of the Maintenance of Roads, ' etc., i¡';ll bo resumed, Amongst the other measures sot down for consider- ation aro the Electoral, Public Works Act Amond monjb, and tbp Presbyterian Church Bills. In Committee of Supply a rootiou for a vote of ¿3,000 to Mr. Jas Smith, and another for the preparation of detailed 'oefiounts 'of .thp oxpondjturç; upon Sup- plementary Instituâtes for tho years 1S7G, 1877, and 1878, are put/down for dúi«lisa¡oiiv The motions include one for leave .to bring in' a tyll for' the amendment of tho Polico Act ¡ a resolution by Mr. Douglas for an address to His lüxoolloney for tile placer;|0^i the Estimates of a sum of £10,838 Os, fid. foi- payment a¿ interest to the Main Line'Railway ; a proposition by Mr. íucfc for nn address for tho alloeatio'n'of £100 as agnint- in-aidof tho Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Association. I THE MAIN LINK RAit^'Ay.-To-day Mr. Douglas has a iiotjog of motion for giving' ihp ^company half the sum tlioy olaiiri for running trains to and from Evandale, and a rumour ia current that, encouraged by the extraordinary conduct of ¡Mr, pouglas, and, trusting to that gentleman carrying with ¡(¡in spino Ministerialists, Mr. Reibey is to civo notice of motlou phßi the full amount claimed ho paid. Per- haps he may bo drawn into inviting the company jto make new ¿leniaiids, snil thus render a settlement moro improbable. 'AVO liólieve that the Legislative Council, enntrary to' tlio 'intention of some bon. mombers, will pay rpsúectto thc'vóto"of the Asscio. bly on Friday, and instead of insisting on a discharge in full, will accept tho Government proposal. But if Mr. Douglas or Mr. Roibcy persist in their iusnno prpuopJt/on, tho Council may refnso any sottlomcnt, Except such as tlio Law Courts may diotato. Govern mont, wo believe, 'will bo ««yin, in which case tho " railway creatures'"-tlio1 ójlpressiqu ^¡ not ours may finxj tbçy aro "over- shooting the mark, ' fifi) §U"U\VAU» l'iïçcrss,-A telegram from our LauiiaoaUm porrospoudoht,' informs us that! Cdloncl Grey yesterday (»ado a hurried run to Launceston, whoro ho entertained lift; northern «¿embers of Parliament lit luncheon, returning (# I/obart 'fovrn by tho afternoon train. Tho proceeding. B'fira'nf courso private, but as theso gentlemen might navo all hpo;i mot at Hobart Town to.day, there was doubtless a robson for tho gathering in tlio North, probably tho 'baptism of Mr. Douglas in the true railway faith, 'though ^c should hardly think that the Showard process Will prove very otöcleut with the vetoras of Fingal. ' PjiOMi'f CifAtfHi.-Last evening a smart city commercial thought to'tatte » rise out of a news p&per; man, who, in passing received the usual good evening, ani] hi tho same meath was asked, '> whai's tho'prico'of whip,cord whfcro you aro going?" ' The ans^'pr was promptly given, " where you' are going the cjiiektJQU is Uio'prico of heiup,'' Thjs brought out, " do yoii know where it is grown ?" To whjkh as promptly waa answered, " you're'likely to bo moro interested in its application/' ' "J TASMANIAN RACIKU Ci.un.-Tlio following ontfífiti have been received for the Sires' Produce Stalte», J 880. Mr. A. Pago's Horatio and Ringleader, Mr. W. Brown's Napoleon, SirT. Eider's Gang Forward, Mr. G. M. Lloyd's JJiver, Mr. A. Kearney's Horror, Mr, FieldVWle #¡11. THE PILLINGER CASE.-Today Mr. Reibey is to move tbo names of the Select Committee he haa'ob taincd to inquire into and report on the refusal of the Minister of Land3 to allow the Messrs. Pillinger to pick out the eyes of one sheep-run that they may add it to another, that other being their own. If the labours of the committee aro to bo judicial, not a whitewashing of Mr. Reibey's follower, another comniitteo than that named by Mr. Reibey will have to be appointed. Mr. Reibey and Mr. Balfo havo shown from their langunge that they would co into the ¡nipury with a foregone conclusion. Ä conj mitteo with the names of theso bon. gentlemen on it would bo a sham. Mr. Scott has not committed himself, but it is some time sinco ho has expressed any opinion not in conformity with that of the loader of the Opposition and was it for the sake of fair play that tho names of Mr. Salier and Mr. Keach were selected, from among the gentlemen sitting on the Ministeiial sido of tho Jlouse, to hold the'scales against Mr. Rciboy and Mr. Balfe.' We feel assured Mr. Salier and Mr.'Keach will not consent to play'the part Mr. Roiboy expects of them. Art important issue is at stake, and the Minister of Lands should ace that violent approvers of Messrs. Pillinger and condomners of the Minister are not placed on the Committee. _ .. "* . .*, THE VOLUNTEER RIFLE REGIMENT.-At, ,the battalion parado last night Colonel St. Hill inspec- ted tho Volunteer Rifles for'^he first time.,, Ho put them through a number of manouvres, and ¡'mani- fested considerable interest in the progress 'that'tho^ regiment is making. The, volunteers acquitted' themselves well, and Bhowcd that tho military ardour and their desire for efficiency wero being well maintained. ' ' i'J' '_£_!._. THE RULES or THE OCEAN,.HIGHWAY. -In our, report of the proceedings of the Siipferne Court, à Al; when giving the summing up of His Honor Mr. > Justice Dobson, in the case of Davis v. Cheverton, His Honor's language was misapprehended. He is made to say the very reversó' of what ho did say, inasmuch as ho is rcpiesented to have said " that when the Shannon ran down.with full sail to the wind the other vessel (the Friendship) should have dropped astern or havo stopped,)ts course ¡f a collision seemed probable or imminent, ,|It was in ac'cprdanqe with the established rules that "when a.yess'cl with full sail sot kept on its course, tho other coming'in some other direction should keep oufrof'tho way," whereas the correct version ia that when a vessel running free before the wind meets a vessel close hauled on the wind, the former must give;way to the latter, and that in the case before the court the Shannon, going free before the wind, instead}" of¡ running across tlio bows of the Friendship^ close)-', hauled, should have passed astern of her ; and that it was the duty of tho Friendship, being close hauled, to keep on her course, as the Shannon, running down upon her, had a right to suppose that sho would do so, and ought to have steered accord- ingly. His Honor also directed the jury that if they found that the Shannon was let out and out to Dixon, and Cheverton had nothing to do with her beyond being owner or lessor, they should find for the defendant ; and that he would afford Mr. Giblin, as he desired it, the opportunity of moviug the Court above, that as a matter of law, Cheverton was, as owner, liable for the damage although at the time of the collisiou he had let the vessel to Dixon who found his own crew and navigated the vessel without any control on Cheverton's part. As mischief might accrue from the incorrect account of the directions given, we hasten to put the matter right. , v ,, CITY POLICE COURT.-Thcro was little business at this Court, yesteiday morning when the Mayor (Mr. W. P. Green) and alderman Burgess attended. Eliza Gctham charged by Constable Leitch with beiug drunk and incapable was fined 10s. Cd., in default fourteen days imprisonment. A young mm named Walter McGuiness brought up for usingiim- ' proper language in Bathurst street, on the 7th in- stant, pleaded guilty and was fined 5s. with the usual alternative. A deorepit individual named Charles Davis arrested by Constable boring for bogging alms near'the wharf on Sunday last, received a sentonco of three months imprisonment. ,t,,-t.A.\\. ,? ' D'AIÎCÏ READ'S Giiosr.-This novel exhibition was repeated at tho Town Hall, last evening before a large audience. Tliero wore' some ohariges'in the first pait of the programme, which embraced a spectral adaptation of Faust and a "Chinese Phantom Dance." Neither of these performances, however,* were in any woy superior to tliQse_for which they were substituted. A drawback in, each performance was the fact of the characters being "mute. The, enter- tainment concluded with the'-, mirth pi evoking representation of the "Ghosts' Revels." To-night the samo programme will bo repeated. THE REV. E. SYMONDS.-The ^Sydney corre- spondent of the Church News writes Tespootmg the Rev. E. Symonds, who, it will be remembered, was the clergyman for the parish of Glenorchy, wheii'lio left this for Sydney a few years ago :-" Since I last wrote, the'vacancy at Christ Church, North Shore (caused by the Rev. Dr. Clay, having, beeu compelled, "by delicacy in bisthioat^toWoitto the tiractlco of" his old'profession" iïs a physician), has leeu filled by the election of the, Rev. E. Symonds, formorly of your diocese." Wo may add that !Mr. Symonds has for some timo worthily filled the' editor's chair of tho Australian Chutchman, a of England. THE SOCIETY ron THE PUEVENTION or CIIUELTY I o ANIMALS".-We received the information, which wasunfortunatcly overlooked in yesterday's Mercury, that the sixth committee meeting was held'aï 'the Society's Office on Saturday the 7th instant at 11 o'clock. Prceeiit-Mri W.".Gellibrand (Chairman.) Mrs. W. Walkor, Miss F. Cjarrptt, Miss Gellibrand (actingj lion.' sees.) Mr. J. Mitohell /Hon. Legal Ad visera.)'Mr. A. Park (Hon. V. S.) The minutos of the former meeting having been lead and con- firmed as also copies of letters watten by the committee's order, a long discussion ensued, concern- ing various acts of cruelty íeported to the com mjttec. Far obvious reasons the details of tbeso barbarities aro not mofjp public, it being tho design of tho society to try every pwer of'private romon stranoe before resorting to publicity and punishment. Tho sub-oommittoo, appointed to report upon thp advisability of bl inging the Jäooioty's opérations undor the uotico of the- soliolafs1 of the day sohools and Sunday Schools, brought up a verbal account of their work, with some practical suggestions thereon asking for mprc time for careful deliberation before furnishing a report/ By their ad vico the committee ordered that hand bills, containing the clauses of the act bo forwarded to every school uudertho Board of Education, such hand, billa, fe» bo enclosed in circulars asking for"thb" co-operation qf t)jO re- spectivo teachers. The meeting whs then adjourned till /Saturday next. ' ' .-SfN,oyL>E( PüATir. ov A Cow.-Ou Saturday a cow, tho property of Mr. Tibballs,1'bootmaker," Liverpool-street, died at tjoi don's Run, near tho Waterworks, under ratlior singular circumstances, The animal had beonjat tho rim somo three or four months, but at the end of last week Mr. Tibballs received information that the cow was starving, although she was in good health when first sent to Gordon's. On the owner visiting the run he found tlio coy lying down and unable to get up, 'as Mr. Tibballp thought, fron» having been starved. Mr. Tibbal]1} had tifkon sqinc chafjf with him, 'and tho animal atoVayonous)y of >t, and afgjr awhile got jip and rushed away down the hill when she again'fell, and died on the spot. The circumstance, was re- ported to Mr. George Stuart, tho offloep of the Society for tho Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, who ascertained the particulars from Mr. Tibballs, ¡md yesterday afternoon proceeded to Gordon's in a oab, taking v/ith him Mr. Park, the veterinary surgeoö, 'who made a post mcr/cj') examination, and soon discovered the causo i' in the cow's ntoinaoh was a large black lump, interspersed with whioh were threo hair pins, one protruding through tho coate of tho st/jnjaoh, clearly proving »Mid ( Cause of death, and exonerating the owner of the run." Pro- bably when at home, the animal had bepn fed with lnasbes by tl»e' fo'mahj servant, \ylm lost her hair pins in the hfäih EYI'OOT OF SÜT'EP.-"fly the s s/'-fnYarua ' on Friday, two 2-tooth, and two i-tooth merino rams, sold by Messrs. W. Gibson and SonB, of Nativo Point, Perth, to Messrs. Watson Shennan of Otago, were sent to New Zealand. j¡~¡ A Spjuu,i ApfiPENT occurred on Satuulay after- noon to à party of Mr. W.'T. Bell's family and friends whilst on an' exenrsion to Rose's Rocks. Thoy wo'ro (relatos the ¡¡¿amiiier) driving in a covered wagbridti'o-Miss Bell, Miss Clyno, Miss Pnnly WestbrgoU, and Mr. 'Aitb»r Boll ¡brother to W. T, Bell) riding inside ; ajjd M/sscs Edjtji ana Florcneo .Bell sitting on tim box w»tli flip driver. When passing ovoranowly»n»ade embankment i|par Mr. P. do Boinfoid's residence, about Iialf-nast 3 o'clock, tho horse shied and started to the side of the road, capsizing the vehicle over tho edge of the embankment, winch, at that place, was about ïw.tïyiç' feet deep. The party insido tho vehicle ^ypre thpowii fo'gefher rith groat violeuoo, somo of tim Jadjfls Ijpifig mu'cli illili, ' cm} cwpqnjng. Mr. and Miss Hell maredied in getting qut ri.i>jckjy, ¡jnd the latter proceeded along the ruad fur help, and I fortunately met Mr, Jas, Atkinson on horseback, who immediately galloped back to Launceston' for IffPtoSi;}AJ.'J, and despatched Dr. Maddox te.tho stone' ' o^ tl>0 diwstei., In t]in meantiiiiq assis- tance was ob'taindd iii thoiioigHbâuriiQud aô;} '''pi'} ßt) Leonards, mid tho'sufferers Wni'O 'conveyed 't'6 the falter place,' where thoy wore attended by tho doctor, Miss Westbrook coming in1 to her father's' residence' in town'. Qn ¿ptting out of tho d6psi,c4 yghicle, JJr. Bell's attention Waa iii¿tíi¡t¿y directed to iíi^s j.:lorenco Bell, ' wlio was' Tying under ono of the foiawhapl«. (j'cftjng a çouplç of rails from tho fence, he and the uriVOf >nai)agC|} to raise the vehicle about a foot, and willi tho help of her sister Miss Florenco was able to drag herself free. Mis» Clyne had soveral teeth knocked out, and hoi-' jaw f íaclHre». The drivor was lim t a good deal, but it is boliovod that no bones VC1.0 broken. All the sufferers passed a good night, uno) 'typro tuf^r yesterday, although much bruised ami ßliakon, Miss l'lorrio Hall also suffering from tho shook, l'róm'the'diameter pt the- accident it is wonderful that' the'party escapad sô' veij ; ¿ho wnronotto was much'smashed,' and hall the hbrW'iIo^ >eniainkd very quiet j/ter the capsizo', it is impossible'to say wh^t ^10 conscuu'euco;} would liaVo been'. 'The embankment wJiero the accident ccnurrod was'not fenced in, though {Ko woytf Hhd'bèonordered%y t¡ho Road Trust two inoiiths'ago, pri)Vmgtiie-trute of tho old proverb that " delays aro dangerous.','' } A POSER.-If you give your word to anyone, kew wn you possibly keep it ? WATERLOO. -Another. and yet another of our Waterloo heroes havo cone to their rest. On 26th of last month ono William Tutly-and again on 9th of this month one, Edward Williams-died at the Invalid Depot, Cascades. The former was said to be 87 years of ago, the latter 88 ; botli assuredly well past the allotted three score and ten years of man's existence. It is but a few years back that the stiff, sturdy form of '-Old Ned" was to be seen at Risdon Ferry, M hero ho acted as boatman, and became almost a public character fiom his long services there. Many and many a hundred times, therefore, had he safely crossed the Derwent, and doubtless old Charon will as safely cross him over tho Styx in company, it may be, or otherwise, with his brother soldier, "who departed a [fortnight only before. 'Such'is'life,' and as with Sir'John Mooro when buried, . " k , " Not a druin wau heard, not a fun*nil noto,'* So with tho deceased may aptly be quoted Eliza's Cook's lines- , ; ,, , ','Xo sable pall, no waving plumo, No thousand torchlights to illume ; 1 ' No parting Blanco, no heavy toar Is teen to («II upon the bier," ? As in.the grave they wero buried.-Communicated. THE AUSTRALIAN 'CRICKETERS.-The Examiner writes :-The disagreements between our cricketers and W. G. Grace seems to have been amicably arranged, as it will be noticed that a match was commenced last Tluusday against Glouccstcrshsre. Gloucestershire in 1870 and 1S77 was the champion county and last season defeated an eleven of all England. It is ovor ten years ago since any other county eleven considered themselves strong enough te play a similar match', Mr. IMoherley, who made the highest score (23) made the best batting average for .Gloucestershire last year,, and in tho match against Notts scored 101. lu addition to tho gentle- man named and threo Graces (VV. G., E. M., nnd C. li1.,) the county claims J. A. Bush, W. R. Gilbert and Midwinter. A meeting has been called for Wednesday evening, at tho Criterion Hotel Laun- ceston, to consider the best means of recognising the distinguished position taken in the matches by Mr. George Bailey, tho'Tasmanian representative. Mr Bailoy is the only other player in the combined team, besides Mr. C. Banncrmann who bas scored a century during the matches. " STOLES PROPERTY,-The police require the owner of a copper preserving pan, for the supposed larceny of which, two men were arrested by Detective Simpson on Friday last. The pan which is valued at 303.' can be seen at the police office. ( Silt GroncîE BOWEN'.-The Ilnsbane Colmer writes : - If the news ' concerning Sir George Bowen's removal to Mauritius is true, we think his worst enemy may pity him. This, it seems, is the promotion which tho organs of the Berry Govern- ment boasted was to bo the reward of the course pursued by him duiing the late political crisis in Victoria, and a proof of the approbation with which his conduct was regarded in Dowuing-street. A more thorough cnso'of disrating could scarcely be conceived, and, were Sir George in good circum- stances, absolute retirement into private life would bo infinitely preferablo to such an ingominious fall. Mauritius will for oí few dayB possess an interest for Australians i that it never had befoic, on account of .this sontenco of banishment thereto in iunictcd on the Governor of longest standing, and, in some sense, .of highest official position in this part . of tile world., It was discovered by the iPortnguese ; the Dutch formed a settlement there, 'nndthe French took possession of it, helped in their peculiar way to colonise it, and held it to A.D. 1S10, when it wasjcaptured by the British, Its principal towri is Port Louis, 'an insignificant place at best ; its groat and almost solooxports aro low-class sugar aud rum ; its population numbers something over 300,000, mid is much mixed. There is fiist a mixed , French mid British aristocracy of a fow hundreds ; then a Franco-British middle and lower class of allont five te ten thousand ; and the balance, very much mixed, of the black and yellow laces-African, Chinese, and Malagash-with a dash of Eutopeau blood, hero and .there that is scarcely an impiove mont. Its public lovenue in 1S7Ó was about £700,000 ; ite expenditure "a fow thousands moro, and its debt about a million sterling. Its Governor gets £13000 a year, and is not troubled with repre- sentative institutions and all their attendant evils. It has neithornn Age not an Argus, but contents itself with a Gazette, printed in French and Eng- lish. Poor Sir George ! St. Lawreneo on "the grid- iron never was so roasted as you will bo during the next couple of months in Melbourne, forVietoiiau politicians and journalists are strangers to morey. A SAILOR'S HOME.-The following oxtract from tho ,September issuoi of the Victorian IndepemlnU will, ' we feel assured, interest our readors ¡-As there has been much talk of late about "Rests" for sailors and working mon, and the good they are doing, I felt anxious to seo one for myself, and form au opinion fioni personal inspection. Accordingly, on a recent Saturday evening I visited the "Rest" at "Williamstown, being determined while there to mako good use of my eyes and ears. The edifice a building onco used for a church-is situated not far from the shipping and the railway workshops. I found the walls tastofully decorated with illumi- nated Scripture texts, while canaries, magpies, plants, ferns, otc.,.wcroplaced in various parts of tfiîa-tfffîy pa>"rfs'fd?W u¥ in'tho opposite corner were abundance of luxuries for sale, in tho 'shano of - tea, coffee, cocoa, lcnionade, ginger ale,, buns, scones, tolls, sand- wiches, ' lollies, fruit, tobacco, cigars, etc., etc. T¡Ue prices, too, aro'marvellously low, and "tho committee guarantee everything to be of the first quality," The occupants of the "Rest " seemed to bo of the working class, principally seamen, "mid- dies?;" inechanies, labomers, and young men,'with a very largo sprinkling of young Wopieii and woikiug men's wives. Thoy' were mostly gathered in numerous little knots orgioups around small tables. Some-were leading, some chatting, soino indulging themselves with delicacies from tho "bar," while others were playing gamos of chess, draughts, or dominoes. For the smokers a special room is pro- vided, where thirty or forty of them were enjoying tim " w<¡gd ',' to phpjr hearts' content. I spent near a couple of hours in tlio "liest," and beard no coaisc language, np saw apy bad bol|aviou'r. A general expression ht pleasiijp seemed to characterise the countenance of ovory one, and all wci-o decently ahd respectably dressed. Sovoral young ladies entertained tho company with music and solos, which, in the parlanoo of the "boards" brought down the house. From a bill of faie that was placed on the table, I s.tw that our friend, the Kev.,J. J. Holley was President of tho "Rest," and fronj what I heard, I should sw ho has been to a largo oxtcutj Us'ohief originator. I could not help feeling as f'le'ft tho' rflaço, that gi eat good would emanate from such a movement. TTiore is all that could be 'desired te ainuao, entertain, and prflfit the people, mimis the intoxicating cup and its surioundings. '1'ho " liest '' is open from six in the morning to twelve.at night, and is, purply a bitsmens matter, .the .committee wishing it te be distinctly understood, that there is no charily in the affair, as every articlo sold brings a fair profit, and thereby the' self- respect of evciyono is pie served. '- i j Mus. Ri A. DARU WILLE.-Tho New Zealand Jleruld of August 20, ropoits the sudden death on August 24, of Mrs. R. A. Dargavillc, who with her husband latejy loft Toiquay, lîivor Mersey, to settle in Now ^c'alaw], 'flip, canso of daath was heart disease. Mr,* RI A, Pargavillo and his wife had made every preparation for settling at Empara, a' houso 'having beim1 built for them, and their furniture, which they had brought from Tasmania, badi been sent up. NThoy have beou married 25 years. Deceased was'a daughter of Captain McCall, late of the 5th Dragoons, aud nicco of Colono! MoCal], of tho Enniskillen Dragoons. AN AnvENi-uRif JN -im¡ LIJ-K OJ. MR. FRANCIS. Mr. Stacey, one of tho lands Department officials ongaged in tho Moore-Allan controversy, is de- scribed by iMr. Mooro as an' enthusiast, with the most extraordinary, hallucinations upon subjects connected with his history, Quo of fheso, narrated by Mr. Mooio on Tncs(Jay¡ HI gj^tph io language (the Telcyyfiph, ¡3 of opinion!, js too godiT to meet oblivion.', Ho is under the impression that ho mot Mr." Francis in Natal some year» ago, though that 'gentleman then boro another name ; that Mr. Francis had'a wife and thirteen children at that time ; and that on a certain day ho took them out in a boat for a picnic, when a squall carno on, and ho caine back alone. , "Ho said," mysteriously whispered Mr. Staaoy in narrating this, "that the boat npsoíj-aui". they woio all drqwnod. IJo said sp, and whim ho mot mo' Ijfst in Slclhqurno, ho deiiúid havjng met 11319 before, tliótígji I was pure ho loqogiused mo.'' Mr. Finnc's, b,y-t)io-by, lias never boon in South Africa at al), " " ' How TO Disi'laitsu A Mon.-A now modo of dis- persing mobs has been disoovored, Baúl to supersede tho ueecsiity of a military force-it is, to pass aiound the contribution-box. 