THE MONKS OF THELEMA* : A NEW NOVEL.11 ? : ?' : ' ' b* ' '7 ...'?' WALTER BE3ANT AND JAMES EICB Authors of ' Ebadt MonbzMohtiboTj' 'Thb Golden Euiibbply,' &c;, &c.; Chapter XIX. The rank is but the guinea stamp, The man's a man for a' that.' .' All is lost, iny doar,' cried Desdemona when the fete was over, and the pair were sitting alone at midnight in Desdemona'a eel!. ' All seema lost ; that is, because while thore is no marriage* ring there is hopo. But to think that wo havo looted away our ngns 01 veto 1 Miranda could only sigh, ' Tho sight of thai girl, looking really beauti ful, for a girl in her position,' continued the elder lady, making the usual reservation, 'fin- ished tho man.' 'And ho thinks,' said Miranda bitterly, ' that I got up the whole scene for the sake of advising him ! I even to dream of his marrying AlmaBostock !' ' It has been all my doing,' Desdemona said in sorrowful accents. ' All mino. I told him ho ought to marry ; I devised the fete. I arranged the Surprise with Brother Peregrine I only am to blame. And yot, it is fate.' Then Miranda began to take comfort out oi what comfort remained. ' After all,' sho said ' if he is going to marry a country girl, ho might easily do worse. Alma Bostock will never rise to his level, but sho may be sympathetic ; and porhaps she will respect him. Oh ! Desdemona, it is a poor consolation, this ' may-be.' And I feel that I cannot any longer sympathise with Alan.' ' No ; that would bo difficult indeed. A man may make mistakes of all kinds ; he may even go and live in a village and pretend to bo a farm laborer ; but the mistake of such a marriago he may not make, for society will .never forgive that kind of mistake. A bad marriage— — ' Here she stopped and waa silent, thinking, perhaps, of her own married life. ' There ought,' she went on, f to be special juries, composed entirely of married men— and they should bo gentlemen, not greengrocers— to consider cases of mistakes in marriage; and divorcoBhould.be granted ob the only relief. Poor dear Alan ! Poor mad Hamlet. Go to bed, my dear Ophelia, and sleep with happy dreams, while I think how I can alter the last act, an.d turn it into AU'a Well that Ends Well. '* And when the next day Lord Alwyne camo on a ?Published by special arrangement wish tho author visit to tho Abbey, Desdemona rcceive'd him' \a feai, no» daring to t«ll of the impending ticrutfoj ? Ho began {0 talk at onco about hia son, ? , ?i-'s 'I havo seen Alan sitting in a laboiei'it but* tage, with a stone floor and a deal table; 1 hare also seen him masquerading in a smock-fioclr/ : with a cart. -And after that^ Deadomon*, 1 felt that there was no f urthor room far aatonisniB()B& whatever tho misRuided boy might do. Ik is not a pleasant thing, however, for an old-fashioned father to see hia son's name flourishing ia iho' papers. Tho other day thoy had a special column and a half dovoted to an account of a- visit -to Wovlond, and an interview with tho chepftord Squire* aa they wero pleased to call Alan.' j Desdemona could say nothing ia solace, he* ? cause what was coming was a groat deal worse than what had gone before. And they talked # other things. In fact, Alan came ovor without delay to com* munieato hia intentions to hia father. It Wai filial of him ; and I suppose thoro wero still somo remains of ancient prejudice aa regarda ranli and casto about him, bocauao ho approached tho Bub^ joct with some hesitation. ' I fear,' he said to hia father, ' that) y«B have no sympathy with my proaont moilo of life.' ' 'Why, no, Alan, I certainly havo tot.' DeBdemonajyas presont; in fact, tho interview took placo in her 'coll,' whero she and/ Lord Alwyne had beon holding an animated convorea* tion ovor cortain memories of old days— the dajis when sho was young, whon thero wero little suppors af tor tho performance, and little- dinners at Richmond on Sunday afternoons. Alxn'i Budd^S appcaranco, with his gravo faco and solemn eyes, rudoly disturbed this harm onions duet of reminisconce. - . ' No, Alan,' his father ropoatod,, ' I hftva never attomptod tho nocossary effort at pumping up sympathy for you, it would require too great an exortion; but I pity you, my doar boy. J fifl.il I can manago so much without fatigue.' Alan smiled. He oould afford to bo pitied : but he could not afford to fail andberidiculod. -? ' Porhaps you will pity me moro when I lell you what I am going to do noxt.' 1 'I don't think I could,' said Lord Alwyn^ lazily, ' All my available pity, now that my oldf friends and' I havo to pity each other for tho loss of youth, is yours already. There ia only a cer* tain amount of pity in every man's constitution, Mon differ, however, perhaps, as they differ ia . weight. You may try, if you liko, Alan.' ' I 'I have been long thinking upon tho beat waji to bridgo ovor the gulf which divides mo itom the mind of tho laboring classes.' ' i 1 ? ' 1 thought.you had answered it by jumping into tho gulf, just as young Parisian!), who- think that everything is finishod, jump into tho Seirio,' But if that did not do ? ' T ' It did not quite Iu fact, I havo had t&coni; fess lately that my experiment has in some xo* specta beon a failure.' ;! 'Aha,.' Now I am really glad to learn that. I am interested this time. Then, Alan, I hope that you will give up masquorading as tho homoly swain, and como back to our arms as tho country gentleman again. Desdemona will forgive yen, and all shall be forgotten. Wo will never allude to the past again.' ''. Alan shook hia head, IC Not yec, Bir, I tbiahV Moat likely, not at all ; because I am now going to commit mysolf to an act which ia also ex* porimontal; and yet, if it fails, it can neves bfl ? undone.' ' ' That sounds very serious. Do you know wl at he means, Desdemona ?' 'lam afraid I know too well.' : 'la fact,' continued Alan, not facing hifl father's eyes, but unoasily playing with the ' -nr* namontfi on tho mantel-shelf, ' I havo come to the conclusion that the only way for onf class to understand another is for them to interi marry.' . -???'*? 'I see,' said Lord Alwyne slowly, while a look of pain and disappointment crossed his face, ' I Bee— and you propose— yoursolf— to inter* marry with the class which is the lowest. Jt tbafso?' ????',: ?' That is what I mean.' ?-: 'Do you wish to introduce this as a general practice, or to illustrate ia your own case how the theory works i' » ' I live in the way I think best for carrying &&$ my own ideas,' Baid Alan, with a littlopridei; ' Others may follow mo or not, as thoy may think best. I am only sorry that my proceedings muei shock your feelings.'- -i ' Nothing.shocks me,' aaid Lord Alwyne;«a« truthfully ; ' I am too old to be shocked by uaj* thing. And, besides, your idea is not a new- euo; Eoyal houses have of ten bridged over tbo guH by marriago— morganatic. By means of the female) branches, indeed, all ranks of society must baira been by this time thoroughly understood by tho higher class. Bat pray go on.' ....?.; 'I am perfectly serious,' said hia son. 'Toi intermarry with a family of the soil will be to create new sympathies, and establish, ties which* may lead to all sorts of valuable reaulto. Wo will suppose that I am married to— to a girl of this village, poor, of course, but creditably broughjb. up by respectable parents, endowed with as much, mother-wit aa any of her superiors, able to givo me her experience in dealing with the class from which she sprang ? ' ; - ' The situation is novel,' said Lord Alwyne ; 'but Idoubtif my imagination can follow it ia all its consequences ? ' n' ' Well, but will it not afford me opportunities* such as I could gain ia no other way of influenc ing tho villagers ? They will look on me as one- of themselves : I shall bo thoir cousin, theis brother. . . . You think thia wild on* thuaiaaro, I suppose?' he said in an altered voice, . ? ? 'No, my eon, not at all ; I think nothing.: You havo the advantage of ma by thirty years, That is a great pull to begin with. I shall not try to understand where the modern ideas eomo from, nor whither thoy tend. It might mafae mo uncomfortable. It might oven make me want to follow you, and, liko Don Quixoto, go a shepw herding in my old ago. That would bo detest* able. But I confess I am interested. Lotus*. Beet you marry this girl. You are thcrof ore. tbe cousin of half the village at once. That will, as tho fi-ret obvious consequence, enable them to borrow money of jou, Yon will live here, at your ow% nlace!' gssss^ . v ? ' ? r '' No : I shall- live in the village. Only I Bhall 'get- a moco comfortable place than 1^ am in at present.' \- ' That will be in some respects bettor. As to jtrou? wife's relations, now ; they would bo free of \- tho house?' i ' Surely ; that is part of my* purpoae. 16 -rould be an education for them to see how a household may bo simply conducted on principles -jjE tho beat taste.' ? { .' In caae o£ a dinner party, now, or an dvoning ? ' ? ' We should give no dinner-parties.' \- 'I waa only thinking/-' said Lord Alwyno '^Oftly, ' of an elementary difficulty— that of OTening dress. Excollent as your now relations ffduld bo in all tho rotations of lifo, I suppose that a dress-coat la not considered necessary in tijfeircirclo?' 4 'Suioly,' said Alan/ 'in such a matter $a this we need not stop to discuss evening dress.' ? f Indeed, no. As the. poet says : Tno rank fa but tho guinea stamp, Tho man's a man (or a' that. Tho matter only occurred to me in thinking of phat your own prejudices might be. Hero pro . indices. In smock-frock or evening dross, what is a man but a man ?' ?, Alan moved uneasily.' / 'Evening dress— evening dress,' ho repeated. ' What have we any moro to do with evening dress!' ? . ' Your wifo will be able to receivo,' pursued his fathor, ' at five o'clock tea. Dcsdemona, you will describe to me by letter, I am sure, how the Sisters of Thelma got on with the gentle— finnan tho employes in smock- frocks'. It will be almost liko a Bceno from tho opera .... By the way, . Alan-, at such receptions tho smocks aro clean, I suppose ?'/ , '.*My dear father, I am serious.' ; 'So am I, ray son— so am I. Never more so, ^assui'o you.' ? Lord Alwyhe's words wero genial onough, but his manner was cold. Alan knew without them Symptoms what his father's reception of his grand project would be. . ? 'And when you return to tho Hall, with yotir wife, whom you will have trained by that timo in your collage to the outward semblance, and perhaps the bearing, of a lady — what will you do then about the relations ? By that time, though, they, too, will have adopted the manners of polite . society, and will bo'able, I suppose, to hold their own at a dinnor or a ball. We shall have tho smock-frock in society at last.' Alan made a gesture of impatience. Ho was thinking of the present, and here was his father making suppositions about the future. . 'I shall never go back to the Hall,' he said, With decision. 'My Jifo is devoted to the Tillage.' . ' Yes : that is noble. But what about tho Children ? I supposo wo may contemplate that possibility. You cannot leave Wey land Court to jjny ono but your eldest son. Ho will, I suppoao, be trained to occupy his position as a gentle man?' , : Alan refused to contemplate the possibility of e/hildrcn at all. Children would complicate his ? proposed arrangements altogether. Thon Lord Alwyna summed up. ; Ho lay back, resting his eyes on the comely pro portions of Deadomona, and speaking languidly as if, which was the case, the business was begin Ding to bore him too much to talk about it. ? 'Of course, Alan, you know, without my tell Bng you, what must be my feelings as regards this ? project. In the benighted days of my youth I w&fl; taught that by birth, by education, and perhaps by the inheritance of those qualities which pushed my fathers to the front and kept ♦hem thoro, I was, by birth, one of the natural jteaders of the people. I chose my line, as my elder brother chose his ; and while he very properly accepted tho position of politician,' a aacriGce which must require a great deal of reso lution, I, for my part, preferred to become a leader in society. Up to the present I have seen no reason to regret my choice. Tho country never had bettor statesmen or hotter soldiers than whon {hey all came from one class. And I think it never will again have better, because our men havo nothing to gain, either in money or rank. Ihe other classes may produce poets, novelists, artiste, lawjers— all sorts of worthy and delight ful people— but has not yet produced great ad ministrators or groat generals. Arid, in ? my Opinion, that comes of descent. For work which requires a cool head and unflinching courago in the storms of unpopularity or ill success you want a man who inherits those qualities. That is my simple croud, Alan. The Fontaiue3 have been to the front for six hundred years or thereabouts. \- Tho Dunlops, your mother's people, have been country gentlemen,- knights, and soldiers for as long. And all the' time wo have kept on inter marrying. We have kept to our own class. You will marry out of it. For my own part, I do not wUh to bridge over the gulf between myaelf and my Borvants ; I would rather let that gulf remain. The oountry allows those to rise who aro strong enough to rise. Let the weak stay where they aro.' ? * ' 'Social economy ? ' began Alan; \- 'My dear boy, let us not begin with social economy. It will teach us nothing. We will discuss this affair no longer. Henceforward, Alan, I shall be very glad to see you, personally, . in London, but I can come to Weyland Court no more after you are'married.' - . ',} am BOrry ? * ara deeply ECrr7 -° P&ia; you, . air,' sairt Alan; 'but when higher duty than that of doferonco to your wishes falls upon me ? ' 'Vory well, Alan,' his father interrupted him. 'Wo understand each other, which 13 quite enough. Go your own way, and forget the old father, if you pleaso. But I cannot go along with yon. Shako hands, my boy ; wo have not quarrelled, and do not intend to.' Alan went away, his face rendered sadder. Ont m the park his eyes suddenly lit up, and ho raised his, bead. Was ho thinking of that bright aad blooming girl who sfood before them all in the aarquee, the light of the lamp.i upon her face, her lips parted, her bosom heaving, her eyes dancing wilb pride and joy while Brother Pere grino gave hor tho golden apple? It 1*3 quite possible. . Man is but man. Even Socrates, as OTOiybody who ha? read the Lay or Ariitotlo knows, succumbed to a protty' face. And as Alan proposed to marry her, ho was dans son droit in letting his thoughts run upon his future wife. But porhaps, after all, ho was thinking how Miranda would approve of this additional self sacrifico. . Whon ho was gono, Lord Alwyno turned to Dosdomona, raising his hands before . his face, palms outward. It is the gesture of sorrow, dis appointment, or disgust. ' ? ' . ? ' Poor Alan !' ho said— 'poor, boy ! All his fine theories havo come down to this : to live in a cottago, work as a common laboror,. and marry a laboring man's daughter. I always told my wife that bringing him up at homo would bo hie ruin. Marry a laborer's daughter !— bridge over the gulf !— oh ! Dosdemona, for tho h'rsb timo in my lifo I rogrot that we are not in Franco, before the Involution, and that I cannot got a kUre dc cachet,' ? ' Ho is not married yet,' said tho actress. ' Not yet ; but ho will bo married before long.' ' X say ho is not married yet.'/. . . 'Do you mean, ' Dosdomona, to hold out hopes.' ? i ?? ' ' I dp/' sho said. 'I will tell you. nothing moro : but I havo hopes, and I shall aot to work.' Lord Alwyne roflectod. 'I will not ask now,'.' ho said. ' I would rather not know. I cannot plot against my son. But Deadomona, in momory of our long; friendship, help mo if you can.' She did not answer for a while, sitting in thought, Preaontly hor cloar oyes became heavy with tears. ? v 'Ours has boon a long friendship, Lord Alwyne,' she said, ' and it is my greatest plea sure to think about it, It is twenty yoars sinco first you stood by the young actress, and protected her reputation against cruel attacks that were made upon me, and aro always made upon women of my profession. I am grateful for that. And it is five and twenty yoars sinco, when, in my day of trouble, there was no one in tho world but you who had tho courago to take mo out of it, and do it openly, -jo that no ono could throw a stone. As dear as my honor is to me, Lord Alwyno, so deep is my gratitude to you.!' Meanwhilo in Alau's brain was ringing tho name of the girl he had soon last night, hor faco lit up and surrounded as if by a nebula of joy and prido. . ? ... 'Alma Bostock..' . And while the namo went clanging in his brain, ho bogan to thick of his future fafchor-in law. The outlook in that direction was not very promising, ' Ho is crafty,' said Common Sonso. ' Ho is not a man of broad viows, bus hard, working,' 6aid Enthusiasm. ??*'? ' ' You suspect his honesty,' said Common Senso. ? ? . ??-.?? . 'That is because lam- growing suspicions,' replied Enthusiasm. ' He thinks bad beer and you think fine claret,' said Common Sense. ' ' Then we will teach him a liking for . claret,' - said Euthusiasm. And so on, carrying on the conversation for a mile and a half, until all that could be said against the worthy Bailiff had boen said, and the result remained that if over . there wa3 a fitting subject for tho operation of example, precept, j and exhortation in the direction of tho Higher | Culture, Bailiff Bostock was that special subject, j And he could be got at readily by means of his daughter, Alma Bostcck ! Now that tho idea of marriago was assuming a concreto form instead ofavagneand shadowy umbra, liko n ghost to look at and quite as terrifying, it did not soom bo dreadful, a businoss. When Panurga was suffer ing from those cruel doubts of his concerning marriage, ho had no oho, so far as we have been informed, in his eye. Now Alma Bostock ap peared to Alan tho very girl made to his hand. Thero must be, he had always said, somo ap proach to delicacy in his wife, This he could hardly expect to find in tho coarse and red handed daughter of a ploughman. Hi%wifo must belong to the class among whom he was about to live. Alma's father was but a step removed, while her mother was herself the daughter of a cottager. Here ho made a groat mistake. Bailiff Bostock considered himself much moro than a stop abovo tho laborer, just as the Queen mu3t find it difficult to understand, even with, tho help of Mi83 Yonge's novels, the littlo distinctions of middle life— how the chemist is' a greater man than the grocer : how the smallest professional man keeps apart from trade : how ? the' curate cannot break broad with a ro'taile'r— so Alan Dun lop did not understand that his Bailiff stood upon a platform a great deal higher than his laborers, and that Alma, whatovor she might do, would ' certainly not be likely to sympathise with tho rustic*. Alma Bostock was tho one girl in. the village who would do for him — of that ho was quito cortain. All the rest wore coarce, commonplace, repulsive. ' . .' ? He spent an agitated evening, wandering into tho library arid out of it, talking in a.'purposolcss way with Prudence,' his librarian. '. Tliero was no one else thero, of course. ' , . . .' 'Prudence, you must ho lonely, 'sitting hero every evening, and no 'ono' coming here but your self.' ? ; ? I:;.!... 'No, sir, not very lonely ,\ I'vo got tho books.' . ' ' ' ??? ' Wo must find somo one to come hero a good deal, and brighten up things for you.' Ho was thinking in somo vague way how Alma would set tho example of spending an evening or two evory week among tho books, and how that example would spread. The next morning, in stead of going off to tho farm work, ho put on tbs ordinary habilimonts of an English gontlo man, and wont over to the farm- houso. It was nino o'clock when he started. Miranda, he thought with a pang, reflecting how his mar riage would separate him from her, was at that moment taxing breakfast— probably at tho Abbey. The members of the Order would bo dropping in one by ono in their lazy fashion. There would bo deviaing of plaoa for the day, talking over all tho thing? which rojoico culti vated men and women ; e.nd all in tho pleasant Boftnossof ease/and art, and luxury. And ho was going to cut lumsolf off at one'etroko from this Castle of Indolence. Waa it 70! too lato ? Yea : tho experiment rount be iriod : bia long mattfrod scheme for tho regeneration of mankind must be- carried out to tho vory end, Farewell, ' Thelema : farewell, Desdemona: farewell, Mi randa, For here he was at the garden-gate, and there, in tho gardon, was the very girl whom ho came to woo. '« . I think that evon Miranda, Nelly, and Dosdo mona, jealous as they wore of conceding beauty to women of the lower class, would ha*e acknow ledged that Alma Bostock, standing in the gar den, made a pretty picture in the morning sun light. It wa3 a long, narrow gardon, sloping down tho hill on which the house stood. On either aide was an orchard, and itray apple trees were standing in the garden itself. These were old, and covered with yellow lichen, which contrasted with the dark branches, and the light green leaves. Behind tho garden was the farm house, a picturesque and gabled red brick house, with ivy climbing over one end of it, and throw ing arms round the angles so aa to embrace the wholo housd Facing tho garden, a window on cither sido, was a broad and- massive porch of wood- work, round which the creepers clung and clambered. Tiio gardon wa3 planted with goose borryibushea, currant-bushes, raspberry-canes and currant-beds. Thoro was a harrow walk in it from the porch to the gardon-gate, bordered with box, and between the box an edging of fldwors— such as giily-flowdr, -double- stocks, swOet-william, candytuft, Venus's looking-glass, London pride, and : mignonette— the kind of flowers which requirifleast gardening ; and there wore a few ' standard roses cl030 to the house itself. Under the apple-trees, with the soft light of the sunshine broken up into a thousand fragments by the dancing 'leaves before it fell upon her, stood Alma herself. She was out thoro to -gather rod currants, and she had a baskot on her arm for the purpose ; but shd 'was not galhoring currants at all, only standing with head bare, and thrown back, gazing into the distance, lost in meditation. Alan thought of certain Iino3 of poetry,- and his heart softened towards, the -damsel. She lookod dainty all over. Her 'hoad' was shapely and:her profile clear ; her dre'33 -fitted' her protty figure perfectly :' in fact, ;hor,f mother, formerly lady's maid to Alan's mother, made it' for her. ' And it was of a soft grey color, which suited the light greenery of tho apple leaves. One of her arms was bare ; and it was not a red and blowsy arm— not at all-rit was as white' as'any arm could be,.and as well shaped; And on either aide of the garden lay the orchard/ with' little-glades of sunlight and or shade. While Alan looked, tho girl tied a hand korchief 'over hor h'oad; which set her' face in a white frame,- and made her look ten' times as pretty. ? Sb_pretty-a'girl, Alan thought, could hot be'other'ihah bright and sym pathetic,- and quick to feel' and ;t6 'respond. Ba« sidos, was she1 riot the seiection'and choice of Miranda? As for Alma, indeed, opinions among her ac quaintance were 'divided. For her enemies, who were the young women of the placo, declared that ,Bbe was deceitful and treacherous; \ They also said that she. was by no means so pretty aa she thought herself.' The young men of- the place, on the other hand — curious what diversity of opinion may exist in the smallest- villago— de- clared that there was nobody ' so protty as, Alma BostoQk. - The only objection they had to her waa that she held hor head so high / and inado beliove to be a lady. ? , ?????'?? ' '? - - ; Moantime, she stood beneath -the trees, a vory protty picture Did a painter want to draw the ideal country girl, engaged in the ideal- country, occupation, he would- find no more charming picture than that of Alma in the gardon, with her basket ready to hold tho ripe red-currants. ' A very pretty picture, and a suggestive picture. Alan's thoughts flow with a rush to tho Arcadian life he had imagined, which would, with tbohelp of Alma; begin as soon as the wedding- bolls Bhould ring. ''.'?'. Ho lifted the Jatcb, opened tho garden-door, and stopped in to begin his wooing. Chapter XZ. ? . ? Hor disposition eho inherits, which maUej fair gifts fairer. . , Alma BoBtock saw Mr. Dunlop open the gate and walk up the path without any other emotion than a kttle surprise that he should be without his coiitemptibld smock-frock.' She held him in. small respect, considering his self-denying lifo as a proof' of mere.feebleness of brain; but .ho was undoubtedly a man to whom outward respect was due, as the fountain and source of the family well-being. There was perhaps another reason why she regarded Alan with some contempt. It is well known in her class,' and among her sex, that gontlemon,' of whatever rank, are, not insensible to the attractions of pretty girls, oven when of lowly birth. Alma had good reasons for knowing the fact, Only a week before, Mr. Calcdon, meeting her in a shady lano, whilo sho wa3 balancing a baskot on her head, bet her a sovereign that ho couldn't kiss her lips without the basket falling off. Ho lo'st tho bet. And Mr. linger Exton, tho gentleman who gave her the golden apple— ^made hor Beauty. Lanreato— tho funny man with the lines about bis face, walked .homo with her through the park,'foben Misa Miranda and the ladies had gono away, and insisted on payment of the promised reward, But from .Mr, Dunlop, who was so much about the plaso, no attention of that or any other kind, No uso being; tho prottioKt girl in tho village, if you get no' com- pliments by it, Might as well ' be the ugliest. Mr. Dunlop had eyes for nobody, they said, but Miss Miranda. And yet in no hurry to put up the banns. '.'..- If it had boon Tom Calcdon marching up the path, Alma would havo smiled and nodded gaily, sure of a talk and a laugh. As it was only Mr. Dunlop, she made a salutation of ceremony, which was by no means too graaoful. Alan's thoughts were quito simple. ',She is good-looking,' ho might have said. 'A little awkward, which teaching will cure. I wish she would not drop a curtuoy. She looks appreciative, as woll as protty. Slie must bo sympathetic and ready, otborwUe Mirapda would novor havo selected her. Of cour.so, I am' not tho least in love wi^h hor. How could ono bo# after Miranda!' ? ? . 'Good-nrornin/j, Alma,' ho said, taking off his hat/, as to'a young lady. Alma 'thought this cold and ceremonious, but quito characteristic of the Squire. 'I camo ovor to fioo yoii byyouo eolf, Aro yon alono?' ' ' '' To seo mo, air?' Bho aaked) with wonder* 'Yes,.Iani alono. Mother's gone a-marfcotiDg, . and father's about tho placo aonwwhere.' ' Alono. '?? Then we can talk, you and I ?' 'Yes, sir,' Alma, at sight of those solomn eyes gazing intently and earnestly in her face, felt her ancient respect for Mr. Dunlop increase rapidly, until it almo3t amounted to funk. 'Yes, sir. Thero ia no one here, Will you come in out of the hot sun? Fathor'll be in for dinner, and I'll givo-him your mossago.' . ' ' My message is altogether for yourself, Alma. You may tell your father afterwards if you like.' What on earth was he going to say? Could that rash fellow, Harry, who promised to toll nobody' anything, havo gono talking to the Squiro? It viust be Harry; and what a rage father would bo in ! Certainly, Harry's position in society was not that which could be expected 6t one who would mate with a Bostock. , With these misgivings, Alma led thoaway into the best jroom, the apartment reserved wholly for visitors of distinction. It was a room of small dimensions ; what, however, it lackod in space it made up in stiffness, liko some small dame of dignified and upright bearing, decked in antique bravery. Tho table had a dozen keepsakes, and such light reading, ranged round it. There wore slippery, horso-hair chairs, in which no ono could sit, unless he held on by tho back of the -next chair ; and a horsehair sofaf on which if any one had ever tried to recline, needs must that he repent it afterwards. And tho artificial flowers on. the mantel-shelf, and the vase3 of thirty years ago, and the cheap German prints, and the cold ness of the room, whose windows woro 'never opened, struck Alan's heart with a chill. And yet what a Toom might this be made when the principles of the Higher Culture should have .taken root ! On the right of the window, tho protty wooden porch, covered with its creepers; on tho left, a littlo lawn, with standard roses; and boyond, the greenery of tho orchard. A room whose windows should opon to the ground, which should be hung with light draperies, and painted in green and grey, and furnished in black, with just a little china. The girl herself, [ Alan thoaghfc, would sot off tho picture, wore she but dressed to correspond with tho furniture. 'What is it, Mr. Dunlop 2' He recovered himBolf and looked at her again with a curious gaze, half of inquiry, half of hesitation, which frightened her. Ho could not, really, have seen .Tom. Caledon— no ;' that was impossible. And no businoss of his if he had. It must be Harry. ' Won't father do as well, Mr. Dunlop ?' 'No,' he replied, 'he will not do nearly as well.' He sat clown, but the trbacherous nature of tho horsehair ohair caused him to abandon this attempt in confusion. Then they both remained standing, rather awkwardly, Alan beside' the table, and Alma by the window. ? 'You know,' he went on, 'what I am en deavoring to effect in this village— and I hope my work has your sympathy and that you under stand ita great aim— to increase the love' for Culture and the practices of. the' Higher Life. Your fathor londs mo his cordial aid'— here Alma turned away to hido a smile—' You have seen me at work for a good many months. And you havo seen, I dare say, that my efforis, so far, have been a failure.' \- 'Well; sir,' said' Alma,. 'I. always did say that for the SJquire.topiit^on a smock-frock liko a common r laborer and, go' a haymaking, and reaping; and hedging with a passel 0' village boys was a thing I 'couldn't, hold with. ' And mother Efaid:- the same; ; said my lady would ha' blush red krseo;thq'day. Father,, he only. said, 'Let him alone.'; That's' all father ever said. But he's thatdeep, is father.' . . ' Yea,' Alan wont on, ' we havo not succeeded very well, he thinks. Your mother and you were right so far as you understood. And your fathor, in his rough way, was also right in saying 'Lob him alone.' It ia what I expected of him. However, I have found at last the maiu cause of my failure/and it ia this, Alma— alono and single-handed I cannot do much in the direction of culture, I can only setan example which may or may not be followed. If I am married, now ; if I am married to a girl who understood the classes among whom I labor— don't you seo. Alma ? — I should be working double, not single. Do you begin to understand?' , . .. . Not at first. She looked wonderingly in his face. Thon, all of a sudden, sho did understand, and first she turnod red and then 'ashy pale. Could it be? Was she in her sonses? And the Squire, too. And never so much as a chuckle under the chin from him to give her warning of what ho wanted. ' I will repeat,' ho said, 'I want to find a girl who understands, as -J never can really under stand, the classes among whom I work. I want her to marry mo in order that I may work with double my present efficiency. I want her to join with me in learning what is best, teaching what is best, practising what ia best, and showing by our own example, plain for all to see, tho life that belongs to tho higher civilisation.' It could not be. But yet— but yet— things looked like it. If tho Squiro did not mean that, what could the squire mean ? ' Will you,' ho added, ' will you marry mo, Alma?'.' ' There waa no possible mistako about that invitation. Five words most unmistakable. As Alma lookod at Alan: with frightened, wonder stricken oyes, so looked .Somelo when Zsus proclaimed his love and told her who he was. So also, but with the shoepiihnoss natural to his sex, young Anchises gazod upon the whito-limbod Thetis when sho astonished him by Btoaling up along the goldon Bands, dripping wet, rosplend ent in her beauty.and radiant with hor newborn lovo. So lookod the beggar-maid when sho loft hor ba/rol-organ and received from Kiug Cophe tua, not a royal penny, with a royal pat upon her fair cheek, but ^nstead'a goldon wodding-ring, or the offer' of one,' when that monarch, in robe and crown, stepped from bio throno to moot and greet her on hor way. Tho ago of that monjrch isnowherb mentionod, but it must have boon very advanced, and his rash act was speedily followed by deposition and consignment to tho County Asylum. . ? , Alma did not answer— sho could .not answor —porhaps thinking of Harry. But sho. lookpd him straight ia tho faco and tried to uadorstoacl, this wondorful proposal. ' ;' ' ' J ' ' In two minutes you can; get through a good deal of thinking, ' . What in the world would Harry say ? Sweet passages — many passages .sweet and tonder— had gone on between Harry and howolf. Would ho take it crying, or would ho take it swearing? Then the thought of Woyland Court. Qb. Shewonld be mistress' of that beautiful placo, whero hor mother, always iull of H3 glories, had been lady's-maid. She would be the lady— with a carriage to drive in and horses to ride-- tho equal of Miss Dalmeny, the superior of Miss Doa pard. And what would Harry say when slid -^ drove by resplondent in silk and satin ?'.....? Help in his work? .What did Mr. Dunlop mean by that ? ' Well, Alma, what do you say !' 'I don't know what, to say/', sho replied; ' I'm struck of aheap.' ? ??:-??- Alan shuddored. 'Struck of aheap !' But then the training had not begun. 'Miaa Dal meny did not prepare you for this proposal? I thought that she had spoken to you about ? it.' - ; . . . ' Miss Dalmony !' She opened her bluo. eyoa wider, u Why, what in the world should Misa . Dalmony want you to marry me for ? And every body says that you and sho are as good aa hand faated, a'ready.' Really, this young woman would requiro a good, deal of training. ? 'Never mind Miss Dalmeny, then, ' b'ufc consider what I propose. Will you marry me?' '. It can't bo real.' said Alma ; scared out of her wits. How different from Tom Caledon, and indeed, all the gentlemen with whom ' she waa 'acquainted. A laugh and a compliment ; a kind word or, perhaps, if no one waa handy by, a kisa — whicb/in young ladies of Alma's, position of, life, is neither hero nor there, a more uucon siderod trifle. But to stand thero cold and quiet playing with hia watch-chain and waiting for aa answer ! . ... 'It can't boreal,' she repeated, turning tha corners of her apron in her fingers. This may bo objected to as a trick of the stage, but all tricka of the stage come originally from life, outside tho house, and some old fashions linger ; therefore, Alma, being, as she subsequently described it, in a quandary, the like of which she had tfbvor experienced, turned the corners of her apron in her fingers. ? ? ' -....??? ' I thought you had received some intimation,' Alan went on, feeling a little pity for. the em barrassment of the girl. 'I. do not come' to you, as you see, professing passionate love. That ia not at all my motive in offering you marriago. You may, however, depend on receiving all possiblo kindness and consideration. And 1 do not invite you to a life of luxury and ease. ' Nob at all. You will go on living just_as you do now, only with attention to more externals.' She did not understand one single syllable that heaaid. ' Marry her, and go on living aa sho was accustomed to live ?' -r . -? 'What I want in a wife especially is advica, sympathy, help. She will supplement my ' own deficiencies of knowledge. ' I want her to be always at my hand suggesting the one right- way and preventing all the wrong ways. I want, hor, in fact, to be the Lieutenant in my work. - Can you do this, Alma ? Can you be this to me?'1 She gazed at him in mere stupid bewilderment. Give him — Mr. Dunlop— advice ?? Give' him — ? the Squire— sympathy. She thought sympathy - meant pitying people who are unlucky enough to have fevers, rheumatisms, or prison fare. What did he want sympathy for ? And thba to give him help ? ? '' Perhaps he was cracked. People in the villago did whisper that the young Squire must have a soft place in his head. To be surd, if he had come like a lover should — . ' .... tho young man, hie cornea dancing, With a ' How do you do my doar ?'— . .' if he. had told her that because she wab such' a very pretty girl, and because her oyes were 'so blue, her lipa so rosy, her cheek so' soft, -and because she had.won the golden apple, whioh was ft proof of her. superiority, and because she must, being so beautiful, necessarily be good i in pro. portion, therefore he had fallen madly in love with her : then, indeed, she would have believe! entirely in his sanity. But to march gravely into the house, to look at heraa if he was & schoolmaster and she a pupil who- had doiio wrong things, with those solemn' oy'os of his,' and then to say that be wautod.to marry her in order to get assistance in his work— why, the m'ftu must be gone. clean starking-starihg mad.' '?'-'? Marry her and go on living as. she had been living ? Churning buttor, perhaps. Oh' ! yen, and she Mistress of Wey land CourU Likely I And milking cows— and. shb with her bestifrock on every day. Or darning stockinga^-and sho with silk ones. Picking red currants— and she with, a dozen servants. And perhaps: making tho beds. Very likely. Work, sho imagined, meant this kind of work and nothing else. Ho must bo mad. - ? . ?-?'?-??? 'Come, Alma,' said Alan, who had beon listening patiently, ' what do you say ?'?' ' I don't know,' sho replied with hesitation, '.' about helping itt your work. But I've always been used to bouse- work, and I suppose I should be able to loam what you wantod mo to learn. Only I didn't understand. But you don't roally mean it, Mr. Dunlop? It's only somo of your fino gentleman's fun,' ? -. - The idea of Alan Dunlop evor having mani* festod any fine gentleman's fun in bis lite ! ' You can't mean, it,' she went on. 'Upat tho Court, with all thpso beautiful Sistors to pick and choose from.' Alma's notions of Alan'a irresistible 'charms might havo pleased a vainer man, but ho rocoivod tho words with a Bhuddor. Fancy ' picking and ohboBing' among such girls as Sistors Miranda, Rosalind, Cecilia, . and the real.. ' There's Mifia Despard a* bdauti* ful, as beautiful. Or there's Mitm Miranda ?herself, like a Queon. And yot you come to mo y and tell rao you want to marry mo.' ! Was thon tho Dvoil du Seigneur over in forca in this country ? It novor once occurred to Alma that bho could rofuso so w'ondorful and surprising a proposal. '. . ' To bo ouro Iho position w.13 romarkablp. ' You do not quito umloratatid as yet, Alma^' said Alan gravoly. ' With the'so yotfug ladiefl thera has been no qnostion of marriage. And I propose this— this union— in the hope and belief that by forming new ties— I am afraid, however, that I cannot makoyou entirely comprehend my views all at once. Trust yourself to mo, Alma, and I think you will never have reason to regret yonr consent.' . ? He holdout his hand and she took., it. Tho manners of the upper classes are singularly cold. How different from Harry ! Why, .only last night, when be took leave after a stealthy and harried interview at the gardon-gato, had he not with his arm round her waiat, given her kisses twain — fair and honest kisses— one on either cheek? Did gentlefolk never kiss eaoh other ? If Miss Miranda had said yes, would he not have kissed her? A pang of jaalousy crossed the girl's heart. 'She was not good enough, then, to .be kissed?' ' We will meet again to-morrow, Alma,' said her suitor. ' There is a great deal to be talked over. For the present, good-bye.' Ha was gone, and she, though, with the slen der power of imagination at her command, she found it difficult to believe, was actually be trothed to Mr. Dunlop, the owner of Weyland Court. 