ST. ANDREW'S, PERTH. LAYING ' OF THE 'FOUNDATION STONE OF THE "NEW'OHUROCH:. " Yesterday-tlihe ceremony, of laying tllhe foundation stone? of tho' now Church of England at tlr took'place as announced. Special' trains' by tile' Laincstdno and "Western Railway were laidon by the kind comsideration of MrIt.; W. Lord, manager; one frboilLadnceeston at 10.45, and one front Longford at 1150 a.m. Those were not nearly~so, well patronizcd as the im portance of the occasion and the inviting conditions of tie .weather·6ould have-le us to anticipate; When. we' arried at Perth therod were indiatioiis of a gala da:; The site of the now church is the OChurch Reserve of about an acre, adjacent to the Public School grounds, and. a display Hof bunting told of the scene of opoeratiois: We wore surprised to gso that the walls of the now structure had booei built uip to a height of from 4 to 0 foot. T The corner stone was prepared for flxize at the nlorth-east anglo in the' chancgol,'tle pulley, tackling icdluding onoe of thb patsent run ing chains, a considerable i'iprovieiant upon the old style of ropoe and block: :.Ve may Ihere mention that tlio dliaricl is after' plans and deigns byy Mr" Harry O'dnay, the architect; s tihe old English stylo, 'to be built of brick coinoht , thl dlsioinsons' 50ft clear iiilongtl, 25ftui'widtlb'18ft in height tdtlie plato;,oopen'roof, tlo dimonn-' lions "from'. the 'oor .t..' th apox moaisuridig 30ft. The clihanicel is2ft .by 13ft Din, and rsmall. vestry. Tlhrb'is .a porohl8ft aq?juiro, and the desiii embraces a tower at thlo.endri detachld' tih'b'spire having alilso of 041t.' Theo stimated cost of the work is £1820. The east and west t ends will be filled in with large 3 light d windows. The'ipternal fittings to be sub ject to future .consilerajion. -An awning t was erecti near' thb-esoni;; and Tencbies were placed for the conveahionce of the b choir, the clergy, and the ladies, and. others. :.A cabinet oran was brouglt to b the e.spot,. Mr / F.'._Ferygtson pre- e siding 'and iconductihig the `choir of Christ Church, Longford, to the members of which were assigned the choral I arrangements. The Right Rev. the c Bishpptolad been asked inthe first instance ; to b rseeent, but hig 'lordship cotld not I f make' iticonveciient to- attend.' His Worship the Mayor of Launceston 1 had engaged to perform the cere \- mony, but serious illness prevented. At 1 the last moment, almost, Miss Youl, al r member of a family devoted to the in 3 terests of-the Anglican-Church at Perth,. and the oSuperintendentof .the- Church LSunday'-school,' was.prevaled.upontolay e te stone, vhic.,'. tinder tho-ciroum stances, was, generally acknowledged to a be most appropriate, as' Miss Youl'e late t father had the li?ior to lay tlie founds l tion stone of the first Anglican Church in the: colony-namely, St. "John's Laun [ ceston. .Invitations had been gieno to the clergy generall3y to'seist'"bh the occa-' sion, but it was unfortunate that soveral fthrem were away. , Thel "Archdeacon on I. the coast, health, .recruiting 'Canon . Brownrigg on 'hi' minission trip in the t Straits i Rev. Mr Mace in Victoria; Rev. A. Barkwiay,detained' in town on pare Schial dity ;"itid'th' incumbents ofWeset- bury and Deloraine engaged elsewhere. d The clergy assembled' at ''emperance ' Hall .and walked, attired in their sur t- plices, to the site, tlierii.being present Le The' Rev. D. -Galer (Perth), Roev. C. to Vaughan (Campbell Town), Rev. Ji if. 'o Norman (Cresay), Rev.i,Canon ,;.'0,, e Irwin, M5A. (Hagloy), Rev. A. N. ,Mason (New Towrn),; Rer. A. Wayn (Longford), hi and:Rev. C.;W"' Power,(recently..arrived I1 inthe colony).. L.Thoe great majority of .n the spectators consisted of ladies aidchil It dren, including the' Ssiihday' scholars. m. Among the gentlemen, besides tli6 clirgy; were, Messrs iPykeo 'Chas: Youl, Alfred a, Youlj Croome, Pearson, Russell, East, O. .M:. ,'. 'Galer," F ? IFsrgdson, M'Ewani,' n Edivards, etc., bdsides Mr'Harry Conway, se the"-archiitlt' t"' Mr. Eldridgeo : assistant architect (lately from' England), eto., etc. to The order for. lying the foupdation ie stono of.a church or chapel in. uoe in ithis' ai diocese was 0observed, and copies were ad(:distributed 'amongst the bonigregatdi'. sir The Rove. Meosrs Galer, Vauglan,Wayn, ly. 'etc., took part in the devotional service, es some 'df which'was"' iitoned, the'psalms of being. chanted:" Thoe hymn, '" Christ'is e.- the foundation," having been 'slung, the sy. following statement was read by the Rev. in. A. N. Mason at the request of the incum g-, bent, being a copy of. the documentiti it esorted in the bottle placed under the ad stone :- ' a: ' , . 'I ; Ot New 'church of St. Andrew's, mPerth 'Tas d, mania, to replace the old church which: ia' so fallen into decay. id In the name of the Holy and ever-blessed aTrinity. Amen. ' r. This etoois laid by Miss Oharlotte Youl, on the'T1th'day of January, 1878, in the 41st"year of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen c Victoria, whom God bleds and preserve. '. :-1. o- .aovernor,' 'COmmander-in-Ohief,. and , Vice es Admiral of Tasmania, his Excelleney Fred. Ao loysius Weld, Esaq. S.Premier, lon..P.O. Fysh, Esq., member of the lHousoe of Aseembly. ,. ... , n- Lord Bishop of Tamanml, Charles Henry o0' lromby, D.D. A. Archdeacon of Hobart Towli, the Ven. . It.' o . M av tea.t '" ' ' , , .., , . - ,:,, , ' . . Archdeacon of Launceston; the Ven. Francis d Hales, . , . : .: Ie ' cumbent of Perth, the Rev. David Gaser, in Churhlwardee, James rPyke Marshall Ores. he well, asid JaTe Bird 14EB ' ' e. ' to Loy representative E.J. Henley Esq. ad Organist, a f hi Church, Ca h. Augustus Gahlor q . . . .... , ,. It 'Architect, Harry Conway, Esq. o, Contrgtors,:masonry, eto-,Messrs ll'Ewan ut. and Edwards. WVoodedwork, etc., Mr R. WV. SCost of 'eheah, with porbh,' £1420; and 'of y. the tower arid'spire, £400, exclusive of internal a fittings. ?:?. . ? l. .:.. I ,1 , ri st- British coins insorted with , this docunient heo beneath this .tone :--On farthing, one' half-' cenny, ene peiny, thlSreepey piece, fourponiy its pieeo,sixpence, and shilling. . .r-e it Newspapers--Church News,.Mfercuri,Tribune tConrall Chlonicie, sau cetsua Examiner, and .- the Launcrestn Evening Herald. n': The architect at this stage handed - to eMiss Yonl the trowel, with which she formally spread the mortar. Mr Eldridge also presenited ai bottle, lierimotically to sealed, containing the,statement, the ad coins, and the newspapers .of the. day, Ift which the lady duly' deposited .in.,the Incavity. , ' The : corner . stone. 'was then r lowered to its position, and being pro porly adjusted,' the millet'was Ihanded to na Miss' Youl, who perfornied the 'usual masonic ceremony, and said- ' to In the faith of Jesus Olrist, we pladoo this th foundation stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Ioly Ghost; adding it -I declare this stone to bo woll'and truly laid. Id The rev. incumbent (in tlhe absence of e- the Bishop) said-. , •b Here let true faith, the fear of God, and brotherly love over remain. ,This place is con secrated to prayer and to the praise of the M1ost n IIoly Name of the ameno our Lord Jesus Christ, who ever liveth with tho Father nod the Hdly Sa pirit, one God, world without end. It Miss Youl then said a 'few words-to the or spectators. Site said she felt great plea sure in performing the ceremony, which o I owing to circumstances she had only boen e. asked to do on the previousi eoening: Sho tr. said her fatlher laid the foundation stone Dp of the first Church ofEangland eroetedtin n. the colony, namely,' St. John's,'.Launces-. r- ton, and although many structures since 8\. built had crumbled. iito dust or boon lic pulled down, that was still standing.- She n was' in hopaes.that somer ono besides her n. self ivould' have consented' to 'la1' thiii stone, but they' had booei subject .to dis-' appointment. She' congratulated 'them' on the suiccess' thlat'had attended this [G effort hitherto;':and sale hoped ashoa 'milght' F live too iee theo struetire opened andifre Lie Mr '.Con y,"th~ 'arehsita?t' ??re' 'pre of snted tb Miss.Yul thd.'trowl.hioehll'had d . bn'usid it miglit'rdselnd ldrtin future ad daysobf the occalsh:bi' whii 'hid' had ad laid tho et dne.el- itio',,'h.i n"w't'as in ir blank, hotit't tl~trnoew1 wiuld" 0 "be-ent to ne Melbournbe.to ?avoe. the. .inscription filled ro .iw'en aiv'tliild b'e appyt otem it. n was a very unique piece of workmajn pthe Indle of Tismanian blackwood, ornameited with silver fretwork, and the at hdbla, of silvedt, is to have the inacriptioit Olled in in the contro, ?vith chased work la eonei'relint ?it,,. ,"' t was manufactured' by it rR. 'Davyy Brisbaniditrcst.) . " oP' Rei-.Oanon Irwin iaid he lied'booeen is: asked by. the.Incumbeont to make a few ofDremarks, and, le had pleasure in cot a' gratulating all on the success of the work or so far..TTheylhad a great many ties to be bind them together, but the church tie oy was porliaps,.oneofthel" strorigoat, and n- those who came from a distance must re nt j~oic? in tlhe prospects otf tle Church at r P .rta. He felt 'a synipathy for the or nparish, having visited it sometimes, and ,ws glad at they were about to erect a place 'to the honor ofGod, in whioh ns they might worship Him and. ongage. it in the service of humble praise and prayer. a- In the name of tho visitors he wished ax them joy, and expressed his congstula. sy' lons to their pastor,. who had: had. un a ralloled, dilhcultios to snbosntor.--''o as FIad no deibtilsey were all sympatheisers r iththeir patdr and' this work, and as' at an oppdrtunity would now occur to shoew their sympathy, not only in words but in deeds, he hoped they would evince their o.. sincerity by placing liberal offesings on. the corner stone. , Min Cdnidap eai&'he had'been deuated byhis Worshi` the Mayor of Launcestoin, who wee noable by reasonof sickness to be present, to place five sovereigns on the stone. to A lady, wrote out a cheque for £20, and also placed it on the stone. This was followed by contributions, in which the, children seemed especially to take parti The Rev. Mr Wayn expressed his pleasure at being present on that inter esting occasion, and he congratulated them on the interest they showed in the work. Let children give, if ever so little, and they would remember when they grew" ilp that .that church they assisted. to build; ` The work- Ichad been 'one of' almost insuperable difficulty, but by per severance as well as" faith, 'their pastor' had with the help'of friends done well.j He told him he wanted £700 more, and. he hoped a. large -proportion of.the': amount would be realised.' . ' . The'total: amount placed 'on the stono 1 was£51 10s 3d. .The proceedings closed by the singing of" the Hundredth Psalm, and the Bene diction pronounced .Ty thoe?vRev.'; D." THE LUNCHEON.. 1 ' 'A well laid out dejeuner was provided'. at the Teinperance Hall,' everything havy ing bdeen contributed- by ladies of, Perth, so as ndt to.be aeolsargo on.the fushds. The .viands ,included poultry, hams,: joints, pastry, custards, 'ginger beer,' tea, &O.;, but there were no alcoholic drinks. -The. Rev. D. Galer presided. ' After'the good' Sthings had been done ample justice'to, a number of sentiments, or as the chairman. facetiously designated them," dry toasts" were given and responded to,. although 'by,no means in a uproarious- way. ; The list comprised : (l)" The' Queen,' (2) d The Prince of Wales and Royal Family,' If (3) His Excellency the Guyernor, (4) Mrs \- Weld and the Ladies, (5) Ths'Bishop and Ci; lergyyof theDiocese, acknowledged by the'Rev.' Canon Irwin~ Rev." D. Galer. d Rev. A. N. Mason, (0) Mr Ferguson'and'' the Choir of Longford,. acknowledged by i,'Rev. A. Wayn,' (7.) The. Architect and" SContrtors, acknowledged 'by Mr .Con-' way anid Mr M'lEwan, (8) Miss .'Youl,::! acknowledged by that lady. ." ',': It wasannounced by the chairman that, i'a tea meeting, ata charge of Od per head," e would take place in the' evening. , ; ,, There was p.special'tfain to Launceston Sat, 4 i o'cldck,' of which several of the' visitors availed themselves..." ' 