JOSHUA HAGGARD. CHAPTER XXVIII. « AND YET t FEEL 1 FEAR.' BV THE AUTHOR OP "LADY ACDLET'S SECRET,' " AURORA FLOVD," &C.;, SO. Undor that quiet surface which life wore in Joshua Haggard's household there were troubled waters. , Naomi had never forgotten the awful look in her fathor's face that afternoon in the wood, It haunted her in all places and at all seasons. The impression it had made upon her muid would not pass away. What it meant she knew not—dared not shape the thought in her mind; bnt she was very suro that it meant evil of some kind—evil to her fathers soul, wiong to Oswald. If she could have knowu for certain that Oswald had carried out the intention set forth in his fatal letter to Cynthia, she would have been, comparatively speaking, at ease and happy. But of this she knew nothing. Whether he had really gone to America, how and when he had left Combhaven, of these things sho was ignorant. Cynthiamightknow, perhaps; but not even to set these anxious fears at rest could Naomi stoop so low as to seek for any information about her lover from the woman for whose sake she had been abandoned. No; if Cynthia knew anything for certain, the knowledge must remain locked in her breast. Save in the merest outward and ceremonial form, a bare civility in everyday intercourse, there could be no contact between Naomi and her stepmother. The gulf that sundered these two was impassable. Oswald's letter had stated that he meant to leave Combhaven by the night coach. He had not gone by that coach, for James Haggard, who was fond of an evening stroll when the shutters were up, and who took a lively interest in other people's business, had watched the departure of the coach on that particular evening, and entertained his family at the silent supper-table with a detailed account of that exciting event in the every-day life of his town. "There was only one inside, and that was old Mrs. Skevinew, who is going to Exeter to see her married daughter," said Jim; " she had three band-boxes, two uinbrellaB, a pair of pattens, and a pair of the new- fashioned clogs-jshe bought 'em of Aunt Judith the day before yesterday—a liamper of peas, a green goose, a basket of eggs, a tin of clouted cream, a redcotton handkeichief full of bullaces, two parties done up in brown paper, and a pig's head. Won't her friends be glad to see her ?" " Who were the outsides ?" asked Judith. Jim ran over the names, checking them off on his fingers. "Was there no one else in the coach?" asked Naomi, looking at her father, who sat in his usual place with bent brows, neither eating nor drinking. "No one" He had not gone by that coach, then, thought Naomi. But presently it occurred to her that Mr. Pentreath's return to Combhaven haviug been a secret and underhand proceeding, he would hardly care to leave the place under the broad glare of his townspeople's eye. The departure of the coach from the First and Last Inn was a public event. To leave by that vehicle at that point of departure, and not to be seen, came hardly within the limits of possibility, unless a man had got himself hidden away in the boot before the spectators assembled. No, if Oswald had determined to travel by that coach, ho had doubtless walked on to some quiet spot, to be taken up as the mail passed. This reflection quieted Naomi's fears in some measure, yet did not 6et her heart at ease. Her father's face haunted her like some unholy image sent by Satan to suggest evil. What had passed between Joshua and that weak sinner—what violence of upbraiding had the minister used against his wife's lover 1 That there had been an angry meeting of some kind Naomi did not doubt. Only a wild indulgence of evil passion, only an utter abandonment of himself to man's omnipresent temper, could have conjured up such a look in Joshua Haggard's face. The dark mind of the spirit of evil was there reflected. The lurid gleam in those darkly-brooding eyes was the red glare caught from the open doors of hell There had been hard words spoken, words of hatred and fury, perchance oven some act of opon violence—a blow struck by that strong hajid of Joshua's, who might have spurned the sinner as if ho had been the tempter himself in his base form of serpent. But it was over, and Joshua had doubtless begun to re pent of his violence; and Oswald was on his way to a distant world, to bogiu a new and wiser life. "God keep him, and guard him, and lead him ariglit," thought Naomi, " and make him a good and great man. I could bear the pang of parting with him could I feel secure about his happy future here and in the better world," 0 empty life from which he had vanished forever! ' O dreary days which hung uponj this young spirit like a burden, irod wpighed her down tothedust! Yos, verily, tot^ojdust; so that, in her utter weariness, she felt as it it would be a good and pleasant end of all thing® to lie down in some lonely corner of the land —lie face downward among the fera and wild flowers, and wait for death. . Surely the dark angel would take pity upon liet joyless fate, and come and fold her in his sheltering wings, and comfort and euro her. M " There is no other comfort, no other cure, sho said, forgetting all tho old pious lessons in her despair, forgetting even to do good to others iu tho sharpness of her pain. She sought for cousolation from no one— not even from honest Jim, who was distressed at seeing such blank hopeless faces in his home, and was eager, after his rough and ready fashion, to administer comfort. " Come Naomi, cheer up and bo bright, like a sensible girl," he would say. "There's as good fish iu the sea as ever came out of it, and though you've missed landing a fine salmon through father's foolishness, you'll have your net full by-and-by, I'll warrant. A goodlooking straight-built lass like you will never want a sweetheart." "Jim, if you talk to me like that I shall hate you!" cried Naomi. " I shall go single to ray grave, and you know it; or if you can think otherwise of me, you're not worthy to be my brother." " Hoity-toity!" cried Jim, " what fine notions run in our family! Here's father refusing the lord of tho manor for his son-in-law, and you talking of dying an old maid because your first affections have been blighted. Why, if my firet love takes a wrong direction, I shall turn my heart into the right road, as easily as I guide gray Dobbin down a lane where he doesn't want to go. Just a shake of tho reins or a touch of the whip, and off we start." Crushed by this weariness of life, Naomi strove, notwithstanding, to do her duty. Even Ayut Judith found no room for complaint with Naomi or Cynthia, unless haggard eyes and pale faces, and low voices with no joyous ring iu them, were sufficient ground for upbraiding. The household work was faithfully performed. The starching and ironing, the dusting and darning were duly done. Cynthia had finished her dozen of shirts, without a gusset set awry, a scam puckered, or one deviation from a right line in the pearl-like stitching of collars and wristbands; and now she had taken toknittingJoshua'sgray-woollen stockings, which was a pleasantly dreamy occupation calling for very little exercise of the intellectual faculties till one came to the heel. She used to sit in the garden or the wilderness in the calm September afternoons, with a grave quiet face bent over her flashing needles—a j face that told of an abidiug sorrow. The i Misses Webling would scarcely have recognised their sunnyfaced little maid in the serious young matron, with a complexion almost as white as her cap. Joshua rarely saw that patient figure sitting in his place on the grassplat, for he had been growing more and more indefatigable iu his visitations among the scattered members of his flock walking great distances to lonely homesteads or labourers' cottages or, when not thus occupied, spending his afternoons iu solitary wanderings by the wild seashore, holding commune with his troubled soul. Save at family prayer and at meals he was now seldom seen in his own house, while he had almost wholly deserted the Bhop. Aunt Judith bewailed this falling away from the good old habits which had made Haggard's the leading commercial institution iu Combhaven. The salvation of onos's soul was a vital transaction, doubtless; "but a man secure of his calling and election in eternity could well afford to attend to his temporal business, instead of wandering about in desolate places like John the Baptist) without haviug any one to baptize. " He might as well Jive on tho top of a pillar like St. Simon What's-his-name, and have his meak 6ent up to him by a ladder," said Judith, contemptuously, " if his mind is never in his busiuess." To Naomi it was a small thing that her father should be indifferent to loss and gain, and turn his back upon the trade by which his father and grandfather had maintained their importance aud respectability in the little town. The chauge she saw in him was more alarming than this neglect of daily duties—a change which she associated involuntarily with that bitter day on which sho had seen his gloomy murderer's face pass by her in tho woodland dimnoss. In tho autumn evenings, when she could es cape from the joyless house, Naomi felt her- self drawn, as by a magnet, to Peutreath Wood. It was not that she found peace there, or consolation. She loved the shadowy scene as a place in which she could feed her grief, and haunted it as an inconsolable mourner haunts the burial-ground where lies her dead. How desolate the place seemed in the season of earth's decay, all the winding ways . deeply . strewn with _ the red-brown leaves l softand ebddonecl in the hollows where* the antumn rains mushy places and a dead sr there among the brambles I It was not often. JJa of the deserfced housp, \v on in alaiy seclusion, Siting their masted bidding; almost as slumbrous a household as that which slept for a hundred yea® jn tlle old fairy story, only that here therowaa n o lovely princess shining like a jewel in the innermost chamber of the castle, Hero wets ouly empty zooms and dust and loneliness. Ouo evening early in October, Naomi roam^ a little farther than she had intended, aMi found that, to reach home in decent time, she must go by the nearest way, which was across the park, and out into the road by the part gate. This would take her very near the house. It was a fine bright evening. Tho sun had set redly behind tho trees before she had entered the wood, aud now the moon had risen and was shining over the great sea-yonder—a lovely evening, inild and peaceful Sho was loth to go back to the lighted room at home and her father's evening lecture, now always of so gloomy a character as to minister to her despair rather than to lift up her soul from its depth of sorrow. The hall-door stood open, and a light burned dimly within. Old Nicholas, the butler, was sitting in the porch. He recognised Naomi as she skirted the outer garden, and got up quickly and came after her. "I beg your pardon, Miss Haggard, hut seeing yon go by just now I made bold to fol low you. Have you heard any news of the young Squire f fvo wanted to ask sometimes when I've been up at the shop, to get my bit of tea and sugar; but your father wasn't about, and I don't like to ask your aunt—she's apt to be snappy." "No, Nicholas, wo have had no news. You would be more likely to hear of your master than we." "Deary, now! I knew there was something wrong when he came down here so sudden, and told me I was to say nothing about it, and he was goiug off to Ameriky, and I was to keep the place in order agen Mr. Arnold came home, and then ho was to be the master here. A power of changes to happen in such a 6hort time, ain't it, miss ? I feel as if the world was topsy-turvy, somehow. The poor old master gone I He was dreadful near, to be sure; but I'd got used to him, and I misses his fidgety pinching ways, looking after every candle-end, and such a nose of his own if he suspected wo was frying a bit of bacon for supper! Well, he's gone where scraping and saving won't help him poor gentleman. There's no candle-ends in the heavenly Jerusai e m." Nicholas sighed despondently, as if he doubted whether an immortal home in which cheese-paring could not be practised would satisfy his departed master. And you haven't heard nothing, miss ?" " Nothing," answered Naomi, But there is hardly time yet." I can't .say, miss; but I suppose there wouldn't bo time ; and yet I begin to feel uneasy in my mind about him. There was something queer about his going away, you 6ee." " How do you mean i" asked Naomi, looking at hiiu intently. " Well, you see, he says to me, 'Nicholas, you get they two big trunks down to tho coach this evening, and that there bag. Tho trunks was what he'd packed his clothes and books in, and suchlike, that morning, purpose to take them with liim to Ameriky. ' I shall walk on ahead, aud let the coach pick me up this side of Ilenbury turnpike,' he says. * But you get they trunks safe in the boot,' says lie. So the gardener and me puts 'eni in a barrer aud wheels 'em down, and gets. !em safe packcd into the boot afore seven o'clock." " Well, what then ?" itsked Naomi with suppressed eagerness. " What then, Miss Haggard J Why, they trunks and that bag is in the young Squiro's room now—come back, like a bad penny!" "Comeback?" "Yes. The coach never picked him up this side of Houbury turnpike. The coachman never set eyes upon him all along tho road. When he got to Exeter, there was no one to take to they trunks, no directions left about 'em, so he just brought 'cm back; and if tho young Squire be gone to Ameriky, ho be gone without his luggage. Lord, miss, how you do trirable! I hope there's nothing wrong, but it comes over mo sometimes tliit things ain't altogether right," " He may have changed his mind at the last," said Naomi, faltoringly. f'He jmay n&t; have gone to America." ..,„ : .•'; " Perhaps not, miss; but wherever he's gone, he6 gone without his luggage—0von the carpet-bag, with his razors and nightHslotlies." . ^ " He may liavo had other luggage in Lon- "He had a black portmanteau at the inu where he'd been stopping in London; but it wasn't a big'^ne. It wouldn't have been luggage enough for Ameriky, or anywhere elso in , then the books And things ""ftTalWwas so fond of, and lus writwg-dpsk, ttnd most.pf " Ilia • do " n r . r - , r ~ — in they big boxes. -ifSa^'didtfts^Jbt'em." "He may not'want th^n. ( « ( But it's queer for him not to want 'cm all this time. And if that there coach didn't nick liim up—and we know it didn't—how did ho get away. Nobody saw hitn leave, nobody heard of him. Lord-a-mercy, miss, how white you bo! I'didn't ought to say such like things, but it weighs so heavy on my mind l it's a comfort to talk about it. Tlio London lawyer ho sends mo down my wages monthly, and hoard-wages for me and the others indoors. We might live on the fat of the land if we choose, only our constitutions have got usod to pinching, and we likes it. Wo couldn't have o better place; only they two trunks weighs upon my mind, and I sha'n't feel easy till I've had a letter from my master." What comfort could Naomi give him—she whose thoughts were full of fear t She went home and found the fnuu'y circle waiting for her. It was past the customary prayer-time by ten minutes or so. " Rambling again, Naomi!" said her father, severely: and then opened his Rible and began to read a Chapter of Jeremiah, which he afterwards expounnded, dwelling darkly on all that was darkest in the text. The prayer that followed was rather a cry of self-abasement and desolation than a supplicatory address, curiously different from that simple and singleminded appeal which the Divine Tcachcr dictated to His diciples. Joshua asked for no couimou wants of common life, ho pleaded not to be forgiven as freely as he foigave; but he grovelled in the dust before an angry God, and heaped ashes upon his head, and abased him- self with humility which touched the confines of fanaticism. " What kept you out so long, &is; 1" asked James, at supper. " Nicholas, tho butler at the Grange, stopped me to ask about his master. He is very anxious about him." " Why f asked her father, sharply. " Because he lias been away so long, and has not written." " IIow could any one get a letter I He has not been gone throe months. And even if there were time enough, why should he write to Nicholas}" said Joshua. " Nicholas is anxious about him, in any case," answered Naomi. She said nothing about the luggage left behind, which was the chief cause of the old servant's uneasiness. " Well, all I can 6ay is, that a young man with such a property as that was a fool to go to America," remarked Jim, conclusively. It was a generally accepted fact by this time that the young Squire had gone to America, and there were various versions of his motive for this exile. The male gossips inclined to the idea that he and Naomi had quarrelled, and that this lovers' quarrel had been the cause of his departure ; tlic female portion of the community pinned their faith upon the young man's fickleness. Ho had repented of his engagement to the grocer's daughter, and had gone away to avoid its fulfilment. " It was all very fine while his father was living, and likely to live to a hundred, and he hadn't a five-pound note," said Mrs. Spradgere. "He knew that Mr. Haggard was a warm man, and he might do worse than marry Naomi; but it was quite another thing when the old gentleman went oif, and tho property turned out better than young Mr Pentreath had ever expected. It's only uatu ral he should look higher. Circumstances alter cases." The year wore to its close, and yet there came no tidings of the young Squire. There was, perhaps, no reason why ho should trouble himself to write,to any one at Combhaven, argued Naomi, trying to shake off that bunieh ot unquiet thoughts which oppressed her. He could hardly be expected to write to his old servants j he had provided for their comfort through his London solictor. His rents were collected by a local agent and paid to tho same man of business. There was no one at Combhaven who had any right to expect letters u . lum - He had broken away from his old moorings, and bemm ft new life in a now couutry He was happy, perhaps, amused and interested by the novelty of his surroundings —occupied, adventurous, a lighthearted travelgloom u hts of him her tho S were so full of ol " Why cannot I banish him from my miud altogether ?» 6he asked herself. «It is a sin w> aweu thus persistently upon an earthly loss. t w ' h -V "gbt hand offend t'neo, out it off.' £?„T C „ oon mefmd heaven—for I loved now t,mt h ' 8 ^ • r o is away the thought of him binds me down to earth. W hy cannot I foi^ethim?" Mother question in hor mind: Tho new. yea t began, , and there, was no the quiet household, save a change gently wrought SIZL andth» bine ?f, th « chw * la^utdly over th^ hds drooped w a f u l K forgiveness. 1 3 Joshuas popularity was at its height this winter. J hose stirring sonnons-those eloquent theological fulininations—acted on lii« hearers as a stimulant and a tonic. People flocked to hoar him from distant villages He was proud of his popularity, lifted up and exalted by tho idea that ho was bringing sinners homo to God, fighting hand-to-hand with the devil and all his angels. He lived apart from all Ins own household, a stranger among thorn, though sitting by tho same fireside. It was as if they were people of old time giving shelter to a prophet. They scarcely dared speak to him, but approached him with an awful respect. It was an understood thing that he had no more to do with the business which had in years past occupied half his time and some portion of his care. James now took the helm in the commercial vessel, and felt that he was of the stuff that makes great captains. •Joshua seemed hardly aware of tho chance that had come over his life. He was a dreamer and lived in a world of dreams. ' So the year began, and it was earlv sprin* again, and Naomi felt that her youth was gone° and that the years could bring hor nothing but age and death. They made no promise, thov knew no hope. CHAPTER XX K. THE WANDERER'S JtKTCRX. It was March—just a year since the old bquiro had been stricken with his fatal illness. Ihe daffodils were blooming in sunny places • there was a faint tinge of green upon the Naomi was sitting alone in the twilight parlour m tho calm gray evening. She had done all her daily duties, and could afford to rest from her toil. She looked at the familiar scene—the glimpse of sea, the curve of the road winding up the hill towards Pentreath Grange—with sad hopeless eyes. No bright harbinger of joy would ever come to her°bv yonder road, dowu which she had seen the Squire's funeral train slowly descending with wind-tossed plumes and scarves less than a year ago. "I had such a strange sense of loss that day," she thought, remembering the dismal procession, and her own feelings as she watched its approach. "I seemed to know that the end of my happiness had come j that change, or sorrow, or death was near." Twilight deepened, and the scene took a shadowy look. Who was this walking down the hill at a lesurely pace, with a careless easv gait which seemed familiar ? Nay, it was familiar, for it set Naomi's heart beating vehemently ; it made her cold and faint. This was no peasant returning from his work. She know how tho Combliavon population carried themselves. This tall slim figure, so straight, and yet so easy of motion, was no son of the soil, no hard-hand agricultural labourer, no fisherman smelling of tar and sea-weed, with wet raiment all glistening and scaly. 01 . , - o — w j u u Nie stood up, and opened the window— stood with the chill March breeze blowing upon her terror- stricken face This time she felt verily as if she were seeing a ghost. " He has come back," she thought. "He f A T, o U5h fear! 0 wrefcched ? doubt of the best and truest upon earth J He is sate; and lias come back again. I shall see) him onen onco A<min again, Winn living oh>) and happy. My ir„ n.j God, I thauk Thee!" The figure came nearer. Yes, it was Oswald Pentreath. She saw the well-remembered face in tho dim light. How well he looked ! how strong, how bravo ! Travel and strange countries had improved him. His chest had expanded, he walked with a firmer step, held his head higher. And he was coming to her father's house, boldly, with no stealthy approach. He came as a man who had done no evil, and had no cause for fear. " Ho is cured of his folly; he is my true and noblo lover once again. 0 God, Thou art full of mercy; Thy love abouudeth." The familiar figurewas close at hand. There was nothing but tho narrow front garden between him and Naomi; yet now there was a strangeness—her heart grew lead. The young man looked up at ' the house inquiringly, like a stranger who reconnoitres an unfamilar place. Ho glanced up and down tho street—quite cibpty of humanity at this moment, tho solitary youug woman with a basket, who had constituted its traffic a minute ago, having just gone indoors—then looked again at tho house, and became conscious of Naomi's pale face at tho window. " I begyottr pardon," he began, courteously. "Is this Mr. Haggard's." J nore decided, rougher. They lacked the poetic languor, the gentle sweeterof Oswald'. 'utfo* ance. manded This men weaker on high .was seas; one not who the had musing com- idler who had wasted half his life lying listless m summer woods, or wandering with his rod bosulo autumn's swollen streams. It was not Oswald. For tho space of half a minute the surging blood in Naomi's brain almost blinded her. For an iustaut or so reason faltered, and she was on the verge of unconsciousness. Then the strong young soul resumed her power, and she comprehended that tins was no shade from Avernus, but her lost lovcrjs brother, the Squire's runaway son. « ® lle aIls,vcie 'li with a steady voice, " this is Mr. Haggard's house. Do you want to see my father ?" " Ah, then you are Naomi," cried the stranger, eagerly. « I think I would rather talk to you than to your father; you can tell me more. I have only just come home, and I am very unhappy about my brother. May I come in, please ?" How friendly, how dear his voice sounded in its resemblance to the voice of Oswald ! The familiar tones comforted Naomi somehow, after that bitter disappointment just now Her heart was lifted up from its despair. Arnold had come home—Arnold would find out all about his brother. At that thought a sudden dread came upon her, like a vision of doom. If there were any guilty mystery in Oswald's fate, would not his brother bring the deed to light 1 Her shapeless fears rose up like goi gons and confronted her. She opened the door for Arnold, and stood dumbly as he came in and held out his hand to her. " How deadly cold your hand is !" he exclaimed. " I'm afraid I startled you comiug so suddenly. People 6ay I am very like my brother. And I dare say you are anxious about Oswald." He had gone into the parlour with her, and seated himself with a familiar friendliness close to the chair into which Naomi had sunk. " Yes; I have been very anxious," she said, faintly. " I can see that. Please God, that there is no real cause for fear, though old Nicholas hijs frightened me a little by his raven-like talk. The last letter I had from my brother was written in London on the fourteenth of July. He uiged nie to come home, and told me he had some thoughts of going to America; and that if he went I was to take care of the estate in his absence, and to consider myself master, and so on, in his generous reckless way —as ready to give up all his privileges as Esau was to swop his birthright against a dish of lobscouse. This letter has been following me from port to port, and I only got it nine or ten weeks ago at Shanghai, where my ship was waiting for a cargo. I went straight to Oswald's London agent when I left the docks ; but he could tell me nothing, except that my brother had made all arrangements for a long absence from England. He was to have sailed for Now York on tho four- u ui of ^uyusu August. j>ui But a iiung thing mat that puzzled puzziea iteenth this lawyer fellow a little was that Oswald should have drawn no money since he left home. He may have taken plenty with him,' said I—for you see Oswald was brought up to make a little money go a long way, or to do without it altogether mostly. ~< So ho may, said the lawyer; < but I find that vouug men generally do draw a good deal of money J when they've ii ,..." got , any sources ° to draw upon—and oven, sometimes, when they have not. It's a way they have.' This made me rather uneasy, and I came down here as fast as those blundering coaches, which hardly do six knots an hour, could bring ine. And tho old bouse looked so lonely and dismal without Oswald, that tho mere sight of it made me miserable , and then old Nicholas' raven makings made me worse ; so I came straight off to you for comfort," " I can tell you nothing," answered Naomi, with a sigh. " Nicholas told me you had received no letter. That's strange. He would have written to you before any one, I should think." " No, I had no right to expect any letter from him." " What!—not as his betrothed wife i" " Our engagement was broken off some time before he went Did you uot know ?" " Not a word. His last mention of you was full of affection—not in his latest letter, by the way, but in the one which told ine of my father's death. I was to come home, and be very fond of you, and we were all to be happy together." _ " Yes, I know," said Naomi, with a pang of bitterest remembrance. How often had Oswald talked to her of union and love and which Arnold was to share! . , - ,„ " But why was your engagement brokenoff asked the sailor, bluntly. « Did you quarrel 1 ««Quarrel t No." „ « He must have behaved very ill, then. «No, no. It was my fathers wish. 1 obeyed my father in sotting Oswald free. And he accepted his liberty-he was grateful for his release. Love does not always last a lifetime ; there is a difference, you sec. I think that he once loved me, but Here the tears mined down upon her trembling hand*. Arnold drew nearer to h-r, and gently pressed one of those cold hands with a brotherly kindness. " MY poor girl—mv sister that was to have been ! * He behaved badly, I'm afraid. There was something wild and mysterious in his last letter; and then that sudden resolve to go to America ! I ought to have seen that things had gone wrong with him. Poor Oswald: And I expected to see him so happy with you. " Providence willed it otherwise. I was too happy with him, I think—too much absorbed in the joys of this world." "Why should we not be happy m this world! God would never have made so fair a world for a scene of suffering. You can't imagine, vou stav-at-home people, how beautiful this earth is.' The birds and animals and reptiles and insects are happy. All free creation enjoys itself, from its birth to its death. Wliv should man be wretched, or the source of misery in others ? Why should Providence be offended because you and my brother loved each other and were happy V Naomi could not answer. It was an article of her religion that Heaven disapproved of too much earthly bliss. But you must have known where he was going—he told you his plans, surely ?"' asked Arnold. " No, I knew nothing of his intentions— directly," answered Naomi, a faint blush dying her pallid cheek. " Did you not see him when he came back ta the Grange in the beginning of August ? He came to bid you good-bye, I suppose ¥' " No, I did not see him." " Then why did he come back to Combhaven at all 1 I can hear of nothing that he did in the way of business, except to pack those trunks, which he left behind him after all his trouble. What was the motive of his return ?" "Indeed, I cannot tell you," faltered Naomi, sorely distressed. Arnold looked troubled. He rose and walked up aud down the narrow parlor, as he had walked his quarter-deck in many an hour of doubt and difficulty. " I can't understand it," he said. " It is the strangest business altogether. Why did he come back and pack his trunks, and have them taken to the coach, and why did he not appear to claim them 1 If he did not leave by the coach, how did he get away ?" " There are vessels that sail between Rockmouth and Bristol, are there not?" suggested Naomi. " He may have gone that way." " A slow roundabout way for him to choose, after making his mind to go by the coach. I begin to feel as anxious as Nicholas. 0 my dearest Oswald, where are you, and why this mystery ? God grant that he is safe aud happy somewhere! God grant there has been no foul play?" At these words Naomi's face took a deathlike hue. But the room was too dark for Arnold to see the change, " If harm of any kind has happened to him, Heaven help the wrongdoers, for they shall have no mercy from me! I'll hunt them down. But no, I won't think it. I won't believe that he has come to an untimely end —the brother who carried me in his arms, and was so gentle and loving, and whom I loved God knows, with all my heart, though I left him! How I have looked forward to our reunion, and counted upon it, and built upon it all these years! Aud I come back to find him far away, and his fate a mystery." Ho threw himself into a chair and sobbed aloud, honest manly tears coming from a loyal heart. It was Naomi's turn to be comforter. She bent over him, and laid her hand lightly on his shoulder. " Pray do not say that evil has befallen him," she said. " He may have changed his mind as to his way of travelling at the last who can tell what trifling thing may have influenced him ?" "What did he do with himself all that day?" asked Arnold. "Nicholas tells me that he left the Grange before one o'clock, and the coach was not to pick him up till after eight in the evening. Where was he ? With whom did he spend his time? He seems to have no friends in Combhaven but you and your family. And he was not with you?" "No." " Cannot you help me to find out where he was?" "No, I cannot." '• - • > , If I could only findout "That's a nity. xi x the people wfio saw the last of him here, they might enlighten me as to his intentions. I must see what I can do elsewhere. I came to you naturally for help; but then I did not, know your engagement was broken off. i Sally brought in the lighted candles, and started at the sight of the sea-captain. •< Don't be frightened, Sally," said Naonn ; "this is Captain Pentreath, the Squires brother." " Lor' sakes!" faltered the handiuaidon, 1 took he for the young Squire's ghost" "Is your father at humef aeked^Arnold presently; " I should like to see him." "No, it is his class- night; he will not be homo for nearly an hour. And I know he could tell you nothing more than I have told you," added Naomi. " Perhaps not, but ho might advise me; I have heard that he is a superior man. I should like to see him: I'll call to-morrow. Goodnight, Naomi—I may call you Naomi, I hope, for my brother's sake? He told me to think of you as a sister. " " I should like you to think me so still, if you can," Naomi answered gently. Aud then he pressed her hand, and was gone. There was some kind of comfort in the sailor's friendliness, in this brave, Ftrong, manly figure suddenly introduced into the dull scene of a sorrow-shadowed life. He wa6 so like Oswald, and yet so unlike. And he loved his brother so dearly. Oswald's fate would bo no longer a mystery. All those unspoken fears, which had pivyod upon her like a consuming disease, would bo proved vain and foolish. He was safe, he was happy iu some strange land. There needed only a little energy and cleverness to had out all about him, and Arnold would supply both. Then there flashed upon her the memory of that awful moment in the wood, when 6he saw her father go by with a look upon his face that seemed to her like the brand of Cain, full of awful meaning. (To be continued.) 