JOHNNY GEDDES; OB, THE ADVENTURES OF A SCOTTISH PACKMAN. RELATED BY HIMSELF. CHAPTER VII.—I Meet wi' a Strange Doug, and hae an unco Kick up. Such of my readers as are unacquainted ; with the noble town o' Killin, on the banks : o' Loch Tay, will remember that it's a great! ' howf for all who like mysel' live by the road—not only packman, and that modern offshoot ca'in himsel' a commercial traveller, hut cadgers, gipsies, tinkers, and showmen alike in turn finding a home among its edient inhabitants. Weel do I mind that - it was just twa days after Auld Hansel Monday that I lifted my pack in this very toon, resisting a'entreaty to stay and hae anither day's jollification, and took my way along the streets filled wi' strangers and toonsfolk in holiday attire, intending to make up for lost time, and reach before nicht a bit clachan on the other side o' Ben . Lawers. I have aye haen an unco notion o' seeing folk happy;; so its no to be won dered at that my shanks- naigie didnatrot very fast. The streets were a'astir, just like on a fair-day, wi' orange cadgers, sweetie barrows, popguns, swee boats, and shows; and in passing through thecroods o' smartlads and sonsie lassies, wi' rosy cheeks and bright e'en, pressin' forrit" to see; the sights, wi' lots o' laughing' and daffin atween hands, my thoughts un consciously ran back to my ain young days, and my pace got slower and slower, till at last I stoppit althegither afore the grandest show o them a—a menagerie o' leevin' wild beasts, wi' pictures1 o' scaly monsters, and blue puggies, and rorrin'. lions, seeking whom they may devour ; strung up in front enough to gar a body's very hair stand on end. I'm no that sure but what I micht hae drifted inside mysel' wi the lave, so strongly was my curiosity aroused, and the show having, been detained by snawy roads in comin' frae Kenmore, and only been set up that mormn', I hadna had the chance afore; but my time was ; limited, and I had to be content wi' the . •pictures, and the blue nebbit chieldsplayin' the" brass trumpets, which played ' Scots wha hae,' in sic fine style that I felt my • heart a' aglow wi' national enthusiasm. The drummer in particular excited my .ad miration, he being able to play in succes sion no less than four different instruments —to wit, a big drum and a wee ane, a pair o' soundin' cymbals, and a tang-nang triangle thing that was strung up to the tail o' a stucco puggy gracing a corner o' the show. 0, but he was a clever ane; and how he thumpit.it, and made it sound in a bodie'slug. Sercie me, butl think "I hear itnoo! ■YYeel, there I was standing, and'there I felt as if I could ha'e stood tfil a' was blue, When I heard a' at ance somebody thus ad dress me frae ahint— •"Hullo! Johnny, lad, is this a'the length, yp've got ? I thocht ye'd been five miles^ ayra' by .this time. Are ye thinkin' o' gaun. in to see the beasts ? " "No me—I haena time," I answered,, ■ sebingthatitwas nae other than Cocky Bane,, the landlord wha hoosed me and a wheen. mair respectable travellers, when we hap pened on "Killin. 'I've a lang road afore me, and the days are geyan short yet.' "Hoot, toet, come awa'. It'll no cost ye a bawbee; for the heid man's puttin' up wi' me, and tell't me to come doon and bring a - friend wi' me," and he seized my arm to drag me up the steps. " It's nae use trying to egg me ©n," I firmly replied, hanging back, and tightenin' the Bhouther straps o' my pack. " What for did the thing no arrive in time when a' bodv was gallavanting aboot wi' their pockets fu' o' siller, and nae business tae. keep them back ? " i" Oh, I can tell ye the hied man is richt mad aboot that:rdmsel','' replied Cocky,. " They've been delayed by the rough roads,, and the sad loss they sustained , through an. accident. . "An accident ? what micht that be ?"' "Nae less than.the break-doon o' aneo/ their caTavans, and the . escape and loss o' ane o' their sma' wild beasts through the. rottenness o'a defective cage." "And did they no fa' in wi't again?" i" Never saw hint nor hair .o't up till this minute." Puir beastie ! And in sic weather and in.sic a place," I feelingly replied. "It'll : be dead by this time — starved to death ' among the hills." I doot it much. Ye see thae creatures aie no accustomed to forage for theirsels as they do in their natural state; sae it wad likely just creep intae some hide-Hole in the snaw, and curl itsel' up and dee.": "Puir wee thing! could they no havej followed it, and keppit it some way, and then shoo'd it intae a cage, for its ain. gude?" , . ; "Followed it?" echoed Cocky Bane. -"Man, they've been huntin' for it for; twa-. days rimning, nicht and day. Th.at's what.: keepit them sae lang"on the road." , ,:, " Maist waefae," said I. "It'll be lying, hanpit it some snaw wreath, stifiE deid, wi' a' "its troubles at an end. Ah, well, ifs maybe the better for it, puir thing. But if I stop muckle langer here, bletherin' like a haveral, the day'll be awa "afore I'm half roads ; an', ye: ken, I have an order to de liver to an old sneck-drawerso unco perjink that she wad think, naething o' throwing it back on my hands' g^n I wasna punctual tae . the minute; so TU e'enbid ye gude day," . With that I left Mm, and took the; road, followed for a good biftock by the bold thiimp thumping of my friend.the drummer, V and still further by painful reflections on { the . cruelty of men in taking upon them the responsibility of providing for a; wheen helpless beasties.and. not duly fulfilling tha • same. By-and-by, however, the rough; grandeur of the scenery through which. 1 . was passing—-the • snaw-spnnkled trees, the s . white height; mid hows, the stornw loch, : and the massive, .mountain ,of Ben. Lawers towering before me against the duU aby--: hafrthe^effect of' wooing niy thoughts -to things* higheb and better.5 ^The:'^y wore 'i aw'ayand the nicht advanced, to find me well upin t^e skirts of the mountainy far frpbrtne commbn road, or human habitation of any kindj, aiidy by re^oh of rough roads , and what not,; still a gude few miles, from' my destination.5 I might' cannily ehongh had it not at. this critical iuhcturd begood to shaw lik:a'that. Doon it cam' in white blinding clouds, such as I had seldomseen afore, and hae never seen Bince, happing-up a'-the-rough-and dark spots in a mantle of purity, which would: have been beautif ul to beheld -had I -been able to see an inch befpre my face, far less to follow;the path in safety and: security,; which dobn became an utter impossibility. I staggered on as' best l couldj keeping my neb turned in the Erection of the plachan I was airtirig for; hut as the darkness tlxickenedat every step, anil at last found; mysel.warstling through rocksuaniwhins, and stumbling and stotsing .likeria; doited auld pao—-npw tearing my ai4d;breebs:and: ■jagging my; legs, and. .anon j slipping and plunking doon on my hurdiea on sharp, staines, but ill concealed ill the- saftsnawrr-;; I at.last thought prudent to ball a:halt,, '' Johnny, lad, this'will hae; dae," I said to myself, pulling up .close: to a bit fir plant- L ing, and powering down under: the shelter of]an overhanging:,j(H;k.b ^.There's nae need for hurry in this wbrld,iand it's no aye thp-fastest scrambler that.-coines in smartest and safest at the end. Just.rest a' wee,: the atojiu'll no last long, and as sune.as it clears : awa and the bonnie munepedpd forth; ye'lln he,able to gang on yourwayjejbicing, with-^ out danger o? hindrance..: : • r This seemed; sae fair and reasonable to my. understanding that 1 at ance rbpStrarppit my pack, plankitit on the ground as a seat, andtheniseating mysel'y. drew ower me my gude ,plaid,which had .shielded me frae monyr a blast and . bitter cauld. While hunkering doon in this lonely and cauldrife condition the: thought struck.me that a bit blythesome kindling of fire wadna be a bad thing,., haith; for: warming my taes and cheerjng up my, spirits, and. seeing that I was in a manner .at the lug of the law so far as fuel was concerned—there being abun dance; of chips ; from paling stobs lying heaped, up . for .parting in '.the adjoining plantinga-r-I wasna, long in picking oot the; dryeat bits j and. after making some chips smaVjyU-iuy gufiy-knifeji-and-putting some < di'y.paperralo*w,i.t/1 managed'.toIstrike <«-i light/ ^ndi-waa soon sittingsfu'j.tosh and' comfortable ahibfc a right:royal Bleeze. - '^.Weely Johnny, dad/'said fI' to myseb, when .this kittlei task had' been' successfully accomplished—for I-wasiaye of a philoso phic :tUrn bf 'nnnd—'' weel, Johnny, there's nae situation -,sae darksome and dreary but; by some effort oniour ain part we may throw around it a ray of light and comfort. Noo fiat ye'.ve managed sae weel what ye ettled at, what wad :ye say, seeing that "yer gey yap, to a hit chack o' bread and cheese for supper, wi' a wee thochtie' o' whisky to wash it doon F, " ■ • This motioniin my sina'- council was like wise carried with applause; 'deed, !it's won- • derful , when: ye think on't how seldom a man quarrels wi' himsel'."--I-: got oot my provender, and my gully-knife, and my pocket-pistol, and then drawing my plaid ower my heid, and-raking-up the fire to make itbleeze, I might he excused for thinking mysel'no that had aff. I am no a drinker, by no means,'asTsHall show in the,succeeding chapter—but I think that when a: man's' in sic a .plight; whisky's a maist acceptable medicine for a good wheen ills, baith present'and to borne. : - But dt was prdained 'that■ that- dram wasna to pass-my lips, Just-as I had the' mouth o' the flask at my lips a sound cam' pealing along the mountain1 side-which froze the yery blude -in my veins. It was like the weird;call ;o' some departed spirit, or the howl o' soma murderous wraith, and rose on"- piercing ^vibrations -towards ' the : mirky heavens, "coming aye .nearer to mysel—till I:thought a' hell was broken" loose.-' i'-. ;,'tj bo:-J : -..r.v. <:.'Heaven hae mercy on me> what's that ' I cried,"starting up and peering'foi-rit'into the darkness, trembling' in' every'limb'; audi then Iffancied that I heard 'a-patter' o' ghostly-ifeet-among the' crispstfaw,: and 'saw- looming ; through the' darimessj a maist'r fearful pair -o'- bogly: e'en, -which '1 seemed'to burn - like' live-'cpald against; the'- mirky; bight. I '■was t a' iif- a 'tretbhle;; but haying been taught by my- ghost U'dveri?5 tuve1 to mistrust -first appe'arabde8,:'fdidhk' althegitherigie"'-inyaei--'t^!ltd-''!fba^-'-ti|t I' should rmair certainly learnr>-Wb8t'danger - threatebed me. Peering •]fbpxit-,t; at last made oot th9 dark outline o' a strange shaggy dong, whicfrin shifting"circles was" approaching my! camp, as UMt!wanted to." come nedr i me, shut itowab- seated by the lightiixi'.''my- fire. c; It -!was a inaist -ill1 faured tyke, andskulkit^roohdaud' roondj sniffirg' and -snaffing,; "and-: syne Jgiein' the other awful (howl, -imla'iway that -I- th'pcht" unco queer and distant like—dougs baying ayeJbeen grhatly'taen-up' wi' me, and fond' o'my society;.-'v"-; ' ! "Puir- Trapple! puir Towsei-!"'. I said,' addressing it in a canny way-that I-hae aye ;found-taking with- dougs, and Cheep!-' ing rwith my ; mouth'to it in 'a persuasive" fashion; - " Puir dougiey i-ye?tei! hungry n'ae;. doot—hae, tak that intae yer hungry wane,!.*J and I flungit a daud o' cheese and5 bread. It. jumpit back as quick as ye. likejihut'at last wi' wheedling cam' forrit far enoUgh'tb' sniff* at the gude provender I had1 offered , it; hut it ate.nane., Na, it was. ower nice' gabbit, and turned up its nose wi' .an ugly ii *e T 1 i 2_t.iL.jii. • j >m• fierce grin, as if'I had abtbally insulted 'it this time I had got a'hifc by the offer.: By this time; I; had got q'" glint o'. its appearance, abd discovered that, in addition, to.-ife dreadfully^ towisy and neglected looking fur and great shary teeth, it had actually a kind of. short biabe stibk-'. ing up like.birsp on'a5Soo's back, , J. u Puir. beastie! it'll likely'be' some deer hound that'swandered 'frae itb maister and; got Kst.bnd^ta'tved arUong'the hifls> 'Herb my man^pbir .Towser! puir Tripple! gude i«a^?U ■'£Kj.X-&2-m that i|:abhafts andL Ebs^abd']eyeb its tepth, were- all?' bludy^bp^ferbu^b 'any,^ 'vfound they ^ had bhtaTite^TEmt f Tath'erj.^' they ;j seemed tome; froib-some wounds tliat'ttiey | had dbflictit'i'-bnd rbiy;' voice^and'aspect su'ddeuly chab'gedut»; bne J' of gravity-and repf oof;5 ;", ?;''. >' ""' " Ye^^ n&'er-dae-weel sebbndfbl^wbat.-hae; I ye been.'dfteif'Jnab,'T'wbu"like tsV?kenP*' 'WoriVing5 the {sbbep?...Pse 'warrant^'..'bn'. mayl^ibreaking into !the' "fat^ds abd"Meing The very sicht;o':^e and the inbobbntblude" ye hae shed mak's my flesh a' grue. Heest ye, or I may dae ye an injury ye'U no get the better o'." Even as I spoke I made a dart forrit to shoo it aW; but now to my astonishment it lost all its timidity, and ran towards me hanging its head low, and growling and snapping.- - " Gude laddie!" said I, slapping on my \ thigh to bring it; forrit; " Gude laddie— puirwee Tow'sfer. Murder! murder! oh, ye vicious deevil !" :! The last words cam';oot wi' a yell that astonished even the strange doiig itsel'. , It had sprung on me, and seized the sleeve of my gude tweed coat in its. awful teeth,' aha tore aff sark and a, in ae mouthful.. 'Deed •I'm no sure nop but it took some o' my ' skin along wi' it. '; As I gied'oot the shriek it jumpif^back,7. echoing my crywi' and o' its -dreadfulyells; but' then it gained fresh courage, ff&w; fdrrit; and' became' more ob -straptlous than ever. ^ Gude-^eLrus, -this bhats a' !'' I ex claimed;'tryifi^^^ aff wi' ihy ell -wand; and back'from'the spot. "Doon, ye ungrateful brute! Wad ye injure yer ain .benefactor ? - -Doon,' doon! Megstie me,can -it mean to tali' my life ?" Things begood to look unco serious wi' , me, for"iust as these words were uttered it .made a fearful spring at my throat, knock ing me owre amang the snaw wi' the force of its great hairy form, and then with its red ee'n shining into mine, and its blood thirsty tongue lapping my very breath, it . behoved me, merciful as I am by nature, to 'look to mysel'. In an instant my twa ; hands were about, its throat, and I was .rowing owre and owre amang the snaw, ' now under its lean body and now abune, in ^the. vain effort to-choke it into insensi bility. Oh, but that was a lang and bludy .fecht—it gars me sweat and shiver now when I think on't. I seem to look through a mist, and see mysel' warstling aboot on the. ground—my claes torn from my body my bare arms and shoulders streaming wi'. blude—mj ae hand at the brute's throat, and my other gaun dab, dabbing, and slash ing wi' my gully-knife at its throat or-its' e'en, or its mouth, or its lean hide, or ony where that I could stick it in! Sometimes I thockt I wad hae to. gie in to its isuperior strength, but at'others I was.nerved;with a power that seemed superhuman; and at last through the blinding, cloud; rapidly overshadowing my senses' it seemed to me that its struggles were becoming fewer, and ; its glaring eyeballs less red and ferocious, 7ahd its. growling. shrieks, dying groans. Then -I saw: a great; dark ;body lying streekit oot on the bludy and trampled snaw, and I knew that my enemy was powerless, and that my life was spared yet another.year.- • , How long I lay there i.cannarichtly tell; but I. was wakened with a great shouting to find mysel' surrounded by a crowd of shepherds and farm folk armed with: guns, Eitchforks, and other deadly weapons, who ad been out chasing the. rampaging de stroyer of their flocks that hadmetwith its death at my hands; and. I mind fine of them lifting me up.very tenderly, and. bear ing; baith me and my pack to. an adjacent sheep farm, wi' the strange .doug stuck upon a pitchfork, and borne' before us in triumph., (. There . I.. remained,-. carefully tended and hospitably , entertained, until my wounds were healed; and for the rest the following inscription on my best Bible will explain all " Presented to Mr. John Geddes by a few admirers, in- recognition of his bravery in 'capturing and slaying, single-handed, a Feeociocs Wolf which had escaped from ; the menagerie , and made its way to the hills, whpre it was causing much devasta tion among the flocks." 