NEWS OF THS DAY' We learn from tho Eleotric Telegraph do partmcntthat the Fort Darwin lino was restored this morning. Henry Marks, who was yesterday fined £10 by Judge Cope, in the County Oonrt, for having improperly asked the officers of the court to have him empannelled as a juror in a case of M'Anliffe v Waxman, appeared before the Jndge, in Chambers, this morn ing, accompanied by Mr Boy,solioitor,and ap plied that the fine might be remitted. Marks this morning denied that he had aver spoke to Mr Sandilands or Mr Lloyd on the subject to which they swore yesterday. His Honor eaid he saw no reason whatever to remit the fine, and refused the appli cation: The fine was then paid to the regis trar. A number of tenders for the supply of telegraphic instruments for the Hallway department were opened this morning at the Board- room LandB office. The successful tender was not announced, however, aB the whole of them were referred to the experts of the department for report. Shortly before five o'clock yesterday, afternoon, the gate-keeper at the Burnley street crossing on the Hawthorn line noticed something whioh he snppoBed to be a goat walk on to the rails as the train from Mel bourne was coming dowD. The engine-driver sounded the whistle and gestionlated violently, Blackening the speed of the train at the eame time, and then it became evident that the object 1 was a little ohild, whic had st ayed on to the railway. It was impossible to stop the train, and for a moment it appeared that nothing conld eave the ohild; However, when the train was almost upon it, it Btepped baok, and being on the edge of a small embankment, slipped and fell off the rails, and escaped destruction. The gatekeeper ran to the spot, and .brought lire child'baok vo a place of safety, keeping it nntil half-past six o'clock, when the father arrived and took it home. The mother Btates that 'she had left her home, in Lord street, to go to a neighbor's for some water, and when she came back her child was gone. .The little one seemed to have strayed away towards the river and had probably left homo about an hour before it got on the line. It was a fine boy about two years old and was carrying at the time- a bat, - one Bhoe, a song book1 and some bits of wood. It is extremely fortunate that the affair . occurred on the edge of the embankment as the decline probably saved theohild. Mails for tho TJnited Kingdom, Continent of Europe, and places via the United King dom, will be made up for the s.s. Durham, advertised to sail on the 26th inst, Corres pondence bearing the nsnal rates of postage if specially addressed per Durham will be forwarded by thiB vessel. Bach portion of the mail as may be marked " via Brindisi" will be landed at Snez, and forwarded by that route to destination by first opportunity. The other portion of her mail will be carried on to England in the Dnrham. Letters and pscketB, ordinary and registered, will be taken np to 1,30, p.m. on the 26th inst; news papers, 12.30. p.m. on the 26th ; late fees on ordinary letters, 2 p.m. on the 26th, inst. For the vacancy for the South Ward in the Richmond Town Conncil, Messrs Charles Beissel and J. A. B. Koch have been nomi nated. The time for nominating candidates expired last evening, Mails will be made np at the General Post I'ffice, and be despatched in time to be for warded by the steamer Somerset, announced to leave Sydney on the 2nd November. The lime appointed for closing is. for letters, packets, and newspapapers at 12 noon on Thursday, 31st inst. Late letters will be taken np to 12,30 p.m., to be forwarded over land to Sydney. . Letters for the United Kingdom, Japan, China, and the East, if specially endorsed "via Torres Straits," with the nsnal rates of postage prepaid, but not otherwise, will be enclosed in the mails for despatch by that route. Since the sn'ppreBsion of the OhineBe lot tery Bhops in Little Bonrke street, the number of the gambling denB has increased; in fact, a Btranger paBaing through the street may reasonably come to the conclusion that every shop was in Borne way or other used for gambling purposes. A melee occurred at one of these places on Sunday evening last, and during the night one Chinaman was cut in the wrist. It is Etated that the row took place over an attempt to , levy black mail through the organisation of one of these eecret societies the Chinese are Bach adepts in utilising for nefarious practices. It is difficult to get at the bottom of the affair, but a wilful injury to property has been per- peira'cd, and there iB reason to believe that the offence iB another act at the instigation of the ssoietiea referred to. , The Richmond police seem to have lost all faith in the existence of the ghost which has been haunting tho streets for some time, and have come to the conclusion that the spectre was never seen at all, unless it existed in the imagination of some bilious night wandererB, who had a tendency to dwell upon i be morbid and gloomy side of things. They have arrived at the conclusion that the whole affair is a boax, got np for the sake of sensa-' tion, by eome person or persons who have nothing else to occupy their time, as the moBb stringent inquiries fail to elioit any evidence which might furnish a clue to the! whoreabonts of tho goblin; and, of course, the idea of a real genuine spirit, fresh from Bbadowland, is pat aside altogether as ab-1 Burd. ! A fire broke out this' morning shortly be- four four o'clock, on the promises of Mr Samuel Amier,Sin Bridport street, Emerald Hill, used as a small grocery and furniture : Bhop, Amier iB a cook at one of i the restaurants in Melbourne, and he etateB that he left home this morn- : ing at about 3 40, leaving his family in bed. There was also a woman re- aiding in the same house named Williams, At the time stated the inmates of the house were aroused by hearing a crackling noiso, and immediately found that the place wbb in flames, whioh speedily broke through the roof and so gave the alarm to the man on the look-out tower in Little Collins street, The local brigade was nt once telegraphed to, and shortly afterwards reached the scene of the con flaj ration, boing followed quickly by the Metropolitan Brigade, and by the joint exertions of the two brigades, the fire was soon got under. An examination of the ruins showed that the '.wooden portion of Amier'e bouse, which consisted of four roomB, the BbopL and one room being of brick, had been destroyed, leaving the brick por tion slightly damaged. The premises were insured in the Australian Alliance Oompauy for £460, and it Ib stated that tho furniture was also insured in another office for £100. The house adjoining, occupied by Mr Dean, and one occupied by Mr Sinclair in Dandas Place, were also damaged, but the injuries were covered by inurance. Mr Sin clair states that his attention was called last night about eight o'cioek to Mrs Amier oalling out "Fire I" and upon his going into Amier's place he found tho canvas and wall paper in one of the wooden rooms on fire. This he extin guished by the aid of a few buckets of water. The origin of the fire being sur- ! rounded by suoh doubtful circumstances, it is more than likely that an investigation will ho held. The man William Woodlock, who is ac cused by his brother Oharles, the landlord of tho New Zealand . Tavern, SwanBtoa street, with stealing a large quantity of wearing apparel, a galvanic battery, a lot of jewellery, besides £5 in cash, and though laBt, but perhaps not lenBt, his wife and baby, appeared on remand at the Oity Police Court this morniog to aaswer tho charge. From tho evidence of the prose cutor it appeared that his brother, the priso ner, had acted as barman for him for about six or oigbt months, hut on Friday last he gave prisoner notioe to leave. On the follow ing morning prisoner left r tho hotel, and later in the day witness's .wife left with her baby, remarking that she was goiny to visit her parents at Oollingwood. Later in tho day the prosecutor missed n silver hunting watch, a silver locket, two Bilver rings, and a gold ring, a galvanic battery, half-a-dozen shirts, an overcoat, towels, baby clothing, handkerchiefs, etc., and £5 in money. Oharles Woodlock obtained a warrant for his brother's arreBt on on Monday last, and procoeded to a bouse in Madeline street, whore ho saw his wife and baby, and upon searching the room occupied by Mrs Woodlock nnd hiB brother, who were going under tho nnme of Mr nnd Mrs Glare, he found a large quantity of the elothiug taken from his wi e. Mr F. Stephen, who appeared for the accused, in the oroBe-examination of the prosecutor, en deavored to show that hie client was . a partner of his brother. This was positively denied by Obarlea Woodlook, who, howevor, etated that on the day bis brother left his ser vice he gave him £200 in cash, which amount represented twelve months' wkgea as mana ger of the hotel, and for which the prisoner gave a receipt. Subsequently the proseolitnr admitted that he gave hiB brother the £21)3 to clearjout in'.oonsequenoeof adispute having occurred between the brothers with regard to too great an intimacy existing between the prisoner and his sister-in-law. The bench considered that there was not sufficient evidence, and the prisoner was discharged; The Melbourne correspondent ',of the B al- larat Courier writeB If First ' King wins the great handicap one couple in thia city at all events will have causa to rejoice; for, toy by an extraordinary pieoe of good fortune, the husband drewthis horso in oneof Miller's sweeps, whilst his wife got him in another. I There appears ( writes the Gipp.sland Mer cury) yet a probability of Gipptlaud takingits place among the coal-bearing districts of ttie colony. We have already a . coal mine near Moe of sufficient importance tobs made a sub ject of litigation, and we now are informed that a seam 4 feet thick has.heen discovered near Davis' sawmill at Stockyard Greek, arid only half-a-mile from the tramway. Should ttie expectations formed respecting this be at all realised, it will be a find of very con siderable importance. ' j A flight of pelicanB (writes the Meroury and Expresa) passed over Daylesfordon Tues day, a sight which, we are told has not been witnessed here for'over twenty . years; Mr Hammond bienght one dowe, which measured eight feet from tip to tip of ttie wings, and Bix feet from beak to tip of tail.; The Gippsland Mercury understands that it is in contemplation, if indeed it has not already been done, to invite the Chief Secre tary and other Ministers to visit 8ale at the time of the Caledonian sports, and at this same time . to give the looal Reform League an opportunity of having their hands strengthened by the presence and counsel of experienced politicians. ; We learn from the Ballarat Courier that about one o'clock this morniog a fire broke out in the premises known as Elsworth's woollen and flock mills, near the junction of Barkly street with the Main road. The premises, which have been recently erected, were rather extensive, and the immense volume of flame caused by the combustible nature of the materials in the building, created great alarm amongst the residents in the neighborhood, The Eastern Fire Bri gade, however, being so near the scene of the outbreak, wore very quickly on the spot, and, with a good pressure of watar, prej vented the fire from spreading. There was no wind at the time, otherwise the conse quences might have been more serious, as the buildings in the vicinity are built of wood. We could not ascertain how the fire origi nated. The Western Brigade also lent their aid, but the distance they had to travel pre vented them from being of mnch service in the early part of the conflagration. Mr Elsworth estimates his loss at over £300, neither tho premises nor contents being in sured. The return hall to the Mayor of Melbourne and Mrs Figdon, in the Town Hall, last night, was well attended, and proved mosteujoyable. About 1000 ladies aud gentle men were present, and dancing was kept up in a spirited manner until an early hour this morning. Many of those present were, in evening dresB, but the number of fauoy dresses worn was sufficient to render the scene a pleasing and animated one. The band was excellent, the floor in good order, and the viands — supplied by Messrs Clements and Phipps — were plentiful and of the best kind, The arrangements generally were very satis factory. According to the Ballarat Courier, there has beeu a great f alling-off lately in the at tendance at the different night schools in the town, and to what cause to ascribe the dimi nished attendance the teachers do not know. Probably, if the parents of thoBe children on, the rolls who are under the age of fifteen years know that it is mecessary that every school meeting should be attended, they may cause their children to be more regular. The Geelong Advertiser reports that a very wonderful performing dog of the cooker Bpaniel epecieB is owned by Mr G. E. Southey, of the Railway department, 'Yesterday evcniDg a private performance was geveu at; Mr B. Southey's Geelong Hotel in Yarra street, which was witnessed by a number of', the friends of the owner of tho dog. From ; the actious of the animal one would imngiue that it was thoroughly acquainted with the English language. At tho modest request tj shut a door the dog, without receiving nay further orders, at once obeyed, and took par ticular paluB to sec that the door was closely locked. On being asked to have a drink the animal bowed its head, indicated a whiskey : bottle, and received a decent sized nobbier as eagerly as the most inveterate whisky drinker. With the agility of a. fireman the dog extinguished lighted matches in nil directions, and, feeling in a comical mood, ran to a spot where n five shilling piece had been buried, returned with the money and placed it in the hotelkeeper's band for the purpose of paying for drinks for the spectators. A variety of other tricks were performed with surprising skill, Bnffi- cient to earn the warm applause of thoso who witnessed the performances, and which was acknowledged by the spaniel in a very grace ful manner. Mr Soutboy is to be requested to give another private exhibition in a few days. The Melbourne city hand will play the following selections in the Fitzroy Gardens on Saturday afternoon, from half-past 3 ta half-past 6 p.m. weather permitting:— 1. Quick maroh— They all have a mate but me, Hare. 2. Waltz — Songs of the wood, Tinney. 3\. Selection— Martha, Flotow. 4 Quadrille. — Le PalaiB di l'Industrie, Oroisez, 6. Se lection — Grand DuchesB, Offenbach. 6. Yalse — Messenger of Love, Cook. 7. Grand , Selection — Sea-side Echoes, Hare, 8, Galop — Uber Stock, Unce Stein, FauBt, 8. Finalo —God save the Queen. 