SYDNEY. SYDNEY, March 9. (FROM OCR OWN* CORRESPONDENT.) The question as to the propriety of members of Parliament following the calling of laud agents has Wen pretty decisively settled in the negative; and in deference to the opinion of the House, the Colonial Secretaiy has absolutely disposed of his business as land agent. Curiously enough, however, the Government of which Mr. Fitzpatrick is a member declines to take any action to enforce the principle which has been recognised by tlie step referred to. Surely this is inconsistent. If it were held by Ministers that the question raised bv Mr. Greenwood was a mere quibble, why did Mr. Fitzpatrick resign his business ? If, on the other hand, they saw the impropriety complained of, why did they not adopt some measures lo put an end to the evil ? We find, however, Mr. Farnell answering a query as to the intentions of the Government in the following terms 1 " The present Colonial Secretary, who, previous to his acceptance of office, had acted as a land agent, his, in defereuce to the resolution of the House, absolutely disposed of liis business as such land agent. Beyond this the Government do not feel called upon to take any steps to give efTect lo the resolution. Of course, practical effect could only be given to it by an Act of Parliament; but it is not the present intention of the Government to introduce a Bill." This does not appear to me a very satisfactory way of disposing of the business." Mr. Goodchap, Commissioner for Railways, has iuet returned from a tour of inspection of the Western Railway. It has been decided as the result of his inspection to increase the siding and platform accommodation at several of I he stations and to carry out a number of other necessan' J improvements. In the Legislative Assembly, on Wednesday in committee of supply, a question of some interest l0 W ^ S * " * r th i", e 6u . b .' ect of debate. 5 & S ? " e m ° Ved omission of tbe item of £3000 for deepening the Yauko cutting, which he contended was a work intended for the benefit of a few wealthy squatters who had already made fortunes out of the Yanko reser.es. Mr D v sumiorted the action taken by Mr. M'Elhone and 8 1>™S into whose hands the land had passed were the proper persons to expend nioS Urt&'m™- on that Mr. Day had been one to vote for the throwing open of the reserve; aud said that he thoi t le fact of the land having been aliLuted w fo lUelf sufficient cause for the work being carried out. Mr. Day said it was true that he had voted for throwing open this Yanko Creek, but if he had known it would be thrown open in the way it was, and that the House would'be swindled X the way it had been, he would never have voted for it. The Minister for Lands of the day nro mised that it should be thrown 6p t« on a Thmslay but it was thrown open on a Tuesday, and m the meantime, by means of Volunteer fi orders and improvements, the eyes oftheLnSv were picked out. He considered that he }md been swindled out of his vote on that ocL 0? It was not the duty or the Government toT<3 moijicy to enhance the value of the private S perty of those who purchased it at half iu value After some further discussion, in the courser which Mr. M'Elhone feaid that oiS-haK tW selections on the Yanko weredunnny selections the ame ndn, ent for the reduction of the i t S S rejected, and the full sum passed. In the Legislative Council, 011 Wednesday Mr Holt called attention to a'custom too long adhered to in our criminal courts Ial ludeto the .practice of causing apewonbn trial for any offence, to stand up % tie dockM? Holt moved a resolution to the effect that p S tiers should not be com; all, unless in the <H~ reason to apprcben violent conduct on .— no also moved that all jinsoricra ujiou their trial should be allowed to sit or fetandattheir option. I am sorry to say that the motion was negatived and that by a large majority. Unfortunately 110 debate took place upon the subject, eo that the public are in the dark as to the reasons which caused the rejection' of BO Very SENSIBLY proposal. Mr. Holt pointed out very truly that the practice he deprecated was altogether opposed lo the as- 6uuipt ion recognised inBritish 3 urisprudence,.f\ a prisoner's innocence, until the jury, found him guilty ; but the arguments were thrown away only lour members voting in favor of the lnotiou' out of a House of 19. ' ' On the same evening Mr. Markqetated, iu answer to a question from Mr. Riohdrdsbn, that the railway between Quirindi and Tamworth would be ready for opening in August " The Devil in Sydney " is the title of a satincal publication of a very low type, written by one Harold Grey, the author of " Tfie Pilgrim." The work gives evidence of some literary power on the part of the writer, but it is eo abonitnably coarse and scurrilous that it is beneath criticism It sells, however—so much for the public taste! The question of railway extension to the suburbs is again attracting attention. Yesterday a pnblic meeting was held and a committee appointed to watch the progress through. Parliament of measures bearing on the subject j t and the mayors of various suburban municipalities were invited to form other committees ior the same purpose. I wonder if the trading portion of the community, several of whom have taken an active part in the movement, have been at the plains to consider the probable consequences of success in .their attempt, from a business point of view. • ,' Witli reference to the grievance of the butchers in the matter of being prohibited from slaughtering lambs and calves in the city, a 'deputation of leading members of the trade waited upon the Mayor and set forth their cause of complaint They put it rather amusingly that they had been " persecuted " a term the use of which caused a subdued grin to pervade the countenance of his Worship, who, however, promised to lay the matter before the Council, and said he felt that the trade had been rather hardly dealt with. I should not be at all averse to ,£1000 per annum and a comfortable apartment in one of the public offices, but at the same time I should.feel a little uncomfortable in the billet when the time came round for passing the Estimates. Then is the period when non. members delight to get rid of superfluous bile by pitching into the Civil Service from the unfortunate heads of departments down to the messengers. The last onslaught was made yesterday evening in the Assembly upon the Colonial Architect, who was very roughly handled. One hon. member went'so far as to say that Miv Barnet did not understand his business, and that it would be to the advantage of the country if he were eeut to England for a couple of years on full salary, in order to qualify himself for the discharge of his duties. The principal charge brought forward, however, and one the truth of wlrch was generally admitted, was the great delay which always occurred in the erection of public buildings after the work had been authorised. Country members were very severe 011 this point, and there seems to be no doubt of the existence of good cause for the complaint But the fault nevertheless does not lie with the Colonial Architect The staff in this office is altogether unequal to the requirements of the service, and unless some steps be taken to put it on a better footing, the work will drift more hopelessly into arrears than it has over done before. Mr. George Da)', in the course of the debate which took place on this item, spoke in forcible terms of the delays which had pccurred in the construction of public works in your district, and on the same evening he asked the Minister to state when the Albury Gaol would be commenced, receiving a reply to the effect that the work would be begun as soon as some necessary alterations in the plan had been effected. „, . . . , , Mfrwh lh ihe colony is indebted to Mr. Win^eyer, the member for the University, for an attempt to supply the missing link between our public schools and the University. Mr. Wiudeyer proposes to establish Grammar schools; at several of the chief provincial towns, and to provide for the free education therein of a certain number of pupils by the establishment of scholarships to be competed for by pupils at the public schools. Scholarships tenable 4 the Univorsity are also to be open to competition among the boys, at the Grammar schools. I fancy that both of these propositions are good ones, as filling up a nap in our educational system which lias been yawning only too lon-r. The University, as well as the liublic schools, is Inrgely subsidised by the State, out its advantages are at present only ,»t the scryice ol the wealthy classes, whilst* under, a system which permitted youths of ability to obtain scholarships, the poorest would have a chance of sharing in the boon which thet country provides. It is said, however, that the fact of sucha motion having been brought forward by the member for the University, coupled with tlie circumstance that oue of the Professors * few years since made a tour of the colony, with die oVuect of establishing bursaries, is a tolerably sufficient prool that the University is something t^Wt-tM the , enormous .expense incurred in building and maintenance yields*pch a sorry result m the number of, m^vj^iaate? on wake .those direjiif Tonn^d ^ i^ni^M, J t - vtnkcfiome special mea<Ro ideate the atteudancc for very shames sake? You Trmv "Tliirlinn. "L J.'. ; i « I' 1 -»•.,[[ I;, 4 a gopdtaiany country aistrict8.i5ii , it i Si : M' ,s im- Murray. At aU events hois wett jggm as a preacher! of .rather indifferent sonnbnB. ! Of late he has abated this callipg andiaken ty periodical literature, having assumed the editorship ai a weekly rejoicing In the title of The Wasp. A few days agoho senta letter to the Speaker of the (Asscinply asking for ft permanent pass to the hjporter's gallery, for the purpose of '< watching ttnd rbportlng any proceedings whioh ho ..might ifoel inclined to bring under publio notice." . The space in the gallery being already quite cramped enough for the accommodation of reporters ot the li&tly; papers, tho request was not complied with; but the Sneaker informed Mr. Campbell that ho might nave a card to the Speaker's galleryon application. 'Mr. Campbell upon this Bont amost iuipertinent ,letter, stating that he felt "disgusted" .at the treatment he baa received, arid threatening to expose the Speaker by inserting in The Wasp "a cau'stio leader" on the subject headed " Tyranny and suobbery in high places." The matter was brought before the House by the Speaker, but it was shown that nothing could be done in the .way of punishing Mr. Campbell. It was suggested, however.. that neither the Sneaker nor any member should gito Mr. Campbell an order for admission to the gallery. • I was much amused the other evening at a scene which occurred in the Theatre Royal during the representation of the highly- sensational melodrama " Back from the Grave." In one of the acts is represented a fire 6cene, in which the whole stage appears to be in (lames, and the principal actor in imminent danger of being burned to death. The scene is managed very well, and the illusion is perfect. I need not tell you of course that it is an illusion, and that as a nutter of fact there is no fire on the 6tago at all, the effect being produced by means of colored glass and a clever manipulation'of the magnesium light from the wings. One stout lady in tho pit, however, evidently an unsophisticated old party not in the habit of attending theatrical entertainments, iound the representation altogether too realistic. She firmly believed that the fire was real bona tide flame, and with a muttered f For God's sakq, let me get out," she made desperately for the doors, and not until she was safely without the precincts of the theatre, and calmed by a sedative draught of pale brandy and peppermint, could she be indftced to believe that the whole building was not in course of destruction, or that she had. not had a very narrow escape from a dreadful death. March 13. The recent "jumping " case, in which an old shepherd named Day, very unceremoniously took ossession of a valuable property near the city j E as not been settled. quite so easily as was anticipated. In fact up to the present date the " jumper" has got considerably the best of it. The person who up till recently held the lai^l.—a man named ,Molloy—took criminal proceedings against Day for stealing the keys, but he is unable to show any title to the ground, better than Day's, and so lie is not in a position to oust the present occupant. The case is a curious one, and has Riven riBe to & rumour that many other valuable estates in and around Sydney are held by persons whose titles if tested would be found to be worthless. At any rate it is known in manr cases theoriginaldeedshaveneverbecn transferred; and the holders are uujuiown. Perhaps theyor their descendants may yet turn up some day as old Day has done, and turn out the present Occupants. Iu some instances the holders of Such properties have made themselves safe under the Torrens Land Act, and in their case of course any low arising from the 6udden appearance of a " rightful owner" would fall upon the .Land Act assurance fund, which bos not hitherto been the subject ot any heavy demands. Tiie Rev. Charles Clark is announced as again likely to put in an appearanoe in Sydney, prefeumably ou another lecturiug tour, else wuy the advertisement " Charles CJark is coming." The general impression here is that the second advent of the whilome Baptist preacher will scarcely be so successful as his first visit. Why this opinion should be!entertained I don't know, seeing that the great orator "drew" well up to the time of his departure.. A good deal of alarm-was occasioned in the city on Saturday concerning a case of small-pox said to be. on board the Pacific Mail Company's steamer City of Sydney. It seems that a seaman on the vessel named had been, ill for two or three days with a , disease which was pronounced ultimately to be small-pox. The health officer or the port was duly notified of the case ty the ehip's surgeon, and measures were taken at once for'the isolation of the patient., The vessel was also placed in quarantine. There appears, however, to be some doubt even yet as to whether the case is really one of variola. way of novelty in the matter of amusements wo are promised on Friday evening next an exhibition of "A substantial ghost," The illusion I believe is the same as that exhibited many years ago at the Polytechnic in Regentstreet, London, and will be new to Sydney folk. 1'rom what I remember of the affair it is well worth seeing. ; The New Guinea craze has not yet died out after V A ™ i,in R vessel—the Colonist—is to be laid miot Port Moresby at once, and will sail this {Jay week calling at Cooktown and Townsville, j r r ^ of 'P RS8n 8 e money has been fixed at £12 nnd I'hear that more than half of tho accommodation has been engaged already. Each passenger will be allowed newt, of luggage. It is intended that the vessel shall remain about six months in New!Guinea. ; To show that, inuch^f th?; fuss made about the alleged digress amongst tlie Wallsend miners, is gross exaggeration- ! T riiecd offly-qucto'tlib''following id vertiseiuoiit from to-daysffe/uM :*-",T<5 ^stressed cpal mineiv.-Einployment.has been btul wanted) 30 competent coaUvAiers. Apply immediately to.tijc Mapngcr at Grata." I he defendants ty the alleged swindle over the New^e tffo&i; te Welt to Uf M a ® BcUch folding tfebfc>a,prtmfe fdcio case W 1 • notfcaen made oufci This result of Uie trial has not.Vy pny means given general satisfaction, the almost universal opuiion being that thecabe ought to have been sent to a jury. ^ ' I bear that nearly all tho immigrants who lately arrived here found employment fn some shape or other, excepting those I>y the Northbrooke; this vessel being still in quarantine. 