luputtlja i^raliu TUESDAY, JULY 29, 1878. SOUTHERN MATTERS. "We are sorry to find that our articles advocating tlie postponement of the commencement o£ the works at Victor Harbor, and opposing the pro posal to construct the Mount Barker line have aroused the ire of a writer in the Southern Argus^ who appears to think it impossible our remarks could have been penned ia other than a party spirit. It is the misfortune of those who oppose public expenditure on public grounds to be so misunder stood by those who would be specially benefited by the proposed expenditure, and we suppose we must put up with our share of this unfortunate result. At the same time we strongly protest against the conclusion which our con temporary has arrived at, because it is utterly ineorrect. We have considered all these matters not in the light of local feelings, but from a national standpoint; the questions suggesting themselves being, will the proposed works pay directly, or, if not, will the indirect benefits to be derived by the community be such as will justify the expenditure even though the direct benefits be lacking? And ia both these respects the answers appear to us to be in the negative. We may be wrong. We make no pretence to infallibility of, judgment, but having arrived at what we believe to be a correct conclusion, we should fall short of the proper discharge of our duty if we did not express our views and give our reasons for arriving at such con clusions. Mr. Bright's motion has been negatived by a large majority, so that it is hardly worth while to con tinue the discussion of that subject, but we would point out that that motion did not ask that the work at Victor Harbor resolved upon by the last Parliament should be abolished, but simply that it should be delayed. Our contemporary states that whilst we say " the power of Parliament to revoke measures passed by previous Parliaments should be very carefully used, in fact, never exercised except in very special cases " we fail even to attempt to prove that this was a special case. Passing by the misquo tation that our remarks applied simply to public works and not to measures generally, we would re mark that we did show in both that and former articles that this is a special case. Some time baek there was a great division of feeling as to which would be the better way to secure the Murray trade—by means (as the Murray mouth was not navi gable), or by connecting Port Ade laide and North-West Bend by rail way. Whilst we always urged that if the Murray mouth could by a practicable outlay be made navigable ; that was the proper way of securing j trade, as it could not, then the posi tion we took was that one of the two alternative routes whieh should be deemed best should be adopted, and that all possible means should be used to induce the trade to come by that route. The Worth-West Bend route was decided on; and yet, shortly after, the expenditure at Victor Harbour was agreed on with a view of bring ing the Murray trade thither- Now comes the special reason for the delay. If the North-West Bend line, which is nearly completed, does secure the river trade and proves equal to it, it would of course be foolish to expend so large a sum of money to lead it to Victor Harbor—that is if the subject is regarded from a national standpoint—and therefore we con tended that it would have been better to have delayed the works for twelve or eighteen months in. order to have ascertained how far the North-West j Bend line proves a success. At least this line will somewhat ease the trade ; at Victor Harbor, and therefore as a j certain amount of trade has been done there in the past with existing facili- j ties, it would not have militated to j any great extent against its success to j have gone on as it was for a short time longer. Even now the result of the division 011 Mr. Bright's motion is due we believe more to the feeling i shared in by ourselves that it is as a rule an undesirable thing to interfere j with the decisions of previous ^ Par | liaments as to public works sanctioned by them, rather than approval of the work itself until circumstances shall show it to be necessary. And, as we ! said before, we know that at least one ! member of the Ministry, as also the j professional heads of departments, ! have expressed themselves adversely to the utility of the work:to be under taken at Port Victor. So far as we ourselves are concerned if the North W est Bend line does not answer the desired end of securing the Eiverina trade, we should be only too glad to support any other scheme for doing so, no matter whether the outlet therefor was situate north or south of Adelaide. We want to secure the Biverma trade for the benefit of the Province atlaTge, and not simply for that of any one portion of it. Then, again, as to our opposition to the construction of the line to Mount Barker ; that also is regarded by our contemporary as being attributable to a feeling of North v. South. It is nothing of the sort.. The great objec tion in the way of constructing lines j of railway from Adelaide to the south is the engineering difficulty presented by the Hills. If it can be shown that a railway can be constructed at a cost on whieh the traffic available will pay interest and working cost we should say make it. But as yet we fail to see that this can be done. It is one of the natural advantages which the country to the north possesses that there is an almost entire absence of engineering difficulties to be overcome in the construction of rail way lines; but whilst this would not have justified the construction of railways unless there was sufficient trade to warrant it, it must be admitted that even with the same amount of trade the railways would not have been so likely to have been sanctioned had there been any great engineering difficulties in the way- The Southern Argus talks about the way public works in the north are underaken, from which no possible benefit, but rather injury accrues to the southern tax payer. That is putting the matter in the light of North v. South with a vengeance. The true test of the value of any public work to the colony is not will it benefit or injure northern or southern residents, but will it be o f advantage to the colony as a whole. The bulk of expenditure is bound to be where it will be most reproductive or lead to the good of the greatest number. If, as the Southern A/rgns appears to anticipate, the South should become altogether depopulateditcanbe hardly expected that as large an amount of the public revenue should be expended there as in centres of population else where. If one thought fit to use the same line of argument as is used by our contemporary we could point to the fact that whilst the south was ill possession of splendid roads made at public cost, tlie north for many years after it began to be prosperous had neither roads nor railways. We think that if a return was called for, show ing the amount expended on the con struction and maintenance of roads to the south of Adelaide during the last thirty years the total would be some thing astonishing. We should object just as much to the construction of a railway in the north which would not pay as we do to the Mount Barker railway ; though in some of the out lying districts the colony would gain nearly as much as the railway would cost by the enhanced value which would be given to the Crown Lands through which the line would pass, an argument which cannot be adduced in favour of the southern line. Sebious Chabge.—Mr. Boys, the licensed, teacher at Clarendon, Las been committed for trial on two charges of indecent assault on his female pupils, as also on one charge of a still more serious nature. _ Picxitbe Sals.—We would draw the atten tion of our readers to the sale of oil paintings, engravings, &c.;, to be held by Mr. D. W. Melvin at Adelaide to-morrow; many of the lots are said to be very choice. The Late Case op Dbowibg. — We regret to say that despite the diligent search by the police the body of the young man who was drowned on Friday week, whilst attempt ing to cross the ford at McCarthy's Grossing, has not et been discovered. Bank* Change.—We note that Mr. Alexander, Manager of the English and Scot tish Sank at Moonta, has been appointed the successor of Mi*. Ridings (transferred to Mount Qambier) at Ejapunda. The KAPtrsDA Hospitai.—We would re mind subscribers and the public generally of the meeting to be held at the Institute tViia evening to take into consideration the present financial position of the Hospital, and to consider what steps shall be taken to promote the best interests of the Institution in future. Lascent.—On Friday last, a man named Campbell was brought before Messrs. Nock and Coles, Justices, charged with stealing money from the till at the Royal Hotel, Eu dunda. He -was tried under the provisions of the Minor Offences Act, and being found guilty, was sentenced to two months' impri sonment. Skating- Sink.—It will be seen by adver tisements in another column, that Messrs. Bastard, Son, & Lee open a skating rink in Kapunda to-night (Tuesday), in a room in Kapunda-street, when we hope the success attending the propretors in Adelaide and elsewhere will also be experienced here. It is announced that after the opening night the I rink will be opened three nights per #eek. ! Kapunda Agbiccxtubax Society. — A meeting of the Commifctse was held at Crase's Room, on Saturday afternoon, at which there I was a fair attendance of members. The chair ! w as occupied by. Mr. W. Flavel, J.P. The minutes of previous meeting having been read and confirmed, it was resolved that a plough ing match and show of stock and implements , should be held on Thursday, August 15. The prize-list was then discussed and settled, and the following sub-committee appointed to select the site and make arrangements, viz. Messrs. FLavel, Lewis, Ford, Rogers, Hemson, I KausBwoIl, Treloar, Cullinan, and Prior; , Messrs Flavel, Scandrett, and Oldham being appointed a sub-committee to make arrange ments for the dinner. Tenders for right to erect booth to be invited as soon as'site is fixed. Mr. T. 3?- Oldham was requested to re-accept the position of Hon. Sec., to which he kindly acceded. Mr. J. Prior's name was added to the Committee. The prize-list will be found in another column, and will yet probably be enlarged by the addition of several special prizes. Sale of Fheehoi'd and Leasehold Pbo PEETIES.—We learn from the Register that, Mr. 3. H. Parr, with Messrs. Liston Shakes, & Co., held an important sale of freehold and leasehold properties, with 46,296 sheep, at White's Rooms, on Friday, July 26, by order of the executors and executrix of the late John and Alfred Hallett. There was a large attendance of buyers, and the property was all sold. The Winninmnie Station, 100 miles north-east of the Burra, with improvements, and containing about 385 square miles and running 22,939 sheep, was bought by Messrs. Home and Stirling at 27s. 6cL per head. The Mutooroo Run, containing 531 square miles, about 70 miles east of Winnininnie, on the Barrier Range, was sold with improvements for £11 5s. per square mile, Mr. R. Barr Smith being the buyer. The Wandillah Estate of 14,146 acres of freehold, situated about five miles north of Kooringa, was sold for £3 Is. per acre without sheep, the mova bles to be taken at a valuation. Mr. E. Bowman was the purchaser. Mr. H. Dawson bought the Caroona Run, comprising 165 square miles, lying near Kooringa and having 23,357 sheep, at 14s. per head. On another account Mr. Parr offered Lease No. 2214, Class C, in Mutooroo, 107 square miles, which' was knocked down to Mr. R. Barr Smith. Ghost Stories. — The Southern Argus mentions that a young woman has been de tected in Strathalbyn personating a ghost, which role she assumed to the no small dis comfort of a number of nervous people. As a, rule ghost stories belong to the days of the past, but we occasionally hear of aghosty visitor in our own times, though fortunatel y or unfortunately the romance of the thing ig usually destroyed now-a-days by the detection of some person, who taking advantage of the ghostly reputation of the premises, assumes the character for the time being. Who knows but that perhaps after all there might have been some such explanation in a case which recently occurred up Forth ? If so it is a pity the explanation was not forthcoming at the time, as then the gentleman who was its victim need not have so unceremoniously abridged his viBit. The circumstances to which we allude are as follows:—A well known member of Parliament recently called at a sheep-station in the Far North, intending to spend a few days there. On arrival he ! found the gentleman who was to have been ! his host absent, but was most hospitably re- j ceived by the ladies of the family. It appeal's ! that this head station has by some means j acquired the reputation of being haunted, a j reputation which in the home country usually attaches itself only to very old castles and other feudal residences. In the course of the evening the conversation chanced to turn on this subject; our worthy legislator pooh-pooh ing the idea, and expressing his utter die belief in such stories and his profound contempt for such ghostly visitants. In due course the | party broke up, and retired to then- respective couches, but not all to sleep the sleep of the just, for just about the witching hour of midnight our worthy legislator was awakened by the shaking of his bedstead, and on look ing saw at his bedstead the veritable ghost—a very tall figure dressed in white. Fear seized Ms troubled breast, and he was therefore un able to seize the ghost, which in a moment glided noiselessly away. In the morning he was up betimes, both looking and feeling very pale. One of the ladies of the family on meeting him remarked on his careworn ap pearance, and he sought relief to his troubled feelings by pouring into her sympathizing ear his sad tale of woe. The lady did her best to calm him, and begged him not to mention the fact to her sister (who by the way "was much taller than herself) lest it might seriously upset her, as 6he was so nervous. One singular feature in the affair is that despite the worthy M.P.'s contempt for ghosts he did not care to risk a second interview with the figure in white, but somewhat ungaHantly framed an excuse ,for at once bringing his visit to an abrupt conclusion. A Peculiar Cash.—In the County Court on June 17, Samuel Barron, a young , man, sued Annie Smith, of Nicholson-street, Col lingwood, a young woman to whom he had been previously engaged, to recover £60, the •value of goods illegally detained. Mr. Hood appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Quinlan for the defendant. The things claimed con sisted of household furniture and domestic utensils, which Mrs. Smith had purchased with money advanced to her by Barron. These chattels were to have comprised the stock-in-trade of the parties on the marriage, which, however, never came off, as they quarrelled and parted. The plaintiff said Miss Smith took offence at him on the occasion of the Eight Hours Anniversary, through see ing him walking with another young lady. On the other hand, Miss Smith stated that it was on account of some disrespectful remarks which the plaintiff had made respecting her. It was proved, however, that the plaintiff had paid her £1 per week for twelve months, and that on the breaking off of the engagement she refused to give up the furniture or return the money, her mother having been heard to remark that she would sooner break up the things than that Barron should get them. This, however, was denied by Mrs. Smith. The substantial defence was that the plain tiff had made an absolute gift of the money, and valuables bought with it. Judge Cope gave a verdict for £53, to be reduced to £3 on return of the goods within three days, together with £9 9s. costs.—Leader. Reminiscence of the Late Eael Jobs BtjsseIiI..—Our City Correspondent writes:— "The following has been kindly handedto me by an hon. member of our Legislative Council. It may be interesting to some of your readers. It is a copy of Lord John's address to the electors of Bedford on his defeat by Captain Polhill in August, 1830, at the general election consequent on the death of George IV. Mr. Whitbread headed the poll with 515 votes, Polhill polled 491, and Lord John Russell 490 •-—'To the independent electors of the Borough of Bedford. Gentle men—The final close of the election has left me in a minority of one. This nominal superiority of my opponent I have reason to think would disappear upon an accurate and regular investigation of the votes. But, however I may think proper to act hereafter, I cannot forego this opportunity of thanking my friends in general for their constant, etedfast, and disinterested exertions, and if the Protestant Dissenters amongst you feel satisfied with my exertions in Parliament towards obtaining for them a full participa tion in every constitutional privilege of our common country, I have my gratifying reward in seeing the ardour with which they embraced my cause and unwearied perseverance in sup porting it during this long and arduous con test. Of others it is useless to complain. Some thought my election so certain that they would not take the trouble of canvassing a vote in my favour. Numbers were led away by the unfounded notion that they were establishing their independence, which was never in danger. A portion far too large for your credit were induced to break promises on. which I relied by the practice of treating in public houses. But I will not proceed. Let it suffice to say that I solicited your suffrages —neglecting invitations from other and larger bodies of constituents—because I thought the numerous benefits which this town has re ceived from my family and my own constant attendance in Parliamentary business would give me a claim to your favour and support. I confess I was deceived. But, gentlemen, in the bitterness of this disappointment it is a satisfaction to me that my political conduct has not been assailed, and that my character remains unimpeached by anything that has happened during this election. It will be for you to reflect whether the rejection of my services and the dissolution of an ancient connection will be of any benefit to your local independence and prosperity, or to your general reputation and advantage. I have the honour to be, gentlemen, your humble servant, (signed) John Russeli. Bedford, August 13 th, 1830.'" Vebt Innocent.—Our City Correspondent states :—" The Australasian of last week con tains a funny little story about a mild young curate calling on a widow recently bereaved, and asMng the ages of the children j being shown the baby and told it was six months •old, he innocently asked if it was the youngest. But I can beat that i I was present on a cer tain occasion last year when a Government official was asking a gentleman the ages of his children, he enquired 'How old is the youngest?' The reply was twelve months. I And how old is the next ?' ' Oh,5 said the father,' the next is eight' (not specifying eight years). ' What, eight months F' gravely asked the official. But here is a better one still, which I give on the authority of a Clergyman of the Anglican Church. Some time ago a brother Clergyman was about to leave the colony for New South Wales, and Clergyman No. 1 took him to a shipping office at the Port to arrange about Ilia passage by a Railing vessel. Having introduced his friend Clergyman No. 2, the agent for the ship en quired what he could have the pleasure of doing for him. Clergyman No. 2, who slightly affected the Dundreary style of speaking, said ' Aw, I've come to see about aw passage I for myself and family aw, by the Walrus.' 1 'Yes,' replied..the agent.'and of how many does your family consist ?' ' Aw, well, there's myself and my wife and six children.' * And what ages are the children, may I ask ?' * Aw, well, there's one 'bout six months old —that's the youngest; well then there's one i 'bout twelve or fourteen months, that's the next; and aw there's another 'bout eighteen or twenty months.' The polite and amiable agent could no longer restrain his risibility, but laughing said, ' Excuse me, Mr. S , but is this true that you are telling me?' Clergyman No. 2, rather warmly, ' True, sir; yes, sir; I'm aw Clergyman of the Church of England, and I never say what's not true,' II beg your pardon, I did not mean to offend you, but perhaps they are not all your own children ?' Clergyman No. 2,' Do you mean to insult me, sah ? aw yes, sah! they are my children, they are my wife's children and mine too.' ' Allow me to ask you,' said the agent,' how they have possibly been born at such short intervals as you name, six months to twelve or fourteen, and then to eighteen or twenty months ? ' Aw, well, perhaps I'm not exactly correct,* said Clergyman No. 2, ' but 1 don't know how a fellah's to be ex pected to know the ages of all his children.' Clergyman No. 1., with the agent, had a hearty laugh at the expense of his simple brother." 