ODD . NOTES. :J1Y A BOHEMIAN.. .. Tub Russiuns' uto in. Constantinople, either* actually or virtually., They have possession of the lines by ?which alone it can be defended, bo the city ia theirs nnyway. All right-let tnem be there! I hope tlioy will make themselves an comfortable as possibfs /under-the circum stances, and as for myself-Xwill try. to pndure it calmly- I am not going to worry or Jjet myself into a state .of- excitement .about il* Why should they not be at Constantinople ? They fought hard enough for it,- and have bten long enough on the road. Constantinople does ! not belong to England, and the Turks hav» proved to be a bigoted, self-conceited, niulisb lot, who claim the right to borrow..money i and never . pay it back again; rob i and murder wherever and whenever they can do it with impunity, and turn, round on such of their best friends and well- wishers who do not choose to be mere tools and puppets to move ai their bidding. People like these , Turks iym only be brought to hear sense and reason after a good hammering. If I hav* any particular feeling on the. . subject, it is a strong hope that we havo heard the last of their domineering, over-bearing, ' pig-headed obstinacy in Europe for some years to come. As . for going to war with Russia for having licked the Turks into this becoming attitude I am more disposed to pat them on the back for having * performed a disagreeable, but necessary task. It will be time for England to go to. war with Russia, when the latter power attempts to domineer over her or meddle with her property in any part of the worlds So far, I think Russia has acted in a very moderate and becoming manner towards Eng land in this war-all things considered. You remember at the beginning, fhe English Government admitted that the Turks were not governing their Christian subjects in a manner that could be tolerated by the Christian Powers. She sent ai representative to a conference at Constantinople to insist upon this view of the question. At this conference Turkey, politely informed the' representatives of the great Powers there assembled that ? she would govern her Christian subjects exactly as she pleased,- and would allow of ' no inter ference from ?; any one, after which she politely showed" the' members of the Confer ence " the vdoor. The English representa tive ; thereupon dropped hia -'tail ' between his legs' and ''sneaked' off ' home. '? Russia said Turkey- should not do exactly a* Bhe liked with her' Christian ;subjects in Europe; and if Nobody else would take up the quarrel she would-^-and this, so far, is the result. I doJi't see anything to'go to war with Russia for about this business up to date. Russia has done what England wanted to do, but dare not, and if she now makes the Turks pay for the expense of licking them-so be it. But a late telegram from England says the Conserva^es of Lon donhave had a great demonstration, and wound up by smashing Mr. Gladstone's windows and those at the office of the Daily News. That only proves that the Conservatives are the stupid doifkies sensible men have always repre sented them to be. The breaking of Mr. Glad stone's -windows did not*:prove that he wa^ wrong in his views on the Eastern question -it only proved - that theso Conservatives thought him wrong*, and had; no*-better - argu ments1 to confute him than stones and brickbats. Their sympathies for the Turks are easily ex plained; But if they are so anxious to help the Turks, why did they not go over to them when therowas good hard fighting to be donef These brickbat Conservatiyes aro iio doubt the lineal "descendants ot the . sympathisers. with slavery, and the secession war -iu *the TJnited States; the men who gloried in having fur nished their friends with the Alabama, and let the country in for afiuo ' of eight ^ millions of -pounds sterling for the damage'she was alleged to have done. : -This* was . a great" achievement certainly,7 but I don't feel proud of it: These Conservatives who are just now; howling for .war with Kussia are not politicans that 'I can admire. ?. They put me io mind of politicians much nearer home-I mean uiy .Queensland home. Enthusiastic noodles who are always scenting danger afar off, aud lashing themselves into fury about things which are never likely to happen. At one time they will assure you, in all earnest ness, that we aiein imminent danger of losing our religious, liberties, through the machina tions of the Jesuits, or some other Popish secret society, and but for their vigilence the awful catastrophe would havo fallon upon us ere now. At another ; time we are . solemnly warned against the dangors which threaten our civil and. political ; rights. through a conspiracy among the' publicans to rob us of them. Then agaiu it is somo other ghost , which is conjured ? up by the fertile imaginations of the alarmists, in order to frighten plain, . matter-of-fact people. And .if jou receive their statements .with any sign of incredulity, ; ;they get out.of vtempor with, you, call you bad names, and only require a little more provoca tion to apply the paving-stone and brick-bat argument of the London Conservatives^ Years ago I used.to be a little scared by these stories, bat I have outgrown that feeling* now. I am, and no doubt always shall be, a Protestant of a very pronounced type, but the religious liberty I claim for myself I am willing to accord to others. As tar as I can see the Boman Catholics, Jesuits, or whatever they may be, are very much like other people. Some of the laymen of that communion are old personal .friends of mine, and I' know several priests even who are really as good-hearted, genial- fellows as one would * wish fco meet. There are black sheep in that fold, both lay and cleric-so theft are among tho Protestant seits if you look out for them. But as for conspirators-why there is about as much of that sort thing on tho one side as'there is on the other. If inen'canhot 'acquire importance and influence among their fellows without setting up the conspiracy scare it is about time they subsided into strictly, private life. It always aeons to toetha^ their little "game is to organise a real conspiracy to oppose a purely imaginary one. The conspiracy among the publicans is;just about as real as that among the Catholics-and no more. It is ^uite time we dropped all this nonsense, and began to talk sense and'reason. That is how I look at it, at all events. Pring is returned for North Brisbane, and I am rather glad of it. He has been, out of the Assembly for some years, and he says he meanB to be a good boy for the future, which, if he is not, he will catch pepper. He really can ma^e himself very useful in Parliament if he likes-and he ought to have another trial. Of course in the company of gentlemen, aa imma culate as the members of our X<egislative Assembly, Pring will feel rather shy and awkward at first, but their good example will, no doubt, stimulate him to fresh exertions in the right path, so that he may pull through \- all right with careful watching. At all events we have him on trial for a i short time. There will be a general election in another ten months at furthest) and if he has not behaved properly when that comes round we can dismiss him and put abetter in his place. There is no great harm any way. And the best thing about it is that this ..temporary occupation of the seat will give Eutledge a chance to qualify himself for North Brisbane or some other constituency by the time the general, election comes round.' At present he is \evy shaky in his politics- and ?always likely to be. He has had enough to do .to read up. for the pulpit and the bar, .without . studying politics. Ten months will enable him to c^nne out strong as a politician when he i.13. again called upon. It was rough on Bntledge this last time to drag out of the pulpit at a moment's notice, to contest . the seat of the m9st important constituency in the colony. And then again, the thing"; was not set about in the best possible manner. It is all right and proper enough for a man to be a teetotaller when he feels that he ought to be one, bat tlMt is no reason why teetotalism should be .obtruded upon people who do not feel that!way. The majority of the electors of North Brisbane are not teetotallers, and they do not feel it to be any disgrace in not having signed the pledge. Under these circumstances it was a mistake to bring out Butledge as a teetotal candidate. Why did his friends persist in arraying all the publicans against him when there was no neces sity for it ? Even though the teetotallers could have carried the election, I, for one, should have been sorry to see the contest carried out on such an issue. There are other things re quired of a member of Parliament than a pledge to abstain from all intoxicating drinks \- and devote himself to the work of passing a law to make others abstain whether they like it or not. M*Lean's career in our Assembly is not sufficiently encouraging to justify non-abstainers in adding to the number of men who are Good Templars-and nothing else. I hope to see Eutledge in Parliament before very long, because I fancy he is something more than a mere Good Templar, but it will be necessary for him to prove this before he will persuade a majority in any constituency to elect him. I am' also glad that Douglas has; had courage to break through the absurd re gulation of keeping secret the proceed ' lugs of members of Royal Commissions appointed to enquire into and report upon important public matters. This enquiry as to the best place on the river to which to extend the 1 railway, is regarded by nearly everybody in Brisbane as one of very considerable importance.' ' The proceedings of the commission, so far as taking evidence is concerned at all events, will be watched with great interest, and there is no reason on earth, that I can discover, why the public should not know what is being 6aid, and who is saying it, as the enquiry proceeds. They will then -be all the better able to judge of the value of the conclusions arrived at by the commissioners. I have no property myself likely to be effected, j and therefore can look at the matter very calmly and impartially. Personally, I don't | care two straws whether there is a branch line ; . from Oxiey to South Brisbane; from the Bris bane station to the Queen's wharf, and round the Gardens; from the fetation to Petrie's Bight, or to Bulimba. But, if asked for my opinion on public grounds, I should say, take the poods traffic to tils ships, by the, nearest p6ssiblet route/ nob to some tieV'or ot the way place where the ships will hivte \o follow the goods. However, I am c&ntent; to hear what can be said on all aues of the question-so is everybody so far as * 1 can learn-but they "YraUt to know it as' soon as possible, and a.Utile at a time.. By admitting the news*! paper reporters to the meetings, this Very natural curiosity can be gratified. If the samo rule were adopted xei& Vfopect to some of the select commit Weis of the Assembly, their labours would bft 'much more thoroughly appreciated by the public, and the information they col lected would be more widely circulated afad'j more carefully studied. 