ST. HELENA. [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] THE River Brisbane is not uninteresting to a stranger who sees it for the first time ; and even a second inspection will repay the trouble. But, like the Ghost in "Hamlet," the impo- sition is one which begins to pall upon a man after frequent repetition. This is a world in which people like to arrive at their destinations and attain their objects ; and I must confess that it is a little tantalizing, after rounding huge points, and steaming through immense reaches, to find that a cripple on dry land would have made just as much substantial progress in the same time. The windings of the Bris- bane River tend to become a weariness of the flesh. The regular travellers by this corkscrew route, such as Mr. Barron and Dr. Challinor, treat the matter with philosophical indifference ; but then they most probably regard the journey as part of the contract, and are resigned accordingly. The advocates of "low-cost" railways could hardly do better than try an experiment in the shape of a short cut to the Bay. Such a line would be as likely to attract business as any other low-cost rail- way, and would be just as likely to pay—that is to say it would not pay at all. Meanwhile the peculiar conformation of the river certainly does present one inestimable advantage. The immigrant who approaches the capital for the first time becomes convinced that he is about to enter an immense city, and is cheered up by the thought that the colony which is to be his home is proportionately powerful and prosperous. The delusion may not last long; but it is useful whilst it does last. The approach to St. Helena is very easy since the construction of the new jetty. Such a work would be useful at Dunwich ; but I suppose that neither " baccy" nor any other indulgence would induce the more robust of the inmates there to attempt the task. The national guests at St. Helena have, of course, no choice in the matter. This island is about 440 acres in area. About 217 acres may be called good land and capable of cultivation ; the remainder is pastoral. The buildings are situated, and most of the work is carried on, upon a patch of from eighty to one hundred acres, situated towards the jetty end. Considered apart from the grim building in the centre, St. Helena is interesting, nor can life in such a secluded spot be altogether a blank. The exhilarating occupation of keeping a light- house does not afford greater opportunity for study and reflection; whilst, in addition, in- dustry and care in tillage have converted a portion of this low - lying waste into a garden. The residences of all the officials bear testimony to the manner in which they seek relaxation from their melancholy duties. The grounds of the gaoler, Mr. Macdonald, are worth inspection. Here the useful and the beautiful are admirably combined ; and as a specimen of semi-tropical agriculture, this part of the island is alone well worth a visit. Mr. Macdonald successfully rears the cocoa-nut tree, and many other growths which are indigenous to a still hotter climate. The gardens of the other officials are also well tended. The gaol itself affords little scope for descrip- tion. All gaols amongst English-speaking races are much the same ; the chief difference in this case being that, as the waters of the Bay furnish an endless supply of sleepless sentinels there is the less need for close sur- veillance on the part of the officials. An attempt at escape would only be a gratuitous self-infliction of punishment. I have never been in an English prison where the convicts were not more closely watched. The cells are of the ordinary size, and contain the usual fur- niture — that is, next to nothing. The prisoners sleep upon a sort of hammock, which is more suitable for this climate than the usual Eng- lish sleeping place — a kind of berth, like that on board ship. Most of the cells are single, but there are some where several of the prisoners lodge together. These are called asso- ciated wards. The inmates can read until nine o'clock at night, are generally on a better footing than the occu- pants of the single cells. Admittance to the associated wards is only obtained by good con- duct during a period of probation. Dinner took place whilst we were on shore. The meal consisted of meat, bread, and vegetables, and the allowance was both good and plentiful. In quality the food is considerably beyond the average of such places. Indeed, the entire system pursued at St. Helena seemed to be based upon the principle that if a man is de- prived of his liberty and relegated to compul- sory labour, the punishment is sufficient, and there can be no justification for further harassing the evil-doer, unless he incurs additional chastisement by mis- conduct whilst in gaol. The principle undoubtedly works well. A good many hypocrites are always to be found in a gaol : rogues naturally dissemble in order to make tho best of a bad situation. But making all allowance for mock humility and simulated respen- tance I must pronounce the convicts at St. Helena to be the most hopeful lot I have seen. The island contains few inmates whose future does not present a chance. Of course the usual ap- paratus of punishment is provided. Indul- gences may be cut off, and Mr. Barron tells me that he ordered a man to be flogged about seven years ago. The ordinary method of punishment is by solitary confinement in the dark cell. I was invited to try the dark coll, but did not see how a momentary incarceration would enable me to realise half-a-dozen hours in such a place. A well-known Australian writer tried the experiment; but it is one thing to enter a dark cell of your own free will, quite another to be thrust in whether you like it or not. My advice to the gentle reader is— keep out. To the gentleman who assumes the name of "Vagabond" the cell may have been an interesting plaything; to the bona fide vagabond it is an effectual restraint. Bacon himself could hardly resign himself to mental absorp- tion in such a place. It might be imagined that solitary confinement would be favourable to sleep and thought. The reverse is the case. True, the convicts at St. Helena are not much given to thought, or they would not be there; but they are incapable of sleep in the dark cell. From what I can learn, their time in solitude is spent in contemplating a series of horrible mental phantasmagoria. The principal occupations of the prisoners are field labour, including the rearing of the sugar cane, work in the sugar house, and quarrying stone for the new jetty. Some are retained for housework — cooking, keeping the wards clean, and the prisoner's clothes in order ; but the majority are told off to one of three first-mentioned occupations. The men in the sugar house looked decidedly the least healthy of all the involuntary dwellers on St. Helena. They may "get used to it," as Tristan told Quentin Durward he would, when the latter was about to be hung. To a stranger the atmosphere of the place is stifling. The manufacture, however, is a decided suc- cess. The sugar goes through all the stages except that of refining, and in quality it is at least as good as the average Queen-street sample. The sugar house is perhaps the most interesting establishment on the island. About twenty men are employed there. Another batch cultivate the cane and do other field work. A third lot are divided into a party who cut the stones at a quarry adjoining the jetty, and another party who construct the jetty with the stones so obtained. The men have their leisure hours which many of them employ very advantageously. One man has produced two admirable water colour drawings — one of St. Helena itself, and another of a landscape near Jondaryan. The execution in both cases is really excellent— particularly that of the Jondaryan view. The artist is in St. Helena for vagrancy ! He was utterly unable to make his talents appreciated. Mr. Barron, however, saw what the argus-eyed public did not, and the man will not leave prison without a chance of doing better. I have no wish to represent Queensland pri- soners as a set of lambs unjustly deprived of their liberty by an ungrateful colony ; but the contrast between the inmates of St. Helena and the convicts I have seen in English prisons is very striking. Whilst walking to the jetty we were met by half a dozen men whom I took to be respectable artizans who had just finished a job to which the convicts were not equal. They proved to be discharged prisoners. What- ever might be their dispositions or secret pro- clivities, not one of them bore that unmistake- able stamp of gaol-bird and scoundrel by which the average English convict could at any time be picked out from a crowd. And the same remark applies to most of the St. Helena prisoners. A fair comparison may be made with Dartmoor, the English prison where the Claimant is confined. At both gaols the labour is almost exclusively out-door ; and, as regards situation, the only difference between the two is that Dartmoor stands in the middle of a waste of land, whereas St. Helena is surrounded by a waste of waters. The posi- tion of both prisons is salubrious. Yet so great is the difference in the appearance of the inmates that if fifty men from each gaol were mixed together in similar dresses, I could undertake to pick out the Dartmoor contingent with scarcely a single mistake. The hang-dog countenance, the slouching gait, the lazy motion — just sufficient power being exerted to get one leg before the other — are universal in the English gaol, and are in the majority of cases wanting at St. Helena. Much of the distinction is to be ex- plained by the fact that most of the English are professionals — bred to gaol from childhood, and regarding it as a necessary though un- pleasant feature of their business pursuits. Once a criminal, always a criminal, is the case with the majority. All they desire is to make their enforced sojourn as little disagreeable as may be ; and they are perfectly well aware that they will soon be in again. The profes- sional class exists on a comparatively insignifi- cant scale in these new countries. Most of the men I saw on the island were in for some "mistake" which might be retrieved without great difficulty ; and here we have an explana- tion of much of the contrast. But a good deal of credit must be given to the superiority of the Queensland system. Not only is retrieval exceedingly difficult for an English convict, but it is quite certain that the gaol officials do very little to lighten the task. They seem to entertain the same opinion of the convicts that the latter entertain of themselves — once a thief, always a thief. Here the case is different. Every man at St. Helena is treated with a view to preventing him from making his appearance in that abode a second time. The open air work keeps him in health and strength, and he is encouraged to employ his leisure in improving himself and exercis- ing any ingenuity he may possess. Anything he may earn is put away to give him a start when he has "done" his term. The allow- ance of leisure to those who conduct themselves properly is liberal, and if a man does not make something out of it, he has only himself to blame. A well regulated prisoner finds gaol a tolerable residence. The infliction of punish- ment is rare, and coercion of any kind is avoided except when absolutely necessary. At Dartmoor every gang of eight or ten is accom- panied by a warder armed to the teeth with rifle and bayonet and pistols. Perhaps these displays are necessary in England. They are not adopted at St. Helena. The officials go quite unarmed, and the only weapons are carried by the sentinels in the corner stations (similar to those at the Brisbane gaol). These are, it is true, quite sufficient to suppress any possible outbreak ; yet it is none the less a wise provision to avoid any display of force. In former days, indeed, conspiracies were dis- covered amongst the prisoners, having for their object a sudden attack upon an official, and the seizure of his weapons. This danger, which was by no means an imaginary one, is entirely obviated now. Under the present arrange- ment a staff of sixteen, all told, manage 120 prisoners without the slightest difficulty. I left St. Helena well satisfied that though the way of transgressors must always be hard, it is not rendered unnecessarily so in this penal establishment. 