THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUJt RIUUK, AND OPA aaWUBCEfl. SANDHURST, FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1X7S. THE CHARING CROSS BRIDGE. The City Council acted most judiciously in adjourning the special meeting on Wednes day last, regarding the alterations in the Charing Cross culvert, as the subject has evidently not been sufficiently ma tured. The motion of Councillor Clark, if adopted, would be worse than use less, as its tendency would be to con tinue the same system of peddling works that are worthless for the permanent drainage of the city. Who can place confi dence in those competitive " plans respect ing the works at Charing" Cross, together with a report as to the suitability of the proposed plans to oarry away ilood waters 1" Mr. Clark included in his motion also a proposal for granting a sum of money for the plans approved by the Council. Now, that resolution, after a little re flection, must appear to the councillors themselves to carry a certain amount of obscurity with it. When a number of these professional plans, with their voluminous appendices, have been submitted to the Council, who is to decide as to their respective merits, or the suitability of either to the permanent drainage of the city > Let us admit that our city councillors are all gentlemen of much intelligence, and that the town clerk is second to no one holding a similar position in the colony, in varied knowledge and general attainments. But surely they, on re flection, would not undertake the im portant duty of discriminating between the j relative merits of professional engineers. The I terms necessarily used in whoso reports may be incomprehensible to the city councillors. I Indeed, most of these gentlemen would be j very reluctant to saddle themselves with functions for which, without a slight to their general information, it must be admitted they possess no professional aptitude. | Councillor Woodward's amendment was obviously out of place until the surveyor's report, then before the Council, had been dealt with. As that amendment had refer ence io the report, Mr. Steane then re commended that it should not be acted on. In that supplementary report Mr. Steane, in consequence of the feeling of the citizens respecting the proposed alterations in the Charing Cross culvert, suggested to the Council the adoption of Councillor Aspinall's recommendation to procure tile highest professional advice attainable oil the subject, in place of Ills own sepQit. That duty should not be contined solely to the Charing Cross culvert works, but should have u byyy^lcr rango, com prehending the whole water-area of Jtlje dis trict, and the permanent drainage of the city, '• There is no use whatsoever in rushing hunifcdly, after every fresh flood, into new works, which, after having been constructed at great cost but without proper engineering advice, may aftorwaz-ds prove as worthless as those that have been already formed. It is better to delay the works until these can be undertaken on a comprehensive plan from the hand of the best hydranlic engineer in the colony. That also appeared to be the opinion of the gentlemen who waited on the Council on the subject, some of whom are the heaviest sufferers fey tl,\c late inunda tions. ! We must congratulate the city surveyor > hi iiupporting Councillor Aspinall's propo sition, uiii} we can assure him his candid action does ugl (ji'Jiiuisli one iota the opinion the ratepayers liptertam of his efficiency as city engineer. Mr. Steane admitted that economy was a feature thai guided him in his report on the alterations, : but, as modesty usually accompanies real merit, i>e without " losing all faith in his own plans," as .Councillor Clark sarcasti cally remarked, desire^ t$ subordinate in the interests of the citizens, niij own judg ment to that of a moro experienced engi neer. These drainage works should bo under-1 taken ju no niggardly or parsimonious ! spirit by the City Council, as the subject is one of vital importance to tho citizens. The loss sustained during the recent de structive floods could not be covered, at tho lowest estimate, by £10,000. If the pro tection of the city from tho recurrence of similar visitations be the duty of the repre sentatives of the ratepayers, that should be undertaken as hooij. as may be, even if it involved the necessity /,f obtaining money by a new loan. But the first tfeing that should be done is to secure the services of the bast hydraulic engineer to be found in Australia, for (he purpose. The present appears to be a very opportune occasion for engaging a gentleman of these purifications. We alluded a few days ago to the advan tage it would be to Sandhurst to obtain the advice of Mr. Gordon, the late engi neer of waterworks in this colony, for the undertaking. Mr. Gordon has had great experience iu constructing similar works in India, an arid country like Aus tralia subject to long droughts followed by hcavy rainfalls and devastating floods. This eminent engineer was specially selected by the Indian Government to superintend the waterworks of this colony, but as our patriotically frugal Government have thought it necessary to dispense with his services, we trust the City Council will make the best of a bad job by at or.ee entering into nego tiations with Mr. Gordon for th.o permanent; security of the city from these disastrous floods. The Eastern Question.—Telegrams from Lomlou and Berlin, of the 24th instant, will lie found elsewhere. The situation, so far, remains unaltered. Taf rc.N'r b-> i.ot Mr. £rp.'.,"~n ,r. -The funeral of our late townsni.iu.Mr. P>umsidi\ is to take place this afternoon, lraving his late residence, liayne street, at three o'clock. Thf. Hon. J. J. Casey.—A letter has been received from this gentleman by a resident here, and amongst other particulars it states that the hon. gentleman paid a visit to his native country, Ireland, where he was received with great hospitality, and treated with the highest distinction und honor: in fact ho was looked upon as a positive hero, and feted to his heart's con tent. SUDDEN DEATH. — Senior-Constable Coyne, of Tarnagulla, reported to the coroner yesterday morning that a man only known as the "old Frenchman" had been found dead in his hut at Wanyarra on Thursday morning (25th). He was supposed to have been dead for some days. The body has been removed to Jones's Creek, Dunolly road, to which place Mr. Strickland proceeded yesterday morning by Cobb's coach, for the purpose of holding an inquest. City Police Court.—Messrs. Samuel and Hayes, Js.P., adjudicate.I at this court yester day. Ilichard Williams, charged on remand with having stolen an anvil valued at £5, was discharged at tho request of Detective Potter, as he had been unable to find an owner for the auvil. In the following cases orders were made for the amounts claimed, with the costs stated: Morris Cook v. C. J. Segar, use and hire, £3 Us. 6d., with iis. costs; City Council v. M. Doyle rates, £1 Is., no costs. Sunday .School Picnic.—The children of St. Mark's and St. Barnabas Sunday schools. Golden-square, held their annual picnic at the Botanical Gardens, White Hiils, on the 24th instaut, and passed a most enjoyable day. The scholars to some extent collected funds for their treat themselves, but the Misses Craven and Russell; Messrs. Kllsden and Pearsall, teachers; and Mr. F. Tayler, their superintendent, con tributed in the matter of provisions. Accident to a Child.—A painful accident happened on Wednesday to a little boy, three years of age, a son of Mr. Wellborn. It ap pears that the child was playing near a gale, when it slammed to and caught the child's middle linger of the left hand, which it jammed, cutting a piece oil' the top. Airs. Weill). ;-n picked up the piece, aiul took it and the ehil.l down to Dr. dames Boyd's surgery, where it ■was found necessary to amputate the linger at the first joint, in consequence of the phalanx being smashed. The operation was successfully performed, and the little suti'erer is doinjj very well. The Easter. Fair.—The bazaar was opened again last evening, and was fairly patronised. As usual, the ladies connected with the bazaar were most indefatigable in their exertions. During the evening the proceedings were en livened by music, which proved an agreeable addition to the attractions of the bazaar. .Miss Maude \\\ alton sang several songs in a very pleasing manner, and was loudly applauded. Wc have received a communication stating that | the very choice bouquet presented to Lady Bowen at the opening of the bazaar was ! arranged by* Miss Emily Chalmer, of Spring Gully, and that the lloral gift w'as presented by : Miss ivellie Millin. Mr. John Hechle.—The many friends of this gentleman will be glad to hear that he has arrived safe on the Continent. A letter has been received from him stating that he had a pleasant voyage, and was in the best of health. Thk Address to the Governor.—The ad dress to the Governor, which was presented at the opening of the Easter pair was illuminated by Mr. F. C. Motter.uu in his usual masterly style, but on tiiis occasion it was the most handsomely executed pieces of work of the sort that lias ever been done in Sandhurst, and reflects credit not only on the artist, but on the city in which he resides. Lost Child.—Yesterday, between the hours i of 10 and 11 a.m., a little boy, four years of age, tiie son of Mrs. Murphy, of the Bull and Mouth Hotel, High-street, strayed away and : has not since been heard of. The distracted mother and her friends searched for the j child all day, and as nothing was heard of him up till 11 p.m. the matter was reported to I the police. The child has strayed from home i before, but ha3 never previously ^one any dis tance and has been easily recovered, but this time all trace of him has been lost, and should any person have come across him it will be a charitable and praiseworthy deed to let the mother know of it immediately, as at present she is inconsolable, Tho little truant was dressed in a white holland jumper and knicker bockers, with straw hat, and had his hair cut close. THE INAUGURATION OF THE EASTER FAIR. — In our obituary notice of the decease of Mr. James Burnside in yesterday's issue we stated that we were not sure whether he or Mr. George Aspinall was the originator of the annual Easter Fair. We have been requested by the latter gentleman to state that he was the first and only one to conceive the idea. "Hamlet."—The Hamlet Committee have made extensive arrangements for the second representation of ••Hamlet" this eveuiu", aud, with attention to the few defects pointed out in the lit'.-it performance, a most appreciable and successful interpretation of the tragedy may be looked for by those who intend to patronise the theatre this evening. Atteution will be given to tlie better iilling in of the court and grave yard stones, and thci'e will also be a lime light brought into iise by Mi\ Paul in the ghost scenes. Mr. Daly will recite a second prologue, which he has composed for tljo .occasion, and altogether it may be anticipated tbiii tljo performance will be one not alone Worth some trouble to see, but also to be remem bered,. on account of its excellence. There "'as a great demand for tickets yesterday, aud a large lumber of seats have already been reserved at the bo.x.:o|l|ce ouetied at Mr. Evans's, PaU Mall. It would be no ino;o tiisn the high merits of the performance deserve that Lj;j>jfe lie a second crowded house. In a previous notice Mr. \\\ eller s name was accidentally omitted iroin the report, aud this is to be re gretted, as he is deserving of a more than ordi nary word of praise for the invaluable assistauoe he rendered the performers by acting as sta"e manager, and in gratuitously giving to them his services aud extensive knowledge of stage busi nes.-. Australian Mutual Provident Society.— We have received the twenty-ninth annual re , port of the above society, from which we iiud that tlia progress of the society during the past year lias beeJi Mfjs/aetory in every respect, and that the amount of ljaw'business transacted lias been greater than in any former yea£' The U.S. Minstrels.—Tho above cenjpaay, consisting of thirteen star artistes, are to opeu this evening for a season of four nights, at St. James's Hall. They are said to be very strong in all the departments which go to make up a good company of minstrels, and their perform ances have been favorably spoken of by the metropolitan and country press. Blsdigo Faster Fair.—All the shows, with the exception of the bazaar, ware closed yester day, and the receipts from that source amounted t) £S4 5s. TheWeatiier continues line. Tliebarometerat six p.m. yesterday was lower than it hai been for Syine time, but, from the appearance of the hon/:o;],t'iefiueweatherof the last fewdays seems likely to last, Tile thermometer registered in the shade at Messrs. Joscpli';kj)' _follows:—i) a.m., 55"; noon, Go3; i> [On., 09°; 0 p.m., G3°: maximum, 72°; minimum, "".4&*. Barometer-9 a.m.. 29'ISO; G p.m., 29.0S0, Mkf.tincs This Day.—Ulster, 4.30; South J/lster, 4.-J5, J. H. M'CoII; Oriental Flora, 5, G, Craig; Johnston's Reef Consols, 5.30, W. W. Barker. Mr. XaylKit's Art Uniov". — ft ia announced by advertisement that the drawing for s-fyoye will take place at the Niagara Hotel at S p,tn, ' on Saturday, 4th May. The remaining tickets are for sale at Mr. Jackson's, View Point, aud half the price of them is to be handed over to the hospital aud asylum. St, jWsijyteiuan Church.—On and after Sunday neit!, •iythinst., Divine worship in connection with the afcb&'Vljwyh will be con ducted on the ground floor,' »t jl$ Jvjasonic Hall, at 11 a.m. and 7 p.m. ; Local Land Board.—A local land board will be held at the Warden'." Courthouse, Sandhurst, on Friday, 3rd May, at 10.30 a.m. or Grace."—We have received from Messrs. J. and W. Corrie Johnston, of Qunen-street, Melbourne, a copy of " Words of Grace " hymns with music. " J fc.ey are beauti fully printed on toned paper, neatfy b'ou#4i ;".'d in addition the book contains well executed por-i , traits of Messrs. Ira D. Saukey and tho late P. P.. Bliss. SanlCurst Youno Men's Christian- Asso ciation. —-The £rjt of a course of six lectures to be delivered in the St. John's Freo Presbyterian Church, Forest- street, wilt take »Jfee ou Mon day erening, when the Kev. J. J. Italley wjll , lecture on ''A Visit to Paris and a Scamper ! Through Normandy." j lastjc.—The Misses Reeve, of Barnard street, will resume school duties on Monday, the 29th inst. Baptist Church.—The i\ev, >,V. P.. Hi'ddle stone, the siugiug evangelist, will ccucjuet divine service in the above church, Hargreaves-' street, this evening at 7.30 o'clock. Bendioo Benevolent Asylum.—The hon. treasurer (Mr. M. Tolnjie, National Bank) with thanks acknowledges receipt of the following sunis in aid of the funds, viz.:—His Exoellanoy Sir G. F. Bo-wen, £5; Warauga Shire Council,: £10; Mr. W. Benson, 10s.. Volunteer Meeting.—By advertisement it is notified that a general meeting of the Bendigp) Volunteer Billc Corps will take place next Mon day evening, at eight o'clock, for tho election of four corporals. Torchlight Procession.—To-morrow even ing a grand torchlight procession, by all the fire brjgsdc-<;f the eitj" aud district, is to take place, starting frbnf Market-square at 7 p.m. ' 