LEGAL. j..A,CuBiotrs:PozKz.-A.point of considerable importance to the public with reference to bicycle accidents is involved, in a case which has lately been before the magistrates at High gate.; A man was summoned under tbe. High ways Act, 5th and 6th William IV., c. 50, sec. 78, for riding a bicycle, to the common danger of passengers, 911 Muswe)l~hill, Horneey. According to the evidence of a policeman, the defendant was riding a bicycle at tho rato of about fourteen miles an hourdownthehill. - Two men wero walking in tho roud soino distance in front, and juat behind cLym, but in front of the bicycle, was a woman with a child. One of the men " turned round sharp " to pull tho woman out of tho way, whoa, the defendant came along with tho bicycle, tho front wheel of which struck the man, knocked him down, and went over him., The defendant was thrown off, and his knes and face were cut. More seriouB, however, were the injuries of the man who had been run over, for he was found to bo insensible. A doctor had to be sent for, and he was stiU too ill to attend tho court. Un behalf of tbo defendant it was urged by his counsel that the Act under which the .summonB was taken out laid down that no; person should ride or drive any sort, of carriage : in the roads , so as . to endanger the. limbs or lives - of passengers. Bicycles wero only invented in I860, and there fore under tho. Act tho magistrates could not convict, simply because when. the A ct was passed bicycles were not,ia 'ciintonce,' and the Legislature could not have contemplated' these machines. A ,bicycle, it wus urged, could , hot bo called a .carriage. ^^Thtm/V asked^one; of the. magistrates,11 if a person; invents a new kindr.of carriage, . lio can-sot - tho_ Act at defiance " Yes," replied^, the ^defendant's counsel, ."unless it. to drawa-'by a horse or horses.. - If drawn by a tioiso, it would clearly como .under the Act, but not unless." Th magistrates truly observing that it was a moa important the/ had had time to consider tho point raised :If it turns out that tho public aro really at the imercy of the bicycle riders, tin amending Act ought to passed* before thi. present session closes: "7r ; SOMNAMBULIST MURDERERS.-According to the daily papers, a prisonor was recently con victed at Edinburgh of having, while in a state of somnambulism, murdered his child, and has since been set at liberty. Cases of this kind are very rare, but, assuming ths somnambulism to be clearly proved, there can be little question of the correctness of the course thus adopted. Dornbluth the German psychologist, tells of:a young woman who, an consequence of a fright occasioned by an attack of robbers, was seized with epilepsy, and became subject to somnam bulism. While in that condition she was In the habit of stealing articles, and was charged with theft, but on the advice of Dornbluth was re leased and eventually cured. Steltzer (cited in AVharton and Stillej gives an account of & som nambulist who clambered out of a garret win dow, descended into tho next house, and killed a young girl who was asleep there. And the same learned writers quote from Savarin an account of a somnambulist monk (related to Savarin by the prior of the convent where the incident happened):-" The somnambulist en tered the clmmber of the prior; his eyes were open but fixed; tho light of. two lamps made no impression upon hira; hia features were con tracted, and ho carricd in his hand a largeknife. Going straight to the bed, ho had first the ap pearance of examining if the prior was there. He then struck threo blows, which pierced the coverings and even the mat which served the purpose ef a mattress. In returning, his coun tonance waa unbent, and was marked by an air of satisfaction. The next day the prior asked the somnambulist what he had dreamt of the preceding night, and the latter answered that he had dreamt that his mother had been killed by tho prior, and that her ghost had appeared I to him demanding vengeance; that at this Bight 1 ho waa so transported by rage that he had im> mediately run to stab the assassin of his mother." Savarin adds that if the prior had been killed the monk could not possibly, under these circumstances, have been; punished. Solicitors' Journal. '? < 1 