JUVENILE MISSIONARY SERVICE. On Sunday afternoon, February 10, the Adelaide Town Hall was crowded to its utmost capacity by the children attending the various Sunday-schools in the city and suburbs and a large number of adults, on the occasion of the JKev. W. G. Lawes, from New Guinea, holding a* juvenile missionary service there in the interests of the New Guinea Mission of the London Society. The Bev. W. B. Fletcher, M.A., presided, and opened the proceedings, after which several selections from the " American Sacred Songster" were sung by the vast assemblage with admirable precision; Mr. J. W. Daniel acting as leader, and Sir. W. B. Chinner as organist. Mr. Lawes then gave a graphic description of tlie people of New Guinea and their leading characteristics. First of all he touched upon the geographical position of the island, which, he said, was at one point so near to the most northern part of Australia (viz., 85 miles) that the traveller by steamboat could have his breakfast in Australia the same day that he had his dinner in New Guinea. But the part of the island where he laboured as a missionary was much more distant, being on the south-east coast, some 280 miles from the northernmost point of Australia. On approaching it from the sea great high mountains were descried, one of which had an altitude of 13,000 feet. The natives of the valleys and low-lying country believed that "strange ghosts lived in those mountains, had rare feasts there, and enjoyed themselves very much." New Guinea men were not like blackfellows—although lie believed there were tribes of a very dark colour more to the west of the island—but they were of a nice warm brown complexion, with black hair and eyes, and were tatooed all over their bodies. The same kind of rocks that were in Australia were to be seen there and the same kind of marsupials. Of fruits and plants there grew in abundance bananas, yams, cocoanuts, sugar, and tobacco. The lastmentioned plant was extensively used by the natives; they all smoked it, even children indulged in the weed. Until very recently there did not exist in all New Guinea so much as one Church or anything which could remind one of the one true God in heaven. Although those natives he had seen were not guilty of cannibalism, nor knew what it was to drink anything intoxicating, their moral nature was so depraved that they regarded with pride the crime of murder. They were not ashamed to kill a woman or a sleeping victim, and so far from concealing the deed the murderer would publish it by making a fresh tattoo on his chest. But whilst they were often guilty of cruel deeds they were very fond of their children. Tin and iron were unknown metals to them, and ss substitutes they made their sharp implements of flint and shtlls. Upon one occasion he witnessed a post-nuptial ceremony peculiar to them, of a couple getting their heads shaved —(previous to marriage the men and women allow their hair to grow in Iwng bunches, but afttr marriage thfy always have it shaved off;— and upon examining the operators instrument he found it was only a stnuli piece of flint. Their housc-s were built in a peculiar fashion also. Many of them were built on the beach, where at floodtides the water completely surrounded them; and others were built on the tops of trees, where tl'.ey believed the Evil Spii it could not follow them, climbing not being one of his accomplishments. The material they used in building was wood, and some of their houses were so high as 12 feet from the ground. They did not lead an idle life. Every native workfd at something or other—generally gardening. The women worked side by side with the men, and carried all the heavy burdens, whilst the men plied xhe needle (of fishbone) when occasion required. The children were early trained to assist their parents, and could all of them tell lies and steal—vices which were not regarded as such and entailed no disgrace to the culprits. The rev. gentleman told an amusing incident apropos of this feature of character developed in the New Guinea adult. One missionary sent to another a present of 10 bananas, with a letter informing the recipient of the exact number he had forwarded by the bearer.' The latter seized the opportunity cl' gratifying his appetite on five whilst he was on his journey, and delivered the remaining number with an air of the most perfect innocence. The recipient on leading the letter discovered the fraud, and told the culprit he should have brought 10 bananas, but the latter said " No, only five," and when the missionary insisted that there ought to be ten and told him " the letter said so"' the startled surprise and bewilderment of the native at being found out in such a mysterious way were most ludicrous. He could not understand how a piece of paper daubed over with ink could tell what he had done. Those people, Mr. Lawes went on to say, knew nothing about religion. Theoldest man amongst iliem could not tell who made him. They knew nothing about God, and never prayed, but lived just like the kangaroos in the bush. It was a matter of the greatest difficulty for the missionary to make himself understood. The language varied at different places in the island, and to such an extent was this the case that in tho part where the rev. gentleman was he distinguished no fewer than " 25 different languages/' He had been told by natives of a tribe of men in the north who had tails, and of another tribe whose ears were so big that they used them as a sort of coverlet at night, and had to roll them up wlw-n they lose to go about their busiuess : and when lie expressed his disbelief in such abnormities his sable informants grew quite angry. The first iliing a missionary had to do when he visited those people was simply to let them come to look at him ; turn up the sleeve of his >liirt and show his arm—which always pleased them—take of his btot and let them see he had iocs like themselves, and then after a time they would grow confident and regard him as a brother man, whose only difference lay in the colour of his skin. When he (Mr. Lawes) had mastered their language so as to be able to preach to them about Jesus Clu-ist he fouud they did not at first care to listen. TJpou one occasion after addressing them for some time he had reason to think that one old man who sat in the front row and had been listening very attentively was impressed by his words, but the old man at once undeceived him by saying. " Have you got any tobacco in your pocket ? I've been listening all this time to your talk, and are you not going to give me some tobacco ?" This anecdote, as might be imagined, proved too much for the continued solemnity of the audience and occasioned "much amusement. In the course of his address Mr. Lawes illustrated his descriptions by showing articles of dwss and ornaments, earrings, a headdress of feathers, a war charm, a fishbone needle, a baby's cradle-wrapper, a musical instrument of reeds, and a young lady's ball dress about the size of a child's apron. He observed that ornaments were much in fashion, and a chief whose vanity in that respect was inordinate once gratified it to the fullest extent by wearing the handle of a breakfast cup. A small portion of the New Testament was now printed in the native language and circulated there, and it was hoped that ere long much good would be done. In conclusion the rev. gentleman made a stirring appeal to his youthful audience, and gave them as a text to finish with instead of by way of introducing his address, "Go your way* eat the fat, and drink the sweet; send portions to them for whom nothing is prepared." A collection was made at the close of the proceeding!!. by which a large amount was obtained on behalf of the mission. r ' 