V NAPOLEON 1H. AMD EUGENIE, [lAPPINCOTT'S MAGAZINE.] When the bloody business of the coup fVetat was definitely finished, the murder stains washed from the streets, the victimB interred and a few thousand of the best and boldest hearts of Franco had taken the sor rowf ul road of exile, tho new Emperor be thoucht him of how best to cild his freshly galned'throne. A court waa to be constructed, and that right speedily. After tho gloomy tragedy of the overthrow of tho republic France was to be treated to the grand spec tacular piece of the 'Second Empire.' And for that a corps de ballet and trained super numeraries were needed, Tho role of leading lady, too, was vacant. An Empress was to jbo sought for without delay. Negotiations Iwere opened w.ith several princely houses ? for tho hands of damsels of royal birth, but speedily came to naught. As yet tho now ' / tnado Emperor waa a imroenu amid his royal contemporaries. The negotiations for tho hand of the Swedish princess Vasa did in ' !-leod promiao at ono time to bo crowned /with success, but the Emperor Bent his . physician to tako a look at the lady, and to judge if her physique promised healthful and numerous offspring; and this fact, coming to the ears of her family, caused a sudden atop ' to bo put to the whole affair. Moantimo, at the reunions of Compiegno, the personality of a young and lovely foreign countess waa coming prominently into notice, owing to tho evident impression that her charms had made upon tho susceptible heart of Napoleon III. ,Tnia lady, Eugenie Montijo, Countess de Teba, waa no longer in the first bJoom of 'girlhood, having been born in 1826. But sho wao iu the full meridian of a beauty which, ' bad tho crown matrimonial of France, like the apple of Ato, been dedicated to the £aira3t, ' would have ensured her tho throne ' by sheer right divine. It is indeed said that, aa a young girl, her charms were in no wise remarkable ; on her first appearance iu society at the court of Madrid she created no sensation whatever. Sho was too palo and .quiet-looking to attract attention. But one day. tho court being at Araniuez. during a fete champelre, Mademoiselle de Montijo had the good or ill fortuno to fall into one of tho ornamental fiah-pcmds in tho garden. She was taken out; insensible, and her .wet and clinging garments rovealod a form of such statuesque {perfection that all Madrid went raving about her beauty.* She' plunged a oommonplace girl— ahe rose a Venus. And when ahe first attracted the notico of Napo leon she was indisputably one of tho loveliest ,women in Europe. Sho was tall, slender, oxquisitely proportioned, and her walk waa that of a goddess. Her features were deli 'oato and regular, her eyea long, almond shapod, and full of a tender and dreamy sweetness ; her small and faultless- shaped head was set upon a long, slender neck with tho Bwaying graco of a lily upon its stalk ; her ahouldera were sloping and beautifully moulded, notwithstanding her lack of em bonpoint, for iu thoBO days 8he was as slight as a reed. A profusion of fair hair — which she wore turned back from the face in tho graceful style known as a la Pompadour, but speedily to be rechristonod a I' Im- peralrice — and a hand and foot of truly royal beauty completed an ensemble of charms tbtft were woll calculated to drive poor masculine humanity out of its seven senses. Cold and calculating as waa Napoleon III., It drove him out of his, for In every respect such a marriage was an unwise and an {impolitic one. It lent to his new founded throne neither the lustre of 'an alliance with royalty nor the popularity [that might have been gained by the selection o of a Frenchwoman aa the partner of his for tones. The Spanish blood of the Countess ? de Teba made her obnoxious in the eyes of s many of her future subjects. Moreover, .the antecedents of the lady wore not altogether [without reproach. Not that any actual .stigma had ever clung to her character, but ? ' she had always been looked upon in Euro pean circles as that anomalous character iu ? 'such socioty, a fast girl. Stories, some true .''. and some false, were circulated respecting her follies and her escapades. Evidently, if Cffi3ar'a wife should bo abore suspicion, she was not the person who should have been selected to become the wife of Cieaar. Tho fact of the Emperor's interest* in the fair foreigner was revealed by an incident, alight in itself, and only important by the emotions which it called forth. At ono of the small intimate reunions at Compiegne, Made moiselle do Montijo happened, whilo danc lug, to entanglo her feet' in the long folds of her train, and she fell with somo violence to tho floor. Tho extremo anxiety and diatresa manifested by tho Emperor acted aa a reve lation to all present. A Btormy opposition to the projected alliance was at once orga nised among tho familiars of the Emperor — jthe men who have aided in his elevation, and to whom it was too recent for them to , ,atand in awe of him. MM. do Morny and do P, ersigny in particular were violent in their opposition. In fact, the latter went bo far aa to tell tho Emperor, at the close of ,a long and stormy interview on the subject, ' ^thafc it was hardly worth while to have made £ coup d 'elat to end it in snoh a manner. . JVT. do Morny argued and reasoned with his (Imperial brother, bat neither the violenoe of ]Persignyuor theargumentsofDe Morny made jany impression on tho cold and inflexible, iwill of Napoleon III., and a fow days later the countess made her appearance at ono of the court balls in a drees looped and wreathed with tho Imperial emblom -flower, the violet* Tho Emperor, advancing towards her, pro' sented her with a superb bouquet of the same significant blossoms, Tho meaning of that little scene was fully understood by the spectators. The marriage was irrevocably de ckled upon, and all that they had to do was to submit to the Imperial will and make ready to offer their homage to the new Empress. With the solitary exception of Prince Na poleon, the Imperial family submitted with a good grace to the matrimonial projects of their chief. The Princess Mathildo, in par- ticular, although 'the marriage would depose her from the place that sho then occupied as tho first lady of the Court, deolared her willingness to bear the train of the new Em press in public, if such a duty should be required of her, as id had been of the sisters of the First NapoleoH. There remained, however, an arrangement to be completed, which, though awkward and nainful. wan vet nnaitivelv necessary. No one better than Napoleon III. was aware of tho truth of tho old adage which declares that a man rauab be off with the old lovo before he is on with the now. In a hotel on the Kno du Cirque dwelt a lady who had been the partner of hia days, of exile and ill-fortune, who had impoverished herself in his service, and who had devoted herself to furthering his aims with a persistency worthy of a better cause. This lady, the well-known Mra. Howard, was not to be got rid of. A frank and open rupture was not in the efcylo or the ideas of her royal and sphinx-like lover. A protended secret mission to Englwut lured her from Paris. Sho learned the truth at Boulogne, and hastened back to her homo. There she found that her hotel had been visited by the police, and that a cabinet wherein sho kept the letters of Louis Na poleon had been broken open and rifled of its content?. Deeply woundod by the treatment she had received, she withdrew, not without dignity, from all attempt at contesting the pooition with her rival. 'I go,' she wrote, to Napoleon, ' a second Josephine, -bearing with me your star.' To do justice to tho Emperor, it must bo confes etl that he treated her in other respects with royal liberality. Tho title of Countess of Beaure gard and a fortune of a million of dollars were allotted to her. She withdrew to Eng land, where she afterwards married. In 1805 a great longing to behold Paris once more came upon her, Her youth and beauty gone, a worn, disappointed and unhappy woman (for her marriage had tnrned out most wretchedly), she returned to Paris only to die. Her eldest son succeeded to the titlo of Count Beauregard, and was made consul at Zanzibar. Since the downfall of the empire ho has lived a sort of Bohemian existence in Paris, whero his striking resetnblanoe to Louis Napoleon has won for him the nick name of 'tho ghost' (le.rwenant). The nuptial. ceremony took place en the 30th of January. The ceremony took place in the cathedral of Notre Dame, which was illumi nated for the occasion with 5000 wax-lights. The bride was visibly agitated. She Was Uo puiu ua ul.vjij, uiiu nor voice, in making the responses, was scarcely audible. No wonder if, in that hour a premonition of evil weighed upon her soul. Tho oivil register of the Imperial family — which, preserved by the devotion of some of tho adhorents of tho Bonapartes, had been brought forth to be used at the civil ceremony which had taken place the day before — might well have thrilled her with forebodingB. Tho last record inscribed on those pages had been the birth of the King of Kotne. How had it fared with thab scion of a mighty father? how might ifc fare with her own possible offspring ? It speedily becamo ovident that the marriage, unpopular as it had beon among the counsellors of the Emperor, was still more so among the people at largo. No cries of ' Long live tho Em peror !' save from tho throats of paid agents of the Government, rose to greet the beauti ful Eugenie when she appeared in public. People stared sullenly at her, as at a passing pageant, but were moved neithor by her charms nor her gentle and gracious courtesy to any outburst of enthusiasm. To the masses she was ' L'Espagnolle,' the heiress to the bitter hate inspired by the Austrian, Marie Antoinette. Epigrams on the mar riage, seasoned with tho cruel and ferocious wit for whioh the Parisians are so fa mous, circulated on all sides. Some bold hand affixed to the walls of tho Tuileries a series of doggerel versos wherein the Empress was first called by the nickname of 'Barlinguetto,' which was universally applied to her after the fall of the empire. The author of these lines was discovered and banished to Cayenne, but'hi3 voraes, set to a popular tune, were long sung in seorot in the taverns and workshops of the suisurba. To a certain extont popular opi nion respecting the young and lovely Eugenie was correct. She was, indeed, emphatically not the wifo that Louis Napoleon should have chosen. A woinitn of intelligence and force of character might have done much to aid in founding his throne on a more stable basis. The downfall of tho empire, though f-robably inevitable, might have been de ay ed for at least a generation. But his choice had fallen upon a lady who had but one qualification for the position in which he had placed her — namely, extreme personal beauty. Sho was, indeed, kind-hearted and amiable, and among the temptations of a court as dissolute as was that of Louis XV. she preserved her reputation unspotted. But she was narrow-minded and unintellec tual, a bigoted Catholic, and so blinded by national and religious prejudices that many of the most fatal mistakes of tho empire are direotly tracoablo to her influence. An al liance with a royal princess would have strengthened the throne of Louis Napoleon ; an alliance with a French lady would have drawn towards him tho hearts of the nation. Bub Eugenie was neither a princess nor a Frenchwoman, nor yet a woman of vigorous and commanding intel lect; and his union with her was un. doubtedly a serious political error. But for some time all went woll, She ruled gracefully over her allotted realm, which was that of fashion. The influence of a crowned Parisian beauty over the social doings of the world can hardly be overesti mated. Eugenie invented toilettes that were coplod by all the women in the oivilised world ; Bhe invonted orinoline, and added a new product to the manufactures of the aarth. No woman better understood the art of dress than she. Certain of her toilettes have retained their oelebrity to this day. ?tover did the arb of costly dress reach so high a pinnacle. Sho fringed- her ball dresses -with diamonds, and covered them with lace wdrth two thousand dollars a-yard. It would have been well had she never turned her attention to any less feminine or more dangerous pursuits. But in an evil hour for France, and for the nation, ahe undertook to dabble in politics. Left re gent daring the Anstro-Italiau campaign, she ecnuired a taato for reigning, which waa in creased by the flatteries of her husband's ministers and the counsels of her confessor. It was currently said at court that the Mexican expedition 'came ready made from her boudoir.' Sho hated the United States, as a true daughter of Spain could not fail to detest the coveters of Cuba and the friends of progress and of enlightenment. Consequently, she did not fail to further a project whose real aim was to deal the great republic, then struggling in the throes of civil war, a decisive stab in the back. She approved of the war with China, and con descended to enrich her private apartments with tho spoils of the Summer Palace. But her pet project, the one that she had most at heart, was the war with Prussia. The now historical phrase, 'This is my war,' waa uttered by her to General Turr soon after the outbreak of hostilities. And when, an exile and discrowned, she first sought the presence of Queen Vfctoria, she sobbed on*, with tears of vain remorse, 'It was all my fault. Louis did uot want to go to War ; Itwas I that forced him to it.' Poor lady ! bitterly indeed has she atoned for- that unwise exercise' of undue influence. The holy crnaado of which she dreamed against the enemies of her church and of her husband's throne ended in giving her son's inheritance to the winds Nor wa3 her domestic life a happy one. She loved her husband, and indeed Napoleon III. seems' to have possessed a rare power of attracting and securing the affections of those about him. Few that came within the influence of his kindly courtesy, his grnvo and gentle voice, but fell captive to tho spell thus subtly exeroised. E£e made many and warm per sonal friends, oven among those who wero hostile to his politics and his dynasty ; and by three women, at least, he was loved with a fervor and a constancy that no trial could shake. One of thoso was the Princess Ma thilde, his cousin and once his intended wife; another was Mre. Howard; the third was his wife. But, like many men who are muchloved, Louis Napoleon was incapable of anything like genuine and constant love for any woman. His passion for hia lovely empress wasaa brief as it had been violent. He vexed her soul and tortured her heart by countless conjugal infidelities. She resented this state of affairs with all the vehemence of an outraged wife anda jealousSpaniard. Itissaid thatsheonce ! soundly boxed the ears of tho distinguished functionary who filled in her husband's household the post that tho infamous Lebol held during the latter days of tho life of Louis XV. Twice she fled abruptly from the Court, i unable to bear the presence of insolent and triumphant rivals, and tho ingenuity of the fashionable chroniclers of the day was taxed to invent plausible pratoxta for her sudden journeys to the Scottish or the Italian lakes. No wonder that tho ooffc eyes grew sadder and the smiles more forced as the years passed on, and brought only weariness, dis enchantment, and the shadow of the coming end. Alphonse Daudet has said in LeNabab that there exiats in the life of every human being a golden moment, a luminous peak, whero all of glory or success that destiny ' reserves is granted, after which comes the decadence and the descent. This golden moment in the life of the ErapresB Eugenie was the occasion of the first Ifrenck Interna tional Exhibition in 1855. Sho was then in tho full pride of her womanhood and her loveliness. The greatest lady in Europe (Queen Victoria) had been her guest, hud embraced her as an oqunl, and had given her proofs of her real and sincere friendship. Enveloped in clouds of priceless lace, and blazing with diamonds of more than regal splendor, she had presided, la helle des Mies, over tho opening of the Exhibition in the Champs Elysees. And, above all, the event so anxiously desired by her hus band and by the supporters of his cause was' near at hnnd. She was Boon to be oomo the mother of the heir to the im perial throne. With every aspiration grati fied, every wish accomplished, sho did indeed seem in that year of grace the most enviable of human beings. The later splendors of the Exhibition of 1867 were more apparent than real, and the gorgeous assemblage of reigning sovereigns brought with it for Eugenie a subtle and pre meditated insult. Tho kinga and emperors who responded to the imperial invitation md came to visit the court of Napoleon III., with one exception, that of the king of the Belgians, left their wives at home. They acted as men do in private life when they receive invitations to a ball given by a family of doubtful standing with whom they are un willing to quarrel. Tho details of the scenes at the Tuilories after the downfall of the empire, and those of the flight of tho Empress, are well known. It is now generally conceded that after Sedan the fate of the imperial dynasty waB in the hauds of Eugenie. Had sho withdrawn to Tours or to Bourses, auininoned tho Assembly to meet there, and called around her the par tisansof the empire, she might have saved tho heritage of her son. But her essentially femi nine and frivolous nature was not fitted for deeds of high resolve or for heroic detormina. tions. A morbid dread of following in the footsteps of Marie Antoinette had pursued her in tho later years of her prosperity. She kntw that she was unpopular, and visions of the fate of the Austrian queen, or of the still more horrible ono of the Princess de Lam balle, must have risen before her as the shouts of the Parisian mob, exulting in tho downfall of her husband, met her ear. In that hour of disaster and of woo no Frenchman, for all tho boasted chivalry of the race, was at hand to aid or protect the fair lady who had so long queened it at tho Tuileries. The Austrian ambassador, the Italian minister, the Corsican Fietrio, planned and managed her escape from tho palaoe. Sho took refuge in the house of an American, her dentist, Dr. Thomas W. Evans. He it was who got her out of Paris, and accompanied her to the seacoasfc, placing his own carriage at her disposal. She crossed tho Channel in the yacht of an English gon tleman. Thus guarded by al'ans, she paused from the land of her qv.eeuship to that of exile,' 