Christmas Frolics. By CHRISTMAS BARDISBAN. Written for the Christmas Number of the Sydney Ma.il. The very name of Christmas exercises a wondrou* spell ; it sheds over all a genial light, opens th? heart to gentle influences, disposes to kindly deeds and words and looks. It awakens even in the proud and haughty some sense of a common brotherhood, for who would refuse the courtesy of wishing a ' merry Christmas' to 'butcher, baker, tinker, or tailor?' Surely not any who claimed kindred with the dear old mother-land, which first taught us how riehtlr to do honour to Ancient Christmas; even to the decking of him out in fantastic guise after the idea of Ben Jonson's masque of Christmas, with quaint ruffle, short cloak, hat like a church steeple, decked with holly and mistloe; huge staff surmounted with Christmas decorations ; knee breeches and low shoes completing the burlesque imitation of the jolly old Father, whose nose told its own tale of good cheer and many a dip into the Wassail Bowl, with its rare blending either of rich wines, highly spiced and sweetened, and with roasted apples bobbing about the surface ; or composed of ale, with nutmeg, sugar, toast, ginger, and roasted crabs, as it is still prepared by many old substantial fanners; and as it is celebrated under the name of Lamb's Wool by Herrick in his Twelfth Night. ?' Next crowne the bowle full With gentle Lambs' Wool, Add sugar, nntmeg, and ginger. With store of ale too ; And thus ye must doe To make the Wassail a swinger.' So long as good cheer prevail, Old Christinas feels himself honoured alike at the board of the poor, spread with beef and bread and ale, or at the more gorgeous and appetising display of the rich man ; who, if an old Oxford fellow, wiU, in honour of his college days, when a Boar's head was served with much ceremony and song, have a huge pig's head, crowned with rosemary and with a lemon in its mouth, placed in an important position on the dining-table ; which loaded with ordinary Christmas fare, and many whim sical dishes besides, including a peacock-pie magnifi cently adorned with feathers; because mine host endeavours to preserve the good old customs so quaintly and exquisitively described by Washington Irving. The memories of Christmas hospitality, of holiday games and village antics, are ever associated with England, because there they had their origin, and for centuries were indulged in even to excess. Take for example the ' Festival of Fools,' when churches were profaned, and the most sacred rites and offices turned into ridicule ; when even a ' pope ' of fools was elected, who with his ecclesiastical suite pro faned the consecrated buildings by indulging in the wildest buffonery and most blasphemous conduct. Here, in this warmer clime, we celebrate Christmas, and retain some of the ancient usuages which we brought with us from across the waters ; but many are impracticable amid fresh surroundings, and others are fast dying out even in the old country. Now arid then we meet one of the ancient school, who laments the decay of much that has endeared England to her children ; and who maintains that as the genial, social, influences of Christmas fade into oblivion, so will the bond between brethren be lojs cned, which these festive seasons have ever served to draw together in closer and fonder union. Doubtless the bringing face to face of different members of the family is one of the pleasantest features of Christmas. There is a happy mingling ot old and young, of hoary locks with the fair, tangled curls of Miss Five vears-old ; of the memories of a changeful past, which is spoken of quaveringly, perhaps with a tremulous ness about the mouth, with the full, deep tones of busv middle-life, and the exultant, fearless, voice of youth. There is a healthy, happy-making impulse to get out of oneself, and to be interested in others : and a complacent feeling at the discovery that others j manifest an unusual amount of regard for us. There j is a heartiness -which carries all before it, and looks at ! the bright side of everybody and every tiling. j A merry Christmas to you ! 'What a world of jovi alitv is there in those words ! 'What pictures do they conjure up of rare doings and feastings in days when ? digestive organs were in splendid condition, and ?when no grinning spectres dogged one's footsteps ; but all was joyous and ruddy:— when to diffuse artificial j light and summer sunslune it needed not that there j should be electric light, for the glow and kindly wel come of Christ mas faces was all that was needed. Thus docs the very name of Christmas ' throw open \ the folding-doors of memory ;' which like 'mirrors' ; reflect romcoi the most hn33owedpnd hen.rt-fdt.Tcnc-: in human life : and thus mused, one Christmas morn ing, an old Sydney resident, whose beautiful white head reminded one of the snows of winter. He sat in the shady corner of the verandah of a pretty cottage, dwelling on the past, and thinking that Christniases were not what they used to he in days of yore : there was not the same jollity and good- fellowship, the same simple, home-bred feeling, neither was there the sound of the 'Waits on Christmas Eve. He remembered regretfully therough untutored voices of the singers, which yet had filled the night air with glad carols ; but forgot how- piercing was the cold endured meantime by the warblers, who often stood ankle deep in snow, and were reduced to the necessity of putting their fingers into their mouths to warm them during the intervals of song. Indulging thus in reminiscences, he was startled by the sound of glad young voices ; the old man's countenance changed to beaming satisfaction as he said, 'Fashion may obliterate good old customs, but family ties, genuine attachments still live, and find a double expression in this season of peace andgoodwill.' . By this time a troop of young people of all ages and sizes came swarming up, talking all together, running and scampering and gesticulating, except a very few who, though there was a sort of holiday elasticity in their step, yet carried themselves with the airs of conscious dawning man and womanhood. ' ' ' i-^!f^'.: 'How are you, grandpapa?' ' Merry Christmas, grandpapa.' ''Isn't it a jolly day, grandpa r' and ^ on, until grandpapa was nearly overwhelmed, and bade them not forget he- was an old man, nearly ' seventy-three, and couldn't stand pulling about like I cousin John there, who was the hero of the hour by | reason of his having just arrived by the Aconcagua, ! and through having gained the good-will of the ' youngsters by professing to initiate them into English Christmas ways. For instance, he had insisted that they must all descend to the kitchen, and assist in stoning the j raisins and stirring the puddinir. much to the distrac- j tion of cook, who declared that if ' Englishers' had so many fingers meddling with their Christmas dinners, [ she couldn't understand how they were ever dished- ! up 'respectable:' but, in spite of hubbub and j turmoil, cousin John was popular below stairs. He i had such queer tales to tell of the bruised skin and '? broken heads which often resulted from an exhibition ; seen in the North of England, and supposed to be a | trace of the sword-dance of the ancients, at the tune when the Romans had possession of Britain. Fool Plough or Yule Plough or 'White Plough as it is sometimes called, because the young men, who took part in the intricate dance, advancing and retreat ing, and striking their sticks or clubs together, appeared without coats, in their shirts, to which were attached an abundance of coloured ribbons and bows and flowers. One says that this appeared a very airy habit for a cold season, but they had warm coats underneath. CHRISTMAS IN CANADA— AMATEUR CAROL SINGING OX THE ST. LAWRENCE. Certainly, he had the best of it who acted as leadei, , and was entirely covered with skins, from which, dangled a fox's-tail that flauntered to and fro curi ously during the jinglings of the Christmas-box and ' the wild antics of this relic of the Festival of Fools. All this, and much more, did cousin John relate, with much acting and capering, and occasionally with an impromptu sly kiss of his pretty cousin Isabella, which he declared was sanctioned by the king of Unreason or Misrule, and formed part and parcel of the play. Isabella had her own opinion, and pro tested ; nevertheless, she privately thought that this English cousin was about the most delightful man she had ever met. Hence it will easily be seen that grandpapa's refer ence to cousin John was a wily one, for it diverted from himself an amount of juvenile demonstration which well-nigh overpowered him. Little Charlie was quickly mounted on John's shoulders, and the others made a scramble for his coat tails, and even clung to his legs ; then gasping, panting, and laugh ing, they once again turned to grandpapa, who was fondling' dandling Miss Five-years- old, a precise little maid who could not endure a spot or rent in her infantile garments, even kept her own pocket hand kerchief wrapped up lest it should get soiled, and made use of her brother James's when necessary. j ' Such a beautiful cap, we have brought for grand- j mamma,' she was saying. ; 'Ohy«s,' interrupted James ; 'and mamma said : you were to rest all morning, and be ready when the carriage came to bring you to dinner.' 'Then,' said Isabella, with an elder sister's patron ising air, ' we shall do well to leave grand papa in peace, that he may not be wearied for the evening ;' and stooping to kiss the withered old face, she wispered, ' Cousin John is intending to teach us some real old English frolics to-night, such as you and grandmamma often talk about 'We expect great fun.' ' Hurrah ! hurrah '.' cried Tom, as he swung him self down the verandah post to the imminent risk of splitting his jacket from top to bottom. At last the careless, merry party turned their backs on the peaceful cottage : the younger ones yelping and screaming and rushing about, the elders saunter ing in two and threes ; cousin John and Isabella following in the rear. | Their voices could be heard even when their forms j were no longer discernible to the dim eyes of grand- | papa : who fell. again to musing, and talking softly to himself, as old people are apt to do. 'Bless them all!' he said: 'life to them is a succession of gala days ; they dream not that aught else may be in store,' and he began to nod as he muttered 'Better so — better bo,' The venerable head dropt on his breast : ere long he was peacefully sleeping ; and, as in a mirror, a picture rose to view of a frozen English landscape and n careless lad, ! sliding on the roads ;:~ he returns from school, and ? narrowly escaping the clutches of a policeman, which j same policeman must have been different fom police men now-a-days,' for he always seemed to be on the spot when the lad. pitched his school books up at the street lamps and smashed all the glass ; or, when he played pranks on bells and knockers, and drove half the housemaids of the neighbourhood mad with rage. That same policeman's eye actually followed him to church, but had not half the horror for him as was suggested by the sight of the grim, spiteful, glance of the beadle, whose vindictive looks seemed to chal lenge him to mischief, even while he trembled at the prospect of being clutched and cast into the vaults beneath the church. For a little while he paid out ward respect to the service, that is to say, he seemed to be diligently reading the prayers, though in reality he he had inserted between the pages of the prayer-book a tale of hobgoblins and ghosts. Happening, how ever, to have his attention attracted to the knee breeches and fat legs of one of his father's farm labourers, he was irresistably tempted to prick with pins the calves of his legs, until the good-natured old fellow could no longer restrain the start and ' Oh, I oh ! ' which doomed his favourite to be again cast j into the crypt, where he was shivering and shaking until the view graduily dissolved and another ap peared. This time the picture represents a big lad who. having feigned headache that he need not attend ] church, is deep in the mysteries of toffee-making on ' the sly ; he knows if he can but get it made, the frost outside will soon render it cool enough to be hidden under his pillow. Then — how delightful the thought — that should he wake in the still hours of the night, he can indulge in the elegant pastime of toffy sucking ! The view gently moves, panorama-like, and he is seen hunting the pig. The creature's tail is cut short and well-soaped ; then he his turned amongst the villagers, and whoever catches him, keeps him as the reward of dexterity. Again the scene grows dim, and gradually there dawns a reckless student : he has been breaking the college-laws, and is now on the 'sweating-carpet,' to answer for such conduct as getting through his bed room window at an unconscionable hour of the morning. The fact is that cupid's dart has pierced him : for months he watched with admiring eyes a young girl in olive-green silk pelisse, open in the front over a white embroidered dress, white beaver bonnet lined with rose- coloured satin, and rose coloured strings tied under the chin, (how vivid was the picture !) She had a girlish, prancing way of balancing herself on the curb-stone ; and once, after long watching, he saw her slip off the frozen, glassy causeway into the gutter : her ankle was sjjrauied, and he had the luxury of helping, half-carrying, her home ; where, having once gained admittance, he took care to es-tabliiih himself in the good graces of all ; and many a merry Christmas evening did he there spend in simple pastimes, such as 'mottoes' and ' cross-purposes.' The scene slightly changes, and the unstudious student is in his den, standing over the fire, perspir ing profusely, and stirring vigorously a blanc-mange, for which he has a weakness, and has persuaded the fair Frances to give him instructions, so that he can regale himself at will: unfortunately, he seems to imagine that he must stir it over the fire until it assumes the orthodox shape in which he has always seen it on the table. It never occurs to him that it must be poured into a mould to cool ; so he stirs away until it is hopelessly burnt, the borrowed pan utterly ruined, and himself the colour of a boiled lobster. There is a sound of footsteps at this junc ture, and thinking it was a college-chum, he cries hoarsely, 'By Jove, old fellow ! I'd no idea cooking was such confounded hard work.' This elicits a merry, astonished laugh, and grand papa suddenly wakens with a start, and rubs his eyes as if expecting to see a rolicking young student, or, may-be the olive-green pelisse and white beaver coal scuttle bonnet ; instead of which there stands a stately old lady with white curls, soft white tulle cap, and rich black satin dress, the annual Christmas gift of the son, whose carriage is even now rolling up to con vey them to the family gathering. 'Why, grandpapa,' she said, ' you will he Ia?e3 'What tvere you dreaming about?' ' Bless me, Frances ! I was going over the old days when I wore a blue coat and gilt buttons, and you a poke bonnet.' So much good had the dream doue him that he dressed almost with the alacrity of youth, and was soon receiving the good 'wi*he» and hearty welcome of children and grandchil dren, who trooped out into the garden to do honour to the worthy couple, and vied with one another in offers of' assistance. One would take grandma's capbasket ; another brought her flowers ; a third suggested that she should present grandpapa ?with a 'button-hole,' and herself fasten it in his coat, which she did with such aptitude and grace that grandpapa looked down on her fondly, and said, ' It is not the first time, fair lady, that 'you. have thus adorned your husband ;' at which* the children chipped their hands, and the elders laughed merrily, for grandpapa's admiration of his dear old wife was patent to all. \- Hear him turn to aunt Mary, the old maid of the family, who was claimed as common property by all, and say, ' Your mother, my dear, looks charming in her new cap— does she not :' And again to Isabella his eldest grandchild, ' You see, Isabella, vour grand mama is a woman of common sense, of 'remarkable common sense ;' to all of which sayings, though thev ?were stock phrases, a respectable attention and' hearty acquiescence were given ; for these young people had had the privilege of dwelling under the shadow of beautiful, honoured old age, and had learnt to pay homage to the hoary head, even in this, a new country. Meanwhile cousin John had to be called *b order, for the children would have to appear at dinner in dis hevelled toilets if he allowed them to try who could best get into sacks, and run across the lawn thus shackled. Already James had got himself tied up in one, and was making most frantic efforts to reach a certain Noftolk pine. Further mischief, too, was apprehended when shouts of laughter proceeded from the summer-house, where some 'young rogue had been endeavouring to persuade the little girls to run races, for which the prize should be a 'smock.' Aunt Mary was only just in time to prevent so glaring a breach of good manners ; and threatened most dreadful things if cousin John did not behave himself with more propriety ; but he only laughed, and putting his arms round her, waltzed heir unceremoniously round the Norfolk pines, saying, — ' Let's dance and ring, and ninkc pood cheer, For Christmas comes but once a yenr.' The children expected aunt Mary would be terribly angry, but she only panted for breath, and shook her head at the irrepressible John, who did and said things with impunity for which another would have found it hard to be forgiven. Al. this moment Tom appeared at one of the pillars of the verandah in a cook's paper cap, and rolling pin in hand ; thumping pretty vigorously an old tin tray, as a signal that dinner was ready to be served ; but cousin John alone knew what he' meant (for he, young rascal, may well be suspected of having read up on the subject of old Christmas usages), until the welcome sound of the dinner-bell rang out, bringing to the faces of all a certain look of expectancy, and causing a hush to fall on the assembled company. The gentlemen softly rubbed their hands, and the ladies fanned themselves with complacency, or gath ered their children about them, endeavouring to smooth their locks and crumpled sashes. At last, ajl were gathered round the capacious dining-table, even to little Charlie, in his high-chair, and bib, and long sleek curl at the top of his infant head. ' The portly host might well be pardoned the look of ^ pride with which he glanced at the happy assemblage. Never docs a man feel more satisfaction in the con templation of innumerable olive-branches than when he thus beholdsthem in festive guise ; and sees his wife rosy and comfortable at the opposite end of the table. Should be detect for a moment a far away look in her sweet eyes, and a mournful downward curve of the amiable mouth, he sweeps his hand across his brow* turns the tide of attention from her whose mother-heart yearn6 ' For the touch of e vanished band, And the sound of a voice that is EtiU : ' and the 'wave . of memory passes over her, and leaves her calm and smiling; reflecting again the jbyousness that beams on her from all around* She even joins in the laugh when grandmamma calls her middle-aged son, the host, ' a boy.' 'Grandma, you forget how old pa is,' Baid one sturdy urchin. ' Oh no, I don't, my boy,' said grandmamma, adjusting°her spectacles ; 'it is just forty-five years ago this Christmas since my first little baby was put into my arms, and that baby grew up to be your papa, Georgie.' Then all the merry voices burst into hearty laughter, for it seemed absurd that their papa could ever have been a ' baby.' Meanwhile, the dinner, though graced with neither pig's head nor peacock-pie, was yet a richand sumptuous repast ; and the youngsters revelled in mince-pies and Christmas-pudding, round ?which tiie blue flame of lighted brandy had been duly burnt, arid in the eating of which great care had to be exercised lest sundry six- - pences, a ring, and a thimble were swallowed. Such a catastrophe; would have marred the fun ; aunt Mary wouldn't have got the ring, and been teased about the widowed clergyman, who so highly appreciated her help in parish work; and Isabella wouldn't have found the thimble in her pudding, and drawn forth an in dignant protest from cousin John, which brought the burning blushes to cheek, and neck, and brow ; causing an a\vkward question from in quisitive James, a6 to what 'Isabella was so red for.' Thus in homely, simple talk and innocent laughter did the time slip away ; for, of a surety, ?' 'Tis mirth, not dishes, Bets a table off ; Brutes and fanatics cat, and never laugrli.' And when dinner was over, and all had adjourned to the drawing-room, it was observed that cousin John and the boys seemed to have an astonishing amount . of whispering to do. Aunt Mary grew suspicious, and privately retired to hide away her bonnet, which she very much objected to seeing wrong way up on the head of some boy who knows not the delicate handling which such feminine belong ings require. The precaution was, perhaps, a wise one, for charades were introduced, and one act was played entirely by boys ; who, under cousin John's tuition, rem'ea the old ' grinning match,' and seemed deter mined to make themselves as hideous-looking and diabolical as possible by grimacing and distorting their faces ; Tom having previously thrust his head through a horse-collar. One game quickly followed another; and when snapdragon had been the grand finale for the children, and they had gone to bed, and the elder cousins had flirted and danced under the mistletoe to their hearts' content, and the aunts and uncles had settled down into little cliques, cousin Tom gave the signal for a yawning match, which was so vigorously played that even grandmamma caught the infection and yawned too, until she declared it was time for old people — and young people too, for the matter of that — to be fast asleep in bed. This 6et all the aunts and uncles to thinking of col lecting together their several broods, -which was no ? asy task ; but at last, after much laughter and an | occasional pretty shriek from 'some one who was. I caught undg,. the mi,^,,^ ^ev severally departed. i And thus ended one of those Christmas 'gatherings 1 £. ?h.are more successful, perhaps, than any other kind of social entertainment; because of the inter mingling of old and young ; because of the quaint old games in which alTare expected to join ; and which i are an unspeakable boon to a people not remarkable tor great facility in the art of light and charming talk, or, in other words, given to the ' flow of soul.' ?? Our souls, says one, 'are more like sluggish canals than sparkling trout streams.' Then away with those who would banish from amongst us hearty Christmas games. ' Those who at Christmas do repine. And would fain hence dispatch him May thej- with old Duke Humphrey dine, Or cl.se may Hjuire Ketch catch 'em ' 