HOME NEWS FROM A FBENCR POINT OF VIEW. (FllOJI OCR own CORRESPONDENT.) Paris; 24th November, 1ST There is but one word to explain the positioli of the Marshal—he is " floundering," anil but one escape for him-—resignation. As for the ephemeral Ministers, no one accepts them ns serious; the astonishment is, that men could 1 b found to accept such'-v dead- born honor. As MacMahon cannot be converted, and will net retire after being beaten, ho ntust be besieged; It is thus that the Chamber of Deputies intend to act; they will accept no Cabinet that lias not tlie support of the majority, that is, in accord; ance with the national will. It is useless trying anv move promises, ctc., with the Republican —they are as firm as a rock in their determina tion to have the Republic and all its libortiiS henceforth a reality, and to protect it against a future 16th of May. The Chamber of Deputies since it has been gratuitously assailed by the Senate, replies to every move of the Executive) not by words, but by acts. The budget will certainly not be voted if MacMahon does not surrender. Emilo de Girardin proposes to buy the Marshal out, by offering him three years' salary as compensation. This expresses more than meets the eye, and must be read between the lines. The Marshal will be forced to yield by the pressure of events —they are only these that neither " submit nor resign." The nation is very decided to try the quarrel out between free and arbitrary govern ment, on the conditions existing; it is more determined than its representatives, and these display no fainting by the way. By approving of the Marshal's policy since the last six months, the Senate has committed suicide; the country now places all it3 hopes in the Chamber —in its representatives, men of vigorous action, of sap, of healthy political blood, and thoroughly cognisant of the wants, the aspirations, and tlic sufferings of their constituents. Far the suffering abroad is profound, general, and cannot be disguised. From the mannfno turing centres the wail of distress is sincere, deep, and uniform, and all the consequence <f the unhappy adventure into which bad adviseis launched MacMahon last May. Within the latt few hours I have had a long conversation with one of the first-wine merchants of France. He is not a Republican—as yet, but is so far on the road to Damascus that he has ceased to be a Monarchist—in the interest of his country. As a proof how business is with him, he does not now sell 5,000 francs' worth of wine per week, when formerly he received orders for that much per day. But there is positive misery among the artizan and laboring classes, and last, net least, among humble clerks, who have been dis charged, their employers being unable to pay them, or to afford them occupation. Every d;iy the crisis becomes 'more intense, but the explo sion or solution advances at the same ratio. Minds are preparing for a cessation of tho massacres in the East. Since Bismarck has declared so openly for Russia the feeling is the sooner these two political dictators carve out peace on their own terms the better. No power can prevent them. England is considered as helpless as Austria. As for France, her Eastern question is in France. Within the last few days the rumors respect ing the non-holding of the Exhibition have taken a certain intensity. It must be borne in mind these reports originate from the German and the French monarchal press; the tirst would not put put on sackcloth and ashes if the exhi bition was postponed for a season, and the second fears that the republicans may reap all the pr<5fit and glory of that event; indeed this feeling is not altogether stronger to the exciting crisis. If by misfortune this crisis can only bo terminated by civil war instead of the resigna tion of a president, or if the Eastern flan e would extend and lap all Europe, it requires i.o ghost from the grave to assure us the postpone ment is a necessity. There are no signs at tho works that such a result is in Jutiiro, and ex hibitors, of every political creed, aro not ceasing in their preparations. As for the oucrierthey seem to be enchanted at havi::g received a special annexe to exhibit their skill, and sell the product to visitors. As if everything seemed to go by contraries this season in France, Versailles, that tho general public might naturally conclude to bo very animated, was nevermore justified in being called the "city of the dead." As a rule, the monarchal legislators pitch their tents there, the republicans throw in their lot with Paris, once the political capital of France, and destined to be so again. The monarchal de puties not feeling certain that the Chamber will ratify their election, won in so many instances by govermental high-handed pressure, have made no permanent arrangements to bring up their wives and little ones to Versailles. They reside, therefore, in hotels as bachelors, with valises strapped, in case the chamber quashes their seat—very likely to be done, in consequence (or other reasons) of the Senate refusing to elect a Republican to fill a Repul'. lican vacancy. Then, while the seat 13 contested, there are two Richmonds in the field, which brings a crowd of office-seekers to Versailles. I observe that the new deputies prefer to walk from the railway station to the Chamber rather than take a tram-ticket. When a stance is finished the defile for the station represents a kind of lively funeral procession. With the view of reducing the cases of infan ticide, France is almost decided to return to the practice of foundling hospitals. Instead of the basket to receive the little stranger, and the bell to announce when a "deposit" has been made, it is proposed to adopt tho Italian system,where a monk with bandaged eyes sits behind the wicket, and takes in tho babes. It is reported that on one occasion a mother brought her baby, aged six years. The monk, divining his ago by his squalling, as well as by touch, objected vwt, the foundling was " too ad vanced." The mother offered vo take three chil dren, aged two years each, in exchange. The Jardin d'Acclamation seems to have en tered resolutely into the tame-wild beast busi ness. It sells many trained animals, ctc. I'or sons name even its tariff of prices. Thus: a beaver costs 100 francs; an ostrich, 1,000; a polar bear, 10,000 francs; a rhinoceros, 40,000; an elephant, ditto; an "Imperial" Bengal tiger, 60,000; an American whale, 90,000; a gorilla, 95,000; and an Esquimaux, 100,000 Francs. The Tribunal has dccided an important news paper point. French journals have the very bad habit of publishing reckless personal para ?raphs. If tho person injured protests, his etter is published; the writer of the obnoxious paragraph apologises, delivers up the name even of tho author of the scandal, or offers to give satisfaction by a duel. The Ecenement complied with all these conditions, but a M. de Bas-setiere persisted all tho same in his suit, and obtained 2,000 francs damages and costs against the paper. This compensation is never handed over to the poor-box in France; it is kept to cure wounded honor. " Conscience-money " is also rarely paid into the exchequer, and such a milliouaiie as the Due d'Aumale, when a Deputy, regularly accepted his salary as such with remarkable punctuality. A most atrocious case of scandal in "high life" too, has been disposed of. A Mme. Van Berleere, a Belgian, was divorced in 1S152 from her husband, a wealthy merchant, and moving in the highest circles at Brussels. They had an only child, a girl, named Valentine, then a baby. The latter was brought up in a convent, and a year ago the mother claimed her daugh ter, and came to Paris. This summer they were the observed of £.11 observers at tho aristocratic skating rink. Valentino "rinked" to perfection, and could not be surpassed in tossing off a sherry cobblcr or an iced grog. Very frequently she and her mother accompanied fast yonng gentlemen—the meux—to supper in a night restaurant. Brief, the mother and daughter lived by their prosti tution. Tho mother was known to bring her daughter to certain clients, and some had mother and daughter for lovers—unconsciously. The Court sentenced the wretched parent to three years' imprisonment and hard labor, for debauchery, and ordered Valentine to enter the Reformatory. The mother was so depraved as to accuse the child's own evil passions of being the cause of her fall. Not the least singular circumstance of the matter is the mother is very rich, aud the daughter, when she comcs of age, will hare a fortune of half a million of franc3. Continue the supper of horrors. Some young men called at a wine shop in the Rue Merilmon tant a few evenings ago. They placed the head of a corpse on a table, surrounded it with five lighted candles, and departed. At Quereu, in the Morbihan.some shipwrecked sailors, on land ing on a rock, deposited thereon a small barrel of brandy, along with the wooden shoes of the drowned cabin boy. On their return, the sailors found fourteen countrymen seated round the barrel, smoking, and drinking the brandy, with the shoes for goblets. Judge of the trash published by a leading Parisian monarchal journal. The London Times correspondent here has m3de an enemy of the Government, for not viewing it as the one thing needful not only for France, but for the world. It hints that at "best this gentleman is but a myth, that he does not send any letters to London, and that the Time.] manufactures in Printing-house Square all its Continental corres pondence. Judge of the education of thousands of Frenchmen who accept all this as gospel. The Government has decided to encourage the study of living languages. It has nomi nated a professor to give public lectures on the "Aunamito tongue.' In prospective of the exhibition, a society or lodging-house keepers has been formed who will leave their addresses and cards of " fixed terms" at the consulates of every accredited Minister to France. They further invite any individual delegated to examine their books, and ascer tain that they have not run up prices. Efforts are being made to induce restaurant keepers to adopt the same idea, but Barkis is not willin', so the Exhibition Commissioners intend binding up with tl;Q international catalogues tho ad 'dresses of all rcstauratours, Trho will, adopt an invariable tariff. This tariff will bo posted up teouspicuotisly in the restaurant, will display the seal of the Conlmissidners, arid its working will be ,wAtched.by special agents. . A triedical gentleman writes tliat " hare lips" ire on the increase in France, and calls upon mothers to bring their children to him to be operated upon in time. Among other marvels that 1873 will witness is not a baby show, or a chess tournament, or a billiard contest, but a " smoking match." The Due Decazes, or General Grant, ought to carry off the blue ribbon. There is a woman in the department of Herault now aged 130 years. She represents the head of a numerous family—110.. It is suggested that she be honored with a national funeral. France is ever rich enough to pay for her gloried. ■ , • Messrs. Dumas and Dola are at war respect ing society. The latter lays bare the social ulcers as they exist; tho former imagines them, but neither can describe a perfect cure. M-. Gumbetta has promised to accept the presidency of the " Liberal Press Club. One bf the Chief features Of this bihly will be, to give weekly dinners at famous restaurants in rotation, the dinner ticket being the only sub scription demanded. Every epitaph before being displayed in a French come.tery is submitted to the Censure; this omnipresent body lias declined—"Here lies M.X., who is visited every Tuesday by his brother." 