ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. j P. C, Home Enlo.— The gold-field i-oioKod to was discovered 3n Quosnulund. Wo do not know Edward Powell's eddresc. We know nothing iurfchor of fcho matfcor you allude to than what in given In tho Freeman o£ tho 6th inatant by our Queensland correspondent;. In the Assembly on Friday lasb week, Beor'a Disabilities Bill was read a second time and passed through Committee without amendment. | GKENFiiLti. — At. an influential meotirg hold on [| Woduescky, for the formation of a Prespeefcing i Association for tha Grenfell goM -fields, Q large \ number o£ uharcn wore taken, Prospeotoro will { be sent out withoui delay. j 1 [ An enquiry has been held by the Marine [ Board into the stranding of the Chimborazo, and the Board, after deliberation, agreed to the following report : — ' Whereas, the Marine Board have instituted an enquiry respecting the stranding of tho steamship Chimborazo, which took place on the 15th March, the said Board now report that the said stranding was caused by wrongful act or default — 1st. Of John Vine Hall, the master, in navigating the said ship so close to the shore. 2nd-. By the default of Alfred Day, the third mate, who was officer of the watch, ±or not taking proper precautions for the safety of the said ship when the fog came on. Given under the seal of the Board at Sydney, this 16th day oE April, 1878.' 'This Ghost.' — During fche pacfc week Mr. D'Arcy Read's ghost entertainment at the Guild Hall hr,o met with still larger support. The entertainment is now one of tho reignirjg fciVOuriteE of tho city. Visitorn to the Exhibi tion would do r;ell to pay the Guild Hall a visit when they come to Sydney. A matinee will be | given at 2.30 on Saturday. The Queen's Theatee. — Mm Scott«Siddona finioheo a moot saccesnful oeason at; thia place of amusement this (Thursday) night, when she appears in one of her beat chsracfceiu, ' As You Lilse Ifc.'; She will take the benefit of the per formance, and. no doubt a fnll houne will be preoent. Her aoent (Mr. M'Mahon) hao, by his eserbiona and eourteoy, contributed m no small degree to the anccean of ' Our Boys.' The Late Earl op Leitrih. — The Hobarfc Town Tribune wrifceo : — 'The assassination of fchio notorious member of the peerage, by some of the i7retohed victimoof the mo3fc cruel tyrant who everjjralcd supvenae over horden of beggared slaves, doea not Burprise ud. Indeed his violent death haa baen looked for for many years by those familiar with hia history. He murdered his brother, the second Eorl, who was aa much baloved as his cruel Qucceaaor was hated by fche gentry, and a,bhorred by his neighbours of all clasGGB. He wac the ^celebrated Earl who, to prevent the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland from being accomodated at any oi the hotels in a town 8 over wJsich ho lorded0 filled them all with tha riff-raff of the etrests, and obliged her Majeafcy'o representative to look for accom modation at a Jprivate gentleman'o house. The Lord Lioufcenanb at the time waa the amiable and learned Earl of Carlisle. He aobually revelled in the distress and sufferings of all around hiin3 and siaver travelled without an escori; of armed constabulary or aoldiers. In no othoi' country but Ireland could such an enemy of Ma kind have lived so long. He had a corrafcorpart in the lote Mcrquin of Westmeath. Wagga Wagga.— A telegram to the Herald Bays :— Oq Saturday evening, in the absence of the storekeeper at Pomingalarna station, three awagmen were given rations. The storekeeper had left a dilate sear 6ne flour bin with a mix« ture of flout and arcanic for mice. This plate waa used by Mr. P. G9 Wiloon, who served the rations, to dip flour. Tho three men were seized with vomifciag after eatmg damper made of the flour, and one man3 named Frederick Haatings, died thia morning. At the inquest thia afternoon a verdiof; was returned that deceased died from apopleKyc the result of otomachie irritation, induced by *b-a administra tion o£ an emetic given to relieve him from the Gffecfca of aupponed arsenical poisoning. News haa reached bora from Navandora, thia morning that a man named Jack Martin, charged with sticking up a hawker and stores on the Meerool, asked permission to make cer tain, confessions before the charge was heard. The Court was closed, and what transpired ia not known ; but something which has leaked out favours the opinion that what passed will lead to the solution of the mysteay of Layard's murder about three years back' Melbourne —The Government have no . intention to reappoint Coroners. All the officers of the Education Department are all reappointed, except Mr. Yenebles and Mr. Testar, and in addition several new school inspectors. In the Public Works and Railways no reappointments are made, but in the Land Office, Mr. Noone, the photographer, .? and several district surveyors are reinstated. Heavy rain falling on Wednesday-, and is general in the country, Mr. Franoio has decided to accede to an influential requisition of the eleotora of Wnrraambool to bo a candidate on the reaiga nnfciou of Sis? James M6Oulloch, which will be at oacQ forwarded to fche Speaker. 