IN THE~BARBER'S SHOP B, IH IGARO. : "I have gathered a posio of other men's flowers and nothing but the -thread that binds them is mine own."-MONTAIGNE. I'VE heard a;good deal of gossip during the past two or three weeks concern ing a "ghost," which was alleged to be haunting the neighbourhood of Toorak. I kept quiet about the matter, for the reason that I think publicity in such cases apt to do harm rather than good. The weak minded creatures who in this fashion ter tify 'children and women do so, I firmly believe, out of love for notoriety. Their end is served in setting the public tongue wagging, and secretly laughing hin their sleeves at the consternation caused by their silly pranks. But inasmuch as serious results may follow on such inane practical joking, I approve of steps being quietly taken to put a stop to them. And this, I rejoice to learn, has been the case with the Toorak ghost. It was' waited for, and cap tured, yesternight week, and subjected to a sound thrashing. I regret that the captors let the young scamp, off so easily. Had I been one of'them. he should have been handed over to the police, and his name published to the world. That this would have been greater punishment than the drubbing he got is evident from the fact that it was administered only because of his entreaties to be set at liberty. Mis taken leniency this, I think..: As, however, the, offender is alleged to be employed in a state school near Melbourne, I hope the Education department will see fit to inquire into the matter, and, if the offence is clearly sheeted home, dismiss him from its employment. I daresay the fact of this ghost having been :captured and thrashed will have the effect ofestopping, for a time, such danger ous practical joking. 'But not for all time. For as this is not the first ghost that has disported.in that neighborhood, neither do I think it will be the last. Some other stupid will be sure, ere long, to. turn up and imitate the ghosts that have been laid. When this 'does happen, letit be made publicthat afewgood shots mean to wait for his ghos'ship, and to test with their revol vers his immateriality. You may object that to do so would be running the risk of taking human life. On that head I think you may hold an easy:conscience: The'w knowledge of the risk to be run would act as an effective exorcism. Fools such as these stimulative apparitions are, they would be wise enough not to play the ghost under the certainty of being shot at, witlithe con tingency of being hit. The possibility of an ounce of cold lead finding lodgement in his corpus would'cool the courage of the most 'aring of them: M~r. Chapman is a cauididate for a seat in the Pra~diran Local Parliainent. ' I've heard one reason advanced why he should be elected which is really, worthy of con sideration. As it has notlhing .to do with his 'views respecting municipal bones of contention, I feel I may tell it to you with out. departing. from that straight line of neutrality which I've chalked ut' to myself to keep to respecting the merits or demerits of the various candidaties thait is, siippos ing any of them really have any demerits: Of course you are aware that Mr. Chapman is in the music line of business. It is only fair to infer, therefore, that he loves bar mony and'hItes discord. Now, you equally well, kniw' that 'in `the: Prahran' Council there has' latterly beedn too little of the former' and too much of the latter.' The idea is, that by electing Mr. Chapman, a gentleman would be put in who couild do something, at least, to reduce this un pleasant condition of things-that his musi cal k'iowledge; -if aptly brought :to bear, might possibly attiine the jarring notes now so frequent, .replacing them by .others sweet and mellifluous as syreus' songs. You might, I fancy, do worse than think this hint well" over before casting your vote. Bibulous agrees with me in approving of Mr. - Fuller's scheme for brewing good "'malt'" liquor. He said the other evening that he's now often full of " sugar " beer, but if that,ex-councillor's plan should float, he expedt's' he (Bib'ulous) -would soon be 'fuller" of" malt" beer ! I frowned one of 'my frowingest: frowns" at him' for' his wretched pun. I feel just a little proud that oine of " our" volunteers should have. secured the first prize shot .for. at the new ranges... The St. Kilda'Artillery has always been a good shooting corps, and so long as it contains shootists like Sergeant Limerock, it's not likely 'to" lose its'i*ebll-earned -prestige. May'. be live long.to enjoy the distinction he, has 'thus achieved ;'and, when his time for bullseyes' arnd'cefitres is over,be follboied by a host;equally competent. .I shouldn't relish b'eing d Russiiian 'invader within range of Limerock's rifle. .. " *Befor' now' I've entered my' protest. iainst', thoe substitutioni of' the adje6tive 'alloriglnr'il'for lthe, noudi'"'abbrighib;" This stupid blunder's .becoming imore, a'nd, more common. I often see it perpetrated by writers 'who I 'am "sure know, better, from, as I suppose, mere carelessness." Really they ought. to be more careful, knowing, as they must know? that constant ,repetitions'ofan error tend to fii it, and thus. to. corriipt thej language. -Let me point out what I conceive to be another corrnption. '.If I'm wrong in thinking so, (I shall be most happy for anyone to.put '~ie right. I irefer'to the plural form of the word "excellence." In nine cases out of ten I see'it printed: thus-" excellencies." f submit that it should be " excellences." Am I notright? -When you wish to refer to more. than one "sentence," you don't wrte " sentencies," nor " differosicies'," as the plural of ",difference." In the time of the Crimean War. there got knocking about England an expression which caused a good deal' of woiderment as to its origination and meaning. " Take care of Dowb." Now, who was Dowb, and why was he to be taken care of? That ex planation of the saying which gained most belief was that the message referred to ain otfficer in the English army, high in rank, I and who was not to be placed in a position of either discomfort or danger. In short that favour was to be shown to Dowb, because of the influence he poasessed, at home. And I fancy that unravelment of the mystery wasn't a 'mile' off the mark. Haven't we got some Dowbs in this colony to be favoured P If not, how do you account for two notices that appeared in the Government Gazette ofyesterday week? One is headed "Special Appointment," and narrates how "the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to appoint Bruce Gaunson,, Esq., the secretary to the Land Tax Coinmis sioners, to be an officer in the 3rd class of the ordinary division of the civil service." Now, isn't Bruce Gaunson a brother of David Gaunson, MIL.A.? And if so, doesn't this "special appointment" look very like 'throwing a sop to that Ishmael itish legislator? The other notice tells how, by the same authority, "James Shackell, Esq.," has been appointed "an assignee of insolvent estates for the Midland Insol vency district, acting at Echuca." Am I wrong in surmising that this appointee is the same Shackell who figured, so promi nently in the Lands office inquiry instituted to damage the reputation of Mr. Gillies ? If he be, adoesn't this look like. a reward for his efforts ? Admitting that my surmises are correct, then you must agree with me that our present rulers know how to "take care of Dowb." Really, I wish I was a "Dowb." Be careful, if you please, Mr. Printer, not make it "Daub" ,At the first half-yearly meeting'of the Metropolitan Gas Company, "the chairman and other.speakers defended the company; from the complaints lately made against it by gas consumers." Of course they did!. Who but a ninny would have expected they would do otherwise ? Costermonger Bob doesn't bawl out "stinking fish;" neither does Johnny Shortweight publish from the ;house-top that .his weights are several ounces short of what they should be. These worthies tell you,. the one that his piscine delicacies are " All alive hoe !" and.the other-that you get a pound at.his shop. But, unless you. are excessively green, you take their asseverations cum 7ranoe salis, and as coming. from deeply interested parties. So,,when youfind your gas bill much higher one month than it was the preceding one, and know full well that your consumption hasn't increased, what opinion do you form of the value of such a defence as that with which I com menced this paragraph ? in hims speech in the Assembly on the Constitution Reform :Bill, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen raised a good deal of opposition by some of his remarks. Referring to What the Goveriiment might be driven to do should 'the" bare authorities. refuse to sanction their measure, the Attorney General made remarks which savoured strongly'of. " cutting the painter." Stuck up to explain what he really did mean, Sir Bryan declared he' wasn't suggesting'a course, but merely.pointing out " possibili ties." This reminds me of the old story of the.'cuilprit .caidght in flagrante. dilecto. Some of the bystanders urged upon the excited crowd, "Whiatever you do, don't duck him in the horse-pond ?"-which horse-pond happiened to be conveniently handy. It got its victim. Brought before the magistrates for inciting the mob to commit a breach of the peace, their lawyer pleaded for them' that, they, had actually advocated ithat? the man should .not . be thrown in. I think there is a:similarity in kind between their 'shggestion and the Spossibilities'" of Sir'Bryan. They both; in alight-handed way, indicate something not to be done, which in reality they desire to see done. 