QUEENSLAND. [From onr own Correspondent] Brisbane, November P. The Daxty 2V'«M, late Patriot, issue-i a pictorial supplement this morning, in which wis representation of a lovely young fetmle linl-4ino- with a VArT fnpeihlft CT1D. aDDlTentiV the head of a huge serpent, whose body ti the length of muy many yards appears in fol ti ronnd the young woman's form. This work of art is explained in a very high-toned leader. The female with the powerfol grip is Queens land and the serpent is ' squatterdom.' Th-j reptile, we are told in high-flown language, is gradually overcoming the young woman (yon would not think m to see the cartoon), and anoth-r squeeze in its deadly embrace will finish off the victim altogether. The article is so far leassuringthat ittelU na that there is one chance for tbf lidy to avoid the final and fatal squeeze, but that there is not a mumetit to lose. All of which means that we are n«it, as. we vilue our existence, to allow Mr. Palmer, a squatter and a prophet amongst squatters, to represent Bris bane. This is but one of the many devices now beii g ri sorted to to damage the changes of camli daUs whose reputations are injured to the full extent a. lowed by the law of libel, doubtful compm-atiuu being made by the praises of sup port*™, who are never so loud or so convincing as flume who have charges and inuendoi to n.ai-e. Sime of the candidates them selves nre their own enemies. This has bem especially the caw with Mr. Griffith the Atioiiitj-Oeatral ami a cindidate for North Brisk* it. Inuendos of tergiversation were mule .-g iust him which had he treated them with sili nt contempt would have passed tinhrfi'H. Bat he must need* rush into print, whire as a natural consequence he has been more or lmse.tr since, answeriug or endeavouriug to answer Irrth innendosand getting decidedly the worst 1 1 the fight. His latest literary efforts have decidedly damaged his chauces of election, but not fatally so. I expect to see him second at the poll, with Mr. Palmer at the top. Mr. Priig by many is believed to have a good chance. He represented the city in the last session of rarliaccut. The fourth ciudidate, Mr. Becking', who also represented Brisbane in the late Parl Ument, has not the ghost of a chance. He has cot vet addressed the electors and for any gicd lit will do he might as will save his breath. Mr. Pt liner held his fir.it meeting on Mtraday in the old School of Arts, which building was most imoiiveniently packed with perspiring humauity. The fact is piople expected some excitrmr'nt from the MTuir, and they got it— i.-ither loo much of it in f.«t. It could hardly be exi ectcd-that a proininti.t number of the aquattiug party like Mr. Palmer, and who Um ere now nude bis voice hmrd anil his vote felt against the interests of the city, would be allowed lo take his scat aareprcsentaiive of that city un challenged. So the hall embraced within its vails a compact body of anti-Palmerites. who made tl.iugg lively for the candidate. I CftU assure you Mr. Palmer's ruauuer at beat 5* not conciliatory, and on this occasion it wan lrsi so than ever. He gave some of Us qnfstioners to understand that he con sidered them fools ; many questions he refused lo answer at ail, and utterly repudiated the idea of pledging himself lo anything. In fact he was thoroughly defiant. He most have felt afterwards that he bad not gone quite the right way to werk to secure the ailhesion of waverers, fcccanse at bis second meeting a few nights afterwards he altered his tone considerably and as it were ate humble pie. As I have already told yon, there is a large section of the community which believes that it is better to have Mr. Palmer for than against the city. Mr. Palmer showed astuteness when lie introduced himself by stating that^ his principal reason for acceding to a requisition to allow himself to be nominated for Brisbane nsi that he might break down the claptrap crj of 'No nquatter.' Of course ~Mr. Palmei claimed thst all the 'liberal' legislation ol the last Parliament had been brought atom directly or indirectly by the so-called squatting jwrcy. He said that '? if it were a sin to be i squatter the present Prime Minister was one Be had been unfortunate us a squatter, but il lie had {.oseessed half the financial brains of tht men whom he took a pleasure in maligning hi would still have been a squatter.' Not a bat tit. Nr. Palmer went on to say, ' The part; that op(.o«t-d him did not do so because he wai » squatter, but because he was not a ' babe ol grace'— Incense he was not sitting at the fee' of the £Vi rutlical Standard* Thia-was a hit at a print which is popularly credited with fcaving several fingers in the politic*! pit and wish not confining itself strictly U the concerns suggested by its title. Thi idea of Mr. Palmer as a ' babe of grace,' or in deed a bnbe of any kind, is a merry conceit One cannot picture this very knowing gentle man ever having been in a state of babyhood He gives the idea of having been born with hu ovo-tppth rut. Mr. Pring, Q.C., late member tor lirubane, and no* a candidate to represent it again, baa beld his first meeting— also at the School cf Arta — which whs equally as crowded as on the occasion of Mr. Palmer ad dressing the electors there. He had the advan tage however over his opponent of having an orderly and attentive audience. Mr. Pring has a very genial manner and a very tiappy way of saying things, which takes Smmtnsely with his. hearers and makes clap trap go down better than much cleverer utterance. Mr. Pring's speech sounded capitally, tut it did not read so well in print. Tnere is a great cioal in delivery— that must_ be admitted. Mr. Pting is at one with Mr. Palmer on one joint at least ; he will not agree to keeping people sober by Act of Parliament, but he agrees with Mr. Palmer, as indeed with nearly every one el-e, that our licensing laws Want reforming, as they undoubtedly do. Mr. Griffith occupied nearly' the whole of his last meeting in explain ing away Mr. Palmer. With the smaller fry I won't tiouble you. You can imagine how South Brisbane is off for meetings when you learn thai it possesses seven candidates and that the whole Ut have meetings nearly every evening. One question which agitates the minds of both candidates and electors is the future position of equatteis. There is a very general feeling, whici extends to many of the squatters them selves, that enough is not being got out of the pastoral lauds of the colony; and how matters are to be improved without breaking faith with the pistoral tenants is the conundrum which Las to be solved. The squatters u a rule do not mind pa) ing an increased rental for their runs so that they get a jtmJ pro quo in the shape ol long imi. feasible tenures («ay fourteen years) over at least part of their runs. Such an arrange? cnt would be considered fair by everybody almost. It would not apply to the rnns iu'the railway reserves, nor to those in the lettled districts, of which the leases expire very shortly. U is absnrd, for instance, to expect pastoralists to go out to the extreme west to cpen np new country without having somethicg like a secure tenure, especially when by Koir-K a little further-into South Australia— they can secure such capital terms for tbeni selvM V'e cannot bv any possible means cover our immerse territory with agriculturists for ?veart to come, consequently we cannot venture to ignore the squatting interest Mr. Palmer is right in saying that there is a great deal of Claptrap about the no-squatter cry. The ?quarters are as well aware as anybody tha they toust retire btfore settlement and that the day* of their monopoly are past. The positior the squatter is to hold in the future is almosl certain to be settled early in the new Parliament A chance in our system of immigration wilJ also rr.cst likely be brought about. There u undoubtedly room for improvement. Many would like to sec free immigration got nd o altogether and a return made tot ha land-ordK system, is likely to induce a more satisfacto^ Class cf immigrants. Others again would hk. Government immigration.in any shape dispense! with and our supply of settlers left to be settle* fcv the law of supply and demand. At th nresent moment, when the state of the colon; IS iO bad and the labour market so orerdone, i 5, hardly likely that the immigration qnestio -nil be fairly considered, but it is certain tha ibe system might be rearranged with advantaj without disturbing the main principle* Tfc fcinaka question is one which candidates woul like to avoid if they could. This is wt one. 4be qnMions the answer to which if it plea* Mention is bound to offend .another M yjmer raised a perfect \«»lwuidabont b '£r, tl e other night when *5f»™« his «y iriction that the sugar indnstry ooald not 1 '233 on without Chinesekboar. 8omi . « JSdatM compromise by saying they would all- ]\ihu-=ia!) l.tbonr to die out gradually without :.ny sudden change, but they do not suggest a mf-ai.s of carrying oat this idea. Polynesian libour will only die out of its own accord when there ceases to be any demand for it There is more general agreement as regards the Chinese. The objection to the wholesale importation of the Celestials is held by most Qneei slanders. Flinch (did I tell you we had established a Punch?) has a cartoon making f nn of the representative of Her Majesty, whose penchant for the yellowskini is well known. The domestic ptrionntl of Government House is mainly composed of Chinese— and very good servants they make — and one of the staff (domestic) has lately been promoted to a seat in the dickey of Hia Eicellencj's Victoria, in the room of an orderly (white) who refused the duty. I'urtch then has got s- cartoon repre senting the Governor aad Mr. Punch riding in the aforesaid Victoria with the Ohinkey, duly ambrellaed, sitting in the rumble. Under the cartoon is some rather foggy Jetterpreaa, in which Mr. P., in answer to His Excellency, who enquires how his gnest likrs the turn-out generally, gives a hint thit John is all very well in the back teat, but that care must be taken that be doesn't meddle with the reins, by which I imagine we are to understand that if the Ohinamen are hi owed to overrun the land they will byand by get the whiphaud of us, which is a rather impotent conclusion. But the cartoon is very (opular, as you may imagiue. There are not i.earlv to many Chinamen coining to our shores row 'as there were twelve mouths back. The (.oldfieids are offering no great temptation to i hem. Moreover the ra her rough treatment tcrre of those now here have met with from -ome of the Uold A'ardeus ami their myrmidons las caused tiuumpting news to be sent to the Howtry Lan'. November i-, 1878— the Prince of Wales's biitlnia) ? will be memorable for a tew days as the daj on which Hrisbaue was attacked by a hostile force. In other words the volunteers got up a sham light, the programme consisting of an attack on the capital by oue-half the force, rrpreMUtii g by common consent the Kussian), and its deli nee by the other half. As at the time 1 write the umpires have not yet given their decision I am unable to tell you whether, the city fell iutu the hands of the enemy or not. In the aften oou we were led to believe that the eii.-nj had prevailed, because at about 5 o'clock one of his batteries of artillery galloped into town and announced them selves in possession. They stated that they had circumvented the defending force by taking a circuitous route and crossing a creek by a hricge where no force was posted to defend it. The toinmander of the defence force, when l.e reacluti town last night, asserted that the city had nevt r been taken at all ; thit though the hostile hattery h id reached Brisbane in fact it liad ntit done so in theory ; thit it had crossed a bridge which had wen blown up to prevent the vi ry manuuvre performed by the battery iu qn=»tion. The contention on the one siJe is, '? We crowed an undefended bridge and got into Iiriabane unobserved ;' on the other, 'You could i.ot have got in by the way jou assert be- ? cauf e the bridge you crossed was blown up.' We are most anxious to lenra the decision of the umpins on this most momentous point. Non-miliUry people suggest that all question might have bceiravoided by the com mander of the defence force ordering a placard to be raised on the bridge stating that ' this bridge is blown up.' I learn that the enemy wtre very much disheartened early in the pro ceedings by being told by their commander that they were bound to be beaten. This remark setms to me to have been injudicious. Tho knowledge of this fact should have been kept locked np in that commander's breast. In volunteer sham fights there should be in my idta no victory on either side. The battle should be drawn. Britons do not like to be beaten even in fun, and I am quite sure that whichever foice got the worst of yesterday's struggle as per decision of the umpires won't hear the last of it in a hurry. This sham fight reminds me of the terrible blunder we have made over this holiday. When ever a public holiday falls upon a Saturday, which is always a half-holiday for the Civil Serviie, and many others, a —little pressure proenres the proclaiming of the Monday as a holiday instead. This hat been snch an invariable rule of late years that everybody took it for granted that the same plan would be followed' in regard to the Prince of Waleg's birthday and all fixtures of sports, excursions, picnic*, kc, were made for Monday. According to our Public Holidays Act, eight clear days proclamation must be made of any holiday other than those named iu the Act, and it was only when three days of the eight had elapsed that people discovered that Monday had not been proclaimed. Requisitions were sent off iu hot huste to the Colonial Secretary, but to no purpose. Like policemen, they came too late to be of any ser vice. The mischief was done. The Govern menrezpressed their readiness to accede to the wishes of the people did the law permit, but it didn't. Then the DeoDle. ansrv at havins their holiday muddled, wanted to know why the Go vernment had waited to be pressed on the sub ject. The answer to this was that as Monday war the last day for paying into the Banks the caution-money in connection with the elections the Government did not like to inconvenience candidates unless it appeared that the public were anxious to have Monday proclaimed. My belief is that the matter slipped everybody's mind, the Government included. A most extraordinary and unfortunately fatal accident occurred on the Northern Extension Rxilway a few days back. A ballast train with many navvies on board was going at a rather fast pace past a spot where workmen were using n derrick when one of the guys by some means fell across the trucks, sweeping away the whole of the men in the last one. Five men were killed and thirteen more or less seriously wounded. An ennniry into the cause of the accident is now being held, and we shall heurin a day or two whether the unfortunate navvies have been hurried to their graves by carelessness or through pure accident. I have still the same tale to tell of commercial depression, and I don't know when I shall he able to change my story. Thing) are if any thing worse than they were. One very respectable wholesale firm has succumbed during the week, and more are expected to follow directly. The moral atmosphere of Brisbane is very depressing just now, and head-shaking appears to have become chronic There are no signs of creditrevivingasyet. Seth Peterson, whose Real Property Office and other frauds have done so much to destroy confidence, has been committed for trial on four charges, including the making away with £900 belonging to the South Brisbane School of Arts. He denies nothing and absolves all his fellow I officials from any complicity in his crimes. The fioyel Commission to enquire into the working of the Keal Property Office has already tad two sittings. At the second the Com missioners very wisely decided to admit the I representatives of the Press to hear the pro I ceedings. At present nothing of the least public interest has transpired. The Registrar General appeared at the last sitting and handed I in a bulky report with particulars of the working of the OtKco in the psst, and suggestions for iu better working in the future, with hints for the avoidance of frauds -abutting the stable I door in fact after the steed is stolen. I Wa are red hot upon cheap narrow gauge railways. Judging from what a large number of candidates say the experiment °f one °f tD' kind of lines from South Brisbane to the Southern border is likely to be tried. If it is Mr Angus Mackay may fairly claim to have brought the thing about. It will be a proud I day for him when his American experiences are brought to bear in a practical manner on out railway system. Mr. Mackay- has made a con vert of Mr. Ballsrd, the Kngineer-in-Chief ol the Central and Northern Railways, who pro poses to adopt his plan almost without alter* tion. It will be a grand thing to have thl question of cheap railways solved by actual ex ^ThT coldest-blooded, hardest-hearted cynii must have been softened by a sight which du tressed us a few days ago. The railway em ployes.thcir wives and children, to the numbe of SCO came down from Ipswich (which is th : Crewe of ourSouthern Railway) for their annua ' 1 holiday. It was a pouring wet day, and a Urg | number of the exenrsionisti spent their day } standing np out of the tain— a melanchol; 1 sight. The men— some of them— drowned the 1 sorrow* in the bowl, while others amongut th * 1 holiday-makers not having enough of the water 1 element in town betook themselves down tl Z river in a steamer. The 800, dripping and di I cocsolate, left for Ipswich, home, ana di '' I clothes at 8 o'clock in the evening. 