A SPIBITIST SEANCE. [LAST Saturday evening a stance was held at the private residence of a well- known politician in Toorak, at which our own reporter was present: from whom we have derived the following particulars.] We all took our places at the table, and shortly after we had joined hands, the medium became powerfully convulsed, went off into a trance, v as taken possession of by a spirit, whose presence made itself manifest by communicating a sea-green hue to the countenance of the person possessed. In a few minutes, the medium began to talk French ; and as I happened to be the only person present who could speak that language fluently, my host requested me to act as interpreter between himself and the spirit. This I consented to do, and here follows a report of the dialogue which ensued:— G. B.—Will the spirit in possession of the medium be good enough to tell us the name he was known by when he was in the world ? ANSWEK.—Francois Maximilien Joseph Isidore Robespierre. (A cold shudder ran round the circle, and. every one present n an conscious of a pain in the loner jaw as if it had beenfractured by a pistol shot.) G. B. —We never invited you to be present. Why do you come here? F. R.—In obedience to a law. Like attracts like. Human beings are acted upon by their moral correlatives outside of themselves. G. B.—But what is the point of contact, or of resemblance, betwixt you and me ? F. R.—The egregious conceit, of which both of us are the victims. G. B.—I wish you would refrain from making unpleasant remarks. F. R,—I dare Fay you do. It's a habit I have. Then again, I am drawn to your side by the affinities of our career. You are a stump orator; and so was I. You are merely reproducing the dropsical speeches I used to deliver iu 1789, when I mounted a table in one of the cafds of Paris and harangued a turbulent crowd of idlers and adventurers on liberty and equality ; the crimes of the rich and the virtues of the poor. Wherever there was discontent, I fomented it; wherever there was envy, or jealousy, or hatred, I stimulated it. My vanity impelled me to aspire to supreme power, and I stuck at nothing to attain it. G. B.—Well, I admit that you and I are alike in that respect. F. R.—But in one particular we differed toto ccelo. G B.—What w-as that? Excuse my asking. My education was rather neglected in early life; and therefore I don't know much about French history, F. R.—Meu called me "the Incorruptible." I did not fill my pockets at the expense of the people. I did not enable a Paris newspaper to complain that I "had a father-in-law with no sort of qualification, being iu fact a superannuated attorney's clerk, who was, nevertheless, appointed at a salary of £350 per annum." My worst enemies could not assert that any appointments I made were " politically infamous." G. B.—Ah ! you are quoting these disagreeable remarks from the Age newspaper of May, 1872. We are excellent friends now. It is astonishing what can be bought for £30 a week. F. R.—Bad as I was, £30 a week could not buy me; no, nor thirty times £30. Do you know how much money I died worth ? G. B.—A few thousands, I suppose. F. R.—Fifty francs only—just forty shillings of your money. G. B.—Dear me! how you must have neglected your opportunities. F. R. —My sister supported me—and you ? G. B.—Well, you see, I have a large family -on my hands; and I look upon the State as a milch cow, whose udder is the sole property of patriots like myself. F. R.—"Patriots!" That is a queer word for you to UBe. It means, I believe, something very different from what it used to do in my time. G. B.—O, yes ! ours is an age of enlightenment and progress: and we have remodelled the dictionary. A patriot, my dear ghost, is a man who soft-sauders the people with his tongue, while he picks their pockets with both hands. They like it; I assure you, they like it. F. R.— Ay, for a time; but they get tired of it, after a while. I gave the French people plenty of soft-sauder, as you call it; but I never picked their pockets, and see how they turned round upon me ! My power in the Convention was absolute; the Jacobin Club was to me what the Reform League is to you. You have Syme; I had Bar<5re. With the Mountain at my back, I thought I could defy the taunts of Tallien, as you. make light of the attacks of Gaunson; but all of a sudden, my supporters deserted me. I made a passionate appeal to the people; but they received it with frigid indifference; and when the cry was raised of Aux <coix le deoret d'accusation, I knew it was all over with me. G. B.—But why do you come here to relate this infernally unpleasant story ? , •, . , F. R—Just to show you what a malignant delight the devil takes in lifting us demagogues above our fellows, and then in hurling us down and trampling us under foot. G. B.—But I don't believe there is a devil. F. R—Very few people do, who are habitually inspired by him, and whom he moves hither and thither like so many puppets. Do you think he is such anWtrageous fool as to let you know who your master is ? G. B. —Well all I can say is, if you have nothing more agreeable to talk about than this, your room would be preferable to your company. F. R—No doubt; but I am not so easily got rid of. I like you. You're one of my own sort. Only I was free from your vices. In fact, I was austerely virtuous. I prided myself upon my severe morality. But I excelled in humbugging the people. That is your forte, n' est ce pas ? And you have threatened those who don't belong to " the people " with a civil war. Good, very good. Go on, my dear boy; and it won't be long before you join us. G. B. (turning very yellow).—What do you mean ? F. R.—What should I mean ? Don't you understand ? You'll pay the forfeit always paid by those who get up revolutions. You will either be perforated or abbreviated. I tried to escape the latter fate by shooting myself ; but I only shattered my jaw : and on the 10th of Thermidor they haled me to the scaffold. Would you believe it ?—the executioner, who had been one of my warmest partisans, tore the bandage off my mutilated chin; and the crowds at the foot of the scaffold—" liberals J* to a man—applauded the ruffian, and roared with laughter at th*e horrible figure I cut ! G. B. (yellower than ever).— 0 please, don't. You make me feel quite sick. F. R—You'll be sicker, yet, if you attempt to carry your threats of a civil war into execution. Once put yourself outside the law. and then look out for squalls. I speak from experience, you kuow ; and I warn you to beware of coming to the same miserable end as I did. (At this stage of the proceedings G. B. netit off in a dead 