GENERAL TOPICS. . . [AMERlCi'S XA1)..] . In the grain trade there is a renewal of depression:^^^^vLarge'sup^lies; of y.wheat'aLre; great'.ahundance in America and no want-, bf^^.supplies ,511' other, .quarters,.'^andj-more-; than that, the splendid weather we are now enjaying at honie, all eontribute to a decline. ; •..- It is a great pity, but. Australian pre-; served meat would seem to have become a,,i 'driig;in tlie.jnarkef.v > Advices from Bockhampton, one of the principal places 111 Australia fbr-slanghterhig; and preserving" the tinned ;'riieats sold 'in;'this "country, .state..that ,owing t6, the low prices obtaiii-; able on,this side the works are stopped. The cattle dealers require 14s per lOOlbs. for the raw material,, but the manager of• the works will only give 12s, or soilietlnng less tliaii l^cl.per;lb,,'and"tkereare few,' ; if any;, stock owners willing to sell, their herds at this rate.. - •It is, -1 j believe," not .generally known that- a rather extensive hog. trade - -has Sprung iip betiveen the -Umted States and Great Britain. A Liverpool steamer has been specially fitted up for its .requirements, and can-carry 2501) hogs on a trip. . A^^ correspondent;sends me the following .printed notice, whicli, as he justly says, .needs no,cbmment;:^'American'.P^ —Having made arrangements to represent Garner and Co.,. of New York {the largest printers m the world), we shall open -out in bulk on;, Tuesday, June -25, ail assortment of their styles suitable for home and export -trade. Shall-be glad of a call from you.—'EL'LET, Gloyeti Co., Man- : Chester, 15 George-street." .Here,- then, are more importations of American cottons for our Lancashire operatives to ' 1 trace," •and as they are to be sold in Manchester, it ought 'not to be so very hard to trace them, lti Professor Ji'awcett's book he 'dwells 'mudv ph;^h,e}.!yery:.snia^ tions of American cotton into 33nglaud. •Might'^it ^nb^hayejiMh^JftMl^toiive waited:.a year or. two. before saymgriiiuch, . ou'-iliiit jpint,?^^^ treat; theiegiiinirigSfa'^^^^^^ the end. The main facts to get clearly into one's head are that the sale of American cotton goods in England is soine'thiiig new ; that the sale is increasing,' and that they.';are confessedly-^^ lower prices than iour own.- ;i-How are the •political tecodomisfegoing-ftb"^ Snotice mu^fc^ .to the-party 'from wliom the bill;lias: /ayWbeii t the case brought forward, the •defendant's ground. The case was that of Home v. «was rvdraivn: u pon • Jos^- Clian erot,;,flf; LarrQcha,"in,;Spain.;, fit jwas made.i'))aya'ble andiendorsedsbyihlmsto !the"%ilaii)ti^ .;who endoisedit to one Mouforte, of Valencia ; it ;passedithro"ughMther,.iands\,and;.piuie, back tr, Monforte dishonoured, on July ?dants .on-tlie ssame .•day.-v^-'ijofa'Clblerid^; fuund ithat no :iiotice ;qf; disKonour ;o'n- a duly- .protested bill ' ; ;was : :necessary ;by wrong m refusmg»payment -on tlie plea! set up. The €ourt fj bf Appeals'' upheld; this decision „"" ' iiS'Sxperimeatslaavfijheen'.jliried'Underiilie! ^nj^tebtt^^B^Wtajayiiyimfcl^ts^ mouth with ail invention, the design o£ noise of steam valves on .ships Great in sterest .sos .attachedr,ic.!i;he;*.sub'3 ect3^s3?ive; experiments 'on hoard _ Her»Majesty's 1 im 1 111 < h, n j „J- < -i t ic id 1 o ] 1 i 1111 1 woi 1 -ill f\piui 1 ui)'., and; f'D udjp'ii 11 gc'itrally m n.»gi >ug mmmimmii of this remedy for an intolerable and dangerous nuisance would appear to« be only a<jueation of time. t . . Tiio Borscr Zeitung says tliat the German cattle trade is continually threatened by Russia; : cattle disease is. endemic there, and since Russia is annually exporting about nine million roubles worth of cattle to Germany and Austria, where we also import cattle; the danger, is not m- considcrable. • . - - ; The subject of; horse-shoes has been again discussed, but, anfortuaately, so far as I . know, no attempt is to^ be made to decide the question concerning tlie usefulness or uselessness of the practice of shoeing iiorses. ; Mr George Rausom maintains that lie-has-already tried the experiment of allowing horses to. go unshod both on damp and dry soils, on clay, and iu every kind of i climate. Havnag made the cxperimsnt he.has arrived at the conclusion that m every case the ; unshod horse is better than the shod. It would be well if some'of the authorities 'in .such- matters were to try the., question fully, and . thus 'decide between the advocates of the two systems. To try the experiment with horses .-that had been accustomed to shoes would, in my opinion, iiardiyAe fair^^j coHw-tSat- have «e*«»4elt the n-on should be selected, and the matter might then be easily settled. : After •so much-discussion, and the expression of such decided opinions -for each course, it would be a pity were, no conclusion to be arrived at. >..- " , . '. Once more the scheme of uniting the Atlantic aud Pacific oceans by a canal across the Isthmus ;of Panama is said to be coming to the front. Ii is reported 4,hat a contract has been ratified between the Government of Collinibia and the Intel nationa! Committee formed for the purpose of carrying out this project, and thai, it is to be immediately commenced. By the terms of the contract the caual is to be open to all the- world by the year 189b. , -Over, and above the land necessa^ for the excavation of the chaunel, the companj r are to have a strip of territory 200 yards wide on either side, as well as upward of a miilion of acres to he chosen at discretion. • Besides this, all the building materials the isthmus affords are to be at the disposal of the company. .The following interesting items are extracted; from the Home papers by last mall: — Everybody knows how fond Lord Beaconsfield is of a surprise. One of the most intelligent Jews 1 ever met with, said to me the other day, " He has yet a great surprise --in,store for you, and it will be the greatest act of his -life. He will die a Jew, and be buried beside lus father in the graveyard of the Jews at Mile-end. He was baptised by a trick of the poet Rogers; and .no Jew is ever sincere in renouncing the religion of his race. He will die a Jew, I tell you." There is something to be said in favour of •tins view ; but I believe the greatest charm of Christianity in the eyes of Lord Beiacpnsfield,.and its firm hold over him, is contauied in'the Tact which he himself pointed out in the celebrated twentyfomik chapter of Lord George Beatmek's biography, that one-half; of the civilised world worships a Jew and the other half a Jewess.';- .-A; mail so • strongly impressed with such a .view, as Lord Beaconsfield is, must no - doubt, feel that it feeds and flatters his pride of race quite enough to keep him true to the • : religion •;. of his khightlipqd,/;and ' to ; "make jhini'.-cbntent with burial-beside Jus wife instead of beside his father. I hear thatatthe first blush our.oftcers stigmatise Cyprus as. a hole. , It is as hot as —— (no matter where) only much more dreary. There .••is.not a tree to - be -seen, not a single scrap of , shade—not a soul to speak to, and nothing whatever to do;, except forsthe Highlanders,-who can have their fill of, thistles, and Sir Garnet and :his staff as much as they like of official work. Not a few ardent soldiers, who were delighted at the prospect of a campaign 111 Cyprus, would gladly exchange it fur the Strada lleale or the steps of the Malta Club. "' ,;• ';. >;.;'• . An American gentleman, who a day or two. since obtained a ticket and paid a lengthened visit to the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich, said to a friend 011 his returu : I have seen the arsenals on the Continent of Europe sand those in my own. country, but! have been astonished—indeed, I may say appalled—at what I have seen at Woolwich. You ought to make 110 difficulty about showing it to foreigners You have only to admit them freely, let them see your preparations, and no country iu the world would think of fighting you " Api opos of Her "Majesty's review of the ironclads at Spithead, it may be u>teiest ing to recall the fact that the Queen can look bick upon at least one dangerous m iritime adventure. Cruising off the Isle of Wright m fhe yacht Emerald, «hile she was yet Princess "Victoria, the breeze freshened into a gale, and before the ve selcould get into Cowes Road the decks were swept fore and aft The coming <Jueen, however undauntedly remained a witness of the stirring scene ; when a sudden squall took the Emerald aback, and crack went the topmast immediately above the cap The pilot, Mr Saunders, quick ,as thought, sprang to where the princess was standing, lifted her m his arms to a, more safe position farther aft, and -the next moment crash came the topmast down where the Queen had onginally stationed herself. But for the prompt action of Mr Saunders the Queen would probably never have lived to witness the -poiidersus.procession of.theironclads last, week _ Indeed, Her Majesty long ago acknowledged that the escape was some : thing to he thankful for, as the pilot, at her instance, was promoted to be a master, and when the Princess Victoria became Queen of England, he was early invited to Court Moreover, at the death of Mr Saunders, some few years after, Her MajCBty ma'de -coDsiderates proyisioa for his-svife and family. / "When staying at "Bestwood Park the other day the -Prince and Princess of Wales -clrove over to .JTewstead Abbey . In the absence of Mr and Mrs Webb, their two young daughters did the honours of^the house Having inspected • s^pdry.^rophie«Vo£-rMSsWebb'ifiJakill d sa~ .BpOrtsmanJ.ttheJP- rincessaskedtoJje-Bhown, the JByron .Rooms, and particularly the; " Haunted- Chamber." .After expressing admiration at what ihe,had been-fihown, the Piincens ramarked . " But .where is; the ghost 2 A haunted room is nothing, without a ghost;" and thereupon "began IPOKMGABOUTIMTHIELFSPARASOWOIND-ONE.' Theie is a recess, r m which -part of the bedstead stands, -and continuing to probe,. she noticed a movement as of -something 1 aliie ( All were ahiazed; when presently , out rushed a young ^wojnan and ian ofif and then another; stood np, her, face; coveied with her apron-to hide her con-; fusion, 1 to the great amusement of the Prince and Rnncess. 5 u r » mii Marvels of marine locomotion hay* ba- come.as familiar in . .the long-vacation .as gigantic gooseberries and reappearances of; the sea serpent. The Atlantic has just been navigated by diminutive craft like the Nautilus and.the City of Itagusa. Not long ago the English Channel was crossed by a beau sabreur m? a Thames canoe- Then, came; Captaim Boyton and^ his famous swimming, apparatus- To him succeeded Captain Webb. The same, channel lias now ; been walked - across. A Mr Fowler—an American, it is needless to say—has constructed on the model of the twin ship Castalia a podoscaphe—a twin canoe, which, inflated, supports the propeller 011 his legs, and winch when not inflated packs up into the size of an ordinary, carpet-bag. Upon this Mr JWler, lias actually succeeded in walking, or more correctly 111 paddling, in a perpendicular position from Boulogne, to Siudgate. He; did the distance iu something less than twelve hours, tvas accpmpanied by a boat,- and arrived not a little fatigued. Srn John ; Coodid has returned to England after a lengthened visit to tlie 'Anbpodes.;Avhere.ihe appears -to have been: most cordially: and most hospitably received. He is provided now with ilie full information which, only personal inspection caii,g:ive;<aud thif^wiil;.soon he suppleiuented by detailed, results i and obser-, vations; concernina; tides,- borings, and '•marine surveys, for which he left, full instructions, iii. the eolpiiios. Until the receipt of these leports his own decision cannot well be made upon the points referred to him. and which , embrace such important considerations . as; the. best means of impi oviiin- tlie access for.shipping to Melbourne,vmid the present condition ottheGippsland Lake entrances, and the harbours of Portland, Belfast, Wan 1 -, nambool, and Geelong. V anous schemes Have been propounded to 'Secure the firstnanied. . One is to constructs direct canal from the: Yarra opposite, the city..to a lioint in the bay near Saiidridge: Another to deepen and eiil;ii-ge the course of thfe river from the city t.o i.li<; bay. and it isuppn the relative value o± these and other proposals that Sir. John Copde will ere long fully report. ; lie has also in -Land other-repoit's.for the Government o£. New Zealand;' and during his visit he-inspected either for Govurnment or the respective Haroour Boards nearly every port and havbour inthat .colony.. :•' -,, ' • . ' " ';' 