©eneral Jiitellipua During their eleven months cricketing tour the Australian Eleven travelled 70,000. miles. Mr. Marr, the great carrier pigeon breeder in Sydney, lias trained his grand birds to travel from Juuee to Sydney, a distance of 287 miles by rail. A recent investigation made, discloses that over £17,000 has been paid in London for in surance on railway plant. In future the colonial offices.will have the benefit, tenders to be called for. Sir William Gull, the London physician who pulled the Prince of Wales through the typhoid, says that he prefers taking cod liver oil to spirits to warm himself on a cold morning. The Australian cricketers when in New York visited its great gaol — The Tombs, where they were surprised to see the prisoners smoking and playing cards. , Oub Forbes Times ) attention has been directed to the possibility of mistakes occurring through an alteration, in the colour of bank notes now in circulation. Formerly the £1 notes were printed black, the £5 notes blue, and £10 notes red, and many illiterate persons who could neither read nor write usually judged of the value of the bank note by its colour. The notes which the Australian Joint Stock Bank are now issuing are all blue, and to the uninitiated a mistake is quite possible. We are not aware of the reason for the change, excepting that a black note can be photographed, which cannot be done with a coloured one, and in these days when "flash" notes are so common, it is a wise step on the part of the bank to prevent fraud whenever it is possible. A writer to a London paper says : — " That it is far more trying to the nerves to work, at a height of 40 feet from .the ground than at one of 100. I was assured that .this circumstance was well known to scaffold builders and others who carry on this labour at considerable alti tudes." Miss Marguerite de Rothschild, who is to be converted to Catholicism previous to her mar riage, is now taking daily lessons from the priests, and will not be allowed to see anyone except the immediate members of her family until she has " taken her first communion." Baron Charles gives his daughter £70,000 only, or about £3000 a year, a modest figure, which removes any possible suggestion as to pecuniary motives. The report as to the Duke of Sutherland be ing liable for the City of Glasgow Bank lia bilities has been entirely disposed of by the au thoritative statement to the effect that the Duke is not " either directly or indirectly a share holder in the City of Glasgow Bank." Mrs. Florence Bravo's will has been proved by Mr. W. H. Campbell, the other executor, Mr. Orr, having declined to act. The will is dated the 20th February, 1877, and the property is sworn tinder £60,000. The questiou of flooding the Sahara is not ap parently to pass into oblivion. There are two chief schemes for effecting this geographical re volution, on'q of which proposes the creation of an inland Algerian sea, with an opening into the Mediterranean, while the other demands the creation of 60,000 sqaare miles of the Sahara into a vast lake, with an outlet into the Atlan tic. The first scheme has the support of the French Government. The editor of the London Punch poked a great deal of fun at Darwin, and recently, when the " missing link" savant was biessedwith an heir, that paper conteined a cartoon representing the professor feeding a little monkey with pap. A few day 8 after that Darwin met the' editor in the Zoological Gardens. " So you don't believe that apeB belong to the human family ?" said the former. " How absurd !" was the reply. " Very well," continued the professor, " let us test the matter," and taking a copy of Punch out of his pocket, he approached a cage of ba boons and began reading. In a few minutes the most intelligent ape of the lot yawned dis mally. " There, now," exclaimed the professor, triumphantly, "how do you- aceount for that?" The editor was dumbfounded, and walked away scratching his head. A clergyman of Scottish birth and training contributes an article o& pulpit plagiarisms to a Philadelphian journal. He states that, when he was a young man, a certain popular probationer: in connection with one of the Presbyterian! denominations received no fewer than 21 calls! from as many congregations. After his death a: volume of his sermons was publishod, but it was; discovered that a great number of them were' plagiarisms. A student delivered a trial dis course in a Scottish divinity hall. Charged by one of his fellow-students with plagiarism, he cooly replied, " I wrote my sermon with inver ted commas." " But how," exclaimed his fel low-student, "could your inverted commas be discovered by the Professor ?" " Did you not observe," replied the unabashed thief, " that I turned up iny tongue twice, in imitation of in7: verted commas, when I commenced iny dis-; course, and turned down my tongue twice, at the other side of my mouth, when I had finished my sermon." Another student was charged with plagiarising when preaching a trial dis course before his presbytery. The student stoutly denied the charge. To make good hiB assertion, his accuser hurried home and speedily returnod with a volume of the sermons of the celebrated Jay, of Bath, and read what the stu dent had just delivered. " I never saw Jay's sermons," said the Btudent, "but I delivered i what I have heard froth the lips of the Rev. Dr. , who lately preached from the tet which the Presbytery has assigned me. I took copious notes, and have availed myself from the/n to-day." It thus turned out that a venerable member of the Presbytery bad been helping him self to the fruit of the labours of the eloquent Jay, of Bath. I At the Marlborough-street Police Court ba October 22 Henry Thome, no fixed home, sea/ man, was charged before Mr. Newton, on his own confession, witli having committed murder by shooting a man, name unknown, at Glebe Island, near Sydney, New South Wales, oi February 20, 1877. The folio wing is the prison er's statement as given at the police station :-l " About February 20, 1877, 1 was in the Butclu ers' Arms, Glebe Island, near Sydney, Australia, at 2 in the day. A man, who said he was a stock-driver from np-country, and myself were drinking together at the bar, when an argument arose between us about shooting, and the man, who had a six-bffrelled revolver (Adams), sug gested we should go to some clearance near aud shoot for drinks to decide which was the best shot. We agreed and fired six shots at a stump of a tree, the man proving the best shot It .was then my turn to fire again, the man stand ing on my right side, close to me. i had the revolver loaded in my right hand, when from some cause or other, a chamber fired and the shot eutered the head of the man behind the ear. He jumped up and fell forward as i believe dead. i remained about five minutes, threw the revolver away, and turned the man over, when, finding lie did not move i became frightened and left, and went to Sydney. i remained there till the evening and then went to Newcastle, N.S.W., and afterwards shipped for Hongkong and then to England, arriving at Southampton by the Pekin steamship in September, 1877, my passage having been procured by the authorities of Hongkong, where i had been very ill. Since! came to England I have had no regular employ ment, having been in bad health, and attending Guy's and Charing-cross Hospitals. I have had no regular home, and have slept in lodging- houses wherever i have been, and am now desti tute. I wish to add that the shooting was a pure accident, and make this statement as i wish the man's friends to know how be met his death. i have never felt settled since it occurred, and gave myself up that' the matter may be.investi- gated. The landlord of the house served as with drink, and saw us leave together. i know nothing more of the man i shot, who was about thirty-six years of acre, five feet five inches high, stout, fresh complexion, hair aud whiskers red, and lie looked like a stockdriver." The police inspector said the prisoner seemed quite coherent and in his right senses when making this state ment, and he now declared it to be quite ttue. Mr. Newton said if the pistol went off by acci dent it was no murder ; but he would grant a remand. A strange occurrence took place a few weeks back at Carraboblin, Burrangong Station, by which a man was rescued from an untimely end and by which we are enabled to convey to the ; world the intelligence of the discovery of anew 'antidote. From what we can gather, it seems that a foreigner was employed on the station as cook to the shearers, who indulged rather freely in the pastime of tormenting him by jocular sar casm, which he took so much to heart that he determined to take his departure from this " miserable vale of tears" and try his luck for " the sweet by-and- by." For this purpose, how ever, he provided himself with a bottle of strych nine, went into the hut, and deliberately swal lowed a teaspoonful of the poison. His mates happened to enter the hut very soon after the deed was committed, and, seeing the unfortunate man almost in the fit of convulsions that usually attacks people after taking a dose of strychnine,, enquired what was the matter, when he had in formed them that he had taken poison. Qne of them took a glass containing some iguana oil that stood close at hand, and poured some of it down the throat of the foreigner. This was sbcceeded by some cohious vomiting, during which the strychnine was ejected from the. stomach and the man placed out of danger. — Parkes Chronicle. The stories of men whose age is considerably over a hundred generally come from districts in which verification is impossible. Never, per haps, even from such districts, has a candidate for the age of one hundred and eighty'years been presented, but one is offered for our credence in tlie person of a citizen of Bogota, in San Sal- Sador. We are told th&t; he only confesses to this age; but his neighbours, v ho must be better able to jadge, affirm that he is consider ably older than he says. He is half bred, named Michael Solis, and his existence is testified to by Dr. Hernandez, who was assured that when one of the " oldest inhabitants" was a child this man was recognised as a cantenarian. His signature in 1712, is said to have been discovered of those of persons who assisted in the construction of a certain convent. Dr. Hernandez frund this wonderful individual working in his garden. His skin was like parchment, his hair as white as snow and covering his head like a turban. He attributed his long life to his careful habits.; eating only once a day, for half an hour, because he believed that more food than could be eateu in half an hour could not be digested in twenty- four hours. He had been accustomed to fast on the first and fifteenth of every month, drinking, on those days as much water as possible. He ate the most nourishing foods, and took all things cold — -Lancet. A Virginia City man, who formerly taught in a school in Honey Lake Valley, has been telling why he left that rural region. While employed as teacher, it seems he " boarded around," and one night, while at the house of an old ranch man, gave one of his boys some extra instruc tions in geography. The old man overheard him telling the boy that the earth turned round once in 24 hours, and "kicked against it." He Baid he had heard such stuff talked, but there was nothing in it, as he could prove. He filled a tin cup with water and set it om the top of his gate-post, saying, "Now, young feller, if the world flops over,- as you say, the water will be all out of that cup in the morning, and you will be right ; if the water is still in the cup, I'll be .right, and the world don't flop over." The water was found in the cup, and the old man jtriumphantly exclaimed, " Thar — give me corn- imon sense any time against hook-larnin' !" /Word went forth in the neighbourhood that the 1 teacher was an ignoramus, and he was invited to " take a walk." Baron Berlepsch, in several different ex- : periraentB to find out how many eggs are daily deposited by the queen bee, discovered that she i laid 1,604 eggs in 24 hours, as the result of the first. In the second, she deposited on an aver age 1,913 daily for the space of 20 daye. In the third she deposited on an average of 2,400 daily for the same length of time. In the fourth one, she deposited 3,021 in 24 hours. She was seen by him to deposit six eggs in one minute. A writer in the National Live Stock Journal states that a gentleman told him, at the Illinois State Fair, that he had known a queen to deposit an average of 3,800 eggs daily for several days. As to his own experience, lie had known 1,500 eggs to be deposited within the short spnee of four hours. " Whilst I was reading at Moulmein," says General Fytche in his recent work at Burmah, " I saw a ghost with my own eyes in broad day light, of which I could make an affidavit. I had an old school fellow, who was aftei wards a college friend, with whom I had lived in the 'closest intimacy. Years, however, had passed iaway, without our Beeing each other. One morning I had just got out of bed and was /dressing myself, when suddenly my old friend entered the room. I greeted him warmly, told him to call for a cup of tea in the verandah, and promised to go with him immediately, I dressed myself in all hasto and went out into the veran dah, but found no one there. I could not be lieve my eyes. I called to tne Bentry, who was posted at the front of the house, but he had seen no strange gentleman that morning. The ser vants also declared that no such person had en tered the house. 1 was certain I had seen my friend. I was not thinking about him at the time; yet I was not taken by surprise, as steamers and other vessels were frequently ar riving at Moulinein. A fortnight afterwards news arrived that he had died, six hundred miles off, about the very time I saw him at Moulmein. It is useless to comment upon this story. To this day I have never doubted that I really saw the ghost of my deceased friend." A boarding-house keeper in Sydney a pour lone widow— got into the hands of those blood suckers, the Jaw loan office men, and for the loan of £300 had to repay £550 in instalments of £25 per month. I||l " P ' " VjJohn Robertson's resignation of his Tjla jifdgee, remarks the Herald, rumonrs pn in circulation -to the effect that, if re- k he would again take his place in the 5ag| ply. . _In an. advertisement which appears .ther coiumnrSir John 'Btates tliat » under cWnsideration will he consent to take that position if re-elected. .-He hopes that no friend will propose him for re-election, and, if pro posed, that no friend will vote for him. It is wellrknown that Princess Alice was the cleverest of the Royal family,1 and her father's favorite. She was a : sculptor of - more than ordinary skill, and one of the best amateur art ists in Europe. A good political. joke is going the rounds too good to be lost. Jacobs, it is asserted, tele graphed he was lndisposedr- — ; — the blank meaning to take office with Jack Robertson. .The meaning that was- put- upon the telegram by the knight is well known. - stadt, 25th November, 1868. Prince Frederick Wilbelm August Victor Leopold Ludwig. Born at Darmstadt, 7th October, 1870 ; died 29th May, 1873. . Princess Victoria Alice Helena Louise.- Born at Darmstadt 5th June, 1872 ; baptized there 1st July, 1872. Pnncesss Maria. Victoria Feodore Leopoldine. Born at Darm stadt, 24th May, 1874. Hodloway s Pills. — Though good health is preferable to high honour, how regardless peo- . pie often are of the former — how covetous of the latter! Many suffer their strength to drain away ere maturity is reached, through ignorance of the facility afforded by these incomparable Pills of checking the first untowed symptoms of derangement, and reinstating order without in terfering in the least with their pleasures or pur suits. To tlie young especially is it important to maintain the highest digestive efficiency, without which the growth is stunted, the inus- cleB become lax, the frame feeble, and the mind slothful.. The removal of indigestion by these Pills is so easy, that none save the most thought less would permit it to sap the springs , of, life. , In portions of Norway and Sweden and in : Iceland the .wool is plucked from - the sheep's back instead of being shorn, the' sheep being starved for a few days previous to the opera1 tion. - ExtrTordinary results have attended the trial of an Armstrong 6-inch, gun at Shoeburyness. This gun, which ways only 70 cwt.j but fires a very heavy charge in an enlarged chamber, for the preclusion of a Comparatively light projec tile, has ' succeeded in penetrating an 11 -inch iron target, with energy to spare calculated as nearly equal to another, inch of metal. Referring to the sufferers by the failure of the "Glasgow Bank, " Atticus," Writing in the" Melbourne Leader, says-:-—' " I regret to see that a .Victorian squatter residing in the Western district is . one of tlie victims. He is a gentle man' spoken well of by 'everyone for his public ; spirit and open-handedness f and the trouble that comes upon him at the' close bf an honour able and useful life will excite tlie sympathies of all. A call of £600 per share lias been al ready' made, and others of course will speedily follow." -v.: .::: -. ' The Scientific Amercian says : — A lady in Springfield, - Mass., according to the Union, has ; been making some experiments in putting up . canned goods without cooking. Heating the fruit tends more or less to the injury of the flavour, and the lady- referred to has found that by filling the cans with fruit and then with pure cold water, and allowing them to stand until all the confined air has escaped, tlie fruit will, if then sealed perfectly, keep indefinitely: without change or loss of original flavour. Some of our.;.( Courier) readeiVmay perhaps remember that about this time last year a cor respondent who was the possessor of a vine on which were 400 odd bunches of grapes offered through our columns to present a new hat to -anyone who could produce a more, prolific vine. Mr. .Charles D. Barber, of Consuelo, ; Rolleston, now writes to us to say that, bavins: j won the hat with a vine that bore over 700 odr bunches (without counting small ones), he wil -have great pleasure in sending a hat to anybodj who cap show a vine with more than 737 buncheu of grapes on it, that being the number he ha counted tin's year on the plant- nientioiiet above. It is shocking, but it. is a fact, that one of tla chief causes of our unpopularity in Cabul i.i 1840-2 was the fondness of the Afghan ladiq. for the British uniform, or rather its wearers The Afghanees, indeed, had " scarlet fever" a badly as young ladies in country quarters. Ani as the Afghan ladies, so long as they veil them -selves closely, are allowed a great deal of liberty the inhabitants of the zenana were not unwill ing to pay visits to Christian quarters. Till Afghan -husbands objected. So if we occnii' Cabul again there will be more work for thft busiest of judges, Sir J aines Hannen. . It wil .give me a pleasing variety to D.C. reports t> read the names of frail Afghanee co-responj- ents. ' With reference to the 1400 millions of rouble which Russia claims from the Porte as wa indemnity, it is stated from Berlin that it is pro posed that payment shall be exacted in monej of only 200 millions. The remaining 1200 mil lions are to be allowed for as having been paii by the cession of territory. But the Russiai Government demands payment in money of thv /residue, which is made up of two claims of 101 millions each— one on behalf of the Government the other on behalf of Russian merchants whi have suffered loss by the war. In addition the above-named indemnity, Russia, it is said; demands that the Porte shall repay to the Danube Commission half a million rof francs exdended in -removing obstacles from the Led, of tlie -river and restoring its navigatableness. The Vienna Politische Correspondenz publishes a statement that Russia offers to guarantee the integrity of Turkey. . Prince Lobanoff, the Russian Ambassador, is understood to. have told the Turkish' Ministers that, Austria being hostile and England unreliable, they could not do better -than make common cause with Russia, the least aggressive of the three. Me. Fiioude. in an article on " Science and Theology— ancient and modern," which appears ia the current number of the Intel-national Review. sums up hip hopes for the future of religion in the following words:- " Man's nature is the same as it always was. Science lias much to teach us, but its message is not- the last nor the highest. If we may infer the future from -the past, a time will come when we shall cease to be dazzled with the thing which we call progress, -when increasing wealth' will .cease to satisfy, nay, may be found in capable of being produced or preserved except when relegated to a secondary place, when the illusions which have strangled religion shall be buret awav and the immortal part of it restored to. its rightful sovereignty. A long weary road may lie before us. Not easily will an inviolable atmosphere of rever ence form again around spiritual faith 'to warn off the iDsolent intruder. Piety, reverence, humble ad oration of the great maker of the "world, are in themselves so. beautiful that religious faith might have remained for ever behind that, enchanted shield, if .imaginative devotion could have kept within bounds its wild demands upon the reasoii. Not till Catholics had piled superstition oil super stition not till Protestants had elaborated a specu- ative theology which conscience as well as intel- ect at" length flung from it' as incredible, did the angels which guarded the shiine fold their . wings and fly. The Gardeu of Eden , is "desecrated now bj the trampling of controversy, and no ingenious re conciliations. of religion and science, no rivers of casuistic holy water, can restore the ruined loveli ness of traditionary faith. But the. truth which is in religion will' assert itself again as it asserted it self before. A society without God in the heart of it is not permitted to exist ; and when once more a .spiritual creed has established itself which men can act on ih their lives, and believe with their whole souls, it is to be hoped that they will have : grown' wiser by experience, and will not again leave the most precious of their possessions to be ruined by the extravagances of exaggerating cre- idality." ; :< : - ' ' A capital gronndwork for a sensatibh'hovel was . laid in Bhortland,"N;Z., "the other day.-'.': If 'a'ppears -that a young. tnan.frqm .the country. was smitten By the. charms of .one "of. Eve's daughters resident 'at.a Grahamgiqwa hofel, and 'after; a short court- sbipjt w lolvthat they should be united Iu Hymac's boD37 ,.;)f®ns were given to the fickle- mind:Qniatnora4>'.j. )\edding drqss'provided.'and tlie, <o, adding- to business; /when, alasjhe-fickte-®1? -damsel, withoutnny apparent t . r- a en, returned tn Presents, stating she had no in tention of mnrryide'Jhs young man.. Some intima tion of the change-acheK him,. so without delay; he sadUled hii herS | and at the risk' of his neck, sought m iDtcrvjew vyith the fickle fair one, and ..once more prete''ct/ ;"P?U her to- unite' her lot with Ins. Bearing inVW adage.- ' strike the iron while it is hot,'" ne p once took out a license, and, accompatnedby 1B,T. :nded wife, bridesmaid, aDd > best ,inanJ-pmce6de<Ht0. chnroh, had the-liymeneal knot "tied, and procojded to their temporary home, but, unexpected depuement, . at about dnsk the newly- vedned wife tole away from the house, and left tlntjridegroQn?,Jm.enilng. The young man is still looking outfor.pWife.- ' ' / I"1' "said thai n ®tv councillor of large di mensions looked lnjit tlie Melbourne Supreme Court during the trfel of David-Henry. " What's goingou ?" lie imlired of the constable at the .door. > << qq,e einbrafery cas,e sir." said No. 17. " A!," pjaciilntedthe inquirer, the demi monde ngnm 1 It h stated in Mel join lie that a letter has been sent h; Edward Kelp- -to -Mr. Cameron,' M.L.A.- It besn the Gle»Wwan post mark, and is written jn red ink a details the whole of the ' writers life> ani16 irned " Edward Kellv. the forcedoutlaw,'' and mikes some charges-against the palice The coitents will not be made public until the docitnent is seen by the au thority, 1 . A correspondent of ihe Evening News justi-. fies tin conduct of the temperance magistrates at thoiicensing meetifo, on the ground " that the number of public jouses already licensed in Sydney and suburbs ji entirely unsafe 'for the social, moral, and wel|,)eing of the people ", , . . The Herald snys;UOn Monday detective. Lyons, assisted by detclive Camphin, e'a'pt'iired J two i ne n wli o are .. be i y.e d to have coii.iuiitted.. an exteum rpbliwy 'qiicatlier;1 appearh tiiat- some days ao a inohjif ab.ont 40.. cattle .was inissed from the. Atjilong ; station, which is- owned by Mr. Charts Dailiy Bardwell,; of . Oberce, near Tarcuttai' Last" Friday week Mr. Butler, tlie superintentont, saw them safe'in the paddock, where there |rere, qver 63 head in all, and oa the following fionday . he missed about 40 ofthem. The fencs'weie all up then as if nohting had happened hut on searching around Mr. Butler came upori a bullock "belonging to the nob about seven niles away from the pad dock ind in the directim of Cootamundra Fol- Iowirg .this' 'clje-i he ascertained that ?some stnti.m cattle had beensent hlo'ng the line from Coofifnundra,1 iindh'i -at once proceeded to Sydnty and coniniunicited with the detectives, and tie. result was thai the cattle were eventu- \- ally bund at Hornebush with the station brand BX i'pon theni'/ V'itij the numbers on the . shouliers, no nltemptj at obliteration having ' been ihade. Tiiey had been, it 'Whs discovered, consigned to Messrs. i Harrison, - Jones, and Devlin. The detectives named experienced , somedifficultyin finding any claimants for the cattle, and of course h.-jd to act cautiously to prevent ,the men slipping away. Detective Lyort at last hit ii'pbh' q r use whiclr/had the .de-; siredeffect.. Mr. Uevliji went about the sale- yardnvith an open booi tn his hand inqniring for tie owners of a particular brand of cattle. Frombehind a fence a man, who gave bis name as Join Larkius, a faniier, came up and said he was tie owner ; ;aiid detective Lyons then in formal him he was a cetective officer, and asked if he could, sntisfactonly /account 'for, the pos session of thb cattlb, nd1 he .-replied :itv tlie af- firmaiive, producing a.free pass which had been Issued to travel With c'ai, tie. 'There was, another man in company with liiiii, whir tried to slink away when he saw hov: things we're going, but detective Camphin had his eye upon him, and challenged liini with hiving been with Larkins, upon which he said that Larkins, had engaged hiui at Cootamundra to help him with the cattle. He/also \vas,ai;rcsted, gave his name as John Brownlnaaescnbd himself as-a horse-bteaker. The charge' oh "tyhidi |ie two men wereiarrested was that of having stqen 39 head of cattle, the property of Charles Ditby Bardwell. .. ; K " ir - - - 