I f#e Sîî&nea; iNorctas $eial&. SATURDAY, APRIL 27, 1878. I IN the I CRislntivc Assomblv, vtstcrdnv, Minister-, nnsucied numerous- questions. Mr I StiTittiiLAND unid that pinna, sections, ntl books of rcftiencp tor the coiitinuntitm of tue >oithcrn line bejond laiuMorth would be lind on tilt, table tibout the Oth ot Muv, M Inn he «ould be ) rcpaied to ask piirliitLUcntarv sanction for the feuther extensions north ii nrd i etiuons were pnseiueil by Sir IIBNUV PAHXB» froiu the Cit) Municipal Council azurnst the btoik bille V. urda Bill, bv Mi 'ltuia, from, lnhabiiuiits ot Arimdide, in nu oui uf opening tho Librarv and Museum on öunduvs , b\ Mr W11 HAM DAVIE«, from 1UU0 mouibus of the \S t»lc) nn chu«h ac,nnibt the opening of these institutions, bv Mr ¿nu unto, from uihabitants of Wellington against the (tile of liquors un btinUiiTJ »ir O lew moved that the House go mto Committee of the \\\ hole to consider the piopiict) of alurunng a lesoluuon Unit, having io¡,aid lu the n^ncultuinl, pastoial, and mineral wealth mid population ot the districts of llliiwnrru, Kiama und Shoalhaven, a rad- ii BJ ouv.ht to be constructed fiom bidncy tu Jervis lln\ Mr M ËiuoNE urged that the House shouhl ncka ttve this motion, and said tint »ir Alexander Stuart and ¡sir John Hobcrtson «tie chicnj interested m tins project as the owners of coil lind. Mr COIELAND bcheied that the motion fcr going into committee would not linvc been curiitd hid time been n lull House Hie proposed line would um pu illcl with tile co ist foi ninetv miles, und at a dis- tance ut from tvvenlv to tlintv miles A railvinv I10111 Svdncv to Hie Northern Uno would be the mo«t piotitnblc that could be constructed, but this line would be unpiolifiblc and would onlj benefit puiutc cuni owners, most of whom hid obtained the land BJ a iree "tout Captain ONSIOVV lhouDht it unwise 111 the House to take the pob v of raihiav construction out of tile hands of the Government He desired to sec nul- li n \ 3 constructed nil over the tountiv, but theio were mun} other distuct« 111 which lc^s public leone», had been spent thau llliwairi and which had groutcr chums to consideración 110m the uo» eminent Mi CAMERON- claimed th it the proposal should be coi sidcred on its merits, and not as it n'feacd the íuteicsis ot particular pirsons The opposition to thu hut linu come tlitdlv trout ¿xouhcrn mcmbcis mid coal 011 mr-,, who, though advocates of free nod , lndustrioush represen ed that the wnnes ot the colliers vi ould b» leduced bv the. ton s ruction ot this )m>, as if the úpenme; ot new uvei uesof einpluv ment viould novinthu hue the ccntiiuv eilccl We weic I milling our mun line«, anil t'ie co-iati uctuin of n hue to the fertile di tuet ut Mi«aira would 11 10 »n mtciieic with them lins line «ould cheapen the menus ot liveli- hood to the 1101 »m0 men ot »idnej, n id reduce the price ol coal Iheiewns noicason for delrv on the "íouna tliat tlie Government had not unfultled their poliev, for most of the railwav extensions h id be-m uneiuated diiectlv b) the House While theGovern mcut lind a large 'uiplus on loan with the banks and I were importing laboui, thev were bound to enter upon undertakUigs such ns the mnking of railvvavs troiu Ov dnev to lila»»arru and to Newcastle Mr riuscíEHFoiiu contended that the construction of the second line runmn0 parallel with the coast must hinder the construí nun uf lines to the nth li nels of the intciior, which, w nen dev eloped bv raihvuv coinuiunication, would groi» all the breadstulls v»e now imponed lntcnoi lines weie also needed to prev ent the total div ersion of our trade to the neigh bouim_ colonies Mr Crii-b WOOD thought a pood prima facie casa had been made out for gomt, nito commutée ïhe soone we hul milwajs ironi isjdnei to Newcastle and from bidnev to Ulan an i the belt°r Mi CHAKI.! s w as rtron¡,1} in tnvour of completing the trunk lines but Illawarra was moie densely populated, nnd could show a 0rcater prospect ot trutht, than mi) othci district without dneet railway commuiueation Ile retened to the mineral resouices of the cliituct and contended thnt a profitable traine would be dei eloped, and a larger export ti ado m eoal created Dr UeiwjêEit opposed th» motion because it was far more important tnat the main lines should be con structcd There were lnanv other districts whith had a greater chum to railnus communication thun Illawarra, und it was not becuuse WL had a large suiplus that We should squ mder it in tu ikin¿ a rad- ioed toa disu-ict which ahend\ had the benefit of cheap tiain.it In water lins railwaj, b\ piodueui;, coiupc iCion in the LO ti trade Mould reduce the wa"es ot colliers I Mr Hossm corilialh supported the motion fo i,oiu" into committee Hie population nlieidv in the dr-trtct justified the ccnsiruttion ot the woik but Upon the eonipltlion of theiailwus it would «oon be quadrupled Mr MACINTOSH ropljing to Dr Bowker, con- demned v»ie ¡Sewcastle cool monopolj, which com pelled the t^ople of bj dn j to pit} 6s pei ton moie lor their coal uian there «as an\ real necessity ror, while at the sam» ume the miners got less wildes thun an\ other tlasi The harbours of Wollongong and luuuia were unvoiths ol the lnme, and the const ran0e ot mountains formed an impassable bar ner between these coast districts and the main Southern line lix M CLLLOCH also supportea tie motion ihe resolution was n"reeil to-t,ies2l, noes 19 and the House went into committee Mr GitAi in submitting the lesoluttow, contended that the Northern members and the member jor 2\ew castle weie is much actuated bl local interests ns the supporters, of tins luouon but he rested his claim to this railw u\ on the ground that it would benetit the whole coimnunitA, and 0reatlj increase the expoit trade of &sdne;% In the event of war it would be possiblo for cruisers to cut off the coal supph or ¡5)dne> while hostile ships could obtain all the coal thci lequirod If, howeter, ramil» commumeauon esisted between Ilhivun i and Sidney and jNuuastlc und b}dne} that coula not be done Mr Holt Mr ¡"tuart, and otheis lind oheicd to ¿,1t e all the land required loi this rail« u , and the dot eminent had 100,OUO acres of lind leseried whi'h woud sell at the rate of £11) pei acre Ihe hou member discussed the ex pectations of traihe and concluded that the line would be imniedntely profitable He did not desire that the House should sanction the con sanction of the talina} this session but sunpl} tint the ¿oveiainent should include this railway in thm policj Sir HENEY PAUSES did not believe that the people of Illawarra had any interest in this railway, although they had been employed to "brnament the question and make it popular. This line was wanted to develop coal properties halfway be- tween ¿Sydney and Illawarra ; but it was not the business of the State to develope one piiv.tte in- terest aganitt another, lie admitted that llluivniiu was a very beautiful and fertile district, bat it was also very limited, and was not ol that im- portance to justify the expenditure of £2,u00,000 lor the construction ol a railway. Unyarulled influence had been brought to bear upon hon. members because of the gigantic interests at Btake. Twelve months ago only twelve members could be got toi ote for this railway, and were hon. members now going befóte the country tarnished with the suspicion of bending beneath tliis sinister influence ? Subsidised newspapers had sup poi ted this line, but it never awakened any popular bcntiment in its favour ¡ und in view of the lcgitimuto demands of the vast inteiior districts none, but a manipulated Fniliament could say that this railway was the most provident use to which the public money could be applied. If he were in favour of this project, he should «still be compelled to vote egabist the resolutions, on the ground that it would be unfair to attempt to embarrass the tiovemment by dictating their policy during this session. After some remark» from Sir. MM?La:o:;i and Mr. COPELAND, Mr. GKAÏ said that this railway would make Sydney the greatest coal sort ia the Sonthtun Mr. FAKXKU, eald that the Mb Mgutaent L this nu way was to supply cheap coal to Sidney hut wo had the îvotthem aid Wc«tcrn Une» going through eoal-held«, and there was "a reason why we should spend two million« mid ß hall to make this lailwax. If "11 üie coal no« \T7ù in tho colony were carried on this Illawarra »ilwnv it would not pay one pei cent, on the cost of the rad .un>. Ihe colon} ali cads raised more coal thun thera wus a demand for, and there was nothing whateiei to justit} the committee in initiating a vast espeudltura when they had no accuiato estimate of probable cost After some further discussion, Air. WiNuriMimoiedthft the chairman leave tlw />ii JOHN BoiiEitisoN- replied to the allegation« of Sn Henry Parkes, in lesncct to the piessuie of private, interests upon lion, meinbei,, and supported the «solution» lor the loason that the proposed lino would onh gue to the Southern toul-Wds simdar facilities which were gnen to the conl-Held» of tho Ilutitcr district, mid because tlun would muka I Milne) a great coil port, as the Northern coal-fleldj had made Newcastle. After some discussion, in which b-ir Hn.Mii PAUKE« Sir JOHN KOUHITSON, Dr. Bow KUI, Mr. WUCIA» D n IL», and Mi. M'Et HONE took part, A personal altercation took place, in which Mr M'LLIIOM. was cluelU concerned» The Colonial j bcyctar) called intention to the presence of i-tinngers and the galltr) w ni cleared at hnlt-pnst I o'clock. ' [2Vic House u as sttll uUoy tc/it-ti tie icejii to prat]. I -- ? . I IN yesterday's issue wo published tho final i repoit of tho official inquiry into tlio stranding I of tlie Chiinborn/.o. At tho preliminary ia« ' quiry that was hold last week, it was found tlutt the accident was caused by the wrongful j act or de-fault of tho captain and of the third | mato, the default of the former being that he navigated the ship too close to the shore, and that of the latter that lie neglected to take proper precautions for her biifoty when the loy caine on. Tho voidict of the Marino líoaid, last week, in .the caso of the captain, was that his extra certificat» from tho Hoard of Trade bo suspended for six calendar months. Tho verdict given on Thursday last, in the enso of the mate, was " a severe repri- mand, and a caution to bo mort» careful in future." Tho judgment of a body like tho Marino Board is usually accepted as that oE public authorities, und as that of experts. If the verdict in the present instance is a right one, the stranding of tho Chi m ooraro is buta repetition of the folly to which wo have so often had to call attention, aud to which we» may have to îefer again and again unies» some steiner regulations as to the courses ol vessels ure laid down, cither by ship com- panies or by the public authorities. It ia no1 by any means a pleusaut roilectiou that so largo .1 number of tho vessel« that ore lost or stranded in theso waters como to gt-iof not through stress of weather or tho breaking-down of machinery, or through any uneontrollablo causo whatever, but through hugging tho shore or neglecting to take proper pieoeUitions in ti fog. Fortunately tho strand« ing of the Chimooraro was not attended with a.'iv io«} of life, or with any very alarming sacri lieu eil piopertyj and when this is the case the public usually pass on, feeling that nothing very calamitous has happened. But the causes that may lead to nothing more serious than the smashing of one of a ship's com- partments in one instance may lead to a calamity that will atVect thousands of pockets and carry trouble into thouaand-5 of homes in another, and for this reason the case of the Chitnbora/o cannot be regarded as other than a serioufa one. As we have alroady intimated, the public will bo content to leavo the technical side oí the subject to the authorities ; ou the value oi the evidence which we have laid before oui reuders, however, any man muy form his own opinion. The case against tho mute was that* he failed to take proper precautions in a fog, and that partially because of this the Chimborazo went on to the rocks. The proper precautions in a fog, according to the regulations of the Board of Trade, are to, whistle and go slow. It was not contended that the third officer of the Chimborazo did this ; the contention was, first; of all, that he had no time to de it. " 1 Saw no danger till the fog came," lje said, '. and then there was no time." Now, according to this officer's own showing, the fog carno, on twenty, or at least nineteen minutes before the ship struck, and in nine- teen, minutée a ship going at tho speed of twelve kuots nu hour travels about four miles. In his ovidenco given las! week, Mr. DAY said that the Chimborazo struck at live minutes past 11 o'clock. Tites« aro hi» words : " Passed light W. ¿- N. 10.25, struck 11.5, gono six bells." Ia his ovidenco on Thursday ho stated that the captain waa on the bridge until 10.30, and that the fog caine over n-bout ten minutes after ho loft the bridge. The following are the mate's words : "Tho captain was there all the tima till 10.SU a.m. ; wnen I first sow the fog come over, about ten minutes after ho left the bridge, I sent for tho captain." Thus, on the mate's own showing, there was nineteen minutes between tho timo tho fog carne and the timo of di« vessel's striking, and yet forsooth he did no1 alter her speed because he had no time. 1-rotn the evidence of the chief-engineer we gather that " it would take from eight to tea minutes to stop tho vessel go'uig full speed-" Between tho coining over of the fog and tua ship s striking, thoiei'ore, there was at Icust sufficient time to stop her twice over. Thora is a discrepancy in all this which certainly neods explaining. Again, it -was pleaded by and on behoil of the third mate that if ho had liad tuno to alter tho course ot the ship lia would nof have been at liberty to do so. Ao a reason for his not going slow when the fog carne up, the mato said.. " I wanted the captain's judgment ; I hare never been allowed to act on my own judgment." If this was really the ca0e-if tliera were any rules or usage» on board the Chimboriuo by which a responsible officer had no liberty of action under circumstances like those desciibed, it -would certainly liavo been monstrous ! Of what uso can any officer of a ship bo if lie lias no powet to act on an emergency in a captain'« absence? Ho ceitainly could not bo ra gauled as a responsible officer at alls But, in his evidence given last week, Captain HALL stated not only that the ofticers of tha watch, aro at liberty to act for themselves in cases of emergency, but that the3' are required to do so : and this evidence was sustained by tho second mate. It is expressly enjoined, the captain said, that in case of his absence fiom the bridge, tho officer of tho watch acts for himself, and reports at ouco to bim. According to thi3 it was the duty of the third mate, when lie sent the quartermaster and the fourth mato for the captain, to have acted foi himself, as the contingency requiied, until the captain anived. This lie did not do, ahd tutu when the captain appeared tho vessel was nearJLns* the breakers. In his ovidonce OB fhtmda? th# thfrd mato intimated that he fin, not «cvi-ot) «peed when tho fog carno, rieauM h» v 1--I not «.How < d to act for himself, bit in lu» tvitlíur'» nj»t wock x10 gave us to rn lcrotni à iba I»" had not seen the ship's reeulktitmii »«»gn-rlinf» w.uvt was lo bo done in 0 fog, and that he did not ov en know what t'icv vere Ih-ro is auieh something ivroag 111 »11 t-hi i nu<l tho ovidenco mien BA to tho micniigemont of tho Chimbo tvo will no1 tend to lticroaso public cou- . fitoco tn ram ^al 11 annercment gencrnllv | i'te eise ot the < aptatn is a much moro »implo cno, and tho Manna Hoard have ¡ifhth regí ded it as a much mort seno is | cue than th"t of the mate \ utuall\ («ptam H vi 1 admitted the churge of navi 1 atm^r his ship too near tho land, ilthough Jc hat di j confessed hu default, mid the fanknes vvitli which tho captain has ad- mitted what ho convidéis his er-oi has nolublv ended to inpiea=o public svmpathj cn his boba f lho captain savs that tho ourse he laid down ou ¿lit to ha 0 tal»en hu 1 n les fioni tLe land, and 111 lus cuchuco on Unir tlnv the thud nute sud," Vf ei I got on boro 1 woil ed out t' cross beatings , Ihoj placed the jlup ou und a half ot two milee of Hut he til HO SJV»., "I did not Lnow at tho time thciv was nnv indraft bt t I know as a rule anv 11 aa bav ha« an indi aft " Vii the captains vvlio convu "a with Captain HAIL at Jovis Lav seemed to 1 now that Ibero was a strong inset of tho cur- rent m that quaiter >»ot onl so, the captain «va that he hams If found thoie had been a -*rong inset th_ nijbt betöre the Chtuiboi i/o itruc1 'hit, ncti lthstaudiug nil tim n, rcs'tdseems to ha\e been navigated if 1 ot as | though there was 110 inset of the curre it I at all, coi ta ml v as though there, was no danger whatever from sucli an incet This the captain regtrds as "au error of judgment " lhat s nuttinl cuough No man should ho imlged hushlv foi taking tho mildest view of his ovv u cast, but the Manne Bo'itl ha* foi ml that, so tai as the c ptaiu Iras concerned, tho Uumbotavo s disaster m3 Iratenblo rathei to eiupablc negligence than to mere error of judgment md, while f ullv aw aie 9Í the high qualities of the captain, »nd his great reputation as a navigator, thoo who have follovvel the inquiry winch dosed on fhursdav ure likelv to full} endorse this view of the matter Whether the punishment which the captain »ud the mate have received is proportionate lo the gravity of their offence, and is calcu- lated to strengthen the sense of responsibility Ia those who bring such vessels as the Chitu borazo to these ports, or not, is a difficult point 'or landsmen to decide, and therefore we do not wish to dogmatise about it. But to moat s£ the uninitiated it will certainly appear áíner tbat tho finding of the Marine Board tea* tx> large, or the verdict was too small, ffc aro quite aware that any verdict which Ihe Board might have pronounced, would have been but a Binall part of the punishment that rtrost necessarily follow the offence ; and if the Cliirabora/o was really stranded, and tap many lives on board were jeopardized by the default )f the captain and the third mate, as the ïarine Board say, a reprimand in the one 2se. and the suspension of a certificate for « monthi in the other, will justify the aference that in the matter of culpable mis- management on the part of tho.=e who have ¡he lives of the public in their custody there ¡s one law for the land and another for the (tater. SEST to our four asylums for the infirm and destitute precedence is given in the Keport of the Inspector of Charities to the two orphan schools at Parramatta ; in connection with which we may also conveniently notice the isylum at Handwick. Their relative position may be gathered from the following particu- lar« for 1$77 : Institutions. "badiiicl: A*-yl'tni FWesiant Oiubanaire . Umina Catholio Orphan-j m. Totti. Average No. of Children Expendi- ture. Cost £S,8St ¡ £15 14 3 3,S91 lo 3 10 4.6GS The expenditure on buildings and repairs is .tot included above, but from tho report and other documents wo notice that Parliament toted for the Protestant Orphan School build i £500 last year, and £1000 thÍ3 year ; for tie Roman Catholic Orphan School, £,300 last toar, and £1300 for tho present ; and in tho raso of the Handwick Institution, last year £¡148 of Government money was spent on .tpaixs and alterations, though without any rpecial vote being placed on the Estimates lhere is another point in respect to which the rjportdocB not give sufficiently definite infor- mation-tho amounts contributed respectively k Government and from private sources in npport of theso institutions. Failing that, wc ststfall back on the UKGiSTn.vn-iji:N-KRAL's .¡tams for 1870, from which wo loam that tile Government endowment of £"108 to the Uc tojiinatioual Orphanages for that year was not lttppleuieuted by any private contributions lïhiioior, but that the grant of l'â042 to lîautlwiok was augmented by Ü2Göti from l'rivate sources. The boil woy to estimate lui) cost to tho public is to take the sums jwled for the present year, and divide them I (y tho number of children rcpoited as present In the Slet of December, which gives the 'Wing results : ItuUlutionl. I Mujclt As)lnm .... ««iiitiation ti Ort'Uaa *.. i üoveru- I Cost No. of nirnt nor Ch.lJr«n. G mut. Head. 6ÏS 693 £?1,000 I ¿lo 11 6 9,800 10 10 0 Tola] £18,SC0 lililí 1 1 For thv ouvrent year, therefore, each child * tho Detiominattoual orphanages will coot '.*« country nearly one pound more than eacli Sild ia the Kandwick Asylum, notwithstnud »g the, fact that, so far as any returns have Ti piiblifched, maintenance appeai-3 to be «et ¡ira nita at the latter institution than «the fonuor. But here another explanation nmes necessary. Two years ago it was ?iac"* decided * to bring the Kandwick '?ylian. as p. school under the management of jj* Council of Education. This involves a sarge for last yoar equal to 11s. 8d. per head I» all children in tho institution. The .«Mil's repoit for the current year, which y& to be issued by this timo, will no doubt ¡*w kow beneficial the new arrangement has r®' and the Inspector of Charities enys, j 1 ton happy to state that a very marked rP'toemont in the intelligence and mental M tor"7 °£ tlw cllildren is apparent-dating, H believe, from the time their schooling waa s J*o regular, »and of improved quality.'' In J SMtl to the Orphanages, the only educational i**" »a school-hooka, wliicli-cosfc at tho rate o£ 3a. lid. and 4s. ll$d. per heul respectively at the Protestant and at tho Roman Catholic in- stitution. What other educational appliances aro in use, and with what results do not appear, for neither institution comes within 'the cognizance of tho Council at present. But the Inspector recommends thnt " their educational system should bo brought into closer agreement with tho other Denominational schools of the colony, which may be done without interfering with I or infringing upon tho special religious train- ing which tho children could obtain as mern ' bers of a household." I This suggestion opens up a question of much wider import. If the institution at Randwick, which is a private one, professedly assisted by Government only to tho extent of two pounds for each pound contributed from privato sources, and which according to tho returns of tho Council of Education for 1870, had within it 330 Church of Eng- land and 213 Roman Catholic children, and not one belonging to any other denomination, can bo organized and managed as a Public school, why should tho two orphanages at Parramatta, which aro supported entirely out I of public funds,remain purely Denominational institutions? Year by j'oor the item of £7000 put down on the Estimates for thoir maintenance is qualitlod by tho stipulation " pending decision as to their future organiza- tion," and yet the powers provided for examination by tho Act of 18G0 aro per- mitted to fall into abeyance. In " Totes and Proceedings " for the year ISC", an educational examination re- port appears in full in regard to both I schools, signed by ono of tho Council's in I spoctore. Why are tho public deprived of this test of educational elticiency now? Upon no just giounds can the managers of either orphanage claim public money with- out submitting to the full obligations of public responsibility. If regard be hud to the foundation of thoso institut! ns, tho claim of the public to coutroi the management is greater in respect of the Denominational orphanages than of tho Randwick Asylum, By tile Act 20 Vic, No. 19, passed on tho 23rd of February, 1SÖ7, tho " Society for the Relief of Destitute Children" was incorporated and vested with definite powers " for the protection, support, and moral and religious instruction of children deserted, or left destitute by dissolute and abandoned parents, or from other causes neglected, or in a state of great privation, and without adequate means of support.'' According to that Act of incorpora- tion the control of the institution is placed in the hauds of directors, legally elected by the subscribers. Yet there has been no difficulty in the way of making that institution a Pub He school, at least, none that could not be overcome by the vise of a little common sense. The orphanages have a history somewhat longer and much more compHcated. Thoy were founded out of the proceeds of the Church and School lands. By a charter dated 9th March, 1820, it was provided that all lands previously set apart " for the maintenance and education of malo or female orphans," and which at that time amounted to 12,902 acres at Cabramatta, Parramatta, Bathurst, and Sydney, should be vested in tho Church and School Lands Corporation thereby created, "in and towards the education of youth in the «aid colony, in the principles of the Established Church." That corporation w as dissolved in 1883, by an order in Council; and the trusts were modified so as to pprmit the revenue derived from such lands to be divided pro raia to population among all denominations willing to receive their quota. In 1884 an Act was passed enabling the Governor to " authorize and empower any two or more fit and proper persons to bind any of the mole or female children " in orphan schools as apprentices to suitable persons ; and this power of appren- ticing was further modified by the Act S Vic.j No. 2. This is about all the Statute Book contains bearing on the legal status of these orphan schools. Upon the revocation of tho chaiter îeforrod to tibove, the principle adopted by tlie Executive of the colony was that of conclurent endowment of all tho Christian denominations. But in 1802 that was super- , seded by tile principio of absolute religious equality in tho State upon tuo basis of non endowment. Yot it is since thon that these orphanages have gradually become purely sectarian Institutions. How many more Governments will continue to place the annual vote on tho Estimates with the quali- fication " pending decision as to their future organization," without having the courage or honesty to submit a decision to the House? For our own part, we aro of opinion that the best solution of this and all other difficulties in connection with our juvenile institutions will be found in some practicable boarding out system, in which destitute and orphan children may obtain the invaluable boon of a homo training, instead of a mechanical bar- rack disciplino, and so be fitted for domestic and social duties in that body politic of which they aro to become members for life. TUE Tvrnom SCAKX.-WE loam that the Honorable Michael Fitzpatrick (Colonial Secretary) has received a te'pgraiu to the ettect that typhoid fever has broken out at Boggabri. Late advices from Gunnedah are to the effect that there is little íe ison to apprehend any fresh outbreak of fever at Unit place ; and that, with the approach of cooler weather, the disease is becom- ing less virulent and «ill, it is hoped, soon cease to exist. We believe the Government have had prepared a memorandum indicating generally the precautions to lie taken to prevent the outbreak of fever, and these have been pruned at the Government Printing OtKce. The cases which have occurred are no doubt the result of tlie lons thought which has prevailed, andaré partly attributable to the impurity of the water c.iusècl by the mortality among stock. The sensa- tional telegrams which reach the Government, how- ever, have been such that it is difficult to understand how any humane Minister having a due sense of responsibility could do other wise than Mr. Fitzpatrick has done in sending nurses, for example, to the Kurrajong ; and yet there is good reason to believe that the facts in that case were grossly exaggerated. Immense injury must have been inflicted upon the Kurrajong by the some that was got up ; and, if rumour speaks truly, the couple of Infirmary nurses now in that neighbour- hood are nursing patients at the public expense who can well afford to pay for the attention they receive. Whether this report bo true or not, the experience gained must be i aluablo to the Government, and we do not suppose that while Parliament may continue to hand-food the pe pic, as it has done for years past, it will compel the G ovenuncnt also to undertake private nursing. Meanwhile, it is satisfactory to observe that the Cabinet are so much alive to the importnuce of public health that they are taking steps to reclaim that pesti- lential swamp at the head of Rushcutter's Bay ; and the Parliament and the Government deserve every credit for their readiness to deal with sanitary evils ! j winch have too long existed in the midst of this i { densely populated city. j PJIBSEKTVIIOX.-A telegram from Kiama states that an address and a purse containing 200 sovereigns were presented last night to the Rev. Matthew iCeogan, Roman Catholic clergyman, by his friends upon his departure for Europe for the* benefit of his health. Tlie testimonial was subscribed to bv all denomina «'"on» Nsw SocTn WALES AT THB PABIS EXKIWTIOI» - Professor Liversidge, writing from Paris on the loth March to a gentlemen connected with the Pan» Corn- I mission, givo9 the folio wing information respecting the arrangements on the part of New South Wales which will no doubt be read with interest >-" I was very much surprised to leam from Mr. Montefiore that he had not been able to do anything towards getting the requisite «how-cases made, although, as you will recollect, the money and. the instructions were for- warded from Sydney by the November mail. Yes- terday we received a telegram from Mr. roster re- questing the three of us {Professor Liversidge, Mr. E. L. Montefiore, and M. Sentis) now in Paris and form- ing a quorum to proceed with tho business ai quickly as possible. I dare say Mr Wilkinson will regret to learn that the llrituvh Commissioners have decided that all the gold trophies arc to appear in the form of obliques; hence the design forw arded bv the Mining Department will not be followed. I found that the new designs drawn up by Mr. Clarke had already been placed in hand n week or so previous to my arrival ; hence t e trophy stands a fair chante of being completed in time. I think the new design will prove v cry effoctn e, as it is to be raised on abase some l8 feet from the ground ; this base it is proposed to build up of tin and copper meots Mr Joubert is e\pec,cd here in three or four days' time from Italy, where he has been staving since his arrival The form of the cases for the mineral e\hibits will be similar to those sent to Philadelphia-only ten feet in length, instead of four feet. I sketched thom out vc-terday, and we hope to make contract for them to-day. We shall have to pay more on account of the limited time. The only packages which have jet arrived are those ex Whnmpoa, "G m number. On the whole, the exhibition building is in very for- ward state, and there is ever) hope that all will be completed in time for the opening ceremonv. I c\peet that the arrangement of Î» ew South Wales mineral exhibits will necessitate my remaining in Pani (with but a short interval to run liome) until the opening week. It is a thousand pines that eo much valuable time lias been lost in getting the show-cases made." DISTRICT COCIIT.-A number of ca sa. motions were disposed of yesterday, before Mr District Court Judge Josephton. In the case of burnell v. hands a nonsuit was entered. Handover v. Jacobs. Verdict for pl&mtilF;, üóU. Coulston v. Kel»cv : Claim for goods sold and delivered and taxes paid. A nonsuit was entered. Mr. Gannon for plaintilf ; Mr. bimp-on, instructed by Mr. Merriman, for defendant. Lawless v. liovd. No appearance. THE PnorostD SUBURIIAV RAILWA\ -The suburban rciidents appear to be dom" what the\ cm to secure the huvieit and assistance of thc*r representatives mel the Government in the matter of suburban rail«at construction With this view, a number of the electors of Cantcrbur\ met Sir Henrv Pari c" v e-,tcr day, at Dr Tucker s, Cook's Uiver, tor the purpose of »ho«ing to him and explaining whit thc\ con idercd the best, shortest, and cheapest route for the proposed suburban railway The party proceeded-some in vehicles some on horseback- towards Long Bonc'i , thence they followed up the imagman line to Rocks Point Iherrc» thej went to the punt, and lunched at Emerson s After a few toasts, the part) returned, evidently full? persuaded that they had hit upon the right track THE COAL TRIMMERS AT THE SIDNEY RAILWAY "WORKS -Mr Angus Cameron ULA, lateH pre «ented a petition on behalf of the coal trimmers at the Sydnev Railway Works, to the Hon John lutherlond, praving for a shortening, of their hours ot labour In response, Mr Cameron has recen ed the folio wing re- ply -" Department of Public 'Works Railway Branch, Sidnev, 20th April, 1S7S Su,-I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of a petition pre- sented bv vou from the coal trimmers at the Kodtom railway works, requesting that their hours ot labour mav be reduced trom ten hours to eight per dav, and to inform you that Mr Secretar) ?'Utherl milhas b^cn pleasjcl to approve of this request being complied with, nnd that the coal trimmers have been mtormed accord- ingly I have, *»c , C A GOOUCHAP, Commissiorer for Railways A Cameron, Esq, M P SHIPPING OP TUE PAST FORTNIGHT -The arrivals from foreign ports dtirmg the p~st lortnight hate been as follows -R M S S New "iork, from -an Fran- cisco, Cit>r of Melbourne (' ), from Noumea, Vdolph, brig, from Samoa , Haddington, barque, from Mart Point Brisbane («? ), from Hongkong, Ocean (s ), from Hongkong The departure» for foreign ports were as follows -Vernon, ship, for London, Loch Doon, barque, for San Francisco, William Manion, barque, from Honskong, Wentworth (s ), for Fi]i, California, barque, for San Francisco , Lecha cutter, for South Sea Islands, Pactole, birque, for Ne« Caledonia, "Sormanbv (s ), for Singapore Strathdon, barque, for London, Ariel (s ), for Fiji, t îty of Manchester, barque, for Manila , \\\ indsor Castle, ship, for London, Mary Hick, barque, for Valpa- raiso , Kalakau, barque, for Honolulu , Isabella, barque, for South Sea Islands, Star of Peace, barque, for Huon Island , R M S S Australia, for San Fran- cisco The intercolonial passenger tra fie for tbe same penod was as follows -Arrivals from Melbourne, 520, departures to Melbourne 390 Arrivals from Brisbane, 500, departures for Brisbane, 2G0 ATTEVITEI) SUICIDE - Information reached the police yesterdav that a man lamed treal, of Lawson i ree*. Balmain, n labourer, attempttd to commit suicide, on Thursdav, b\ cutting his thront with a knife It appears thut on the afternoon a Mrs Low e found Treal lung on the floor ot a room ni SI* fiallagher s house at Bulmam, with his tlirbat cut, and a ' ni e 1) mi bv hu side Dr Jones MIS calle I in, mid after attending to the man rcconnncm'od lus re Imoial to the In'irmarv, where he vvas ai'nuttcd His recovers is considered doubtful He stated to the con-tible that he mflietcd the wound himself. Ile I w as in the employ of Mr Gallagher, ai lis stated to ha\ e been drinking to excels latel\\. He is belie ed to have a wife and faniils living m America BRSACU oi MtMCiPALiTi li\ LAW«-Iasppe'or Sejmour took seventeen cases into the Water Pohee Court, vestorday morning, of which Uve viere not proceeded with " Lelma Barnfield, of Athlone-place, at his instance, was fined £l^ lßs , and 10s costs, in two cases ogiun«t her, of having hlthv premises Charles Biggs, Harbour-pluce, was fined £o and costs, and George 0 Connor, Susie v street, £3 Is , ttcl ' Is costs, for similar offences lor remov- ing offert 'matter during pr »hibited hours William Baker v»as fined £3 1« and costs , Praueis Homing £1 2s and costs and James Nea0lc, S3 Is and costs For placing rubbish on the carriage wav, Walter Stew ait vi as fined 6s and costs, Ilobert Adams, £1 Is and costs, and John Hughes, £2 Is and cost« Tor not haime; sufficient hoaiding round a building under his care, P G Buckle) was fined £3 Is andos costs TASMANIAN SHEEP-The steamer Tasman, winch arrived vester la), brought sevent) mermo runs and ewes from th" well known flocks of Messrs Gibson, Tailor, and R Tones, of Tasmania 1 hese sheep art at present m the qu irantiae ground» at Petorsh mi, and will be offered for sale during the eouung week bv- Messrs Mort and Co ST LI ec .>, BenvvooD -The necessuv of providing additional aeouimodation ui tins church has been felt for some time past, as several of the new residents m Bun» ood ha» e been unable to procure sittings J o meet this demand it w as determined, at the v estrv meeting held on Easter luesduv, ' 1 hat immediate steps be taken for the enlargement ot the church bv the erecaon of the additional aisle, and that tenders be st once called for the same ' AH ASIUSISO IBLEGHAI KIO BLUNDER.-Our cone spondent says that Queensland and other Australian residents in London, who had onlj left Brisbane anil Sydney a few weeks previous to the 4th March, were somewhat astonished to leam thft "Ladv Kennedy had given birth to twins Such on announcement appearing in the London morning journals of the above date, in the telegraphic ne»»a irom Queensland, on the 12th Morell the following correction appealed in sev eral papers -" We are requested by Iteuter's Telegram Company to correct an erioneoii announcement made in their Brisbane telegram ot the 2nd instant, published on the uth instant, stating that .Lad) Ii.enni.dv had given birth to twins, the eldest being a son ' The companv e-vplain thaf the message the) received contained the woras, 'Governor of Queensland Uvins first son' Being however, subse- quent] v uifonued that Sir Aithui Kennedv was un- married, and that there must be some mistake, a tele graphic repetition was at once demanded It lias been received to dav (11th instant), and shows that i the words really telegraphed \\.y lloutoi s agent weie, j ' Governor Queensland turns Jti st sod, alluding to the Mar)boroush-Gvmpie Railway in course of construc- tion The words in italics were mutilated bj thetele I graph in transmission from Austiaha, and reaching ' the companv in the form mentioned abov e, gave rifle I to the mistake ' I " GeinE TO S\I!»EY"-We have received a cop) i of a new edition of the "Guide to bvdnev,' published by Mr Maddock, of 3S3, George street The time of the publication is opportune, and the information which the book contains will be valuable [ to visitors It contains a map of the cie) ann a plan of the harbour, and will help many persons to find readdy places well north visiting ST ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL -Order of musical ser vic for Sundav, April 28 -" Cantate, ' Macfarren, . " Dous Misereatur, ' Macfarren, Anthem, " Lift up ' your heads ' ( * Messiah ' ), Handel SinvEY AMATEUR ATHLPTIC CLU«-We have been requested to state that the handicap entries for the meeting of the above club will close this evening, and the general entry on Saturday 4t t r vi "" Titi! MANCHESTER UMII OP UDDIKLL-OWS -Hie annual session of the Movable Committee of the above societv was resumed and conclud»d yesterday at the Oddtellovvs' Hall Elizabeth street Thurs- day s sitting was whollv occupied by the revision of the rules, which was ultimately got through yesterday afternoon The following resolutions were then passed -" That a vote of thanks be tendered, and recorded upon the books to the members of the Revision Committee " "That Brothers Gelding, Mutton, Kethel, and Telfer assist ti c oflicers of the order in arranging the rules for planting " That the sum of £,-> 5s ho given to the Randwick Asvlum and the Deaf and Dumb Institution, and 15 is subícnption, in the name of C S Sutton, to the ivdnev Inhnrnrv " It was decided to hold the next Annunl Movable Committee at Tamworth The in- stallation of the oflicers was then piocoeded with Brother Richards vins dulv installed as Grand Master, and Brother W Smith as Deputy Grand Master for the ensuing tear the corre .ponding secretarv, being re elected, required no installation Ihe nbovenaraed ollieers returned than) s to the committee in suitable terms, and ex- presad a hope that they might bo able to meet the deputies nt Tamworth noxtvear. Thanks were then tendeied to the scrutineeis, and also to the favdncv district tor the kmdnes3 show n to the Count) delpgntes at the A SI ' After a vote of thanks had been pnss"d to the Press three cheers were given for Tam- il orth and the ne\t V M C At the conclusion of the meeting a Lodge of Past Provincial Grand Master waa opened, and Br Howe ot Svdnev, Br Inck«on, of Goulburn, and Br M'lNnb, of Bathur t, received the degree of a P P G M An error occurred m Thursday s report of the dinner given on Wetlne dn\ evening Mr lim hy said the Unttv m New So ith Wales numbered between 7000 and 8000 members, their capital being £)3 000, and not as printed-' Thev numbered oS 000 members, the capí al being bcw cen £7000 and £S0U0 ' ST STPIMIEN i Ciuiici!, PESKITK -On Taster Mon dav evening atea mee in" was hel 1 m the spacious Sun lae schoolroom adjoining this church, ulien «onie 400 people sat donna to the },ood things hi crail) provided b\ thp ladies of the consreg ition \fier tho tea a public racetinn »v»s hell mes ded oier bv Mi J h Le abridge j P Sir Henrv Par cs was adicr ned to occupv the chair, buta telegram was recenel fron that gen leman stating that h" was unavotdnhlv preven cd from bein? prient Vddre ses were lehver d bv he Rev-, II A Langlov James Adam Jo c h Barmet G Mt l'Ile on pnd the mc iinhen the Ivv John "v au_,han Ihe l-'ter gentleman rea 1 a ta émeut of accounts showing t iat th<* liabilities for the church repair now being^ nrjceeled m h was£GG0 to lards this sum £401 had b"pn reen ed and he «ta ed tin ne h d called h s pan hioners aid fnon 1« together to endeavour to p»r uidc hera to provide the £20) required to pav the con incto-s and to enable them to go back in o their church with the kno»»ledge that it was free from del t The names of those willing to join m tin laudable mJoavour were taken down bv the chairmnn and n collection was mide and at the clo e of the meeting it wai announced taat pa) ments and promises am-)unt»d to £'07 Mr Ynug'-an stafd that the church which ho3 been closed for two months past, would b» readv tor reoperine; on Sun daj the oth Mai Votes of thanks to Mrs "S au<"han for her kindness m getting up a sale of fancv work w hieh realised Í60 to he ladies for prov iding such an excellent repast, and to the chairman were passed with acclamation Especial reference w as a'eo made to the generosity of the Hon John Campbell who had giv en £o0 towards the fund and of Mrs George Thoma3 Clarke in presenting to the church a large tiree ligh ornamen al tamed gla i g ai«aille win lou made bv Messrs rdeoneraal Vshvvm ofSvdnev.in memorv of her Iat" husband, Dr Clarke who wa» tor man years a trustee and w nrden of th» St ¡stephen s Church \t intervals dunns the evening the t hoir oí the church sang a number of sa-red soi g , and one of the mo t cnthusio. tie and succi fal church meet m"s ei er hel 1 in Penrith was brought to a clo=e soon a ur 10 o c'o k RicitvtoND -The annual me mg for the election of churchwardens io- St Pe er « tool place on Tuesday evening last in the paro lual schoolroom the Rev Dr V\ oills in the chair Mr A Town, JP, was chosen tor the trustee , Mr \\\ Tomkinson ior the peivholdors and renters of sittings, and Mr H Turner for the clergv nan From the statement of accounts, it appeared that during the post year the receipts from pew rents, donations S.c had been £1S9 0s 3d and the ev.pendit.ire ¿lo2 6s 9d, leaving a balance of £30 13s 6d to the credit of the church The ofFertorv collections for the vear had been £131 ISs 9d , part of uhich was appropnated for current expenses and part to supplement the incumbents stipend The chairman havuiL reported that Miss Boiman had kindly contnbuted £o0 to the Endowment fund it was moved bv Mr Town, seconded bv Mr C J Pit and carrie 1 unanimous!» -"That the cordial thanl s of the meeting be pre =enecd to that ladv tor her liberal gift to the church TsFiRvivav ITEVIS- Vnnie Sue Kat, wife of a Chinaman of n, Hancock s lane, has been admitted to the Inhrmarv for treatment of severe bums on her back, which were caused bv a fall on to the fire plac" DEVTH or A DISTINGUISH PD Bl LI - V bull, whose ancestry and whose individual mont placed him among the great 'Lords of lowing herds,' and frequently gained for lu n the decoration of the ribbon at live stock sho \ *, is nov no mo-e Tne Jlluicina Va cur j oi Tuesday reports that the celebrated prize bull Robin Hood died w-thin the 5 ast foi taught at the far n of his onne-, Mr 'Wilban ames, of Shellharbour As what is coieidered a dairv bull, Robin Hood has had few equals, and certainly les3 superior«, in this colonv at anv time His proportions lor the pioduetion or dairy stock were about as near perfe lion as pos íble, and vie beheiewe aie correct in statiug that he never was beaten in his eli s "t anv shoii or exhibition at which he competed Ho took first proc several times at Kiama, and as oitcn as li appeared at Dapto and the Svdney Lthibition Ile was nn almost diiec cioss hetweei Mr E R Lvans imported shorthorn Durham bull, Major and a pure Devon cow borne few Tr eks ago ho became aflected m the lungs through exposure to cold for a «hort time the result being thit he soon became so hopeleisli ill that his oivnor killed him. m ortW to pue an end to his niis"rv nis ase wa» about si\ oi teven vears, dunng the whole or wmch time ho nos m the po session of Mr James, iho frcquentlv rerused verv Ion.; pnce3 offered for lum Although that gentleman has now to recTet the loss of so grand and v iluable an animal, he has the satisfaction ot 1 iioning that he possesses a numerous piogenv in ever) wa) worthy of so supe* ora sire as was Robin Hood StilMMION TO TUB DcVTU PENALTY -Hie Convict Hu0h Fn¿an allis James Ivn-m, who, on the Uth ultim , waa sentence i to death bv the ¡south A.u->tia han Supreme Court for the murder of Patrick Bar mon at Saltia near Port augusta on the 2Cth ot Xov ember, sufiercd tlie extreme pennltv or the law at Adelaide t^aol on the 10th instant The /tV/iv/Vr states that ifler his sentence the miserable man ap peircd to be perfectly íeaigncd to his fite, and although viv uncoiuniunicative mid somewhat sullen he received the ministrations of the Rev rather "v\ llliaius and tw o bisters of St Jo eph dailv, and w as occasionally visited bv his lord-hip the Roman Catholic ISishop of Adelaide Fagan was a native of Iieland, nbout D3 years of age He was about o feet 3 inches in height, and walked lame through one of hi* legs being shorter than tile other His icaturcs, if not prepossessing, weie good and regular and well formed Beiore Ins death he acknowledged h s crime, and said lie w as quite prepared to meet the penalty of it He was very reticent as to his antece dents , but we are mformed that he was an old Vic- torian criminal, and that about twenty years a"o he seryed a sentence ot two lears in the Dry Cieek Stockade loi uttering a foiged cheque, and had »ince been sent to gaol sev era), times for tuinoi offences. 1 ire AvnscvtEMS -Ihe past week has been a com- plete Easter carim al, so far as the places of entertain- ment in fe) dney are concerned Nighth the audi enees at all the theatres have been laige and the caterers for public amusement have fully succeeded in gratifying the taste of then visitors It has not been found necessary to chinge any of the pio gramme» and, consequently, last night s performances were simply repetitions lhey comprised-"Henry IV" at tue Victoria lheatre "Ivanhoe,' at the. Theatre Roi al, tno Geoign Mmstiols, at the Queen s Theatre , Thompson s Diorama at the School of ' Arts D'Aicv Reads Ghost, at the Guild Hall 1 his is in addition to the evening entertainments at the Exhibition Building, where the Manonetteo, and Lo Lo pei form Tim, evening n conceit is announced in addition to the o h">r performances at the building, when Miss Mattie Daniels wall appear î*o other change is mentioned in tlie entertainments for to- night. 