[?] Australia's Prosperity. [WRITTEN FOR TKB 'SYDNEY MAIL.'] I. ' He who will not live by toil. Has no right on Austral soil.' ' Hell— call thou hell ; Archangel call Archangel, And God— God.' ' My tongue could never learn soft smoothing' words.' ' Australia sunny south-land, 1 love tnec, country mine, Home of gladness, home of plenty, Golden fruit, and graceful vine.'' ' Australian prosperity.' It is a favourite topic, a to-be- taken-for- granted thing, a full-orbed fact, in colonial life and converse. Not so does it commend itself to me. The very popular standard which pronounces Australia ' prosperous ' is its own falsifier and condemner. False and commonly received standard, inevitably infers false, . low, practically- followed aims and ends — these are abso lutely and for ever incompatible with true prosperity. Who dare say, unchallenged, that Australia's aims and ends, her principle and practice, her standard and judgment, individual and national, are noble and true, and good and worthy ? I dare not. Would that I dared ! Or aught but (on a broad level, and from the outspoken social judgments of themselves) unworthy, ignoble, false, and delusive. One great, deep, un spoken and spoken, acted and implied, worship of material good : place, power, possession. One universal grasping of the shadows of seen things, and yielding up of the royal treasure and solid substance' of the unseen. One deep treachery and disloyalty to the truth (with a mathematical truth) of the 'doctrine of 'moral supremacy;' of the superiority of mind to flesh: and the world-old, inevitable result — woe. Woe to those who ignore, or will have none of the everlasting relatives of the real : death to the traitors to nature's sacred laws of being. The old Prophets did not — as some falsely suppose —denounce the woe and the penalty ; they prophesied it. They were forth-teller6 and fore-tellers. They were seers of things coming. They but saw the tree in the germ, and spoke their sight. The rich clusters ] of the -vine in the grape seed, the barren field, and an hungered nation in the briar and tare sowing. So still j history repeats itself ever through the centuries. ! Then who calls Australia prosperous ? So do not I. Prosperity is determined by quite other things than lands and sheep, and mines and shares. Material good, unbased on the spiritual facts of which it is but the represensative, is shadow without substance, hollow* as the child's glittering soap-bubble, and un satisfying as painted food. Dead, dry symbol, of no savour or worth to living, hungering, craving appetite. The wealth of a land consists, and is to be guaged, not by its gold and exports, its flocks and herds ; but by , its heart and spirit life. By the honest, true, pure, leal-lived lives of its men and women. By the depth ' and integrity of the love of husband and wife, of parent and child, of friend to friend. By the neat clean hearths in humble homes — in artisan's cottage, in bush hut and settler's selection (the blessed 'ain fireside.') By the cherry breakfast and tea-tables throughout the land. By the happy smiles, the clear voices, the kindly greetings, the strong health developed frames, the toil-hardened, sun browned hands. By her true men — good, loving hus bands and fathers. By her true woman — good, loving wives and mothers. By her modest unassuming youth. By her venerable, worthily-honoured age. By the prevalence of these is a country prosperous. So far as apparent so-called prosperity is unbased on these blessed, beautiful, realities of human nature, so far is it a glided lie, a luring meteor, a tinsel fraud. Bright with the rainbow tints of foul stagnant waters, the deceitful hectic flush of insiduous disease and deep seated decay. I care not in what rank the thing be flaunted — be it ir prince's palace, or labourer's cottage — without root of virtuous living, it is a flower of deadly night shade, a dead sea apple, turning to dust aud ashes between the edged set teeth. Social prosperity ! Whose outcome in the ' upper classes' is the wretched divorce case in the daily papers. Wives and mothers, — pity them, for they need pity — whose highest, dearest ambition, is to outshine their neighbours, and waste more in folly and show. Crowning glory of all — to have three different dresses from Worth's, 'for each separate race day ! Husbands who strive vainly to drown in delirious business speculation and gambling the yearnings of the un satisfied higher life; to drive away the haunting ghosts of the dead aspirations of their youth. Sons, whose physical and mental energies and instincts are stifled and perverted by 'drinks and cigars,' by sloth and effeminate luxury, and all dissipation ; sapping at once bodily, and mental energy, nerve and vigour, and all true manliness of character What hope from these? Well says a modern writer: ' Nothing can possibly elevate the character of a people, who, volun tarily, abandon themselves to sensual indulgences. The pursuit of ignoble pleasure is the degradation of true happiness : it saps the morals, destroys the energies, and degrades the manliness and robustness of individual* and nations.' Of each pleasure, we say again, as was said a century back. ' There is a public mischief in your mirth It plagues your country. Folly such as yours Has made — what enemies could ne'er have done— Our arch oi empire, stedfast hut for you, A mutilated structure soon to fall.' Oh, if the young men of Australia, with the rich bountiful life throbbing in their veins, the strong young muscles in their limbs — with their high spirits and eager hearts, and bright hopes, with their quiet intelligence, and dexterity of mind and hand, if they would but ' arise and fly the reeling faun, the sensual feast, move upward, working out the beast, letting the ape and tiger die.' If they would but I To what noble heights might 1 not they and their country begin to rise ! But again, ? daughters whole rapid days are passed between the mental dram drinking of sensational novels, the last new stitch in fancy-work (fancy-work ! woollen flowers for a life occupation ! ) when human flowers,, are withering and wilting for lack of human help ; when fellow creatures are crying for aid around, with the eloquent appeal of dumb fact. When is waiting to be wrought ' With human hands the creed of creeds In loveliness of perfect deeds,' An d in parading the public streets, with what has been aptly termed ' the blocky smile' (her very garb oft shadowing forth, not darkly, the fast, unwomanly, bloomless tone of her being) abjuring and ignoring those modest violet-like instincts in which true womanhood is involved and is alone possible. From no such too-early-rifled bud will ever blossom the rich, perfect, perfumed flower of a full, fair bounteous woman, wife, or motherhood. No ' Perfect woman nobly planned To warn, to comfort, not command ' can ever arise from the waves of such a sea of life ; can be formed in such a training school. Are these things signs of prosperity ; do they indicate a fs&Uftd; core at the heart ? A healthy germ of rational promise ? Ala» ! I need not to answer my questions. Tins is no foundation In*' ftifaire, Can arty onfi for a moment hope that tfie Cfrifdrdrt df such as these will be a noble, a high- minded, a true-hearted people ! Never. The common sense and experience at mankind forbid the assumption, alike with the deepest and subtlest (and truest because subtlest) researches of modern physiology. No such false, degraded, national life can - issue lii individual worth — always saving noble exceptions. It is not the folly of the day and the hours alone, challenging criticism, and to be ridiculed and forgotten : but the pregnant bitter evil of the future ; evily brooding now, over physical, mental, aud spiritual essences in individual internal nature ; to be reproduced broadly and palpa bly, in external, visible, incarnate shape' and form m the days that come. Far as our optimist singer truly sings, of the happier race to be. j ' All we thought, and loved, and did, and hoped, and suffered, is but seed of what in them is flowers | and fruit.' So is the sad converses true. The horrors j of the French revolution were in embryo in the lives j of the preceeding generation. In their irreverence for j the sacred, in their scoffs at principle, in their domestic impurity, their social faithlessness, their luxury, and their levity. History is at one. The eternal principles of things are the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. By so far as a woman abrogates and annuls the pure instincts of her womanhood, by so far she suffers loss, is incapacitated from fulfilling the high and holy duties of her divinely appointed mission . in life, as wife, mother, and daughter, sister, j counsellor, sympathizer — or what not, in their rounded perfectness. Every bold smile, every ques tionable phrase, and low, slang expression, robs her of her essence ; leaves her less a woman, leaves the worthless desecrated casket without the priceless jew-els. And the robbery, in time, be sure, will be apparent to even dullest eyes. That which is wrought in the inner chamber of the spirit shall be seen on the housetop of physical manifestation. Coarse and refined minds are alike truth- revealing sculptors. Fast, slangy (I use the word under protest) un maidenly maidens of one generation, shall not be mothers of gracious womanly women of the next. Why ! Does it not even sound strangely inappro priate, to apply the word ' maiden ' at all in these days, in many instances ? The ideal picture thence conjured up of sweet modest grace, and gentle girlish goodness, is a keen satire upon the vision raised in the mind's eye by the phrase, ' the girl of the period.' Wordsworth's 'Sweet Highland Maid,' andCowper's ' Modest Cottager,' where are they? Echo answers — Where r ' The germ of the fruit of punishment is hidden deep in the flower of transgression.' The punishment is in the care of nature's dealings. Nature — kind but stem, just, righteous, and inexor able. Nature, who does not reason, but punishes. ' Not a word and a blow, but the blow without the word.' Nature, whom to obey only is to conquer. Two Corpulent Actresses. — Mire. Clive and Mrs. Pritchard became very corpulent in the last years of their career. One night they were performing the characters of Lady Easy and Edging in 'The Care less Husband.' .In the* part where the former desires the latter to take up a letter which is dropped on the stag®, Mrs. Clive (who could as well have taken up a monument) cried out : ' Not I, indeed ! Take it up yourself if you like it.' This threw an equal embarrassment on the oth?r, which the audience seeing began to titter. At last Mrs. Pritchard, with great presence of mind, replied : ' well, Mme. Pert since vou won't take up the letter I must get one that will,' and rang for an attendant to do that for which both were incapable. — Temple liar. 