©rural §civ$. Held over — Several letter*. &c.; in »ype. Mocttt Baaucer Railway. — The E 'glster siys— One of the largest aad must influential deputations which has ever waited on a Miuiste- in this colony interviewed the Commissioner of Public Works 0:1 Wednesday mornin?. Juiy 17, to ores r.n the Go vernment ihe advisability of inmie-liatcly construc ting a railway to Mornt Barker. The deputation, consisted of about 80 gentlemen representing the districts which would bo served by such a line, ao-l alto the citizens of Adelaide who are strongly ia favor of a railway to the bills and ever them. About a dozen members of Parliament were present including Sir Wm. Milne (the President of the Legislative Council.) Mr. Hawker, in his reply, ?aid he could not at once give an answer to the deputation, as there was on the Parliamentary Notice-paper for that afternoon a. motion which vould involve tl'c consideration of the whulij qaes j:-n of ntilcrnir o'vtvnsinn (mntliwnrdn. The ftreu ?ents used by the deputation should receive the iost -aref til consideration of the Government. -JeotwA Shtpwhg.— lbs Queen of the South arrived at Goolwa, on the 2oth July, with the following pasaengers : — Mi*. Thornley from Port Adelaide ; from Port Victor, Messrs. Grey, Draysnn, Lawfion,Hillman, and McDougall ; and a fall general cargo. The weather was fine aad bar smooth, 9 feet water. The Gbost agaih. — A. few months ago many persons were frightened and some depredations done by some person whoastumtd the role of ghost. The same person, or some imitator, has commenced to play the same pranks again. On Monday evening about half-pant eleven, the inmates of the house belonging to the late Mr. J. B. Harris were disturbed by a noise at the back door. On the housekeeper nmceedinir to ascertain the cause, she was startled by the figure of a persou enveloped ia a white sheet. She had the courage however to seiz - a corner of the sheet and demand who was there. A ? neighbour coming up at the time, and attracting the house keeper's attention, the ghost, who was unmistak ably of die feminine gender, escaped. Shrewd ? suspicions are entertained of the identity of the party, and nhe will coiisnlt her own safety by dis continuing her disgraceful conduct. A large number of people collected opposite Means. G. & W. Shierl&w;'s drapery establishment on Monday, July 15, to witness the equestrian statue which that firm has erected on their roof. The Corporation refused to allow the etatue to be placed on Messrs. Shierlaw's verandah, and it was accordingly erected where it new stands. The etatue is a life-size representation of Stuart, the explorer, oa horseback. It was carved in wood by Mr. Reintardt, of this city, and certainly does credit to his workmanship. The height of the statue is 8 feet € in. the length of the horse 9 feet, and height 5 feet. The statue cost £100.— Express. A Bolt. — On Saturday evening, one of Mr. Sugars' horses bolted with a cart and a small load of wood behind it. It was stated that the horse shied at a heap of stones on the Sandergrove road, and somehow broke one of the britcben straps, when the horse began kicking as soon as it felt the strap dangling about its legs, and then began to gallop, at which the boys wbo were in the cart got frightened and jumped oat. It came right through the town ship, past the post office, keeping in a straight line with the mill until it got near the little bridge, where it made a very sharp tarn and just escaped a capsize. The horse kept np its gallop till it reached the gate of the Wesleyan Chapel, where it turned in, and fell over directly it got inside the yard. A few hands soon moved the animal from bis uneasy position, it having escaped without the slightest injury what ever. The -harness bad to be cut a little to ease the horse, but the damage done was very little. 