TIMOTHY WARE, ESQ. MB.. TIMOTHY "WAKE stood at bis garden ] gate and looked down the road. Ton might have noticed him, perhaps, as you passed along-a wrinkled, keen-eyed, elderly man. Now elderliness, I take it, ia farther off from the Bweet ripeness and flavour of old age than youth itself. To be elderly presup poses some thhineBS of blood, some sort ol inexpressible poverty of nature, each as there seems to be all aboat this region where T. Ware's hon&e; is located-a range of long, low-lying, uneasy hillooks that could never Bottle themselves to anything; a sandy, incapable stretch of threadbare' grass and .stunted woodland. It was not an easy thing to imagine just that over the south ridge lay a smiling and fruitful country, a thrifty settlement of Quaker farmers, who held themselves, per haps, a little too much aloof from this inhos pitable neighbourhood. ^ It was a chill October afternoon, and the low slant rays of the setting sun. looked furtively out from a blue-black ridge of cloud over the garden and the garden's owner. There had been a frost overnight, which had wiped out almost every lingering vestige of summer-time. A few elderly beans clung shrinkingly to their poles in the bleak back ground ; a scanty patch jol corn rustled its 86^f .J®aveB for'ornly in the wind, with here and there a pumpkin ripenihg sparsely be tween, and turning out its yellow rotundity to the sun, as resolved to put the best face on things that was possible; while, tall and 8 ark, a row of sunflowers, flapping gauntlv above the edge, overlooked the desolation. i T8 ? ,Ware Btood ^re at his gate and looked about him, with his faded red cap on his head and his lank dressing-gown clinging about him, he seemed verily a part of the frost-bitten scene, illustrating it feebly, like an ill- cut frontispiece in a badly printed volume. Yet there was a tradition that he had once upon a time been the chief figure in a great concern somewhere in town, and that in some forgotten period long ago the old weather-beaten house had flaunted gaily ^D6W coa' Pa'nfc aQd bright green shutters, and was bright with new carpets and curtains to welcome a coming bride. But all that was so far away now that people had forgotten the date, and could not recall that they had ever been interested in any thing concerning old "Ware. _ Tin Ware, Esq., the boys called him-a nickname based, perhaps, on a floating legend of miser-made wealth stowed some where away in the loose clap-boarding of his tenement, or perhaps intended briefly to bear testimony to the value set upon him in the community-Tin Ware, Esq., wa3 not a popular man among the lads of the village. They had a persistent inclination to hoot him, to gibe at him, and to torment his lean, ill-tempered dog, which followed his master everywhere with a snarling and objectionable faithfulness. The boys, considering all these things, felt themselves called upon to vindi cate the claims of justice' by robbing old Ware's orchard and breaking into his melon patch. Things in this way were brought to a sort of balance. I myself saw one day, as I passed his fence, a huge charcoal plaoard, reading thus: B. Ware of the DAWG. And many a bare-legged youngster, I have no doubt, hid snickering in the hedge at the Bight of old Ware Blowly deciphering the scrawl-in wrathful spectacles. But very few besides the boys ever troubled the old man with attentions, either for good . or ill. He seemed to have slipped from jthe mind of both men and fate-an elderly, shrivelled old figure whom Time had forgot ten to dignify with grey hair. He looked up and down the road keenly with his frosty blue eye, not as a man who expected anything or anybody, but simply because it was bis habit to look sharply. And yet as this north-easterly glance swept the road, there came along it something far from unpleasant to look upon-a grey figure in a Quaker bonnet. There would have been a smile of welcome in almost anybody's eye as the plump quiet (Quaker face of Rebecca Rhodes approached, but not a spark kindled in old Ware's flinty grey orbs. Rebecca's well-kept acres lay just beyond him, over the south ridge, and all about her farm-house was trim and tidy, clean and wholesome, as Rebecca lierself. It must have been the love of contrast that bro ght her in range of Timothy's dilapidated surroundings ; but of all living things in the village Rebecca alone had a good word for him, and stopped of a~a odd afternoon now and then to wish him good-day over the gate. . *' I have brought thee a loaf of sweet bread, neighbour," said she. " I'd an uncommon good baking this week, and I thought thee might not take it amiss to try a loaf." She held forth in her white plump'hand a. snow white napkin, opening its folds temptingly as she did so. , , " I'm wanting naught," was the gruff reply. " Week-old bread's good enough for . me, and I make no doubt it might be far better for some other folk than the dainty trash they're set upon-women-folk least ways." . The blood pame into Rebecca's . calm face, but there was no vexation in her answer. "Thea'd never set aside an old friend like that, neighbour," she said. "Nay, nay; I rerommend thee try the loaf. It's spoken well of, is my sweet bread, the country round. Thee will not shorten thy dayB much by just one trial, and if thee likes it not, I'll never trouble tbee again." Even the imperturbable face of old Ware shows a' slight smile at this mingling of acerbity and sweetness, but he makes no demonstration. "I'm on my way to see old Betsey," says Rebecca, quietly extending her hand and placing the loaf on the gate post. "-She's one of the town poor-or rather one of the Lord's poor, I think, for she doesn't belong to this township. Poor old Betsey I" One might have imagined that old Ware gave a sort of start just now, as if an invisi ble electric shock had struck bim. He was not used to hearing sympathetic talk of any kind. It tried his nerves, probably. " One of the wretched vagrants that are pauperising the community, wandering hither and yon," prowled Timotby. "Ay, ay, neighbour," says Rebecca, softly and wistfully; "a hard time they have of it, poor things! And this many a year has she been a wanderer and a vaga bond on the face of the earth, has poor old Betsey." She takes the white- covered loaf absently with her large shapely hand, looks up and down the road with thoughtful grey eye, Bighs softly, and goes her way, leaving loaf- and napkin capping the gate-post. And there you might have seen it at night-fall, and long after night-fall, if you had chanced that way; for hadn't Timothy told the woman he didn't want it? And was be the man to demean himself by removing it after that ? And your speculating on the singular s bornness of tli9 human heart would not have been lessened had you caught sight of him, by the flickering candle in bis upper window, sitting there motionless, with an eye on the gate below. Perhaps he expected Rebecca back after her gift. I do not know. "She's one oi the town poor, is old Betsey," said Rebecca, meekly, and said it meekly year after year, striving to allure the vagrant old woman into feeling at home on the charity list of the good towns-folk, and to rest her aching old boneB in the town poor-house. But old Betisey was not to be trapped. If one must be poor and ragged, at least let one have plenty of fresh-air leisure, says old Betsey. To be a pauper and a drudge both iB a little too much. And to be preached to and prayed over and hedged in right and left, and to scrub work-house floors and scour work-house knives, all for a bit of bread-bah 1 that is all unbearable, says old Betsey, shrugging her bony shoulders under her ragged shawl, and Betting out warily on her everlasting tramp. She is an incorrigible vagrant, utterly irreclaimable. Perhaps Rebeeoa thinks a half-fledged err ? .. 'Miii l . ? thought like this wbenshefitids her prey> has esoaped her and is fairly on the road again. ' On the road again, untamable, ragged, hungry and free. She walks at a rapid,. uneven pace, her thin shawl fluttering in the wind, her untidy slippers -flapping at her heels. It grows dusk as she steals'along; the road is dreary with cloud and shadow, and with a mocking moon that gleams out now and then, dodging viciously after this . grey old ghost of a woman flitting below* .There is a white object there ahead of her BomethiDg tall and queer, with a round white, head. The vagrant swerves a minute out of her way, surveying it furtively. Then she puts forth her claw-like hand and clutohes greedily Rebecca's sweet, dainty loaf. Aha! what a good providence is here! Ah I can it be thai fate should come, for once in a way, with sweetness and luxury in her hand for an old pauper, and night and darkness to devour it iu! Bewildered with pleasure, old Betsey hugs the dainty under her faded shawl. There is a crash then, as if the heavens were _ falling; a shout that curdles her thievish blood; a rough hand is laid upon her with vyoe-like grasp. Law and jastioe seem to have come down bodily upon the ; marauder; bat it.is only old Ware, who has been watclyng from his window. His hand ia raised to strike the thief-the thief with vagrant and vagabond written all over her; m her valpine eyes, her long blue nose, her skinny, claw-like hand. The woman shrinks back, oowering against the pate post, with a wheezy cough ; the old shawl falls away from, her face. Out comes the moon, and sails along with a sinister.ray pointing right down on the shivering, crouching figure and on the countenance that for one instant, upturns toward the assailant. " My God 1" cries Timothy. And that is . all. His hand falls at his side, he turns and walks back to the house, leaving the wretoh to her plunder. . The wretch is a mere animal, after all-a hunted animal, it is true, with all the greed and cunning of suoh. She makes her way somewhere with her prize-it doesn't muoh matter where. Bat there comes up a storm at midnight, a blinding, blood-chilling storm, that might make the voriest tramp thankful-' for shelter. Old Ware, sitting motionless in his upper chamber, hears the rafters shake overhead. He listens: perhaps he is afraid the old house will come down over his head* The. wind raves and shrieks about window and doorway. He gets up by-and-bye, and lifting the dripping sash, looks out into the road. He sees nothing; no boys will rob his melon patoh^ to-night, and no beggar ooine'' whining to his gate. Afar off, where the road' circles toward the south land, old Betsey has crawled into the shelter of a wayside barn. No, there is nothing to be seen anywherd about. Timothy shuts the window with a shudder, and crawls to bed. : _ A week after this, Bebecca, sweet and tintless as a snow-drop, stops at the gate once more. " Old Betsey, my poor old vagrant, left us last night, neighbour," she says! " The blankets and pillows thee Bent were a very . great charity, but she needoth our charity no more.'' . . "No more?" repeated old Ware, vacantly.' " She died last night," answers Rebsoca,' and her lip trembles a little; There is no reply.- Rebecca does not break the long, long pause. She is used to the old man's moods. Finally she sets her face fo the road again; it is getting late. "Rebecca," says the old man, abruptly, placing his buny hand uponherB-"Rebeooa, you-you needn't put her in Potter's Field. She mightn't rest easy, you know." " I have no such superstitions, friend/*' said Rebecoa, smiling sweetly. " It oan make very little difference to her now where* she rests, poor nameless wanderer." . ''She had a name once," says Timothy, standing erect.' with a strange flash on his face. "A bright and beautiful woman odos was my wife, Elizabeth Ware." -. A long" and weary winter has passed ; a summer has brightened and faded; the autumn twilight is settling softly on bloom and barrenness, as old Ware stands at his gate once more, looking down the road. In his^ hand is something wrapped in -white, 3 iwhich he sets upon the.gate post aB a grey olad, graceful figure eomes walking up the road. "Rebecca," he says, " I return yoax napkin." - " Nay," says Rebecca, recognising her own initials-"nay, friend, I have an abua danoe-" " Open it," interrupts the old man,, abruptly. The gentle Quakeress iB used to humouring his moods, and as she unties the. linen, a diamond ring rolls glittering out upon its edge. There is a box of shining trinkets within, and a email gold watch. " They were all hers once, in the old times," says old Ware, huskily, " before she left me. You may keep 'em for her sake, an' ye will." He pausps; there ie no an swering movement from Rebecca. " Or," be adds, with irritation and sudden energy, "I'll just heave 'em overboard when I quit here for good and all. Yes, I'll quit here for good and all. I never had no home nor no friends- she spoiled all that-and I may as well finish it out that a-way." ?". 'j Bebecca clears her throat, " It has long been borne in upon me, Friend Timothy," she says, in a high, constrained voice, aa one who delivers a difficult message-"it has long been-borne in upon my mind that thee is living too much alone. There is none to. look after thee, or fix thee up a bit comfort*) able for the winter; and I have had a clear leading from the Lord which I have suffered' .hitherto to be hidden in my heart-it is that I should offer thee a home with md,. Neighbour Timothy, if so be it seems good in thy sight." . "A home I" said Timothy, looking up query ingly at his weather-beaten old man* sion. " As how, Rsbecca ?" As how, Rebecca ? There was a group of . small boys hidden just below the hedge, ia' the opening where the great apple-tree dropped its fruitage on either side the rails. Tom and Jim and Dick were there, bare legged, and sly as weasels. Of course the apple3 belonged to them on that side the fence; but then night waa the safest time for getting them. There wa3 no withstand ing the logic of old Ware's dog by any argument of justice and fair play. The twilight had quite faded now, a pale moon shone in the heavens, and there at the. gate stood Rebecca, with her hand in Timothy's. " Whist, fellows! whist I ye needn't, to run," cries Tom. " She's goin' to have him for her ole man. Bully for her 1 8h*'U< never set the dawg onto a feller." - And with full pockets and beating hearts the youngsters file off past old Ware's very gate. _ Tom gives a- loud whiBtle when the feat is achieved, and stands a moment looking back with an eye of approval: " I knew it all along back," saja Tom, oracularly-" course I did; didn't I see ole Tin Ware looking down that 'ere road time an' agin arter her ? Why, she could sweeten a crab-apple, she could 1" 4.nd I think that she did, for the boya of the village had a grand dinner one day, at which Mr. Ware and hiB Quaker bride walked down among them, smiling right and left, and Tom and Dick noddei know ingly to each other and said, "I told yoii 