fenn in M. TUESDAY, M AY 21, 1S7Ö. Tin: Session of Parliament which clones to-day lias ljct'ii conspicuous, Uko too ninny of its predecessors, nioni for its vast quantity of tulle titan anything in the shape of useful logislit tion. Tho Government hus passed tho A j ipfojiriulioii Bill, certainly, which two pro ei.'t Iii i «j Cabinets failed to tlo ; lint, with this noto wort hy exception, it hus adhered closely lo the time-honoured Parliamentary precedent anti ilone nothing. It is only fuir, however, to 31 r. F.tltXKi.i, mid his colleagues to say that, while they lmvo acconiplislied little, they lmvo attempted a good deal, and promised still more. If wo were asked, who is to Illunie for all this loss of time and neglect of the public business 1 we should have no hesitation in replying that it is tine to the constitution of thu House, whioli precludes tin' existence of a real working majority for nny 3liuistry. A good deal of the binnie rests, no ilonlit, with the Opposition, and .some perlm]is with the Government ; hut the present unsatisfactory state of things is tine lifter all childly to circumstances over which nobody .seoul* to have any control. J'\>1' Um presence ot' these obnoxious circumstances, the system ot' personal politics, which chiclly obtains in this colony, is mainly responsible. The reverse of the oki motto-" jHcnsures not midi''-is the piiiieiple which guilles most of the debates in the Parliament of New South "Wales, J Ion. members aro influenced in giving their votes not so much by their unbiassed opinion of tho merits or demerits of any particular question upon which tho House may happen to divido, as by the personal regard for the hon. gentle- man with whom it originated. " "Who is tho man !'', they ask, not " What is tho measure 1" It requires no elaborate argument, to convince any mau of common sense that such a mode of procedure is just that least calculated to ad- vance the country's interests, or tend to tho cultivation of u high sense of honour among the country's representatives. "We can under- stand and respect tho loyalty which 11101111101« nf the House of Commons exhibit to their party ; but in this colony, where 110 parties worthy of the mima exist, we have no patience with the men who swear blind iillegiaiv .'to a I\ii!Ki:.s or a lîom'.iiTsox, or anybody else who sell their birthright for something infi- nitely more worthless than a mess of pottage. AVe should hail with pleasure the establish- ment in this country of two distinct schools of politics, but as there is little prospect of such nu event occurring for many a year to come, we see no reason why every member should not vote for any measure brought forward in the 1 [ouse purely on its merits. While no party exists, why should not our representatives he us their prototypes were in the days of ancient linnie, " Wlion nene « oro for n party, Hut all were for thu Statu." Why should they not accord honcHt support to a Government which shows its ability and will to servo tho country, without stopping lo inijniro whether they are friends or enemies of the individual Ministers of whom it is composed ! Such a course of conduct on the part of our political representatives would iiflbrd, in our opinion, thc only solution to the dillicul ties which beset Constitutional Government in New South Wales. If members would only act ou their independent conscientious judgment, good Governments would remain in ellice! long enough to pass useful measures without being met at every step by factious opposition ; and bad Governments, if they were formed at all, would bo powerless to do any harm. The business of thu country would be carried on intelligently and faithfully, and all necessity for Acts to defino tho powers and privileges of Parliament would bo obviated. A retrospective glance over thc brief session, now on the eve of giving up the ghost, affords very littin room for congratulating anybody. It luis been singularly freo from anything in the shnpe of law-making, mid singularly con- spicuous for everything in tlie shape of peace breaking. Scurcely ii form of the House hus not been abused, scurcely a privilege hus not been prostituted, to obstruct tho public busi- ness, und serve tho private and sellish ends of individuals. Scenes of disorder and riot have been oundell, which, if they hud oc- curred in Billingsgate, might well hnvo brought a blush of shanie on the cheeks of the not over fastidious stall-keepers. Envy, hatred, malice, and all uncluiritiibleness have been thu presi- ding genii of thc Legislativo Chamber, while honour, courtesy, forbearance, mid wisdom long ago took unto themselves wings and How away. May we hope that tho quint und reflnc tioii of the recess may bring hon. liicuihcrs to a better frame of mind, and a higher sense of the duty they owe to their country, their con- stituents, and tlieniKciyeB.^'^iWo' 'would fain believe that thoit1 fiiülts aro moro of the head than of the heart, and wu would ask them for their'öwn sukes to cultivate thu virtues of for- bearance and courtesy. They have a high mid responsible position tn lill, ami the fault is theirs if they have unido it a subject of scorn und ridicule. They cannot, ul the end of this session, say, with 1.OX(1PI:I,I,IIW'N Illacksiuith "Something uttcni|iteil, something illino, Jins cornell II night's ro|xMtt,*' but they can resolve so to net for thc future j thnt they will enter upon theil1 next Weens with tho pleasant conviction that they huvo honestly and successfully striven to bonofit tho country which is theirs oitlior by birth . or adoption. 