PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. Thrown upon the world as fire shillings' worth of literature," The Australian Ladies' Annual" does not promise to be a very profitable specu lation. Curiosity to see the result of such an unusual—in fact, in this country, an unprecedented enterprise, and a liberal patrenage by friends of the writers, may enable Mr. F. B. C. Hopkins of Perri coota, New South Wales, to come out of the affair "on the right side of the ledger. Mr. Hopkins, we are told, is a squatter's over seer with literary proclivities, and alternates between the bush—whereherounds up and brands and otherwise superintends the rearing of cattle for the market—and Melbourne, • where; he dabbles in dramatic authorship and literature generally. He is the author of the version of "The Wandering Jew" played here by Mr. Alfred Dampier under the title of " All for Gold," for refusing to admire which we incurred the furious wrath of Mr. Dampier and his agent. It Would be curious to know how the idea of starting a Ladies' Annual originated with Mr. Hopkins; by what process of cerebration it occurred to him to open the flowery fields of literature to budding authoresses and aspiring penwomen. The idea is by no means bad, and, properly carried out, the public of these colonies would be Mr. Hopkins's debtor for it. But exception may justly be taken to many of the contributions—to some that their literary "merits" do not warrant their"publica tion, and to others that they had better have not been written on the score of morality. Thus " Tasma"—who does not by any means realize the bright promise held out in lier first ad: mirable tale in Mr. Garnet Walch's book—says herself of her weird wire-strung; story " The Kubria Ghost," What a shocking moral! Here was a woman who had done worse than many a courtezan of ancient Borne—selling under cover of the Church, instead of fairly and openly—her virgin beauty for gold. It was a shameless sale. And when she sickened of her bargain she would have made matters worse by flying from one sin to another." The " Eubria Ghost" tells how a girl marries an old squatter for money," sickens of her bargain," is continually crying," How long,O, Lord! how long?" (sic)— and after repeatedly meeting a lover, who haunts the station as a ghost, is. released by death from'the old man. - The conclusion of the tale tells how Emily and the ghost marry, and are now " in the,spring-time of. their de light." "Tasma," however, would evolve a moral out of this happy termination to' a very shady, and, apart from any moral consideration, shamelessly unfair transaction, by calling on her readers to join with, her, in the hope that he will beat her." TBofe inay.be such women as Emily, and doubtless are, but it is surely not foran Australian ladv m the initial contribution to an "Australian Ladies' Annual" to introduce them with « flourisij of trumpet! $<j Australian ladies, some of whom may possibly bo Unac quainted with this type of woman. As a speci men of the nonsense which might fairly hare been treated " with the utmost rigor of the waste-paper basket" is '• Bird-dom" by " Sylvia," as the following lines will show:— "She Bbook her head, alas! alas! Affairs have come te a sad-pass, - I scarce know how 'twas bronght about; Though sorely feel the ill result." Mr. Hopkins—doubtless with the kind intra* tion of allowing the ladies to shine by com parison with the only male appearing in con nection with the "Annual"—writes decidedly the worstof it,i.e. the preface. He seems haunted, lay an idea that the world will start up and ve hemently deny that the " Annual" could possibly have been written by ladies, and grandloquently exclaims " If any one doubts the authenticity of the 'literary' matter, I can only say that such* person doubts my word." The italics are hisown. Mr. Hopkins need have no fear of the world refusing to believe in the authenticity of soma of the contributions unless it decline to believe that women could write anything so bad, and deem such rubbish a libel on. the fair sex. Ha goes on to say he always held that the. leading object of writing at all should be to give others pleasure—an idea scarcely applicable to alt kinds of writing—criticism of Ladies' Annnals to wit. There are some things in the book worthy of perusal—notably " The Islander," by a South Australian lady, who will regret to see her unpretending but excellent poem in suck company. The binding and general get-np of the work are very creditable to the printers, Messrs. McCarron, Bird, & Co., Melbourne. The copy we have received was sent by Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son. The author, Mr. Albert Bichardson, of Mel bourne, who is a well-known and talehted musician, has sent us a treatise on " The Art of Singing." Mr. Bichardson, while recognising the number of works which have appeared from time to time upon this subject, contends that his manual supplies a want because it contain* a quantity of valuable information of a prac tical- character that must be of great service to the student, and we unhesitatingly endorse this statement. His aim has been to describe the different processes which are employed in tho formation, development, and cultivation of the voice, and to indicate in what consists the art of singing. Begarding the old Italian school as the fountain-head of all' vocal art, he has availed himself of all the information that the most distinguished masters have left behind them—such as Forpora, Bomani, Tosi, Andre* Costa, Crivelli, Pauseron, Busse, Bassini, Gareia, Ferrari. Nava, &c.; He has also relied upon information personally acquired during a lengthened period of study under two of the most celebrated European master*. In Porpora's day the philosophy of the voica always formed an integral part of a singer's education, htnee vocalists of that period inva riably retained their powers with undiminished brilliancy throughout a long career, and con stant practice and ripened experience enabled them to reach a higher pitch of perfection than vocalists of the present day, whose powers are early impaired through want of care and * proper knowledge of the structure of the vocal organs. Mr. Bichardson contends that the main objects of study should embrace a knowledge of the structure and capabilities of the voice, th» formation and development of tone, preservation of the voice, and the art of singing. In his work there are chapters on the apparatus of the voice; classification of voices; on styles; quali fications necessary for successful singing;- on tone; power; control of the breath; on compass or formation of registers; on timbres; equalis ing the vocal scale; on expression, musical and facial; on gesture and articulation; on ornamentation and changes; on diet, exercise, and other matters of importance to those who would excel in the art of singing. The author has also collated and classified very interesting particulars as to the range, power, and quality of tho voices of the most celebrated singers from the earliest period to the present day. Oa the whole the work will recommend itself to the class for which it is written, and should be real by all who are concerned iu the formation, develop ment, and cultivation of the voice. The book has been well printed by Mr, Geo. Bobertson, the publisher. "We have received through Mr. J. E. Brown, Conservator of Forests, a letter addressed by Mr. W. Brown, of the Ontario School of Agri culture, to the Hon. S. 0. "Wood, Commissioner of Agriculture for Ontario, qn " Canadian Beef for Britain." The writer discusses with ability the question of supplying beef to the United Kingdom from Canada, and gives many excel lent hints as to the best means of raising fat cattle. Canada enjoys at present a great ad vantage over us in having but a comparatively short distance to cover in exporting her surplus meat to England, but it is not improbable that before very long some process may be invented of keeping beef in good order for a long time, so as to enable the producers of Australia to compete with America. An " Official Becord," giving full and inte resting particulars of that ambitions but suc cessful project, the Australian Juvenile Indus trial Exhibition at Ballarat, has been published by authority of the Executive Committee. Thai, originator of this novelty in industrial exposi tions, Mr. B. D. Bannister, must be congratulated on the satisfactory issue to which he succeeded in bringing his project. There can be little doubt as to the benefits which must accrue front giving a stimulus to juvenile industry and in genuity by means of competitive exhibitions, and it is to be hoped that the example set at Ballarat will not be lost sight of. The official record of the exposition held in that town is well worth perusal Mr. George Bobertson has sent us a useful little work entitled " The Analysis of Sentenoe3, for the use of schools and students," by Thomas Noye, master of the public school at Willunga. The writer, who dedicates his book to Mr. L. G. Madley, Principal of the Training School, as a mark of esteem, does not claim originality for the work, but states that his object has been to produce " a work on analysis in such a form as to enable every child to proenre it." He has also " endeavored to lay down correct principles and details sufficiently elaborate to enable the student to qualify himself for the most strin gent examination in analysis." The book is clearly and intelligently written, and will no doubt prove of considerable use. The examples of analysis are well chosen, and the method of explanation appears to be excellent. Asermonon " Tlie Witch of Endor and Modern Spiritualism" preached by the Bev. William P. Pearce, M.A., in St. Paul's, Melbourne, has beea published at the request of "an influential member" of the congregation of Ghristchurcb, South Yarra, before whom it was originally de livered, although not exactly in the present form. The rev. gentleman deals with the Witch of Endor story as related in the first book of Samuel, and the claims of. modern spiritualists to the power under certain con ditions of evoking "spirits from the vasty deep." The leaders of the new jK<w£-religious movement do not pretend that this power is by any means of recent origin, Jbiit rely on the records of spiritual phenomena in every age as proofs of the possibility of intercourse, between the inhabitants of this world and disembodied spirits. The Witch of Eador they state "was simply a "medium." Mr. Pearce argues from the Biblical record that there is nothing to show that Samuel ever appeared at all, and adopting Dr. Carpenter's theory of "dominant ideas," he views it as not improbable that the terrible prophecy of approaching doom to the King of Israel and his house may have been merely a curious psychological impression in Saul's mind—a case, in short, of a coming: event casting its shadow before. The rev. gen tleman sees nothing in the story to lend any countenance to the theories of Spiritualism, and lie denounces the attempt to penetrate the un known future as impious and unprofitable. There is not much in the sermon that is con clusive for or against the new movement. A meeting of the Committee of Manage ment of the Acclimatisation Society was held ' at the office of the Hon. Henry Scott on Thurs day, December 5. There were present—Mr_ A. Abrahams (in the chair), the Hon. Henry Scott, the Hon. Joseph Fisher, and Mr. B. E. Minchin. Messrs. Abrahams and Mincbin were deputed to wait on Dr. Schomburgk with ■ reference to erecting a temporary aviary for the Society in the Botanical Gardens; Dr. Schom burgk and Mr. George' Hamilton were elected, members of the Committee of Management. Several liberal subscriptions in aid of the Society were reported to the Committee, which adjourned till Thursday, December 12. The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued on Thursday. December 5,before the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Boucaut. The case of A. Tcnnantv. E. C.Baker, torecover £300 on a joint lan I speculation, occupied tbi^y attention of the Court, presided oyer by the''' latter Judge, during the whole day, and ulti mately resulted in a verdict being returned, for the defendant. The ca6e of W. Wadhatn. and J. H. Parr v. C. B. Fisher, an action, for auc tioneer's commission, was commencea before tK& Chief Justice. This case has already bera'Mt&v; twice, but on both occasions the Jury disagrewff | The evidence for the plamt\3s was taken, aitt i to-day it is expected thafe ^hd trial wll b$ qq** reluded,. 