) "OUE'kATEUR THEATRICALS / > 'BOHloG. He jests at scars who neoorfelt a wound — Romeo. ) One of the most awful . recbllections Mr. Banbury Cross, ' of B oolong, had of. his youthful days, he used to declare, > was when he made his first and only appearance as an ' ) actor at private amateur theatrical entertainment at his . own house in Boolong. He, for some unk nown reason, nad . conceived that he w.as horn to be an actor — to tread the boards like the great Gamck and the older Kean — but it was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ' peculiar dehCit,- On finding the Melbourne and Sydney I managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with ble.aring I red h.air, and a tiirri-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" At any of their, sever.al theatres, he resolved to "take the bull by the horns" and get up k (jompany of his own down ' at his,.place at Boolong. He went to enormous . expense I in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having I scenery painted — for B.aubury was determined to do the I thing well and in, tip-top style. -He got together .a kind of 'scratchcom'p'any, many of them like himself, raw am- bitious; amateurs, eager " to fret their hour erpon the ' st,age,''-aqd one or two seely outcasts of the profession ; ' I and he looked forward to the production of his pet play, I " Camlet, himself as the Prince, with much excitement, noli unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ' m'dnth's constant reheai-sal, were pretty perfect in their ( words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ' intoxicaLe'd, and the- Aiiay likewise ; Opluilia, an amateur, ( burst. into a nervous' fit of tears before she said a dozen lines. Baubuiy. was roared at by the local personages who ' assembled to hssist at the amateur pcrforinauce. But this , w.as not the worst, for B.aubury found that when the bills came in theexpense was. twice .as l.argc as he had expected, ' and .he GoulAnot.me'et them. " The fello.ws," .dio used to say, I " .allowed gne to h.aye whatever I wanted on credit, because they.k'iiew'bbat' my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Metbod.- ist,' wp.uld pajJ 'them, but' Tknew very- well be wpulddb no. such thipg wh'(jn he foimct They were for theatidc.al .trap- pings,Tof, if 'thefe Tv.as' one thing ho held in abhorrence it was' the theatfe,." ' What was. he to do? His, uiicle would disinherit him, turn him out of the house h.? -had furnished for him, and send him Adrift oh thri world.. 'VVhat was- he to do ? His ci:edi.tors would hot' wait' and he would he a miserable pauperi' Butfpr all'this he did not lose his house,."'and' his'pdor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his nam'e,''thanks to the timely aid. of Gas who is a friend to the drama as well as to the rest of the world, who advanced him the needful.' Nppd' we' say 'his name. No ; all know him! B at 'we' may aA well remark it was the ohaminoh of fJw distressed'- ' ' ' -- DAVIIDHENRY, of- 52 Collins street east. Whp hasifrpm £5 to 10,000 to, lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with or without security), salary orcWs, life policies, certificates, ileedsJbil of -lading, legacies, goods, ' merchandise,- on expected 'remittances, or -on nioneys per- I sons, may be entitled tp from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience pf borrowers. ' . Bills discounted d.ailj' at the lowest rate of interest, and ( mprtg.ages froni G. per cent. 