SCRAPS, ORIGINAL AND SELECT. WATERLOO. FROM THE DIARY OF A FRENCH (Concluded.) SOLDIER. TERMS OP ARMISTICE. Whilst we were musing on those matters—the once great popularity of the Emperor and the contempt into which he had just now fallen ; the former glory of the French arms, and the disgrace now befallen to our colors—the 4th July brought us from Paris the conditions of the suspension of the arms. In the convention agreed on by the commissioners of the allied armies (the French had little to do with it) it was decided that the Prussian and English troops should occupy the baniers of Paris, and that the French army should withdraw to the other side of the river Loire. The river would be, at its nearest approach to where we were, about 80 miles, and, further on still, about 160 miles to my native village. DISCONTENT IN THE ARMY. When.the terms of the armistice became known, the soldiers, officers, and men shewed unmistakable proofs of their deep vexation—some broke their swords against their knees, others tore their uniform, while all cried out, or were ready to do eo, " We have been betrayed ! We are "handed over . . . ." The veteran soldiers felt their degraded position even more acutely than their comrades ; they looked pale, like so many ghosts, whilst the bitter tears trickled down their oncebronzed cheeks. " We are a conquered nation; in a thousand years to come it will be said that Paris, the most beauteous of cities and the centre of civilization, has been captured by the Prussians and English! The shame of all'this, however, does not rest with us ; the army has most nobly done its duty." These feelings were not ours only, but were entertained in common by the various sections of the Grand Army by this time converging on Paris. And there can be little doubt but that with the accord of the civil autho- rities in Paris and the few Marshals still remaining to us, the invading hordes of Prussians and English would have been driven back from the soil of France. RETREAT. The regiment left Vangirard at 5 p.m. on the 5th July, in order to bivouack at Montrouge ; and now that tbe retreat towards the other side of the Loire had actually begun, the discontent became general and loudly expressed. "Because the Prussians want, us to move 10 the other side of the Loire, is that a sufficient reason why we should obey 1 No ! no ! that will never do. We have done our duty. He to whom we swore fealty is in exile. We owe no allegiance to the powers that be at present, and we are resolved on this, not to stand the disgrace of succumbing to Blucher's will!" GENERAL DESERTION. That very evening the troops began to desert, at first in driblets as if by stealth, but afterwards openly and by entire sections—the men taking such routes as led to their respective homes. Few, ifany, staid behind with the colours, save some of the higher officers. Some 15 of us were from the same department, and associating together no less for mutual couverse than for mutual protection, we commenced onr journey homewards ; some still wore their uniforms, while others had donned the peasant's blouse, reserving in one or two cases the regimental cloak. REVULSION OP FEELING. By the 8th July it had been officially announced throughout the various departments to the mayors of the municipalities that Louis XVIII. was already on his return to resume the sceptre of France, and that the Duke d'Arious (afterwards Charles X.) would soon make his bow to the Parisian populace ; and we were pained to observe what [a sudden change of feeling towrads the Bonapartist regime prevailed throughout the country. The people who not many months before had welcomed the Emperor back from his captivity to his throne were now turned bitterly against liim, and hailed with acclamation the restoration of the hateful Bourbon dynasty. even so, they who greeted the Son of Mary with joyous Hosannas, were beard a few day6 after to join in the insane cry, u Away with him, he is not worthy to live." The diligences and other conveyances, both public and private, everywhere displayed the lately hated white flag, whilo the churches were thronged with people and echoed to the jubilant strains of the Te Deum, and mayors and municipal officers iu their robes of office praised the Lord tor the return to rule over France of Louis " the Well-beloved!" How often is that glorious hymn prostituted to subserve the interests of ambition and tyranny ! Here and there, as we passed on our way, low fellows—tbe scum of the populace—would scowl on us, call us Bonapartists, and even set their dogs on us! We returned their rudeness with a look of contempt, which made them still more insolent; but several of us, not content with this, shook their sticks at them, as much as to say, " If we had you in a corner, we would soon make you as quiet as lambs!" The gendarmes even, half military >olice though they be, encouraged all this inso- and as we could not produce any passes, 1ence, would now and then take us before the mayor and compel UH to shout " God save the king !" (Vive le roi). To the old soldiers especially this was abomination, and rather than join in the cry they would allow themselves to be taken to temporary imprisonment. My friend Bnche wanted on one occasion to follow their example, but with some trouble I persuaded him to conform to our tormentors' wishes—these kings and emperors, old and new, would not give up a hair of their head to save our life ; why should we, then, submit to suffer lor not joining iu one cry rather than in another ? As these people are such brutes and ourselves so few, it must needs be that we put up with it. By and bye they'll shout something else. . . . Everythingchangesinthis world!" THE ENEMY EVERYWHERE. As we went on, making on an average our dozen leagues a day, one now and then another wonld stop in his native village or else take his route to his home el&ewhere;, until Buche and I were left together by ourselves. As we neared home we had to witness sights that saddened us to the very heart. Lorraine and Alsace over-run by crowds of Germans and Russians, for the latter had come up by this time to join in the subjugation of France. As we passed through the villages we could see them on the parade ground going through their drill exercise, with sprigs of oak in their ugly shakos in proud token of victory. It was to us a source of deep vexation to see these savages live and gorge themselves at the expense of our hard toiling peasants, and what we saw here might have been seen iu most departments of France—so complete had become the degradation of our country !" The glory of war truly costs too much . . . . it is my prayer that the good Lord may deliver us from it lor ever and ever ! On the 15th July we reached Mittelbronn, a considerable town near our home. The place had been invested by the hostile troops, but by this time, as the armistice had become known, the blockade had been raised, though the cannons were still in position all around the place, and the gates were open, thus giving free egress to the inhabitants to go and attend to the work of the harvest in the neighboring fields. Here we saw in great numbers Lundwehrs German and Cossacks of the Don, barbarian serfs of an autocratic Czar ; the poor people truly had much need to enter again their fields of wheat and rye, as they had a thousand useless beings to support who would not be baulked of aught they had taken a list to, and who were for ever shouting for schnaps and bacon. In front of the houses and at the windows we saw little else than these flat-nosed wretches, with their greasy beards and their dirtywhite uniform covered with vermin, who, pipe in mouth, stared at us with an unmeaning, drunken gaze. It was for these gentry and the like that the industrious peasants of France had to labor, and in the end were obliged to pay two thousand millions of francs (nearly ten millions sterling) to get rid of them out of the country. REACH HOME. In the course of the next day we reached our native town with emotions such as the readers of this diary may well imagine, but which I will not try to describe. As we were in front of Heitz' hostelry I said to my comrade, " Let's go in ; I'm so knocked up that I can scarcely walk." Mother Heitz, with hands uplifted in wonderment, cried out, " My G , it is M. Joseph ! What a surprise to the town !" I went in, and sitting down and leaning my head on a table I gave vent to my feelinge in many, many tears. I heard Buche also sobbing in a corner of the room, but we could not speak to each other, as our hearts were so full. Thinking of the joy our return would give to our dear ones at home, and the very sight of the old familiar neighborhood, the scenes of our younger days, had quite upset us, and we felt happy to think that our bones after all should not blanch on foreign fields, but rest peacefully in the cemetery of our native village under the old yew-trees, where iepose our relatives that bad gone before. When we were somewhat refreshed with our rest and the fine old wine which mother Heitz had fetched us from her cellar, I said to Buche, " You'll go a little before mc, and I shall follow. My too sudden appearance may prove too much for my wife. You'll begin by telling her that you met me the day after the battle, and after that in the neighborhood of Paris . . . . and even on the road home. . . . . And you'll finish by telling her that I can't be far, and that I must soon be home ?" " I undeistand," says Buche, " and I also must get some one to do me the like office by breaking the news of my own arrival to my old grandmother." So, emptying his glass, he set out on his mission. I could not wait where I was more than a few minutes, and was during that time so absorbed in thinking how far Buche might have reached— " He must be at the gate by this time ;" he must be now at the door "—that I paid little attention to the questions my hostess was pestering me with, and I soon rushed into the street, calling out as I did so, " Mother Heitz, I'll pay you another time !" I flew rather than run in the direction -of home, and as I sped my way along me thought I heard voices here and there saying, Ha ! there goes Joseph, Bertha." : I cleared at one bound tho>R(eps leading to our door, and then hen the wild. «hout of joy of one well beloved, flwho bad despaired of ever seeing me again, preached my ears-—and in an instant Catherine was i mv arms 1 I cried and sobbed like a child . hy need I be ashamed to confess it! we both tried and sobbed like children ! ' CONCLUSION. • The three years subsequent to the above date jrere years of great depression and sadness through - jut the Whole of France. Fully 150,000 foreign Jroops—^English, Prussians and Russians—were garrisoning our towns and villages, wasting the resources of a country already well nigh exhausted •ay heavv taxes, and numerous conscriptions training It or it* youth and strength. But this was not all. The numerous "emigrants" (les imijrti), pets of the Bourbon dynasty, now returned from England and other countries, dispostessed by legal process such as were in the occupancy of their properties, or else became pensioners an the bounty of the State—the forced contributions levied to liquidate the enormous compensation charge before referred to—the relentless pro- (!J secution of BO many charged with having broken is . their oath of fealty to the Bourbons, the gallant j' Marshal Ney (who might have been saved by i|' one word from Wellington) first and foremost of |: the victims ;—all these misfortunes made up a | sum total of wretchedness which few countries, I I .hope, have been doomed to undergo. Now that | • We live under another dynasty of rulers, I am free js to mention what under the previous one I should v* not have been at liberty to do. ' Catherine and myself, with our little one—for j it pleased God to give us a child—managed to . I tide over those dark days in comparative comfort, ! jjnd are now wistfully looking forward to happier , i times. The people, however, are still writhing .;,'•) under the disgrace of being a conquered nation, i and of having bad their metropolis twice captured : in the memory of a single generation. Erratum in our last issue :—For Saulse-Penov ad GAulsse-L noy. 