CHAPTER XIII Tom's mind was inado up now. lie was gloomy and dosperato. Ho was a forsaken, friondlesa boy; lio said; nobody loved liim; when ihuy. found out what thoy had driven him to,porhapa thoy would bo sorry; , lib liad tried to do riyht and got along, "but they' would not lot him , smco nothing would do them . btit to bo rid ofhimj lot it bo so$ aiid let tlicm blame . tim for Iho consequences-why shouldn't they p . Vvhat right had tho friendless to complain ? \- ; xos, thoy had forced him to it at last ; ho would i lead n life of ctfme:, Thero was no choice. By ;,thiB timei he Was far down Meadow Land; and ; tbo bull for ecliool to " iako up" tinkled faintly hpBlUiis ear.; Ho sobbed, now, to think he !»liould aoyor, novorhear that old familiar, sound anymore-it was very hard, but it was foiced on him ;.sinco ho-.was 'driven out into the cold vorld, ho must submit-*but ho forgave thorn. Thon tho sobs camo thick and fast. > Just at this point ho mot his soul's sworn coinrado, Joo Harpor-hard-oyed, and with evidently a great and dismal purpose in his heart. Plainly hero wcro «two touls with but } . J Miiglo thought." Tom, wiping his ©yes with s ; sleovo; began to blubbor out something * about a resolution to cscapo from hard usage , and lack of sympathy at homo by -roaming abroad into tho great world, never to return , . and ended by homing that Joe would not for-' . got him. : . ^ufc transpired tbat this \vas a ^request . ; wuch iToo had just been going , to make of Tom, and had como to hunt him lip for that , mirposo. His . mother had whipped him for drinking some cream which lie bad nover i > tasted and knew nothing about; it was plain : .1 that she was tired of him aud wished-'him to , ; po> if sh.e Colt that AVay, thero wiis nothing for ; ; ninv. to uo but to succumb; ho hoped she' * , 8 haPPyt'and 'never"regret bavins ; Uri^li hor-poor boy out. into tho unfeeling ? World to sutler and to die. ' C As tho two boys walked sorrowing alon they made a new compact to| stand by each . other and bo brothers, and never separate" till . death relieved thorn of their troubles. Thenthey began to lay their plans. Joe vac fot beihe'a . hermit, and living on crUsta to a remote cavol I.and dying, ro^Um^.of cold, and want, and' r htlfc after listening-to Tom, ho conceded" ?? _ that thiejo Wehe some conspicuous advantages ; ;abottt ft lito of crime, and so he consented to be 1 <9\. ^Klto. \ . * ^rtireb miles below St: Petersburg, at a point . where tho Mississippi river was a trifle over a j mile wide, thero was a long, narrow, wooded , lunnd, with a shallow bar at tho head of it, and Uhis offered well,as a.rcndezvousi. tt was not in i habited;, it layfaroVer towards the farthershore, \- abreast.a^desseaod-almost'.wholly ^unpeopled torest. So Jackson's Island was chosen. Who Xvere to bfc tno subjects of their piracies was a taalfcet that did not occur to them. Then thev . mmted up Huckleberry Finn, and ho joined them promptly, for all careers wcroonc to him; ~ ho was indiffororitr^Thoy presently'soparated, ( to meot at a lonely spot on the river bauk two | miles above tho villago, at tho favourite hour, \ which was midnight. . Thore was a small lo" i ; raft thero which they meant tocapturo. Each ; would bnng.Jiooks _and. linssj and: such. pro« *' vi«ons as ho could steal in l\io most darlc^ and' ; mysterious way-as became,outlaws;'and bo-'j ' fqre foe aftemoon was done, . they had all I to finjoy tho sweet glory °f spreading I ( tho fact that pretty soon tho town would "hear I something." All who got this vague hint wero j- Cautioned to " bo mum and wait." ?». About midnight,Tom arrived with c. boiled « ham and a fow trifles, aiid stopped iu a denso > undergrowth on a small blui¥ overlooking tho inteUns-placo. It was star-liuht, and very . , m 0 river lay like an ocean at listened a moment, but no sound thwarted tho quiet. Then , he gnvo a low, ttifelinet whistlo. It was answered from under the bluff. Tom whistled twico more; these signals wero answered in tho samo way. Thou it guarded voico said:. "Who goes thoro' . . " Tom Sawyqrv tho.'Mack Aren^or of tho b|)it!u>li Main.- Natnu your names." ' ., lluefc. tinn tho iled-handed, ? and Joe ... .*larP<» Inu Turror of tho Soas." Tom had ' >vT! 1 tllcao't,iLlcB f""'i liis favourite litura ; "'Tis well. Qivo tho coiinlotsiijn." ; Xwo hoarso whispers dclivorod? Ihn' same awful word simultaneously to tho broodiii" night: . .. . " . ° . ,, " Blood!" ? 'thon Toai tumbled liis bam over tho bluff Mirt lot. himself down afler it, leariiiL' both : "Jfiii anil ulothes to somo extent in tliu effort: ; J hero was an easy, comfortably puth ai0I1" .lliii i-hoio under tho blult. but it lnoked tho i ailvanla^es of difliculty and danger so valued byapiralo. Tho Terror of tho Seas had brought a side i)l uaeon, and had about "orn liimseif out with Katm- it thoro. Vinu tho Hod-hanrled hail . , f 1 ;l SKilIot, and n"quantity' of half-cnrcrl io.it tobacco, and had also brought a fow corn : '?'W-' to make pipes with. Itat none iif tin. Jinates smoked or "chewed" but himself, "not Avenger of tho Spanish Main said , H would never do to start without some fire. : mat was a wiso thought; laatohes were nardly known there in that day. They saw a ; liro miionlilorin!? upon a great raft a 'hundred > arus above, and thoy went stealthily thither ?mil helped themselves to a > chunk. They m.iile, an imposing adWmluro of it, sayinjr ; Hist every now and > then, and suddenly , naii.inir ,vitll ,;n(,er on ]i|(. ",()vil];, wil)l > ll|ln|)s imaginary d«ssor.liilts ; and Kivin(; orders ; m (1IN1||"I whispers that if " tho fou" stirred t.(, it.rt 1V/1 avo ,n i,'l° hilt "-^miuuiiho^4 d«idv W ! "V. I"1,;'s-" '"'«». «.«» enough Jli.it thei raftimm weru all down at tho village laying rn stoics or bavins a spree, biit still that was no cxcuao for their conducting thin tiling in an unpiraticai way. They shoved off presently, Tom in command, ttuck at tho after, oar, and Joe at the forward, lorn stood amidships, gloomy-browed and with folded arms, and gave his orders in a low, stern whisper, " Luff, and bring her to tho wind !"? Aye, aye, sir!" 11 Steady, Btead-y-y-y !" " Steady it is, sir J" " Let her go off a point!" " Point it is, sir!" As the boys steadily and monotonously drove the raft toward mid-stream, it. was no doubt ?Srf0T° 't \ ttlCfl0 °rdcrH wdro given only lot atylej and. wero not intondod to mean anything in particular. 11 What sail's she carryi»4^ . "Courses, tops'ls, and flying-jib, sir!" Send the r'yalaup! -Lay out aloft there, nait-a-dozen of ye, forotoraast stuns'f I Livi-Iv now." s Ji "Ayo, ayo, air!" "Shako.out that mainto.galans'l! Shoots and braces! Now, my hearties!" " Aye, ayo, sir!" " Uollum-a-lco-hard a-port! Stand by to meet hor when she comes! Port, port! Now mon! With a will! Stead-y-y I" j " Steady jt-is> sir ?" ' 'J ho raft drew beyond the middlo of the river; the boys pointed her head right and then lay on, their oars; Tho tttfeJ was not high, so tuoi-e-frhs not mors than a two or three mile, current. . Hardly a word waa said during the next three-quarters of an hour Wow the raft was passing before the distant town. Two or three glimmering lights showed where it lay, peacefully sleeping, beyond the vague vast sweep of star-gemmed water; un conscious of the treitiendoils event that was Avenger stood still with folded arms, " looking his last" upon the sceno of his_ former joys and Ms later suffer ings, and wishing "she" could see him now, abroad on the wild sea, facing peril and death with dauntless heart, going to his doom with a gr»n 'smile on his lips. It was but a small strain on his imagination to remove Jackson's I Island beyond the eye-shot of the village, and I c j u .ed mJ3 laat" with a broken and satisfied heart. The other pirates were looking their last, too ; and they alUooked so Ion? that; they came near letting the current drift them out of the range of the Island. But they discovered the danger in time,' and made shift to avert it About two o'clock in the morn faft Sounded on the bar two hundred yards abovo the head of the island, and thev [.waded_bnck-andjdrth until they had landed their freight. Part of the little raft's belong ings ? consisted of an old sail, and this ther spread over a nook in the bushes for a lent to shelter their provisions; but thoy themselves $!a,800d va?bet-as _ They built a Jire against the 'side of .a great »eteWtepe.ttartyjat^'^tiaSt'riig sombre depths of the forest, and then cooked some bacon -in -the-frying-pan for supper, and nsed "P, h®U °f tho, com "pone" stock thoy had brought. It seeuied glorious sport to bo feasting in that, wild free way in tho virgin forest of an unexplored and umnhabitcd is and, far from the haunts of men, and they saiiTth'ey would'never return" to civilisation. J he climbing fire lit up their faces and threw n= ruddy glare upon tho pil larca tree-trunks of their forest tcmplo, and "P°" t'\e;/urI!ish^ foliage, and fe.-tooning >,g^^'Wfcg..^^.,er«pglic8 of bacon was o0ll0>Jind the las^ allowance »of corn pone/de voured, the boys stretchod themselves but on thev grass- ^filled; with- contentment; Thev could, have found a' cooler place, but they" would not deny.themselves such a romantic mature as the roasting camp flrei "Ain't it jolly i" said Jooi "It's riUfcs," said '.Torn. would tho boys'say if thoy could seo _ "Saj-F Well they'd just dio to bo here hey, Hucky? ' "X reckon ^so," said Huckleberry; "anv iml?8 > »'!!. ,,sulie?- , i don't want nothing better n this. I don t over got onougli to eat jf.T !i ,'l0tr? thoJ" can't pome and kick at a fuller and bullyrag him so." "It's just the life for me," said Tom. " VTou don t have to get up, mornings, and vou don't have to go to school, and. wash, and ail (hat' ulatno foolishness. . " You seo a pimto dotl't liitVo to do anything, Joo, whon h8 s ashore, but a hormit ho has to uo praying Oonsidorablo, and then ho don't have uny fun, any.way, all by himself that way." " Oh yes, that's so,-" said Joo,but I hadn't thought much about it, you know. I'd a good deal nither bo a pirate now that I'va tried it." ; 1 ou see, said Tom,"people don't go' muoh on hermits, now-a-days, Ifto they used to in old times, but a pirato's always respected. And a hermit s got to sleep on tho hardest placo ho can find, und put sackcloth and ashes oil his head, aud stand.out in the rain, and " "^Vhat docs he put sackcloth and ashes on his head foronqtiired Huck. "I dutmo. But thoy've got to' do it.- Hcr unls always do. You'd liavo to do that if von ivas a hermit. ' " Dwn'd {f1 would," said Huok. Well, what would you do?" wouldn't do that." \Miy Hue c, you'd liavu to. How'd vou got around it} '. - " AVhv I jast wouldn't stand it. I'd run away. " Hun away! Well, you would bo a nice old slouch ot a hermit. You'd bo a disgrace " p>0 Jiwl. handed made no= response beniif better employed. - lfo had finished gouging out a cob, and' now ho fitted a weed stem to it, loaded it with tobacco, and was pressing a coal to tho charge and blowin a cloud of fragrant smoke; lio was in tho full bloom ol luxurious cuiitoutment. Tho other pirates envied him this majestic vice, and socrotly rc.solvod-tu acquire it shortlv. Pro. suntlv I luck said ; 11 What doc? pirates have to do'f" . Tom said; " Oil, they have just a bully time-take ships, and burn therrij and get the incnicy and bury it in awful places in their island \frheru there's ghosts and things to watch it, and kill everybody in the ships-make 'em walk a plank." "And they carry the women to the island," said Joe; " they don't kill the women." "No," assented Tom, "they don't kill the women-they're too noble. And the women's always beautiful, too." f And don't they wear thc.bulliest clothes! Oh.no! All gold and silver and di'momlf," said Joe with enthusiasm. "Who ?" said I-Iuck. " Why the pirates." Huck scanned his own clothing forlornly. "I reckon t ain't dteseod i>tteu for a pirate," said ho, with a regretful pathos in fcio voice j " but I ain't got none but these." But the other boys told him the fine clothes would comc fast enough after they should have begun their adventures. They made him understand that his poor rags would do to begin, . with, though it was customary for wealthy pirates to start with a proper ward robe. Gradually their talk died out and drowsiness began to steal upon the eyelids of the little waifs. The pipe dropped from the fingers of the Bed handed, and he slept, the sleep of the conscicnce-free and the weary. The Terror of the Seas and the Black Avenger of the Spanish Main had itiore difficulty in.getting to oleep. : They said their prayers inwardly, and lying ! down, since there was nobody there with authority to make them kneel and recite aloud; in truth they had a mind not to say them at all but they were afraid to proceed to such lengths as that, lest they might call down a sudden and special thunder bolt from Heaven. Then at oilce they reached and hovered upon the imminent verge of dlecp-but an intruder came now that would not " down.'' It wss conscience. They began to feel a vague fear that they had been doing wrong to run away; and next they thought of the stolen meat, and thcu the real torture came. They tried to argue it away by re minding conscience that they had purloined sweetmeats and apples scores of times : but conscience was not to be appeased by such thin plausibilities. It seemed to them, in the end, that there was no getting around the stubborn fact that taking sweetmeats was only "hooking/' while taking bacoti aitd ham and such valuables was plain, simple stealing and there was a command against that in the Bible. So they inwardly resolved that so long as they remained in the business, their piracies should not again be sullied with the crime of stealing. Then conscience granted a truce, and these curiously inconsistent pirates fell peacefully to sleep. {To be continued.) 