(feiteral Jrcfgltigptc. One of our American contemporaries (says Land and Water ) gives an accoiint of an attack on a man by a so-called deviLfish.i— It appears that Mr; Smale, a diver engaged at the Aloyne River Belfast America, had fired off a charge of dynamite and displaced a large quantity of stones at the bottom of the river. He went down to prepare for lifting these stones. While engaged in rolling over a large stone, he saw something which he supposed at the tune was a piece of clean looking kelp moving about in front of where he was work ing. In a few seconds this object came in con tact with the diver's arm; about which it quickly coiled partly holding him; Immediately Mr. Smale touched what was coiled round his arm, he became aware of his position, and strove to extricate himself from the grasp of a " sea- devil," but found-it a far more difficult job than he anticipated. Catching hold of the part hanging from the arm, he walked along the bottom of the river towards the end of it, when he waB firmly held by one of the feelers of a large octopus. Mr. Smale tried to pull the fish off from its hold of the rocke, but without effect for some time. At last the fish, thinking perhaps it bad not got sufficient hold or power UDOn its Drev. loosened itself from the stones. and quickly transferred its feelers or arms around the diver's legs and body. In this position Mr. Smale thought the best thing for bim to do was to get on deck as soon as possi ble, and he quickly made tracks for the ladder which reached from the deck of the punt to the bottom of the river. The diver was cer tainly a curious looking object when he came up. This huge, ugly-looking thing appeared to be entangled all over him, holding In' in in a firm embrace. However, Mr. Stnale's fellow-work men were not long in freeing him from the unfriendly hug of his submarine companion. Mr. Smale declares it was powerful enough to keep three men under water. In an article in the Pall Mall Gazette , on " Lucky Numbers," the writer remarks : — Some curious instances of the " delivery " connected with certain numbers have been selected by a French journalist from the "Historic de la Loterie" in the "Extr'actes" of the younger Dumas. Here is one : — " A poor working man, farrier to a regiment of curassiers, took it into y his head to make a note of four regulation numbers branded, according to custom, on the quarters of the remounts ; he chose a number, accordingly, in the Frankfort lottery, and nearly & went mad with joy on winning 150,000 florins. Sfc The first thing he did was to buy as many pairs m of trousers as there are days in the year, so that |S he was known all through the cavalry as " the H man with the 365 pairs of breeches." Here is a another : " A woman dreamed of ten numbers, S wrote them down on some little bits of paper, H stuck these tickets on sticks and placed them B atop of some beans planted at equal intervals in H fl strip of her little garden. ' I'll take,' said she H the numbers of the first five that sprout, and B put them in the lottery." In due time five 3 came on. She copied the numbers, and gave B her son ten francs, all the money she had in the 3 world, saying. ' Run and take me this sequence S of five at the office round the corner.' 'All | right mother.' The son spent the money, came 1 back and assured her that he bad done as he | was told. The numbers won. It is impossible 1 to describe the grief which overwhelmed- the a poor woman when she learned the truth. She I " went mad, and, a few years afterwards, her son 5 blew out his brains." And here is one more : "A young sergeant of artillery took numbers 9, 18, and 31. He won. There is nothing extra ordinary in that ; but here is the remarkable part of the story : Cendemned to death by the revolutionary tribunal, he owed his life to Thermidor 9 ; he shared the perils of General Bonaparte on Brumaire 18 ; he was created a Marshal of the Empire, and received, together with a duke's coronet, the name of one of his victories on the 31st of a certain month." Polarised Rats of Royalty. — The New Governor of Canada. — The Spectator of August 3 observes The Marquis of Lome is to suc ceed Lord Dufferin as Viceroy of the Dominion of Canada, but he does not go out till Novem ber. This appointment may be either a great success or a great failure, according to the spirit in which the duty is conceived. But un questionably if it be rightly conceived, the close connection with the Crown which Lord Lome's marriage has given him, should be a source of great popularity. Only it will not do to expect the popularity without earning it. Lord Duf ferin has been all things to Canada — has ad dressed the French Canadians in French speeches as good as these of the Paris tribune, and the British backwoodsmen in humour as homely and graphic as even the Western States of America could supply. After 6ueh a Viceroy, who has gained all hearts, it will hardly do merely to shed pensive though benignant rays of polarised Royalty on the Canadian people. No doubt Lord Lome would make a mis take in imitating Lord Dufferin's modes and manners of Viceregal government too closely. He must be himself, and not an imita tion of Lord Dufferin. Still, if he works as Lord Dufferin worked, and the Princess forgets Bhe is anything but the Viceroy's wife — which she is quite capable of doing — the people of \- Canada certainly will not forget she is the daughter of the Queen. According to the daily papers, a prisoner was recently convicted at Edinburgh of having, while in a state of somnambulism, murdered his child, and has since been set at liberty. Cases of this kind are veiy rare, but, assuming the somnambulism to be clearly proved, there can be little question of the correctness of the course thus adopted. Dornbluth, the German psychologist, tells of a young woman who, in consequence of a fright occasioned by an attack of robbers, was seized with epilepsy and became subject to somnambulism. While in that con dition she was in the act. of stealing articles, and was charged with theft, but on the advice of Dornbluth was released and eventually cured. Steltzer (cited in Wharton and Stille) gives an account of a somnabulist who clam bered out of a garret window, des cended into the next house, and killed a young girl who was asleep there. And the same learned writers quote from Sar- varin an account of a somnambulist monk (related to Saravin by the prior of the convent where the incident happened) : — " The somn ambulist entered the chamber of the prior, his eyes were opened but fixed ; the light of the two lamps made no impression upon him ; his features were contracted, and he carried in. his hand a large knife. Going straight to the bed, he had first the appearance of examining if the prior was there. He then struck three blows, which pierced the coverings and even a mat which served the purpose of a mattress. In returning his countenance was unbent, and was marked by an air of satisfaction. The next dav the prior asked the somnambulist what he had dreamt of the preceding night, and the latter answered that he had dreamt that his mother had been murdered by the prior, and that her ghost had appeared to him demanding vengeance ; that at this sight he was so transported with rage that he had immediately run to stab the assassin of his mother." Saravin adds that if the prior had been killed the monk could not possibly, under these circumstances, have been punished. — Solicitors' Journal. A Chinese Riot.— The North China Herald of August 31 to hand by the Torres Straits mail is informed by a correspondent that there has been a great riot in the Chii-shan district, and the officials assembled 3000 troops to re press it. The mob, were, however, too many for the soldiers, whom they attacked and fought, killing several mandarins and killing and wounding about 100 others. The entire district for miles in extent would appear to be up in arms, but it is not clear for what reason, unless it be resistance to the exactions of the Govern ment classes; Our correspondent also states that the Fugwha people have also risen, in consequence of some dispute about lehin, which occurred a few days ago. The situation is represented to be an alarming one, the malcon tents having already attacked one lelein station, seized the official there, and taken him into Fungwha. Since then they have posted a pro clamation to the effect that unless the manda rins come to terms, they intend to come down 50,000 strong, and do their utmost to compel them. Later information is to the effect that great anxiety still prevails as to what the Fung wha people will do now. Tee Taotai has opposed them, and flogged their deputies, be sides imprisoning some fifty of them, several of whom are said to have been decapitated. So strong is the feeling against the Taotai that, says our correspondent, if he has taken any heads, his own will not be worth 6d., while the safety of the city is also greatly threatened. It is now believed that the people can raise 200,000 men, and that they may advance on the city at any moment. The insurrection arose in the first place from a demand being made by the Mandarins for payment for fields which the people had by their industry reclaimed from the sea. It is a question of foreshore property, similar to that which has been a bone of contention between foreign consuls and the local authorities at Shanghai. The Wagga Wagga Express says : — An incident which, whatever complexion it may have borne to onlookers, was far from pleasant to the lady principally concerned, took place on the lagoon bridge on Friday. Two children were in charge of a perambulator containing an infant, when a man who had been upon what is technically known as " the spree " for Bome days past (under the eyes of the police, who have calmly allowed him to have his own way), came up and took the baby, quietly walking off with it. The two other children raised what little objection they could, but without effect, when fortunately a lady who had seen what passed came up. She directed a man who waB near to take the perambulator up the street after the kidnapper, until she should be able to effect the proper restitution of the -baby. It turned out the man whom she had placed in charge of the vehicle was in about as bad a state from drink as the original culprit, and gesticulated wildly while he was doing the wheeling. A constable, whose senses were not too acute, was interviewed and the case ex plained to him, the natural consequences being, of course, that he wanted the lady to give the man who was wheeling the perambulator in charge. His knowledge of duty ended with the fact that not only ought some one be given in charge, but that there must also be a giver in charge. The lady, fortunately was quite clear upon the awkwardness of this step, aud ultimately, through her kindly intervention, the baby was restored to its perambulator in safety. The question arises whether it is more un pleasant to have men walking about the streets in an incipient stage of delirium tremens , or policemen who are unable to understand a simple case put to them in simple English, watching over our safety. An inquest was held at Wagga Wagga on Tuesday, on the body of a man named Robert M'Guinness, who was killed at Madebo, a few miles out of town. The deceased was riding along the road, and met a dray laden with wool. In passing his horse took fright, and wheeled round suddenly, throwing deceased, who fell under the wheel of the dray, which passed over him before the driver could pull up. The body was brought into town to the hospital to await an inquest, but the hospital authorities refused to admit it, and the body had to be carted away to a public-house. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death, exonerating the driver of the dray from all blame, and urgently requested the coroner to bring the conduct of the hospital authorities before the Minister for Justice. A good story of a squatter was recently related to the Melbourne correspondent of the Guardian (Warnambool). In that district resides one of the meanest and richest human beings in these colonies. Of land he has 100,000 acres, of money no end, but he lives the life of a miser, and is seen on his own station in blue shirt and moleskins. The post office authorities deliver a special mail bag at his place. Recently a new driver went upon the line, and when he stopped at the slip-panel where the mail bag was to be delivered, a commonly dressed wizened old man was there to receive it. " So you're old — — 's man," asked the driver. " Yes," was the reply. "Well, here's old ' s bag," said the Jehu. "How is it that you stop with him? I'm told he is the ugliest, meanest, and dirtiest old cur in Riverina." "Nae doot, nae doot," replied the blue sliirted one, " he's a vera bad rnon." Ah ! you're a countryman of his," said the driver ; " accounts for your stopping with him." " More than that," was the reply. " A relative ?" " No," was the reply, " I am Mr. himself." More I need not say. The Yellow Jacket is now the deepest mine in the Coinstock, the greatest depth attained in it being on the 2400 feet level, which is 2833 feet below the Gould and Curry croppings, the datum line for the Comstock mines. The next deepest mine on the lode is the Savage, in which the greatest depth attained is 2430 feet from the surface, or 2643 feet below the datum line. The 2200 feet level of the Yellow Jacket is equal to the 5400 feet level of the Imperial. The latter is the third deepest mine on the lode. — Mining Journal. . The Herald of Wednesday says : — In the course of making the necessary improvements at Campbell's Wharf,' the premises recently pur chased, and more recently occupied, by the A. S. N. Co., the company's workmen discovered the fragment of a stone which must have formed the headstone over the grave of a marine buried near the shore of Sydney Cove sometime before the year 1800. This interesting relic of the early days of New South Wales was brought to light during the demolition of a rudely constuc- ted stone wall at the back of the wharf, and en closing what was known as Campbell's garden. Before the garden v as formed the ground was nothing but a paddock, and previous to that time it must have been used, to some extent, as a burial-place ; but when it came into the posses sion of the Campbell family, and the enclosing wall was built, the gravestone of the marine was taken up and used as part of the coping of the wall. To make the stone a suitable size it had to be broken, and this, unfortunately, has inter- ferred seriously with the inscription. As far as the letters on the stone go the inscription TeadB as follows : — " Here lieth the of John Jones And WortheY Who De Parte Life The 10th." This fragment of the original inscription does not give the month or the year when the stone was placed over the grave, but Mr. Hare, Messrs. Campbell and Co.'s storekeeper, who is a very old resident in the locality of Campbell's wharf, knew before the A. S. N. Co.'s worknen found ; the stone that it formed:part of the coping of' the wall, and was familiar vvith the circumstan ces which led to its removal from the grave ; and from other evidence in his possession it is tolerably certain that the date of the headstone must have been before the year 1800. The reprehensible practice of laying poisoned meat about for the destruction of dogs and other animals has become far too common, and there is great danger that one day or other the lives of children may be sacrificed as a result of this wanton folly or premeditated malice. A day or two ago several baits poisoned with arsenic were picked up in the Lands Office yard, -but not be fore three or four valuable pure bred English, terriers, bad been desrroyed. The owner has offered a reward of £20 for the discovery of the offender. — . Armidale Express. Mr. John Rankin, a young Kilmarnock gentle- mau, has just completed a journey to London and back on a bicycle. He left Kilmarnock on the 23rd July, and reached the metropolis on the 1st of August, after having made a stay of two days at Sheffield, part of a day at Birmingham, and a part of a day at Coventry. The distance of 438 miles was thus run in about six days, making allowance for stoppage. Mr. Rankin left London for home on the 5th of August, taking the east coast route, and reached Glasgow last Saturday evening, thence going to Kilmar nock that night by train. The longest run i in one day was from Morpeth to Edinburgh, the distance travelled being 112 miles. Among the witnesses at the trial of Hodel, the assassin, was a young man, a very vigorous speaker and active demonstrator, who persisted, when handing the revolver, in pointing it at the President of the Court, just to show how the prisoner had aimed at the Emperor. " Doit point it at me," exclaimed the judge,. " it 8 loaded in two chambers." " All right, sir," re marked the witness, "I'll take care. Hodel held the revolver just like this " "Put it down," shouted the usher. " Take the weapon away from him," shouted one of the Court as the Judge ducked his head in anticipation of an accident. And the witness was releived of the pistol and bundled off to his place without more ado. The sorrows of a canny Scotchman who lost his wife at. the Paris Exhibition are recounted by the mischief loving London Globe. He had taken the bonie girl to Paris for the first time, and one of the things they had attempted to 6ee was the great show. Before the day was over the husband was seen returning alone, and what was worse still, making straight for the office of the police, ilis gestures, however vehement, did not suffice to explain his meaning, while the sole language which he spoke—being that of his native land — was still more unintelligibly. An interpreter had to be found, and by his aid it was ascertained that the sufferer had lost his wife. The terror of the poor man, and the con jectures in which he had evidently indulged as to the adventures of the lady might have excited the sympathy of a much more unsympathetic person that even a French Comtnissory of Police. A detachment was sent off at once in search of the daine errant, and while they were gone the afflicted husband seems to have pictured to him self all sorts of terrible scenes, in which the Don Juans of modern Paris played an all-important part. Only a few minutes' search sufficed to discover the lost wife sitting disconsolate on a bench outside the exhibition and weeping for the loss of her faithful consort. As for the hus band, the immensity of his gratitude and his sense of the peril to which he had been exposed was testified by his producing from his purse and offering to the police what a French paper calls " two blancksnotes" of £20 each. The Red Indians of America have a curious legend respecting the origin of mosquitoes. They say that once upon a time there was a famine and the Indians could get no game. Hundreds had died from hunger, and desolation filled the country. All kinds of offerings were made to the Grent Spirit without avail, until one day two hunters came upon a white wolverine, a very rare animal. Upon shooting the white wolverine, an old woman sprang out of the skin, and saying thai; she was a " Manito," promised to go and live with the Indians, promising them plenty of game as long as they treated her well and gave her the first choise of all the game that was brought in. The two Indians assented to this and took the old woman home with them, which event was immediately succeeded by an abundance of game. When the sharpness of the famine had passed in the prosperity which the old woman had brought the tribes, the Indians became dainty in their appetites, and complained of the manner in which the old woman took to herself the choise bits ; and this feeling became so intense that, notwithstanding her warning that if they violated their promise a terrible calamity would come upon the Indians, they one day killed her as she was seizing her share of a reindeer which the hunter had brought in. Great consternation immediately struck the witnesses of the deed, and the Indians, to escape the predicted calamity, bodily struck their tents and moved to a great distance. Time passed on without any catastrophe occurring, and game became even more plentiful, the Indians began to laugh at their being deceived by the old woman. Finally, a hunting party on a long chase of a reindeer, which had led them back to the place where the old woman had been killed, came upon her skeleton, and one ?of them in derision kicked the skull with his foot. In an instant a small spiral, vapour-like body arose from the eyes and ears of the body, which proved to be insects, that attacked the huiiters with great fury, and drove them to the river for pro tection. "The skull continued to pour out its little stream, and the air became full of avengers of the old woman's death. The hunters, on re turning to camp,- found the Indians suffering terribly from the plague, and ever since that time the Indians have been punished by the mosquitoesfor their wickedness to their preserver the Manito. Sir Benjamin Buodie was one of the most eminent surgeons of the present centurj', and was born in 1783, at Winterslow, near Salis bury, of which place his father was lector. In noticing the splendid career of Sir Benjamin, a writer has given the following happy anecdote in illustration of his great abili ties : " It has been remarked that the French surgeons are very brilliant, and the German learned, but none so sure of hand, so steady and thoughtful of the result, as the Englishman. When Sir Benjamin Brodie was looking overthe Paris hospitals, a case in point occurred. The eminent French surgeon who was acting the part of cicerone , speaking of a particular opera tion, said, ' It is a very difficult and a very bril liant thing to do ; I have performed it 130 times.' Sir Benjamin looked astonished, and said he had only performed the operation nine times in his life, and added,- ' How many of the patients' lives did you save?' 'Not one !' said the Frenchman, with a shrug. ' And you, Monsieur Benjamin, how many you save?' 'AH of them, sir,' quietly replied the English surgeon." All Germany has been asked to subscribe one shilling per head towards the Kaiser Wilhelm Fund. The money is being collected for some charitable purpose, to bo determined by the Crown Prince, in memory of the Emperor's de livery from the assassin's hands. To make the subscription truly national the committee, pre sided over by Field-Marshal von Moltke, fixed the largest contribution at one shilling. The Australasian says : — The international match at 100 pigeons, between Captain Bognr- dus, " champion wing shot of America," and Mr. Aubrey Coventry, came off at Brighton on the Tuesday in the race week. The match created great excitement, and might fairly be regarded as an international one, for Mr. Coventry must be admitted the best shot in England, with the single exception, perhaps, of Lord de Grey. The conditions were — 100 birds each, 30 yards rise, weight of shot limited to l£oz., powder charge at the shooter's discretion. Bogardus used No 8 Bhot in his right-hand barrel, and No. 6 in his left, whilst Mr. Coventry used No. 5 and 6 respectively. 1 append the full score, so that it will be seen how wonder fully exciting the contest was throughout, never more than two birds separating them.' At the 9l8t round the Yankee missed and left Mr. Coventry one to the good, and this lead he held till the 96th round, when a miss once more made a tie of it. Unfortunately, however, the Englishman also missed his 97th bird, and as the American killed all his birds from the 91st out, he was declared the winner of a most exciting contest, over which many thousands of pounds changed hands, by one bird. Paris has the largest library in the world. ,, It contains about 3,000,000 volumes, 150,000 manu scripts, 300,000 atlases and maps, 1,300,000 engravings. It is open all day on Sunday. 