COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to forward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date.] On Thursday evening next there will be a grand sacred concert at the Collins- street Independent. Church, on which occasion Herr Elmblad will sing selections from Haydon and Mendelsohn, and will also take part with Mr. David Lee in a duett upon the organ. It is reported by telegram from Adelaide that MiBs Ada Ward is at Cape Town, en route from England to these colonies. Mr. Stephen Massett will, it is probable, give another opportunity of hearing him in his interesting " Olla Podrida " of song, chit chat, and admirable recitations, which were so well received at the Athemeum in this city, on the 4th and 5th of June last. It is to be regretted that there really is no suitable hall for an entertainment like Mr. Massett's. The Athenaeum is not only very bad for sound, but its situation is not the best. The Temperance- hall is not at present available; and the Town-hall is too large. It may be predicted from the highly favourable im pression this gentleman made on his re-ap pearance here, and from many who have ex pressed a desire to hear him again, that the composer of that popular and charming ballad "Sunset," and "My Bud in Heaven " (which were first sung and appreciated in Melbourne), should he engage tne Town-hall for a farewell night before he leaves Mel bourne, will be greeted by a crowded house, and that he will have no cause to regret the undertaking. Mr. Massett has by no means been heard at his best. He has certain pieces in his repertory which, so far, he 6eems to have reserved for private delivery. These are examples of genuine word-painting, and are singularly touching in their expres sive pathos. It will gratify Mr. Massett's admirers, therefore, to know that he will not go away without an opportunity being afforded to them of hearing these admirable selections. j Adelaide, Sept. 12. Dear " Tahite,"—Since Mr. Creswick's benefit and last appearance the most in teresting items in theatrical matters have been the presentation of a diamond ring to that gentleman. This ceremony took place at the York Hotel, on the day previous to his departure for Melbourne. The production of tthe burlesques of " Ivanhoe," " Alad-, din," " Once Upon a Time There were Two j Kings," and " Black-Eyed Susan" has fol lowed. MisB Lydia Howarde is the star, and she has been undoubtedly successfuL She hen a good voice, but lacks an essential re quisite of the burlesque actress's art, viz.— j dancing. The company are well adapted to burlesque. Miss Minna Fischer was well re ceived, and gained much favour by her sing ing, as also did Miss Graham. Miss I Maggie Knight, of whom I have on more than one occasion had to speak in terms of high praise, has exceeded our most sanguine expectations. She is as good in burlesque as in the regular drama, and she has made herself j a prime favourite, with the best of all good reasons—namely, that she deserves all the applause she has received. As a dancer she goes beyond any actress we have ever had in | Adelaide. You may guess in what esteem she is held when at the close of the per-1 formance one night a voice called out" Three cheers for Maggie Knight," and the pro position was received with an enthusiasm that more than metaphorically made the welkin ring. Mr. John Owen also has made an enduring mark as a burlesque actor by his performance of WidowTwankey, Rebecca, and Dame Hatley.. His. topical songs gain for ' him numerous encores. Miss Howarde con cludes her engagement next week, and she is J to be followedt I believe, by Mr. J. L. Hall, or, if not by him, by Mr. and Mrs. Jack. At White's RoomsJHessrs. Davis and Lewis are giving their ventriloquial, illusory, and legerdemainic entertainment with some success. Mr. J. H. Rainford, whose " Ghost" at White's Rooms did not walk with profitable results to himself, had a benefit at the theatre. The piece performed was Robertson's "Caste," in which Mr. Rainford took the part of George D'Alroy. Phcebe. Sydney, Sept. 17 Dear " Tahite,"—Of the three theatres,jl think the Victoria, with opera- bouffe. has hod the best of it. This week " Our Dad," some-1 what fancifully so called, took the place of | " Our Girls " at the Royal, but it has not beep j a pecuniary success. " Rip Van Wrinkle'' was produced there on Saturday, with, of course, Mr. Hall as Rip. The Bates season terminated at the Queen's on Saturday, Mr$. Bates having taken her benefit on the previous evening with "Still Waters Run Deep." Last night tne Kelly and Leon Company succeeded to the Bates's. The Stewarts did well at the School of Arts, and they have moved on. Burton's Circus has enjoyed a large share Qf support. Mr. Creswick is comiug back to the Royal, and Mr. W. G. Carey has been engaged to support him. Of the future of the Victoria I know nothing certain. It is said, however, that, it is not improbable th^t Messrs. Harwood and Stewart will take the management of it. Wili) Thyme. ^ Madame Cora, the magicierine; with Mr. Val Vose, the ventriloquist, wasberforming at Invercargill (N.Z.)on the 5th pf this month. >' 