RELIGIOUS ITEMS. The Rev. Thomas Hope, who has been pastor of Clayton Church, Kensington, for about four years, has sent in his resignation. His letter resigning the pastorate was read on Sun day, June 2, at the morning service, which was conducted by the Rev. Charles Hall. Mr. Hope's resignation is greatly regretted by a large number of the congregation, and a special Church meeting is to be held to consider it. It will be remembered that some short time ago a public meeting was held at the Sema phore to consider the best means of providing church accommodation and services for the members of the Church of England resident there. The question was warmly taken up and an influential Committee appointed. Some little delay was unavoidable, as those interested in the movement were anxious to avoid the ap pearance of infringing upon existing parochial rights, as it appears to be a very popular disci pline in the Church of England, that where parishes have been defined and assigned to any particular clergyman, new churches should not be founded within such limits without the consent of the legal incumbent. In the present instance, although there has been no such legal definition, it has been tacitly understood that the Port parish included the Semaphore. The Committee, therefore, felt it due to the incum bent to acquaint him with the movement, and he has given his sanction to it quantum valeat. The first service will be held on next Sunday morning in a room which the Committee have secured from. Mr. Ranford, close to the Railway Station, and the Dean of Adelaide has kindly undertaken to officiate. The Committee will make arrangements for regular services every Sunday, and have already secured a valuable and convenient site for the erection of a church. A meeting for the purpose of forming a a United Evangelistic Choir in connection with Mr. Varley's services was held at the Flinders street Baptist Lecture Hall, on Saturday after noon, June 1. About 20 persons were present. Mr. Billborough, of the Melbourne Evangelistic Choir, gave a very interesting account of the work in which that body had been engaged. He stated that the choir when first started num bered about 20 members, but was soon increased to 60. During Mr. Varley's stay in Melbourne they had attended 250 of his services, the average attendance at each being from 25 to 30 members. When that gentleman left Melbourne a Gospel Tent was started in connection with Dr. Sommerville's ser vices. Five hundred pounds was speedily col lected for the purpose; and though they had not been able to carry out the affair to the same ex tent as the Glasgow Gospel Tent, which provided a free tea every Sunday, still they had been the means of doing great good. But they did not intend to cease their labors there, and had issued a short report, in which they offered their services to any meetings of an evangelistic character, stating that they would provide the preacher and stewards on each occasion. He concluded an earnest address by urging those present who had been gifted by God with strong clear voices to form themselves into such a body, impressing upon them at the same time the necessity for pronouncing the words of the hymn clearly, or otherwise they would be a failure. Several hymns were then sung, and the meeting terminated. The evangelistic service at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening was largely attended. Mr. Varley's subject was the conversion of Lydia, Acts xvi, 14-5 verses. St. Paul, he re marked was an itinerant preacher, carrying everywhere the ' unsearchable riches of Christ.' Christ should be the great theme of the Christian minister. Without Christ men were spiritually dead; through Christ only could men obtain eternal life. Conversion was the actual reception by faith of the Lord Jesus Christ. Speaking of Paul and the early preachers, their disadvantages, the opposition they encountered, and their wonderful power notwithstanding, the preacher said the secret of their power was the possession of the Holy Ghost. At Phillippi Paul visited the place of prayer by the river side. Amongst the names who resorted there was. Lydia, the seller of purple from Thyatira. There she heard the truth from the Apostle's lips. The hearing of the truth was the first step in the process of conversion. The truth pro duces conviction of sin, and nothing could relieve the sorrow produced by conviction save faith in. Jesus. Lydia received the truth spoken by Paul and became a changed character. Mr. Varley closed with an earnest appeal to his hearers to receive Christ. His blood alone could cleanse from sin. Chemistry had failed to dis cover a process by which scarlet and crimson could be changed to white, but the blood of Christ could wash the crimson stains of sin as white as snow. A meeting was afterwards held, to which several hundreds remained. By the help of a conversation with the Rev. S. Mead, Mr. Varley endeavored to show the way of salva tion. Some 20 or 30 persons stood up in token that they had received Christ 