AURICULAR CONFESSION.- ' This abomination of the Church of Rome, and diabolical practice of the priests has just had an exposure in this city such as it never had before. It is to be added here, that although you cannot touch the subject without dealing in filth, nor speak of it without feeling polluted, Pastor Chiniquy succeeded, in the two lectures of Monday and Tuesday last, in making a thorough exposure of the wickedness and imposture of priestly confession without the utterance of a single word which a lady might not hear. Everyone naturally shrinks from speak- ring of confession, because it is secret, and because no one who has regard' for moral feeling cares to meddle with beastliness and sensuality. But the evil exists and thrives for this very reason. You let it alone — you gloss it over— you feel as if private matters should not be publicly referred to — and you have a sensitive horror against listening to the abominable whispers of a man and woman in the confessional box ; but this is exactly what the Church of Rome wants. She profits by your sense of honour and decency. She retains her power because you scarcely dare to drag her filth and wicked- ness to the light. She remains undis turbed in her strong position for ruling the people because you know that if you were to tear off her veil of secresy, the police would prosecute you for indecency, and the public would cry out shame, as not believing that such diabolical wicked ness could be preached under the name and sanction of religion. Poor Mr. Murphy, in England, two or three years ago, found out this to his cost. He thought that if confession could be prac ticed by the Church of Rome to the corrupting of the morals of her people and' to the danger of the country!; if- this -was allowed with the knowledge of the State ; if this crime and pollution were spreading under the guise of religion— it was time that, the public should be made aware of what -"auricular confession" really is. He accordingly got the books which the priests use, and by which they are guided in asking confessions. He knew that they were the very books not only because of how he obtained them; but because he had been a Papist himself, and had passed through the corrupting ordeal himself. He therefore thought that it was his duty to tell -the public, and especially the: Pro testant public what goes on in the Romish Church under the name of confession. The books were in Latin ; but the priests and their penitents in the confessional box don't talk in Latin, but in English. He therefore translated the Latin into English and published a book called — - " The Confessional Exposed." Not a word was there but what was true. Not a word was there but what was contained in the books of the priests. Not a word was there but what passes between the priest and the girls and married women that kneel before him; therefore he thought that he was perfectly safe in letting the public know what secret working saps the founda tions of morality and truth in any nation ; but lo, the priests raised the cry that he was publishing an " immoral and indecent book;" the Papists raised riots because their secrets were exposed ; and the Pro testants were so shocked at the barefaced; beastliness that they would not believe such crimes and pollution existed at all ! So poor Murphy was prosecuted and sent to prison ; was further rioted and injured ; so that ultimately he lost his life ! The question is, If the confessional be "religion," why should it be secret? If it be an edifying sacrament to hear, why should it be an indecency to read ? In other words, if the authorities allow indecent questions to be put to men, girls, and married women, why should it be a crime to let the public know the indecen cies referred to ? The authorities and the public ought to know what confession is ; for, if fathers knew what is asked from their daughters ; if brothers knew what is said to their sisters ; and if husbands knew what is drawn out of their wives and what is suggested to them, by young and old priests, who are bachelors them selves — the whole nation would rise in virtuous indignation and sweep every confessional box, with a good many of the black spiders in them, into the sea. But the sensual part of the business, which is as a fountain of immorality and crime, is not all; there is another which perhaps more immediately touches the functions of the authorities of the land. It is in the confessional box that the priests get the family, property, and rela tional secrets of the people into their possession. It is in the confessional that the priests exercise the most infamous tyranny in the matter of family life, in the disposal of property, in the making of wills, and in the leaving of bequests; It is in the confessional that the officers of justice are defeated in their pursuit of crime; for the police are made powerless in the pursuit of a murderer when the priests have confessed the neighbourhood in which the murderer is hiding. It is in the confessional that the " Catholic vote " is manipulated ; and the women as well as; the men who kneel before the priest are made subservient to the election of the men whom the Church considers will be best for her to be in parliament. And it is through the confessional that plots are executed which have been hatched in the conclaves of their Reverences, whose one design is to destroy the liberty of the people, and bring the whole world under their domination. In short, the confes sional is a great national danger — worse than all the brothels in the country — worse than all the gambling places in the country — and worse than any cabal of traitorous politicians that ever plotted, whose influence after all is always very limited. Some day we hope to see this invention of the devil sent to the place from whence it came. Those who undertake to interpret God's doings and to ascribe to His judgments every ' calamity which befalls their1 enemies, should be careful in their principles of interpretation ; for it may : happen that similar reverses and calami ties may befall their friends as well as their enemies. If so, what then? For example, if a man 'Who is a good Catholic becomes mad, what shall be said' of the event, since, when a man who has re nounced Popery becomes mad, the inter pretation is that it is the judgment of God for his " apostacy ?' Take the other side of the question. A man who has turned his back on the Romish priests becomes mad, and is sent to a lunatic asylum : — this is the " end of a renegade"— a judgment of God— a warning to the faith- ful : but ten thousand others who turn their backs upon the priests don't become mad, and are not sent to a lunatic asylum-: — What is this ? These rash inter preters don't say ; for they cannot ; their malice is not equal to an explanation. Nay, when those ten thousand remain sane ; when they prosper in the world ; when they show by their life that they are better than ever they were -when they were subject to the priests, these foul interpreters of the ways of God have the audacity still to say, that their pros-; perity and sanity and comfort are the " prosperity of the wicked!" But this is not all. Converts from Protestantism become silly and worse than mad. Some of them become drunken and cruel. Some of them, in their madness, murder their neighbours. Some of them become paupers, and die in a poor house. What then ? Is this the judgment of God ? or, is it His blessing ? The vile interpreters to whom we refer can answer nothing !— ' We have been led into these remarks by the brutal and cowardly attack of the Popish papers on the famous Judge Keogh, who has recently so justly exposed the sedition, disloyalty, and murderous spirit of the Popish priests in Ireland. In the providence of God that noted, judge, who had at first been a Papist and a supporter of the Irish party, has been afflicted by an aberration of his reason. - The causes no one can tell ; but the fact is plain. Most men would regret such a fact. Most men would have sympathy even for an enemy in such an affliction, Most men would be. silent at a' time of such sad wandering of a powerful mind.' But the brutal Papists, like the savages of the South Sea Islands, gloat over the event, and laugh at the madness which they delight to publish, and they auda ciously ascribe it to the judgment of God, because that judge had not been subser- vient to the Papal Church .One of those brutal Papists thus speaks—" The "mills of God grind slowly, but they grind exceedingly fine," — " the judge who swore to stand by the Irish people, who purjured himself to take office under the English Government, is a criminal lunatic ; it . is the judgment of God!" What barbarity could be baser than this ? And, yet . our Sydney Freeman gladly republishes it as' something fragrant and refreshing; " like mountain dew," to his readers, as the " end of a renegade." The spirit which is manifested in such a paragraph and quotation is the very spirit which set up the Inquisition, and which would hunt to tHey death and burn to ashes any man wOm'ah or bhild who should dare to turn ; away from the Church of Rome ahd:, renounce ' the galling ' slavery of the priests. The presence of- Sir John, Robertson, and Messrs. Davies, .Hurley, and Barbour,.' members ' of parliament; at one of they lectures of Pastor Ciiiniquy,' has " greatly shocked , the feelings of our Popish oracle in Sydney. Sir John is, made the nail for a tirade of abuse to hang on. It- is thought incredible that he should have felt any interest in the cause of an "apostate priest," arid, therefore, according to the morality of Popery, which knows a great deal about the' secret motives of men, Sir John is credited with a hankering desire after the " Orange vote." Is it not strange how dodgers always suspect others of dodging ? Is it not instructive to see how men tell on themselves by their cunning- craftiness in ' discovering' others ? The " Catholic vote " is held in hand as a bribe and a bait, and therefore the managers of that Catholic vote , suppose that the " Orange vote" is rnanaged in the same way.'. Freeman 'knows how the Catholic vote is manipulated, and bargained for, and bought and sold, .and he knows that , to politicians there is an object gained by. going to ' guild' halls for various purposes, to dance, or sing, or feast. But in suspecting that the same thing obtains in the case of Orangemen he only shows that: he has Popery grained into him, and that he is as ignorant of the feelings and ways of freemen, and as incapable of estimating them truly as the Mahommedan Turk. Sir John Robertson has his faults, but he has not this fault — of judging Orangemen by Papists. He knows that by going to the , Guild Hall, honouring the priests, feasting . with guild' roasters, and. accepting the position of patron of Irish associations, he would ' be sure to secure the " Catholic vote ;" but he knows also that the way to get the " Orange vote " is, not by going to the Protestant Hall to hear a lecture from an " apostate priest," but by intro ducing into parliament good measures for the whole country, by governing right eously, and by sweeping out from positions of. influence and power those greedy vermin who would eat up everything and yet be as cadaverous and fieshless as ever. The Orange vote is to be got only in one way, which the Orangemen never fear 'to tell to the world, and this iB the way — be true men — true patriots — slaves of no church— instruments of neither priests nor parsonB, and you will have our vote. Father Chiniquy, on Monday night laBt, put his case fairly, in answer to the slander which is being circulated by the priests in the city to the effect that he is an "apostate priest," and therefore "ought not to be listened to by the faithful of the Church." This is the scare with which tpe priests are trying to frighten their people from the Protestant Hall. They are doing their best to work upon the superstition of their people so as to pre vent them from listening to the man who is their true friend. "He is an apostate —he is excommunicated — he is a bad man — he is going to hell — the curse of the Pope is upon him — he will do you harm if you hear him ; therefore don't go near him, and refuse to hear or to read his Protestant lies !" This is the policy of the priests; but the good Pastor has put his case fairly thus : — " Well, he is an apostate; he is a teacher of lies; he is a very bad man ; he is cursed by the Pope ; he is preaching a false religion ; — well, would not the faithful be settled in their faith, and be doubly convinced that the Church of Home is the true Church, and that Protestant doctrine is false, if they were to go in a body and hear him for themselves f Mr. Chiniquy said — " If the priests were fair men ; if they believed their own assumptions ; if they believed their own creed ; if they could trust their own sacraments, they would tell their own people to go and hear him that they might see with their own eyes that he was an jjostate, withering and burning under the Pope's curse." But the priests are not true| then. They know that they dare not allow their people to hear and judge for. themselves ; therefore they must scare them by ghosts and threats and slanders, and terrify them by superstitious alarms —"'Apostate, apostate, do not go near him 1". :Mr. Chiniquy sIbo said that he had acted differently when the Popish bisliop came to his converts near Montreal to. convert them back again to the. Romish Church. Mr. Chiniquy advised all his people to go and hear the bishop — -even'the sick were to be brought to hear him, Not only that, but he fitted up the place where the bishop might preach and might be heard by all the people. But as intelligent men, who had leceived the light, and had become able to use' their understanding, the converts, when they Iieard the biBhop, and "searched the Scriptures whether the things which he said were indeed so," saw clearly for them selves that his Popery was contrary to the Word of God, and they were the more convinced by him to continue Protestants. This was the apostolic practice. This is the course of free and intelligent and thinking men everywhere. But the priests cannot consent or afford to follow such a course. Their plan is the plan of those men who know that if once the people begin to think their cause is gone. They know that if their people were per mitted to hear, to think, to read , the Scriptures for themselves, and to compare their church with the writings of the Apostles, not one of them would continue In their Popery for one hour. It is fortunate that when Bishop Moor- . house, for the sake of getting the help of the State schoolmaster to do what he -cannot ' get his Christian people to do, is proposing, like a Judas, to betray and sell his Lord, by forming an unholy alliance with the Popish Archbishop in Victoria, and by going with him to the State saying this: " Give me the State schoolmaster to teach the trne religion of the Church of England; and, of course, in my charity, I ask you to give to my brother, the Roman Catholic Archbishop, the same State paid schoolmaster that he may teach the false end dangerous religion of the Pope of Rome" It is fortunate, we say, when Bishop Moorhouse is thus taking Popery by the arm and helping to give it power in the schools of Victoria, another bishop -of the Church of England, in Canada, is warning his clergy of how the priests of Rome are making UBe of their schools for the teaching of Popery, and for the per verting into Papists any Protestant chil dren who may happen from hundreds of causes to be attending them. We give the extract in another column. In Vic toria, in all these colonies, just as in America, many Protestant children attend Romish schools because, in fact, there is no other near, just as there are thousands of Roman Catholic children attending Protestant schools throughout the country. In all these Popish schools there are books of " religion " used for the training of their children in " the faith." What the priests want is this, that State schools should have books of their own, and that the State should merely judge of the "results of the teaching by " examination of read ing, writing, and arithmetic." The State while thus providing the teachers and the money, it is to take no notice whatever of the. religion that may be taught in the schools. This is the new demand ot Sir John O'Shannassy, in his new Bili, now before the Victorian Parliament. " Let religion alone. Leave that to the heads of the churches. Let the Anglican and the Catholic bishops arrapge the religious difficulty. Let the State simply examine the progress of the children in reading, writing, and arithmetic." All very plau-' sible. But let our readers see beforehand how the Popish schools will teach the children, even the Protestant children who may be attending them. Let the extract which we give be taken as a specimen of what is meant by their priests by " religious education." Bishop Moor house would grant all this ! He would ask the State to sanction it and pay for it ! And he asks the Church of England people in Victoria to consent also ! Could anything be more monstrous 1 And for what would Bishop Moorhouse consent to the propagation of such lies of wickedness under the sanction and pay of the State ? Why, for this beggarly advantage, that the schoolmaster might he permitted to teach his children his Church of England catechism ! Of course, Papists are glad to clap Bishop Moorehouse on the back as a great and liberal and charitable bishop. Another day in the Licensing Court has passed. Last Tuesday, at the Water Police Court, there were several applica tions. One was granted to a house of very superior accommodation ; one was refused ; and several were postponed for various reasons. Two or three were withdrawn, because the hope of success was thought by the lawyers to be bettor by coming up afresh, than by risking the chance of a refusal. One of those cases of withdrawal deserves to be noticed, because of the public interest whieh has been ox- cited concerning it, during the last fowrteen months. For the eighth time the applica tion of Bernard Bogan was to come on for a license for a house in Palmer-street, Woolloomooloo. By all the disgraceful dodges which an unprincipled man, guided by equally crafty pettifogging lawyers, could resort to, this' would-be publican had applied, sometimes in his own name, sometimesinthenameofdummiesjfor license seven times, and had been refused, once or twice by about thirty magistrates. His rage knew no bounds. He had not spared expense in the way of hiring lawyers; he had not spared pains by trying to pack the bench : but the Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon had fought him face to face, and had beaten him for seven times. Dr. M'Gibbon meantime had had plenty of opportunity to show to the bench what was the worthless character of the man, and to give to the public and the Parliament satisfactory proofs that the present Licensing Act is about as bad as any Act could be. He had shown that this man Bogan had been the landlord of a house which was a common brothel, next to the premises sought to be licensed. He had shown ; that the premises themselves had the suspicious arrangement of other premises adjoining on the other side,, which looked like designed for another quisque house. He had shown that almost every neighbour in the district was opposed to the opening of the pro posed public hoHse. And he had shown that the applicant had resorted to every conceivable dodge which a man without character could resort to, for the purpose of misleading the bench and fraudulently getting a license. But, what was of still greater consequence was, Dr. M'Gibbon had shown that there were magistrates who had attended time after time for the express purpose of granting the license in spile of the accumulating evidence that the man was utterly unfit and unworthy. No matter - that these facts were being gradually evolved, in spite of them, when the voting came, they voted for the pub lican just aB if he bad been proved to be the beBt man living. This fact ought to be considered by the Parliament, when the question is being decided, are the magistrates the beBt parties to have the power of granting licenses ? Moral character is set at defiance. The desire of the district is set at defiance. And the desire of the publican is sympathized with at all hazard. The man crowned the evidence of his total unfitness by his last application. That . he might exhibit himself as without character, and without even ordinary respect for the bench, whom he had insulted again and again, he altered his eighth application thus-: He proposed to call his hotel, not the " Londonderry . Hotel," but the " John M'Gibbon hotel." Of course, it was thought that this would cause a laugh and please the magistrates who had encouraged him hitherto ; but it was an overdoing of the thing. The man before hand learned that his insult to Dr. M'Gibbon and his attempt to trifle still further with the bench had now gone, too far; for he beforehand withdrew his application and set off to the country, that he might be out of the way! We make public these facts to show what use can be made of a "court of British justice," and how a respectable citizen, fighting with a league of pettifogging lawyers and publicans, both ex and in, is treated as if he had no right to oppose their objects. We are glad to know that the Ministry are about to introduce a new Bill. We hope that it will be an improve: ment upon the existing Act which is about as corrupt and mischievous as can well be imagined. We are bound to add that Mr. George Hill and others resisted the man Bogan's attempt to turn the bench into ridicule, and to make it the means of a brutal joke. We have been pleased to know that a very considerable number of Roman Catholics have been attending the lectures of the ex-prie8t Chiniquy. A good many were seen to be present on the first even ing of last week, and on Monday evening of this week. No doubt, in many caseB curiosity, drew them ; and it was natural ; for they have always thought that a priest who should leave the church and preach against it, must be some way or other marked as a monster deserving to be shunned. Those who attended, however, saw that there was nothing peculiar. They saw a very ordinary and- respectable man, who had one characteristic which is very uncommon among their priests — a man with open face and frank manner; whose manner and style strongly betokened " a true man " and a man in earnest. If what we have heard about the presence of Dr. Forrest and one or two other priests and leading Catholics, we only rejoice that they had courage and intelligence enough to go and listen for themselves. But we have far more hope in the intelligence and honesty of the common people. Priests and leading laymen are privileged beings. They are really participes criminis. It is. the common people who are oppressed and wronged. It is they who feel the weight of the concern. It is they who are de graded and robbed as outside the sacred circle. And therefore it is they who are first likely to long for deliverance and truth ; for their miserable position is that of men who are kept down as slaves, and who at the same time are shorn as the sheep who give the wool. And we are assured that when the day comes that the common people shall open their eyes and understand how they have been imposed upon and made beasts of burden, the revenge will be terrible. Pastor Chiniquy claims no authority over them. He -claims nothing in consequence of oratory or show. He- appeals to their own reason and common sense. He directs the people to their own copies of the "Word ot God. He appeals to their own experience. And he has the confidence of a man who knows that he was once as blind and zealous and prejudiced as they, are now ; and hence his evident hope that the means which were found sufficient for his conversion will yet be sufficient for the effecting of theirs. At a meeting of the subscribers of the Sydney Infirmary held on Wednesday evening last, in St. James's schoolroom, the' new Bill which is about to be intro duced into Parliament for the management of the institution was considered clause by clause. There were present an unusual number of priests and Roman Catholic laymen. The meeting looked very much like as if an effort had been made- to whip them all up. It was arid that every Catholic subscriber in the city was present — viz., about thirteen. We think a few more might have been found ; but it is olear from the printed list of subscribers that there were present nearly every Romish subscribers in the city. It was not easily known what could be the object of this sudden whipping up of the priests- from Sheridan, to Mahoney, and, o! the laymen, from CnrtiB to Hughes. But by and bye the object became apparent. The tenth clause of the Bill came on for con sideration, and then the secret working of the band that sat so singularly together became plain. ' Up stood priest Mahoney, and he denounced the clause in the most unmeasured terms. He said that this was an " insulting clause." It proposed that while " clergymen " of all the denominar tions should have free admission at all times to visit the patients of their own denomination, they should be ineligible for election as members of the Board of Directors ; neverless it provided that the Rev. Canon Stephen, and Priests Sheridan and Dwyer, on account of / their lengthened services, in connection with the Infirmary, should he so eligible 7 and become members of the Board if'- j- elected in the usual way. This displeased prieBt Mahoney very much. He did not see why he and other cleVgymen of other denominations who had always been the best members of. the Board, should be excluded. He thought that it was an - "insult "to him whose "life had been devoted to charity." The speech revealed the cloven foot, and so satisfied one Pro-, testant member, who had intended to ' object to the clause, that it was a right clause, that he intimated that he would , how support it ; " for if priest Mahoney and other prieBts and clergymen mani fested the same spirit and unreason on the Board which tbe speaker had manifested that night, the disputes and quarrellings. of the Board in times past were now . fully explained." Now, the orders which the " band " had received were revealed. Mr. John Hughes, in obedience to his superior, moved that the clause be amended by the omission of the " insult." Thereupon Mr. Curtis followed with an " eloquent " speech, in which -he pleaded on behalf of the clergymen as " the most ; intelligent and worthy members of the Board." Two or three others of the band followed with great eloquence and power, and the priests and clergymen rose high in the estimation of the whole meeting. The one or two Protestant clergymen who were present felt quite " refreshed " on hearing how Catholic laymen bad discovered the good qualities of the whole class! Dr. M'Kay, as a sort of measure of peace, sought to divide the difference, by proposing as a further amendment that the clause should omit everything about the clergymen, and leave the whole matter open to the. annual vote - . of the subscribers. Greedily the band snapped at this " compromise," and they promptly withdrew their amendment. Now, the voting came. The " Catholic vote " could have been counted before hand ; for when the hands were lield up, everyone of them understood the thing, even the one gentleman who complained afterwards that he could "nob vote con-' scienciously " — and the number was 14; but the other subscribers present, to the amazement ot the priests and their band, voted for the clause as it stood by 21. Father Mahoney felt " insulted " and was consequently quite crestfallen ; and Mr. J ohn Hughes, who in his devotion to his - superiors,, always impresses one with the notion that his zeal is some "penance" that he is doing for his past sins, shouted out that the Bill would never pasB the Parlia- ; ment ! — Now, the public might very well try to understand this matter. The new- Prince Alfred Hospital has passed a law, with the consent of the Parliament, that clergymen should be ineligible forelection to the Board. Other charities feel that it is necessary to resolve the same thing — espe cially Randwick. Now, the Sydney Infirmary feels the same. Why ? because it is evident to everybody that these prieBts wish to have their fingers in every pie, and to rule those charitable institu tions for their own ends and advantages. They are the originators of strife and con tention on every boafdr "In their lust for power and dominancy, and in their zeal for their church, they are perpetually raising questions of sectarianism, to the total neglect of the general interests of the institutions ; and the nuisance has gone to such a length, that laymen on those boards feel that it is impossible to manage their affairs for the public good, unless this Popish sectarian-grasping be shut out altogether. Protestant clergymen do not complain, of insult, so long as the exclusion is common, <md so long as all have free access to see the patients of their respective denominations. Protestant clergymen feel that this is really all that any clergy man can ask ; bat the priests have other objects in view, and hence their constant struggle iB to get power on the boards of all institutions, that that power may be wielded afterwards to the advantage of their chnrch. If the public will recall the confusions and strifes which have taken place in the Sydney Infirmary, in the Bandwick Institution, in the Benevo- . lent Asylum, in the Institution for the Blind, and even in the proposed Children's Hospital, it will be found without excep tion that they have originated by the graspings and interferences of the priests, or of some male, or female Jesuit who has been secretly working on their behalf. It is time that this attempt at dominancy and Popery should be brought to an end. . Especially is the attempt barefaced and impudent, as in all these institutions of charity, while the patients and recipients are three-fourths Romanists, the sub scribers are only one-tenth Romanists ! — We shall doubtless hava fresh howlings from Freeman on this new affliction to the Church. He will be in the gripes for the next week on the defeat of the eloquent Mahoney and the penance doing Hughes. He will be slandering " those horrid Orangemen who spoil everything." But there cannot be a doubt that the public will thank the Orangemen for their deter mination to preserve our charitable insti tutions from becoming Popish nurseries and " reserves of the Church." Hitherto the priests have been stealing marches and gradually encroaching like the rising tide ; but the time has come for the tide to ebb. In the letter which we publish in another column from a respected corres pondent and influential reader at New castle, respecting the past Newcastle Popish Bazaar, we give a few facts which Protestant " helpers " of those specious frauds throughout the country ought care fully and honestly to consider. We have made the unprincipled Protestant helpers at Wollongong smart because we have exposed and named them for their base subserviency to the priests in the new attempt to repeat down there what has succeeded at Newcastle so well. The facts are these : The Newcastle Protestants helped to dispose of 35070 tickets for the lottery and bazaar there in aid of the Popish convent schools. At half-a-crown each this number would amount to about £4400 ; but the whole of the prizes, which are always spoken of as being drawn on the " Arv. Union principle," according to the printed list, were not worth more than between .£300 or £400. This, conse quently, would leave a clear profit of i?4000 ! What expenses were incurred in getting up the affair, paying for the luxuries of His Lordship who attended, paying for the fine dinners and wines which were provided, have to be taken off, and so the handsome sum remaining of which the Priest Ryan and His Lord ship boasted, as the fruits of Protestant help and charity, for the freeing of the Nuns' schools from their burden of debt. —Will Protestants never have sense? Will they never open their eyes to see that these Popish bazaars are barefaced frauds upon the public ? Will they not understand that they are betraying their own cause when they thus help the Popish enemy to build up his fortresses in the land ? Some of them are so weak and base as to be caught by the flattery of the nuns as " charitable Protestants some are still weaker and more base; for they are caught with the " cheap finish " of the convent schools. Yes, their daughters are to , he turned out fine ladies instead of plain tradesmen's daughters, or servant girls, as many of them ought to be, rather than affecting to be fine ladies. They are taught a little music, a little French, a little crochet, and a little painting or drawing, and then they are to be " finished." Yes ; but not finished with out- being corrupted by the Popish atmos phere which they have been breathing, and-' the Popish example which they have been seeing ; and who does not know that the nuns are sworn to do their best for the true temporal and eternal advantage" of the young ladies committed to their care ? Are the Sisters to be blamed ? Are not rather the Protestants to be scorned who think the Sistera dishonest to their faith ? James of Maitland on Charity. — Our ancient friend, the apostolic James, has just been expressing his ideas of charity, in the small debating society in Maitland. The members of that debating society, who met for a dinner and a "quadrille party" last week. wJnfi f,hl8..lorda\p-" The apostolic James r;! dinner, but nothing is said about nis taking part m the quadrilles. It is quite orthodox for a bishop to eat dinners ; bnt he evidently has doubts about "quadrilles for a bishop." Nevertheless he blessed the laymen who were going to dance. And therefore he spoke, to a toast, on the question of charity. It delighted him to meet his dear qnadrille children in Jesus Christ, and especially when they had with them members of "other creeds." "Nothing," he said, "could give a Catholic bishop more pleasure than to see the community among whom he dwellB united in the bonds of charity. and brotherly love." This was very much like an after dinner speech, when thewine had begun to show its qualfties by elevating the " good feelings even to weep ing." But while the wine might thus tell, and make James very charitable at the sight of other creeds met to dance with his "dear children in Jesus Christ," when the wine went out, his Popery would return in denounc ing heretics, at his altar, in his prayers and sermons to the perdition they deserve, as " out of the only Church in which there is Balvation." Such charitable speeches are only falsehood : they do very well to deceive the ignorant and Bimple. Pastor Chiniquy's Lectures. — In this week's issue we give as much as possible of these interesting lectures, which were delivered last week. In next week's issue will appear a similar report of this week's lectures. As it will be impossible for the pastor to visit more than a few placeB in the interior, Messrs. Lee & Ross have undertaken to republish in pamphlet form, with the portrait in front, the lectures which will appear iu the Standard. This will be a great convenience for the. lodges and brethren in the country. "VVe recommend that the lodges arrange to have sent them a good parcel for distribution in their neighbourhood. The pamphlets will contain about 3G pages, and will be supplied them at not more than 2s. fid. per dozen. If the lodges will accept this suggestion and forward their orders early to Messrs. Lee & Ross, or to the Standard offiee, they will do a great good to the cause by the diffusion of good Protestant reading. Popery and Bosks.— The apostolic James of Maitland, when he met his literary Catholic young men at Maitland, the other day, when they had assembled for a "quadrille party,' told them some things about charity and good books. We should like very much to get the Bishop's list of "good, useful, safe and enlightening books." We have an idea of what his good books would be which he would desire hi3 young literary men to read ; but we should very much desire to see the list. We are quite sure that one of those books would not bo the Bible; nor "Macaulay's History," nor "Locke on the Understanding," nor " Whately on Logic," nor " Collette's Henry VIII.," in reply to all the slaaders of the priests of Rome. We should expect to find "The Glories of Mary," " The Lives of the Saints," or the " History of Jack the Giant Killer but we should not ex pect to find anything whioh would assert the right of men to ubo their reason and to " debate " on subjects which concern their souls as rational beings. The Bishop of Mait land is like all his sort -he has a mortal dread of things which will make his people think. Popish Sunday Reverence.— Our attention has been called to an advertisment in the Parramatta Mercury/, intimating that on Sunday 10th Nov. next, Dr. Vaughan will lay the foundation stone of a tower for St. Patrick's Chnrch. This, no doubt, is a breach both of the Bible law, and the law of the land, on the Sunday question. But what cares Dr. Vaughan about the Sunday, or about the law of the land, if the Church wants the money 1 If the Papists and the Infidels had their own way, we should not be long before we should have in this colony the Continental Sunday, which is the natural outcome of Popish teaching and example. Dramatic Oration on the Bible.— Mr. G. E. A. Kenney makes his first appearance before a Sydney audience, with his dramatic oration on the Bible, in the Temperance ITal Pitt-street, on Thursday evening, October 17th. From the report we have seen of tbiB gentle man's appearance elsewhere, we gather that his production and hiB manner of presenting it to the public are really excellent. His elocution is declared to be exceedingly good, his expres sion unusually clear and deliberate. It is un hesitatingly declared to be a masterpiece, the delivery of which might be listened to with pleasure and profit by every thoughtful persou in the colony, no matter what their educational attainments or position may be. He is said to be a public speaker of no mean order. Beauty and grandeur are said to be the leading charac teristics of this oration, which the author says is prepared to reach every class of the com munity, from the inveterate playgoer to the enthusiastic lover of the Bible. 