NEW KQMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH WEST ? J KEMPSEY. . ' ? .,,; {Madeay Serald June) 8. , \ .-,,- .- At the hour or 11 o clock on Sunday last, his : Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, attended by the , ? Very Rev. Dean White, Administrator of the / ? diocese of Armidale end the Rev. J. J. O'Riordan, proceeded to the Government site in West , ., Kempsey in order to bless the foundation stone of . the new Roman Catholic Church. After mass, which waa celebrated]by the Rev. . J. O'Sullivan of G-rafton, his Grraco proceeded to i bless the foundation stone. After performing this interesting ceremony the Archbishop com menced to preach a sermon appropriate to the occasion, He opened his address by bringing before the minds of the congregation the nature and excel lence of the triple kingdom or God. He first painted in vivid colours fche majesty and untold grandeur of the Kingdom of Heaven, whore the Father, Son and Holy Ghost dv/elfc amid the ; inaccessible light of the Divinity, whilst myriads. ??. and myriads of angelic spirits' pour forth ceaaa- . lossly their hymns of praise and love — angel- ..?'?? tribute to the great Master. He then proceeded to discant on the beauties : of God's kingdom of nature ; tho green turf underneath man's foot, studded over with beautiful flowers, and over man's head, tho count less millions of stars and ouns, while from creation there is going up evermore an undying Bong of homage to tho Creator. He next dwelt on the Temple — the work of man's hands — which ho raiser) as his tribute to the eternal God. He observed, that among all the edifices erected for G-od'a v/orohip, a Catholic Church is pre- eminently the most fitting and acceptable. He explained this by ehowing how in ? ouch a temple the attributes o£ the most High, and the beneficent outcome to man are distinctly and impressively typified and brought before the ? worshipper. The porch in v/bich, stands the font symbolical of the saving waters of baptism, in which sin, original end actual, is washed away c;nd by which the Christian's birthright ia assured : to him ; the confessional, in which the aorrow laden sinner leaves hio burthen of sin and goeth on his v/ay rejoicing ; tho tabernacle, the presence of the Lord in which oanotinoa end consecrates the buildiug and from which eometh forth strength to tho way-farer in his weary wandering on earth. After developing in appropriate : language those different points, his ©race con cluded a truly eloquent discouroe of over an hour's duration by appealing earnestly to tho congre gation to exert themEeivoo vigorously to erect the new church, and to do go quickly and readily, even though tho Gccrifica entailed on them there by was heavy and burfchenoome. The appeal rms generously rennonded to, tho large sum of eight hundred pounds being imme subscribed. Of this amount d850O vraa paid down in solid cash. Several Protestants liberally con tributed to the fund. After the Ceremony Dr. Gabriel .entertained hio Grace and several othor gentlemen &fc; lunch. , On Monday at ihe iiour o£ II o'clock his Grace the Ai'chbicliop adminiefcored fclic Daeramenfc of Confirmation in the Eaafc Kompsoy Churoh to about 80 children or both goscb. Before admin istering Confirmation his G-rcce addressed the candidates and reminded ihoia of the solemn, nature of thio cacranient. Ko cpoke at consider- ? able length on the virtue and pov/or of ths' Holy : Spirit of G-od whom they wero about to receive*,. '.'?. and of the obligations to v/hich they pledge - themselves in tho recovstion ,o£ fchio nr.cro-monfc. He then iidmi-aisteisd the G?.cvament and .con cluded the cerviee by r_n or.vne-..:fc criliorb.tion to all vho lied boen confirmed to prcwere in the love and service Oi God. Tho.v/eather wao most propitious and fcho pro ceedings pf tho day v/oro in ovory v/ay, x/o are glad to ' say, highly catio&cfcory; end gratifying to . our Eonian Catholio brethren c:ad, tho diotin- : „ . (juished occicoiciotic v/lip o.y.cint-'l on t)-.io -oce&v.; ;?? - ion, . , n'iiF'™ ' ^?-???^'ig'-B''-.'r.«-.f. ? ???'? ' ' ' ? SOVAK CATHOLIC ADDBE8S TO THE ABCHBISHOP. The deputation appointed to wait upon His draco Archbishop Vaugtian with au addross of ?welcome, attended at the residence of the Rev. -5. J. O'Riordan at -i p.m. on Tuesday last. ??when the following address way presented to His 0-race : — ' The Catholics of this district looked forward smxiously for the viait of your Grace and now that it ia realized we tender to your G-raco, on their behalf, the expression of their thankfulness for your coming amongst them. ' Knowing the laborious intellectual toil which your great duties entailjupon you, they gratefully acknowledge fcho consideration for their welfare ?which caused you to make a voyage of nearly three hundred miles to lay the foundation of their Church, and to counsel and instruct them, in the duties of that faith to which the greatest nationo of the earth oxvo thoir happmcao and prosperity. ' They reverently solicit your G-raco to accept the assurance of their heartfelt wish that many years of health may be granted to you in the fulfilment of the great mission confided to your Grace's pastoral care.' His Grace in replying remarked that his visit to the Macleay afforded him much reason to be gratified. A commencement which gave promise of their soon having a handsome and suitable Church was made. It gave him groat pleasure to ?witness on the previous Sunday the manner in ?which so many pressed forward to contribute towards the cost of the building. It was the manifestation of an earnest purpose. The amounts (subscribed would onable them to have a church, which would be what was required. His visit to the . Macleay River and to many other districts, had t'hown him how different was : the condition of most people in this colony, and the majority in the old country. Here almost every man had his own house and land. In the old country the majority did not enjoy theso advantages and the pros perity here was owing to frugality and care. This juust hot be accepted as his last visit to the Macleay. If possible ho would come on the occasion of tho opening of their church. His -lrace thanked tho Catholics of this district, for ?the good feeling which the words of their address expressed to himBelf. The address was presented by J. B. Casey, Esq., ? ff. P, and was signed by the following persons on ?behalf of the Catholics of the district : — C. J. N. Dease, C. L. Gabriel, T. C. Clarke, H. 'Weingarth, T. Galvin, A. Gersbach, J. Butler, A. Egan, J. B. Caaey, T. Kerrigan, M. Kerrigan J. Clark, E. 'Walsh, J. J. Duffy, E. M'Hugh. We have been obliged to hold over until next -week an article now in type on the Education Beport. fcST. Maey's Building Fund. — The usual weekly meeting in St. Mary's Seminary was held on Sunday eveiiing. Father Mahoney presided, und the treasurers, Messrs. Mullins, J.P., and Hollingdale, being as usual present. Dr. M'Donagh and Messrs. Curtis, Horau, and otliers ' -rere present. Father Sheridan made the usual collection hi the room, and several amounts were lianded to the treasurers. Altogether a very liandsomo amount vra3 collected. The Eev. Father Keog-han. — The Very Rev. Dean Flanagan and Mr. James Carroll, the treasurer and secretary to the Keoghan Testi monial fund, presented the last instalment to Father Kooghan on Friday evening last previous to his departure for Europe with Dean M'Carthy. The following statement shows the amounts received from tho different localities : — Kiama contributed £118 ; Jamberoo, £58 ; Gerringong, £115 10s ; Albion Park, £11 10s ; Broughton CVeek, £15 ; Grafton, £10 10s ; Wollongong and Sydney, £227 6s 9d ; total, £555 16s 9d. St. Fbakcis' Hall. — A very excellent amateur theatrical performance was given in St. Francis' I Tall on Monday evening last. The proceeds of the entertainment was devoted to pay off the debt on the church and schools. The audience was very large and quite filled the hall. There were ssveral clergymen present who occupied seats on the platform. The first piece played was Cardi nal Wiseman'o drama, entitled 'The Hidden CVem.' The part of Alexis was remarkably well Dustained by Mr. J. M'Mahon. The other char acters were also well played. The oecondpart con sisted of the trial scene from the Merchant of Ven ice, Shylock being well sustained by Mr. J. Halpin. The evening'G entertainment was concluded with c laughable farco entitled ' The Sudden Arrival,' which created great amusement. The proceeds of the entertainment must be large, and the young gentlemen, especially Mr. M'Mahon, who was largely instrumental in getting it \ip, deserve the thanks of tho St. Francis' congegation. We heav tho ontortainment will be repeated in aid of the Female Homo on July 1st. ? Anbwees to Coeeespohdents. — We have re eeived oevoral letters from the country making inquiriea on various matters. Wo beg to inti mate that theoo are being inquired into, and will bo answered next weak. St. Maet's Building Fund List.— Pressure on our space has compelled us to hold over the list, which is in print, till the next issue. Aeeival of the Mail. — The City of Sydney with tho English mails, via San Frrncisco, arrived hero on Wednesday morning. She ; brings files from Europe to 25th April, and from San Fran cisco to 13th May. Among our budget ive have received a letter from our Paris correspondent, and another from our Irish correspondent, ' Erionach ' describing a town in Connaughfc. Thn mail arrived too late in the v/eok for us to publish thsm fchla v/cak. The Sites' Mail. — The Assam, with tho Suez mails, arrived at lung George'a Soiuid on Thurs day evening last. At tho Guild Hall 'Jili\ Darcy Bead's exhibi tion haa lost none of its popularity. A new illu sion, entitled 'Ye Pant, Present, and Future,' lias been introduced durhig tho past week. The illusion ia wonderfully clover, rind ought to be seen by all. As fchs Thcz^xo Hoycl lira. Qcolt-Sicldonn io R^Ko'titriecd to ploy tho ' QoLoa. L'avro,'' 