Out Boys iind Girls at Ballarat. DE8ULTOBY DOTTING IN BB THE BALLABAT DISTRICT. BY BOTTOM YE WEAVER. I.— On tub road,' 1 : "Well, what think you of Ballarat?" I asked, over a score of years ago, of a ships in&t6;| whoso last vontnro had boon an unsuccessful spell at the diggings overlooked )by the hill at;W arreuh'eip, "Itla; thooity of contradlotiouB and sensationalism ",was the repiy. i no people as well as , the ground seems turned npsido down. They talk of it ae boing paved with gold, while the streets are knee deep with mud. Hundreds are making fortunes, and I, sir, oonld not earn my tncker; there are no taxes to Bpeak of, ypt an obnoxious licensing fee which 'everybody anathematises; it is the abode of freedom, yet diggers 'are under the tyranny of .every npstart gold commissioner, mounted trooper, or juvenile ondet, Tho people are "loyal, almost to a man, yet firo npon tho Qneen's troops ;the'y: applaud God Save the Qnsen nightly at .concert roams, and oponly curse hor Majesty's representative;" In , time Ballarat ecems to have got over a few of these anomalies; certainly, if tho streets are not aotually paved with gold, gold, at any , rate, has paved many of them' very creditably , Nevertheless, sensational items in the history of the place, its mines and'. ; its manners, have cropped onty and still crop out prominently from an otherwise .'Bionatonoas round of common-plaoe detalla. There, for years,' were the' deepest Bhafts,:. there the richest loads, there the most : auriferous pookets, and . there were found the largest nuggets ever seen by mortal eye,: Great fortunes were still made and loBt there ; the Ourner grew active there, patting all other groups of specu lators into tbo shade : completely, Bal larat was for a long; time the favorite haunt of the Oalifornian, and the home, par excellence, ot John Ohinaman, bent on digging adventures. It threatens or promises to be the very Birmingham of politics also, and future Ministries are likely to bid high for the smiles of suoh a mining centre. Within the last few weeks the same place has become famous in a manner, to my mind, more than ordinarily meritorions. ' It has justinangnrated, with'bandsof musio, processions, viceregal presence, and some little, but not too much, pomp, an exhibition of juvenile skilled handlorait — I had almost written workmanship—but remember that the' works of young ladies form no small item in the show, ' ' . In my assnmed character I am, as may ' be supposed, intensely interested respecting all things pertaining to improvements in warp and woof, of loom and shuttle, of beam and bobbin, the spinning of yarns and the dexterous handling ot the same to manufacture broad.cloth, In my . real calling I am no less pleased to see exposed to view the resnlts of Victorian brains, bands, or oapital in the shape of in ventions, works o( art, or productions of real utility, We have had a good many shows for exhibiting these things in years past, but nono meeting exaotly all the exigencies of the case. We have almost forgotten the old adage about the boy being the father to the inao, and have somewhat neglected him, until he Btood. before as— his ?- own son I suppose— a full grown adnlt. True we give him education. He may learn 'to read, write, deoipher, gratis; mattioulatc at a small cost; and rise, if so inclined, without hindrance, to the highest scholastic honors. This very oourse of instruction, however; may prove ruinous. At school or at college, fame is to bewon and this begets emulation. The lad who has passed as a double first at the University, or even taken prizeB at a State edaoatioual establishment, has tasted the sweets of well-earned applauee aod, assuredly, will thirst for more. An apprenticeship to a useful mechanical trade seems to Bhut the door to youthful emulation altogether, at' any rats, for a time, Let the aspirant become a man and ho,' or the master of the factory wherein he works, has a chance of placing, whero the public can see, the evidence of Mb skill and industry. He can do this in a regular exhibition, but there the yonthfuloompetitor struggles under no small amount ot draw, backs. Chief of these, his productions are Bet side by Bide with those of men who have devoted a lifetime to their business, whilst he (the juvenile) iB as yet only learning the bate rudiments of his oraft. No wonder the young heart sinks at the prospect, sighs for the return of Bohool speech days, when a successful competition with youths of his own age would win him plan, dits from grey headed soholars and an audience olamorouB for fair play, No won der either that a lad so disappointed chooses other occupations not half so usoful, but offering more inducements than simple trade. The choice is natural, but unwise. The practioe, if continned, is certain to be fraught with evil, not only to the rising ge<> neration, bat also to tho colony. Our pro fessions are getting overstocked, and there threatens to be a run tor admission into the Civil Service painful to contemplate. In' another decade the chances seem to be that Melbonrue, metaphorically speaking, will be filled with hawks and pigeons ; in other words, a class of learned but penniless men, ready to prey npon eociety, and set it together by the ears, with a view that they, the instigators of the Btrife, may gain some little of the bread whioh perisheth out of the quarrel. Ere long we may look forward to Bee a community of lawyers full of quips and quiddities, but without oases ; politicians anxioas to oircnmvent heaven for the good of their country oonld they only seeuro'. a seat in Parliament ; barristers ready with any amount of suggeatio falsi and euppresslo veri, but unable to put them In prnotlce from a lack of briefs ; and doctors reading the bills of mortality with the eye of a hungry vulture watching the battle, and praying for an outbreak of typhus, oholera, plague, pestilence, anything but famine, that possibly may bring temporary grist to tho medical mill. The remedy for this probable etate of things is to eBConrage our youths to enter meohauical businesses, wherein overy fresh apprentice bids fair to beoome a use ful member of sooiety, and not a mero drone in the world's groat |hivo. This enoourage- mont, to prove effectual, must be given early. The hoy just leaving school, tho girl not yot in her toons, must bo taught thoro is a dignity in labor, and .that loafing even in a learned profession, or a woll-furnished drawing-room, is a soaudnl and a orimo. There was, in days of yoro, au old fashioaod way of enforolng this axiom; occasionally it wbb lost sight of, Something over a quarter of a century since I, Nick Bottom,, of tho weaving fraternity, was speaking familiarly to a high dignitary of tho English Church, relative to the talents of a man who had won somo small amount of notoriety by valuable contributions to natural' science, ,"\Vbat is tho gentleman's profession?" asked my intoriooutor, "I think a oat' pentor." " Indeed," with,aBl thought, tho bare shadow of a sneer, " thoso shoemakers stonemasons, and carponters, seem threaten ing to make something of a noise in the world," "Yes," I Baitl, "if I r9mombor rightly, a young carpenter mado soma Iittlo noise in tho world eighteen hundred yoars ago," " Bottom," said the former speaker, "if you intended that for a reproof, and my tones led you to think I spoke disparagingly of tho man's profes sion I deserted your correction, I shall not forget it." Ho did not, for the . the next Sunday his sormon was on the sin of idleness, and ho used my ' remark as_ nn illustration, A few of onr young mon just now are too wise, or too stupid;, to see aught like a lesson; or anything' of sublimity, in that grand old . story Of ; thb. Jewish boy meohanio who loft tho bonoh to go Bboub tbo bnsinoss of his Father, Tho old beliof, therefore, being somewhat out of fashion, wo must try and provide a substitute of some kind. Possibly an exhibition like that whioh I am about to describe, with proo therein of what boys can do, and offioring reward of prizeB for skill and industry, may bo as good a substitute as mauy of those proposed by wiser heads than mine,' ; I had' been thinking this, and had resolvod to write about it, when Mrs Micawber's aphorism, to wit, that " thoBO who would start in the coal trade on the Medway should first look at" the Medway," reminded me that if I would hopo to discourse effec tively relntivo to tho Ballarat juvenile col lection, I ought by all moans to visit fisllarat, ( Behold me; then, my ticket taken, just before half-past six, on a bright Maroh morning, at the Spencer street terminus, duly booked, as it Btrikes me, like merchan dise, and due atjthe great goldfields metropo lis by half-past ten a,m, ; My fellow passengers in the carriage are a young lady of sixteen, who gets out at Littlo River; and an old lady of sixty, who is ap parently destined to be my companion for the entire journey, We stop at Geolonp for refreshments, and then start for Ballarat direct, Ab the lady just mentioned seems determined not to bo conversational, I am bound perforce to amuse myself with the only literary matter available, viz., a oollee- tion of newspaper correspondence, .by George Aguslns t'a a, wherein that graphic writer dilutes upon a journey through Iberia, the Bpcky, Tho prinoipal feature of the views : therein described was tho immense num ber of stones everywhere abounding, to the great perplexity of the traveller, ' The vivid picture drawn of the scone reminds mo of a. former jbufnoy to Ballarat, my first— sub- sequent oneB, were always . at. night— by the same line, . wherein a haunt ing presence perplexed me quite as continuously, but happened to be, not stooes, but trees. My relator of Iberian character istics invented legends concerning the things bo'saw, conjured np- histories, gave them lifp end individuality, as thoHgh he had bad :to do with sentient beings. I remember having also done something of the kind upon the occasion mentioned, and likened the forest to a troop of melancholy ghosts whirling round in a mad dance, to strains of unearthly ; rauBic — the puff, rattle, and whistle of the passing engine. ThiB ceaseless whirl made me; giddy, and the continued re-appearanee of the same figures finally sent me to sleep. In my dream following I had a perfect nightmareofoakeandelms, IimaginedDantes 8yfvan scene as drawn by Dore. I had not seen it then, where trees are repre sented as half wood, half human. I wbb a knight not riding through; but ridden over by a forest ot illimitable extent. I was Ariel, and Syeorax was squeezing me in a . boot tree, and I awoke to find trees, trees trees, on every side, Byoorax evidently meant to torture me, not by one speolmen of a bore Been t growth, but by a whole wood of ugly timber. Qn this, my present journey, I am almost as muoh perplexed, but in a way quite dif ferent, I have been looking out for the same kind of torture ever since leaving Moorabool, but it does not oome, By some sort of magic— that of progress, civilization, and agricultural energy — the scene is now almost as olear of timber as is the district of the Werribee, Bottloment and enterprise are, I see doing wonders. The- iron horse Ib 1 here, as elsewhore, gradually nibbling away at the forest land, quietly yet surely, «b his predecessor of flesh and blood, rats through a crop of meadow grass. At all events, the trees are gone, or have removed to o'distsnce where they fringe the horizon with a long dark line; or they are represented by a crowd of stamps, which the ;iron horse in question has not yot had time orinclination to attaok; or, sad and solitary, stand a few of them with stripped branches, Btretching ont bleached and whitened against the sky, as though in terror or in protest, the last of an anoient race passing noiselessly away. When, at last, the.trees do appear, they are not what I expected to have seen, The enemy is in the midst of theso also. The wooden army is evidently rented, retreating disorganized, and about to be broken np, . Big monarchB of tho foreat are elbowed oat of the way by such npBtarts as wheat and olover ; a cottage is in urgent of a garden plot, and gets it. No woodman seems to spare tho tree, if the same is valu able bb fuol, or if its room is to be preferred to its company. Surveyors put up marks and blaze the barks of certain trunks, nad the stately eucalyptus knows the sign to bo a sort of "bicherto shall thou come but ?? further" not to bs trifled with. Hero is nnmistakcable consternation within the heart of the sylvan troop, lam quite sure their howlings in tho wind must, bo more doleful now than hsual. I picture them as bb getting burnt up by passing bush fires In despair, I notice some of them lying en the ground dis torted ssthough in an agony of fright and fancy that as the breeze whistles through their leafless branches, they are heard to say to any policeman trees n their vicinity, "See here wo lie imbecile and hopeless, and in our latter days naked before our enemies, Root us out, chop us up, bear us hence, do with us what you will, as Trotty Veck said, wo aro clearly not wanted, but ore mero cumberers, of the soil. Fast Buninyong, the forest — or what re mains of it — opens .again. It is evidently attaoked in front and rear, but by quite a different foe in the several cases. Not only the woodman but the very gnomeB of the town regions Beem to have hero declared war against the woods, and having tamed tho earth literally inside ont, have left the sur face bare bb a desert. It wbb soraewhore about this point that I lost sight of the old lady, She did not leave tho carriage; .but Beveral other persons entered it. The prinoipal of these were four young gentlemen, I believe they were so socially considered, but the word iB here applied to them because their business for the day harmonised so especially with my own viewB previously stated, He is always a gentleman who agrees with yen, and vice versa. The new-comers were still sohool-boya and, it being Batnrday, out for a reoroatlon- trip, They had eschewed cricket, football, bird-nesting and other youthful nmasemoats for the time, and were on the road to Ballarat with a view of visiting the exhibition. Two . of tho boys 1 learned were exhibitors, I spoke to them about similar Bhows in Melbourne, but these thoy had not seen, and of the groat world's fair of 1861,; but this was to them as mnoh a matter of history (a little more pleasant, it may be), as the faot of all Gaul having hcon divided into throe parts, and the place of information trite enough to overy school boy about Calypso refusing to be comforted, Tho volunteered information, howevor, won the confidence of tho lads, and rendered them communicative, As my politeness induced me to listen attentively to all thoir narratives of byegono adventures, thoy speedily unbosomed thomselvcB spontane ously ;aB to thoir future intentions. Ono was to be an onginocr, the othor a builder, the third n cabinetmaker— by tho way, not political— and the yonngest of tho quartette a Bailor,- I purposely placed graphic figures before? tliom of professional success, Civil Bervio'o' oromotion, mercantile gains, and military glory; bnt thoy wore all, at least for that day, mechanical in their as pirations, Tho engineer showed me tho hardened eutiola on his palms, " whioh," said he proudly, " I did in making tbo model for Ballarat." The cabinetmaker had already constructed a chest of draws for his mothor and a workbox for his sister ; the builder had erected tho walls of a pigsty with his own bands, and designed a guber notorial palace, aided by tbo prompting of a work on architecture. As for the sailor, the amount of mean-time information imparted by that embryo Nelson of ton Bummers qnito amazed me. Ho oxplainad to me the difference between tho bowsprit and tho spnnkor boom ; informed me that on board a : man-ofiwar tho cath'oad wao by no moanB synonomous with the , antipodes of tho tail of the cat ; and that although something nliko 'tiio truoki' was not the capstan, one being at tbo ton the' mast, the other fixed on dook. To illustrate tho latter pieoe of ship's fittings, my Instructor produced ono from bis Jpookot, as also a binnaolo, a well equipped windlass, a main dook gun, two nnchors, and along boat, Thoy wore models, of oourse, or |I might incontinently havo , fancied myself Infosled with another night mare, or on the road not to Ballarat, but a place muoh warmer, and in company with tbe gentleman in black who wheedled Peter Scbemil ont of his shadow, My confidence in my.yonng friends maritime lore, very nearly received a severe shock by his own confession of novor having had more naatical experience thnn that derived from a sail on Wendoureo, and a look at Burrumbeet. I was merciful, howovor, remember ing that at tbo same person's age the present writer bad never aeon a larger veseol than a half rotten punt irrevo cably stranded in tho mad of a fish pond, and yet he talked as glibly of masts and yards, rndders and cutwaters, tnffrails, and figure-heads as did his then interlocutor, It is simply tbe old, old story of .longing for what we have not, and an aptitude for what personally wo havo never learned. So a retired admiral (Bona) enda his days as a leader on the turf ; a dragoon, (Anglesea) losing bis leg at Waterloo, beoomes commo dore of the yacht club ; Watt, a mathemati cal instrument maker, imagines the steam engine ; Arkwright, a barber, invents the loom; and a butcher boy rules the proud est king that ever sat upon the throne of England. One might extend tho parallel to matters oolonial , but to do fp would be personal, Buffico it to say there Is here, and in England too, no slavish blad ing of tho tradesmau to his own calling for . count life generations. If the cobbler goes beyond his InBt, ho does so at his own porii, and muBt expect the usual taunts ntid ridi cule; but bo is a free agent, nevertheless. Ho mnydoaBbe pleasos, and if he wins there aro none dare say him nay, Ry this time we have reached Ballarat, which, en the first view, at any rate, bears out its former character of being a city of contradictions. Right opposite the terminus the Blaok Rill gleams with almoBt snowy whiteness in the rays, still slanting, of the morning ann. 