CRIMINAL SITTINGS. . WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27. FIRST COURT. Before the CHIEF JUSTICE. The Court sat at ten a.m. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL as before, conducted the cases for the Crown. REG. V. KITCHEN. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said he had looked into the cases, and had come to the conclusion that it was his duty to go on with the case. He submitted that the plea of autrefois acquit should be engrossed on parchment. His HONOR said in strictness the plea and re- joinder ought to be drawn- properly, and perhaps it would bo better to proceed regularly, Tho A'TTORNEY-GENERAL cited Menina v. Green 7 Cox's Reports, and a case from 2 Russell on Crimes, p. 24, which he submitted was a case on all fours with the present one. His HONOR asked Mr. Dodds if he thought it worth while to proceed on the plea? He was yes- terday inclined to agree with him, for the name of the person was not of the essence of the offence, but they could not shut their eyes to the fact that the law had been altered; by the concession of the law, amendments might take place, but that was the only alteration that had been made. He did not see how Mr. Dodds could get over the authority cited. After a few remarks by Mr. Dodds, who wished to argue the point, the case was postponed till to- morrow morning, His Honor consenting to take bail for the appearance of the accused. The bail not being forthcoming Kitchen was removed in charge. THE MURDER AT NORTH WEST BAY. Francis Shearan (65), was charged with having on the 5th November feloniously, wilfully, and with malice aforethought, killed and wounded Lawrence Fallon. Plea not guilty. Mr. A, J. CLARK; defended the prisoner. Jury : Messrs. R. J. Wills (foreman), William Kearney, Amos Hayton, Lawrence Kelly, John Bailey, David Hyland, D. Garlick, C. A. Lester, W. Lovell, F. M. Trappes, Samuel Payne, and A. R. Simmons. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL opened the case, and said he thought when the jury had heard the evidence, they would be of opinion that the crime was of a most heartless character. He held in his hand a plan of the locality where the offence was committed. In the course of his address, the learned counsel mentioned several matters which afforded clues to the detection of the murderer, showing how difficult it was for a man to commit murder or any other offence without leaving some clue to discovery. He adverted to facts which showed the motive which actuated the prisoner in the perpetration of the crime ; and gave the jury to understand that the evidence to be offered in support of the charge was circumstantial. J. Mallard Clarke, surveyor, proved and verified the plan which he had made from actual survey, the various features of the locus in quo having been pointed out to him by D. C. Stewart. D.C. Robert Walter Stewart proved that on November 10, accompanied by Constable Finn and another, he went to the hut of the prisoner. Witness wanted prisoner to lend him a spade in order to examine a hole at the bottom of his place, and for him to go with them. He lent the spade, and said he had no objection to go, but he advised them not to go, as there were some large holes there, and it might be difficult to got out again. He said he had a cow which had fallen into one, and he had a difficulty in getting her out, and he had covered up the hole. Witness asked if he had seen Fallon's ghost. He said no. He took the boy, Jas. Levan, to point out the hole. The hole was fenced round, and, among other things, a large log, over a ton weight, covered the hole. They re- moved the log on one side, and found the body of Fallon under the log. It was then taken to the Morning Star Inn, Margate. Witness found some receipts in the waistcoat pocket, and the right hand trowsers pocket was turned inside out. The prisoner disappeared, but he gave himself up to John Denehey, on the 1st Nov. Witness saw him at the watchhouse Kingston, and charged him with murder ; he said he was sorry he had run away, but he was too ill to go and help them burst the log. Constable Patrick Finn proved that he last saw deceased alive on the 4th October ; he accompanied Mr. Stewart to prisoner's hut on the 10th November, and in reply to Mr. Stewart prisoner said there were several holes in his ground. Witness and prisoner followed the others until within 60 yards of the large hole, when prisoner turned on one side and afterwards disappeared; witness went in pursuit and could not find him, but saw him when after- wards arrested. The witness gave testimony as to prisoner having expressed himself as annoyed, because Fallon had said he had put poison in some soup with the intention to poison him. Deceased appeared to live hard ; witness went to prisoner's hut to pay his wife some money, a charitable allow- ance. He received half a crown a week from the Government, By Mr. CLARK; : John Denehey first told me Fallon was missing ; that was on 29th Oct. I went to Fallon's hut on the following day, and found it locked. I then reported to Mr. Stewart that Fallon was missing. Fallon used to live at Ridgway. I have heard that he was fined for having an illicit still. I know nothing about a quarrel between de- ceased and prisoner, except about the soup. Mr. Stewart, recalled, produced certain docu- ments which he had found in a box in Fallon's hut. Elizabeth Young (affirmed) proved that Fallon lived alone, and his diet was very low since his wife went to the Invalid Depot. Witness also de- posed that when Fallon came down first, last August twelve months, he took out of his pocket some notes, on which he must have lived, for he did no work. She had also seen him with a little money-bag round his neck, and said Fallon told her he had money. On the 5th October witness went up to John Denehey's, whose wife was confined, a lad being with her ; as she was passing Shearan's, at four in the morning, she observed a light at the back of his place, between it and Fallon's. On Oct. 9, at ten in the morning, witness was again passing Shearan's when his dog barked, and Shearan came up from the direction of where she had been since shown that the body was found. On the same day Shearan went down with witness to her house. There were some ends of palings which had been burnt, and Shearan said, "Halloa, who has been here ?" and seemed much surprised. On a subse- quent Saturday, November 3, Shearan called at her house, and in conversation said there were a great many holes about where he lived, and he must fill them in, to prevent his cow falling in. Afterwards Shearan got her to write for an unclaimed letter, saying he expected it was from some of his mates, and as he was unwell he thought he should leave the gully. After that, on the 10th, between 7 and 8 in the morning, the prisoner spoke of Fallon as dead. There had been a search for a few days for Fallon, and Shearan had joined in the search. That was in tho morning of the day on which Fallon's body was found. On the 7th October prisoner said he had made some soup and taken it down to Fallon, and old Lary had raised a report that he had tried to poison him. He was angry at the report, and said he would hunt his cattle. Cross-examined : I saw Fallon last on the 4th October. I saw him twice on that day. The last time after dinner, he was going down to North- west Bay with some potatoes on his mare. By the Court : Fallon had three head of cattle, a mare, and filly; he was cultivating a piece of ground, raising potatoes. Constable Finn, re-callcd, said he asked prisoner on the 2nd and 8th November if he knew where Fallon had gone to, and he said he might be at Ridgway burning charcoal ; on another occasion he said he had seen Fallon dressed, his best hat and coat on going in the direction of the fifty acres, and he thought he was going to Hobart Town. Michael Minahan, a boy living with his parents near North-West Bay, proved that some time ago, as he was looking after cattle on Denehey's Hill, he saw the prisoner down at the hole where Fallon's body as found, cross-cutting a log near, and on witness getting to the hole some time afterwards the log was in the hole, Witness asked Shearan what he was doing with the log, and he said preventing the heifer from getting into the hole. James Levan, a youth, proved that on November 7 he went to Shearan's hut, and found the door pad- locked, He then went in the direction of a barking. dog, and saw Shearan and Minahan standing by the log that had been sawn off; they then went to Fallon's hut. On coming to the hole Shearan said he had been filling up the hole because his heifer had fallen in. On the 10th, witness accompanied Stewart and Finn to Shearan's hut ; and afterwards went with Stewart to the hole where the body -was found. Witness then said he had heard Shearan say about May last, at Minahan's house, that Fallon had money, and it would be easy for chaps to follow him down the road, and hit him with a stone, and said something about taking his money. Cross-examined : They were playing cards at Denehey's. Patrick McCauley corroborated the last witness as to the statement of prisoner that Larry was going to town in the evening ; that he had a lot of ' money, and it would be easy for young fellows to follow him below Levan's, hit him with a "three" at the back of the neck, and take his money. No one made a reply. Witness told plenty of people about it before Fallon disappeared. Cross-examined : I can't remember what led up to the conversation. Michael Minahan, the elder, and Bridget Mina- han, his wife, were called to confirm the evidence of the preceding two witnesses, but neither of them remembered anything of the kind. George Levan deposed that he last saw Fallon alive on the last day of September or the first day of October, and he also gave evidence that priso- ner had told him that Fallon had put about a rumour that he had tried to poison him with some soup, which seemed to have made him very angry. Philip Denehey, farmer, at the Snug, near Poverty Gully, proved that he knew deceased. Witness gave evidence respecting the means of the deceased. John Denehey, farmer, at the Snug, proved that prisoner came to him for a drink of water on the Friday, and next morning he gave himself up to witness as his prisoner. Witness asked him what made him run away. He said because he did not feel inclined to go to work for the police. Cross-examined : I never heard of any quarrel between Fallon and the prisoner, except about the soup. Prisoner told me twelve months ago he in- tended to fill up that hole. Dr. Barnard gave the medical evidence, which was the same as that given at the coroner's inquest. On making the examination he found, among other things, a depression on the right side of the back of the head, the skull was fractured, and that injury was enough to cause death. Witness had no doubt, from the appearances, that the wound had been inflicted during life ; such an injury could not have resulted from a fall. It was inflicted with an instrument which was either wood, stone, or iron. Cross-examined : There would be bleeding from such a wound, and would coagulate outside. The cross examination extended to great length, having reference to technical matters. This being the case for the prosecution, Mr. CLARK addressed the jury, and expressed the hope that they would exclude from their minds all that they had read or heard of this case outside the court, and be guided by the substantial evidence that had been adduced. The principal ground on which the Crown rested for convicting the prisoner was that he filled up that hole, hut it was very improbable that a murderer would go about telling everybody that he had buried the victim, and even put a fence around the grave. The only other thing against him was that he had run away, but the prisoner solemnly denied that he had run away; the fact was, he was taken ill, and in the agonies of dysentery was kept in the scrub for hours. The learned counsel severely commented on the medical evidence and urged that it was not proved that death could not have been caused by some other means than the alleged blow on the skull. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied on the whole case, and contended that there could not be any doubt, on the evidence of Dr. Barnard, that the man died by a blow inflicted on the back of the head. On the question that the deceased was about the time of the murder, possessed of money, he referred to the documents that had been produced, in the shape of receipts for money, and he asked the jury to infer the monetary position of deceased from those documents. His HONOR ruled that he could not make use of those documents for the purpose named. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL bowed to the ruling of His Honor, and would simply call the attention of the jury to the fact that the documents were found in the clothes of the deceased. He adverted to the alleged quarrel between the deceased and the prisoner, and the proof that a bad feeling sub- sisted between them, as showing an additional motive for the perpetration of the offence. He then commentcd on the observations of his learned friend, and the hypotheses that he had sub- mitted in the prisoner's behalf, which he urged, were most improbable. In conclusion the learned counsel submitted that the only reasonable presump- tion the jury could draw from the whole facts was that the prisoner had committed the offence with which he was charged. The CHIEF JUSTICE remarked on the serious nature of the charge and the duty of the jury, which was an anxious and a responsible one, and was rendered more so from the fact that the cir- cumstances on which they were to decide were so few in number, and His Honor asked them to he very cautious us to the weight to be attached to them. They were enquiring into the death of an old man, and whether the prisoner was the cause of his death. Having alluded to the facts about which there could be no disputc, such as the death of Fallon, the fact that prisoner was his nearest neighbour, the disappearance of Fallon, and the search instituted for him, and his body having been found in a hole, the distance of 65 yards from the prisoner's hut. His Honor went on to notice the examination of the body by the medical witness. He said he should not go into that evidence at length ; the witness had undergone a strict cross- examination by the learned counsel for the defence, and it had often occurred to him that medical witnesses were treated, he would not say more unfairly, but more harshly, than other professional witnesses ; he was sure lawyers would not like to undergo such examination without previous notice -he (the Chief Justice) would not. The doctor was called as a skilled wit- ness, and he supposed the jury would take his evidence as that of such witness, and he, thought there could be no doubt that the man's death was caused by a murderous blow behind the head. He agreed with the learned counsel's definition of the law that was to guide them on the question, with one reservation-namely, that to convict the jury must be convinced that the circumstances were such that death could have resulted from no other hypo- thesis. He (the Chief Justice) said no other "reasonable" hypothesis. His Honour left to the consideration of the jury, the possibility that the man fell into the hole, and thus received the injuries, but they must also bear in mind in connection with that supposition the medical evidence that the injuries were not the result of a fall. They should then examine the circumstances connecting the prisoner with the death of Lawrence Fallon. With regard to the motive it was suggested that it was two- fold in this case - the supposition that the deceased had money,and the alleged ill-feeling between the deceased and the prisoner. With reference to the first men- tioned he (the Chief Justice) was not of opinion that it was shown that the deceased had a suf- ficient amount of money to tempt the cupidity of the prisoner; and with reference to the second, it was a question for the jury to decide whether there was sufficient ill-feeling between the two men to in- duce the prisoner to murder Fallon, simply because the latter had said he had tried to poison him with some soup. It was the duty of the jury, however, to consider these points; but he would remind them that even if they were unable to find out sufficient motive, that did not do away with the proof of guilt, for it was often the case that a crime was clearly proved, while the motive was obscured. Un- doubtedly one of the most important point in the case was the statement that that prisoner was seen filling up the hole in which the dead body was found. The evidence on that point was corro- borated, and of a nature that gave them reason to believe that it was truthful. Was it probable that the prisoner could have filled in the hole without knowing that the dead body was there, or if he did know the body was in the hole what could have induced him to cover it up and keep the matter secret ? Again, there was the circumstance that the deceased was last seen alive on the 4th, and about 4 o'clock on the morning of the 5th Mrs. Young saw a light like that of a torch between Shearan's and Fallon's. It also came out in evidence that the prisoner on one occasion made the remark that "it was wrong to wrong the dead." The prosecution would interpret that expression as an inadver- tent admission on the part of the prisoner of what he already know in reference to Fallon, but for the defence it might be urged that the prisoner merely supposed that Fallon was dead from the fact of his not being found anywhere. One other important circumstance was the fact of the prisoner having run away at the moment the police were proceeding to the hole where the body was found, and the character of the explanation given by him when he was subsequently taken into cus- tody. Were those explanations of a rational character, and consistent with the prisoner's inno- cence ! Those were points which he (the Judge) would leave to the jury to consider, and at the same time to bear in mind the responsible and serious nature of their deliberations. His sole endeavor had been to enable the jury to arrive at a right con- clusion, and with the whole of the evidence and the circumstances fresh in their minds, he would leave the matter in their hands, and request them to consider their verdict. The jury retired at 7 o'clock, and after an absence of an hour and a half, the jury returned into court for the purpose of having a point in the evidence explained. The Foreman said that the point in the evidence which the jury wished to have cleared up was whether the hole would hold sufficient water to con- ceal the body from view. The CHIEF JUSTICE said that there was nothing in the evidence already adduced that bore upon the point. He thought, however, that there would be no objection to calling fresh evidence to settle the point, as it was very desirable to have everything cleared up that had any bearing upon the facts of the case. Constable Finn was then called, and gave evidence to the effect that there was only a small stream of water, and by no means sufficient to cover the bottom. Evidence of a similar character was given by Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Clarke also stated that judging by the appearance of the hole he did not think it had hold suflicient water to cover the body. Mrs. Young, who was also called, stated that she had not visited the hole, but that the stream which flowed down the gully was a large one, and in some parts of the year was very deep. The jury then retired, and at 9.45 p.m. His HONOR intimated that he would attend in court. again at 12 o'clock to take the verdict of the jury if they had agreed at that hour. BEG. V. KITCHEN. While the last case was proceeding, the defendant was admitted to bail, to appear to answer the charge against him to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock, the recognisances taken being as follows :-Kitchen's recognisance of £200, Wm. F. Montgomery and Alfred Crisp in £100 each. SENTENCES. Sarah Poole, who pleaded guilty to the charge of concealment of birth, was brought up for sentence. His HONOR said that since the prisoner pleaded guilty the Attorney-General had handed him the depositions in her case, and he had read them care- fully through. They revealed circumstances of a very serious character, and tho Attorney-General had evidently taken a very lenient, though perfectly justifiable view of the case, The prisoner was then sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment. James Hennigan, convicted of feloniously wound- ing, was also brought up for sentence. His HONOR said that the prisoner's case was another instance of the baneful effects of indulging to excess in intoxicating liquors -that which had been rightfully designated from the pulpit, the platform, and the bench as the curse of mankind; Here was a man, bearing an exceptionally good character, and yet by breaking out in what were called "drinking bouts," he became little better than a madman, and had been at last convicted of a crime which rendered him liable to imprison- ment for life. The jury had recommended the pri- soner to mercy, on account of the exceptionally good character hitherto borne by the prisoner, and he (the Judge) would carry that recommendation into effect by passing an extremely lenient sentence - such a sentence as would give the prisoner time for reflection and show that drunkenness was no excuse for crime. The prisoner was sentenced to be imprisoned for six calendar months. * REG. V. SHEARAN. At midnight His Honor again took his seat on the bench, and there was a numerous attendance of spectators. The jury in Shearan's case having entered the box, the Foreman, in reply to His Honor, said they were not agreed, and there was not any probability of their agreeing. CHIEF JUSTICE, to the Sheriff: Is there any house where they can be accommodated ? Mr. Rothwell replied in the negative. The CHIEF JUSTICE said it was a difficult part of one's duty to know what to do in these cases. He asked the jury if they had discussed it among themselves, so as to arrive at such a difference that they were not likely to agree. Mr, Bailey (a juror) said he did not think, if they were to discuss it six or seven hours longer, they would be able to agree. They had well weighed the whole case. His HONOR said he went away lest they should feel that he was waiting, and not give it their full attention, and in order that they should have time for calm consideration. Mr. Bailey said one of the great discrepancies was that it was said there was not a hole. The CHIEF JUSTICE said it was a pity the difficulty had not suggested itself while the trial was on. The Foreman thought it was rather the reverse of what was stated by a brother juror. The CHIEF JUSTICE said the fact was it would be difficult to get accommodation, and he shrank very much from giving the jury inconvenience which the judge was not subject to ; the jury were part of the Court, and in fact were judges for the time being. That was why His Honor had come down then. As it seemed they had exhausted the discussion, and there was really no useful end to be gained, he was, under the circumstances, disposed to exercise the discretion vested in him, and he did it with some hesitation, lest it should go abroad that a jury had only to hold out a few hours and they would be discharged. At one time there was con- siderable doubt whether a judge could discharge a jury ; but more sensible ideas now prevailed, and he should take it on himself to release them without giving any verdict. The jury were then discharged, and the prisoner was remanded. The Court adjourned at 12.10 until 10 a.m. 