PIMPAMA. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] March 28. The weather here is still beautiful, urging on the growth of crops of all kinds at an astonishing rate. The crops at present seem to give promise of a yield hitherto unprecedented in this district, while the weeds are not idle, and the farmers' energies have ample scope in that direction. In the words of a learned countryman, I must say 'Shades of the departed be aisy wid us now.' What would you think of a real ghost story. Tbe following incident, which befel the worthy host of the Pimpama Hotel, has caused a devotional feeling in the minds of many in this neighbourhood, ' when evening shades draw on apace.' and in some instances will enable paterfamilias to enjoy the society of his domestic hearth in preference to that of the ghosts perambulating our highways. On Tuesday evening, as our worthy boniface was riding home from Been- leigh, it might be about 9 o'clock, while just opposite the house where 'Old Dick' shuffled off this mortal coil by cutting his throat, a spectral traveller, all in white, came up alongside the worthy man's horse and kept in rather close proximity from there until he reached the bridge, when, after adjuring it solemnly in the name of the Most High, it took its departure as such things usually do, in smoke ; but prior to becoming non est, it let out such an un- earthly yell as enabled the mortal's hat to become considerably elevated, deponent saith, 'to the full length of the hair of the owner,' and that gentleman is familiar with spirits in a variety of shapes, both in bottles and out of them. Yet, when presented in this aspect, and under these circumstances, and espe- cially arrayed in white, deemed it most fitting to remain no longer in that country, and putting spurs to his horse, never pulled up until he overhauled the resident clergyman in this neighbourhood, to whom he recounted the above adventure. Now our worthy host, thinking all was not square, asked it if it had come to him, or wanted him, and as it gave no answer, either in the affirmative or otherwise, it is evident it is somebody else it wants, so evil- disposed persons will take the hint and stop at home until this nocturnal visitor gets what he does want. 