THE MERCURY. MONDAY MOIlNfNG, SEPTEMBER 9, 1878.' A STRANCIER reading tho newspapers of the Colony, or attending the sittings of our Parlia- ment, would naturally arrive at the conclusion that tho one subject of interest to Tasmania, or on which its progress depends, is that ever uppermost subject, tho Main Line Railway. It is the alpha and the omega of our present poli- tical life ; yet, but for tho importance attached to it because an English Company attempted to palm on us tho sorriest of Brummagem ware for the pure article, and demand from us as their* right that to which thoy have no claim though supported in their 'attempted exactions by a portion of the Members of the Legislature who do not hesitate at becoming. traitors to tho Colony to attain party purposes, the Main Line Railway, its promoters, and bondholders, would bo but an iota among the more important matters that affect us as a Colony and> a people. We do not deny the powerful influence of railway communication in developing the trade and resources of a Country. But the Main Line Railway lias no special or exceptional recommendation requiring from us unbounded gratitude. Had it been constructed as it ought to havo been, and as wo bargained it should have been, it would but have done that for which wo as a Colony undertook certain obli- gations. Wo would not have put it always for- ward as the one subject demanding public atten- tion. To its faults and the unscrupulous demands of those'responsible for these faults, it owes its importance, and we hope the time is not far dis- tant when the line, whether remaining the pro- perty of the Company, or acquired by tho Colony, shall shi ink into its proper dimensions ; a thing from which wo expect certain distinct and specific sorviccs on the ono hand, and for which we are content to pay a specific, fixed, and proper con- sideration on tlie other hand. If that day is deferred, if tho advantages wo are to receive are reduced to a minimum, and tho obligations imposed on us aro encrcased to a maximum, the futuro historian of the Colony, writing impartially and unbiassed by tho prejudices that now prevail, will have little difficulty in pointing out the Bourceand cause of tho blumo. Mr, REMEY who in office íesisted tho demands of tho Company as determinedly as did his predecessors, or as do his successors, will not be able to blind our children and future Tasmanians as to the party and unpatriotic character he is playing as leader of tho Opposition. The fortress he in office defended he now tries to steal the koys of, that he may throw them to tho assailnnts. On his shoulders rests tho responsibility of having oncouraged and aided the Company in obtaining money from the Colony for which we havo not received the quid pro quo. It is to him and his followers that wo owe it that wo cannot now congratulate ourselves on having effected a final, if not satisfactory, settlement. It will bo to him and them we will owe it, if demands which the Company scarcely dared to think* of pro- pounding, assume definite Bhapo, and einbiojl us in further trouble and probably cost. Ho and they encourage the Company in the extravagance, of its demands. It is not, perhaps, that thoy would 'deliberately sell the Colony, or that they would betray its interests, but they, in their zeal to secure party purposes, fail to seo the effect of their line of conduct. They aro as effectually surrendering the contract rights of the Colony, as effectually benefiting tho Company at the expense of Tasmania, as if each had a moro sub- stantial remuneration for his services than that suit oi) their tails which the Company boasted it çovjhl place, and which they are not aboyo openly accepting. ' Tho unduo piominenco given to the Main Line Railway is putting altogether in the shado and hiding from required observation several other matters as ossontial, in their way, to the interests of Tasmania as the Railway has boon, or will be. The Railway is a moans of internal com- munication. But are we independent of the means of external communication? Is it nothing to us if our postal arrangements with the world beyond t)>o sea and Straits that surround us, is not so complete or efficient as it should be > Is it nothing to us that wo pay an annual, and, for us, pretty heavy subsidy foj- tho submarine cable connecting us with the continent of Australia and the rest of the world, and yet are, consequent on the heavy oosj of messages, in a great measure debarred from tho uso of tho tele- graphic wiro outside our own shores ? In connuo tion with this lost-uaiuodsubject wohavo just had a visit from a gentleman representing the Company whoso is His coblo connecting us with Victorio, and which wo subsidise for its uso. Ho is a gentle- man of the same profession na is, ho who is with ug representing tho Main Line Railway Company, and is at least his equal in rank. Yet Colonel GLOVER has haoi) permitted to come and go without hr.viug jecuivjuii any of that demonstra- tive walaoine which has greq^od tho repre- sentativo of the Railway. No ostentation pf hospitality in high places has shown a Oofony's delight ; oven the economical compliment of a club fete has not boon extended to him j and this markçd íliütilJCtion cannot but bo subject of curious inquiry to inflecting, true-hearted, and unpartizan Tasmanians. Qojoiiol GLOVER is tho representative of a Company that, au conimcting party with this Colony, has poihaps thp best of tho bargain, but that has, at any rate, faith- fully and honestly rendered tho stipulated service, and does not ask anything of us beyond what is written in the bond. Ycthecamo and wont without any special interest being taken in him ; nor was it perhaps, necessary that there fihouUÍ havo been. l'j'obtiWy tho spare hnlf- hour, now and »gain, which Minisjteia cpul(l bestow on liiiil on purely business relations, was all that was required or Qipjocfod. Gojonel GREY carno alsoanong us Mio.FRprpsqii tattoo of a company that had a contract with tlio Cjovcriiinent, and that from the dato of that contract has shown but one desire-to over-reach tlio Colony, and to give us an artiolo very inferior indeed to what wo stipulated for, and that yet demands payments whicl) our common BOUSO tolls us should h'o resisted ; he further came among us as the coijflfigue arid associate of nion who have laboured industriously, hy" niisrepresoniiUion, and statements to which eyei» a stronger mimo might bo applied, to malign fijo 0<)!o')y '«id | destroy its financial credit, branding it t%k ;Í1¡'KQ bankrupt in means and in character, and speak- ing of our public mon its unrolfiiblo, false, and dishonest. Yet the representativo of glich a Company, iho colleague of such mon, lins been received íiith opon apu)««. The legislation of the Colony w as madejo stay d still, f hat Colonel GREY might bo made the hcib oi ¿ho day. TJjo very men lie revilsd, and they who <\vo t^io^iistoaHiins . of the honour of the OoJo»y, have cono1 dht of their way to do Illili iionoiiF, Perhaps it was j right they should havo done so | it wa* PaWr'tyP . ii matter of taste ; but it does not command itself to ils, ii .only flint the representative of the con- ' tract-abiding Cj/inntiiy was entitled to soino of that couitesy so la>'ishly fxtonded on him whom, porhaps, our publia mon liavs Jjqn^iyeil on the piiuciplo of doing good to thuin who hate U/em proyiiig tun ¿hem who dospitofully u»u tliimfc The abstract viilus nf 'di this wo deny not, but wo fool that there lins be¿>n too much of this turning of the cheek to tlio úuiiM, T¡IIC£OÍU:¿; of tho Cabio contract \> e hmy y,'"Jtc" of ft« niviiyouiabjjd t° !,3> ll"d but'that our Mini», tors and ÀJeniWs,« Pa^liainqï) f could a'pptiróiltly entertain but ODO klcii ai onc'Hinp. Colonel GLOVER should not liavi) been'iU}ouiV t" Ifr'^vo our shores without a moro Hatlaflictory ¡urúnge m'ent lifting arru ed at. At present the liigji rdjargqp wo .,vlcu>&t; prohibitory. Only in mat- ter* M absoluto necessity wifl pooplo send messages 'wilvil (hoy lyvjo to pay for fll/3 jjsn of tho cable just doubla vfhat the same' nivssa^ç costs transmitted from one û*t;-pm>^y pf fjiftf. lnania to tho other, and also from tlio ona eif. 'tremity of Victoria to the other, and this without the cofct of delivery which falls on tho land-lines. This grievance U »JJ the greater that our mail service is a most unsatisfactory one. _ Tlio irregular and uncertain despatch and arrival vof,¡ intercolonial mails must nocessarily hamper correspondence. A degree of uncertainty is tlirown over the whole matter, which is ex^ tremely tantalizing. We cannot blame the I Company. They look to their own convenience | and profit ; the conveyance of the mails is a subsi- diary consideration, and will continue so until the contracting company is either by a greater subsidy, or more stringent regulations, compelled to give ii certain fixed and regular seryico. Menu while the often long intervals between mails, and the genci.il irrcgulwity of tho service fender the cabio a greater necessity than it would otherwise'be. -ThV'Post Office'Depart- ment ought at once to lighten this necessity ; while; the Tolograph, (Department,, if they have not'dono so, and wo have'heard -nothing ,tho one way or the other, GOLONEL GLOVBR. having boen thrown in the shade by the higher luminary COMNEIJ GREY', should. Mego'ciatö I £or¡ the fieer use of tho cable than at present. J The annual return made by the Cable i Company, is a perfect model for withholding information. .,lts receipts occupy three lines-the , Government subsidy, the receipts for messages, anda paginent in connection with the Flinders Station.' / That little for 1877 has been too much for the Manager, at least we have not seen any report by lum." ^ye learn from the return of our own Department, that the Company received for' messages' last year £3,500, of which there was paid'in Tas- mania £1,874, and in the'other Colonics'£l,68G. Moro than one half the business of tho Company is thus the transmission of messages . from Tas- mania. The annual receipts for work done is 'disproportionate' to tho Government subsidy^ £4.200, and the question is how to get better value for that subsidy. '. This involves, two neces- sary conditions. Tho first is the more liberal use of the cable ; and that, again, is another way of saying that there is only one ,way ^ô the de- sired end, and only one way, required.' 'Wb mean a very decided reduction in cable'chargés, say, for a messago of ten words, from 4s;' to Is. 'This is so feasible that it must be accomplished, and whether this Ministry, drniiy other Ministry, secures the credit of such a boon, it cannot ube long deferred. The present receipts of the Company .ire, in round numbers, £7,800. It ¡3 said Govern- ment propose effecting a reduction by, 'in addition to tho present subsidy,' guarantee-'' ing a sum equal to the other receipts, on con- dition that the Company reduce'their cliargos the amount of the proposed reduction we have not heard - but we have heard that the Company decline the terms offered," as they will have a considerable ' outlay to incur in laying down a new cabio at the ., shore ends, and they calculate on an, increasing traffic, which the Government proposal does not próvido for. Another solution of tho diffi- culty has beon suggested. It has been 'pro- posed-not by Government so far as >we know, that the present Government subsidy Bliould bo increased by, say a thousand pounds, on con- dition that all messages from Tasmania be re- duced from 4s. to Is. for 10 words, and pro- portionately on longer- messages} leaving mes- sages from tho other colonies to Tasmania to bo charged as at present ; and this distinction is justified on the argument that Tasmania would have to pay upwards of £5000, while, the Govern-, meats of tho other colonies "pay nothing fóij: what is as much a convenience and a boon to' them as to us, for it is to bo presumed that nono of the messages for which £1(186 was paid last year were sent to this Colony without au object. But such an arrangement would be most in- vidious ; and, overlooking how much'Tasmania would pay for the exception in 'its favor, some of the other Colonies niight, in that narrow spirit of retaliation s'o conimon, yajsq theil' land-lino charges on Tasmanian messages. ' A solution of the difficulty that better ' commends it- self would be in reverting to the original arrangement under which the fust, cable was laid down. The undertaking was tlion' a joint one between Victoria and Tasmania, und it should still be so. Were our Govomnidnt'.to' increase its subsidy by, say, £1,300,-making, our total £5,500, they might with a good grace ask asubsidy of £1,500from Victoria, Much qf these subsides would bo returned to bothpoloniesin the increased number of messages,' and consequent' increases in the receipts of the land-linos. Keep- ing in mind that the subsidy and receipts gav.O; the Company last year £7,700, the result of such ill) ,arrangement as we,,propose would 'jjivo thq ¡Company (V subsidy of, £7,000 fromtlic, two Colonies, andinking the probabVn'umb'èr of messages at Is. at no higher number'than that on which 4s. wero paid last year, 'the Company would receive 12,440 shillings, or £022, making a total revenue of £7,022 against £7,700 received lost year. And will any_ono deny that ' tho small difference would not bo made up by an increased number of messages 1 Tliè 'proposition is worth consideration. The only objection may bo anticipated from tho cable manager, who evidently does not like more business than ho can help, and whoso general discourtesy and obstructivoness have boen rewarded by Govern- ment giving him a situation' under thom that was nn object of ambition 'aiiiong the operators in the' ¿liiploymont of tim Tasinanian Govern- ment, ' i -' >.. '.MKI'I .' ' !.I TELMiKAr-H iNTKimüFriotf.--A notice was posted outside the .Telegraph Ollluo on Saturday, stating that the East Coast line, bctwoon Spring Bay and Swansea, was interrupted.' Uy-and-by we will probably reach that stage when interruptions' will be tho rule, and the posted notico will he " the Tasmanian lines aro ull working to-day." /ti» i HOUSE OK ASSEMBLY.-By an error'in our report of the debate on tho Pillinger land case, a portion, tho speech made by Mr. Rciboy,iwas attributed to tho '1 roasuror. The latter goutlcman interjected a rcinurk to the pffectt|mt "the land .was not opon for selection at that timp," 'an'd 'the subsequent observations appeared as if uttored hy tho Banjo Hon. gentleman, instead of being a continuation of Mr. Reibey's history of the case. SuTrntósiox OF LOTTERIES.-The bill for this purpose introduced into the Assembly by tho Attomey-Gencial last week, contains a dozen sections, and if its provisions he faithfully carried out, will bo a useful piece of legislation. The preamble recites that valions persons have fiom time to time Bet up for ttye purposes of gain, certain mjschiovQUB distributions of land, goods and money, by way of lottery, to the prejudice pf the common goqd and welfare, and it is desirable to prohibit such practises. Thp fst gectiqn defines the word "lfltfery" to mean ."any gchcine or device for the sale, gift, disposal, pr ptiatributjon, in tj)is colony or elsewhere, of land, houses, plato, jowels, ships, mouoy, securities for money, or of any real or personal property whatever or of any right thereto, or of any sharo therein, dopeuding »pop, or to bp determined by Jot or drawing, whether out of a bo* or other rcooptaclp, or by cards, token, coin, or dice, or by any machine ; ticket, envelope, or device of chanco whatsoever." The 2nd section declares lotteries public nuisances. , The 3rd section imposes penal- ties ; not exceeding £100 on person's opening lot- teries ; not exceeding £50 for aiding and abetting ; and not exceeding £10, on persons playing, ¿brow- ing, or drawing at any lottery, Avith tho alternative,, in default of payment, of not exceeding six, and three months, and one month respectively. Tho 4th sectjqn ¡îhpo&es; a penafty of ljpt exceeding £30 or three mouths in default, pn poi/sqna agreeing to pay inqney or douyer goods on the cven£ of a Jpttery ; and tho öfh section fixes a peiial'ty of not exceeding £30, or three months, for printing, exhibiting, or publishing, or causing tho printing, exhibiting, or publishing any plaoard, handbill, oard,> wilting, sign, or advertisouiout of or conoorning any lottery. The Oth section contains certain exceptions, namoly, allotments of real or personal estate, legally allot ablp or held by allotment or partition by Tots ; asso- ciations for tim e;j?puragemeiit of the mi° arts, and "any ronlo for any woik purely of art of which al notice having rtlié name and addresR of tho person ¡utejiíljng fq Ijold ¿lie same subsmbed thereto has beon givon in writpig èo tnC'Altorney-tiencral ; and rallies at any ba.ni.ai tj,e proceeds, whereof aro intended to be appropriated tq charitable, purposes, of wliioh notice has been given to the Attoiney Ccnor.il, mid not piohibitcd by the Attorney Clouerai." Tho remaining ulimses refer to proceed- ings before magistrates, obstructing constablus, and appropriation of penalties. Mi>'U Ar 1 tNi|.-A return has been laid on the tablo'otllfo table of tho Assojifbly giving' the num- ber of applications' reueweu; til«, numbev «C leases giantpd, npd the amount qf rental juoei'ved, under. tli«. Miijoial M'l«!» Ác'i fj't'i» ijst Jauuaiy to" ¡list ' July in tho pisant year.' (Jf ljf>t Jlig'ifl wgip J!>4 applications, and 71) ICH.ÛS, comprising 4,9/4 acios, wcro granted ni tile counties of borget, Cornwall, and Russoll, tho rental received being £1,2111 10s. Xhcip v/eio 13 applications, of which'two wore ÇiSiitcilfQr eii^aQf JfiQ acres in the county of Devon, the rental being £?{(), , rçr "dato thoio was one application ; for ouiil, Ó ; ifnlósíüim, i) ;' ¡.¡Ivor oro, 3 ; and antimony, 1 ; but no loaaoa for imy1 of '? tilca,'; minorais wero granted. One aero wai leased for g&l;ßiia end £1 rental received for it, in the county of Davim, Tlio total» «low that out of 221 applications, S2 wore granted, tile aiei, l)CM)g »eros, and the rentil received £1,2S4 10s. ' ' T1 1*»IIT gmrfteU ni' tju» 'nxlilbitfon uno tffp td, Mr. I', i». Cresswell, of Houdtt'Tott'li f«rsiJ,l,-ute pfaative treo seeds. n M i ''''".' i i '" ' CRUELTY TO A Don.-Information was roeqiveil A¿ tho i'olioe Station on Saturday .to the effect that, a man had killed a dog, by iWlfufly driving over it. The polioe atefuymstiguting tho report. i INÍBBCOLONIAL Fli.Eíf,- fly tho the s. B.,Manganji whioh arrived at LaunooBton on Friday, wp hatj Victorian papers of the 4th and 5th iusti, SUPRCMECOURT.-The Civil Sittinga were brought to a close on Saturday. There was alargo assemblage, at the sitting of tho Court, attracted by the case of Stephens v. Wilson, for assault, the parties being young men of respectable positions. The jury having been sworn, His Honor, Mr. Justice Dobson, seeing the learned counsel in consultation, sug- gested that as it was a case in which the names of people, not being parties but outside, might be involved, especially that of a lady, some effort might be made to effect a compromise. This sug- gestion was acted upon, and after the counsel had met His Honor in chambers the terms were agreed to, and each party signed a document. The provocation for the assault appeared to have been words alleged to have been spoken by Mr. Stephens, derogatory to a lady. Mr. Stephens strongly repudiated that allegation, and the terms of arrangement included a declaration by the plaintiff, on honor, that h had never uttered any such dis- paraging expressions, and an unreserved acceptance by the defendant of that disclaimer, an apology for the assault, and an ynderkaking to pay all costs as between attorney*and client. Upon those terms the plaintiff withdrew the record, and the jury were discharged. The remaining caäe was Davii v. Chever- ton, in,whick damagos were olaimcd by tho owner of tlio barge Friendship against'the owner of the Shan- non, in respect of a collision on tho Derwent. £100 was claimed; tho jury found for tho plaintiff, damages £08. ' The -third' term of tho Supreme Court begins to-morrow, and will end on tho 20th inst. ., CITY POLICE COURT.-Thore was a short sitting at this court,on Saturday when Mr., Geo. Crisp J.P. presided. William Allen was charged by Constable Brennan with' disturbing .tlio poaoo in Campboll streetion Friday evening. It appealed that the Constable had kicked' a boy named Douglas Grant, who, ho alleged, was making a distill bance near the ?Theatre Royal, when tho accused f enionstr.itod with him for thus sovcrelyilltreating the boy. The magis¿ trato considered that the'constable had a'ctod impro- perly and that the man had but naturally intci fered and hethereforedismissod the caso, i Two mon named George Grady and James Dillon, arrested by de- tective Simpson, on a churge of stealing a preserving pan, valued,30a., theipropei-ty of tho person or per- sons unknown, also two cans of Baker s tinning and soldering preparation valued at 12s., tho property of George Peacock and another, weie, on the appli- cation of the deteotivo'reinandett to tho ]2th inst. ( THOMAS BENNETS BANKRUPTCY,- The hearing in chambers iii this matter, which was fixed for to- day, has been adjourned till Wednesday next, tho 11th instant,1 at 11 o'clock a.m. GLENORCHY MUNICIPAL COUNCIL.-A, meeting of this Council was held on Saturday afternoon, when the Warden (Mr. W. Murray), and all the Coun 'cillors, except Councillor Brent,' wero present. Tho ' business'that was transacted, was altogether of a routine nature, consisting of the passing of accounts, and thelaying on the table of the usual returns. It was'resolvcd to postpone consideration of an alleged pollution of the Humphries' Rivulet, which had been inspected by the Council that afternoon, till the next meeting. PUBLICATIONS. -We havo received a miniature fat simile edition of the 12th,issuo of the American Mail and Export Journal,.that splendid commercial paper which we favourably noticed when fiist published. In tho miniature everything that appears in the original is reproduced with fidelity and"perspicuity, making a imiqiiespecimcn of thepriuter's art. Eveiy thing employed in the preparation of tho book is necessarily of the finest description possible, and in the focus of a magnifying glass, of the proper power, the printing and letter press are made to resume their original propoi tions. A'l this is owing to the fact that the /book is printed from electrotype plates made by a recent and improved process of photo- engraving. Tho enterprise and liberality of the publisher of the Mau mci it a "big" success. Three numbers of the Pacific Printer, published in San Francisco, by Messrs. Miller and Richards, have also been received. It is needloss to say that tho typography is of the highest class, and the information very valuable to printers. Fool BILL MATCH.-On Saturday the return match, Civil Service and Banks ». Lawyci s and Merchants, was played on the City Club ground in the presence of a largo number of spectators. The weather was rather too warm for football, and as both sides wero made up out of the City Club thero was not the samo ardour ovinced as in club matches. The banks and civil service won the match by two goals, kicked by J. T. Lindley and P. Butler, their opponents failing'to sooro any. T. Molloy (captain), Lindley, Paul, MeLoughlin, Creswell, ami Maxcy wore very active for the former, and A. Pitfield, W. Stewart, E. Kirby, Finlay, Dawes and Wilson for the latter., The gamo was well con- tested, the second goal being only kicked ou thehour of live when time wascallcd. The umpires were Lovett (banks and civil service), Morriss (lawyers and mer- chants), Watchorn (central). Dilling tho game Wilson, one- of the players, twisted his foot, aiid^had to retire.1 The result of this match makes'the teams equal, the former contest having beon won by the lawyers and merchants. 'DEATH' OF 'ANOHIER RAÇIS-UORSK.-A private jtcleguin received from Green Ponds on Saturday, >from Mr/ W.' Block, announced that the racehorse Hanger diod that day from inflammation of the lungs. This to tho owner, as tho horse i promised to (distinguish himself ou the turf. He 'was entered for,the Dennistoun Steeplechase and Hunt Club Cup, making tho second hpiso entered for the Bothwell Races that lias succumbed within the last fow days. t Si'on-nsa.-Owing to tho courtesy of Mr. iT. Fiold, who has takon a great interest ni the matter, tho mystery so long siurouuding Wluxgig has (says the' Australasian) 'at last been cleared away, and her real pedigree and history are established beyond question.)' She was a bay. mare, bred in England by Mr. Winton in 1823, got by Whalebone, her dam by Canopus, grand-dam by Young Woodpecker out of Radish,by Votatqes. ¡jibe was impoited to Tas mania about 18,2,8, and itt8o"enis that Mr. T. Henty, who ¡owned, her, finding there was not sufficient space on board tho ship sailing from England with his othor horses, placed her under tho charge of Mr. W. M, Deane, 'who is now living in Launceston, and sha was shipped in tho same boat as Bolivar and-'Edolla,' belonging- to the Cressy Company. Not long after landing in Tasmania Mr. Deane bought -Whizgig- from Mr. T. Henty fur £500, afterwards parted with her to Mr. li. Bryant aiid 'after that gentleman's decease, 1 at tho salo of his blood stock in 1812, she passed into the hands of Mr. W.' O'Connor. At this sale three of her daughters-Pet, by Bolivar; Media, by Mo/art; and Guluaro-weie purchased by Mr. Field, to- gether with a filly named Amelia, who was by Mogart .out of Pet. Another daughter, Queen of Trump», by Peter Finn", was taken hy Sir Richard Dry, and this maro was afterwards tho. dam 'of Shadow,-by Jersey, who was foaled in 1810. Writing about imported Fairy, Mr. Field says :-"Her first filly was sent to Melbourne, and Black Sal, whom I purchasd in 1830 from Mr. Richard Wliito, washer no\t. Perhaps it may yet bo proved that this first filly, who probably reached Melbourne about, or just previous to, 1839, was identical with tlio Peter Finn maro, great grand-dam of First King. Should this turn out to bo the case, his excellence need no longer be wondered at, for Fairy'was by Gatton out of Voltaire's dam ; and Ay"ar Fade, who ran second to Cossack for the Epsom IJerliy of ,1S¿J, traces bach: to Voltaire's dam." " . THE WPHK OF THE AUSTRALIAN CIIICKEI'EIÍS. Writing op the 18th, Jilly, the special reporter of the Australasian says ;-"Jtij doubtful if evor a toan) of cricketers took tho field in as woary a frame of mind as did tho Australians on tho 10th of July at Swansea. Tho journey down from town proved a most wearisome one, tho Welsh seaport not being reached until after i o'clock in tho morning,' over n seven hour's rido from town. There can bo no doubt whatever that the falling-ofF in smartness, etc., which since the last mail left lias been quite noticeablo, is entiroly duo to tho stateness arising from boing overdone. Mr. Conway saw long ago that this must inevitably bo tho oaso, but was at a loss how to altor mattera. Ho wroto to many of the placos where tho Eloven'aro under promises to play eighteen, and bogged them to lot him craso the lixturo, hut the fame of 'tho Australian F,levon liad gonc'foith', and oi'cbursp caoh'towu had mado its ar- rangements f qr the match, and did not wish to be dis- appointed, Tho gwaiiSRti match, was onp which, of all others, tho Australian iqanascr wished to skip if possible, «nil KO sqoji as 1)0 liad noocptcd the invita- tion of tho Orleans Club to play at Twickenham ho wroto to Swansoa and implored thom to forego tlio match-in fact, tolling them it would bo impossible to get tho team there. It yi'as no good, however, the reply came that the Auatialians had only one fixture in Wales, and if they wanted rest they should forego ono of their many English matches. Upon the receipt of this lottorit.was decided to 'thkè'tiro team down and play n two day's match, and thou gp'on'aj))l finish tj)c week with another itwo day's match at Oldham. What a Wpokis york tho above turned out to bo will bo bof fpr un4c|.-slqod by giving a Bhort aaoomit of what it'involved, First thon, tho lilovon woro playing at Stockport on tho Saturday night, and loaving Manchester lato thoy arrived m London at 3 a.m. on Sunday morning. Sunday was this timo kopt quiotly, without a trip up the Thames, and a good rest was certainly obtained on that day ; thon on Monday and Tuesday carno tho match vi Twickenham, with tho dinner on'tho Monday night'! on .'iucEtJay night tho aoven hours' ride to Sivan'sbi, AVecHiföday anil Tliursdayipjivy at Swai¡!,qa¡ Thursday night' atio'tlicr h'rqlten quo. for Swansea, wqs nqt foft tjll (j a.m. on Friday morn: lug, tho team not arriving at Oldham iiiitil'half, past 10, or an hour and a half beforo commencing play ; then e uno the two days' play at Oldham, and a night's rest at at Manchester on Satmday be|oro 1er vine for Loicostor on the Sunday. It will ha iciñ¡~üt ¡touiiiu, at ç glanng tljat no team oould long survive the sttito at things ilcsüiiüea altq\u and yet hope to retain its form. Tho only quastjdii was'now to givo tho mon rest.' To do this ito somo ' p-^tout Conway dotermiucd to pla'y iii some matches hliusoif, ia k<> lo (jive gpoji'orth, Alian, Boyle, mid tlio wicket kooporsiu) spoil in aucQOS.siqn, £. Jlarnioi man is, as this goes, having au enforced ono7 ain't iii staying quietly in'London (whilst tho Moven aro -/laying leicester and Hullj, ondeavotiring to got fiiS hand tight for Cambridge Univeisity, at Lord's, oh Mcftiday next. ¡Mr. Ç. Jflf. Butler, of Tacipnio, has arrived in England, and ho will occasionally play for Australia, so that thore will bb a furtnor chancó pf ^eating a man occasionally-a course which, but for trio desqrtjon pf 'Midwinter, 'could mi would nave been easily adopted, ' D'ARCY READ'S GHOST.-ThiB entertainment at tho Town Hall was well attended on Saturday, when afternoon and ovening porformnnces wero given. Tho children from tho Queen's Orphan Asylum wero kindly admitted gratis to the matinee, and they, with the rest of tho audience, which was. chiefly a juvenile one, appeared to thoroughly cn joy tho spectral wonders of gliostology. TlioliaU had been dnikuncd, so that the phantoms might appear with full effect. The entertainment, it may. bo mentioned, might be nude far moro attractive if bettor perfor- mers appeared in it, ' As it is, what with a dummy guH.ii pU^ei .uni ihiid 1'iiLeiaiiihtruli-, thu fepixuiiu Iar effect is not supported by, but detracted fruin, by tho inefficiency of tho company. A chango of programme is announced for the closing performan- ces, which aro to bo given this week. NEW TOWN ASSOCIATION.-There was a full attendance at the entertainment given at the Good Templars' Hall, by tho Now Town Association on "Friday ovening last, and the President, Rev. A. N. Mason, presided. 'A miscellaneous programmo of music and readings was very creditably rendered ; Mr. Ellis kindly supplying Mr. Hall's place, the latter gentleman being unable to sing. The farco, "Doing my Uncle," was capitally road by members, and concluded "tho entertainment.' Next Friday Mr. J. R. Bett's will give his recital of "Edmund Kean,"'varied with muBio.' ' NORTHERN POULTRY EXHIBITION.-This evening is | the last opportunity to register entries for the approaching Northern Show, which is to bo hold on the 18th and ' 19th inst.', in the pavilion of the Publie Gardens, Launceston. The Southern secre .tary will attend at the committee room, Mechanics' Instituto, to receive entries from 8 till 9 o'clock to- night, and it is hoped that a goodly list of exhibits will bo entered by Hobart Town fanoiors. < 'An extra special prize has been promised, in tho shape of a silver shield, for the most successful, exhibitor iin the large poultry classes., The ¡committee of the Tasmanian Poultry Society will meet this evening to appoint delegates and arrange for, the conveyance of Southern exhibits, the manager of the Main Line Railway kindly offering tho usual facilities. TASMANIAN POULTRY SOCIETY.-This evening the committee' of the above association > will ' distri- bute the prizes awarded at its t recent annual cxhi; bition, to tho suocossful competitors who may attend between 8 and 9 o'clock, at the committee room, Mechanics'. The special and general prizes and trophies amount to over £140, and we have no doubt, therefore, that exhibitors will not be back- ward in relieving the Treasurer of tho sums due to them. At the same time they will havo the oppor- tunity of handing in their entrios to tho sooretary for the Northern show, ' i! VANDALISM.-A number of private gardens in Now Town havo' recently been greatly disfigured by lads entering and remorselessly pulling up plants, of various kinds. That this is done from a pure lovo of mischief or destructiveneS3 is apparent from the fact that the plants are not stolen, but cither allowed to remain in the garden or thrown over tho fence. The attention oí the local polico might usefully .bo directed to this matter. A FiucruiiKD SKULL.-A young man named William Long called at the Gonoral Hospital yester- day with a slight fracture of the skull, which ho stated was caused by his brother throwing a jar at him. After the wound was dressed, the patient, who resides in Sackville-strect, left the institution. EXPORT OK STUD SHEEP.-By tho steamer Der wont, which left for Melbourne on Friday, says the Examiner, three splendid Merino-rama, bred by Jas. Gibson, Esq., were shipped. Tho animals were sold for .-CldO guineas each, and were purchased by Mr. Catt'.uiaoli, who was passenger by the Steamer. WHY A MARRIAGE WAS Si'orn.n.-In tho Aus- tralasian "Eagles" relates the following!-"The healthy climate of Tasmania conduces to longevity. It is never safe to call anyone old aaruss the straits, although there aro a groat many who, anywhere else, might ho considered of advanced ago. Quito reqently a Tasmanian resident, aged 7."), was about contracting a matrimonial alliance with n giddy young thing somo ton years his junior. The event was imminent, when a difficulty arose, which slop- ped the nuptials. She was a J toman Catholic, and he was Protestant, and the hituh was a failure to agree as to tho religion iu whioh tim children of tho marriage should be bl ought up." 