AUSTTiAL LIN~ QTIICKETETIS m AMERICA. [BY SUBMARINE CABLE.] (REUTEE'S TELEGRAMS.) DHTROIT, October ! 6. The Australians played a match ag'ivnst tigliteen of this city, which they won in one innings with seventy-one runs-1 to spare. The total score of the Australians was 298. The Eighteen of Detroit scorecl 32 in their first innings and the Australian Eleven \ m : A GHOST ou A Maimmjt.-1The Kerang hma reports (hat sninu nights ago two men | "er-i returning home from Kerang to tlioir i leiMenoo near Hatr Creo.k, hut before reach in!: Hiii creek they unfortunately lost them sejrcs. A. dispute then occurred in the | nuddle of a nlain as to-what was the proper i direction ;hoinw ten o'clock at , night, and | pitch dark, mutual recriminations tookplacis, ' siiich resulted in one going east ancl the | ntlior west. The cast man was right, and gainedhiacatnping ground shortly after, when i 'consultation was held with his friends, who "'etcin bed, as to what they should do for tlioerring mate. It was tlnm determined to light a lire, and ho who had just'.returned' iimnd a large dry hush, which was soon Mszini;, but while he was feeding tlio.tire he felt a strduge presentiment that some °iie; was near, and as the blaze throw J. glare around the bnsh, a white object like a small man was seen coming towards the fire. Our friend got uorvons, hut tliink 1BS it was one of his m-ites who had got up out of bed, called out hi3 name, and said he knew him. His mate, hearing his name mentioned, called out that they were both w hod, which rather made his flesh creep. By this time tho apparent ghost had got entire possession of the fire,- which ho be<jan grab at with his large, ljony-lookirig hands, opening his fingers as ; though lip would take out handfuls of the fire. It was noticed then that his eyeballs protruded, atid "''rcdlike a madman's. Oi>i- friend having pa liia two mates that a madman was at the ;lre' 'ho threo mustered courage to go down osee him. He was dressed in dirty whifo rousera, wiiha dirty white shirt, apparently 0Terhis trjusers. Ho was asked where he C3we fiom, where did he live, what did he 1Tanti. nas he hungry, and several other P^jons, to all of which ho grunted an lin inteUigiblo reply " unipli." During this in stviCTf the lost one, having seen thri fire, now joined the other three, and the nvidman was if he did not want anything to clear ^a5". as lie could not be allowed to stay 'ere. He made no reply, but moved towards a swamp fr«m whence he came, and has nofc smce been heard of. 