THE COOLING DRINKS OF AUSTRALIA. BV AN IPSWICHIAN. " the cooling armies ot Australia - might surely be taken by some poet as a title upon which to build a national poem, in imitation of the " Koast Beef of Old England." In England they flirt with claret cup, and so on, drinking this heavy compound as often as not in wea ther when hot pnuch would be more season able-but in Australia, Ipswioh to wit, who has not found himself in front of a row of small taps, each emitting a luscious draught of a different flavour ? There we all meet, saints and sinners. It is an institution that touches our common humanity all round, everyone who has a threepenny bit, and somehow one gets that. insignificant coin oftener than any other, marches boldly up and enjoys the purest bliss he is likely to experience in this colony, and departs, his throat-cooled, his' thirst slaked, and his temper soothed for the next half-hour. Thero is colonial; wine, a produce .which seems scarcely sufficiently appreciated, considering the perfection to whioh its manufacture has been brought. We have here a light wine very much like Sauterne, which, with water, should form a whole some and economical drink in such weather as this. It has been urged as an objeo* tion to the general adoption of. this fluid that- one requires to drink so much of it. Aboqt the necessity of drinking-so much I have no opinion, but that a great deal is drank by young gentlemen who try the experiment we make no question; hut would, humbly submit that the fault would be common to every form of summer drink, that iBever likely to find its way to thirsty, Athens. - There is the resource of .brandy and water, and I am told that some coar.se mortals habitually absorb rum; but there needs no ghost to rise from out of the grave to tell us'that is a mistake. Fancy a man swallowing rum when "nectar" is being retailed-the drink of the gods-at threepence a glass. I have been assured that the only safe thing to do is to drink as little as possible. Ho. I do-a gallon an hour is the Tery. least I can'get along on-but there is no doubt the question of cooling drink is worthy of re flection.. The only thing is the reflections would have but one termination-we should drink more iced stuff than ever. 