INDUCTION OF REV. W. DIMENT. Special services in connection with the Rev. W. Diment'd Induction as Pastor of the Kadina Circuit were held at the Wallaroo Mines Primitive Methodist Church on Mon- day, the 8th inst. A public tea was held which was fairly attended. The public meeting was commenced by the Rev. W. Cooke giving out hymn 571. The Rev. J. Weir engaged in prayer. An anthem having been rendered by the choir, the Rev. J. Lloyd of Wallaroo was in- troduced as the chairman of the meeting. Mr Lloyd said he had somewhat reluc- tantly consented to take that position of chair- man of that meeting not because he had no sympathy with them or their Minister, but because the meeting was purely a Primitive Methodist one, and that of the most solemn and impressive description in connection with that Church. He had come, however, to testify his high regard for Mr Diment as a brother and a minister. He had met him on many occasions—had lived close by him for nearly two and a half years—had seen him under a variety of circumstances, and was thoroughly persuaded that he feared God and sought the salvation of souls as the chief rod of his preaching. He hoped that God's blessing would rest upon him and the con- gregation, and that they would be assisted by their mutual prayers. Another hymn having been sung, The Rev. W. Cooke of Moonta rose to give the ordination charge of which this is a brief; abstract.—" My Dear Bretheren— Having been appointed by district meeting to conduct this service, and deliver to you what we usually call the ordination address, I need not apologise either for my youth or my inability to properly discharge this impor- tant obligation. Recognising the voice of the Church as the voice of God, I will endeavor to perform this very solemn and important duty, knowing that we are not alone, Cbrist is with us, and will direct us aright. You are this day, so far as Church authority is concerned, appointed a pastor, a teacher, and an example unto your people here. I congratulate you upon your having successfully passed all your examinations, and finished your probation in the prescribed time ; and I heartily welcome you into the ranks of the full Ministry. The office of the Christian Ministry is not to be called a lucre- tive profession. The office of a minister is higher than mere respect and cold and decent formalities. It is certainly not lucrative unless the minister totally disregards the laws of hospitality, charity, and benevolence. The man who comes into the Ministry merely for a livelihood, takes it up because it bids fair to pay, makes a sad spiritual blunder, deceives the Church, and does no good. Now I think the Church know you are free from anything of that kind. You could doubtless have secured a better lively- hood, in secular pursuits, and, knowing the condition of your family, we are most willing to believe that you chose this sphere of labor from love to your fellowmen, and to bring glory to God your Saviour. Having therefore volunteered your life services you accept thereby all the responsibili- ties, duties, privileges, trials, sorrows, and blessings of the Christian Ministry. Without dwelling particularly on these matters, I will speak of two or three things as essential to making a New Testament minister. 1st. You are expected by the Church to consec- rate your entire being to God, and His Gospel, your best energy, your noblest nature, yoor present affections are to be Christ's. The Holy Ghost, whose baptism you have sought and received, is to stir your whole being, and lead you constantly to consecrate yourself entirely to the master's service. Your credentials are to be written on your heart. They contain three distinct statements. 1. The spirit of the Lord is upon me, &c.;, Luke 4 13, 10. 2. " The love of Christ constraineth me." 3. "The zeal of thine house hath eaten me up,'' added to which my meat is to do the will of him that sent me." These are the inward and spiritual qualifications. I come now to speak of the relationship existing between the minister and the Church, you as a Minister exist for the Church, and not the Church for you. You are its servant for Christs sake. Yet there is a senie in which you are a ruler of the Church. Take for illustration the case of our Queen who exists for the people ; or that of our magistrates. So you are the Minister for the Church to serve it in all good things, in humbleness and in love, yet as a Minister you have authority in the Church which will be given to you by the Church itself, while you serve your people faithfully, Do not be discouraged but pray to be delivered from unreasonable men as Paul did. Teach them that slavery to man's laws is incompatible with spiritual freedom. Be no man's slave, because you are Christ's; but be the servant of all men in love, truth, purity and salvation. Before passing let me say you will find it necessary to obtain and keep the affection of your people. Love must tie your hearts together, your people must have faith in you, or they will not bear you or pray for you, or work with you. But here there is danger viz., that when we have now the affection of our people we may be tempted to give something far more valuable up to retain that esteem. A Minister may argue this way, " Shall I ex- pose this shame ? Shall I smite this Philis- tine ? Shall I put a book in the jaws of this liviathan evil ? or shall I wink at it ? He is my friend, a liberal supporter of the Church, an official, an old member—I do not wish to spoil our friendship, what shall I do ? do my brother ! do the right and trust in God, for the rest. All human friendships must fall before spiritual freedom or God's truth suffers. I shall now speak of two or three duties which you as a minister will be expected to perform. 1. I hardly need say your greatest duty your life duty, is to preach Christ. This theme is the joy of Heaven and the wonder of the world. There are, however, mistaken notions among Christians as to what is the true idea of preaching Christ. Many think it is to dwell incessantly on his passion in the garden; ihs sufferings and death upon the cross ,the excellencies of his character, his resurrection, and our for- giveness through his death. You must preach all these, but if you preach no more yours will be a narrow christainity. A Minister needs to dwell on all that the Saviour taught in spirit, and in principle. From Christ himself, from Paul, and Peter, and John, and James, we may learn what the gospel of Christ is. Do not then forget the ethical part of the gospeL To preach Christ is to inculcate his gospel, in its morality, its relative duties and its bearing on our eyery day life. These will at times be suggested to you certain themes which must be taken into the pulpit, if you are to be a faithful minister, of Jesus; such as drunken- ness, gambling &c.;, preach these fearlessly. Of course you will not chiefly preach upon ethical topics, what is commonly called evan- jelical doctrine must be the backbone of your pulpit work, The great salvation, the infinite love of the father and Christs atonement. I ucbarge yo therefore before God and the Lord Jesus Christ who shall judge the quick and dead &c;„ (Paul to Timothy). Your used duty is to attend to the cultivation of your mind. There are difficulties which can only be over- come by dint of intellectual application What is not solvable in a lower state of intellectual culture, may be solvable in a higher state. You must know religion, not only feel it. Christianity is a system of knowledge as well a state of feeling, I am not however, urging upon you the cultivation of your mind that you may be able to preach fine sermons, talk profoundly reason metaphysically untill your peoples heads, ache, leave that to other people Get knowledge and sanctify it for God and for the salvation of your hearea. You must be careful not to treat your hearers as mere crea- tgres of intellect, nor as though they had no power of mind. A true preacher appeals to the reason and to the affections of men. In order that you may cultivate your mind, redeem your time, value it. Your moments are gold and your hours pearly gifts from heaven. I need not give you any particular directions for study, you have by this time formd habits of thought; marked out paths for study, and brought the lernastness of your mind to lead upon objective and subjective knowledge. I will only advise you in the words of Paul to Timothy I Timothy, 4,13, &c.;, 16. A minister is a shepherd therefore feed the flock like a shepherd carry the lambs in thy bosom. Watch over your people and in their difficulties, trials, sorrows, and temp- tations, be ready to advise to sympathise, console and encourage. Try to make the peoples hearts glad with religion. You have also a moral character to maintain. You are to be an example to the church, your teaching must not he injured by your life, but rather confirmed by it. If a man teaches uprightly and walks crookedly more will fall down in the night of his life than be built in the day of his doctrine, Hence see the necessity of inward life, a soul feeding on God. a heart always trusting in God. My brother yours ie a great work, saving souls, and perfecting them for heaven. You have the word of God to work with, that word which liveth and abideth for ever. The holy spirit will make effectual all your labours. Be faithful to God, to the Church, to the truth, and to yourself, and you will do much good, eave many souls, and glorify Christ and hear him say at last well done. May God bless you. Amen. After singing Hymn 578. Rev. W. Diment narrated at some length his religious experience and call to the Minis- try. He spoke of his religious impressions in very early childhood, and feelingly expres- sed his indebtedness to the earnest and prac- tical pety of home, as having very much to do with his being brought to God when about 11 years of age. He had also very grateful rememberance of the Rev. J. G. Wright, who was the Minister of the circuit at the time of his conversion. He had been a member of the Church for nearly thirteen years; and for the most of that time connected with the Primitive Methodists. He was placed on the local preachers plan when 18 and continued to officiate in that capacity for 18 months, when in accordance with the call of the Church he gave himself up to the work of the Ministry. His first station was Wallaroo, where he laboured with much pleasure for two years and a quarter. He had spent two years, in Two Wells circuit, and in the work had realised much happiness, and some degree of success. He had at times, to mourn over his inefficiency, but, from the proofs given, he did not doubt his call to the work of God. His coming to Kadina was certainly not sought for by him, but he had yielded to the wish of the Church. He hoped that his coming amongst them as their Pas- tor would prove mutually pleasant and pro- fitable. He would earnestly solicit their sympathy, and prayers for himself, and the welfare of zion. The Rev. W. Cooke offered the dedicatory prayer and the choir sang the " Consecration Hymn" after which Rev. J. Weir delivered a most interesting and profitable address to the Congregation. He spoke first of the duties which the Church owed to the Minister, and next of the duties it owed to itself. The Church was first of all required to give attention to the Minister, and to esteem him very highly for his works sake. They will have to give attention to the various or dinances, and assist the Minister by their presence on all occasions. They were also required to defend him. They must defend his ministerial and his moral character. Then they must sympathise heartily with him in all his efforts to do good and to get on the work of God. They were required, too, to pray for him. Paul made this request that the Churches pray for him. They must hold up the Ministers hands in this way. They must pray for him not at him nor before him but on his behalf. The Church was also required to pay their Minis- ter whilst they abounded in other grace is they must abouud in this grace also, He then points out certain duties which the Church owed to itself. Such as Christ, Love, Activity, Individual responsibility, on all of which pointed the Rev. Gentleman - dwelt very carefully. We regret that we have not his manuscript so that the address might appear more fully. The collection having been made. The meeting was closed by the Rev. J. Lloyd en- gaging in prayer. 