f " MELBOURNE. \- j,r-. _ otto aorll'eb'povilenti . -Monday evening. TheCabiqet andExecutive Councils met to-i day, 'but the business transacted at eaoh'.was Ic a great -extent , of a private and .routine oharao taf.X 'understand that despite the rival a'ttrao-' tlo/d "of 'the -'Hospital Ball, the Budget will b< without doubt delivered on Wednesday high next/ and that the prinoipal feature of it will be the saving, whioh the Government effeoted by the edict which reduced the Oivil service on Blaok1 Wednesday. It will be contended that the eervioe has not been impaired in effiaienoy while 'its' boat has been very considerably ret duoed, and the extenaion of the railway ByBtem; to whioh the Government has pinned its faith, will be/partly provided for by the Loan Bill, to whioh the/British public will be recommended to aa|- aefit/ , aa they may not have an opportunity of lending us so muoh money again for a long time! This year's budget will therefore be really attrac tive, and people who oannot afford to go to the baU'wiUkave an evening's entertainment morB cheaply provided; | An unexpected sensation was furnished to-day at the meeting of the Lands Commission, when Mr J.' J. Walsh, of Temple Court, brought under the, notice of the Commissioners certain oharges whioh ho had preferred against Mr; A. 0. Allan, a surveyor, in the employ of the Lands Department, of aotlng as a dummy for squatters in selecting valuable blooks of laud on their ac count, and subsequently transferring the same to them. A number of instances were expressed In writing respecting aartain different parcels of land, which it wne alleged Mr Allan had either selected or caused to bo selected by others, lie ' paying for the improvements on the same, and- whioh had subsequently been transferred to those squatters to whom they were of the greatest value. An Investigation into the oir- aumscanoes was domanded by Mr Walsh, and the Board, of which Mr Offon was the chairman, decided to hear Mr Allan's evidence on the sub- jeot this day week, the asaistanoe of oounsel being refused to him. Mr Allan stated that he had "previously fully answered all the oharges in a re- < ' port to the department. The sixth grand entire horse show and parade 'ih' b&nsotion; with the National Agricultural ll 'Spoiety was hold to-day at tho sooiety's yards, 'f' St. Kilda-road. As far as numbers and quality are'boncerned, the exhibits were considerably In advance of those in former years — in draught \- entries this was apeoially remarkable for the 3, breed of this olase of horseB is gradually im- proving in form, frame, and . as a natural result \- In' value. < Clydesdale Tain, Young Robin, Young Clyde, Earl of Barfold, afiue grey horse, and Lord Barfold, a, dappled galloway, were muoh admired, also Young Cromwell. Of the display of thoroughbreds all that oau bo said is that it was up to the average and not beyond it. Morning Star, a ohostnut, 4 years old, by Fire works,' appeared to bo in oxoellont condition and form. Wollomia, once u winner ot the Mel bourne Cup, was exhibited, accompanied with a ticket announcing that the horao was for Bale, his owner, Mr J. Oloelund, having decided to re tire from tho turf. There was the usual num ber of coachers, trotters, ponies, Arabs and ex tra stock, but nothing that calls for special notice. As tho show is only preparatory to a sale by publio auction, it would hard'y bo fair to criti cise each exhibit. Breeders and denials are better judges aa a rule than writers for the Press, therefore I leave . them to form their, bwn jopinions. \- One of the most peouliar horse acoidents I ever witnessed happened to-day, when a power ful animal whioh had become detached from harness oimo at full pace down Queen-street, and instead of bontiniiing tho ovon tenor of his .way, or swerving' into Collins-street, for whioh .there .was .plenty, of .room to spare, he made a .determined effbrt to burst up the 'Union Bank. iYour correspondent avoided him in the niok of time 'by a couple of feet, and had tho disagree able duty of. silting upon his head until ho gave 'up - the; ghost in . despair of having failed .in a ;futile attempt in 'which so many humans have jin- various countries and ages unsuccessfully preoeded him.- ' I only mention the fact now be- joause it is singular that two attacks Bhould be made Upon batiks in the same day — the one by my unsuccessful equine friend, since deceased, ;oii. the' Union the other by the sheriff's offi- ioers, who are still 'aHvo and hearty, on. the National... , , ' . | . Mr. Bobert 'Taylor/ of the well-known. Burton' land Taylor combination, has consulted, Judge 'Noel as to. the state ;of his , affairs— assets L6, ' liabilities L597 Is. I am afraid the - assignee will not.reap a.harvest. 1 A Government Gazette, notioe has been/issued | this evening,' notifying that it is the intention of ' the President of the Legislative Oounoil to issue Ion Thursday; the 16th intt.q a writ for the elec- tiori of a member to serve in-the Legislative: Cqunoil for'the Soutb-Western Provinoe,' in the room of. the Hon. O.'1' J'/' Jenrierj who retires by rotation1.. 1 : A meeting.of, the. Viotorian Farmers' Associa tion was held this afternoon, 'at whiolrthere was dlimitedatt'endanbe.'.Theobjectaofthemeet-- ing were to protest againBt'the present' tax upon maohiuery , required . for. .agrioultural. purposes, and. upon /bags. -for -retaining ; grain when . win nowed.-.. After a alight discussion upon questions that havo been so often dealt with, in and out of Parliament, an adjournment /until to-morrow was agreed to." ' ' The arrivals of wheat and flour at tbe'Spencer- street station/of the Viotorian railways during tha 'past; week/ are ' as' follows Wheat, 3864 bags ;/ flour, 4284 bags ; bran and pollard, '1200 bags ; p6fbeB,':6176 bags'; oats, 285. bags j'bar- lay, '90 bags total; ' 14,899 bags. .0hicory, 'X22 bags ,; ohaff, 13,304 begs, total; 14, 076, bags. .! Although I am.not in a; position at present to denote- the exaot loo&lo; of the disobvery-of.apew boabfield iu Tasmania,-. yet l am- informed. that; auoh'is about to be proved,- and that to the full ; satisfaction of those who have so long identified', themselves with the /mineral and! geological -de- i posits ofthat; island.' : "As - to' who ; or' what, oom- j p'ahy';wiil receive ' the ' long'promised ,-re ward 'of - L5000'fbr.. the':, discovery ' '.'of coal1 inTimmatiia)'It is impossible forme to offe'rah bpinionbiit'.'thei raoe .w.ilhbe.keen. ".V/.'.; / ' I The continual changes. in the Police Depart ment appear to.puzzle the officers as well as the men./ No - sooner./ does ,.a'n ..in.Bpeator, ,a,:sub- ;io'spectbr,r,or.i a : senior-sergeant . get/ placed; in charge, of aatatibn and' 'become acquainted with the oriminal'oIass;Uhan':heds at once removed to another district. The- result -is - that the most astute officer is often1 thrown . off hie guard, by having to 'prosecute persons of whom he /knows but little, but who, if prbseqiited before' anothor bourt'.' would receive/his full/deserts;.... JRhile. re ferring to, this matter, v I. may mention that Mr 'Sub-inspector Larner; who lately waa appointed to take charge/of - the Williamstoyvn atation, has been removed to the central' branch inRusBell- slreet/" ' " , It ' is probable that the last has' not ' yet been .heard' pf /the '/-interesting and' long cohtiriuing s'uit df'the Hand 'and Band Co.,' as.tq-flajyjiie master in equity, signed the qrder.for' the pay ment. of- the sum of ;,L68i6 lis and interest. A meeting of the direotors: . was. subsequently held -at.Scott's.. Hotel,, at .whioh Mr. Frank. Madden was authorised to demand and . receive" the money. i Aotihg under this authority he-applied to ' Mr Smith; the manager .of the-; defendant bank, at the bank premises for payment ''of the amount, ' which Mr Smith politely declined to pay. The direotors again met and passed a re solution that the' solicitors of - the : company should either issue an execution and - put the sheriff in possession of the bank, or ' apply for an order to have the estate of the bank placed 'under sequestration for contempt of court.-; - An intimation has been forwarded by - the 'solioitor of the company to the solioitor of, the bank of this resolution having been passed, "and' should the matter not be settled this evening, either, an execution will be issued for the.amoupt, jand bailiff put in possession of the bank, "or proceed-' .ings wjll be taken to have the estate of the , bank placed under sequestration. Should; the sheriff be plaoed'in possession, I am told that the fees and poundage will amount to about L376. Oommeroial. — Business has been ,-quiet to day. -Flour, L10 7a Gd to L10-10s;. Fair sales of wheat up to 5s '2d for prime. Oat's, 6s to 5s 4d for good samples. Maize steady at 6s. ; : :.= j A . Dead Sure Thing.— A few years ago the Eev. Mr. Hammond was coming up thd Mississippi 'bn- a steamboat.. Among - the passengers', ;wtts' 'a. well- known gambler. ' ,Th boat . haji//beOn, out: from Neyi Orleahs, tjjio days, but-, owing .to Mr.Hammoiid'sinfluenb.e not a card had been played "or a bet made by anybody. - This waa ruinous to the gambler's business. He had- tried everybody on the ;boat for : a ;game of some .kind, or abet.on something,- but ;he- had failed In' every at. tenipt. ,!i LHe -was1 getting desperate; Alohgin 'who '.was '.sitting oh. the hurricahe deck/ ; and called his attention to a couple1 of gulls -flying serosa the ' river,- a few hundred yards Ahead .of. the. boat, "yes, I,see . theifiij" ! sdicl Mr Hammond, "ell I'll bet you five doilars one of them falls into the water before wegeV by them;"' "I never bet — you ought tb know that," was. the reply. " Well I'll make, it tweiity to five j now come." Mr Hammond turned on his heel and left him. The gambler looked mournfully at him for a few moments, and then continued his walk again. .Presently lie came back and accosted Mr Hammond again. "I'll bet you twenty to five that this boat blows up before we go ten miles'fur- thor. Now, there's a good bet 1 What do you say I" He was informed again of Mr Hammond's calling, and that such proposi tions were scandalous. " But that's a dead sure thing — you cannot possibly lose j come, what do you say j" Mr Hammond sought another port of tho deck, and left theobtrusive gentleman With the "dead sure-thing " to himself. The boat had scarcely proceeded five miles, when sure enough it did blow up. Mr Hammond somehow got an earlier start than liia late prosecutor, and wenb up quite a distunes. As he was coming down he was met by our sporting friend, who cried out,- as he passed : "Hallo, parson, bet you ten dol lars that I go higher , than you did l-Whafcdo jay f '--American Paper, The oitizons of a town in Virginia feel a little oold towards a husband, whose wife ..fell down a woll, and . who! rddo: thrco.milea toborrow "ajrope whan there was' a ladder long enough" fir thepur- pose against tho housoV ' ' ' - : - " Have you dnnip sheets in your housb ?",' asl£ed a guest of a'rhanagor of a' fashionable hotel/ as he registered his name. "No, '.replied tho manager.,, "but I'll' havo a pair, dampened' fdr. V ou,lif Ood: wish." Tho stranger retired. " ' — An A morican farmer 'sent to an oijiHih iUylum for a hoy that was amaVt, active, brave', tractable,' prompt, industrious, clean, pious,' intelligent;' good- looking, reserved and modest. ' TliO auperintbndhnt wroto back that unfoftuhately they had only Kir'-' man boys in that institution. ! i - ! i - 1 Ij ij'i' Knivk Polish London. — Oakey's .Wellington K nife Polish.— Old knivos olenned constantly with this preparation boar a brillianoy of palish equal to now outlory. As will -bo scou.by thoir- advortisq--. ment in our columns,, it. oan bo used withany kind of knifo. hoard or k ni fe.nloanin v maohine. — Adv. ,;t) 