TALE ON 'CHANGE. I will buy with yon, sell with you, talk with you." -SHAKSPEARB. " -Quamquam ridentem dicere venim ' Quid vetatl"-HORACK. The wonderful telegram which was to ex tinguish the Legislative Council and abash the supporters of law and order has arrived. Ana reading between the lines of inspired newspapers, it is Lombard-street to a China orang6 that His Excellency will never sign a warrant for payment of money on resolutions of the Legislative Assembly, without a con scientious expectation of an Appropriation Bill including such being acceptable to the Legislative Council. Before a fortnight, those who have been bragging of the approval of the Colonial Office will be its vilifiers, and His Excellency will be fortnnate if he escape objurgation for taking such advice as will re move all risk of irregularity. When will the dumb herd speak ? Is there no limit to the docility of the forcible feeble majority which meekly submits to be led by the nose! Even the leading Ministerial organ is compelled to enter a proper protest against the high-ltanded proceedings of Government There has been a threat of throwing open the gaols, and now even that has commenced by the Ministerial misdemeanour of undertaking the release of life-sentenced prisoners with out previously consulting Parliament. No one. will suspect' me of enjoying Ministerial confidence. And yet, somehow, their secret movements find their way to me. It will presently be found that they intend to carry'out1 two lines of wdlwajy branching from the Gipps Land line. One will be t&e; rattway already mentioned as far as Malvern. The other a line forking Bomewhere on the Mel bournbside of OikleJgh, running down the . Gardiner ValleK and joining the North* Bister^ liwe.' "Oft rivoyfcd Object is to ao|* atid $b^u^t<Yinr^; i K® | \ < m; -.i'U r'": . t ~r their dire distress, appeal to the Upper House, which in its tam -would come to its knees. A member of the Mintetty,1 ftW re ported, speaking of three dismissed police magistrates who had immediately entered upon some occupation (two as banisters) whereby to earn a living, said, severely "The Ministry look upon it as vety bad taste, indeed, in these gentlemen to com mence practice at once. They might have waited to see what would be done .for them." The Wattle-bark Commission are very good natured. They are travelling around every where, and taking a vast amount of evidence to prove the aggregate result of two and two. No disinterested person outside the'Ministry ever had any fear that the wattle was to be extinguished, and when the Royal Commis sion has done its work it will simply confirm the public verdict, that nothing could be more absurd or more mischievous in depriv ing many poor fellows of a means of living, .than an export duty limiting the industry of stripping. I mentioned last week the generous con duct of one public school principal to a victim of the crisiB, and from another of the latter class I have had an instance of similarly creditable liberality on the part of another head master. ItiB curious to observe how venomous a Christian writer in a religious newspaper can be. Falling foul of my poor self for an imagined scoff at religion, instead of seeking to lead the straying lamb back to the fold, I am pelted with epithets. I am called "a notorious offender," "a literary libertine," &c.; My special offence was having narrated on this day fortnight how a professedly pious sheepowner had pleaded the loss of the sheep he had borrowed money upon as a reason for not meeting his engagements, the sheep he had not borrowed upon miraculously sur viving. " Now, we do not know," says the scathing critic of the Methodist Chronicle, .' what the precise object of the author of the story was, unless to ridicule people who are God-fearing," &c.; Now, I think if this amiable gentleman didn't know, he might have asked the first dozen persons he met, and they would, I imagine, have informed him that the obvious moral of the story was to discredit hypocrisy-to flout that profession of religion which uses the article as a.cloak for sharp practice. I won't better the Christian example-from the Methodist standpoint exhibited for my instruction and improve ment, and freely forgive " the clumsy attempt to create prejudice against a class " of press writers, whose sympathies with the right and hatred of the wrong are just as keen as if they wore white neckcloths with an over dose of starch in them. In a flourishing district on this side of the Murray there was the rare experience of en countering difficulty in raising a very few pounds for the Indian Famine Belief Fund. By way of contrast, when a call was made by the admirers of its Parliamentary representa tive (who, I need hardly say, is not starving), £200 was readily subscribed by the district for the purpose of perpetuating his fame by transferring him to canvas in appropriate oil. It has even been hinted by one enthusiast that a lasting honour might be conferred on Her Majesty by presenting to her the oleaginous mass. He was a trifle boisterous, but he spoke his mind. It was in this wise, and in a crowded smoking carriage, and although his conver sation was addressed to his friend it was in a tone of voice that gave every .one in the car riage an opportunity of hearing him.: "' Yes,' said Charlie to me, the right thing is a National Bank of Issue !' ' Dear me,' said I, ' Charlie, is that so! Tell me all about it. What is a National Bank of Issue?' 'A National Bank of Issue,' Bays he,' is a-a-a. Well, it's juBt the thing we want. You see it's as easy to print £10 notes as £1 notes, and if we had Government printing £10 notes, or £50 notes, we'd all have plenty of money.' 'Bothered,' said the speaker,' if I think Charlie knew much more than myself about national banks of issue!'" And then again, " What a fine thing to frighten people is a word they don't under stand. (I'm frightened of ghosts myself.) Beautiful word that oligarchy. Enough, to terrify anybody. Minds me of Lord Black cock's preserves in the. old country. . He put up notices warning off poachers and tres passers-said there were traps and spring guns everywhere. Lor' bless you, nobody believed that there was anything of the kind there. They said he was far too good natured. So his lordship had boards painted with some long words on 'em in Greek etters-something like ' pplyphosboio- tha lasses' those who knew said it was.- Abd when the poachers saw it, and couldn't read il or understand it, they said ' We mustdxop our little game. Just locdc at theboasda he's in earnest now-the old m&n; tneans it this time.' Nothing, I assure you, Mke a good h&rd; name that no one wnfliwprtfriflq to frighten a fellow. Who wouldn't be frightened of an oligarchy, which about oneinten could spellif the placard was torn down. > Not long ago Saltbush called tm me, saw Slip-panel, andremained a few hours,. Shortly after his dismountingthepoBfc-bsg came in, and he was handed tfre. newsfi&pw; to read whilst I went aboutsemebusiness which necessarily occupied ine .lor an honr. After a marked alt^t^ ju^ his manner towards me-in fact, he-«te quite cool 1 couldn't account iojrlt reading the paper and looking over the wool sales, f; 'wool quoted at 6d 4 "^Thea 1 nrnWfrftK! ^^rgymen.with )&i; . roittB, A sleeping apartment for self and wife, $1)4 enabling for the horses." Boniface (who is alBO. a free selector) pauses for a moment, and replies, " Yes, we can manage. Your missus can tarn in with my missus, we can turn in together on the stretcher, and the horses we can turn into the paddock. Though the night was wet and cheerless, the paison continued his jouraey. About a year since that irrepressible fellow Flight, who joins every new society that is started, told his friends that his aunt who had lived in England was de^d, " but you know 1 have joined the Funeral Reform As sociation, and really wearing mourning is very absurd. I don't intend to alter my dress in any way." Some months after a friend met him in deep black, and inquired for whom he wore mourning. "Oh," said he, "for my aunt (dear old lady)-left me five hundred -how pleasantly crisp a bank-draft of that amount is!" " But," said his friend, " I thought you considered it absurd to wear black? Funeral Reform, yon know!" "Oh I remember," said F , "but at that time I knew nothing about the legacy!" iEGLES. 