Alighted Wrong. BY EDMCXD VATES, ' The exiting of tbe lottet - \rhidi came to the leentiful villa by theses, that glftiious day, had ibeen attended witli difficulties which are not easily (described, tartly from his knowledge of the man, and partly from the gift of insight and sympathy ??n-hiATlio nossessed in a rate decree, James dug ;dtle could enter into tbapejplexity ami JDtricacy of ithebouble of which he was the harhineer.and could follow the inevitable workings of Mr. Bald-win s ; mind under the circumstances. Meredith had at .first proposed that the truth should not be t6U to ;£aJdwin, that he should only he prepared for im portant news of an unpleasant character, and ur ged tpteturnas speedily as possible. ''But James -would not agree to this. ' ? No,' he said, ' the truth must be told, and borne , somehow ; and a plain simple statement of it to* wan like Baldwin is the best thing to be dace, Mid ?nill-enablehinitobesritbest. If he is kept in suspense, he will be unable to keep her from sus picion, and that is the great point fcr him to ?secure.' ' ., . That Mr. Baldwin would eiert himself to the utmost to- conceal his feelings until they readied England, James did not doubt ; and that he would acquiesce iu their view of the case he felt assured. 'With this view, and in this spirit, tbe terrible letter was written : how it was read, how the full inowtedge of the meaning of its contents was en dured, no human being ever knew. In the midft of the preat bewilderment -which fell upon Fitzwit liam Baldwin, while he sat with his eyes fixed upon Dugdale's letter, in the midst «if the rush of wildly-varying but alt-painful feel ing which took possession of him, two things were uppermost in his mind; the one that the news ?which had reached him mitfit be hidden until their nrrival in England from Margaret, the other that the birth of a son would eet tbis dreadful matter Sight, as far as it was capable of rectification, Asttie hours during which he was absorbed in -leed and agonising reverie wore away, he saw 'these two points more nnd more clearly, nud began 'to take comfort from them. Dugdalehad laid so onuch stress in tliis letter upon the certainty of ths truth being known to no one but Mere :dith and himself, upon the feasibility' of *uch prompt and ready action, that it would be . necessary ouly 'to let Margaret learn the need of the second marriage ceremony iust be 'fnm the time of its nerformance. and upon the for tunate circumstance that the little one so uninten tionally wronged would ba placed beyond the reach of injury when the expected event should liave taken place, that the heart-stricken reader could not but see the force of his arguments. He thought very little of himself in all this. A Ewift sharp pang of regret when he felt that he Had bailed in the great task he had set himself, the iigh privilege he had striven for— that tno woman iwhom he loved with such love ss his experience old him men very rarely had to bestow, waB not ?placed by that love, and all the defences with ?which it had surrounded her, beyond the reach of the stings of fortune— a piercing, agonising sense of defeat, of failure— and all Iib suffered in his ?own person, on his owp account, was finished and «ver. -But for her, for Margaret— she who, in the midst of her happiness, in the summertide of her pride, and the security of her good fortune, dreaded the slightest, most passing reference to the pnst. whose sensitiveness and delicacy was tortured even a ow vrith a sense of degradation in the clinging of the' old associations of the past— for her, he 1 suffered as much as it was in his nature— which liad lartrelv the faculty of Ttain— to suffer. When the time drew near at which lie must pre pare, to meet Margaret, to find himself under her 'calm, but, where lie was concerned; keen obser vation, forced to deceive her in fact, and to feign a state of spirits utterly foreign to the truth, he started up with n sudden fear that the havoc which iad been at work within him might have made its mart upon his face. He knew that his wife— and when the dear familiar word came into his thoughts, lie shuddered at the sudden realisation it forced ?upon him of the awful truth, she was not his wife r-that Margaret would detect trouble in his lace will) unerring keenness and certainty. He must devise a pretext for their sudden rotum, Dugdale bad said in the letter. Of course, and it must be found, must be decided upon, ut once, lie stood still before a mirror and looked nt hie face. It was pale and haggard, as though lie had gone through a long illness, and had grown sud denly older in it. The pretext which would ac count to Margaret for thisface of his must be a se rious one. And if it must, why not make it the true Ctext ? Could he devise to tell her any trouble, :, or calamity affecting him which she would not share to the full? Were they not, indeed, and in the holiest truth of that mysterious tie of love, one? Would she not grieve as much for an im aginary evil, if it could thus affect iiim, as for tbe real cross which she would have to carry ? At first, iiis wondering gaze upon his own changed face in the glass, Fitzwilliam Baldwin thought—' Yes, 1 may as well tell her the truth ; she cannot take it ?worse than she will take anything affecting me onlvl' But, ngain, a little reflection stopped him. If the truth were revealed to Mar garet now, it would be eo far different from eny trouble that could come to them in the ?ordinary course of their united life, that it must sever them, l'roin the instant that Margaret vhould kuow that she was not bis wife there would be no more liberty for her, but restraint be tween them, and the action of a feeling which would take strong root .in her delicate and sensi tive mind. No, ho must guard her,, as her warm hearted but cool-judging friends had decided, against the discovery — he should win her forgive ness afterwards for a small deception involving sso much to be gained in this terrible crisis of their late. lie roamed from room to room of the beautiful villa overhanging tbe sea, and looked drearily around him on all the familiar objects associated with their everyday life. They were nil familial-, true, and yet they were bo strange. On them all there was the impress of the dreariness and tbe desolation which eweeps in the wake of a great chock, of a sudden event after winch life can never again be tha same, 'over all the soulless things in the inidst of which we live. These were Margaret's looms, and she was Hitting about them when he caw her and them lost, and they could never look the same again— neither they nor Margaret. Could it be true ? AVas it real, or a dream ? He stopped and pulled out James's letter, aud lead it again; and once wore the full terrible reality struck him ns with a palpable physical T)low. This, then, was the fulfilment of that vogue dread which Margaret confessed to having felt, £lia£ 'superstitious terror' which had pursued her Often when her life was fullest of blessinj*s nnd Jiappinesa. James J)ugdale had not erroneously estimated the confidence which he believed to ex Set between Fitzwilliam Baldwin and Margaret. It ?waa thorough, xwrfect, absolute. There had not 'been a thought of her benrt hidden from her husband, and therefore he was fully nble to com prehend s.11 the depth and bearing, the full weight and severity, of the calamity which had come upon them. - What a mockery was the beauty of tbe scene on -which be looked 1 What warmth or light was there in the sunshine now— what music was there in the play of the bright 'waves upon the curving coast ? Then he took himself to task for weakness. Me ought to have stood the shock of even such in telligence better than this. Where were the strength and manliness which never before had Jailed him ? In other straits and trials of his life lie had always manifested and been proud, after a fashion, of manifesting strength and composure ; Imt in this they failed him. Strength had for Baken his limbec snd tbere was no composure in the ashen face he looked at in the gloss; for the chief weight of this Crushing sorrow must fall, not on himself, but on one much dearer— on her whose happiness he had set before him aa the chief aim snd effort of bis life. 'There was a common-sense practical point of view in which he ought to look at it— -tbe point of view in which Dugdale's letter had placed it, the point of view which was so much moro clearly 'perceptible to Hayes Meredith than to James. After all, the evil waa transient, if irreparable ; slid the proposed precautions, taken with good will and with good sense, could not fail. Rut fitzwilliam Baldwin was not quite master of him self in this crisis ; a touch of the same presenti jnent which had haunted Margaret came now to lim, and made him tremble before an undefined dreaddimly looming behind the clear and ascer tained truth. When he set himielf seriously to decide upon the pretext by which he should kcceunt to Margate for thetadcen aaapi of eUitl*urpluis,tMr.*flald wfcwasW slow about iiudinff one. , t Margafat knewlittlein detailwf the ''JSgggHS, Jr andcircuVfetences of the large property. oF-rffiSa/' Bbewasth\murress. ThigignvrancearosajndjUieJv rbm incapucttjVior from lack' of irittrafcjUit came xolelv from- a little of thu' liaay:burl«gu4 eelinc couibihod wth tlie full occupation other: mind in the deliglfe of her houietendher household and the ides that sueudways had time before her for the acquisition of a knowledge of what she called ' Fitiwilliam's office-business. Lady Dacyn try was notoucli wiser ; wdee^.shojatlier trot led to her brotte's knowing all ahout^her affairs, aud .transacting all business relating to Davyntry, troubled' toself with inquiry intomatlers regard -DThepre\e'v'. then, should, be a letter from the factor at the Peane, aiAJ uiysut interests of the Droiwrly «t siSke, lequhW^e masters presence, jttov Dnvyntr\, he knew,' v«4d immediately pro pose that she mid -iargaret\\* wld reninin (lili es until Mr. Baldwin should! have transacted his business, to which he must 'be careful to leud a sufficiently unpleasant asperh. and bB able to re ioin them. But Mr. Baldwiu knew he migut make lis miud efc«y on that score. Certain as he was that his simer would make this proposition— which under ibecireuuistanctE, and especially in consideration of MsnsiretV situation, would be eminently ??«-?? iwlya% reasonable-lie was least a? cortain tunt Margaret would not consent to rft.-uaininK at Naples it he had to leave her. llf uiisht safely trust to the gently luaintnined hut ijei/ectly-assured self-will of Marc.irct under such circumstances ;.and this con fidence reduced Jbe difliculttes ofbis'tasU very con Sl His plan was nil arranged, »nd the first rush of the «ea of hi* trouiNes hud subsidfln. wlien Be mounted his horse (Mr. Baldwin's 'horses were famous in Naples) and i *-de slowly nw,ay irom the home in which he had lieon so happy- so liuarvel ouslv happy it seemed to Aim, now th&t; the dis turbing element lind como .'n-to meet Margaret, eeling liken man iuadrearu. . ?Something tins liapi-ened! .Wli.1t is it.' paid Margaret in a whisper tp her Iftisband, as soon ns he had gone through the formalities of the occasion, and she could nnpronch him without lieiug re marked. ? Is there any 'bad news from home ? Is any thing wrong with papa?' ? ? Nothing, my darling. I have been upset liy some unpleasant intelligence from Curbs. It is only a mitier of business ; you shall hear all about it when we set home.' ._.._. ' Only a matter of business. Thank -rod .' Hut you look very ill, Filzwilliam. Is itauytbing very wrong y 'Yes; it may involve 'me in much annoyance. But I caunot say more now. Dont look so anxiously at me ; 1 am not ill, only worried over the affair. Can you get awny^soon'r' 'Ves,iinnr»diately. I have ouJy to gather up Eleanor and baby.' She smiled faintly as she 6poke, and lie returned thesmilo more faintly still. 'Gathortheraup, then, and let us go. ^ The fmv minutes consumed in leave-taking were very tedious to Fitzwilliam Baldwin, and Iiis pale fnce and uncontrollablyabsent manner did not yaes unnoticed by the Lady of the house. 'Imnsuretncrc is something the matter with Mr. Baldwin,' said Mrs. Liuclair to .her husband, when the visitors had departed, a strange sort o gloom, accompanying their lenve-takiug. ? Did you notice. William, how ill he looked ?— just like a man who had seeu n ghost.' ? Nonsense,' was the uucompromisiuc reply o Mr. Sinclair ;' I daresay he is not -well. You should not say such ihiDgs before tlm children, Minnin; vou'U see how we shall have them gravel ydemmid- ing to be informed what is a ghost. \\\ hat shall you do theu ?' ' Refer them to you, sir, as the source and dis penserof universal knowledge. And it's all very well for you to say 'nonsense;' hut i nm certain sometliingis very wrong with Mr. Baldwin. How ever, if there is, wesliall soon know it. 1 nm sure 1 hope not, for his sister's sake.' 'And his wife's, surely ; flie is a very sweet creature.' ' J prefer J^ady Uavyntry.' said Mrs. Sinclair shortly; nnd the conversation dropped. Mr. Baldwin was perfectly vight in his antici pation of the manner in which the communication tie had to make.to his '.wommikiud' would .be 're- ceived by them, hady Dnvyntry was very voluble, Margaret was very .-.ileut and closely observant of her husband. MVhatn horrid nuisance, my dear Fitz!' Mid Lady Davyntry ; ' and 1 must say I think it is ex tremely stupid of Curtis. Of course 1 dou't ]»i'- teud to understand mining business, nnd rights nnd royalties, and all the rest, of it ; but I do wonder he needs roust bother you about it just now, when we are all so comfortable here, and Madge Rutting ever so much oottcr. I Biipposu writing to theso odious pe nplu would not do ? ' No, Eleanor, certainly no!,' replied her brother, ' I must go to them, there's nothing else for it ; 1 saw that at once.' ' Dear, bow tiresome ! And liow long shall you be away. Fit?. ?' 'It is impossible to tell, Nolly; Rnd 1 must start as soon as possible.^How soon can you bo ready, Margaret?' There was an extraordinary tenderness in bis tone, something beyond the customary unlailiug sweetness with which lie invariably addressed her; a compassionate unconscious deference in his man ner which thrilled her sensitive nerves. She had not removed her ga/.e from hsr husbaud's face since he had made the communication which lie had promised ; but she had not spoken a word. - Now she said simply, still looking at him : ? 1 can be ready to start to-morrow, if you are.' 'To start to-mono w, Madge!' exclaimed Lady Davyntry in half-angry, half-incredulous astonish ment. ' You cannot mean it . There was never sucli an idea entertained by Fit/,, I am certain, tie your going. — OfcourEe, you don't mean it?' And she lunicd anxiously lo her brother. ' 1 certainly did think Margaret would come wilb me,' returned Mr. Baldwin. ' I assure you, Nelly,' said Margaret, ' nothing could induce me to remain here without him.' Lady Davyntry was very good-humoured, as she always was, but very voluble and eager in her re monstrances. Tim discussion was somewhat of a relief to Mr. Baldwin, aud it ended as ho liad fore seen it would end. Margaret and her little daughter wnula accompany him to Eng land, nnd Iiis sister would remain at Xaplcs. The servants, with tbe exception of the child's nurse, were to be left at tbe . villa, Mr. Baldwin had lemembejud that tho absence of attendants on Margaret, nnd himself would materially contribute to the maintenance of that secrecy which was so necessary. The simplicity of tho personal habi ts of both rendered their tr.iveli i»j» without scrrsuts a waiter ot surprise to so one. The crushing mills at Afldon^will be kept bard at work for noroe time. AtineUsund Co, liavo.imt reduced 31S tons at Wilmjn «nd KitcliieV battery, from which they obtained MOoz of gold. They have also (mother large qusntitj- of etons ready forcrudiing, but they will keep it over for a while in order to allow other companies to have their quartz reduced. Thev Groat Victoria Co. have commenced crushing nt Wil liams'* battery ; and tbe Currajong Co. finished up a very good crushing at Wilson and Co.'s machine, but I did not learn the exact yield per ton. The Flag staff Co. had a trial crushing nt Williams's bat tery, and a yield of 4o-i to tbe toa via the result. Annetta and Cn. liavo taken up a gold-mining lease on the Tumut Gap, .ind\their euterprisinf; and perse vering spirit warrants the anticipation that the Gap line of reef will be reallyjproveu by them. The so called prospecting previously practised there wns chiefly by men who did not possess the necessary means to carry out their efforts, and wag merely surfsce-scratcbin;. IfcilE to be loped that tbe quartz, which is nearly payable on the surface of the Gap reef, when followed do»u, will become richer in quality, and frill not only amply remunerate tlie com pany who have undertaken its development, but alto afford scope for new ventures.— Correspondent Tuuur Times. 