MUSiUTS. : ' — ,?; ?♦???? ? *-. - ' ?'. . ; ' The erigagetnerit. of Mr. . Rignold at the Theatre Royal corioludedon Saturday- evening last, when ho appeared as Colonel Chalice in the comedy drama Alone and as William in the' nautical drama of Black-eyed Susan. The olot of Alone, which' in fchn wrirlc nf Messrs. Palgravo Simpson and Herman Mori, yale, is simple. The colonel, an unhappy, irritable man, lives in solitude, mourning over tho supposed elopement and dishonor of his daughter, his onjy visitor being a vulgar and selfish cousin. The colonel becomes blind, and now, feeling himself doubly alone in tho world, engages the ser vices of a young lady to road to him. The youthful reader succeeds in gaining the affections of the old colonel, and it then ap pears that she is the daughter who in his nngcr and resentment he had dis owned. It is further made clear that the young lady had not been guilty of any fault, but was the victim of a base plot. She was decoyed . from sohool by a letter stating that her mother 'wits ., suffering from a dangerous illness, and '' wiBhed to see her child; at tha, same time a Captain Cameron is invited to meet her by means of a lette'r purporting to be written by Miss Chalice. On discovering that she has been betrayed Miss Chalice wiBhed to return to her school, ' but was refused admittance; Captain Cameron, being ordered on foreign ? service, was unable to clear her character by giving the ' correot version of the elopement. All is eventually cleared up ; the colonel takes his daughter back to his heart onco again, and his happi ness is increased by the recovery of his sight. As the fretful old soldier Mr. Rig-; nold played with natural ease. The despair evinced at the loss of his sight was power-' fully depicted ; and in those passages where / h an expression of '? feeling was required' he developed a considerable amount of artistio dramatic pathoB. The part of the Colonel's daughter was assumed by Miss Jenny Bryce. The part is one out of tluV lady's v usual line, and tho clever manner in1 which she fulfilled the requirements 6i the character marked the versatility of - her'' talents. Miss Jenny Watt was 'quite1 at home as the handsome, fashionable1 widow, Mrs. Thornton. Stratton Strauless, ' the vulgar cousin, was well played by Mr. ' Taylor, and Mr. Appleton was all that was required as Captain Bertie Cameron. ; Mr.' Vincent's impersonation of Dr; Nuokle thwaite, the Colonel's medical attendant, was weak. As William, in Black«eyed Susan, Mr. Rignold made a most favorable impression; he was the hearty, thorough-going ' English Bailor, and did all that he had to do naturally . ? and effectively. In the emotional soenes he was particularly good. . Susan was well played by Miss Navaro ; and the other ohar acters were appropriately sustained. On Monday, at tho Theatre Royal, Mr. Samuel Emery, an English! delineator of ' character ' parts of acknowledged ability, made hia debut before a Victorian audienoe; He appeared as Dan'l Peggotty; in Little. Em'ly, . a dramatised version of Charles Dickens's novel David Copperfield. Those who remember the .Princess's Theatre in its palmy days will not have forgotten the version of Little Em'ly, . written by Mr., George Faucett Rowo, and the admirable impersonation the adapter, gave of Mr.. Micawber. , As an acting pieco the adaptation of Mr. Rowe .was far better! than. the one. in which Mr.* Emery appeared on Monday night. - It played closer, ad*, herod more strictly to the action of the novel, and. the interest, was. far better sustained.. The reason no doubt ? is that in the present, version the unities have been sacrificed to existing exigencies. In the novel DariTPeg gotty is scarcely a prominent .character, but in the play written for the development of. ; Mr. Emery's talent, it is, necessary that ho should be so. To this end considerable muti lation takes place, just as would take place . if Mrs. Gummidge, 'alone lorn creature,' ? was elevated to a prominent position in order to afford the leading old woman an op., portunity of displaying her. ability, or if Miss Moucher was made the character upon which the interest of the play turned. The effect of the play is therefore somewhat de pressing. The spectator feels that Mr. Emery iB Dioken's Dan'l Peggotty, but,!that littlo Em'ly is not Dickens'a Dayid Copperfield. The main incidents of the play are the elopement of Little Em'ly with Stcerforth, the search for her by her unole, arid the re-. turn of the .wanderer to Peggqtty's homo. The .episode of Heep's villany .'and Wiok field's weakness has no real conneotion with the dramatic story. Micawberappearsto.be out of place, arid tobe the mere shadow of tho veritable Wilkins Micawber, who refussd the hand of man and whisky . punch until ; he had 'unmasked that ..vil lain Heep.' Tommy TraddlcB and Betsy Trotwood are little better than names in tho' bills, while the ' occupation' of-Dayid, Mrs.1 Micawber- and Peggotty Barkis has departed.' Tho gceat fault is that there iB no collective' individuality about the characters. :- Each in a higher or less degree must be judged upoa its own merits. ' As Dan'l , Peggotty , Mr. Emery was eminently successful. ' -The chief merit of hiB aoting is its entire freedom from anything approaching to stage* effect. - flfr looks the part, and acts it to perfection. Make up and accentuation are both good; his. 'assumption of tho. peculiarities of the; Yarmouth longshore man being artistically natural. HIb words. come from the heart, his power of expressing emotion is oon-. siderablo, and he possesses tho .talent of _. throughout enlisting the sympathies Of - the audieuqe. There is a genial melody-in his laugh, a world of broken-hearted sor-. row in hia intenso grief at the loaa of his, darling Em'ly. . In the churohyard scene .with; Martha, and, when he finds his niece, Mr. Emery ia especially good, Com-. paBsion for the outcast,, and joy at onco again looking upon Little Em'ly, being well and foroibly expressed. Throughout Mr. Emery must be congratulated upon his impersona-. tion of the old boatman, 'Rough sir, rough as soa Porkypine.' As David Copperfield, Mr. Appleton had but little to do, but did that little with hia usual care and intelli gence. His make-up was excellent, and ho looked a fac-simile of the David Copperfield depicted in the illustrations of the original, series of Charles Dickons's works. Steerforth was played by Mr. Charle.s Hall, who failed, in the slightest degree ,to convey one single attribute composing the oharacter of the author's Steerfor tb. Ham Peggotty was en trusted .to Mr. Sefton, who many years ago made a hit in. the same .part. On this occasion he sustained hiB former reputa. tion, and gave, a most intelligent and at the same time most effectivo imper sonation of the charaoter. Traddlea in the play is a nonentity, and Mr. J. Cajsar did nothing torescuothe part from obscurity. The Uriah Heep of Mr. Taylor cannot be called a Buocesaful performance. There was too much of the /'urnble ' business, too much of the 'bent baok' and tho washing of hands with 'in visible Boap.' Mr. Taylor's Heep was overdone — there was too much acting in it. , It reminded one forcibly of a cross between Michael Froeney and Quilp in a red scratch wio; and sad-colored garments of antiquated make. Mr. Gladstone, acquit ted himself creditably as Mr. Wickfield. Micawborin tho hands of Mr. Greville was funny; but it was not 'the Micawber.' We' missed tho pompous familiarity, the grand* iloquent humor, the exaggerated dignity, the gigantic emotion, the high-pressure con jugal affection, and the unotuous suavity c£ the great mail who considered a three months' bill as the panacea for all pecuniary \- evils. The qualities df the realMicawber were wanting. .Mr. Greville'a was a low oomedy vemlon of Dlckeas'a Micawber, and Aa ouoh succeeded in amusing his ondien.ce. little Em'ly was played by Miss Jenny Bryoe, who again, in a character not in. keep, ing with those she usually assumes, aoted with natural grace and feeling. Misa Melrose made an agreeable Agnes Wiokfield, while Miss Florence Neville as Martha was hard and unsympa thetic). Miss Navaro as the vindictive Rose Dartle acted with passionate energy, and threw Into her vocal inflexion an amount of /? malignant expression fully indicative of her ' hatred for the girl who had dared to love 1 otfeerforth. , Aa the faded Mrs. Mioawber, who sustained herself in her pecuniary difficulties with the thoughts of the respect abibity of her male parent, Miss Garrington was not happy. A perusal of the novel would show this lady how grievously ahe has mistaken. the character. Mrs. Edouin Bryer utterly failed in reproducing the author's conception of Miss Betsy Trotwood. Some of the soenery was painted for the production .of the play. The scene repre senting Canterbury Cathedral by. moonlight is an admirable specimen of correot per* speotive, is effective, and is painted in Mr. John Hennings's beBt style. At the Prince of Wales Opera House Mr. William Creswick has reappeared as Macbeth, and depicting the character throughout as being urged to his destiny by a superhuman force against which it was useless to fight, maintained a well balauced excellence throughout. The cast, which was- the same as when last the piece was presented, was well puataiued by the members of the company. Mr. Creswick has also given an impersonation of Richelieu, and aB the Cardinal developed considerable power. The scene in which round Julie he draws the circle of the holy churoh was marked by impressive dignity. In a New Way to Pay Old Debts Mr. Cres ?wick has again appeared as Sir Giles Over reaob, a part which is certainly not one of his best, and Miss Bowring made an excellent Lady A II worth. To-night Mr. Creswick will Appear for the first time as Ingomar. Cinder the name of the Vagabond Bret Harte's play of the Two Men of Sandy Bar has been produced at the Aoademy of Music. It was in this piece at the Prin cess's Theatre that Mr. Dorsay Ogden made his first appearance as Sandy M orton. Again Mr. Ogden has assumed the character of the bibulous. vagabond, upon whom the charms of the pretty ' sohool marm' work a radical euro. The character is without a doubt Mr. OgdenTi best. . He is natural throughout, and while depicting the degradation to which a wild life, and a love for whisky have brought Sandy. Morton, he never forgets to -Allow the good qualities that underlie the 'vagabond's rough exterior and contempt of Avater to peep out. John Oakhurst, formerly undertaken by Mr. Ireland, is played by Mr. Fleming, who failed to realise ' the Author's conception. As Colonel Starbpttle Mr. Herndon displayed considerable humor, and his make-up was most effective. Mr. Power's Conch o possessed merit, but Mr. Frome, as old Morton, was too demonstrative to bo successful. Mr. Vivian cannot b ? complimented upon his impersona tion of the Heathen Chinee. Mrs. Herndon acted well as Mary Morris, the schoolmis tress. Misa Beatrice, as Donna Jovita, / played effectively, although a stronger tinge '?? tof passionate coloring would have made her impersonation more effective. Miss Lizzie Dison was vivacious as Minuela, and Mrs. Sylvester fulfilled the requirements . of the part of the Duchess. Some of the Cali fornian scenery painted by Mr. Grist is worthy of praise. On Wednesday Augustus .'Daly's comedy Our American Boys and Girls, a piece in which Mr. Dorsay Ogden had ap peared before, wss repeated. It is founded on the charming; comedy The Little Treasure, with. other incidents embodied, and an at tempt at local coloring. As Frank Daah wood, the bashful boy, Mr. Ogden was most amus. -ing. Mr. H.: Fleming's George Randolph was constrained and jerky, while Mr. Fisher was 'not quite at home as General Tarbox. Mr. Frome'a Babbitt, a man about town, was .overdone, 'and Mr. Vivian as Frank Peyton was weak.' The negro servant with a penchant for commentating on Shakspeare .-was played by Mr. H. Power with some skill. Miss Beatrice made a dashing Emily Roaamore, the graduating girl. Miss Meta ?Pelham'8 Mrs. Randolph was wanting in ?color, while Miss Kate Reeve as Mrs. Major Stormwell was scarcely the disagree able mother-in-law Bhe ought to have been. As Nellie Randolph Miss Lizzie Dixon waa pleasantly sprightly, while Miss Silvester was rather too pronouncedly effusivo for Matilda Jane, our servant girl. On Friday Mrs. and Mr. T. J. Herndon took their benefit, when an adaptation of Chavlea Diokeus's Crioket on the Hearth, called Dot, and the 'foodies were performed. At the Princess's Theatre the Flying Buck has held its place npon the boards during Hie week. A sensational drama called Fleeced, or the Vultures of the Wombat ?Ranges, will shortly be produced. At the Academy of Music on Tuesday ovening an amateur performance was given in aid conjointly of the funds of the Ohildreit's Hospital and Shipwreck Relief fund. The piece chosen ' for production was the burlesque of Blue Beavd, written by Mr. H. Grower, and performed a short time ago at St. Kilda. The characters were under taken by lady and gentlemen amateurs. An no nam*s appeared on the bills, we do not fee! at )il-prfcy to betrayed the Incognito the amateur, company desired to assume. At the commenoement the actors evinced nervous ness and too great a relianco- npon the prompter, but as the burlesque proceeded they o'i'a'ned confidence and thepiece went better. Some of the singing was fairly agreeable, and some was jimt the reverse. The acting waa constrained ; the ladies, however, showing more aptitude than the opposite sex. A local nonu, dealing with the topics of the day, political and social, sung by the Vizier, was received with consider able favor. The costumes were tasteful. The U.S. Minstrels, at Si 0 sorgo's Wall, have been giving their farewell programme, of which the main features— Scones at Cooper and Bailey's Circus, negro eccentrici ties, and the sketch, He Carries a Razor Are atmiBing. Next week their place will bo token by Professor S. E. and Clara Baldwin, V who profess, by means of their 'original light seance,' to expose spiritualism. D'Aroy Read's Ghost continues to walk in the hall of the Melbourne Athenaeum. 