) . T fi E : P H A N T 0 M M INEE.. J ( A dory, of the old, gold digging days.) ( " Tbll you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale old j gentleman of 70 years. " Well, I will relate a peculiar affair that- happened on Tallmans Gully, in 1S59." \ We ivbre all attention, and listened to the very remark - ( able narrative he related in the following manner : / " You must know," commenced my uncle, "that I and ) four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the f river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ) we. wore most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday's f work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were ) every night disturbed in onr rcst by the clink, clink, clink \ oE a pick, about fifty yards from our .canvas home. This f confounded noise always commenced; at midnight, and did ) not, cease until the break of day. One night we were \ determined to see 'who it was ; so we ' sallied forth in the ( bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel ) shirt/high boots, and slouched, hat; '. hard' at work by an \ old claim which had.been deserted for many years. I was r chosen spokesman. , to. expostulate with this noisy digger; ) but when I was within twenty' yards of him, I stood- still, ( transfixed with horror,— for the wearer of the digger's r clothes was po licing man, -.hut a dieloton ) " Uncle Ned 1" we aU cried,' " how fearful." v " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- r to-do looking man, of about' fifty years of age, who j enquired for a digger-of : whom. we knew nothing about. (. He told us that in Ml he and a mate of his deserted from f one. of Her Majesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans ) gold fields. They, worked with pretty good luck for a few ( months, when the new comer went down to, Melbourne to f see abput.some letters. Before he went, : lie said to his \ mate, ? Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the C claim for ;a dajr until I come back.'. Bob promised, and r they parted. 'I went down; to Melbourne,' said the ex- ) digger, 'arid there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on , board'; and now that T. have obtained my discharge, I ' have hastened up here to find -my old chum.' 'You will ) see him to-night,' I said; 1 but you'il find him very much changed.''1 At midnight, the everlasting clink of the ' phantom's pick was heard, and we. all turned'out. 'Ahl' | cried .the sailor, ''there's dear old- Bob. Bob, here I am back. 3 Bob, speak to , me.' He ran to the .figure, which ' turned its liidebus face'oii him; With a loud shriek the seeker I fell senseless on the ground/ "The- ghost -threw down it3 pmkaucl vanished. ..In,, the morning _we discovered the 1 poor .sailor.Air'ai'ihgTuiiatic;" ) i ! i ' I ? .. ; " Oh, uncle Ned, .what- a. fearful story," .. ' " WeR v you/ asked .'lae' t.q; tell you a dory, add I have, done spV') 1 ". ; ' : i 1 ' 1 ' / /"-Then,' it/is hot.tfue ?" | ... 1 , " "/Well, said our.uh'cle,; laughing, " it is as truelas many of rtbe absurd yarns that got about during the 'raging of the gold-fev'ef;' 'Alt, thoseiwere strange days,', when men ivould undergo any ampunt bf .privation for a few ounces of gold. How.different It is now; for 5sh6idcL a. maii be pushed for a laige'or srnall amount albth'at he. has to do ' is to havehhuriteiwiew with ' ; B AYID' I-IENRY. of 52 Collins street east: ; Who has from £5. toA 'i.0,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with ''or '-without :secuf ity), / salary ordei's, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, oriexpecthd femittanccs, or on- moneys per sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., i repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills' discoiinted daily at the lowest rate of interest/and mortgages from 6 per cent. 