HOW SAVAGES SWEAR. The following is an account..of.some carious forms of judicial oaths:- When a Gatla of Abyssinia sits down over a pit covered with a hide, impre eating that he may fall into a pit if he breaks his word, or when in our police courts we make a Chinaman swear by taking an earthen saucer and breaking it on the rail in front of the witness box, signifying as the interpreter then puts it in words; "If you do not tell the truth your soul will be cracked like this saucer" we have here two full oaths, of which the penalty, magical or religious, is shown in pantomime before us. The rude natives of New Guinea swear by the sun, or by a certain mountain or by a weapon, that the sun may burn them if they lie. The savages of the Brazilian forests raise the hand over the head or thrust it into their hair, or they will touch the points of their weapons. As to swearing by weapons, another graphic instance of its original mean- ing comes from Aracan, where the witness, swearing to speak the truth, takes in his hand a musket, a sword, a spear, a tiger's tusk, a crocodile's tooth, and a thunderbolt (that is, of course, a stone celt). The oath by the weapon not only lasted on through classic ages, but remained so common in Christendom that it was expressly forbidden by a synod. Even in the seventeenth century to swear on a sword (like Hamlet's friend in the ghost scene) was still a legal oath at Holstein. As for holding up the hand to invoke the personal divine sky the successor of this primitive gesture remains to this day among the ohief acts in the solemn oaths of European nations. , One ; of the accounts from New Guinea is that the swearer, holding up an arrow, calls on .heaven to punish him if he lies, but by turning the arrow the other way the oath can be neutralised. An Abyssian chief, who had sworn an oath he disliked, had been, seen to scrape it off his tongue and spit it out. There are still places in Germany where the false witness reokons to escape the spiritual consequences of perjury, by crooking one finger, to make it, I suppose, not a straight but a crooked oath; or he puts his left hand on his side to neutralise what the right hand is doing, Hero is the idea of our "over the left; " but so far as I know this has come down with us to mere schoolboy's shuffling. Probably to this day there may be seen in Russian law courts in Siberia the oath on the boar's head. When an Ostayak is to be sworn a bear's head is brought into court and the man makes believe bite at it, calling on the bear to devour him in like manner if he does not toll the truth. Among the hill tribes of India a tiger's skin is sworn on in the same sense as the bear's head head among the Ostayaks. Rivers again which to the savage and barbarian are intelli gent and personal divinities, are sworn by, in strong belief that their waters will punish him who takes their name in vain. 