ÈËEMA: Or MY FATHER'S SIN. Br Ii. D. BLACKMORE, ATJTHOB OF ** LOHÏÏA Dooir," " AXIOE IiOBBAIITE," &C.; CHABTEIt XL.-THE MAN AT LAST. . The new alliance with Mrs. Busk not only re freshed my courage, but helped me forward most importantly. In truth, if it had not been for this, I never cauld have borne what I had to bear, and the perils which I had to meet. For I had the confidence of feeling now that here was one close at hand, an intelligent person, and well acquainted with the place and neighbourwood, upon whom I could rely for warning, succour, and, if the worst should come to the very worst, revenge. It is true that already I had Jacob Rigg, and, perhaps, the protector promised by my cousin, but the former was as ignorant as he was honest, and of the latter, as ho made no sign, how could I tell anything ? ? Above all things, Mrs. Busk's position, as mis tress of the letters, gave me very great advantage both for offence and defence. For with jut the smallest breach of duty, or of loyal honour, she could see that my letters passed direct to me, or from me, as the case might be, at the same time . thatshe was bound to observe all epistles addressed to strangers or new-comers in her district, which extended throughout tho valley. And by putting my letters in the Portsmouth bag, instead of the Winchester, I could freely correspond with any of my friends without anyone seeing name or post mark in the neighbouring villages. It is needless to say that I had long since ex plored, and examined with great diligence, that lonely spot where my grandfather met his terrible and mysterious fate. Not that there seemed to be any hope now, after almost nineteen years, of find ing even any. token of the crime committed there. Only that it was natural for me, feeling great horror of this place, to seek to know it thoroughly. For this I had good opportunity, because the timid people of the valley, towards the close of day, would rather trudge another half-mile of the homeward road than save brave legs at the thump-; ihg cost of hearts not so courageous. For the planks were now called " Murder-bridge ;" and everybody knew that the red spots on it, which could never be seen by daylight, began to gleam towards the hour of the deed, and glowed (as if 'they would burn the wood) when the church clock struck eleven. . ': : ! This phenomenon was beyond the gifts of obser ' vation ; and knowing that my poor?? grandfather jhad'scarcèly, set foot oh the bridge, if ever he set , f ó ot there at all- which at presen t was very doubt ful-also that he had fallen backward, and only .bled internally, I could not reconcile tradition ! (however recent) with proven truth. And sure of no disturbance from the step of any native, here I . often ¿sat in a; little bowered shelter of my own, well established up the rise, down which the path made .zig zag, and screened from that and the bridge as well by sheaf of twigs andlop of leaves. 'It was a little forward thicket, quite detached 'from' the upland copse, to which perhaps it had . once belonged, and crusted ¡up from the meadow slope with sod and mould in alternate steps. And being quite the elbow of a foreland of the mea .- dow-reach; it yielded almost a " birdseye view" of ' the beautiful glade and the wandering brook. y, One evening, when I was sitting here, neither /drawing, nor working, nor even thinking with any set purpose, but idly allowing my mind to ' rove, like the rivulet, without any heed, I became ..aware of a moving figure in the valley. At first it did not appear to me as a thing worth notice ; ; it might be a very stoaightforward cow, or a horse, ?.coming on like a stalking horse, keeping hindlegs ..strictly behind, in direct desire of water. I had -often seen those sweet things that enjoy four legs in the line of distance as if they wore no better ?off than we are. kindly desiring, perhaps, to make tthe biped spectator content with himself. And I ( was,content to admire this cow, or horse, or what ( ever it might be, without any more than could be :; helped of that invidious feeling which has driven ( the human race now to establish its right to a tail, \- and its hope of four legs. So little, indeed, did I think of what I saw, that when among the hazel ' 'twigs parted carelessly by my hand, a cluster of ', hiits hung manifest, I gathered it and began to " V,crock and eat, although they were scarcely ripe . yet. : . But while employed in this pleasant woy, I hap pened to glance again through my leafy screen. . and then I distinguished the figure in the distance as that of a man walking rapidly. He was cam . ing down the mill-stream meadow towards the \- wooden bridge, carrying a fishing-rod, but clearly ' not intent on angling. For, instead of following the course of the stream, he was keeping quite ' away from it, avoiding also the footpath, or at any rate seeming to prefer the long shadows of the I trees and the tufted places. This made me look at ! him, and very soon I shrank into my nest and watched him. As he came nearer any one could tell that he was no village workman, bolder than the rest, and ven turesome to cross the "Murder-bridge" in his haste . to be home. The fishing-rod alone was enough to show this when it came into clearer view ; for our ! good people, though they fished sometimes, only ; used rough rods of their own making, without any : varnish and brass thing for the line. And the man \- was of different height, and walk, and dress, from any of our natives, : Who can he .be," I whispered to myself, as my heart began to beat heavily, and then seemed al most to ^stop, as, it answertd-" this is the man who was in the churchyard." Ignoble as it was, and contemptible, and vile, and trait-rous to all duty, my first thought was about my own escape ; tor I felt that if this man saw me there he would rush up .the hill and murder me. Within pistol shot of the very place where my grandfather had been murdered-a lonely place, an unholy spot, and I was looking at the hand that did it. The thought of this made me tremble so, though well aware that my death might ensue from a twig on the rustle, or a leaf upon the flutter, that my chance of making off unseen was gone ere I could seize it. For now the man was taking lone strides over the worn-out planks of the bridge, disdaining the handrail, and looking upward, as if to shun sight of the footing. Advancing thus he must have had his gaze point-blank upon my lair of leafage ; hut, luckily for me, there was gorse upon the ridge, and bracken, and rag-thistles, so that none could spy up and through the footing of my lurking place. But, if any person could have spied me, this man was the one to do it. So carefully did he scan the distance, and inspect the foreground, as if he were resolved thai; no eye should be upon him while he was doing what he came to do. And he even drew forth a little double telescope, such as are called " binoculars," and fixed it on the thicket which hid me from him, and then on some other dark places. No effort would compose or hush the heavy beat ing of my heart ; my lips were stiffened with dread of loud breath, and all power of motion left me. For even a puff of wind might betray me, the ruffle of a spray, or the lifting of a leaf, or the random bounce of a beetle. Great peril had en compassed me ere now, but never had it grasped me as this did, and paralysed all the powers of my body. Eather would I have stood in the midst of a score of Mexican rovers than thus in the presence of that one man. And yet was not this the very thing for which I had waited, longed and laboured? I scorned myself for this craven loss of nerve, but that did not enable me to help it. In this benumbed horror I durst not even peep at the doings of my enemy ; but presently I became aware that he had moved from the end.of the planks (where he stood for some time as calmly as if he had done nothing there), and had passed round the back of the haw thorn tree, and gone down to the place where the body was found, and was making most narrow and minute search there. And now I could watch him without much danger, standing as I did well above him, while his eyes were steadfastly bent down ward. And, not content with eyesight Only, he seemed to be feeling every blade of grass or weed, every single stick or stone, craning into each cranny of the ground, and probing every clod with his hands. Then, after vainly searching, with the very utmost care, all the space from the hawthorn trunk to the meadow-leet (which was dry as usual) he ran in a fury of impatience to his rod, which he had stuck into the bank, as now I saw, and drew off the butt-end, and removed.the wheel, or what ever it is that holds the fishing line ; and this butt had a long spike to it, shining like a halberd in a picture. , This made me shudder ; but my spirit was re turning, and therewith ruy power of reasoning, and a deep stir of curiosity. After so many years, and sucha quantity of searching, what could there still be left to seek for, in this haunted and horri ble place? And who was the man that was looking for it ? The latter question partly solved itself. It must be the murderer, and no other, whoever he might be arnon ii the black spots of humanity. . Butas to the other point, no light coula be thrown upon it, unless the search should be successful, and perhaps not even then. But now this anxiety, and shame ot, terror, made meso hold-rf or I cannot call it brave-^that l could not rest satisfied where ,I was, and instead of blessing every leaf ,ánd,twig,that hid me from my enemy, nothing would do for me but to creep nearer, in spite of that truculent long brightspike. V " I thought of my father, and each fibre of my frame seemed to harden with vigour and fleetness, Every muscle of my body could be trusted now. I had always been remarkably light of foot. Could a man of that age catch me ? It was almost as much as Firm Grundy could do, as in childish days I had proved to him. And this man, although his hair was not grey, must be on the slow side of fifty now, and perhaps setting sh >rt of his very wicked breath. Then I thought of poor Firm, and of good Uncle Sam, and how they scorned poltroo nery; and, better still, I thought of that Power which always had protected me-in a word, I re solved to risk it. , ' ; . : But 1 had not reckoned upon fire-arms, which such a scoundre )was pretty sure to have; and that idea struck cdc into my valour:; With no more sound tha i i t eldmouse makes in the build ing of its silken ( £ 1 ,and feet as light as the step of the wind upon tb c scarcely ruffled grass, I'quitted my screen, and w e 3 vglidiHg down a hedge, pr ra ther the residue o some old hedge, which would shelter me a little towards the hoLow of the banks. I passed low places where the man muBt have seen me if he had happened to look up ; but he was stooping .with his back to me, and working in the hollow of the dry water- trough. He was digging with the long spike of his rod, and I heard the rat tle of each pebble that he struck. Before he stood up again, to ease his back, and to look at the ground which he still had to turn, I was kneeling behind a snort close-branched holly, the very last bush of the hedgerow, scarcely fifteen yards from the hawthorn-tree. It was quite im possible to get nearer without coming face to face with him. And now I began again to tremble, but with a great effort conquered it. The man was panting with his labour, and seemed to be in a vile temper, too. He did not swear, but made low noises full of disappointment, And then he caught up his tool, with a savage self-control, and fell to again. , Now was the time to see what he was like, and engrave hini on my memory. But lo,in a moment, I need not do that I The face was the bad image of my father's. A lowered, and vicious, and ill bred image of a noble countenance- such as it was iust possible to dream that my dear father's might have fallen to, if his mind and soul had plunged away from the good inborn and implanted in them. The figure was that of a tall strong man, -with shoulders rather slouching, land a habit of "keeping his head thrown baot,I which made a long chin look longer. Altogether, he seemed a perilous loe, and, perhaps, a friend stúl more perilous. Be he what he. ight, he was working veiy hard. Not one of all Uncle Sam's men, to my knowledge, least of all Martin, would have worked so hard. With his narrow and ill-adapted tool he contrived to turn over, in less than twenty minutes, the en tire bed of the meadow-leet, or trough, for a length of about ten yards. Then he came to the mouth, I where the water of the main stream lapped back into it, and he turned up the bottom as far as ho could reach, and waited for the mud he had raised to clear away. "When this had flowed down with: the stream, he walked in for some little distance till the pool grew deep, but in spite of all his labour-there was nothing. Meanwhile the sun-set glow was failing, and a grey autumnal haze crept up the tranquil valley. Shadows waned and faded into dimness more dif fuse; and light grew" soft, and vague and vaporous. The gleam of water, and the gloss of grass, and deep relief of trees, be>¡an to lose their several j phase and mingle into one large twilight blend. And cattle, from their milking sheds, came lowing for more pasture ; and the bark of a shepherd's dog rang quick, as if his sheep were drowsy. In the midst of innocent sights and sounds, that murderer's heart misgave him. He left his vain quest off, and gazed; with fear and hate of nature's beauty, at the change from day to night which had not waited on him. Some touch of his childhood moved him perhaps, some thought of times when he played " I spy," or listened to twilight ghost stories ; at any rate, as he rose and faced the even ing, he sighed heavily. . Then he strode away; and although he passed me almost within length of his rod, there was little fear of his discovering me, because his mind was elsewhere. It will, perhaps, be confessed by all who are not as brave as lions, that so far I had acquitted my self pretty well in this trying matter. Horribly scared as I was at first, I had not allowed this to ! conquer me, but had even rushed into new jeo pardy. But now the best part of my courage was j spent ; and when the tall stranger refixed his rod and calmly recrossed those ominous planks, I durst I n t set forth on the perilous errand of spying out his ways and tracking him. A glance was enough to show the impossibility in those long meadows of following without being seen in this stage of the twilight. Moreover, my nerves had been tried too long, and presence of mind could not lost for ever; All I could do, therefore, was to creep as far as the trimk of the hawthorn tree, and thence observe that my enemy did not return by the way he had come, but hastened down the dusky valley. One part of his labours had not been described^ though doubtless a highly needful one. To erase the traces of his work, or at least obscure them to a careless eye : when he had turned as much ground as he thought it worth his while to meddle with¿ he trod it back again to its level, as nearly as might be, and then (with a can out of- his fishing-basket) sluiced the place well with the water of the stream; This made it look to any heedless person who would n t descend to examine it, as if there had been nothing more; than a little reflux from the river, caused by a'flush from the mill-pond. This little stratagem increased my fear of a cunning and active villain.- j 