O'CRESSY HUNT. . Br A VISITOR.] Seeing by advertisement that the Nor- t thern hounds were to moet at Oressy on I Thursday, I thought I would run over and t have a look'at their doings; "so taking a r bee line across the country, I arrived at c the township some time before that ap- c pointed for the start. Although the, day was not very pro- r mrsing, ,a large number of people had as* sembled, ` and we kept increasing our numbers till we reached Mr Bartlott's, c who hiod kinidly placed his paddocks at our disposal to start the door in. The door was lot ouit about half-past 12 o'clock, in the presence of about 170 i people, of whome from 60 to 601 were mounted. A large number of, .vehicles I lining the road, together n with foot pas- 1 songure, made up the largest attendance 1 1 have seon this season. , The deer Ians not the best specimcn of his race that I have seen, and at first did not seem inclined toleave the paddock, but b by litut of persuasion lie gently cronnod a lane and the five couples of hounes were laid oni. After it slight delay they got on the ecsct and dashed along at a good pace across thelane, followed by the field. The deer on reachingthe next fielddidnot seem inclined to leave it, and it was not till the hounds got up to, hini that lie could be persuaded to clear the fence, a four railer, wvhich. wais taken by thIe field in good style, none coming to grief, though one ebt out the top rail. The door then cleared a- stif deadwood, which was negotiated without accident, although a couple baulked and one gent on a bay hit it very hard. The houinds now got up very close to the deer, which seemed comn pletely done, but managed to get over the, next fence, when the hounds ran into him, but where soon whipped off. The I deer was now allowed a few miinutes; law, but he improved his leisure by chasing some' caittle roiind the field, and a fight took place between him and a resolute cow, which terminated in a victory for the former. Having thus renovated himself he started back across the deadwood and round a corner, came into the pad dock again over a post and rail fence; he then raen up and down for a short time, when he took on to thei road over a fence and, ditch, at which two of the field kissed mother earth and a few rails were broken. At the opposite side of the road hoe was confronted by an old man who had been in ambush, placed there, so he said, by the owner of the ground to shoot the stag should it cross his grass paddocks. It was not, I think, a good plan to place a poor old man to dii the work who would have been unable to take the consequences. However, the doer intimidated I suppose, made down the road to the first hotel, but on reaching the now Temperance Hall bettir resolu tions prevailed, and he gave up the spirit (ghost I mean), and we had to wiip off the iounds, as it was evident he could go no further, and rain was falling heavily. At this juncture a horse bolted and enmo nip the road at a great pace, but fortu nately got through without doing any damage. Amongst those present I noticed the hunteman on Duchess, the whip on Dicko, Mr 0. Field on a bay, Mr W. Field a black, Mir J. Ralston on a grey importation, Mr Falkiner on Lotliair, Mr T. Gatenby on Commodore, Mr W. Gatonby on Guy, Mr F. O'Connor on Rocket, Mr A. Parker on a chestnut, Mr E. Parker on James, Mr Cox oni Rambler, Mr Armstroing on Victor, Mr Story on a chestnut, Mr IV. Ralston on a brown, Mr Grneber on a chestnut, Messrs 0. and J. Field on bays, and numerous others that I cannot now recollect the nnmes of. Ten of the field sported scarlet and gave the field a gay appearance. ' I hope to see as good an attendance at the next meet. 