The Mmilmxû Mercery. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1878 ¡THE SECOND ß* «-»ENG Or THE LAND HILL THE Land Bill is now fairly before the country. We give elsewhere the second reading speech of the Minister in charge of the bill, and the speech of the leader of the Opposition. Mr. Farnell's speech is clear and explanatory. There are portions of the bill which we can unhesitatingly commend. It is wise to take advantage of the experience gained under the working of the present law, to make modifications,' to render several sec- tions of the law less ambiguous than they are admitted to be, and to remodel others in ac- cordance with decisions of the Supreme Court. The changos thus indicated are need- ful changes in the law, and the bill is accept- able to the extent that it embodies them. As a whole, however, the .measure is rather a ne- cessary evil than a positive good. We must take it because we can hope for no other. As the Premier showed, the principles of the bill are identical with the principles of the law. Mr. Farnell once condemned the principles of the law, and his adoption of them is either an instance of political conver- sion, or an admisbion that no alteration of those principles could now be effected. Bad as they are, evil and perverted as their opera- tion has been, they must be perpetuated, beoause they have taken such deep root in the country. We are helpless in the embrace of f the Robertson Frankenstein monster. But you cannot hope to erect, on a rotten founda- tion, a sound edifice. The law, the bill, the Premier's speech, each pursued and pursue a phantom. The ghost which has evaded the law, and will evade the legislation which continues it, is settlement of population on the land. Sir John Robertson cried in 1860 " The squatter must not have the land when the people want it " Now, he says in effect -" Tho squatter must not have the land if the people want to take it up, hold it for the legal term, and sell back again to the squat- ter." Sir John's mental attitude to'the Acts of 1861 has become peculiar. They are per- fect in his eyes, and therefore, whatever has taken place under them was what ought to have taken place. Mr. Farnell honestly desires to secure a settlement of population. If the bill should pass, and should fail in this respect, he will not be faithless to his ideal, like the leader of the Opposition. But wo venture to think that past experience of at-1 tempts by artificial means to tie a population to the soil is not encouraging. The tie in the bill is more artificial than the tie in the law. For one thing, the fault alike in the law and in the bill is that though variations of climate, Boil, available markets, exist, the law applies and the bill will apply to the whole colony. The indiscriminatiug character of the law is itB principal defect. Mr. Farnell sees that under the law, population has not been settled on the soil in proportion to the area sold. He says this result is largely due to dummyism. No doubt, but there was a reason for dummyism. Natural and economical law were arrayed against parliamentary law, and parliamentary law went to the wall. Varied conditions rendered the pastoral industry the principal industry of this country-that pur- suit with which nature most readily worked, and which offered the cheeriest promise of pecuniary profit. Under the operation of "those conditions, the law, which gave Binall aid to the pastoral industry, has been forced into the service of the pastoral indus- try. Not beneficially, in th*o long run, either to the colony or to the pastoral lessees, whom the fear of what might happen-under the law nos urged to invest idle money in profitless acres. As we took occasion to show in our last issue, the interest on money spent by pastoral lessees in securing land, added to the rent due to the State, makes up a ruinous rental. The point, however, that we desire "io* press forward is this : that in the past ithpse. who carry on the staple industry of this ?country,1 an industry favoured by all the con- ditions, were goaded by the land law to dummy land, to buy land at auction, to buy land by virtue of improvements, to secure a title in , fee simple, instead of a holding enjoyed at the morey of selectors. What hope of better . ihingB does the bill afford? Wei examine it, and say, none. The pastoral industry will be handicapped. The tenure of the squatting holdings will be more uncertain than now ; the rent per acre will be higher ; privileges hitherto legally en- joyed will bo shortened ; the auction price of land will be kept up ; free selection will bo better equipped than ever as a toe. For the free selector will be able to absorb larger areas, will pay less per acre, will bo obliged to spend but ten shillings per acre in improvements. What is the lesson of the past ? What is the con- clusion which that lesson warrants? The pastoral tenant, finding the law against him, burrowed under it, perverted it to his own ends, ne has the greater reason, if the bill pass, to take the same course. All the in- centives to dummyism which exist in the law are intensified in the bill. There will be dummyism, or its practical equivalent-absorption of the land by large holders-in the future as in the past, because the Premier has been too faithful to the prin- ciples of a bad law. No doubt profitable bona fide selection and occupation have taken place under the Acts of 1861. No doubt, where circumstances favor, the like will take place under the bill. But we have to thank the law for the existence- of a hamer to popular settlement more effective than any other-the obstacle of a title in fee-simple. A lengthened lease would terminate, and tien it would have been possible to resume land for settlement, which the progress of the country in railway-making and the like might have made it worth while to Bettie upon. Instead of that-we have a railway opened to Tamworth, and people ask, seeing the quality of the land in Liverpool Plains-Where is the population? There is comparatively little population, but nearly one-eighth of the whole area under lease has been purchased by the leaseholders. It is impossible to approve the position taken by the Premier relative to the future price of land sold to conditional purchasers. There is not, we believe, any ground for re- duction. But certainly lowering the price to selectors cannot be defended, while the auction price is maintained at 20s. an acre. No doubt, if the permanent occupation of the soil could be assured, the price per acre is of secondary moment. But permanent settle- ment is visionary, a fond imagination, under the provisions of the bill, and ingenuity will be sot to work " by the difference between the auction price and the selection price, to see how the law may be set" at nought. And a reduction in the price of Crown land can embody no small, no minor principle. The proposal is one of the utmost importance. In fact, it constitutes the chief novelty of the bill. The land ques- tion ought no longer to be a party question. But we must maintain a hold upon the Government in connexion with a provision to give up revenue. The proposed reduction in the price of land is either just and wise, or it is not. Such a reduction ought clearly to be made upon ministerial responsibility. Of course it is a matter of opinion, but it is too serious a matter to be submitted to the House as Mr. Farnell purposes. It is a matter of grave public policy. And it must be clear that the proposed concession to future selectors will involve a concession to past selectora. If we sell land te future buyers at a lessened price, past buyers will demand some allowance. And not altogether unjustly : there can bo no fine line drawn between the time when land was fully worth 20s. an acre, and when it ceased to be worth 20s. an acre to a selector. Mr. Farnell himself says that the selector of 1878 cannot get land as good or as favorably situated as the selector of 1865 could. Are we to suppose that the selectors of the intervening thirteen years are satisfied with their less valuable bargains ? They will expect, and reasonably expect, some relief, and the more recent of them will have the iest right to relief, if the reduction should be conceded lo future selectors. The pro- posed reduction is unnecessary and dangerous and the manner of its proposed submission to the Assembly is constitutionally wrong. 