THE CONSECRATION. For the past eighteen months services have been held in the fine Cathedral Church of St. Peter, which the Anglican Communion in this colony have partially built at North Adelaide, but the building has never been consecrated. This imposing ceremony was performed on New Year's Day, the Feast of the Circumcision. We have on several occasions referred to the work: already completed at the Cathedral, and so it will only be necessary to recapitulate? one or two of the leading facts. The edifice was planned by the well-known archi tect, Mr. Wm. Butterfield, but the original design has been considerably modified by Mr. E. J. Woods, of this city. The part now erected comprises the chancel, lantern-tower, transepts, and the first bay of the nave, and these have cost over £18,000. The furniture, such as altar table and appointments, lectern, gas standards, alms-bowl, &c.;, with several beautiful stained glass windows, have been contributed as voluntary offerings. A fine organ has been placed in the north transept, at an expense of about £1,400, principally collected by Churchwomen of the diocese. The children of the various Sunday-schools have also done their part by subscribing for the font, which is to be procured from England. What still remains to be built consists of the remain ing bays of the nave, the arch, a lofty tower on each side of the main entrance, and a plat form and steps. This will require a sum of about £12,000. But in what has been erected the Anglican Communion have a noble mother. Church, and the venerable Bishop of the diocese may fairly be congratulated upon the achievement of plans laid in train by him, as he himself has said, soon after his assuming the episcopate, more than 30 years ago. By the time appointed for the service of consecration on Tuesday the large building was filled to over flowing by a congregation which must have numbered 800 persons. The interior of the cathedral, aided by such an assemblage, pre sented a striking appearance. The altar had been appropriately decorated with white flowers; and a background of crimson cloth, bound with deep maroon velvet and extend ing for a considerable height up the eastern wall served for a temporary reredos, and gave a warmth of colouring to the chancel. Filling the northern transept, and with the richly-ornamented front in view, is the organ. From immediately outside the altar rails to the southern door of the edifice seats had been placed, and all of these were occupied. At 10 o'clock the proceedings began. The Bishops, their Lordships of Adelaide, Melbourne, and Ballarat, robed in the Bishop's vestry within the Cathedral, the Dean and Chapter used their own vestry, the clergy were provided with a temporary robing-room outside the western door, and the choir were accommodated in the ordinary vestry. A procession comprising a choir of thirty men and boys in surplices and cassocks and the following Diocesan clergy was formed on the west side of the Cathedral:—The Revs. A. Dendy, D.D. (Bishop's Vicar), F. S. Poole, M.A., J. Pollitt, R. Reid, W. B. Andrews, F. Williams, MA., W. H. Sharp, M.A., J. C. Haynes, Pro fessor Read, M.A., T. Field, M.A., S. Green, C. W. Morse, B.A., H. M. Pollitt, F. Hocter, M.A., E. T. Howell, M.A., A. Sells, M.A., C. W. Hawkins, E. Jenkins, E. H. Miller, J. Houghton, A. Honner, H. Williams, J. M. Donaldson, F. W. Marshall, J. Bach, H. Howitt, and W. H. Mudie (priests), and Fred. T. Whitington and W. J. Bussell (deacons). They proceeded to the main entrance, through which they passed into the building, singing the processional hymn "Brightly gleams our banner," 390 of the A. and M. Hymnal. The choir took their places in the organ transept, the clergy advancing to the seats set apart for them or the lower gradual of the sanctuary. The Dean (the Very Rev. A. Russell), and the Archdeacon (the Ven. C. Marryat M.A.,), of Adelaide had already taken their positions within the altar rails, and on the Epistle side of the altar the other capitular clergy, the Ven. G. Dove, M.A., Archdeacon of Flinders, the Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., and the Rev. Canon Coombs also occupied seats assigned to them. The whole body of clergy and choir having taken their places, the Bishops advanced from their vestry, the pastoral staff of His Lordship of Adelaide being carried by the Rev. W. J. Bussell, the youngest deacon in the diocese. The episcopal chairs were placed on the Gospel side of the altar table. At the conclusion of the hymn the Bishop of Adelaide advanced to the centre of the upper gradual of the Sanctuary, the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat standing on his right and left hand respectively, and read the first verse of the 24th Psalm, the clergy and choir chanting the remaining verses. The Registrar of the Diocese (Mr. H. S. Anthony) and the Bishop's Vicar (Rev. A. Dendy, D.D.) then advanced, and the Registrar presented to the Bishop of Adelaide, seated in his episcopal chair, the legal documents connected with the Cathedral, saying:—"My Lord Bishop— These are the conveyance and deeds of trusts of this building." The Bishop then proceeded to the altar-table, and, kneeling down, laid the deeds upon it. Then, turning to the congrega tion, His Lordship began the office of consecra tion, compiled from the ecclesiastical law books as follows:—"Dearly beloved in the Lord: forasmuch as devout and holy men, as well under the law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Holy Spirit or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of the natural decency of things, have erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane and common uses, in order to fill men's minds with greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and affect their hearts with more devotion and humility in his service; which pious works have been approved of and .graciously accepted by our Heavenly Father: Let us not doubt but that He will also favour ably approve our godly purpose of setting apart in solemn manner this place for the several offices of religious worship, and let us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertaking, and say:"—then, all having knelt down, the Bishop offered the following prayer: —"O Eternal God, mighty in power, and of majesty incomprehensible, Whom the Heaven of Heavens cannot contain, much less the walls of temples made with hands, and Who yet hast been graciously pleased to pro mise Thy especial presence in whatever place even two or three of Thy faithful servants shall assemble in Thy Name to offer up their praises and supplications unto Thee; vouchsafe, O Lord, to be present with us who are here gathered together, with all humility and readi ness of heart, to consecrate this place to the honour of Thy great Name, separating it from henceforth from all unhallowed, ordinary, and common uses, and dedicating it to Thy service for reading Thy Holy Word, for celebrating Thy holy sacraments, for offering to Thy Glorious Majesty the sacrifice of prayer and thanks giving, for blessing Thy people in Thy name, and for the performance of all other holy ordi nances. Accept, O Lord, this service at our hands, and bless it with such success as may tend most to Thy glory and the furtherance of our happiness, both temporal and spiritual, through Jesus Christ, our blessed Lord and Saviour. Amen." Next followed separate prayers for the blessing of God upon the administration of the Sacra ments, the reading and preaching of the Holy Word, and the offering up of praise and prayer in the Cathedral. Then the Bishop having received the sentence of consecration from the Registrar; handed it to the Dean, who read as follows:— "In the name of God, Amen: "Whereas by the voluntary gifts and offerings of divers members of the Church of England and others, as well as of the Society for Promoting Christian Know ledge, this building has been erected as part of the Cathedral Church of the Diocese of Adelaide, and furnished for divine service: Now we Augustus, by divine permission Bishop of Adelaide, do by our ordinary and by epis copal authority consecrate it to the worship of Almighty God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, to he celebrated according to the doctrine", formularies, rites, and ceremonies of the Church of England in Australia and Tas mania; and we do hereby dedicate it as the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, in the City of Adelaide, separating it from all profane and common uses. Signed and published in the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, Adelaide, this 1st day of January, in the year A.D. 1878, and in the 31st of our consecration.—A. Adelaide. Entered.—H. S. Anthony, Registrar Diocese of Adelaide." The Bishop, taking the parchment from the Dean, returned it to the Registrar, saying, "Let this he preserved among the documents of the diocese," to which the Registrar replied, "It shall be done, my Lord." Hymn 215, "The Church is one foundation," was next sung, after which the Bishop's Vicar began to intone the usual office for matins. Special Psalms 84,122, and 132 were given to one double and two single chants from the Westminster Psalter, and Tallis's Festival Responses were used. The First Lesson, I. Kings, viii. 22-62, was read by Arch deacon Dove, and the Second Lesson, Hebrews x. 19-25, by Canon Farr. In addition to the proper collects, a special one, having reference to the ceremony, was added. After the third collect the anthem "I will give thanks" (Barnby) was finely rendered by the choir. It may safely be said that such an interpretation of the more elaborate Anglican music has never before been heard in the colony. Berthold Tours Te Deum in F was also a grand hymn of praise. Con sidering the comparatively short time that it has been in training, the Cathedral choir re flects the greatest credit upon the organist and master. The splendid new organ, which is a decided success, doubtless added considerably to the effect of the choir's performances. The office for holy communion, full choral, was next begun by the Bishop of Adelaide. In place of the Collect for the Queen a special dedication one was substituted. The Epistle, Ephes. ii. 13, was read by the Archdeacon of Adelaide, and the Gospel, St John, ii. 13-18, by Canon Coombs. The Nicene Creed was followed by the New Year's Hymn, 74— "Father let me dedicate All this year to Thee." The sermon was preached by the Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, from the text Isaiah vi. 3. "And one cried unto another and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the Lord of Hosts: the whole earth is full of Thy glory." His Lordship, by his powerful oratory and the ability displayed in dealing with his subject, created a profound impression upon the immense con gregation. His Lordship said—There is good reason for believing that the 6th chapter of Isaiah contains the history of the prophet's call to his office; and is thus, if not the first pub lished, at any rate the first revealed of his in spired visions. In the year that King Uzziah died, while yet the aged monarch lay in a lazar- house awaiting in shame the day of his rapidly approaching death, Isaiah (according to Jewish tradition), his youthful cousin, became suddenly "in the spirit." Pondering perhaps the peace- ful prosperous past, the doubtful darkling future, it pleased God to show him a remark able vision. So far as we can gather (judging from certain independent features of the symbolism) the scene of it was not the earthly, but the heavenly temple. We find ourselves transported to some mighty star- doomed hall, in the midst of which is a throne, "high and lifted up." Upon this is seated the Lord God of Israel, clad in a glorious robe; the skirts or train of it spread abroad so amply that, as far as the prophet can see, they cover the floor of the Temple. The only other occupants of this vast celestial palace are the floating forms of the seraphim. Each of these heavenly beings, upborne on two mighty ex tended pinions, hovered continually in mid-air, around the throne, and above the outspread robe of God. Two other wings he folded over his face, and with two more he hid his feet from the glory of God's mantle. These composite forms of the hovering seraphim form a feature of this sacred symbolism as mysterious at first sight as it is important. Light we shall find will be thrown on its meaning by certain explanatory additions to it which are fur nished in the 4th chapter of the Book of the Revelation, where indeed it is substantially repeated. There, as in the text, we have pre sented the emerald-circled throne and the six winged seraphim, the august Divine Presence, and the resounding antiphonal Ter-sanctus with which that Presence is adored. There, however, we find besides what is absent in the earlier vision —the four-and-twenty elders enthroned as repre sentatives of the Church around the throne o the victorious Lamb. I have said that this addition to the symbolism is to be regarded as explanatory, and I believe that a careful consi deration will show it to be so; for, first, we have here, it will be seen, symbolical representatives of all who are actually sharers of the new life of Christ—the Lord Jesus, its source and centre; and His redeemed Church, its subjects and participators. No other can actually partake of this life besides these two, for only these two have any part in that mystical body within which it dwells. What room, then,is there, it may be asked, for additional symbolism? Of whom or of what can the forms of the seraphim be significant? Let your thoughts rest devoutly for a moment on the form and position of these figures, and I think you will not find it difficult to decide. In form the seraphim, or "living ones," are composite—they are made up, that is to say, of parts and organs taken from various created objects, and as such are obviously better adapted for representing ideas than personalities. They have the strength of the lion, the patience of the ox, the swiftness of the eagle, and the spirituality of the man. Yea, they axe through out inspirited, "full of eyes without and within," of the pervading incessant alertness of divine insight. Their name is "the living ones," those who are "pure essential life." And to this character their position corresponds not less than their appearance. At first this position seems extremely puzzling, for they are said to be both in the midst of the throne and round about the throne, both in the position of the Lord and of the Church. What, then, is it, let us ask, which is common to the Lord and to the Church? What is it which, while it sits on the throne with Him, at the same time surrounds the throne in the persons of His adoring people? Can there be a moment's doubt? What can it be but that redemptive life which, centred in Him, is communicated to them, through preaching, through sacrament, through prayer? Can we not see, then, why the cherubim are called "the living ones;" and why in form they are such as to represent the excellent qualities of the life divine? It is because they are ideal forms; because they represent the divine life in idea, unembodied and unrealized, even as the Lamb and the elders represent its realization and personification in the Lord and his mem bers. But what is the use, you may ask, of such a symbolism? What difficulty does it make clearer to us? or what important idea does it enable us more clearly to express? Let me endeavour to show you. Suppose that we de sired to represent in a vivid and striking form the character of that divine life which we derive from our blessed Redeemer, how could this best be done? We would not reverently attribute its characteristic form or assign its distinctive utterance to the Redeemer Himself, seeing that He is more and greater than the life He won for us. Neither could we appro priately represent the essential qualities of this life in the words or person of a saint or elder, seeing that the very best and greatest of these is worse and less than the life which was given to Him. If, then, for any reason it be desirable to represent the essential character of the life of Christ it is clear that a separate and imper sonal symbolism must be employed for the purpose. But is this ever desirable? Certainly on such an occasion as this. When we are assem bled to set apart this noble building to the perpetual worship of Almighty God, it is well before joining in those sacred forms, those spirit stirring songs with which we are so familiar, to ask ourselves what they mean, and whether they be the fittest forms in which we could utter our praises and aspirations to God. Sub stantially, then, our question amounts to this— what is the highest ideal of Christian worship, and what is the worthiest form of its expression? Christian worship, I answer, is the voice of the Christian life uttering its deepest and holiest feelings before the throne of God. What, then, is the highest form of that utterance? We shall learn its highest form if only we can hear (what seems at first sight an impossibility) the voice of that life in that situation untroubled by a single taint of the personal imperfection of its partakers. But now Isaiah and St. John enable us to hear this, for the voice of the seraphim, of "the living ones," is the pure incessant outbreathing or the life of Christ, as it rises to the ear of the Father undiminished, in volume by the limitations of ignorance, and untroubled in har mony by the discords of earthliness and sin. And what then is the utterance of this life?— the full outbreathing of this life essential, as it swells forth eternally from the earth, and the heavens, and the throne of God? Listen, my brethren; listen to the wondrous sounds which broke on the ear of the rapt prophet at Patmos, at Jerusalem—"Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which is, and which was, and which is to come: the whole earth is full of His glory." Higher than that—the voice of worship is unable to rise; it is the very floodtide of adoration and praise. "When our worship approaches the rapture, the intentness, the holy unconsciousness of that, it approaches to the perfect adoration of heaven. And as a matter of fact when the life of her ascended Redeemer first filled the heart of the expectant Church with unmeasured Pentecostal abundance, it burst forth through the weak barriers of the flesh like a mighty river, pouring itself through all the channels of human expression in one vast flood tide of praise. It struck thus the heavenly keynote of public worship for the Church of God; and ever since those days, century after century, the Church has felt herself the earthly organ of that Pentecostal spirit—standing in the midst of the earth as the visible body of Christ; bound, yea impelled by the Holy Spirit within her, to celebrate in the midst of a mocking, blaspheming world the majesty of her Redeemer—God; taking good heed that in the great confluence of those tides of praise which swell upwards to God's throne from every province of creation, the tribute of earth, of earth the favoured and redeemed, shall not be utterly unworthy of the love it celebrates; so that if heaven sings to earth," "Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wis dom, and strength, and glory, and blessing," the Church shall be found ready to catch np and re- echo the cry, "Blessing, and honour, and glory, and power be unto Him that sitteth on the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever"—yea, so that the earthly elders (when they hear the Ter- sanctus of the living ones) shall cry with their heavenly brethren—"casting down their golden crowns upon the glassy sea"—"Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power; for Thou hast created all things, and for Thy pleasure they are and were created." This is the true note of the Church's voice on earth—the note of thanksgiving, adoration, and praise. "Uttering this voice she worships God; restraining this voice (no matter how much she prays and teaches) she leaves her highest func tion unattempted. How far, then, let us ask, has our own Church provided us with the means of such worship as this? How far can this exalted function be discharged by the members of God's Church in this Diocese, when in this their Cathedral Church they take into their lips the words of their ancient liturgy? First of all observe that they are provided with common forms—and when we remember that the bulk of our worship should he praise, surely the neces sity of snch forms becomes at once apparent. One man may pray for others, and we may regard their answering Amen as in some sort an agreeing together in what is asked; hut for many to praise together without common forms is simply impossible. "What, then, has happened where common forms have been abandoned? That public worship has sunk down into public prayer and preaching, and that but for the few hymns that are sung the Church's highest function is in such communi ties unattempted. How is it, then, in the services of the beloved Church of our fathers? Observe first the history and genesis of our forms. They have been gathered from the choicest prayers and praises of every country and age; from the devotions of the old Covenant and of the new; from the liturgies of Jew and Gentile, of Greek and Roman, of the West and of the East; of the jubilant Church of the Constantines, and of the persecuted Church of the Catacombs. When ever and wherever these broke from the depths of any regenerate heart, in a moment of unwonted inspiration, some lowlier acknowledg ment of sin, some loftier ascription of praise, it was caught at once by the wakeful ear of the Church; it was treasured in her memory, it was enshrined in her liturgies, and so passed on to the ages following as their most precious devo tional legacy, inspirited with the richest feeling, and fragrant with the sweetest praises of the vene rable past. It was out of so glorious a store house that our saintly forefathers of the Refor mation culled for us the. choicest treasures— jewels without blemish and gold without alloy. Catching their sweetest tones from a thousand voices of the saintly past they blent them for us into a matchless harmony of prayer and praise —a service so rich and full, a liturgy so pure and heavenly, that it has extorted the warmest admiration from those even who have wilfully deprived themselves of its comfort. But now to answer more particularly our principal question—What means are provided us in our liturgy for discharging that principal function of public worship—the praise and adoration of our Heavenly Father for His infinite love in our redemption? Let us gather our answer to this question from that portion of our Liturgy which, being most commonly used, is best and most generally known—our Daily Services. Observe how closely in these our Church has followed the heavenly ideal of worship; how largely her public offering and testimony consists of the sacrifice of praise. We are not pure like the angels, and so we gird and prepare ourselves for this sacred enter prise by public confession and prayer. But no sooner have we heard the comforting declaration of God's pardon to the penitent than we break at once into the loud challenge and response "Praise ye the Lord"—"the Lord's name be praised." First, then, with the Venite exultemus —"O come let us sing unto the Lord," and then with the heart-thrilling hymnody of the sweet Psalmist of Israel we lift up the voice of our praise to Him that redeemed us. Is there, then, a pause in the torrent of our song? It is only that we may find for it fresh occasion in listening to the record of God's redeeming love from the Old Testament and the New; it is only that having heard our praise may burst forth afresh to the Divine Invincible Con queror in such strains as these—"We praise Thee, O, God; we acknowledge Thee to be the Lord. All the earth doth worship Thee. To Thee all angels cry aloud; to Thee Cherubim and Seraphim continually do cry Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God of Sabaoth, heaven and earth are full of the majesty of Thy glory." Here, in this voice of the living ones—symbols of pore redemptive life—the song reaches its climax; here the daily anthem culminates, and from thence it descends again, through psalm, and creed, and versicle, to those prayers and giving of thanks for kings and priests and all men, with which, according to apostolic injunction, we bring our worship to a close. And it has been emphatically worship, not prayer merely for the supply of our own wants—but worship addressed to God for His greatness—worship as it is due from the Church, as it is rendered by the angels, as it swells for ever through the holy courts above. Oh, that you knew the value of your privileges, brethren—that you knew the dignity and felt the blessedness of standing in your lot and offering your spiritual sacrifice as priests and kings unto God. Oh, that you felt the Church to be what it is—the body of Christ, the temple of the Holy Ghost, the earthly presence-chamber of the King of Heaven—its courts covered by His robe, its arches made awful by the floating forms of the seraphim. Yes, my brethren, the Church of Christ even in our days, shorn as it is of its miraculous glory, composed as it is of members such as we, so weak and ignorant, so trembling and unbelieving, is yet nothing less than the earthly organ and dwelling-place of the Holy One. And still in our assemblies for prayer and worship there is the brooding of an Almighty Presence; and still in the pro clamation of the glad tidings of great joy there is the effectual pleading of the Sacred Guide; and still at our feast of love, where we break the bread of salvation in the name of Him that died, there is bestowed amid the kindling and diffusion of the eucharistic love the secret gift of the blessed. And, oh! brethren, if we find our souls to be earthly and torpid, slow to feel and slower to respond to the quickening touch of a present Spirit, let us then, glance upward to that heavenly temple filled everywhere with the flowing skirts of the robe of God—filled and shaken with the thunderous roll of that celestial anthem—"Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of Hosts; the whole earth is filled with His glory." There is the image of our ascended King, the Holy Almighty Lord; and there, not less, the bright picture of our destined future— the whole earth filled with His glory." Gazing on that image and future we lose all our doubt and all our fear. Not for ever shall the Church go on languishing in that darkling death-in life with which our faithlessness has made us too familiar. No; here stands the King, and here swells the promise—"the whole earth shall be full of His glory." Already it comes to us across the dark spaces the first faint flush of that glorious daybreak 'the eyes of them that see shall not be dim" when "the wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them, and the desert shall rejoice and blossom as the rose when over the glad, regenerate earth "the Son of Right eousness shall arise with healing in His wings;" when "every eye shall see the King in His beauty," and ''sorrow and sighing shall flee away." Anticipate that vision, dear brethren. Dwell by faith in the bliss of that future, that bringing with you into God's earthly courts something of the bright gratitude they give, you may swell with a louder voice and a gladder heart the ascending tide of the Church's trium phant praise! The offertory was then made, the Dean reading the sentences, which were afterwards sung by the choir. The alms of the Bishops and the clergy were collected by the Deacons, the Revs. F. T. Whitington and W. J. Bussell. The Bishop's Vicar received the alms-bags in the handsome alms-bowl, and then handed it to the Bishop, who presented the offerings upon the altar. The amount of the offertory was £40 12s. After the Prayer for the Church Militant the bulk of the assembly withdrew. Another special prayer was nest said. The exhortation was read by the Dean, and the General Confes sion was begun by Archdeacon Dove, the Chapter's Vicar. The Bishop of Ade laide pronounced the absolution. The Bishop having partaken and administered to the other Bishops and the capitular clergy, assisted by the Dean, proceeded to distribute the elements upon the Gospel side, the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat taking the Epistle side of the Altar-table. Besides the clergy and choir, 110 of the laity communicated. During the celebration organ voluntaries were played, and the choir sang the Communion Hymn 313— "Draw nigh and take the body of the Lord," the couplets forming the several verses being rendered as the communicants advanced in groups to the altar rails. The post communion prayers having been said by the Bishop, the "Gloria in Excelsis" was admirably sung by the choir. A special prayer for unity was next said. His Lordship then pronounced the Benediction, and the proceedings were brought to a close by Hymn 242, "We love the place, O Lord," being given as the recessional. The entire ceremony was carried out with all its details in complete order and must have been very gratifying to the English Church people of the colony. The ordinary evensong service was intoned at 7.30 p.m. by Dr. Dendy, but no sermon was preached. 