ITEMS OF AUSTRALASIAN NEWS. The., offices of tho Daily Northern Argus at Rockhampton have been sold for £1,000 more than was offered for them two months ago. A pew. days ago a slight shock of earthquako was felt in the Hurunui district of Now Zea land. Tub new gaol at Townsvillo was ' open ' for prisoners to claim the handsome apartments prepared for them. Is thero some special legal virtue in a farthing as distinguished from a halfpenny ? In an action for damages the other day the defendants wero advised to pay a farthing into court m an ample measuro of tho injury in flicted. It took that defendant more than a day to find a farthing, and when, ha did ho had to pay sixpence for it. — Australasian. A -stockman on Sir Thomas Elder's station at Cooper's Creek 'was a short time ago sad dling » skittish colt. The youngster got a chance, and administered a kick on tho skull which would havo brained any ordinary person. Flinthoad went on tightening : the girths, gently swearing to himself, as a prefix to, ' Ah', ;yoii ? -, you'vo' got summut to kick at there.'— Amiralasian. The Warwick' Examiner of Saturday says: — Severe frosts were experienced in many parts of the district ' on Sunday and Monday i nights last. At Freestone Creek, Darkey Flat, Allora, and other places, the young crops were seriously nipped, and in one instance a planting of young grape vines were turned as black, as if th'oy had been burned. '. Tho weather has since been warm and genial, and farming prospects are still most cheering. A man was admitted to the Gympie Ho3pit ' on Friday who was suffering from Boverul severe wounds received from a dog belonging to a selector named Hales, living about nine miles from Gympiei on the Maryborough road. This is tho fifth case which has como to the hospital owing to this particular animal's ferocity. It seems that travellers are in tho habit of calling at Hales' for a drink of water, and generally leave the place with their legs, arms, and clothes ' in ribbons,' and their eyes full of water. — Gympie Times. A most extraordinary scene took place at tho Rev. Mr. Clarke's lecture at Gawler, near Ade laide, on Monday week. While tho gifted elo cutionist was quoting the narrations of Sairey Gamp regarding Mrs. Harris, a man named James Harris interrupted the story, and ob jected to Mr. Clarke referring in that manner to his wife. A great uproar ensued. Several ladies fainted before the excitement subsided, but the leoturer concluded his discourse suc cessfully. The travelling roporter of the Bendigo Adver tiser writes : — ' At the present time there is a mob of 400 Queensland bullocks travelling towards Colao, whose progress, in the interests of many struggling selectors, should be stopped, if it be true, as stated, that they ara affected with plouro. It is said that they had tho disease when thoy crossed the Murray, but the drovers escaped tho border inspectors by keeping the diseased animals in the centro of the mob. On Saturday one bullock was shot at Salisbury.' Mr. Stanley and party left Dalby in a special train and inspected Bection four last Thursday. The D. D. Gazette says that having heard rumours that the works on the Bection were behind hand and being curried on but slowly, tho party wero agreeably surprised to find that the rumours were entiroly without foundation. Fourteen miles of the twenty-four comprised in tho section are being completed, and there is no doubt that Mr. Fountain, the contractor, will havo finished well within' the contract time, and that the lino will probably be opened to Dulacca, one hundred and three mileB from Dalby, at tho latter part of this year. The Melbourno correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser -writes :— I hear that the ghost nui sance is again prevalent in somo of tho su burbs, Prahran being now moro especially oTiimvpfl hv rtnmn firufll and cowardlv idiot. who dressed in a white sheot, finds ' amusa mont' whioh one would scarcely fancy could be congenial _to oven tho lowest and most malignant species of ape, iu frightoning nervous persons and ohildron in secluded spots at night. Only a few days ago, I hear, tho daughter of a respectable resident of Prahran was so frightened by this wretch that she hag since remained completoly prostrated by 4the nervous shock received. An extraordinary escape of a little child is reported from Newcastle. Tho little fellow fell down a well twenty- five feet deop with eight feet of water in it. Tho neighbours at onoe fastened a buoket on to the ohain and lowored it down, and after a while managed to make the poor little fellow, who in only about two years old, understand that he was to get into it. Ho did so, and was hauled up safely. How the ohild escaped so fortunately is explained thus : Ho was playing with soveral other chil dren, near the ??well, the lid of whioh was down, but they managed to lift it, and little Kemp got hold of the ohain for the purpose of ' seeintr how long ho could swing.' ' Of oourso directly he got hold of the ohain the windlass went round, and he descended to the bottom, still, however, retaining his hold of the ohuin. He was apparently but little tho worse for tko accident. The Border Post (Albury) states that the best proof of tho result attendant on the open ing of the Southorn railway to North Wagga Wagga iB furninhed by tho Custom-houso returns. Mr. Swyney, tho sub-collector of Customs at Albury, informs us that there has been a marked falling off, in tho collections at tho Albury Oustom-houso sinoo tho opening of the Wagga railway, owing to ull tho principal traders ut Wagga and adjacent towns procuring their supplies from Sydney. Tho revenue of the Custom-houso for the month will soarcely reach £1,000 ; £800 less than for the corres ponding month in 1877, and £600 below the averago monthly revenue. This iB the reBult of a fortnight, mid what, may wo ask, will be the trade with Victoria when commercial rela tions aro moro firmly established between Riyerina and S.vdnoy ? Already a large quan tity of tho seanou'ii olip is beiug Bent to that city. A long way up tho Darling there is a town ship whioh has a branoh bank, and — of course, a uianugor. The latter is not celebrated for extreme lavishness. An assistant was sent to him, and as he did not keep a very hospitublo collar at Mb residenco, he took tho new arrival to an hotel and asked him to name anything ho wished. Tho visitor named ' bottled beer,' whioh in those pnrts is vended at 4a. per bottle. Shortly after, said tho manager, 'I say old follow, you owe me three shillings.' ' What for ?' asked his officer. ' Oh, you remember the day I asked you to have a drink at the hotel — you ordered thivt costly tipple, bear, and I only intended to spend a shilling.' The sub. paid. It was the same thrifty host who sent in ono day to ask a neighbour for tho loan of his cheese, becauso he ' hud visitors.' — ' iEgles' in the Australasian. ? ? Whbn a man leaves our side. aud goes to the other sido, ho is a traitor, and wo alwayB felt that there wus a subtle something wrong about him. But when a man loaves the other side, and comes over to us^thon ho is a man of great moral courage, aud we always felt thut ho hud sterling stuff in him. 