? IN HEABT OF THE HAKTZ. Feoh Sis' Stchenberg cms canenterthe Selke Talley. which, with- its mountain iroadene gradually till it is lost in the plain. Hie -riUagegjrf t^JfklksthsL are..exoee3- ingly pretty andxnter«itin& HsgdeeproEg,' with its extensive foundries,-; its cliarmuigtitufLtion/and tiiG quserBtooes appertaining to if, withwhichone -can fce entertained TAR&. Iong:£nmmer 3 E-day;- AlexiEbsd, a emallwatering-place.eooland sweet wiihinvigorating taoimtwTi breezes; »nd;&om;,4he beautiful height called Yictorsitobe we havetmrolled before he it full panorama of Tale, steam, mountain, EnS plain, gardens. parks, and castles, Of the Lfttto-, the most imposing is ibst of the PalkenEfcein, as it stands Eurronnded hy fell Srsandoafcs. : From the Stnbesfeszgm eee thaistzange lice of sandstone rock, the Teofelsmauer, or Devil's Wall, eo caHedbecauEe Me Satanic J&jeEty;, jealous ofthe rapid eprenlof Christianity in that region, deterxuined to.set., apart a place for himfielf, "within vrhose lirmts hie reign Ehould be supreme, where no soul should ever hear-a -whisper of Buy other kingdom, tfaan bis owe. Accordingly, he ordered his subjects to. build s will high enough to reach the tiy, and BO strong that no power -of heaven eould prevail against rt. ®veiy mgbt and tilmght these spirits of darKne££ toiled, piling up huge blocks ofstone, but "with the first ray "if morning light they -werechhged:to fleeio their nark- csves;and>aE£oon as the Etjn rose, the ETANEE, bysome invisible-hands war alwejEthrown downBgam. At leEt, mutter, despair of ever -hang able to complete their work, they abandoned.it,- and the reenlt of that momeEtone enterprise ie a broad-range of picturesque rock stretching from .Blfinkenbnrg to BallenEiedt, and Teiy beautiful it is with lis grovrth of mountain shrubs and wila {Son-era. At Blankenbnrg one can sojourn pleasantly for a week, mating charming pedestrian fours in the environs. These tours are moEt interesting in late summery when the heather is in fullest bloom, its countless tiny feel's shedding a rose tmt over the , whole landscape. In waiting to the Begenstein, about two miles north ot the city, one's path is lined with Bowers, and EVERY crumbling mm of the ancient fortress is fringed with blossoms. A curious old place is this Begenstein, or Seihenstem, witii its romantic associations, its memories o£ illustrious heroes- and ite grewEome legends. In 479 i.n-, if we may credit ancient chronicles, a battle was fought on the spot where Wemigerode now stands. The people of Thnnngia, led by their king, Melverich, sought to take possession of thiB region by driving the inhabitants farther north—banishing them, indeed, to the extreme limit of the Hartz. By the mighty prowess ol their champion, Hate- bold however, the Saxons were victorious; the Thnringiane Sed, leaving five thousand of their men upon the field. The Saxons, in gratitude to their hero, agreed to build him a castle in any place •which he might designate within their dominion. When he beheld this mountain precipitously nearly three hundred feet above the plain, he exclaimed to his followers, "Here on ihi* Eegenstem let us erect our Etrongholdl" (In the ancient Saxon dialect Eegen. signified Beihen, meaning row or series.) This, accordingly, they did, and though lew of the walls are gi&nd;)£g> there is & wondrous charm about the old nrin-with xta dart passages hewn in the Eolid rock, ite caeUe keep, and its mysterious cells. The gloomiest of these, the TenfeMoch, is £. round room, measunne in width, aad height only four feet, and. the scene of such frightful torments that we »re only too thankful to escape into the sunshine again. During the Thirty Tears' War this fortress was besieged and taken by Wallen- «tein; it was captured by the French m 175?, and eoou after dismantled by Frederick the Great. On the highest point the watch-tower stands. It is broken away at the top, the stones have fallen in. and of the eacdy ao3 enough locked there to nounsh auch seedsaa are home ttntherbythe wind; and a most peaceful aspect it presents with xte crown of green shrubs, «.nd its grey mossy sides clothed with trailing vines and creepers. BSankenbnrg iteelf iBfull of interest; a quaint old town with irregular streets roughly paved, houses adorned with curious earvmo-e, etone archweys overgrown with ivy, while high above the market-place, far removed from the sound of toil and traffic, the ducal cbdteau rises white ana fair against its dark background of wooded hilie. This is a summer residence of the Duke of Brunswick, and of course many romantic tales cluster around it—what would a castle be worth without them ? It is haunted, alco. at vanous.-timea and seasons, the chief ghost being that of "the white lady of Blankenburg." She seldom sppeais when strangers,are present, and indeed theola castellan informed he that she is more often heard than seen. As she Sits through corridors and halls the rustle cf her robes is distinctly audible, while doors open and close behind her, although at the time they may be double locked and barred She is supposed to be the once famous Countess von Orlamuude, who, for some evil deed committed while in the body, can find no rest in the grave, aud eo returns io wander aimlessly through the old castle. The portrait of the "white lady" has its place in the gallery among those of other ancestors of the house of Brunswick- e l f h r d a a c m The most beautiful of all the pictures in the castle is that of Maria Theresa, who ipent mnch of her early life here, and whose portrait now-adorns the exquisite room which, was once her own boudoir. Her entire Ecite of apartmente ie thrown open to visitors, as well as the ducaliibraiy —a large, handsome Toom containing & few rarepietures and works armory, dining-room, - end .grand, entrance halL ITrom the terrace a fine view of the .surrounding country is obtained, aod a broad avenue leads down to ibe high road. On our way from Blahteaburg to the Brocken we turned aside from the mam road, following a path np a steep hill, called Ziegenkopf, on the summit of which is -a restaurant and garden, where we dined- Onr hoEt greeted ub in euch fluent English that we ventured tor compliment him thereupon, when, with a, shrewd smile, he replied,£ am no German; I am an American, and fonght for the Union daring the •whole civil war!" Where may we not loot for our^soldiers after this? Could any. thing be mdre amazing than to run across s Hhesachusetts soldier -catering to - the capricious appetites of travellers of every nation on a granite peak of the Hartz Mountains? :This hill is a most attractive spot-, Tising nearly fourteen hundred feet above the plain, -with an outlook clear and uninter-i rnpted ; and thorein theBtiil sulDmer.affcernoon, with scarcely , breeze .enough to rustle* the leaves overhead, we gazed dreamily away into the dark -fragrant, woods, into the Talley glowing with snniipht, and at the distant summits'over •which famt 'wreat&s.; of mist- were curling, too light to conceal/only making softer their rugged outlines. -JTrom Ziegenkopf-we proceeded: hy dili-- genee to -Wernigerode^an ' ancient- town lying at the foot : of a softly, rounded eminence crowned by the castle and park of Count & tol berg-TCernigeroae. The, hill is covered- with magnificent woods on the «tie -Eide, ^hile on the other meadoKE. bright with liowers slope gently down to As .<we approact the/Bro^En 'the road becomes wilder and more Tugged, fbp scene changrng with ereiy torn. ; Atpne monipnt •we are urging our horses up a sharp ascent, Ton^wi8i-*Mllnig--*tanes;Tnid'dark---feoni the heavy foliage of intedacing trees; the next, the plain. . T^Tontefr<raiWernigeTod£to the Broeken.fe one of the-jjleasanfcest in the Hirfe. It Kinds-axoimd.ihe eastern hase of -themoimtain, -presenfiiig a. fins view (ti the Holzemme "Ealley, wiHi foresfc- grastes. A gim, we came suddenly upon a ypfirmtain . brookfoaming sn3 plashing jover rocks far above, tofaU jnto±be Etreamjbfilowi: tofin Eaiense -ana beds ol-wild iloH-ers—ttte pale, hlmsh-white blossoms of the wild. let. tuce, harebellE,Alpme xoseg, endicaget-me- - note. Stopping togsther a haudfal of theEe pretty; things, there Bounded through .the still sir the tinkle oi tells and the "yodel" of the herdsman; who eoon appeared driving before him his goate and gentle dun-coloured : \--COBE. • .- ----J- . ' Soon &oek; of geese-c&me; rushing 1 over crest of the hS^ Jollowed hya most picture£c[ae old " GaasefrEii," in a ehortred petiicoat, blue spron and jacket, whitefrilled cap, and wooden ehoce. -She earned a crook, End -HEW down the steep path -orer thfi stoakE and etones and - gnarled roots ee ieatiessly ss her.geese. TheyaS went, whizzing by, together with Each a flapping of wmgE and Ecreeehmg and quacking. as Eight have scared the Teiy witchfig on the Brocken. We stood breathleEs ffli :£he waa mearly : out oi fight, when some one sailed to know how many geese she had in her Sock. Sorning jherhead, she Ehfflitod-back^-" Etmfhun.-: dert," and ihen TamEhed as completeJy. as if the mountain hsd opeiied and EK-allowed e her.- -Host liksly it had. ior we were near to the Brocken, and we never saw her nor a sohtajy goose afterward. . As we now MADE the toOeome aseent'between enotmous granite boulders, the rocES: assumed most gtofcesgne EhapeEj aila we began to feel the infioea.ee of ibis awe-inspiring spot, the abode of hobgoblins and spectres, stirring within GE. We fancied we could see the witches dancing round the " TeufelskeEsei" m which their loathsome supper was preoanng, and glanced assence st the "Devil's Polpit," the "WiScneE' Aitar," and the " Go&lin;'e Drinkmg Cup," as their forms showed dimly through the clouds now nsisg from the valley. The Eun had set aud eight wee faEt closing M arcane zts. Sow we hesid distant thunder, the wind whistled and shrieked, and the air wasiullof strange, shadowy forms. What matter if . they were only ciouds of-vapour rolling up from the oepths beicrc ? Were we ; not justified, in the darkness of that haunted place, iq thinking them witches waving tbeir besoms threateningly, and then -vanishing with a ssnnd of Happing wings f - We could no longer see even so far as our : horses' heads, yet on we urove through mist and rain, trusting blindly to our guiae to land us—somewhere. A suaden ray of light streamed acroES our path, and we found ourselves at the open, door of the inn. This Eight revived our pitits at once, and a hot supper, teiusainntes serves io restore oar felling courage; it muEt be confessed that during the last hour some of our party had sorely ever having set foot in the witches' Under the influence oi s warm bnghtlv lighted room, however, things « diS&ent; asDect. Stones were told, Brocken-mystenes dis-. and midnight settled down upon the as quietij ss over our peaceful hills at home. We were to be called at four o'clock to see the sunrise; and on a clear morning—of which there are two or tbree during the season—the mewfrom this height must he glorious. The first words that greeted me m the morning were these: "Slight o'clock^ I live! What co yon, suppose the witches have done with - the EtmS There isn't any here. Iiook!'- And dialing aside the curtain, there was not only no sun, but no world; everything had •vanished ntterly. We were above the clouds and in tnem and under them; there was no sky, no earth, nor even a sound to remind he ot the world we hadleftonly thenight before; Suddenly from our etove, a ..great ungainly German affair, there issued a noise as of fire; hut no. hnman hand had touched that stove 1 A breath of sulphureous vapour was exhaled through the room, and each moment .the aircrew heavier and hotter. Verily this was unendurable. Summoning the philosopher of the party, we begged him to cxplain this phenomenon, whereupon he calmly stated that the stove was buiit np, according to a fashion of this region, for the double purpose of winning two apartments, and the draughts and puce for kindling happened to be on the other side of the wall. Ignoring the shouts of laughter from the rest of the party, we humbly suggested breakfast, and then a speedy flight from ihiB dmbolicalTegion. Before taking our departure, however, we gropea about among the clouds, hoping for a glimpse of—something, not " the spectre we had hau enough of that. We listened calmly while our host, enumerated the cities and towne and mountain- peaks and rivers and plains and the rest of. the world that. could be seen from, the tower m fair weather, while for us the tower itself was a mere shadow looming up nefor^ourwindowsas tbe mist lifted for en inEtant, ana then.melting away again before W6 had decided whether it was square or round. Tbe only substantial thing worth recording which we found on that mountain was, & gigantic St. Bernard dog. We. discovered his head and shoulders, end then coased him into the hoUEe that we might have a fall view. He proved to he ss handsome as he is brave, this noble '.'iQeo,'- who has rescued from suffering and. death many a traveller lost m the clouds of this jstrenge upper world. . As we drove away from the Brocken a burden seemed lifted from our souls, and. the svieet valley echoed with: our tongfi and laughter. Was there ever a day so full of sunshine and singing ef birds as this that greeted us after onr etracge imprisonment ?; Trees, brooks, fiowerg, everything whispered a welcome. Betracing our steps along the .road we had' traversed yesterday, we turaei Atids at Heenhurg that we might a peep at least; into the valley over, which, according to tradition, fair Princess Use reigns. We tested- under the. shadow of her rock, tbe beautiful HeecEtein, listened to her silvery : voice -where she goes singing and leaping down the mountain, and recalled the story of the wilful child who finally became a "pnncess ofjthe purest water/' and a blBss^. mg beyond price to all who dwelt in the sweet lUeathal. • : A siHGDiaBremedy for hydrophobia isiaed -In certain dutncfcB of - fiuaik, where the dueue is very prevalent. Thie remidy ig the rose iceHe.. "The people search carefally' »n the spring for the larvae of thirmsfecv put them in «artbsrc fara with the earth, ie which they »re found; and when the • metamorphotis takes place: they kill the heetW an4 dry them. The poitder must. be kept hermetically «ealed. ?Some peucnt^nwerve the beetle* in tcaled jara, and seduce to powder only when wanted. It ig 'SBSd .that three bey tie", powderedand tpreadon^ breaH: und buttc-r, is *th« cose lor an jmjnediately »Iter the bite ; one for a.cfaild ; hut five to a person in whom-the cjeeaee has declared ltaelf. The effect is usually to' produce «long -deep, whlch:»ometiiDM laits; thirty-iix^houra, and which must not on any; account be interrupted. -The patienVou: fvaking is pronODno«d-eiired, bpt the bite ie also always treated ourg<cailf. Beefle» caught' on fl.oweri are not »o beneficial; ^-they most be secured in the larr« »t«ge, aud killed ; directly after the change. The Bussuns in several of the governorohips toward the -BOiifch always give their dog« from time to time halfaroEe-beetie onalittlehr«ad a« a preventive. 