CHILDREN'S CORNER THE HEROES; OF, GREEK FAIRY TALES. THESEUS.—PART IV. HOW THESEUS FELL BY HIS PRIDE. BY CHARLES KINGSLEY. BUT that fair Ariadne never came to Athens with her husband. Some say that Theseus left her sleeping on Naxos among the Cyclades; and that Dionusos the wine-king found her, and took her up into the sky, as you ahall see some day in a, {minting of old Titian's, one of the most glorious pictures upon earth. And some ■my that Dionusos drove away. Theseus, and took Ariadne from him by force: but however that may be, in his haste or in hia grief, Theseus forgot to put up the white nil. Now iEgeua his father sat and watched on Sunium day after day, and strained his old eyes across the sea, to see the ship afar. And when he saw the Mack sail, and not the white one, he gave up Theseus for dead, and in his grief he nil into the sea, and died; so it is called the JSgean to this day. •■■' And now Theseus was king of Athens, and he guarded it and ruled it welL For he killed the bull of Marathon, which had killed Androgeos, Minos' son; and he drove back the famous Amazons, tye warlike women of the East, when they came from Asia, and conquered all Hellas and broke into Athens itself. But Theseus stopped them there, and con quered, them, and took Hippolute their queen t o be his wife. Then he went out to fight against the Lapithai, and Peiri thoto* their famous king: bat when the two heroes came face to face they loved each other, aod embraced, and became noble friends; so that the friendship of Thesene add Peirithoos is a proverb even now. And he gathered (so the Athenians an) all the boroughs of the land together, ana knit them into one strong people, while before- they were all 'parted and weak: and many another wise thing he. did, so that his people honored him after bm was dead, for many a hundred yean, as the father of their freedom and their laws. And six hundred yean after hia death,in the famous fight at Marathon, men said that they saw the ghost of Theseus, with his mighty brazen ctab, fighting in the van of battle against the invading Persians, for the country which he loved. And twenty yean after Marathon, his bones (they say) were found in Scarce, an isle beyond the sea; and they were bigger than the bones of mortal man. So the Athenians brought them home in triumph; and all the people came out to welcome them; and they built over them a noble temple, and adorned it with sculptures and paintings: in which we are told all the noble deeds of Theseus, and the Cen taurs, and the Lapithai, and the Amazons; and the ruins of it are standing still. But why did they find his bones in Scores 1 Why did he not die in peace at Athens, and sleep by his father's side 1 Because, after his triumph, he grew proud, and broke the laws of Qod and man. And one thing worst of all he did, which brought him to his grave with sorrow. For he went down (they say beneath the earth) with that bold Peiri thoos his friend, to help him to carry off Persephone, the queen of the world below. Bat Peirithoos was killed miserably, in the dark fire-kingdoms under ground; and Theseus was chained to a rock in everlast ing pain. And there he sat for yean, till Heracles the mighty came down, to bring up the three-headed dog who sits at Pluto's gate. So Heracles loosed him from his chain, and brought him up to the light once more. Bat when he came back his people had forgotten him, and Castor and Polydeuces, the sons of the wondrous Swan, had in vaded his land, and carried off his mother Aithra for a slave, in revenge for a griev ous wrong. So the fair land of Athens was wasted, and another king ruled in it, who drove oat Theseus shamefully, and he fled across the sea to Scuros. And there he lived in sadness, in the house of Lucomedes the king, till Lncomedes killed him by treachery, and there was an end of all his labors. So it is still, my children, and so it will be to the end. In those old Greeks, and in us also, all strength and virtue cornea froifc Qod. But if men grow proud and self-willed, and misuse God's fair gifts, He lets them go their own ways, and fall piti fully, that the glory may be his alone. Qod help us all, and give us wisdom, and courage to do noble deeds! but Qod keep pride from us when we have done them, lest we fall, and come to shame ! [TBEBN&,] 