TALES & SKETCHES A GILDED SIN. CHAPTER II. seventeen years had passed since tho birth of ' Katherine-Brandon, and no other child had ;be«n given to Queen's Chaco. Tho long wished .for heir: had never appeared, and tho hopes of both parents were centred on the beautiful ; young heiress. She was just seventeen, and a more perfectly lovely ideal of an English girl . could not have been found. To look at her waB a pleasure. The tall slender figure with its perfect lines and curves, the face with its glow ; of youthful health, tho subtle grace of move ment, the free easy carriage, the quick graceful step,:wore all as pleasant as they were rare. Like her mothor, she was a blond beauty, but she had more colour, greater vigour. Her hair wasof golden brown-pure gold in tho sunlight, brown in the shade. Her eyes wero of a lovely violet hue; they looked like pansies steeped in dew. Her face hada most exquisite colour, lilies and roses so perfectly blended that it was impossible to tell where one began and the other ended. It was 'an English face-no other land could have pro duced such a one. The mouth was beautiful, the lips were sweet .'and arch, revealing littlo white teeth that shone, liko pearls; a lovely dimpled chin, a white rounded throat, and beautiful handg, completed her list of charms. There was an air of vitality and health about her that was irresistible. She was as English in character as in face. She had none of the characteristics of tho silent, courtly race of Brandons. She was essentially Saxon, trnein thought, word, and deed, sincere, earnest, transparently candid, generous, slightly prejudiced and intolerant, proud with a quick pride that was but "a virtue run to seed"-a most charming lovable character, not perhaps of the most exalted typo. She would never have made a poetess or a tragedy queen ; there was no sad, tragical story in her lovely young face; but she was essentially womanly, quickly inoved to sweetest pity and compassion, keenly sensitive, nobly generous. AH her short sweet life she had been called "Heiress of Queen's Chace." She was woman enough to be more than pleased with her lot in life-she was proud of it. She loved the bright beautiful world, and, above'all, she loved her own share in it. She would rather have been heiresB of Queen's Chace, she declared, than Queen of England. She loved the place, 6he enjoyed the honours . and advantages connected with it. She had inherited just sufficient of her mothers character to make her appreciate the advan tages of her position. The great difference between them was that Lady Brandon loved the wealth,' the pomp, the honours of the world, while Katherine loved its brightness and its pleasures'. <,U Sir Jasper was very much attached to his daughter; his own wife never reminded him of his lost, love, but his daughter did. Something in Her Wright, glad youth, in her sunny laughter, in her bright eyes, reminded him of the beau tiful Venetian girl whom he had loved so madly. In these later years all the love of his life he had. oentred in bis daughter, all the little hap piness that he enjoyed came from her--with her he forgot his life-long pain, and w.ts at peace. . She was heiress of Queen's Chace. He had taken the greatest pride and care in her educa tion. She was accomplished in the full sense of the word. She spoke French, Italian, and Qennan. She sang with a clear, Bweot voice. She danced gracefully, and was no mean artist. Her father had taken care that no pains should be spared in her education, no expense, no labour. The result was she developed into a brilliantly-accomplished girl. He was delighted with her. Katherine Brandon had made her dibut; royal eyes had glanced kindly at the fair, bright yonng face. She had more lovers than she could eount; a beauty, a great heiress, clever, accomplished, with a laugh like clear music, and spirits that never failed, no wonder that some of tho most eligible men in England were at her feet. She only laughed at them at present. It was the time for smiles; tears would come afterwards. If there was ono she liked j a little better than the rest, it was Lord Wyn leigh, the second son of the Earl of Woodwyn, the pooroBt earl in England. Lord Wynleigh was haudeomo and clover. He had had a hard fight with tho world, for he found it difficult to keep up appearances on a small income; but he forgot his poverty and everything elso when ho foil in lovo with charming, tantalising, imperious Katherine Brandon. Would she ever caro for him; at present the difference in her behaviour towards him and her other lovers was that she laughed more at him, affected greater indifference to .hira, but nover looked at him, and she flushed crimson at tho mention of his name. v The 8auio year Sir Jasper was much over tasked with work; ho was so ill as to be com pelled. U consult a physician, who told him that he could not always livo at high pressuro, and that if he wished to savo himsolf he must givo up( work, and rest for a time. In order to do this, the illustrious statesman decided on going to Queen's Chace, the homo that he loved so well. Some ono suggested that he ?w should go abroad. Ho shrunk with horror ; from t\iQ idea. ;So tho wholo family went to Qnoen's Chace. Sir Jasper invited a party of friends for Christ mas.. Until Christmas ho,promised himself. . perfect rest. It was at tho beginning of October that he rcoeived tho letter which so altered tho, course of-his life and that of others.- It was | from Assunta di Cyntha- written on herdoath ;*od. Perhaps her approaching dissolution had shown her that sho had misjudged some things and mistaken others. Sho wrote to tho man whom sho had hated with, such deadly % hate, and the words Bho used , wero more gra cious than any she had over used boforo. Sho .. told him that sho should soon rejoiu her Bister 1 -the youug wifo ho had so deorly loved-and that Bho oould not dio until her child was safe aud well provided for. mon0y of my own," she wrote, I should not trouble you; but I hay© none my income dies with me, and the old. palace that has been my home passes into other hands. 1 have nothing to leave my beautiful Veronica, and you muBfc take her. She is beautiful and gifted, but she is unlike other girls becauso she has led^ a lonely life. She "believes that her father is dead. She knows nothing of her pawntage or of her birth. I have taught her -Heaven pardon me if I have done wrong ! to hato the English. My lessons may bear evil fruit or good-I know not. I understand tho child as no ene olse ever can, and I say to you most decidedly, if ever you wish to win her love or heart, do not shock her at first by telling her that you are her', father; remember she has been taught to hate the English, and to believe that her father is dead. Let her learn to know you and to love you first, then tell her i when you will. I impress this on you, for I; know her well. I will forward by her all papers that aro necessary to prove her birth. Send for Veronica at once. I know that I have not many hours to live." He was sitting in the drawing-room at the Queen's Chaco when that letter was brought to him. His daugher Katherine was at the piano, singing some of the old English ballads that he loved. Lady Brandon lay on the couch, en grossed in a novel. A dear, bright fire was burning in the grate; the warm air >was per fnmed with the odour of flowers. . He raisod his haggard face as he read. Great Heaven; what was he to do ? He had almost forgotten the very existence of the child. She had. faded from his memory. Hiw passion ate love for her beautiful mother was as keen as ever-aa full of life as it had been on the first day he met her; but the child he had disliked; the child had cost her mother her life. Why had Aesunta given her that sweet, sad name of " Veronica?" What was he to do with her when she came ? He looked at his handsome wife, wiih her high-bred face and dignified manner, ho looked at his lovely young daugh ter, and then bowed his head in despair. A thought had pierced his soul. . During all these years he had forgotten the child; she had passed, as it were, out of his life; Aasunta had taken her, and would keep her. She had re fused hift help, she would have nothing from him. She would take no money, nor anything else from him. She had told him that he must wash his hands of tho ohild, and he had done so. If ever he thought about her, he concluded that she would be brought up in entire ignor ance of England and of him, that she would marry some Venetian; but of late he had thought but little of her, and during the past three or four years she had faded from his mind. So the letter was a terrible blow to him. He asked himself what he should do, for it had suddenly occurred to him that Veronica was his eldest-daughter, and that she-not the golden-haired girl with the clear' voice of a bird-was the heiress of Queen's Chace,and the thought pierced his soul like a sharp sword. What should he do ? His first impulse was to tell his story; then second thoughts came-he could, not. Of all people living his wife was perhaps the most unsympathetic; he could not take the treasured love-story from his heart and hold it up to public gaze; he could not have uttered the name of Giulia, nor have told how she died, when the sun was setting, with her head on his breast. It would have been easier for him to tear the living, beating heart from his breast than to do this. He could imagine his wile's cold, proud, handsome eyes dilating in un mitigated wonder; he could hear the cold grave voice saying, " What a romance! Why have you hidden it all these years ?" He could anticipate the sneers, the comments about the great statesman's love-*tory. Ah, if it had but been possible for Mm to die with her. So ho sat there musing, with Assunta's letter in his hand. He found afterwards that he had missed one paragraph, in which she told him that she had prepared Veronica to live for the future with her English guardian. Sir Jasper Brandon suffered keenly. He was an English gentleman, with English notions of right and wrong. Ho hated all injustice, all concealment, all deceit, all fraud, all wrong-doing, all dishonesty; yothe did not, on receipt of Assunia's letter, tell his wife and daughter tho truth. H e said to himself that he would come to no decision, that ho would wait and see what Veronica was like. " You look perplexed and thoughtful, papa," said Katherine Brandon. " Let me help you. Women's wits, they say, are quicker and keener than men's." " It is a libel," he replied, trving to speak lightly. " I may well look perplexed, Katherine-I am dismayed." Lady Brandon closed her book and looked at him., .'Youdismayed?" she cried. "What has happened ? Has Brookes voted with the Opposition, or what ? " II It is nothing of that kind," said the politi cian. "This is a domestic difficulty, about which I shall have to ask your help." At the word " domestio " Lady Brandon opened her book again-matters of that descrip tion never interested her. "The fact is," continued Sir Jasper, "that a friend of mine has died lately in Italy, and has left me a ward." 11A ward!" cried Lady Brandon. "How: intolerable! What a liborty to take 1" " A ward!" cried Kathorine. u How strange,; papa!" . ? ., Sir Jasper turned quickly to his wife. Ho nover spoke unkindly or angrily to her, even whon she anuoyed him. . . " Lo not say * intolerable/ Mario; .wo. must tnako the best of it." v . .. . " But who is.it?" cried her ladyship. ? " Of course,' if it be any ono of .position, that would makoa difference.". ' "Tho young lady-my ward, Veronica di Cynthn-ia descended ^ from one of the first families in;Italy,"-ho said, "and oho has, or will have, a large fortune." = i"^is .'i1"' to° Placed in yo*r hands?" . asked his wife. briefly8' alB° 'S iu my handB»" he replied " But, Jasper," cried her ladyship, " surely yT ar° going to tell .us more? Who u, or rather who was, your friend? Tell me- I want 10 know the whole history." .' * He walked to the end of the lone drawinir briefly- k beforo he replied; then he. said "I have nothing to tell. I met the Di Cyn inaji when I was abroad, and that accounts for tne trust, so far as I can account for it." ?Liady Brandon had studied her husband lone enough to knew that when ho spoke in the tone . now did it was quite useless to persevere m making inquiries. . friTda whom he met in Italy," she said to herself. « 3Ioat probably, as he is ao reticent it was a political friend-indeed, now J. come to think of it, that solves the mystery. ,e 18,.a P011'1081 secret hidden under the mystery." «r^lnSe^eU^ sure of that- LatJy Brandon re SSS5? beraclf t0 circumstances. A political tTZuA t tn°? la'te, weli> eonld never be husband's keeping. ; But What will you do vrith a ward in Italv, papa ( asked ICatherine. a^1HJ1Sperjar?ed,iis careworn face to her wif ! " e as he met tbo saze of the oright sweet eyes the diffiou!ty, Katherine," he re plied; her property will bo in England, and1 she mast come to live with us." Again Lady Brandon looked up-this time ®5S,?Ta.flome iittle contempt on her faee i. T ,}13 lmPp3sible, Sir Jasper,'' she said;; 1 coald not think of receiving a stranger into the vary heart of my home." . , ; ; . He passed for a few minutes' before answer rog her, and then he said gently- v. "?ion have always been so kind to me, Mane, so attentive to my interests, that I am eurei you will never refuse anything that will be of service to me." ° T quicSy.Uld U b0 °f setTice?" Ae asked "Most assuredly it would," he replied. crlSt""}. ? P me ou' of a real difficulty ? ?then, said Lady Brandon, "if it will serve your interests I will do it. I withdraw I my opposition." . sir. JaflPer bent down and kissed the white jewelled hands. | "You have always studied mv interests," he said, 'andI am always gratefnL" k? 3'aat as though I had a aister," Baid Katherine-and the words struck Sir Jasper like a blow. "I wonder what she is w ?T ? ®ark' 1 oppose, as she is Italian ? We shall contrast weU. I need not he jealous if she is a burnette. I will be very kind to \- 1her father or her mother who has just died, papa r" Again he shuddered as the careless words fell on his ear. He made a pretence of not having heard what she said: and Kathemie, with her quick instinct, seeing that the question was not agreeable to torn, did not press it. Both ladies settled the matter in their own minds and ac URhts- Lady Brandon con eluded that the dead friend had probably been one who shared her husband's political secrets - and Katherine thought to herself that it was probably some one whom her father had known in his youth. They were both content, and talked quite amiably about it. Sir Jasper bore it as long as he could; then he quitted the room and went to his sUidy. ^ou see, Katherine," said lady Brandon, if the girl is really noble and wealthy, it will be^an acquisition rather than otherwise." "I am pleased about it, mamma," cried the girl. "I have always felt the want of a Bister; now I shall havo one." "I would not say anything about that, my a eat, until you have seen what she is like," said prudent lady Brandon; "it is always better not to commit oneself in any way." They discussed the matter in all its bearings, -here was complete confidence between this mother and child. Katherine laughed at her mothers very candid worldliness; she teased her about her worship of Mammon. Bnt she was very fond of her; while Lady Brandon worshipped her beautiful child-she thought there was no one like her in the wide world all the love of which she was capable, the love of heart and soul, was centred on and in her darling. Meanwhile Sir Jasper was in a fever of dis may. What should he do ? It was as though the dead ghost of his youth had suddenly risen up before him; he was utterly unnerved. Then it became clear to him that he must send some one to ietch her. Whom could he send? He could not go himself-he was not strong* enough to travel; nor did he care to see again the place where he had suffered so much. He decided that the best person to send would be his agent, John Segrave, a sensible experienced man of the world. He wrote at once to summon Mr. Segrave; and, when he had reached Queen's Chace, he told him exactly the same story that he had told his wife. " I want you to go to Italy," he said, "to bring back with you a young lady, my ward, who is for the future to make her home with .Lady. Brandon,". Tho agent set put, amply provided with funds;. ana then Sir Jasper spent day and night I a state of terrible suspense. "What would ahe be like, this daughter of his lost Giulia? Would ahe torture him with her mothers face -.with her mother's eyes ? If so, he could not bear it-ho should go mad* By night and by day ^he asked himself that question-what would she be like ? -December came with its frost and cold,'its biting wind and snow-bound earth, before that question was answered. It was on the second of December that he received a letter from Mr. Segrave, saying that he hoped to reach the Chaco with his chargo on the following day. Sir Jasper was greatly agitated, although ho beat down hisomotion with an iron hand. Sho was coming-Giulta's little child, who had nestled for ono brief moment in her mother's dying arms-Giulia's little daughter -the babe from whom he had tamed with something like bitter hate in his heart. What would she be like. He asked about herrooms, and Katherine took him to see them-a pretty suite of rooms in the western wing-; they looked very bright in the winter sunlight, with their cheerful fires and choice flowerB. . "She will like these rooms, papa," said Katherine. " See what I have put here- all the Italian views and photographs that I can find. See-here is the ACTIO, here is theRiaUn in Venice." - She stopped suddenly. "Why- did : he pause and turn from her with a sharp sudden cry ? There was the very spot on which ho had stcod when Giulia's fair face first shone upon him!- - -....<.. "It is nothing, child," he Baid, in answer to her anxious inquiries-"less than nothing-a 'sharp, sudden pain that hurts but wilL never kill me." > - - "How do you know that ic will never kill you, papa ?" she asked. 1 " Because, my darling, if it could have shortened my life, it would have done so long ago," he replied. " Now show me all the arrangements you have made for my ward." "Papa*' cried generous beautiful Katherme, Bhe will be very dull, she will be very lonely. Do yon suppose that she is alone in the world -that she has no other friends but us ? If she had but one it would be something." " I cannot tell you, Katherine," he replied. " You must ask her when she comes." > ' He was pleased to see the arrangements his wife and daughter had made for her, yet, as the time for her arrival drew near, he trembled and shuddered like one seized with sudden cold. He had to meet the child he had literally given away .Gialiae daughter. 