Jgriciiltae DAIRYING FALLACIES. . AIB IS OSIAH. Fob some time it wbb thought (and churns to oarty out the principle were introduced) that the pasBage of air into the oream dur ing the process of churning promoted ,the separation ot the batter. Tai« idea is now «xnloded. and the ehnrns are fannd onlv in garrets. I allude to it merely to ebow, in tbe light of what will be hereafter stated, how tar away from any. true oonoeption of the facts the minds of many must have been when «aoh * theory could have bad eurrenoy. WITCHES tX THE OBIAIT, - Not unfreauently the oorrespondenee columns of weekly journals oontain queries, beaded, ?- Why Dan's the Batter Oomef' or something equivalent, .in which the writer details the painful efforts of hoars, and even days, overarelraotory chumfulot oream. Most insxpedenoed persons meet with this trouble; andmoj * few, also, who have nude a good deal of butter, and made it well, when ail oatersl condition! were favourable. The idea expressed by aome that the oream was 'bewitched,' it the last retort, the world ertr, for the Acplana tion of the unooinprebanled natural pheno mena. ItisonlyTn tttdeu white light of science (knowlejge) that the witch becomes totally invislbS «be and the fihost «re ale-sys best seen In tbe dark. sntnaaxim nr esrraa. As lately at seven or eight yean ago it was the universal teaching that tbe proper temperature for eettiog -milk we* 'an- -the vicinity of 60deg. Tnt belt authorities ?greed that; at a higher temperature, the milk would become sou before all the cream would oome to the surface, while at a lower temperature it would never rise at all. When tbe Swedish/method of setting In ioe vator wai first reported, it souli hardly obtain serious notioa, «o contrary was it to rcoeived notions. Now, it baa been abundantly demonstrated that cream ewime to the surface soonest in milk cooled nearly to its point of greatest density, or about 4O3eg. Thia it, in Unit, a great advance— probably the greatest- (ingle step that hat been made in butter-dalrjlng. Yet it was not made by a professor, bnt was blun dered upon in practice. ' IHE 'CTBUBHl' TUBOBY. Some minds have a great fondness for mystifying plain matters. If one should see a quantity of applea going over a water fall, it would never occur to him that, when these tpples reaohed tbe still water below, it would be neoetsanr to ' oreate currents' in tbe pool before the fruit would float to the anrfaoe. The fast that unnlnn ura lirhtnr than water would tie considered a sufficient reason why they should float upon it ; and aa it bd rule alike ol philosophy anlonamon sense that jrtien we have a perfectly Batis factory reason for any ooourrenoe, it is loll} to seek for any other, we should never think of -a 'current' theory. Having ocular evi dence that a eurient submerged the apples, and that they came to tbe aurface where tbe current abated, we should be satisfied. Now, tbe batter globule, thoogb It is too email to be seen by tbe naked eye, is to the milk in which it swims what tbe apples in tbe oaae supposed were to the water. If we keep tbe milk hi a stale of agiiaticn they do not rise ; if the milk is at rest, and jaat in proportion bb that rest is perieot, they swim to the top. The meat rapid separation of cream takes plaoe in that apparatus where the milk is quickest reduced to |the proper temperature and mosl rigidly held tbere. Whenever you hearoneof these 'ourrent' theorists bold ing forth, you will alwayB find that he has a 'new rj'itent-aetting-oan ' in the ante room, which he would like to show you. Semember the alr-churns, and eBohew him. TUB 1H1UU. ODOtJK. That th) best butter is now made from oream ralud in closed, and even in sub merged oms, is what the boys call 'a sticker' to those gentlemen who have long and learctdly held forth npon the per nicious ' tiimal odour' in milk, which re quired tbe noat oareful ventilation to be rid of, and wbiu absolutely ruined the flavonr and keeplni quality of tbe butter when retained, \brloos ingenious waya of getting around the subborn fact are resorted to. It is bard indeed, after having explained how this ' odour1 originates, what Hb chemical formula prolably ia, and how it looks or would look vben isolated, to find it dis appear, all at once, like a- will-o'-the-wisp. No doubt thon are 'stinks' in. milk, bat no doubt, alt), tliBy are got there from filthy bags and teats, filthy bands, foal air, and the like. Fare healthy milk has nothing in It that needs to be removed by ventilation. Ventilate your oow stables, keep your oovs olean, give them good food and pare wate, keep yourself and your eur roundinge eletu while handling the product, from the udder to the batter-tub, and yon will never, bl troubled with the 'animal odour.' AnUher ghost has been laid, another ' wltih' has diaappeared. KiEUINQ DDTTliE. Abundant experiment has shown that the natural flavotr of butter oannot be removod by washing it with pure water. Carefal manipulation, with ;tho oream and every thing else jait right, will make good bntter without washing. Bnt the extra trouble ia wasted. the 'oeiim' ot EtrrTEB. When the batter haa ' come,' and ap pears in little irregular, massua, from a pin'« bead to ? large pea in size, is the time to draw cS the buttermilk and wath tbe battar in tbe eharn. Thia removes most of the buttermilk. Alter being then gathered and removed from the churn, worked, washed and salted on the butter-worker at the proper temperature, we find, upon breaking it, that it has a gtasulat look. The mala seems to be made of i little partioleB with a slightly glistening appearance. Thia ia called the 'gram.' These small particles are par tially kept 'aput by films of water (after salting, this water becomes brine), and the peculiar texture thus imparted to the batter is a test of proper manufacture. Over-ohurn or over-work it, churu or work it at the wrong temperature, and the (train is gone, never to be restored ; and witb it is gone a large per oeuUne of the Belling value of the butter. Enough water (brine) must be re tained to produoe this appearance, which dietinguiBbes .'butter' from 'grease.' Consequently tbo most perfect grain is ob tained by washing in the churn before the butterit ' gathered.' TBE 110ITEH OLODDLE. To those who know nothing of the mioros oopo and its reflations, a world remains hidden of which they oan have little com prehension. To cub naked eye milk appears a smooth, uniform fluid. To tbe eye, aided by the combination of magnifying glasses, ealleda 'microscope' (seer of little things) , it is a trausluoent fluid, in whloh floats a multitude ol shining globes, and these globes are butter in its primitive slate. We do not make butter when we oharn, although we Bay so. When the process of oharning has been eontinned until we can see little particles ot butter in the oieam, we say ' the batter has come,' and tbe next proceeding (after washing) is to 'gather it.' Bat, in reality, churning is a single process. There is no difference between tbe 'ooming' and the 'gathering,' except that the latter is visible, while the former is invisible, to the unaided sight. All that we do when we agitate cream in a oharn is to throw the butter globules strongly against each other.' If the cream is too oold, we may do this for ever, and produoe no butter, for the same reaeon that we oannot work batter into rolls or prints, when it is too oold. The globules are loo bard to etlck together. They merely rattle against one another' in the oharn like pess in a bag. It the cream is too warm, we ean churn them together and then churn them' apart again, because they are in too fluid a stale to bold together against the aotion of the elrarn. So no nutter oomes in either case-there are 'witches ia the cream.' . Tbe true exorc!at,.in snob, trouble, is a thermometer.. 