FOR PERCIYAL." CHAPTER L. TEBOUGH THE NIGHT. The village clock struck five. As the last lingering stroke died upon the air there was the eonnd of a carriage rapidly approaching. Carroll raised his head when it stopped at the gate, and saw Hardwicke spring out and help a lady to alight. She was an old lady, who walked quickly to the house, looking neither to right nor left, and vanished within the doorway. Hardwicke stopped, as if to give some order to the driver, and then hurried after her. Archie stared vaguely, first at them, and then at the man, who turned bis horses and went round to the stables. When they were out of sight, he laid his head down again. The little scene had been a vivid picture, which stamped itself with curious distinctness on his brain, yet failed to convey any meaning whatever. He had not the faintest idea of the agony of love and fear in Mrs. Middleton's heart as she passed htm. To Archie, just then, the whole universe was his agony, and there was no room for more. Ten minutes later came Dr. Grey's broughtm. The doctor, as he jumped out, told his mau to wait. He went from the gate to the house more hurriedly than Mrs. Middleton, and his anxiety was more marked; but he found time to look round as he went, with keen eyes which rested for an instant on tue young sailor, though he lay half-hidden by the bushes. He too vanished, as the others had vanished. About an hour lattr be came out again, and Fothergill followed him. The doctor started when he encountered his eager eyes. Pother* gill demanded his opinion. He began .some of the usual speeches in which men - wrap up the ghastly word ? death," in such disguise that it can hardly be recognised. • Tbe soldier cut him short: " Flease to speak plain English, Dr. Grey." The doctor admitted the very greatest danger. "Danger— yes," said Fothergill; "but is there any hope ? I am not. a fool—I shan't go in and scare .the women—is there,any hope V ; Tbe answer was written .on the -doctor's face. He had known Sissy Lang ton from the time when she came, a tiny child, to BrackenhiU. He shook his bead, and murmured something about " even if there was no other injury—the spine " Fothergill -caught a glimpse of a hideoui possibility, and .answered with an oath. It was not tbe profanity of the words, so much a3 the fury with Which they were oharged, that horrified the good old doctor. ."My dear Sir," he remonstrated gently, " we must remember that this is God's wilL" "God's will—God's will! Are you sure it isn't the devil's?" said FothergilL "It-seems more like it. If yon think it is God's will, you may persuade yourself it's .yours, fox aught t know. Bat I'm not such a damned hypocrite as to mike believe it's mine." And with a mechanical politeness curiously at variance with his face and speech, he lifted bis hat to the doctor, as be turned back to tbe farmhouse. ; ; So Sissy^s doom was spoken. To linger a few hours, more or less, in helpless pain, and then to die. The stub, which had dawned so joyously, was going down as serenely .as' it had dawned; but it did not matter much to Sissy now. She was sensible, she knew Mrs. Middleton. When the old lady stooped over her, she looked up, smiled faintly, and said, " I fell." \- " Yes, my darling, I know," Aunt Harriet said. " Can I go home?" Sissy asked after a pause. . " No, dear, you must sot think of it—you mustn't ask to go home." " I thought not," said Sissy. Mrs. Middleton asked her if she felt much pain. u I don't know," die said, and closed her eyes.| Later Henry Hardwicke sent in a message, and the old lady came o&t; to speak .-to him. He was standing by an open casement in the passage, looking out at the sunset through tbe orchard boughs. "What is it, Harry?" she said. He started, and turned round. " I beg your pardon, Mrs. Middleton, bnt I thonght in case you wanted to send any telegrams—if—if—I mean, I thought yon might want to send some, and there is not very much time." . She put her hand to her head. " I ought to— oughtn't IP" she said. "Who should be sent for?" , "Mr. Hammond?" Hardwicke questioned doubtfully. Something like relief or pleasure lighted her sad eyes. " Yes—yes; send for Godfrey Hammond. He will oome." She was about to leave him, but the young fellow stepped forward. f Mrs. Middleton!" Was it the clear red light [from the window that suddenly flushed his facie ? f Mrs. Middleton, shall I send for Mr, Percival Thome ?" • She stopped, looking strangely at him. Something in his voice surprised her. " For Percival ?" she said. ; " May I ? I think he ought to come." The hot colour was burning on his cheek*. What right had he to betray the secret' which he ^believed he had discovered ? And yet, could he stand by and not apeak for her, men she had so •little time in which to speak for herself ? ; "Is it for his rake?" said Mrs. Middleton, : H or is it that you think ? Well, let it be so. Send for Percival. Yes," die added, " perhaps I have misunderstood. Yes, send at once for Percival.'' " 111 go," said Harry, running down the passage. " The message shall be sent off at once, ril take it-to Fordborough." "Must yon go yourself?" Mrs. Middleton raised her voice a little as he moved away. "No; let me go," said Captain Fothergill, turning the further corner. "I am going to Fordborough. What is it? I will take it. Mrs. Middleton, yon will let me be your mes- Yon are veiy good," she said. " Harry, yon will write—I can't. Oh, I must go back!" And she vanished, leaving the two men face to face. " I've no telegraph forms," said Harry, after a pause. " If you would take the paper to my father, he will send the messages." Fothergill nodded silently, and went out to make ready for his journey. Hardwicke followed him and stood in the porch, pencilling on the backof an old letter. When Fothergill had given his orders, he walked up to Carroll, touched tbe lad's shoulder with the tips of his fingers, and stood away. " Come," he said. " Archie raised himself from the ground, and stumbled to his feet. " Come ?—where ?' " To Fordborough." The boy started and stepped back. He looked at the fannhouse, he looked at his cousin. " TLl come afterwards," he faltered. "Nonsense," said Fothergill; "Fm going now, and of course you go with me." Archie shrank away, keeping his eyes fixed, as if in a kind of fascination, on his cousin's terrible eyes. The idea of going back alone with Baymond was awful to him. " No; I can't come, Bay, indeed I can't," he said ; " I'll walk. I'd much rather; I would indeed." " What for ?" said Fothergill; " you are doing no good here. Do you know I have a mesfage to take? I can't be kept waiting. Don't be a fool," he said in a lower but not less imperative voice. Archie glanced despairingly round. Hardwicke came forward with the paper in his outstretched hand. " Leave him here, Captain Fothergill. I dare fay I shall go to the inn in the village, and he may go with me. He can take you the earliest news to-morrow tnerning." Archie looked breathlessly from one to the other. "As you please," said Fothergill, and strode off without another word. The boy tried to say something in the way of thanks. " Oh, it's nothing," Hardwicke replied. "You won't care what sort of quarters they may turn out to he, I know." And he went back to the house, with a little shrug of his shoulders, at the idea of having young Carroll tied to him iu this fashion. He did not want the boy, but Hardwicke could never help sacrificing himself. So Archie went to the gate, and watched his cousin ride away, a slim black figure, on his black horse, against the burning sky. Fothsrgill never turned his head. Where was the use of looking back ? He was intent only on his errand, and when that piece of paper ehould have been delivered into Mr. Harkwicke's hands the last link between Sissy Langton and himself would be broken. There would be no further service to render. Fothergill did not know that the message he carried was to summon his rival, but it would make no difference in his feelings if he had. Nothing made any difference now. Mrs. Middleton sat by Sissy's bedside in the clear evening light. Harry Hardwicke's words haunted her—why did he think that Sissy wanted Percival ? They had parted a year ago, and she had believed that Sissy was cured of her liking for him. It was Sissy who had sent him away, and she bad been brighter and gayer of late—indeed, Mrs. Middleton had fancied that Walter Latimer Well, that was over, but if Sissy cared for Percival A pair of widely-opened eyes were fked on her. " Am I going to die, Aunt Harriet ?" " I hope not. Oh, my darling, I pray that you may live." " I think I am going to die. Will it be very soon? Would there be time to send " " We will send for any thing, or anyone that yon want. Do you feel worse, dear ? Time to seed for whom ?" " For Percival ?" " Harry Hardwicke has sent for him already. Perhaps he has the message by now. it is an hour and a half since the messenger went." " When will he come ?" " To-morrow, darling." There was a pause. Then the faint voice came sg^in. "What time?" Mrs. Middleton went to the door, and called softly to Hardwicke. He hid been looking in Eradshaw, and she returned directly. 4 Percival will come "by the express to-night. He will be at Fordborough by the quarter-p ist 9 train, and Harry will meet him, and bring him over at. once—by 10 o'clock, he says, or a few minutes later.". - Sissy's brews. contracted for a momc-ut; she was calculating the time. "What is" it now?" she said. • • • ' • > ; " Twenty minutes to 8.' [ Fourteen hours and a half. The "whole night between herself and Percival. 1 The darkness must come and must go—the sun must set and must again "be high in the heavens,' before hfe could stand by ber side. It seemed to Sissy as Sf she were going down into the blackness of an awful gulf, where death was\ waiting for her] Would she have strength to.. escape him, to toil up the farther side, and to reach the far off tomorrow, and Percival ? "Aunt Harriet/' die said, " shall I live till then ?. I want to. speak to himf • " Yes, my darling—indeed you will. Don't talk £0. You will break my heart. Perhaps Gcd will spare you—" " No," said Sissy, " No." Betweea.eight and nine Hardwicke was summoned again.- • Mrs. Latimer wanted some one to go to Latimer's Court to take the latest news, and to say that it was impossible' she could return ihat night. " Yon see they went away before Dr. Grey came," she said. " I have written a little note. Can you find me a messenger ?" "I will either find one, or I will go myself," be replied. ** Oh, I didn't mean to trouble you. And wait a moment, for Mrs. Middleton wants him to go . on to ha boose. She will come and speak to . yon when I go back to tbe poor girL" 4 4 How is Miss Langton V "I"hardly know. I think she is wandering a little. She talked just now about some ' embroidery she hae been doing—asked for it in fact." \- " When Dr. Grey was obliged to go he didn't think there would be any change before he came back, surely," said Hardwicke anxiously. " No. But she can't know what she is saying —can she ? Poor girl, she will never do another stitch." Sirs. Latimer fairly broke down. The unfinished embroidery which could never be . finished, brought the truth home to her. It is hard to realize that a life, with its interlacing roots and fibres, is broken off short. '-Oh, Mrs. Latimer, don't—don't!" Harry exclaimed, aghast at her tears. " For Mrs. Middleton's sake!" He ruhed away,and.returned with wine. " If you give way, what will become of ns?" She was better in a few .minutes, and able to go back, while Harry waited in quiet confidence for Mrs. Middleton. He was not afraid of a burst of helpless weeping when she came. She was gentle, yielding, delicate, but there was something of the old Squire's obstinacy in her, and in a supreme emergency it came out as firmness. She looked old and frail as she stepped into the pat sage, and closed the door after her.' ' Her hand shook, but her eyes met his bravely, and her lips were firm. " Youll have some wiC6 too," he said,poaring it out as a matter of course. "You can drink it while you tell me what I am to do." She took the glass with a slight inclination of her head, and explained that she wanted an old •servant, who had been Sissy's nurse when she ;WMa cmld. " Mrs. Latimer is very kind,"shesald.' " But Sissy will like her own people best.. And Sarah would be broken-heartedr—" She paused. - '"Hpre. is a list of things that I wish her to 'bnng." " ** Mrs. Latimer thought Miss Langton was not' "quite herself," he said inquiringly. "Do you mean because die talked of her work? Ob, I dont think so. She answers qniteaensibly—she speaks.quite dearly. That was the only thing." "Then is it down in the list—this needlework ? Or where is it to be found ?" "Yon will bring it?" said Mrs. Middleton. "Well, perhaps——" - * If she should ask again!" be said. . " True. Yes, yes, bring it." She. told him where to find the little case. " Thefancy may haunt her. How am I to thank you, Hkrry i" " Not at all," he said. " Only let me do what I can." It was nearly eleven before Hardwicke had accomplished his double, enand, and returned with Sarah. The stars were out, the ruins of tbe Priory rose in great black'masses against the Bky, the farmhouse windows, beneath the overhanging eaves, were like bright eyes gazing oat into the night. Dr. Grey had come back in the interval, and had Jseen his patient. There was nothing new to say, and nothing to be done, except to make the path to the grave as little painful as might be. He was taking a nap in Mr. Greenwell's armchair when the young m<m came in; but woke up, clear and alert, in a moment. " Ah, yon have come," he said, recognising the old servant. " That's welL You'll save your mistress a little. Only, mind, we musn't have any crying. If there is anything of that sort you will do more harm than good." Sarah deigned no reply, but passed on. Mrs. Middleton came out to meet them. Sissy had cot spoRen. She lay with her eyes shut, and moaned now and then. " Are you going home, Harry ?"' said the old lady. " Only into the village. I've got a room at the Latimer Arms. It isn't two minutes' walk from here, so I can be fetched directly if Fm wanted." " And you will be sure to meet the train ?" " I will. You may depend upon me. But I 11^11 come here first," " Good nicht, then. Go and get some rest." Hardwicke went off to look for Archie Ca' roll. He found him in the square, flagged Lai), sitting on the comer of a window-seat, with his head leaning against the frame, among Mrs. Greenweli's geraniums. " Come along, old fellow," said Harry. There was only a glimmering caudle, aud the hall was very dim. Archie got up submissively, f ttd groped his way after his guide. i Where are we going?" he asked, as the door was opened. "To a little public-house close by. We couldn't ask the Greenwells to take ns in." As they went out into the road the Priory rose up suddenly on the left and towered awfully at ove them. Carroll shuddered, drew closer to h 's companion, and kept his eyes fixed on the g'ound. "I feel as if I were the ghost of ir yself, and those were the ghosts of the ruins," he said as he hurried past. The flight of fancy was altogether beyond Hardwicke. "You've been sitting alone, and thinking. There has been nothing for you to do, and I couldn't help leaving you. Here we aie." They turned ii'to the little sanded parlour of the ale-Louse. Hardwicke had looked in previously and given his orders, and supper was ltid ready for them. He sat down and began to help himself, but Archie at first refused to eat. " Nonsense, 5 ' said Harry. " You have had nothing since the beginning of the day. We must not break down—any of us." And with a little persuasion he prevailed, and saw the lad make a tolerable supper, and drink some biandy and water afterwards. "Vile brandy!" said Hardwicke as he sat his tumbler down. Archie was leaning with both elbows on the table, gazing at him. His eyes were heavy and swollen, and there were purple shadows below them. " Mr. Hardwicke," he said, " you've been very good to me—do you think it was my fault ?" " Do I think what was your fault ?" " This !'•' Archie said. " To-day." " No! Not if I understand it." " Bay said if he Lad been there " " I wish he had been ! But we must not expect old heeds on young shoulders. How did it happen We climbed up 'on the wall, and she was saying how narrow and broken it was, and I picked some of that stuff aud called to her, and as the looked back " Hardwicke groaned. "It was madly imprudent," he slid. " But I don't blame yoa. Yoa didn't think. Poor fellow, I only hope you won't thick too much in future. Come, it's time for bed." " I don't want to sleep," Archie answered. " I can'c sleep." *• Very well," said Hardwicke. "But I must irv and get a little rest. They had only one room for us, so if you can't sleep you'll keep quiet, and let a fellow see what he can do in tbas line. And you may call me in the morning, if I don't wake. But don't worry yourself, for I shall. " What time ?" said Carroll. " Ob," from five to six—not later thin six." But in half an hour it was Carroll who lay, worn cut, and sleeping soundly, and Hardwicke Trho was counting the slow minutes of that intolerable night. Sarah had been indignant that Dr. Grey hhonld tell' her not to cry. But when Sissy looked up with a gentle smile of recognition, and, instead of calling her by name, said "Nurse," as she used to say in old. times, the good woman was very near it indeed, and was obliged to go 'away to the window to try to swallow the lump that rose up in her throat and alpiost choked her. Mrs. Middleron sat by her darling's bedside. She had placed the little "work-case iu full view, and presently Sissy noticed it, atid ftould have it; opened. The half-finished strip of embroidery wss laid within easy reach of hand and eye. She smiled but was not satisfied. "The case," she said. Her fingers strayed feebly among the • little odds, and ends which it contained, and closed over something which she kept. Then there was a long silence, unbroken till Sissy was thi-sty and wanted something to drink. What time ?" she asked when she had finished. "Half past 12." ." It's very dark." " We will have another oandle," said -Aunt Harriet. " No; the candle only makes me see how dark it is all around." Again there was silence, but not so long this time. And again Sissy broke it, "Ann* Harriet, he is coming now." " Yes, darling, he is coming." '"I feel as if I saw the train with the red lights in front coming through the night, always coming, bnt never any nearer." " But it it nearer every minute. Percival is nearer now than when you sp oke." \- Sissy said " Yes," and was quiet again, till between 1 and 2. Then Mk. Middleton perceived that her eyes were open. " What is it, dear child ?" sbe said. " The night is so long." " Sissy," said Aunt Harriet softly. "Iwant yon to listen to-me. A year ago, when Godfrey died, and I talked about the money that I hoped to leave you one day, you told me what yoa should like me to do with it instead, because you bad enough, and yon thought it was not fair. I didn't quite understand men and I would not promise. Do yon remember?" "Yes." "Sissy, shall I promise now? I've been thinking about it, and I've no wish on earth but to make you happy. Will it make you happier if I promise now that it shall be as yon said?" " Yes," said Sissy with eager eyes. -" Then I do promise.. All that is mine to leave he shall have." Sissy answered with a smile.. " Kiss me," she said. And so the promise was sealed. After that the worst of ihe night -seemed somehow to be oyer. Sissy slept a little, and Annt Harriet r.bdded once or twice in the easy chair. Starting into wakefulness after one of these moments, she saw the outline of the window faintly defined in grey, and thanked' God that the da ten had CHAPTER II. BIXHB EXFEBSS. Mr. Hardwicke, not knowing Percival Thome's precise address, had- telegraphed to Godfrey Hammond, begging him to forward, the.message without delay. A couple of days earlier Hammond had suddenly taken it into his head that he was fired of being; in town,' and would go. ' away somewhere. In a eart of whimsical amusement . at his own mood, he decided that the Land's End ought to suit a.misanthrope,and promptly- took a ticket for Pcnzance, as a considerable step in the right direction. It madeno difference to Percival, for Hammond had Ieft : fiill directions with a trustworthy servant, in case .any letters should come for Mr. Thome, and the man seat the message on to'Bxenthill at once. But it jnade a difference to Hammond himself.. Whea Hardwicke dispatched the telegram to his address in town, Godfrey lay on the turf at the Lizard Head,fazing southward across the -sunlit sea, while the seabirds screamed, and the white waves broke on the jagged rocks far below. • \- But* with Percival there was no delay. The message found him in Bellevae-street, though be did not return there immmediately after his parting with Jndith. He wanted the open air, the sky overhead, movement and liberty, to calm the joyful" tumult in heart and brain. He hastened to the nearest point whence he could look over trees and fields. The prospect was not very beautiftd. The trees were few, some cropped willows by a mud-banked rivulet, and a group or two of gaunt and melancholy elms. And tbe fields had a trodden suburban aspect, -nbich made it hardly needful to stick up boards describing them as eligible building ground. Yet there was grass, such as it was, and daisies sprinkled here and there, and soft cloud-shadows gliding over it. Percival's unreal and fantastic dream had perished suddenly when Judith put ber hand in his. Now, as he walked across these meadows, he saw a new vision, that dream of noble, simple poverty, which if it could but b<> realised woald be the fairest of all. When be returned from bis walk, and came cnce more to the well-known street which he was learning to call "home," he was so much calmer fhst he thought he was quite himself again. Not the languid hopeless self who had lived there once but a self young, vigorous, elite, rejoicing in the present,and looking coafideatly towards the futuie:— " This I can tell, That all will gg well," was the key-note of his mood. He felt as if he trod on air, as if he had but to walk boldly forward and every obstacle must give way. The f.oor of No. 13 was open, and a boy, who had brought a telegram, was turning away from it. Hv.nyirg in, with eager eyes and his face bright with unspoken joy, Percival nearly ran up against Mi's. Bryant ond Emma, whose heads weri close together over tbe address on the envelope. " Lor! Mr. Thorne, how you startled me! It's for you," said his landlady. He went np the stairs, two at a time, with his message in his hand. Here wss some good news—not for one moment did he dream it could be other than good news—come to crown this t'ay, already the whitest of his life. He tore the paper open, and read it by the red sunset light, hotly reflected from a wilderness of tiles. He read it twice—thrice—caught at the window-frame to steady himself, and stood staring vaguely at the smoke which curled upwHrds from a neighbouring chimney. He was stunned. The wor'. s seemed to have a meaning, ar.d no meaning. This is not how people receive news of death surely," he thought. " I suppose I am in my right senses—cr -is it a dream ?" He made a strong effort to regain his selfcommand, but all cc-rtainties eluded him. This was not the first time that he had t-iken up a Ulcgram, and believed that he read the tidings of Sissy's death. He had misunderstood it now as then. It could not be. But why could he rot wake ? " Ashendale"—Yes, he remembered Ashendale. He had riddc-n past the ruins the last day he ever rode with Sissy, the day that Horace came home. It belonged to the Latimers—to Walter Latimer. And Sissy was dying at Ashendale. All at once he knew that it was no drea-n. But the kten edge of paiu awoke him to the thought of what he had to do, and sent him to hunt among a heap of papers for a timetable. He drew a long breath. The express started at 10 5, and it was now but twenty minutes pist litlit. He caught up bis hat and hnrried to the iffice. Mr. FergusoD, who seldom left much before that time, was on the doorstep. While he was getting into his dogcart, Percival hastily explained that he had been summoned on a matter of life aud dtath. " Sorry to hear it," said the lawyer, as betook the reins—"hope jou will find things better than you expert. We shall see you again when you come back." And with a nod be rattled down the street. Percival stood on the pavement gazing after him, when he suddenly remembered that he had no money. " I might have asked him to give mo my half- week's salary," he reflected. " Not that that would have paid my fare." Ti e best fruit America ever sent Ireland—the potato^ The worst Ireland ever sent America— tbe orange.—Punch. The Chicago Farmers' Friend reports that the firmer who thought to demoralize a fiell of cc-lorados, by planting rows of onions between the rows of potatoes, is not feeling as smirt as he was. When he saw the insects crawl off the onion tops and chew cardamom seeds for their breath before attacking the" next ro;v ot poiito viefs, he went into the woolshed and g%ve way to his feelings. ®sT Messrs. W. Wadham fe Co. request us to call the particular attention of. Working Men and others totheir Sale, This Day, at Magill, on the Land opposite the World's End Hotel, Magill-road, and close to the Post-Office, of Twelve Allotments of superior Land, each with a Frontage of 50 Feet to iTagiil-road. by a Depth of 198 Feet; -also Block of Land in the Township of Finchley, adjoining the property of. A. B. Murray, Esq., and containing Four Acres and Sixteen Perches. For particulars see advertisements. UST We are requested by Messrs. G. R. SeltL & Co., through their Auctioneer, Mr. Thomas S. Kayter, to call the attention of the working classes, speculators, and all parties-seeking a profitable outlay for their savings to their Sale by auction. of 97 BuildiEg Allotments, Township of Dan das. Sale to take place at Saver's Hotel, Parade, -Port Adelaide, This Evening, at half-past 7. The terms of sale are very liberal, and framed to suit all classes. CJ" Wobth Kmowing.—That ihe Largest Clothing and Tailoring Premises in Adelaide, and the Best, most Stylish, and Cheapest Selection of Men's, Youths' .and Boys' Clothing and OntSitings, is at G. arid W. Ehierlaw's, Glasgow Ecnse, 11, Hlndley-street Prucf is the test; try them. cv 