(Bittera! fj*rcs. Gooltva. PmppiKO. — The Qieen of fbe Poutb arrivwl at GoolWaon October 3rd, 1878 with two ? passeiig-ers iu the cabin and a fall general cargo. Sbe left Port Adelaide at 6 p.m. on the 2nd ins:., and after a fine run arrived at G tolwa at- 2 p.m. next day with the largest cargo ever brought through the Murray Mouth. Motjkt Baekks Cricket Club — On ' Monday evening. 9th instant, a meeting of geotlemen interes ted in t^ie reorganization of the Mount Barker Cricket Club, which had become' defunct at the dose of the sc-asnn in 1878, was held in the Institute Committee room. Dr. Weld was vot-d to the chair, and it was resolved to re-establish the club. Rules were adopted and the subscription was .£x«d at 10s. 6d. Thirty five playing members and 16 honorary members were enrolled. It was resolved to ask R. B. Smith E^q., to become., patron of the club, and Tlios. 'Paltriilge, Esq, J.Pi vas elected president, the Bev. J..W- Gowerbeiilg elected vic£- prpsidenf, M-; A. VonDoussa w-as-;«ieete-3_ Captain, and Mr. h. VonDaussa was apptQmtePHonl Mere} tary and Treasurer. It was j?esolT«4^tliat tne sea son be commenced. by. a matdx.birtwerar!tJie'iniarrie^ and sinele members or the clup, to be played on an early date. ? ?-..? . *. '?;.'' 7 .??\'Vv\ ' . ''.''* ? The Wjeathek. has been changeable lateljv soiae A&f;& being reraarkably pleasant^ and pthers . oppres- v-fjveand jHsaorepahle ; yesterday 'Botn'eojfee rains -fell about StOrt)silby.nsteady,»nd.80Akin£» .The .faroaers. j'yilljbe g^ad of thiSj,howeyeriiiapleasanjtittBi%5f.^&8J otheie- . . , ;s;.j ,;-.ij ;.':--.-ii:. (».?;;,*. .??..?;,'??'.?« }^^i-d& ...J The Oddfellows Picnic -come»oflE next TueE day — for particulars see advertisement. Pbikce of Wales's Bikthdat. — The Strath albyn Institute have already organised a special committee to prepare their nsual Holiday Bill of Fare for thispopnlar Holiday ; a p'enic, tea mettine, and evening . entertainment are announced, particu lars of which will be duly made known. EscotjNTEa Eat EtECTios. ^Messrs. R, Allen and W. A. E. West Erskine were nominated on Monday last, to fill the yaceiicy to this district. The election takes place this day. Excusable. — We heard of a country auctioneer, not very long ago, who — after clearing off by auction remnants of a very miscellaneous collection of fancv and .other gifts to a religious object at a small Tillage not a hundred miles from Strathalbyn, late on a Sa*nrd^y right- — proposed to wind up the successful proceedings -with the National Anthem, when lo ! instead, the worthy auctioneer started a doxology, from which fact it may be inferred the auction eer's thoughts were very properly centred elsewhere W«- have not heard whether the mistake was dis coTered in tim8 to carry out the original intention. News is scarce in Strathalbyn, and our country correspondents are doubtless experiencing a similar lick, their communications being few an i brief this week. ; There is a northern Bishop, in this big island of -oars, who is noted for declared- views of great testamentary liberality, tempered ' by the utmost present parsimony — net to say stinginess. He is, however, said to be softening with age. The o'her day a cleric in bad circumstances called on. him. soliciting employment or aid of some kind, and it is positively asserted that the bishop spike kiudly to him, and gave him a sovereign to bay a new hat! Thi - in his neighbourhood is held to be incredible — or, if true, to foe best described in the villagers' secant of the disappearance of the Ghost and the Lady: — ' Which made all the neighbours very much to admire, ror they never seed saeu a pjpht bet-re, And never would see such a sight no more.' It was the same Right Reverend gentleman who was once waited upon by a large deputation of the laity concerning a curfi which was vacant, and f.ir which they desired to recommend an esteemed minister. The l-i-tnp opened the proceedings with a bitter complaint ? that the letter which they had addressed to him, asking an appointment, was over weight, and tliat he had been charged for the defi cient postage. Tliey^subsequently sent him 4-i. — ^Zgles. 