N£WS OF THer DAY. The coming elections for the City Council aro attracting considerable attention. Thenomi- nationsforthevacancy inVictoriaWard, oauaed by the retirement ot Connoillor Arnold, were Q1&Q6; lO-aay. fllCBBfS iiGDDGtn (I DQD| Gr, A, Wharton and A. Waxmnn were nominated. Tbe polling takes place on Tuesday next. For the ordinary election for this ward, Coun cillor Wilson will be opposed by Councillor CuitaiD, who resigns bis seat for Qipps Ward in order to contest that for Victoria Ward, wbicb he heretofore represented in the Conncil. The polling takes place on Monday week, 4th November. For the vacant Eeat in Gipps Ward, caused by Or. Onrtain'a retirement|from that Ward, MrGarton, J.P., is the only candidate nominated, and was therefore to-day declared elected. For the ordinary vacancy in this ward, tho retiring councillor, Mr ' J?.' Lee, will be opposed by Mr Nathaniel Levi, For Latrobe Ward, Mr John Whiteman opposes the retiring councillor, Mr Meares. The polling for each of the ordinary vacancies takes place on Monday, 4th November, The restless energy of the Minister of Bail- ways finds a vent in further and consider able additions to the Spencer-street station, which aro in progress. The middle pintformB ate being extended greatly, and new platform work is started at the west side of the engine shed, to tbe east si do of which the existing plat forms reach. The vastneBSof the plant at the Spencer street station cannot be appreciated by looking at it from the main plntform, Beyond the great brick goods shed, between it and the Mel bourne Gas Works, there is an expansive fit Id of operations taken up by tbe liailway department, with multifarious linea of rail, mainly devoted to grain truckB, This area lies down in u hollow, but before reaching it, we find a very long and broad platform, whioh is just now covered with Backs of potatoes, There is also a line of railway right acrOES the swamp, cast and west, to the Yarra; and it looks strange to witness a locomotive and a dozen or more trucks coming np it, as if from Sandridge. About a hundred laborers and carpenters are at work about the now platforms. Between Saturday night list and Monday morning the promises of Bander Benjamin, pawnbroker, Swanntou street, were broken open , and about £100 worth of watches and eweUcry was taken by the burglars. Yes- 'crday raorniug an old offender, named William Pretty, wbb arreated by Detectives Lovie and Considine on the charge of at- empting to pawn three rings at Brooks's pawn shop, Little Bourke i tret t, which wcro recognised by the pawn broker as some of the property stolen from Benjamin's shop on last 8unday. This morning, a man named Johnson, who was arrested last night at Emerald Hill on another ohnrge, was identified by Detective Hayes as a man who was in company with Pretty when be offered the rings in pledge to Brooks, and the eharge of bnrglary was entered against bim by Hayes, Pretty was brought before tho Olty Oourt to-day, and was remanded till next Friday, an whioh day tbe man JohnBon will also be charged at tho same court with Pretty for burglary. Detectives Oonsidine and Hayes early this morning arreBted a well-known -character, named Oharles Tjbod, at Emerald Hill, an a charge of being connected with the robbery of Sander Benjamin and Oo.'s jewellery store, in Swanston street, some few days ago, wheD over one hundred pounds worth of jewellery was stolen. The detectives state that some of the articles were pawned at various places in the city, and from the description given by tho pawnbroker there was no doubt that 'lyson was one of the parties Who pawned thorn. Accordingly the prisoner, who recoivcd twelve months bard labor on another charge, was remanded to appear at the Oity Oourt iu answer to tho charge. In noticing tho case of Thomas B, Craw ford, charged at tho Oity Police Court with forging, on Thursday last, we montiouea that it was rumoured that tho acoused w:n a brother of Sir Garnet Wolsley. The in formation was given to our reporter by tho police. It appears, however, that it is uot. oorrect, Crawford has been merely forging Mr Wolsley's nnmo , and trying to paes him self ofif as that gentleman. Under these cir cumstances, we very mnch regret that tlr Wolsiey'e name was mentioned in connestion with the matter, and make the amende ac cordingly. The election for the seat in the Prahran Town Council, rendered vacant by the resig nation ot Mr John Tumor, will tako place on Monday. Considerable iatorot is evinced in tbe election in oonscquence of the loan question having been prominently brought forward by tbe mayor, oa whioh question the council is at present pretty equally divided. There are two candidates, Mr Joseph Crook, architect, who is in favor of the loan, and Mr Tbomas Eilpatrick, builder, who L Btrongly opposed to the loan principle. Ai neither of the competitors are known to municipal fame, the burgesses will, iu nil probability, be guided in tbeir choioe by tbe views ot the caudida<es re borrowieg. A curionB mistake made in tbe wording o a summons cauBod some merriment when th document wob read at the Geelong Polic Oourt yesterday morning. Mr George Gar diner, the wcli-known glne manufacturer, of Marshalitonn, a few evenings since rede over the footpath in Moorabool street, South Geelong, and a conBtable observing the breach of the bye-law, at onco summoned bim. The summons served on the defendant was rather per plexing, for it charged him with having ridden '< across the football in Moorabool." When before the magistrates yesterday, Mr Gardiner wanted to know whv footballs were permitted to roll about the atreel, at the same time denying nsy knowledge of having offended in tho manner described. The Mayor remarked that a mistake had been made, and be amended the summons, ' the defendant nfterwards being fined fer rid ing across the footpath. On tbe Cup Day, the Young Men's Christian Association offer a plenaaut trip to those who do not euro for, or have an objection to races. They have chartered the steamers Golden Crown end Williams, and thoso vessels will leave Sandridge Baiiway Pinr at a quarter past nine on Tuesday, the 6th November, on a trip to that delightful watering place, Sorrento. Every facility for enjoyment will be provided, both on board and on shore, and with fine weather, the trip should prove most enjoyable. Tbe steamer Golden Crown will make her usual trip to Borreulo to-morrow, and, as tbe weather promises to be beautifully fine, a thoroughly enjoyable outing may be ex pected. Tbe steamer leaves thu Sandridge Bailwny Pier at about eleveu o'clock, so that excursionists may go down by tho 10.48 n.ur train to Sandridge, The Melbourne Town Band will be on board, and will play selec tions of sacred music. FlagB in the Williamstown and Footaoray districts were raised half-mast high to-day, in respect to the iat9 Mr Beid, J.P,, who expired suddenly on Thursday last, The local Town Hall has also been closed for the list three days. A cricket match will be plsyedon Monday between eleven of the " old boys " and fif teen present scholars of All Saints' Grammar School, on the Warehousemen's Cricket Ground, St Kilda road. Tbe following re- . present tbe " old boys," who are requested to be on the groundnot later than 1 o'clock:— C. Clay, F. Cuddy, H. Bradshaw, B. Frayne, W. E. Vail, G. Heathcote, 8, Westwood, F. Nicholson, F. White, H. Nicholas, H. Stod- dart. Emergencies: Oorfield, Hooper, and Chambers, Passengers by the 4,20 train from Mel bourne tu Williamstown yesterday afternoon were somewhat startled at the Budden stop page of the train at the outling between North Melbourne and tbe Saltwater Biver bridge, and facing tbe two-mile post. It was ound that one of the pipe couplings of the patent brake had beepme disconnected, which caused an escape of WAter. and rendered the brake naworkabie to the hind carriages. Tbe driver at onoe remedied tbe mishap and the train after a few minutes' delay proceeded on its jonrney. Where the train was pulled up is a moat severe curve, and had another train been closely following, nothing could have saved a seri ous collision, as there were no daBger arms or signals within sight at tbe rear, \ Some considerable amusement was excited iii: tbe Emerald Hill Oourt this morning during tbe hearing of a case in which Mary Watkins was complained of by her husband for having threatened bis life, as well as announcing her intention tj burn down his dwelling' buuee and destroy all bis personal effects. '' He Btsted that she would come home drunk at all hours iu company with some larrikins and open her mind to bim through the street door, which sho emphatically denied, nod stated that the said . iprrikius were only a few gentlemen ifbo bad kindly offered to accompany h<ir hone, fearing that some mis hap might behal her. In answer to a ques tion as to whether she was not a most excel lent wife when sober, her husband stated that be would 'not like to state with, any certainty what ktind of wife she was, as her intervals of sobrjjety were somewhat resem bling the visits oK angels. However, upon promising to sign\the pledge, and visit Mr Matthew Burnett uinder the guidance of Buh-iuspector ToohejV , she was remanded for a week, to givo a gc\od account of herself next Saturday. I At the WilliamstoWiJ Police Court this morning, William Blackf, Peter Bocld, John Bout, Campion SnndB, itlired Ethoringtou, ana Stephen Kelly, sea\men on board the Britith ship North Americano, were charged, the former with an nssault\upon tho captain, Matthew J, Hamilton, nnd tlhoromainder with wilful disobedience of ordlprs. Mr Hareourt appeared for tho captain, anoi tile defendants being nndelended applied fon and obtained a remand till Tuesday next, The whole of the defendants were allowed out\ on their own bail, and it was intimated thaf. proceedings were to bo taken by the men against the captain for ill-treatment to thetm while on the high seas. - \ ThoBallarat Courier writes — litigation between the Hand and Baud Oonspany and tho National Bank b»b been furtbAr compli cated during the last couple of dayls by the forfeiture of the leaso for non-payment of rent, and the re-pegging by a new It appears lliBt no lease rent has been jpaid into tbe Treasury for some years past, | although an extension of time was obtained some time since on account of tho company's troubles. Tho arrears now amount )to some thing over £1000, nnd on \ Thurs day, in cousequenoe of the i clauses of tho lease with reference (to pay ment not being complied with, 'the G- vernment resumed possession of the liand by drawing the pegs. 8hoitly nf te twauds, how ever, another pai tyre -pegged tbe laaid, aud an applioation for a lease was sent inl which will most probably be granted, Nuw\ comes the complication. Tho National Bayik has been ordered by the deoision ot Mr Juttice Molesworth is the S iprome Oourt to placo tbe Hand and Band Company in peaceable possession the claim: after the taxation of costs, whi ch, of course, is an impossibility in consequotnce of tbe forloiture of the leuse, and the question niises, whether, if the company ioBiBts | upon possession, tbe bank, being the mortgng'eo in trust, will not be liable for a further action for damages in tbe event of not complying kith tho order of the court, At any rate, tlhere will po more work for the lawyers, Avho will doubtless help tosolre tho problem. I The'Ballarat Courier it informed that! tho Bev. J. Walker .. scoured, at co'sidorsl.ble exponee, a eerie' ot upwards of fotty pictul res painted on glass, illoatra'ivoof "uacln Tom' Onbir." It is believed that this is the onlv complete series of pictures ou this subja-t J the colonier. They were painted to for Mr G. W. Bavon, J.P., „f Kh.,r„,. have been exhibited by hiui during the h'atsi yenrs in Melbourne nnd auburhs, for benefit of chnrohoa and chcuitie'". Thev hnvo attracted in every instan-- crowded and cnllmsiDitic nndioeces It is Mr Wnlkcr'n intention lo exhibit th?sa pictures by meauB of elactro-limo lii.ht in fJnilarat and Biirrounding townp, for the benefit of thoOongregntioual Chuich buildino fund. A memberof MrWalkor'scuogregation is engaged iu preparing and perfecting the Dcceeanry rrrangemeota an to light7 Publiu intimation will bo given shortly o( the first exhibition of these pictures in Ballarnt. ; Tho Melbourne correspondent of tha Ballarnt Star writeB : — I am informed that it iB tho intention of the Minister of Bail inys, when introducing his Hallway Hurvov Bill, to have a hugo map, of a proportion wnioti wiil surpass any othor iliat has been prepared in the colony, displayed on one of tbe walls of the Houso . of Assembly and that be will illustrate the intentions of the Government by tho aid of a wand. Prubably aomo of Jour random will rumcmbur tt,o size of the mam and pinna .that n-ca di- cornted the walls ofyonrlocal Oourt, of Mines when the celebrated " triangular " and other important auitn were being entortainui!, anil to which Mr It. DRvidtoa, Mr CJnwan Mr Wall, and Mr Pringle (deceased) U3ed to point, to the wonderment of 'be puzzbd mind. Probably tho same amount of won derment will become prominont in the As- Fembly wltcD the promised mnp is exhibited" The only difficulty will be rs to where it will be placed. It cannot surelv be disolayed over the Spenker ; if over the Ministerial benches each Bnpporter will have to screw his neck around, and the same distortion of figure will have to tako place if hung over the occupants of the Opposition benches, venture to hazard that the " screwing " will be put on the latter. Professor P. S. Baldwin, accompr.niod hy his wife, both of whom bays so successfully and ontirely at Sydney exposed tbe tricks of mediums and spiritual performers of the Foreter, Slide, andDavennoit schools, have engaged St George's Ha'l for the season, through tbeir Melbourno agent. Mr It. B. Patey, and will open immndiatvly after the U.S. Minetrols have terminated their proseet season. . . The Oity organist will play the . following selections tine evening, at tha Town Hall, at 8 o'clock, namely :— Overture, Le Ohevrl de Bronze,. Anber; Gavotlte in G. mnj .r, Handel; Opera selection, T.a Traviata, Yerdi ; Grand March, Nuptiale, Gounod; Selection Stabat Mater, BoeBioi, viz , duet, Quia est homo; aria, Pro peccatls. Mr Oreswick's MacbEth is so admirable' that it still occupies tho stage nt the Priuoe of Wales Theatre, nod attract large aa- dienccp. British Born will be repeated at the Princess Theatre Ibis evening, and wi'L ba fi-ilowed by the Scotch cUfl.Hit. Warlock of tho Glen, Such ft nrogrsmme should attract a largo attendance, lho firit drama alone should fill any theatre. Thero will be a change of programme at the Theatre Royal this evening, when Mr Wybert Beeve will appear in two new characters; ns Oantain Wraggo, in n drama tised version of No Name, and as Horatio, iu ' the comedy Oool as a Cucumber. A new dramatic version of Oliver Twist is to be produced nt the Academy of Music this evening, with Mr Ogden aud Miss Beatrioo in the leading parts. Mr and Mrs D'Arcy Bend's Ghost enter tainment at the Athenaeum maintains its popularity, lb is one of the most amusing entertainments ever introdocodin Melbourne, as is testified by the oontinuona laughter of the audience every evening. The United States Minisfrols offornnow, programme at St. George's Hall this evening, 'ihey are aB successful as ever. The Popular Concert on Monday next will bo under the patronage of his Excellency 'he Governor nnd Lady Bowen, Miss Ada Wiiietts, the accomplished juvenile pianist will appear. Entries for the Old Collegians' Rucc at tho eupuin Scotch Collcgo .Athletic Sports meeting wiil be re ceived hy tho lion. Seo. up to tlioOtli of November. 