THE KED INN. TOWARDS tbe close ot a cow, bieau.day in the early winter ci 1873, I found myself waiting anxiously and impatiently in a lonely and picturesque Bpot on the banks of the Ottawa river, about twelve miles from the little town of St. Eastaohe, whence I had ridden that afternoon, and thirty or more from Montreal. .1 belonged toa private-deteotive agency, and was here in tins lonely place by appoint ment, with . six thousand dollars npon my person,, in exohange. for which it bad been agreed-by what Beeret and complicated ne gotiations it is hardly necessary to acquaint tbe reader with-to restore to me certain Btolen property in the shape of bonds, cer tificates, and bills of exchange to a great amount. The place, as I have said, was wild and romantic, with a rained sawmill at tbe river's edge, just below the steep and rooky bluff, as the only vestige of. artificiality in view. The sky was overcast, and tbe wind moaning dismally throngh the overhanging firs and hemlocks ; the broad, partly frozen river, with tbe rugged mountains looming forbiddingly on tbe further bank, and a few seagulls screaming and swooping weirdly in the gusts between the low olonds and the running foam, looked inexpressibly mourn ful atad desolate, and the appointed hour had long since passed me by withont affording the faintest indication that the rendezvous was to be kept. Years of experience in my peculiar vocation with criminals and desperate classes had inured me to disappointment and' fortuity ; but I must acknowledge that upon this occaiion I felt my patience sorely tried. I had every reason to believe that the' compromise bad been effected in good faith (notwithstanding the wily and unenviable reputation of the go-between, who had arranged for my meeting with " Crank Dudley," the head thief concerned in the robbery, at this particular hour and place), und my ride thither from St. Kustaohe bad been Blowly and wearily pursued over an unfrequented and moBt villainous trail, which it would _ be on abuse of language to denominate a road, and over whioh I anticipated considerable difficulty in re tracing my step'B Bbould I ohance to be belated. At length, however, I concluded that Crank had either met with some delaying accident or deemed it unsafe to keep his appointment-he was an old and shrewd offender, whom any detective. would have cheerfully lost, a finger to capture- and, remounting my horse, spurred up the bank to regain the road. I had hardly donoso before an indistinct but unmistakable warn ing prompted me to unwonted haste. It was the touoh of a snowflake melting upon my cheek. * Fully alive to the terrors of the first great Bnowfoll of'a Canadian winter, I pushed rapidly forward in the hope of roaching St. Eustache before the ground should be covered. But I had not proceeded a mile before the track vas hopelessly obliterated, and the air so thick with the silent siftings of the snow, ¡which came down almost as fine na meal, as to render' the landscape invisible, save for a few yards around ; added to which the temporatuoo wai rapidly fall ing, and the wind rising in a manner sug gestive of breast-deep drifts and dangerous pitfalls. There was no plaoe to tura hack to, and to push forward involved a certainty of being both benighted and lost in the woods. In this predicament, I recalled a half ruinous, little red-washed hostelry, rejoicing in the [namo of the Bad Inn, whioh I had noticed at some distance from the roadside shortly before reaching the river, and Which had afforded so little sigua of life ns I rode by it as to give me the impression that it had long since been abandoned. But " any port in a storm " was now my motto, and, swerving a little to the left of the track, or what had been the track, I spurred forward in a direction that I thought would lead to its vicinity. I was not only soon apprised of my proximity to it by the bark of a dog, but, upon .catching sight of the house itself-a rambling, two-story, frame affair, whose sides bad long before lost moBt of the dull, red oolour that gave it a name p.s a public-house -I was overjoyed to Bee the lower windows glowing with firelight. To obtain admittance, give my horse in charge of the proprietor, who seemed to be the only man about the place, and secure a capital tbawing-spot before the great fire place in the common room within, at whioh the housewife was also busying herself with Bomo oooking, was the work of but a few moments: She was a tall, bony, muscular woman, in middle life, with a restless, sullen expression of the eye that augured badly of her husband's peace of mind, and a general gloom and taciturnity of bearing. But I have a way of speedily making myself at ease with fol kB of various sorts, and drew from her in a few minutos that she was Scotob and her husband a French Canadian ; that they lived there all alone Bines the building ' of the nearest railway had alto gether distracted travel from what had once been the deoent highway near at hand ; and that they wore BO poor as to be eager to sell ont at the first opportunity, though still able to accommodate any nnfastidious guest who might obance along, as I lind done. The landlord's name was Burohois, and hs presently came baok to the boneo, announc ing that my horse had been comfortably boused and fed, and venturing to 'prediot that, of course, I would remain overnight. " I. oould return to St. Eustache in a ooaplo of hours, ii I only had a guide," said I, looking anxiously out at the gathering twilight, through which the snowstorm was still whirling its sifted burthen with fieros persistency. " Besides, I fear that I have barely enough money with me to moot even my expenses at your inn. As I threw out this false, scent as to my circumstances, I noticed the man and woman exchange a swift glance of mingled cunning and incredulity, and the-min also spoke a few words in French, which I pretended to overhear in a puzzled way, aa though I did not understand. "It isn't likely yon'll find anyone to guide you through such a tempest, even the half breeds having deserted thia miserable wilderness, with the building of that ouraed iron road that has impoverished us all," said tho landlord of the Bid Inn in a gruff voice ; " and a dollar will pay for monsieur's accommodations overnight. Supper will be ready presently." I then concluded to remain, and began to rid mysolf of my overshoes and other superfluous coverings, while taking in' every thing about'me with a swiftness and astute ness of vision that long habit had almost converted into second nature. It was evident that my entertainers were miserably poor. "' The large room in which we then were was probably the only one in use. on the lower story, and it seemed to answer all purposes of reception, cooking, dining, and lounging combined. . The furniture had seen better days, but was now so broken, battered and infirm as to be scarcely fit for use, while a long rifle sus pended, with hunting accoutrements, over the okimnoy-pioce, and a pair of snowshoes leaning ia one corner of the room were evidenoes that the unprofitableness of inn keeping was ek«d out by the fortunes of the ohaie in the wild foreot.round about. . Mine host himself had an oven les* attrac tive appearance than hia wife. He was much; older than Bhe, short and thick-set, and wit, Borne sort of defect in hil left leg that canse him to limp a little in walking ; hat he bad an immense depth of chest and 'dispropor tionately long, sinewy arms which augured the possession of rast . muscular capacity ; while his movements, in spite of his lameness, were singularly alert and aotive for one of his age; Indeed, this swiftness and celerity of movement was also a characteristic of the woman, though, with her longer and more youthful frame, she contrasted him in this respect much as the ' stealthy, undulating movement of a panther wonld set off the spry, sturdy activity of a terrier-dog. The man's long, hatchet-face waa nearly covered ?with grizzly beard of straggling growth, and from underneath his busby eyebrows, which were nearly as heavy aB his moustache, his steel-gray eyes glinted with a dull, discon tented glow that might have proceeded from brooding misery or vicious instinct, it waa hard to tell which. I was also not long in discovering-from the frequent little scoldings that wore inter changed, thongh always in the Canadian patois, which I persisted in appearing ignorant of-that tho pair were far from living happily together, and came to tho conclusion that theirs was certainly not an example, so lauded by poets, of the marringe-tie being only the closer and more lovingly renewed by adversity and distress. _ I made these mental notes in far lesa time than it has taken meto express them here ; and when I resumed my seat by tho fire with an'air of all . the carelessness and trustfulness that I could assume, Bourchois placed some glasses and a bottle of brandy upon the table, and gruffly invited me to join him in un petit verre. But I made a point of never drinking out of strange bottles under suspicious circumstances, and, excusing myself on the plea of being under medical treatment for a painful complaint. I produced my own brandy flask, whioh I pretended to have been especially prepared for me by my physician, and, pouring out a email quantity, touched his glass merrily, at the same time wishing him and hia consort better luck in the future. He seemed a little taken aback by this manouvre, and only replied to my well wishes by first a grunt, and then a short bitter laugh, as ia derision at the prepoa terouaness of their purport; after which he arose, and, opening* the door-through which a column of snow came suddenly bustling like an angry ghost-whistled in the dog-a rough, savage-looking brute, of the stunted Newfoundland stock, which, after snuffing of my legs suspiciously, shook the snow from his Bhaggy coat, and stowed himself away in a corner. The supper, whioh was soon afterwards served us by the woman, made up in quantity what ib hoked in quality-consisting of bacon and veniion, with hot griddle-cakes and excellent coffee ; and as I was both hungry and tired I enjoyed it very much. There was nothing to road when it was over, and, aa neither my host nor hostess appeared to desire sociability in the way of oonversatloo, I was soon dozing comfortably in my ohair, though after an old habit of mine which enables me to enjoy the recuper ation of semi-slumber without altogether shutting out a consciousness of what is going on in the waking world around me. Howevor, as I heard them speaking together in low voioea, and in French, I paid little attention to what they were saying until a reference ou the part of the man to " Monsieur Le Crank" at once aroused me to livelier attention, and'to a recollection of my recreant rendezvous-maker of .the river-bank at the Borne time ; but the woman only said in response : " Yes, this is unmis takably the man," and then their conversa tion drifted upon topic» of a personal nature, .which spon developed into a oonj ugal wrangle, and might have proceeded to blows had I not just then stretched myself with a yawn, and expressed a detire to be shown to my room. Before obeying me, the landlord again opened the door, and kicked the dog out into the Btorm, after which he lighted a candle, and led the way up a narrow, rickety stair case that ascended from a little corridor just off the side of the room occupied by the fire place, and, proceeding along a hallway to what must have been the remotest extremity of the lonely house, ushered me into a large, bare-walled chamber, devoid of furniture except a bedstead, a small table, and a three legged stool, bnt somewhat redeemed from absolute cheerlessness by a bright wood-fire that had been built upon the hearth, and whose leaping fkrao-tonguns went up the chimney with n roar as *he fierce ntorm shook the one window as if with a giant's grasp. Altogether, tho accommodation was better than I had anticipated, and, after assuring myself that the door was provided with both lock and bolt of substantial quality, I bade my host good-night, locked myself in, and prepared to make myself comfortable for the night. After a brief examination of the walls, to make sure there waa no other entrance, I took off everything but my undergarments, heaped the fire with all the spare wood that had been provided, blow out the candle, and, leaping into the luxurious undulations of an old- fashioned feather-bed-after putting my rovolvor under my pillow-was soon sound asleep. I was suddenly awakened.from profound, dreamless slumber by I don't know what ; not by any noise, or vibration, or stealthy movement, but by a certain indefinable con sciousness that someone else waa in the room ; and at once sat bolt upright in bed, with my hand upon the weapon beneath the pillow. The Btorm had subsided, and everything was UB still os the tomb ; and, the fire having sunken away to scarcely perceptible embers, the room waa almost pitch- dark ; but none the less was I instinc tively certain that a stealthy intruder waa in there, and that a terrible danger, was impending over me. . I have'the vision of a oat in an emergency, and in' a moment, aa my eyes grew accus tomedto thodarknesa.Iporcoived what X knew to be the short, thiok-set form of Bourchois, crouched upon his hands and knees, and creeping noiselessly toward the couch from the opposite side of the room, with a knife betwoen his teeth, though, not being. so Bharp-aighted as I, he was not aware of my being awake »nd on my guard. A yawning trapdoor in the floor closed beside) him, and almost directly under the window, betray od the manner of his having effooted an entrance. The truth flashed across me In an instant. Crank Dudley had not intended to meet me at the rendezvous, but it was probably decided .that I should be belated and stop at this very place-this remote and obscure hostelry, to be murdered by his accomplices, the landlord and his wife, for the sake of the booty known to be upon my person, without a return of tho * equivalent: agreed upon. I had never been In suoh a desperate position before, but had often imagined to myself what I would do under similar circumstances-as I suppose we all of us do at times-and now did not feel any diminu tion of my usual nerve and preaenao of mind. Without a moment's hesitation, I cooked my revolver under the pillow, in order to deaden the slight choking sound of the look, and then, levelling it silently at. tho bushy I head of the advancing assassin, pulled the I trigger with no mora compunction than if I bad-been facing » wolf or a snake Bat the pistol had doubtless been tam J pered with daring my siesta- below-- tor it s had been in my overcoat pocket, on another ehair-and tbe hammer fell harmlessly np on v the nipple. Bat the noiBe ot the attempt aroused the intruder to tbe laot. of my being awake and alert, and, with a single bound he was apon his feet, and at my aide with up lifted knife. I now pursued.another plan, whioh I had often thought I would do nnder liké peril. I caught np a pillow with my left hand, , and let the descending blade bury itself in . its pliant depths ; at the same time I clubbed. the revolver, and, leaping to my feet on the top of the bed, I dealt my assailant a tre mendous blow in the face. He staggered a little to one side, and then, with a muttered oath, he streck oat again so quickly with his murderous weapon that it would have been all over with me if the point had sot this time come in contact with . my buckskin money-belt, whioh was lined with broad gold pieces, as well as bank-notes. As it was, the shock nearly knocked the breath ont of my body, and he groped savagely over the bed after me. But, besides having the ad vantage of him. in seeing far better in the darkness than be, I knew that I would be done for, strong as I was, if I once got into the olntch of those long, massive, gorilla like arms of bis ; so T vaulted lightly over tho foot of the conch, and, reaohing aronnd to the side, struck him again with the pistol-butt on the knee of his lame leg. He gave a howl of anguish, slouched down upon one Bide, and almost lost his balanoe. Before he oould thoroughly reaover I struck bim again, this time upon his right wrist, ? and the knife went flying ont of his hand, . striking me broadside hi the breast. I caught it by the haft, and, springing behind him, plunged it again and again into his side, until he sank with a hollow groan upon the floor, and all was still. ; Though unwounded, I waa bathed in sweat and quivering like a leaf aB I sought the candlestick and straak a light with one of' the matohes that lay beside it, and then bold it over my head to survey the scene, with a thrill of horror that had nut possessed me while the tragedy Itself was enaoting. BonroboiB lay quite dead in a pool of his life-blood that was slowly making its way aoross the uneven floor in lines and streaks. At the foot of the rough steps that led down from tbe open trap-door I could hear sup pressed breathing, and knew that the woman was there waiting and listening. " Est il aooompli ?" she presently called - up in a hoarse whisper. " Yes," I replied in Erenoh, and imitating the guttural with whioh the dead man had been wont to speak to the best of my ability. '. Romain whore you are till I tell you to oome np." Then with a norvons rapidity whioh I have never since been able to approximate, '! entirely dressed myself, even to the putting on of my fur oap, overcoat and overshoes whioh I bad not neglected to fetola np with me upon retiring. I was possessed with a wild, mad desire to get ont ot that house of ' horror, and plaoo miles between it and mo, even if I lost myself in the snowy waste. But I even went to the trouble of reloading * my revolver with fresh cartridges. Then, with the cocked pistol in my hand, and still pitohing my voloe in imitation of the dead man's, I bade tbe woman oome np. With a long gleaming knife in ber hand- ' with whioh she bad doubtless stood prepared to assist in the contemplated murder, if - oalled upon-she bounded up the ladder, her eyes glowing, and her whole face . and ' demeanour oxpresBive of a triumphant ferocity that, thank. Heaven ! I had never before and have never since witnessed in any woman. Bat, ag soon as she saw how completely the tables had been turned, a striking ohange came over her. She roooiled into a oorner, and seemed to oontraot within herself, moon, after the manner of a oat that is brought to bay by an unexpeoted enoonntèr. But there WSB no pity or oompunotion with whioh she surveyed the bleeding remains' of her oon- ; sort in wickedness, after tho first shook of astonishment had passed, and I waa inex pressibly horrified to remark , that , she was ,'gradnally regarding me- with a sort Of fapoinatod admiration. Presently she slipped ont of her retreat - with a soft feline movement, and, extonding her hands towards me with a- passionate,, appealing gesture, ehe exclaimed in the ; broad dialeot of her native Sootland : ä i" Ab, but you're a bonny aa' a bra* laddie, an' it's a-wool that the auld mon ha' foun' his richteons doom at last. He was urioo' griff and garly. Stay wi' me, an'.be my gnde mon, dearie ; there be mookie o' money hidden in the noose; we gang tegitbet ' to a far oonntree." ,'.:.-.'? Overcome with horror and loathing, I for- ... got my prudence so far aa to slip my pistol,' in my pookot, and wave her off. ' ? I bad no sooner done BO than the savage, furious St returned to her, and, with a hoarse ory like that of a wild boast, she leaped towards me, knife in hand. I was somewhat taken by surprise, and, had her strength equalled her agility, it would probably have gone hard with me j as it was, I evaded her attaok with tba ntmost difficulty, and finally disposed , of her by knooking her senseless with my fist-the only time I ever struok a woman in my life and, under the oiroumstanoeB, I think the reader will grant that it was oxocsable. ? \- Then, without staying another moment possessed by Bimply a wild, haunting desire to get away, to leave that aocursed tavern far behind-I threw up the window and leaped! ont into the darknness. The height from the'ground wes greater than I anticipated, but, as I fell into a soft snowdrift, I esoapeaV injury. The dog came howling aronnd the side of tbe house OB I scrambled up ont of the drift, but a luoky shot from my revolver quieted him, and, aa I made my way to tho. stable, I saw the eastern 'sky brightening with the coming of a new dawn with a feel ing of thankfulness that I had'never known before. I was soon in the saddle, leBS snow bod fallen than had been threatened, and, trust-* ' ing to the instinct of my horse in finding tbe road, I roached St. Eustacha in time for : breakfast. My Btory was soon the talk of . the town. Several brother-deteotivea ohanced to be onband, upon other business, and, with them and several others, I set ont at once to retnrn to tbe inn, and (Spot the . capturo of HB wioked mistress, if possible. . We found it burned to the ground 1 A subsequent soaroh of the mina revealed the bones of Bourchoia, bnt there were no other remains ever found, and what became of his guilty partner in life and orima, is. a mystery that nevor has been cleared up. Crank Dudley had boon deterred from. . keeping bis appointment by an arroBt. in Montreal upon an old charge, and always stoutly maintained his utter ignorance ot\ tho Red Inn and ita inmates ; , with how much veraoity I have been unable to .deter- ' mine. But I am happy to Bay .that a fortu nate aftor-oircumatnnoa enabled us to re- - oover our Btolen property, without com promise or any expenditure whatever, and - that I came in for the lion's share of the' .reward. . "GKHTLBKBN nt- tf/iv jury," said a Woroeabor low^ér^in the court-house 'Hst week,'" at U^e moment the polioemen says he .aw us hs front of the house which was DUrBl*íjÍ5usly entered, I will prove that we were^&cked; up drunk In the station-house.-''^ 