-REVIEW. THE POLITICAL.-. PURPOSE OR'. THE RENASCENCE DRAMA The love -contrariety, singularity, and paradox, seems to be inherent in some minds. It usually "springs, we fancy, from overweening conceit, There is something very flattering to a man's vanity in the sup. position that his intelligence, is so proper naturally acute, his sagacity so profound, and his judgment BO exceptionally sound and healthy, as to enable him dogmatically to declare that nine or ten generations of European scholars and students have been the victims of a miserable delusion, and that it is his proud privilege " to set them right." He who cherishes this self-complacent belief both in imagination , bestride the narrow world Like a Colossus, and we petty men Walk under his huge legs, and peep about To find ourselves dishonorable graves. A person of this kind is generally a man with a theory, and a very narrow and rigid one, one who would measure the universe by his pocket two-foot a rule, and who., having acquired his own stock of knowledge, he the same much or little, by laborious processes of study cannot comprehend how the Royalties of intellect could possibly have become such without hard reading and university discipline ; which is much as if a mathematician following out the elaborate calculations of Maraldi, and Koenig, and Brougham, with respect to the problem which is solved by every hive bee in the construction of its cell, should affirm that there must be, in each apian monarchy, a college in which these " singing masons" are instructed in the higher mathematics. One of these self-opinionated persons was the Hon. Nathaniel Holmes, of St. Louis, who wrote a book on " The Authorship of Shakspeare, " in which he espoused the theory of Miss Delia Bacon, also an American, and of Mr. William Henry Smith, that Francis Bacon was the writer, or part writer, of the plays which bear the name of our great dramatist. Mr. Holmes Yf as quite unable to conceive " that the spontaneous genius of a born poet, without the help of much learning, should come to see deeper into all the mysteries of God, Nature, and Man and write better about the universal world than the most accomplished scholars, critics, and philosophers, and he himself still unaware that he had done anything remarkable, wholly indifferent to fame (what might be no great wonder and even what may be more to the point) utterly heedless of the preservation of works which the author, how- soever he might deem them to be but trifles idly cast from him, could not but know to be the wanton burthen of the prime,' and the best in that kind of the age in which he lived, or of many ages." And having adopted the Bacon theory, Mr. Holmes proceeded, with admirable zeal and industry, to fit his facts to his theory, and to extract from the Writings of Lord Verulam every passage which resembled, or was considered to resemble, something which appeared in Shakspeare. How far- fetched some of these parallelisms are will be seen from the following instance, which is only one of many of the same sort The fabric of the world BACON. The academical fabrication. The fabric of the imiveree.-IIIID. The fabric of his folly.-SUA-sreanB. A falling fabrication. the baseless fabric of this visionaries. "Cerimon" has followed in the wake of Mr. Holmes, but professes to have discovered a deep political meaning in many of the plays attributed to Shakspeare, bul written as " Cerimon" contends-by Bacon, who is described as having " rapidly dashed off" "Macbeth" when " his (Bacon's) mind and feelings were keenly touched in the cause of Mary Stuart." It is unnecessary, however, to discuss this secondary theory, because if the primary one, affecting the authorship of the plays, falls to the ground, the superstructure of course falls with it. Before speaking of the evidences, let us glance at the points touched upon by Mr. Holmes in the extract from his preface quoted above. Shakspeare was evident!. " unaware that he had done anything remarkable. His works were produced with] so much ease and rapidity, they flowed from his pen with such an entire absence of effort -"he never blotted out a line" and thoughts which he clothed with such appropriate language came unbidden so thick and fast, that it is not at all surprising he should have lightly esteemed what cost him a labour. He was "wholly indifferent to fame." This may be, and probably is, true as regards his dramatic compositions, but not so with respect to his sonnets, the quality of which he possibly over-estimated, as he may have under-estimated that of his plays. Byron for a long time pre formed his paraphrase of Horace to his Childe Harold. Scott thought more highly of his poems than of his novels. Petrarch: imagined that his fame would rest on his Latin compositions. Rousseau hoped for immortality from his treatises on music and botany, and anticipated that his Nouvelle Heloise would be soon forgotten and Goethe considered that his forte was science, and not literature. Are there not solid ground? for concluding that Shakspeare may have expected to be known to posterity by his Bonnets chiefly, if not exclusively? Let u; hear himself on this subject : ?" But thy eternal summer shall not fade Nor lose possession of that fair thou sweet ; Nor shall death brag thou wander'st in his shade When an eternal lines to time thou growest : So long as men can breathe or eyes can see, So long lives this, and this gives life to thee." -Sonnet XVIII. " Yet do thy worst, old Time s despite thy wing, My love shall in my verse live ever young." -Sonnet XIX. Shakspeare was heedless of the preserva- tion of his works." True; but they had accomplished their purpose. They had furnished him with the means of gratifying his ambition, which resembled that of Scott. He wanted to found a county family and as soon as he had earned enough by MR pen and by his share in the theatre to bring him in an income equivalent to £3,000 per annum of our present money, he gave up writing for the stage, in the very zenith of his intellectual powers, and went down to his native town, where he had purchased the finest mansion in Stratford, and lived there, says the Rev. John Ward, the vicar of the parish, at the rate of £1,000 a year, as I have heard." His brother dramatists, poets, and actors used to come down and hold " merry meetings " at New-place, and once a year this prosperous country gentleman, who owned an estate of 107 acres very near Stratford, and who had taken out a coat of arms at the Herald's College, went on to London, where he no doubt met with a cordial welcome from his old comrades. The theory of Shakspeare's plays having been written by another person, is one which implies that the whole of his friends, contemporaries, partners in business, brother actors, envious rivals, and enthusiastic admirers, were dupes and colts. The member; of the club at the Mermaid Tavern, which included men like Raleigh, Ben Jonson Beaumont and Fletcher, Golden, Cotton, Carew, Martin, Donne, and other celebri- ties, are assumed to have been imposed upon by an impudent trickster. Lord Southampton is supposed to have bestowed his friendship upon a literary charlatan. James the First is considered to have written a letter of thanks with his own hand to a literary mountebank. Edmund Spenser is imagined to have been miserably deceived when he spoke of " our pleasant Willy" as " That same gentle spirit, from whose pen Large streams of bonnie and pure nectar flow." And, again, as one " Whose Muse, full of high thought's Invention, Doth, like himself, heroically sound." The dramatist for whom Ben Jonson professed an affection " on this side idolatry" and we are invited to believe, a pitiful im- poster. The playwright who " Made those flights upon the banks of Thames That so did take Eliza and our James," was a mere jackdaw, strutting before England's greatest Queen, and Scotland's last 4 The Political Purpose of the Rcuasconco Drama Ty Cerimon. Melbourne : George Robertson. King, in plumes lent him by Francis Bacon Was there ever so preposterous an hypo thesis, f 'j ' ' . Ask any stage' manager, 'or experience actor, and he will tell you that most of Sha! speare's plays could only have been written by a man well up in stage business, conversant with the necessity and utility i " carpenters' scenes, and a thorough mast of all the technical details of his profession as a player. His knowledge of dramatic effect was such as' can only be attained to by men who have spent some years upon the boards. He is known, to -have written most of his great parts for Richard Burbage, whose genius as an actor helped I stimulate that of the author. Tradition asserts that when he was composing the ghost scenes in '"'Hamlet," Shakspeare spent a night in Westminster Abbey the better I apprehend the awful impression which an apparition of the spectral king would produce upon the mind of the Danish Prince. The: ia good authority for saying that he constructs Taylor, of the Blackfriars theatre, how a play the latter part and that Sir William Davenant, who had often witnessed the performance by teaching Betterton " in every particle of it, gained him esteem and repo tation superlative to all other plays." Few plays have been more immediate successful and popular than Shakspeare were. There is' abundant contemporary evidence of this, and, as Mr. Halliwell he pointed out, a new drama byShakspeai was one of the greatest attractions in the 1 theatrical circles of the day." Not only so but dramatic writing was revolutionised I this absolute Johannes Factotum," c Robert Greene called him. To quote the words of M. Mézibrea, " from the close of the 16th century all those who wrote for a: ' theatre in England, excepting Ben Jonson underwent the influence of this in con parable innovator. . . Shakspeare do not make them poets. They would have been so without him. But it was he who opened to them the vast perspectives the modern drama. It was he who taught them how to blend in the same work every contrast which human nature ca present, and to bring together as no on before him had ever dared to do, tears and laughter, joy and sadness, the hardest c realities, and the most mysterious and deli cate aspirations of the human sOUL." An thin man was an impostor, and his conten porarieB, by whom he was loved, and water and almost worshipped, were the imbecile victims of a shameless fraud, which we without a precedent, and has found a parallel ! > , Le style c'est Vhomme. Compare that c Bacon, majestic and admirable as it is, with that of Shakspeare, and you are struck by the essential difference of the two. Loo again at the language e. " Shakspeare is read able to-day," observes one of Lord Verulam' recent biographers, while Bacon has become (in language only to a great extent obsolete. in the life of the dramatist, meagre as it is there are all sorts of incidents to connect hit with his works. Some of them literally smell of Warwickshire, while the names of characters and places are largely borrowed from his native county, which he loved so well But how is it that the great Chancellor's bic grophers, one of whom has been very anxious to deny him, have not succeeded in discovering the slightest trace of his having diverts himself in his idle hours of so active a man had any-by rapidly dashing off " such air trifles as " Hamlet," " King Lear," Othello, and "Macbeth"? Such a discovery wool have been almost as good as a patent of immortality for Mr, Hepworth Dixon. ' In many, if not most of the early drama of Shakspeare, we find the marriage question cropping up. He had been, we cannot help thinking, entrapped into a hasty marriage with a strapping Warwickshire woman sever or eight years older than himself, who presented him with a daughter six months after their union; the poet being only a month over 19 years of age when he found himself a father and when a year afterwards, Mrs Shakspeare brought him twins, he seems to have thought it was high time to seek his fortune in London. He left his wife a Stratford ; he did not neglect to provide for her comfort and that of the children and, as his circumatances improved, he took care that the position of his family should be bettered also. But that it was an ill- assorted and uncongenial marriage, there is too much reason to conclude. He never brought his wife up to London. There were no more children after his departure from Stratford and the sonnets justify the inference that his affections were truant, and that his noble friend was his successful rival. " I do forgive thy robbery, gentle thief. Although thou steal thee all my poverty ; And yet love knows it is a greater grief To bear for c's wrong than hate's Known Injury." "Cerimon," indeed, does not hesitate to attribute the sonnets to Bacon also to Bacon, the mercenary fortune hunter, who, having been foiled in his efforts to marry one woman with money when he had no title to offer her, succeeded in obtaining a rich alderman's daughter after he had been knighted by James the First. In two of the sonnets the writer speaks of himself as a player, of his having become "a motley to the view," and of his name having received a brand " in consequence " And almost thence my nature is subdu'd To what it works in, like the dyer's hand." But, as we have said, his hasty marriage cast a cloud upon his mind, and the influence it exercised upon his thoughts is clearly trace- able in several of his early dramas, and may be discerned, we think, in the well-known passage in one of the latest, beginning "Let still the woman take An elder than herself ; so scars she to him, So sways sho lol claim her husband's heart." There is another incident in the poet's domestic history, which may be connected, we think, with a scene in one of his historical plays. In the month of August, 1590, Shakspeare lost his only son Ham net, who was then between the age of 11 and 12; and shortly afterwards the dramatist wrote ' ' King John. " Can any one doubt that the lines beginning " Grief fills the room up of my absent child " came hot from the heart, and not cold from the head of the poet? Could they have been written by any human being who had not recently undergone a similar bereavement to that which Constance had sustained? Imagine Bacon, who was at this time in the thick of politics, writing his Maxima of Law, head over' ears in debt, twice arrested, and scheming how to marry a woman with a lot of money, sitting down in the intervals of MB multifarious labours and projects to pen such language as this " Grief fills the room up of my absent child, Lies in his bed, walks up and down with me ; Pula on his pretty looks, repeats his words, Remembers me of all his gracious parts, Stuffs out his vacant garments with his form." The thing is utterly incredible. It would be as easy to imagine that not Byron but Lord Brougham wrote "The Dream," or that Lord Eldon was the author of " The Heart of Midlothian." As to the contemporaries of Shakspeare, who knew and extolled him as the greatest poet and dramatist of the age, their name is legion, and want of space compels us to refrain from doing more than enumerating the prominent of them. They included Spenser, Beaumont, Robert Greene, Chettle, Willobie, Meres, Barnefield, Weever, Allot, Bodenham, Alleyn, Davies, Best, Freeman, Ben Jonson, Hemingo and Condell, Hugh Holland, Digges, Marston, and Donne. But all these, as well as James and Richard Bur- bage, John Langham, Thomas Greene, Robert Wilson, John Taylor (the original Hamlet), Anthony Wadeson, Thomas Pope, George Peele, Augustine Phillipps, Nicholas Tovvley, William Kempe, William Johnson, Baptiste Goodale, and Robert As men, who were shared with him in the Blackfriars playhouse, . are supposed to have been such arrant simpletons as to be capable of being imposed upon by a person who for a long series of years was foisting upon them a succession of wonderful dramas, written by Francis Bacon, and transcribed and fathered by William Shakspeare 1 Many of them were brought into daily and intimate contact with the impostor. Others I met him at the Mermaid Tavern, where the "wit combats" used to take place between himself, and Ben Jonson, and yet none, of them saw through the supreme humbug-the Cagliostro of the theatre, the " Roger Tichborne" of dramatic literature, the Perkin Warbeck of the Elizabethan epoch The gullibility of these men, who thus showed a shameless pretender to assume a peerless position, and to take his seat upon, the very summit of Parnassus, would have been, upon the hypothesis of Mr. Nathaniel Holmes and " Cerimon," as stupendous as the credulity of those who seriously believe that to Francis Bacon legitimately belongs the glory that has gathered round the name of William Shakspeare. 