The Advertiser TUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1878. THE meeting at the Town Hall on Monday evening to consider the Ministerial taxation proposals was not a crowded one, and if, as one of the speakers observed, the people are not "clamoring for taxation," dm gather ing stowed that they do not regard it wit* any gnat amount of antipathy «r draai. Thequaatioaisiiot one ptct&isAj; tinpfi for public dinuMion. The (rreatwr wnsbar even of those frentlemen who moat frequently figure on the aictforra get into a fof when they deal with thb subject, ud it U not to b« wooderei at that the majority of die audience are be wildexed and apt to apree with the Ust eSectire speaker. The probinu U be solved are tot of the awuleat deacriptiim; the varioaa principlea that gorem a j«« and practicable system of Uxatioo, in the buds of OBskflfal nuvmn are made t. > overlap each otbjer, prodoriag perfect con fusion. Disputants too commonly are ua able to deal with one branch of th«aabj«et ata tine, bat jump from one to another, and run away into collateral ieeues till eosae impaliwnt exclamation from a listener briag? them back to the eUrtinp-poiat (if they havo «f«r been there j, whence they eet oat once more to be involved in a hrt|n*toes labyrinth of can fused aad contradictory arguments and irrelenncka. He fluent speaker, under such circu?Mtaaco?, provided that ha does not talk noaaease that is too palpable baa the beat of the mates*. Trmth f drably urged oanmud? hearty ararat, but unfor tunately a plausible fallacy, adroiUy pat, id equally successful. Whea ]fr. Fnwer ■eks whydie Uwyer or the doctor earning his tfaouauids a year, and able ta employ the machinery of the law to recorer every farthing of the money should Bot pay bis fair share to the re venue as compared with, the eontabutian of the laborer, he is loudly cheered; and immediately afterwards demonstrative ap plause follows Mr. Ward's denunciation o f any tax upon the earabig?. of labor, whether manual or mental, as unjust and crueL As at the great legislative Council elec tion meeting last week, moat of the speakers at this gathering either did not understand the meaning of the terms they used, or failed to explain what they understood by them, b was im iosnbk to say whether by property they meant simply land, or all lands of property. Bat for Mr. Ward the real opinion of the meeting on this point would probably hare been misunderstood, and it would hare appeared as if the popular voice, as then expressed, was in favor of a simple kad tar. Mr. Ward, however, while proclaiming his Strong oppositioa to any tax npoa aaraiags, advocated a tax on personal as well as real fproperty, and moved an amendment to this effect upon Mr. Clark's proposition, which amply- condemned an income tax. The aainnd?Mwt wu accepted, tktu reoderia; • nattaa Car. • ptoparty tax aaat. omtty. Hm> aleetilf coaaVeaaed by an onrwhdadau; jaejoiUy a tax apoa wuiiaajH, sad exanaawl ita asproral of an inqwet <n real aad peiiaail property. While *>Mr. W«td belaag? Aedaaff credit of bringing the pneeedfage to Ak intel- Ucible iesae, it cannot be eaid Aat he aac ceeded in adraaci?gone trgmawat agaiaat Aefartkeofa?iaeoiae tax. He did sot den? Ae propostKa tbxt penoat akoaU oaatnb?te to tbe expeaaes of Ae Govna nent aocotdaMj to Aeir aaa, or Aat eanaqgs are as mack protected by Ae State aa arraaiaaitad peoperty, ao4 that Aewfowe Ae obngstaon ie ia praportioa to Ae aj?oaat of Ae eatatags. In fact Mr. Ward aeemed to fed Aefotee of tkic axga- DMit, for, aaid he, if itfc mtgeA Aey akndd pay in proportion to Aeirakeaa*, Ae reply k, we can get at Aeat throng* Ae Cae tnaw laeawhatbeaeeM?af Aeaanrtiea ABtitMaajnattotaxeanbaj?? tfweget at taemthroogfa the Caatoaai Aey axe as eertainfy taxed at if Ae ia^oet was in a direct fora, aad the oaly f aiatiau kft i* wbeAer an iaeoate tax is a conreawator ■ValtaHa nathod of lataaaj Ae tenane tbatearaiaxaoa^ttoco?trlbcte. The meeUag m iwrwllnialy forhear sng, aad exbaiteda patieact Aat from fc? exeeas ceased to be a viitn. It is proper flial tawilnna oa baA aHas of Ae«antioa at hsae Aoald have a nk hearba> hat tbey MaaMWaU QOUttMtif I^SbJ. to keep uMy to Ae aabjeet of debate, aad not take Ae liberty of dkaoauiag at any length upon Akajs Aat have ao conaection with it. Mr. dadc, with toknble ckaraeas, stated the point* under discussion, and wandexei less froni them than did most of the saceeeliag apeakecs. Heobserred that there was a general admission that Uution was not neeumry for the purpose of iacn*mng the revenue, bat was needed to essble the Oorermaent to alter the incidence of ' taxation through the Caaoms, aad all the meeting had to consider was whether aa income tax was desirable, aad U not I whether Aese ehoaU be a tax oa pro perty. Mean*. &udover;, Ward, Frasar, and Tbompao?p ia Aeir speeches stuck to Ae qaesdon, bat afl Ae oAardeaTaaanoei waw asaw or law cliintic, and some of them axceedi?jciy absazd. , Oneepeaker affirmed that all income aad property iuee ultimately fell oa the labor ing dams, Imt when he got hold of this theory, or whether it was evolred from the nceasesof hi*own intellect, the meeting was not informed. Other speakers w«a dend from Umn to Beaaheba, tiaced Ae history of the two Boaoaat Governments, dwelt open the stamp duties rejected by the tipper Uooae, diacowsed on Bkhop Bogsian and the Mcttnoaitos, stumbled about anon*- the naex peoded haianries, and groped in a meUncholj- despairing style amidst figures and ttiitittikn Mr. VDlanear« Smith perhsps nude tbe most e^ragiou exhibiuon of himself of all who endea vored to enlighten their feCow-«itueas. To indicate bow competent the learned gvotle man was to discms tbe subject aider eoa sidtntion it is su?kaent to state that re feninfr to Mr. Boncawt's texatioa eebenae, j he in bis loudest Meei and with Ok most | Tenement Restans m^koi why a man with \ an income of LVJ& a year ahonld go free, whSe ? peaK? earning £200 was to be taxed bearilj. Ilad Mr. Smith I tae diplitest knowledge of what he was talking about he wodi have ban awixe that the person with £300 a year would under tbe 'pro posed income tax pay notamg at all, and Aat a hie yearly earnings- exceeded that torn by £1 hk contribution would be three pence. For each hundred pounds of in come abnwi £300 the tax would aaiimiit to 25L,bot it Ae Castoms are wuelr altered the taxpayer wffl be rebered to aa amoas beyond what he would contribute in this way. Me Dowie u r nth ■«■ uric in hk deun for a free hnakfajt tahk, aad that k a* doubt tot 4*inbk, bat it k fake as maporunt to bare free boots. Protective doxies are the malt opnreeme and vkioa« ia priadyte, be cattaa fur every aound t'txej hr<ag to thecoffci* of the Mate a greater amoust foes into the pockets of patrato awranai.. Sfdaey Smita amid he aerersftwa l*«nn -B>lvmnkn repadkior withoot wirtiiy to tear him in pieec* ami pw his coat to the widow aad hk waistcoat to the orphan; and the aamenefiagauuK overtake aa earnest, though*ol maa with a bealthj hatred of sham aad injustice, with ragmid to a tnauer or boot and ahae maaaaactanr, when he sees the jrtand wanhonaw and l«Utkl mudeaees which person* in Ae leather trade have built with aseary plundered through the agency of Ae Costume from the hard earmngs of Ae working man and of thate poor clerks and profsjaimml|?m*mueawhoa> anbnapy tat ifr.raamwMMatiyia Ae AmemUj pic tured in anch rhid eakn. Thb report af Ae New Soath Wal^ ll« -l«rtmeat of Mines for the past year ? saost iiilini sliaj «ad impsctaat, both fnmm the progress of the saiamg ttaoatry whiahit •hews, and Ae Me* it gim «f the viHaais of the mineral resources of the colour. It is true Aat, as ia precious yean, the report again states that there has been a deelin) in tbe output of g<id tad is the ■nnber «f penans engaged in gold mining, but Aj« is much more than compensated for by Ae gseai inrwMf in the yield of other aiu; prodncte, especially of coal and petioknm, aethe future of aay country where then is abundance of coal andiron is adored. Dniog 1H77 the Bomber af collieries under inspection ia New South Wales imrettMd from 28 to 37, six being coal-pits and three petroleum mine*, sad the output amounted to M44.271 toss of coal, of Ae valae of £856^95, the laigest yet known n Ae history of the colony. The inenan in value over 1876 k £55,0961 aad thu although the avenge ptice of coal per ton was below that of the ptacediag three years. The quantity of coal consumed in the cokey was 628,5*4 torn; 351^)50 ton* were exported to foreign ports, aad 504,737 ton wen aeat to other colonies. These figures show a steady increase on the past ten years, proving Aat last y*sr Ae home 'consumption of coal CKceeaed the decennial avenge by 135y445 tons, and showed aa iacreaseon Ae year of 77,443 tons; the foreign ex ports exceeded Ae avenge by &UM; tons, aad showed an kenase on Ae year of &$ r lGstone; the coloaul export exceeded the imp by WflG tons, and Us* «f Ae pmvkms yaw fey «<V*O5 torn. Tha ykhtofpilrahasii Ada* tea wAonfWtaiT themmeatesdyaaaaal iamiiaaii — Aatot cod. Ike faaiails «f puUuli— ttwl ■aiattfrtntini fanf 1877 aasoaatat to 16,863 ton, which eta«M Ae ykldot Ae previous year by 2^05 toes, aad was wi*wUt hajher than A* ■■■■gifar thepaUtenysaa. As, howevmv Ae r«? of the material ha, fallen, Aa md? af Ob oatpat vaa any £#0,624 Ilk, ae tiiy nised n the previous year. Tha BBM Of aumtn OMjandn Aft (ml ia antr/iaU77waad>BS?,aad theism of hw by auiaiml aui ualj7,thsahi *? out bet Aat n*a*am«o?lolMas, ao fatal to cwlHni la Kmwft, m* asw.au ■? hrnmv Booh Wftlse. fit Eiaasiaai of Mimt, bww, namdars tit wHm lam at Hf>, —n — iti% might ha a heaa Biaiaol proper aappsrttnthe wm*ba?nj fl?M?^ht in* of which Ae majorilj of A* fetal anrafism bKewScrtt Wsimuonux. K«t tocaal ina awy l?-*tcedas Aa dm«ry Ae aaMttek. ahlTtoha aaaiaV grown* «ad indeed than OR fee - T r «"«^^ a^Mr tav ■Baumjas oxpu?* an iiaafk*, to place SewSoulh Walssto • Coed iirilim naiM eaaloakar* «wo*ry. TheamMatoTontakai daoo*- Ae year a stated at 2jBoo torn*, of Ao nJHrf&^OL This, baauim, donas* aro4«mClim«. lor n amAmtitiaTati ta o&ia; mummwammt ■kv^hh^^ i ■■■ amu wma?mMmaaaam bns- mamaa* wnvunanam?Mt ■pniai of H? terns wnwly of ■% fern ■■4 at Back Oa?ak-aaal flknan VaaaaJL K<w&oa;*hWs*nkr*gan7s?h*nry«t : WMtn&j; in its nfaaejr, Aatnanlyamnaflaiar of «V?ft terns of <xe ws* ruksd.aad ?VHt toas ia ore, ngalas, or ingots, mflaalotv £32*^238, was exported. The gnat bia dnaoe to the dewkfan* of Am n« dastry hea been the mat «f proper __^ aV^a^at __._?JI- ' -^.^^^-Jl^— — AmT <amYmt ■OfJr V«Sa£ layH^ OwfSDDHBa 4KB Jamb- - Wood, the UibVi fWnlaij far flaw* . metal are kwwn to axtna^ovtt at^snmof V« aSa hi the tslnaj, aad Apt ata faaUymm* cepper emmtry m oft* ajaHar O0f«BMl> raaaor annar u w*m SaaaV Wal« ma/ tzwly be and to W ««J^ bajnra^. Noct ia «*-* of yiaU aat L Aat tibe fratiactod dsom^kt, -pMMIfA * anch «t the «n froat Way 111 ml, ■■■ the kw atk* of the aMtd'tl Bajfjavt tended fumttj to dapraai the tad*, th? aaaad^oT tat CKportad dana^ USTwaa ftmOjiMta?otmU dt mi ■aiiiliatW Btenoaa y«B% aad the valae di the aaMaat prodaoedaU caponed wMffiOeyatt. The ft bobs «?mn <■* tin candy it fijCOP «fM? -a*-, of w*«* «ah/ «iajhk afaan anai wt yet ■?■■!■, M isbmb. ThasviA CBaaVj &■■"•■& fiililiw far - cubao doaht that a gnat flam it ia ato?teta* Sew fiagtfc W«lai<iaa#aH. tocsSat is la??t ajaaadfaM^ *> alajha^a* mag to be wartaa, aad iaatfaw Ull Urn* nlaed at CTfISBV van cxpartad. 1h? aint aad leat export, am ae yak Mp?Jft~ arf, hat dan an auas «f baft mblTit lac tuataij, vaaca <aaj wywre oaaaajl aa Tanaag to Aa cjvU ntana it aaaaan Aat Acfaaafty okalaal it 1877 Ml " fitde o«r ISMH?—, «f A. wiaa M £«7MIB, aad Aat Ae maker'* aaan> wat«V?l4. O i film jg ina !■!!«! Hi dcncaniaykUvatapkaiA?adMS?on, ' hat Mr. WooJ nnaliw Ae yaarwlaw 1 i|iliiiaTljailiaifn|ilaiiakai «a •eooaataf Ae ahaajaaaCnai aad A* •caaa^cr lebar, wUch ndaeed aavs/ adae?tDaKk betterwaceeAa?AoM«h -£l^QQp odfasd by the GfftataaMat far A* dacemy af payable ejeU aft m ajaaelar 4apA Aaa an net be* at la* baa* worn, Aa OpoH Victoria CiMMpajr at Afl\doaf ■BxinHh/ deprac?tnaj *ay wfiaat 4f Aa auaaarlent-at "Tf. flh rrtai flhlH taiy cxpnaaw • haaa Aat t* iaaj Mi ajaM amdpanaeaat Aatiagae atacnat nanlij ■ en>ijria«;idk wkica <adj ntana 4e*akp- BMat to g|i« napleyaaajt to • jnat aana* —d to —d ft"iq| ?e iTetan ttt|—i lifaaj af Aecakay. OeUMhte k futoenleaaWaa iadMbf to ha alawnd toh«a]^Awhaa,ae«o?idaeaatto iatts eeae fat Xm? Boatb Wabav it at he eanaat ganaal prnyeri^. Ia aifitaaa to A* opaKte.end flAar wiaaiiea??lae?iwahanje woAai. Iks total amge faeU aaaar ■navaj awKadanarlKTrvae I^A^Waamv aad the afgagpMe vafepe of aB Ae humdhV imiaedwM£^M#l,e)toiru^aaiacMaM ea Aeyear«f «*aati^M?,aad«BAa teaeaM avonge of £U*,Vtti, • awat smipmed teas As AWaa, ism Msfamna, ■■■ ij|>i<<l fi— tna fhamgama. The toV^paahie aew> foam Eanpali mat vacf aamamcaw. the^ane has s*m> ta?% ufi—l A? i sT II sfsmwaay (tofliimi. a* injini w vS^MMfw^mm ??•? n? Bamam V i t *a? immaf * asw hum. aad hi plum af wjuMWataj^Wt fmoea fna. Tmk*w mm | iWhal jj ant ttma amsas *? mmn^mm* nKsajf Man* vm^SwvalnaArlafttartfSM*: t?mlmta *•* «a?at?«C taeKsaliah s^atlaMi U^tds w^ &mmed; •? hes (■amnautaae- mSac tae ismr of As ceamm of Aa bbbbbi «C TbaaAa to Ocot Britaia Baa asou. •cuu mM. leu* a* she iiiliaau to at iMs Bay, the iataad was amad am* want aa m. depat Urn aMms to awtMafaiVaat •■^a •#^^ ™ t^?? ivi^Vi uu, wuma uum^ houwer, and famtiua cmtdur it vslasimi to l^a?Bd?l^«W?eetia ailMiMu tonas tfaatasvmvmalcsmMuTcs" mTmUfeatS asked far. It m graa^rmg tojiliiit ilia** r<rtc far moyiat ma massaaV^masiaai?w* m «tr amm^Umi of Aam atjam sacamn* Ifatad. Ha BrtnaiaiOHiai tat ?«jyg** aw. ft. lina-rtjij S^ anwaT VtL JammHuraTQFf VlmT* •^^^■' """^^^^ infawttfu^t6itowtng~gen.^men'for l&e; Tour vacant seats incite t*gialative Council:—Dr. Campbell, Messrs.' J. Hodgkiss, R. Ihgleby, Q.O,A.B.Mnrny, J. Pickering, H. Soott, W. D.Scott^B. gpence, K. Tanghan, and C.B. Young. As therV were more than the required number oecaadidases, further proceedings were j adjourned till September 10; when tite election will take place. A: public ui?etiug' was held at the Town j Hill' on Monday evening to consider ihe,Go- j verninqtt seheme for an income apd property j tafcv' AfmirtdieTe was a^sniail number of per- ] cons jresettt^ bat as the, evening drew, an tbe anaisne^ increased to between 500 and" 600. Uf. yrfW. Buik tosk the chair. Speeches were-delivjetjed by Messrs: John Clark,S. Tom kinion,l- v Dowie, A. Grainger, the ~Hon. W. Saaaorer. Messrsi H. Traser, HP, W. V. Smith, K, 1 TJTard, MJ, Tr..M.Sanofprd, J. A. Kortfamoce, iihd',-' Thompson. The following resolution was carried by a large majority:— . «llhatthis meeting is opposed to the imposition \- -of "an" income tax upon Incomes derived .tram la&nrjwhtther; manual or meataL^: It was de «ide3iitst the reaolution^shoald be embodied in. a petition to te signed by the Chairman oa behalf -*the meeting, and presented to Parlia ment. ■ . • ' It o will be seen by the telegram from : landan pnkliahud this morning that the score of the- Scarborough Eighteen was imeorrectly jriven in theprevioos message. It now appears thattUeyecored 124 runs in their first innings ana 125 tuna In their second innings, thus leaxmgtiMColoaials victors by one innings and Hfe niinouncement "of tiie stoppage of theWaltarooilmesiascaoteda serious fall in Mo6ntas,whJch.were offere3.forsaJeat£B 15a,, JEB,lft;.., anfTfiyEn Monday. • ?ae inimbertf psssen^ere carried hy the AddvSe^anft Suburban ' Tramway Oompaiy week which ended on Angust 34 was 15jB?6,bemgan increase of 1,667 on the pre- . vim^sieek. ' . 33w-xaiDfall from 9ajrL.xMi Saturday to' 43* t*ume ium. on JtondaT, August 36, ? **WF^^T^^^TnllftW? — ' V-- ■ ■ Kadina „. 0030 \ Normaarflle .„ 0030 Portlincoln. M ODlO| - ' ■ We have received from the Secretary, Mr,J.Jnd,a copy of the rules adopted fajtne Shearers' Union. We understand that the Uriion' is now prepared to supply shearing sheds Witt the necessary hands. A. writer in London TVvthaxya: —''l beg to draw attention to Zecnariah vni, 23, in whibh, metiimk?,! see a prophecy of the Berlia CangHat. -She words of the text are these :— "Intfcosedays it shall come to pass thai ten men shall take hold'of all languages of the nations, eviet akail take hold ot the skirt of tan ibat is a Je#,qssyraf, we wHI go with you.'" • WiiaWieen asked %-lie police to 4nntinn Htti.yditic against i'tand of thieves wrja\havaJ&My; made theuanpeannee inAde laideTSroawsilelbonrne, - "They carry on their ■denmW?riiw m a very syafamatic manner, so faooaefaaUerf and others wQI do weD to eee that 3ioappartimiiie?xie giFen to them of helping themselves to property. ' •-" " A^F",a .TxfetSj?sc' of .the SonjJi A.ustralian "Gas Q<t?^Bahy nela on Monday, August 26, the fiie special meeting held mjuly were con fii ssjg' ,At'the'knnnal meeting wbicnfallowel ireport and halance-sheet wera «doWed,~ and 'a 'dividend of ss. per share on 15JB0 Shares," and Ss. Sdi per share on 12,003 -atiares was decbired. . A meetiag- of the ehsreholder? in the Peri Adelaide Newspaper and Printing Com pany was held at Mr. Seltirs office, McLaren Whttii, on Monday afternoon. August 26. The obj«csof the. mee^ng was to oaofirm or otber wise a reeolnttoo passed at a previous meeting to arittd la^theOompany. On Monday, it was decided to adjourn the meeting for a few days to see if arrangements could not be made for <mntinning the Company. As interesting gathering took place on Saturday August 24, at the Exchange Hotel, JEEndley-street, where the employes of Messrs. Hatrpld Xtos. met to evince their esteem for Mr. "tTi Letchferd. who is leaving that firm after many gears' service. After expressing their tund wishes'far But gentleman's welfare, and theff •pprrattianof his basmess abilities, his bealth -was drunk. He was then presented ■with a testimonial and a valuable gold locket and **Jt*in. The Glsnelg Inetitate has lately been favored with a valuable addition to its library by a. tandsome present of books from Mr. E.A. \v right* This^gcntleman from tiie commence ment of He undertaking has filled tite post of "Treasurer, and has always taken an active part -aw a member of the Committee in promoting its interests. 'The books presented number 103 volumes in all, comprising many of Bohns valiiiiWf publluaiiong. together with works on Tnodern irarel and other 6abjects of interest, lie Anas Exprest of Angnst 24 states thai"Mr. W. Carter and bis Ottle son had a narrow escape from death by burning on Taurs day evening last. Mr. Carter is engaged in ploughing operations on the Booyoolie Estate, and; bas a tent erected in which he sleeps. During TJraraaay night some embers from ate «amp-fire must have been blown against the tarpaulin, which ignited, and Mr.'Outer aac only awakened by the heat and smoke: He immediately rescued his son from hispsr?otn position, twit jn doing so sererely barned his tiand and leg.' 'The tent was completely de atroyea* T^ift l oHowing is Monday morning's -weather report ou"the Adelaide and Port Dar- | -yjn TVlfgrarli linp-—JBeltana, *^^"* - dear, fine ; < •£trangwavs Springs, calm, dear, fine, pleasant; 1 &eake;* «?■**" , clear, fine; Charlotte "Waters, veryjigfat, clear, fine; Alice Springs, vary light, dear, fine; . Bmtow Creek, moderate, de&r;, fine, pleasant; Tennant Creek, light, cloudy, ■warm; BoweU 43reek,- moderate, few c4ond«, pleasant; JQaly Waters, cafan, clear, - fine, PineCreek, fresh,clear^fine; Yam Creek, fresh, few clouds, fiae; Souihport, atrong, (dear, fine, -warm; Port Darwin, very light, clear, fine, warm. ** Mr. Oswald Brown, tiie hydraulic engi neer, arrived: a*:Mount Gambler on Thursday, Angust 22,^states tiie Border "to make aa ffiawiiiiaWgn of tiie proposed site for tbe Waterworks. He was met by Mr. Rogers, CJJ, yesterday-'morning. He is satisfied there will Im no difficulty in getting an adequate water supply from tbe Valley take, and will recom mend thai the necessary pipes be at once ordered. On analysis in Adelaide tiie water of the Valley Lake was found to be considerably purer then that supplied to the citizens of Ade laide.' The pumping works will be just behind tbe Hospital, where the Lake is about 60 feet deep." A public meeting, convened bj Mr. Wm. - Lane, XP.,: in response to s> reaaUitioa, was faeldat the Hgyfeton Hotel on Saturday even- j ing,Alngast-24^tooQBsider the desirableneja of j forming tiie Hundred of Hall into a district | under the District Councils Act. A. large number of persons from all parts of the huu dred*tbenaed. ; Mr. Laae was voted -to the chair. Aresplution affirming the desirableness <rf forming lie hundred into* district arjis car ried. 'The meeting then proceeded to define toe boundaries of five wards, and nominated as first Councillors Messrs. T. Thomas, sen.. G. Shepherd, "W. Tiller, W. Lane, and P. Camwall. .A Committee was appointed to draw out a memorial and obtain signatures $o it. - On Tuesday morning, Ajigust 20, /t severe accident occurred to one of the shearers in $ne woolshed^'belonging to Mr r Bushman's Port Lincoln Gap'Bun. " It appears,* says the fort Augtsfr VtspatA, uiiiat aboui 9 o'clock in tiie P?««riJmg WfiKam Sobinson was holding af heep which he yrae aSout to shear, when lie animal heganvfo' steuKgle violently, and by some means tiie blade of the shears wbsclt he held in his right" iiaml inflicted a eey?re gash'across the back of tiie other -fiand, severing^ the tendons and cutting the small arteries, from which the blood flowed copiously. The wod&fA; being near i£b the beach tiie patient was brought to Port Augneta in a- boat, and Dr. Markham dressed the wound and put tiie iand in splints tesecureihe reunion of tiie severed tendons* - A correspondent at Port Wakefield sends as tiie following:—" An inquest was held at tite Local'Court House, Port Wakefield, on Saturday afternoon, August 2i,on the tody of John Christian Bartel, who died mddmly at tiie remdeoce of Captain Johnson, Manor Farm, CoccanmVearly that morning. Mr. J. Styles. JJ?,wasCoraner,andMr.B. V.O.MeuckeFore tnanof tfaeinry. After tearing tiie evidence of Dr. Wngley the Jury found that tiie deam of the a^nan,^ Iln? ce . eult of natoral causes. While bringing the body of she deceased into Port Wakefield Mr. and Mrs. Bartel and infant, Mrs. Harrison, .and Mr.'Cnnrsai Barber, had a narrow escape. The cartihey were in came, into contact roth a bush, and was capsized. ,The whole of the party srere ifarown with great force on {to tite ground, and ware mnct ictrised and knocked about. The infant and ihe deceased were thrown yards away. On the same day a yoong man was fit the act of stopping from one truck to another whilst the train was in motion. His foot slipped; and lie fell between the trucks, ana four Of them passed over his thigh, tearing the flesh from his legs, more particularly the left leg. He now lies at Duron's Hotel, Port WakefieM, under the care of Dr. "Wrigley." A meeting of the Israel Identification Association, was bald oa Monday evening, August 26, in the Vestry of the Flinders-street Baptist Church. Mr. B. B. Kdgebombe occupied the chair, and read a selection from the "Life from the Dead,'! ehowingthst the people of Ung land as « nation must lose ifthey were not Israel. Numerous passages from she Bible were then read by Mr. A. O. Chambers, illustrating the subject. Mr.T.Thomas and Mr. H. TV. James also spoke to tbe subject, quoting largely from the Bible in supportof their views, and boldly asserting that the British races and Israel weee identical. The Chairman having invited dis cussion, the question of identity as a Sabbath-, keeping people was mooted. The hour was however, too late'for the question to be dealt with. .^One «fi*h?- members read from Zachariah iriii., -23, as suggesting a prophetic allusion *o the late* Conference at Berlin. The attendance was huge, and great interest was manifested in tbe proceedings. An.axtraordinary general meeting of the * A?i^wl? Himinimfli Tramway Company was held ; jn White's Arbitration Boom on Monday afternoon for the purpose of consider ing the necessity of increasing the capital of tbe Company. It was explained that the Com pany had not taken op shares in the Company so liberally as it was first yp«rtard they would. Out of the original &000 ahaas only 4fiQQ had been applied for. The estimated coat of the Una to HinJm«T?li was £151)00, and as the Directors bad only £12.000 in hand they did not feel themselves justified in going on with tha work unta they had mass naprhd. It was also thought that 4fce tramway should he extended to Kimaldy Beach to make it a-payincr line, and the Directors urged that an infjwasn of capital • wag necessary for that parpose. It wasresolved that she present capital «f the Company should be increased by the issue of 6000 new shares of £3 esoh. This lesolntian will have to be con firmed before new shares can b* called up. The report of the proceedings under the provisions of the Victorian Land Act during the year ended December 31, 1877, lias been laid before Parliament. The Age xaports that** the total amount of land alienated from the Crown ■ daring thai year was 1302,498 acres; of this 76,006 acres were disposed of by auction, 1413,266 acres by selection under the 19th section of tie Act, anft 12£26 acres by selection under the 49th section of the Act. The fees payable for land naWied daring the year amount to £113,030. The total area selected during 1877 exceeded the area selected daring IS7S, and exceeded &*b acea selected in 1676 by 66,118 acres. The total area of Victoria, exoja sive of scrub ranges and' water, is 33.446,723 acres; of this amount 28,4814)83 acres have been alien?«y<l,leavins;?r«il?iimttn?ppropriated of 10,965,327 acres. If to this be added 1,037,000 acres, tbe estimated atea forfeited to the Crown, the area available for atim^im fa i January, I&7S, was 12,00^327 acres." j A meeting of the Committee of the Aborigines'Friends' Association was held at the South Australian Company's Office on Thursday Angust22. There were present the Bev.F.W. Cox (in the chair), the Rev. W. K. Fletcher, j Messrs. H. Hammond. H. Hnssey, K.Oldbam, ' J. Pickering, sen., and Jas. Scott, the Rev. Oeo. ; Taphn (Superintendent), and Mr. C. J. Holder (Hon. Becrttary). The Secretary reported that j he had igceHedrKm the Superintendent several I ' communications referring t) si memorial pre- ! seated to tbe Government, which bad for its j object tbe removal of a hatfeaste named George i ' Madamy from «ome land whieh he i* occupying j near Esst Wellington under the Crown Lands ■ Cooeolidation Act, 1577. to seme other place, ' . and containing some facts relating' thereto, ! : together with a request that the Association ' would take the matter up with a view to • obtaining for Muckray a confirmation of his ' occnpataoai; and that be had written to the : Snperintesdent advising him of these facts, and ' asking that the request might receive due con- : sideration at the hands of theGovemnwnt. The j Committee approved of tbe act ion taken by the ' Secretary. A recommendation from the Finance Committee for various jumks, including tbe : erection of five miles of fencing and formation of a tank, «t an estimated east of £170, and re- < pairs to schoohoom of £25 was adopted. A . statement of probable revenue and expenditure as tfee basis of the year's ooeratio?s was con sidered and adopted. The report fbrpraaeata- : tion at tbe coming annual nvoting was read, and also adopted. It was of a very satisfactory . character. , At the meetimr of the Council of Educa- ' turn on Monday a great deal of boeineas was disposed of. In the case of the Hindmarah School contract, and the the action of the Minister in reversing the decision of the ! Council, a long statement <wit«in|ng a protest ' was brought forward by Mr. Barlow and unani- '. moody agreed to by the Council. The state- | meat is to be forwarded to tbe Minister of ; Education. Mr. Minus's case again came on ) for consideration. A tetter was received from ', him in which he declined to apologise for his con- j doct in reference to withholding certain papers from the Council. The Council refused to grant his request that his dismissal might be rescinded and his resignation ac cepted. A very satisfactory report was - received from Inspector Burgan as to tbe North : Adelaide Schoo!. Tbe very high percentage of 95*2 was obtained in the infant department. ' The Head Master, Mr. GUI, also wrote, asking ' the Council to sanction the discontinuance of the admission of fresh scholars in the boys' de partment, which was full. He was instrncted only to admit residents in North A**" JTi*1T In j accordance with the suggestion of the ViijXttmr ! Mrs. Etheridge'B name was placed on tbe list of ' recommendations for retiring allowances. In the matter of the-application for farther addi- i tions to the Uraidla School the President re- 1 ported that the proposed additions were not sufficient. A suggestion was received from the Minister that the Council should take steps to , establish an advanced school for girls. The matter was allowed to stand over tor a week. The President said he believed the Flinders street School wonld be ready for opening by about September 15. j *At about 7 o'clock on Friday rooming, August as," 6?}s the Bor&er; ITatca, " Boger -, Gorman, a wheelwright in «he employ of Messn. : Bamtt & Andrews, whilst tekins; a walk before i going to work, looked into the oave behind the > Institute Ball to see whether tbe body of «he : missing man Robert Whyte ought not be ' oberyabie in it, the eusplcionsof the missing i mui employers and fellow-workmen having 1 been all along directed to that bole. He saw ! floating, at a distance of about eight feet from the edge of the water, a small solitary object, ' and going down to the edge thought it looked : like a human head, but in the dim light ■ of the cave was not sure. He ascended ' to the top, and got a man from Mr. ! T. Barratt'fi boarding-house to accompany him i to the cave. On making a careful examination ; they found that the floating object was really a - man's head. Gorman at once informed bis em- ■ plojei boi the disco very,"and communicated with j 1 tbe police, and Trooper Davis, Constable Wall, I ' and Corj>oral Dunne w«nt to the cave and drew \ the body to the surface. It was covered by a i shirt and trousers only, and was identified as | that of Wbyte, so that tUe surmise that te had \ left his lodgings only partially dressed was I correct. The body was not much decomposed. < It was removed to die Polios Station, where an I inquest was held by His Worship the Mayor . sii the afternoon. Toe Jury found a verdictas foUtiWSt—•"rbattliedeceased.liobt.W?yte.canie j to his death by drowsongwhiulaboraig toiler a ! fil of lemporary insanity, caused through drink." Ihe cave was dragged two days after Whyte ' disappeared, but there being logs at the bottom vue of the drags was tost, and nothing «ould be fished np. l>aiiy sinoe his disappearance the police and parties tave'beaa oat searching in • the neighborhood, and every aooessible well and cave, has been searched and dragged. The parents of the deceased live in Melbourne, and bis father andhrotjier arrived here by coach yesterday afternoon. The young man was much liked by his employers and fellow workmen, bis only besetting vice being drunken ness." The Bev. M. J. Birks delivered the second of a course of lectures on Monday even ing, August 26, in the Methodist New Con nexion Church, Franklin-street. The lectures are being given in aid of the debt npon the Church. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. G. S. Fowler, H.P., presided. The rev. gentle man dealt ably with hjs subject, which was entitled "Cheerfulness «nd amusements," and throughout was warmly applauded. Under the first heading Mr. Bu-ks touched" upon those religious and irreligious persons who always wore a gloomy appearance, and - looked at the world fxom its darkest side. He clearly showed that a uiheerfal, liv.ely, and animated nature was in hannany with the Giver of aOl good gi^rwM^tte cultiva tion clinch a nature was t&4u£tnsaf p«- < longing tile. Be Ahea. destt «4 4«jgth *ei& amusemen.ts. Hotsaracing lie coademnpd from the fact tint racecourses were frequented by so \ many persona of profane and loote habits. With regard to billiard rooms, he was glad to see that they were not so numerous here as in Melbourne. A game at home when it was en gaged in—as showing the skill of the player only—he did not object to. but when young men spent their whole evenings in a billiard saloon he considered they were standing on the verge of a 'precipice. WMagwimni^ «h*ss, draughts, and cards were then treated with. He did not object to these amusements, pro vided gambling was not introduced, and if they were played in a proper atmosphere. Cricket, footing boating, fishing, and banting were then briefly noticed as amusements of a healthy and invigorating nature if rn.it over-indnlged in. The lecturer did not altogether disagree with dancing. He eonti dered it a healthy recreation when indulged in at seasonable boars at home or on the grassy sward, but he strongly condemned the heated ballroom and the midnight hour as the place and time to engage in it. The theatre as a place of amassment was treated with extensively. Mr. Birks was favorably inclined towards the drama, but he said when the various evils which sur rounded and centred in the theatre were consi dered he thought it was a place which ought to be discountenanced by every respectable person. During the evening several anthems were ren dered by the choir in an excellent manner. The Wallaroo Mines have been dosed in consequence of tile present depression of the copper market. Daring the last twelve months £60,000 has been expended in opening up the mine, and now that it is not in a position to yield remunerative returns the Directors have decided on suspending operations till the ore is at a paying price. This step has for some time been pat off in the expectation that the re estabbshment of peace in Europe would have resulted in the price of copper being raised, but these anticipations have not been realised. Tne only ore raised since the tribute workings wen stopped in Kay, 1677, has been tftrougd driving levels and sinking shafts and winzes. The stoppage of the works is not sudden in its occurrence, as it has been expected for some tune, and there are still a good many contracts for work which will not readily expire. All hands at the Wallaroo Mines were called together on Batnrday, Angnrt 24, and the Superintendent read the following minute received from the Board of Directors:— **In view of tfce con tinned depression in the copper market it was resolved to suspend operations at the mines; Captain Hanwnk to be instructed chat the Board desire him to take step* to carry oat this resolution, and to stop all works at the mines, with the exception of the pnmping-engines; ! the details to be left to him, with an intima- { tion that this is to be carried out so as to j leave the property in the best position for re- ( snming operation*, and in soeh a manner aa to : cause the least inconvenience possible to those employed." .Captain Hancock said it was im possible to carry on the workings of the mine with copper at £8B per ton, and remarked that it was for the men's benefit as well as the Board's that tbe mine should be left nn worked, so that' when the copper market improved . operations could be resumed sueaemfnlry. If operations were continued with the view ) of partially paying expenses that could only be | done by stornng away all the ore in sight, and j that would bring tbe mine into as bid a posi tion as ik was fourteen mouths ago. lie asked , the men their opinion as to the derision of the Directors. All hands agreed that the Board bmd acted wisely, and done what would in the . end be better for the men as wdl as tie owners. , It was stated that toe men would get a week* ' notice, bat the contracted will not leave off till their contracts are at an end. About &W; men ) will be thrown oat of employment in con«e- • a, uence of the works being stopped. j Some time ago a correspondent sent u> i a report of a case, tried before an BogtUti : Bankruptcy Court, some 10 or 11 years ago. in which it ns decided that a piano or furni- ' tore hired out on tbe system of deferred pay- < ments with right of porchaae to a persou who ; became insolvent while H was in his ponesnoa, and before it was fnUy paid for, would bseome the property of the creditors, or in other words • within the order and disposition of their trut tee. In ■> notice to correspondents we stated that this decision bad been overruled by a bijiie authority. "VVe believe the case atjuotU Hat- ' tenley re Blanchard, tried before the Chief Judge in the Court of Bankruptcy, on the 13ih • May. is the latest m paint. The effect of it is to show that wherever it is proved that tbe custom of hiring a particular description of article is so well established that not only per sons engaged in the trade but the public gout rally most be supposed to be aware of it, tbe article will be tfce property of the person I rooi whom it w hired until the last payment has been made by the person hiring it. Tuo case we are referring to " was an appeal from aa j order made by the Jarfgc of tbe County Court at Sheffield." "The debtir (Blauchacdtkcpt a publicbouse in Sheffield called the Oddfellow*' best, and was also the proprietor of s> concert , room in connection with the house. For the purpose of the musical eniertaiiinutits held at .. tbe concert room be had two pianos, one of which was hr? absolute property, bat toe other be had obtained from Messrs. Hattendey and Co.. Bow-etnet, Sheffield," qponan agreement in which the terms and periods of payment, spreading over three years, were fixed, and it was provided Uiat in case of the bankruptcy or . intolvency ox of any valid execution being issued aspiinrt the debtor or bis effects, or of his making any assignment of bis effects, , Hattertley & Co. might pat an end to tie hiring and take possession of the piano. Blan- . chard paid tbe first instilmwit Jin August and became insolvent in December, when Hattenley & Co. seized the piano. The trustee , sued this firm, and die County Court Judge ordered that tht piano should be delivered up to him. Messrs. EUttecsWy appealed, mud the Chief Judge in the Court of Bankruptcy, aft*r j hearing mtyuncnr, delivered judgment as fol- , lows:— ** Tne main question to be considered in j this case is that of rLe custom. It is not culled , in quetiion by the respondents, and if it buesta- , blithtd there win not be any other question | open, to that it will then be unimportant to consider whether the mortgagee slept upon his rights or not. The question of order and dis tmticm used al«ray?u> be oonudend a question i for the Jury. The words of the Statute ana— | 'possession or order and dispositioa ol tbe j bankrupt with tbe omaaent of the teac owner.' j If then the custom Is established, there is no ; evasion of tbe bankruptcy laws. The "?^««?i~g of the custom is that as between the bankrupt and the pianoforte dealer the order and «?;*posi tion clause shall not apply. I have said that I ! consider the custom well proved, and there is notftinjc m tfae csae to mske me oonsider is unreasonable or to think that any parson has , been deceived. It bas been said Bi*t people would trust persons in the position of tins bankrupt on arremnt of their having pianos in their possession. That is true; but they would trust them only as being hirers of pianos. Tnis agreement thai cannot be regarded aa being within tbe statote, for if tbe custom be proved no false credit has been obtained. X am of opinion that the custom has been folly proved, atid therefore the order of the County Court Judge most be discharged with costs out of the estate." The National Bank of Australasia has (StaMiEUed a branch at Quorn. The attention of the members of the College Park, South Adelaide, and Adelphiau CricketCluhs is called to tbe meetings in connec tion with their respective Clubs this evening. Sports of a varied character, including a two-mile face fora Champion Oup valued at £Jo,aretotBkepUceatthe?ent-etr«et?katiug Bink this evening. The third of the series of lectures on u Elementary Physiology'' in connection with the 1 Adelaide Univetsity is to be delivered by Dr. Thomas at the Stow Church Lecture Ball this evening. We are informed that Loddeys has advanced in the betting for the Melbourne Cup. having been strongly supported at tie end of last week at 100 to 6 *o very large amounts. There was a good attendance at White's Boomsj on Monday evening to witness Mr. Bainford's Ghost Illusions. The programme was well carried out, and enjoyed by the audience. The weights for the principal events in the Hunt Club Meeting at Morphetville on September ,21 were posted on Monday, August 26\. In the Hunt Cup Sheet Anchor heads the list at 12 Et.lOUbs.,aud Glencoe has the lightest weight at 10at. ~ Madame Tasca, the eminent pianiste, will give her second concert at the Town Hall this evening. She will be assisted by those ladies and gentlemen who were so enthusiastically re ceived at the first entertainment, and lovers of music will, we are sure, enjoy the genuine treat the concert will afford. 