The English mail closes at Avoca on Monday next. A sale of Crown lands takes place at the local court house on Tuesday next. lenders are invited by the 16th instant for repairs to the lock-up at Moonambel. The annual meeting of teachers and offi- cers of St. John's Sunday School took place at the parsonage, on Monday, the Rev. J. Aubrey Ball in the chair. The superintendent reported that he had recently re-arranged the classes, in the process of which it had been found necessary to es tablish two additional classes, notwithstand ing that care had been taken to economise the teaching power available. Four more teachers were much required, and pending the appointment of suitable adults he requested that certain of the senior scholars named might he admitted as emergency teachers. After some considerable discus sion the proposition was agreed to, on the understanding that adult teachers should be employed when suitable persons could be obtained. All the former teachers were re-elected by separate motions, Mr Weston was re-appointed as superintendent and secretary, Miss Ellen Stowe was elected treasurer, and Mr Arnold, jun., librarian. The new rules were brought up for their last reading, were further amended, and finally adopted. Some graduated lessons on the New Testament, sent by the Bishop, were examined and approved. It was de cided to investigate the finances at the next monthly meeting, with the view of purchas ing the annual prizes as soon as possible. An account was passed for payment, and after transacting other business the meeting closed. We have received a communication from " Veritas," in reply to a letter recentlr pub lished by Mr Spiers. The writer intimates that his former remarks were not directed against Mr Spiers, but it would serve no useful purpose to publish the letter in full. As all parties have now had their say in the matter, we think that it will tend to pre serve a good neighborly feeling if the correspondence now ceases. The Melbourne papers announce the mysterious death by drowning of Mr Eben- ezer Neill, the ex-mayor of Sandhurst. It appears that Mr Neill signified his inten tion of attending the opera on Thursday evening in last week, and was not seen alive again until his body was found floating in the Yarra. As his pockets contained £60 and a watch and chain, foul play is not suspected, while suicide is equally impro bable as the means whereby lie came to his death. . Our Melbourne telegram states that an open verdict was recorded at the inquest. Owing to the action of the Railway De partment, a great deal of trouble has been caused to the promoters of the Ballarat excursion. It seems that the department allow adult tickets only in a certain pro portion to those issued for children, and as each £25 worth must be paid for before delivery the difficult' has been to make the public requirements suit the departmental allowances, without entailing loss upon the members of the board. On Thursday, also, it was announced that only 600 passengers of all kinds (£50 worth) would he provided for, but the application for tickets exceeded this number, although they would not war rant a third guarantee being given for a similar proportion of children, while many adults would have to be disappointed. Fi nally, however, the department has accepted a third guarantee of £25 from the board, and intimated that it will be prepared to take 1200 passengers, so that there should be accommodation for all comers. Tickets will be issued from the office of this- paper to-morrow, and ' between six and eight o'clock on Monday morning. The Avoca Shire Council met at Moon ambel yesterday, and held a long sitting. Our report is held over until next issue. A communication has been received frqm the Education Department, granting a holi day to State schools in the Shire of Avoca, to enable the teachers and children to at tend the Ballarat excursion on Monday next. Two Chinamen, father and son were taken to Maryborough on. Tuesday from Four Mile Flat, with soil -inflicted wounds in the throat. _ It appears that they lived in dread of a visit from ghosts from the ceme tery and thereupon thought it better to go themselves to the land of spirits. Theilfury- borough Advertiser reports that the son was sent to the hospital, but the father, not being so severely injured, was handed over to the care of the lock-up keeper. The Dunolly Express says : — It is rumored that Mr George Horace Hayes has declared his intentiou of contesting the Avoea electorate at the next election, an event which the knowing one iu Melbourne predict canuot be many months distant. We learn from the St. Arnaud Times that Mr George Pyers has given the haudsome donation of 100 guineas towards building the new wing of the St. Arnaud Hospital. Messrs Aitken and Anderson have tollowed with £25 each, and Messrs Malcolm and Butcher give £10 each. All these gentlemen reside at Donald. We have received from the Australian Health Society a phamphlet entitled "Notes on Diet, an outline of the Philosophy of Nutrition," being a lecture recently delivered by Mr Sydney Gibbons. We have received a letter addressed by the Railway Department to Mr B. G. Davies intimating that the second train to Avoca lias been restored. The correspon dence shows that Mr Davies has taken a good deal of trouble to serve the interests of his constituents in this matter. The Age of Wednesday advocates an in crease of speed by trains travelling on the main lines and a reduction of fares for pas sengers from the most distant stations. The Princess Louise Marguerite ' Alexandra Yictoire Agues, the future bride of the Duke of Connaught, is the second daughter and third child of Prince Frederick Charles of Prussia. She was born at Potsdam in July, 1S60. The Duke was horn iu JS50, and is consequently 10 years older than his jf?«Heee. A shocking accident happened at Mary borough on Monday morning. A young man named Henry Martin, was sinking the shaft at a depth of 4S0 feet when a iron tank used for bailing fell from the coupling chain and down the shaft upon Martin, literally smashing him into pieces, so that his body had to he brought up in frag ments. Deceased was only 32 years of age. Mr Woods told a deputation on Tuesday that it seemed to him that the " Railway department was fast developing into an institution for every body's benefit at nobody's cost." Trickett, the champion rower, is recover ing from the injury he recently received. Messrs A. K. Smith, Fincbam, and R. Clark have been appointed a board to examine the several kinds of safety cages in use in Victoria. The banquet of the Hon. J. G. Francis took place on Tuesday night, in the Atliena3um-ha.ll. The chair was occupied by the Hon. James Service, aud the vice- chair by Mr Inglis. After the customary loyal toasts, Mr TV . X. Thompson proposed " The Parliament of Victoria," aud in doing so refrained from expressing any opinion respecting the composition of either House. Mr Sargood replied on behalf of the Council in a speech of some length, in which he defended the actions of the Upper House during the recent session. Mr R. Murray Smith made a brief but eloquent speech, replying for the Assembly, in which he intimated that, in his opinion, it was capable of improvement, but this could only be .'effected by the people. There were loud calls for Mr Gillies, and, after some delay, he also replied, and made some very pointed aud practical remarks respecting the apathy of the party which was repre sented at the banquet, to which cause he attributed the loss of the last West Mel bourne election. After " The Army, Navy, and our Reserve Forces," the chairman proposed the toast of the evening, " The Health of the Hon. J. G. Francis." After stating the reasons which should induce " the party of law and order" to waive all miuor difference at the present juncture, Mr Service referred to Mr Francis's long public career in Victoria, during which he had endeared himself to the public as an outspoken and honourable man, who had never sailed under false colours. When Mr Francis rose to reply, he was met with a great demonstration, the whole company rising and cheering most enthusiastically. He denied that he was hunting for a seat in the Assembly through personal vauity, and stated emphatically that he had had no communication with Sir James M'Culloch respecting Warrnambool. He reviewed the proceedings of the Ministry since the dis missal of the Civil servants, and denounced the action of the Elections and Qualifica tions Committee in expelling Mr Gillies as the most iniquitous proceeding which had ever come under his notice. This led to three cheers being called for Mr Gillies, \ which were heartily given. The other toasts were — " The Chairmen of Mr Fran cis's Committees," and " The Press," after which the company separated. — Telegraph. A great sensation was occasioned on Tuesday (says the ilf. A. Mail ) by a report that a man had fallen down the shaft of the Town Reef. A paper was written in a legible heavy hand with the f olio win : — " May 5 Please to look down this shaft, you will find a man in it. — W.W. From B." This ominous document, which was placed near the mouth of the hole, was secured from being blown away by two stones being placed on it. Thinking the report might probably be correct, Con stables Gordon, Connor, and M'Craith made preparations for a search. They procured a windlass and rope, and with the assistance of Messrs Ward, James, and Baker, the windlass was securely erected, after a lapse of three hours, to enable a man to be lowered down the shaft 130 feet. Be fore this was accomplished about 200 people collected on the ground and waited in agitated suspense till the mystery was solved. So soon as all was ready Mr Ward descended the shaft, but found no one in it. The hoax was a cruel one, and it is hoped the perpetrator of it will be de tected aud punished. A night in the hole might act as a curative to prevent him try ing a similar hoax. The purchase of Mr Whitehead's secret by the Government appears to have proved well worth the money, as the insight- thus gained into the construction of this wonder ful torpedo lias resulted in something more wouderf ul still. The laboratory toipedo is as far ahead of. the Whitehead as the latter was in advance of its rivals. The new torpedo can travel at a speed of thirty miles an hour, and can be adjusted with more certainty than its rival. It is worthy of notice that' the authorities at Woolwich now decline to shqw distinguished foreign ers all that there are doing. The Hon. J. J. Casey starts from Eng land by the Briudisi mail, to-day, and will arrive in Melbourne about the middle of June. 