Our usual leading matter is crowded out to day. The colored man Ira Aldridgo, whose career of swindling was recently noticed in, Thk TTkuali came before the Oitv Court this morn. ing, charged with obtaining money under false pretences from no fewer that six different per sons. The fraud was in each case effected by means of forged cheques. The victims were Mr Ycomans, hatter, Mr liuminer, Mr Joseph Catt, Mr Henry Stiles, Mr C. A. Atkin, and Mr James Carroll. He seems to have passed under various aliases, and signed different names to the cheques. In one instance he came hack, and - observing that lie thought there was something wrong about the cheque, gave the money for it. He returned the following day, and said the cheque had turned out to be all right. Having thus thrown his dupe off his guard, ho succeeded in passing three more cheques upon him, all of which were valueless. There was no defence set up, and throe of the charges being withdrawn, the prisoner re- ceived sentences in the aggregate amounting to 12 months' imprisonment. At a meeting of the Richmond Town Conn- cil last evening, reports of a most satisfactory trial of the new water-cart from Mr Davidson, of the Water Supply department, and Mr Watts, City surveyor, were submitted. These are given m another column. It was decided at once to order another cart. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Councillor Priestly for the time and attention devoted by liim to improving the water-cart. That gentleman was warmly congratulated on tha success which has at tended his efforts. It wa3 generally agreed that he had succeeded in perfecting a vehicle which will efficiently, economi cally, and without annoyance to pe destrians, or stoppage of traffic, overcome the dust nuisance. It was facetiously con tended, that the sprinkling from the Priestly vehicle will most effectually exorcise the dust iiend from the town. Coun cillor Priestly was requested to under take the sux>ervision of the construction of the cart to be built. The improved Richmond- vehicle not only fully satisfies tiie towns folk of Richmond, but it is likely to be adopted in the city, and to become the corporation water-cart of the future. We are informed that Mr Daniel Henderson accompnnied by his private secretary, went down to Williamstown to-day, for the purpose of inspecting and choosing their berths on board the R.M.S. Assam. On returning to town, Mr Henderson attended a meeting of the banquet committee, and, during a few remarks, he favored that body with a distinct and em phatic denial that Dr. Hearn had anything whatever directly or indirectly to do with his visit to Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, and that the statements in a morning contemporary as to his connection with the Conservative party are absolutely without any foundation whatever. The ambassador then paid a visit to Messrs Buckley and Nunn's, to secure his outfit. Steam-tugs are to be chartered to accompany Mr Henderson down the Bay. The lion. Robert Byrne lias consented to take the chair at the Town Hall banquet this evening. There will bo from six to twelve vice chairs, which will be occupied by the various mayors nnd presidents of shires who have been bcaton up. As regards tho ticket- holders, the gentlemen are to enter the hall by Swanston street, and the ladies by Collins street. We understand that between 800 and 900 persons are expected to put in an lap- penrance to have their tickets snipped. 1 An application was successfully made to his Honor Judge Barry, in Chambers, this morning. It appears that a married lady, a mother of a large family, and whose husband is absent on business in the country, was sent to prison for four weeks by Messrs Cowie and Foote, Justices of the Peace, at Emerald Hill, because she could not pay a sum of i'ii 12s Gd and £4 17s Gu costs, for rent accrued during her husband's absence. The lady defendant was arrested on Wednesday, and_ on her having the facts stated to liis Honor that she was a married woman, without property, he ordered her discharge. Mr Daly appeared for the ap plicant; Mr Fisher and Mr Faussett for the creditor. This case shows the necessity of a police magistrate's appearance on the bench, as had one been at the police court this order would never probably have been made. The Royal Mail steamship Assam will be despatched with mails for south Australia, Western Australia, Point de Galle, India, China, and tho East, Aden, Mauritius, Re union, the Mediterranean Ports, the Continent of Europe, tho United 'Kingdom via South ampton nnd via Brindisi, and British Colonies and foreign countries via the United King dom, on Saturday, 28th inst. The times ap pointed for closing are For money-orders, at G p. in. on Friday, 27th ; for registered letters, at G p.m. on Friday, 27th ; for ordinary letters via Southampton and via Brindisi, at 10 u.m. on Saturday, 28th ; for newspapers via South. ampton, at 9 n.m. on Saturday, SStti ; for newspapers via Brindisi, at 10 a.m. on Satur day, 28th. Lato letters will bo received as under, provided tho postage and fee are fully prepaid by postage stamps To tho Continent of Europe, at tho Gonoral Post Office, from 10 n.m. to 10,30 a.m. and from 10.30 a.m. to 12.45 p.m. ; .South Australia, Westorn Australia, Point dc Galle, India, China, and the East, Aden, Mauritius, Reunion, tho Mediterranean Ports, the Continent of Europe, the United Kingdom via Southampton and via Brindisi, and British colonics ana foreign countries via the United Kingdom, on board mail Bteamer to time of sailing. It is not often that Mr MaoDermott conde scends to joke ; but_ he let himself out this morning while defending a man charged in the City Court with obtaining money under false pretences. The charge was in connection with the salo of n piece of land, and it was stated that a considerable sum of money had been spent in filling up, as it was low- lying land. Mr MaoDermott, amidst laughter, observed that there was a great deal of low-lying just now. Those who know Mr MaoDermott can imagine the point with which this was deli vered, and the indescribable shrug which ac companied it. There was quito a little flutter of oxcitoinont in Elizabeth street last evening, about G o'clock, as four well-mounted horsemen dashed post the Post Office and drew rein in front of M'Ewan and Co's store, when they made a halt, and held n consultation of soma length. They wero all dressed in orthodox bush cos tume, nnd a little whisper got about in the twinkling of an oye that tliey " might " be tho Kelly gang. Two of tho uniraalB they bestrode were gray, one brown, and tho other bay, and there was no question of their quality, nor of their having come a long tlistance. Tho group stood talking together while one might leisurely have counted five hundred or so, and then two of them went book up Elizabeth street, and the others proceeded towards the Hobson's Bay Railway station, ' each horseman being watched by by about two hundred pairs of eyes. Of course tho probability of their having any thing to do with the Kelly crowd is of tho re motest, but if they had, they could have done mischief with impunity; for, of necessity, there was no policeman about during the time the excitement was oil. A fatal accident occurred at Itodan on Wed nesday evening, when James Downs, a little fellow about three years old, son of Mr D. Downs, a resident of Talbot street, ' was run over by a wood dray and killed on the spot. The driver of the dray, a man named Gilles pie, states that the boy suddenly started to run across the road and falling beneath the horses' feet, before they could be stopped one of the wheels of the dray passed over him, killing him almost instantaneously. Pleuro-piieumonia lias broken out ill the parish of Lciclinrdt, Mnrong Shire. One fanner lias luiried seven of his cattle, which succumbed to the disorder. It is claimed that . the carcases should be burnt before being buried. The monthly meeting of the County of Bourke Permanent Building Society was hold on Wednesday evening, at the society's office, 81 Collins street, west; Mr Geo. Higinbotha-n. chairman. Thereceiptsfortlioinontfi amounted to LOGO 8s 2d, and one hundred and lit teen now shares have been issued during tho same time. Three fresli applicationsforloans were received, two of which were granted. A complimentary breakfast was given to Alderman M 'Arthur by the Wesieyan bodies of Victoria to-day at the Young Men's Chris tian Association Hall. An address couched in eulogistic terms of tho services rendered by Mr M'Arthur aiid expressive of the good wishes of the Church, was also presented to him. Soversl speeches were deli vered, and in one Mr Frazer, M.L.C., humor ously alluded to the fact that the guest of the morning could give a better description of the colony of Victoria and its internal constitu tion than the so- called embassy which was going home — a statement which brought the house down with cheers. A full report appears else where. Alderman M'Arthur also promised, at the close of his speech, to give a donation of £1000 towards the erection of the new Wesley College. The close season for game having just ex pired, it was expected by the hawkers that there would he a supply in tho Fishmnrket this morning, but these anticipations were not realised. From reports received from the country districts this year, however, it is understood that game is plentiful, and that when it docs commenco to come down it will be on thejinarket at a reasonable figure. A selector on Morton Plains thus addresses his agent in town — " I wish you would let ine know if I could dispose of rabbit skills in Gee- long or Melbourne, as I have my cultivation paddock fenced in rabbit- proof, and I have opened boles in the fence next the mallee. 'I hey come ill by the hundred, and I yard them like sheep, as I have small yards made in the corner of the paddock." Unless Mr Longinore adopts immediate steps for the ex tirpation of these animals in the malice country, it will become one vast warren in another year. At the Collingwood Police Court to-day, a man named Dowling was charged, on remand, with the embezzlement of several sums of money from Mr Thomas Robinson, boot manufacturer, llyrio street. Tho prisoner was employed as collector of debts on commission for the prosecutor nnd left twelve months ago. Mrs Green, a bootdealer residing in Chapel street, Pralirnn, stated that she gave the prisoner a cheque for £3 8s Gd when in Mr Robinson's employ for goods delivered, Mr Robinson never received this amount, nor another cheque for £G 15s for goods sold to Mrs Clark, a boot-dealer residing in Footscray, which it was proved had been given to the prisoner. Constable Stewart, stationed at Emeiald Hill, arrested Dowling on the lGth inst. When arrested the prisoner made no explanation. The benoli committed him to take his trial at the next General Ses sions. Mr Lyons, who appeared for the pro- secutob, then asked for a week's remand, as there were some other cases against the pri soner, which the police required time to pre pare. The remand was granted. Bail was accepted in two sureties of £50, and one of the prisoner's for £100. Tho Melbourne City Band will perform in the Fitzroy Gardens on Saturday from half- past three to lialf-past five p.m. The following is the programme : — Qtiiclc March, Queen's Birthday, Gartoi ; Valse, Mina, Coote ; Selec tion, Grand Duchess, Offenbach ; Quadrille, Madame Angot, Coote ; Selection, Fanchctte, Riviere ; Vulso, Maud, Laurent ; Grand March, Silver Threads Among the Gold, Vivian ; Selection.Lucrezia Borgia, Donizetti; Finale, God Save the Queen. The above band intend to play in the gardens every Saturday. A correspondent calls attention to the want of seats in the Fitzroy Gardens. Ho says that the absence of seats militates greatly against the pleasure of the laigo nuqer of ladies and others who attend the gardens on Saturday afternoons to hear the band play. It is to be hoped that, now that attention has been called to the defect, it will be remedid. An accident happened to Mr W. Thwaites' mare, Dolly, at Williamstown, yesterday morning, which will render her unable to com pete in tho forthcoming Williamstown races, and thus spoil lier chance of winning, which wns considered very probable. By some means, during the night, she got her right hind foot between the gutter in the stable and a piece of corrugated iron aide wall, where it must have got jammed. In endeavoring to extricate it, a difficulty must have been experienced, as a portion of tho hoof was entirely cut away, and the shoe completely pulled off. For Borne hours the wound bled profusely, and was with difficulty stopped. It will bo some months before the mure will be able to present hersolf ngnin in the racing field. The Australian Mortage Land and Finance Co. (Limited) have received the follow ing telegram from Messrs Hclmuth Schwartz and Co , dated London, I7th December "The wool sales closed without further change. Prices for fleece nnd scoured are on the average Id to ljd, nnd for greasy id to Id per lb lower than close of last series. Tho quantity held over from present series com prises 30,000 bales. General state of trado Is very depressed. Tlio Rev. Charles Clark, m bis perroation last night, said, "You should widen you, basis of liberty here, and not send to tho Imperial Goyernment to crack constitutional nuts." These rcimirks were tumultously applauded. An amateur dramatic performance in aid of tho United |Friendly Societies' fcFuiulri, Emerald Hill, took place last evening, in j Mendca' Academy of Music; the _ Royal Amateur Dramatic Club performing the | Ticket-of-Lenvo Man. The house was crowded i inall parts, aiidthcsovernlperformersappoaied | quite at home in their various parts, tho well- ! known amateur Herbert Burke, playing the j part of Hawksliow, tho detective, in a very i creditable manner. The parts of Robert : Bricrly, James Dalton, and Maltby, being well rendered. Tho characters of May Edward | i Miss Willoughby, and Sam Willoughhy, (Miss Ella Hamilton) were also well sustained, the very clover performance of the latter young lady meeting with well-merited Approbation. In reference to the Australian Eleven match at Ballarat, the Courier says The B.C. C. have gained in a knowledge of tho game very much from tho ploy of tho last two days, but tho club will suffer some pecuniary loss by the match, tho receipts from which will amount to a little over £120, and tho expenditure to about £50 more. The Ballarat Courier states that an extraor dinary incident occurred last evening in Bridge street. As a well-known resident of tho town wns passing tho Earl of Zdtland lio'tel, a man carrying a swag, and evidently from the bush, presented a gun at him. The gontieman thus assailed stopped shoit, and the bushman cried out, "Whatnro you afraid of? Do you think I am one of the Kcllys?" The gentleman seized him by the arm. and made the fellow drop the gun; and as no constable could he soon about, lio was allowed to depnrt withoutboing brought to task for his impudent conduct. The man appeared to be an imbecile, and slunk into the Earl of Zetland hotel as soon as he was released from capture. The Bendigo Independent writes: — Serjeant Hayes, of Ecliuca, reported to tho coroner last night, that Constable Morris had arrived from the Terricks with the dead body of a man named Robert Wilson, who was killed yester day by the engine of a threshing machine passing over his body. Mr Edwards, the great long-distance walker, will commence the attempt to repoat his great feat of walking 110 miles in 24 hours on the Melbourne Cricket Ground at six o'clock this evening. A boarded track 120 yards rouild has been laid down immediately in front of the grand stand, so that visitors may be enabled to witness tlip performance in comfort from the commodious stand. Tents for tho pedestrian, the committee, and the press have also been provided, At night the ground will ho illuminated by electrie light. The track has been measured and certified to by the City Surveyor, and the whole affair will be under the management of a committtoe of well- known citizens. A concert wns given last night at the Town 1 Hall, Prnhrnn, by tho pupilH of tho St Kildn i (Mr J. Hadfield's) State Schoo'. The per- j formers, about one hundred in number, com- | prised a number of pianists and pianistes, with a chorus of malo and femnle voices, and an j excellent drum and fife hand. There was a very large attendance, and the various portions j of the programme were performed in a highly I satisfactory manner, and elicited warm ap- ! plause. j Miss Ada Ward takes her- benefit at the i Theatre Royal to-night. There is a great bill, | aiul a larjje attendance may be expected. Miss ! Ward finishes licr engngemcnt to-morrow, and ! proceeds to Tasmania on Monday. | _ Another ghost matinee is announced to ho j given by Mr D'Arcy Read to-morrow after- ; noon. Tho entertainment continues every, j evening to large houses with great succoss. 