ADELAIDE NEWS. [From our City Correspondent.] Thursday, August 15. Lately the proceedings of Parliament have consisted principally of animated discussions re the difference of opinion existing between the late and present Treasurers on the unexpended balance question. On Thursday last Mr. Ross occupied the attention of the House for a considerable period in defending his view of the case ; but not content with that, the subject was again largely discussed on the following Tuesday. The member for Wallaroo maintains that there is no need for increased taxation, and that the present unsatisfactory condition of our finances is due to the conduct of the Treasurer, who during last session unwarrantably inflated the Estimates by taking votes for works which it was impossible to execute. The discussion seemed to have reached a climax on Tuesday, when the Treasurer offered to refer this vexed question of unexpended balances to Mr. Tomkinson, and offered to pay the expenses of the arbitration and the sum of £10 to some public charity if the decision is against him. The challenge was accepted by Mr. Ross, so that it is to be hoped that no more time will be spent over this particular subject. On Tuesday a Bill was introduced for a line of railway to connect Port Adelaide with Teatree Gully. Mr. Cooke addressed the House on the Budget, and the first item was carricd. The Treasurer moved the consideration of the Government scheme of taxation, and the debate was adjourned until to-day. The rabbit nuisance is constantly cropping up. In some form or other the irrepressible bunny will persist in forcing himself upon the attention of the public. The Commissioner of Crown Lands stated, in reply to Mr. Basedow, that the Government purpose taking steps during the present session to suppress the nuisance by the introduction of a Bill to amend the present Act; so that those of your readers who are suffering under this scourge may know that their members are urging upon the Government the necessity of moving in the matter, but probably the rabbit-burdened farmers are getting tired of so much talk over the subject, and prefer what is more to the point, namely, prompt action. Mr. G. Goyder, jun., has furnished the Commissioner of Crown Lands with a report of a series of experiments in rabbit destruction, and after trying a variety of means has found that bisulphide of carbon placed in the burrows is very effective, and the use of this liquid costs from 2d. to 3d. per acre. It is rather a dangerous article, and requires great care in storing and using. On Wednesday the Government carried their proposition for a railway to Nairne by a vote of 26 to 10. The debate on Mr. Hare's motion for free education was adjourned until next Wednesday. It was stated by the Treasurer that if the income and property tax scheme were passed early, ' he would during the present session consider an alteration of the Customs duties. There seems to be a very apathetic feeling with regards to the forthcoming elections for the Legislative Council. One by one fresh candidates are offering themselves, seven gentlemen having made public their intention of seeking the support of the electors, but have not as yet explained what their policy will be, except by stating in a vague manner that they will endeavor to furthur the best interests of the colony. The constituencies require to be roused to a sense of the importance of exercising their privileges as electors. The field at present consists of Messrs. H. Scott, A. B. Murray, R. Vanghan, J. Pickering, R. Ingleby, J. Martin, and C. B. Young, and seeing that there are four vacancies it cannot be said that we have a very large choice. The late address to Earl Beaconsfield has had the effect of inducing those who oppose his policy to prepare a memorial of a congratulatory nature to Mr. Gladstone. A meeting to consider the matter was held on Monday, August 12, when an addreBS drafted by Messrs. A. S. Clark and J. L. Parsons was carried, and is now open for signature. The railway carrying system about to be brought into operation by the Government is not all that could be desired. A member of one of our large wheatbuying firms points out a difficulty that will probably arise in the event of a holder of grain at a country station requiring to send a large quantity away on a short notice. It is hardly expected that in such a case the Government would send up a staff of men to perform the work so expeditiously as might be desired, so that there is a danger of delay in the execution of orders; whereas under the present system the sender can hire as many trucks as he wishes, and make his own arrangements for loading and dispatching as quickly as the nature of his business requires. Mr. John Richards, an ex- member of Parliament, appears anxious to do a little prospecting in a somewhat novel style. He offers a reward for information of mineral discoveries made in the cuttings ill the Government Gums Railway line. To the discoverer who is simple enough to make him the proprietor of a mine, Mr. Richards coolly offers £100 as soon as £1,000 worth of minerals are sold, and a further sum of £500 when the mine yields a profit of £5,000. This public-spirited benefactor of his race sceuu to have a very low estimate of the emimon setise of those engaged on the works, when he can seriously propose such a onesided scheme as that which he has made public, aud he will probably find that a repetition of the Peninsula discoveries and subsequent profit to a few persons is not likely to happen yet. The Rev. Charles Clark is now giving country residents an opportunity of hearing his able and interesting lectures. Mr. Creswick maintains his popularity as an exponent of Shakspeare. An old Adelaide fovorite (Mr. J. H. Rainford) is at Whites Rooms with a Ghost entertainment, consisting of a variety of illusions on the principle introduced by Professor Pepper. The Lusitania arrived at the Semaphore about midnight on Wednesday, August 15, His Excellency Sir Wm. Jervois and family being amongst the passengers. Arrangements have been made for giving a hearty welcome to his Excellency, who will reach Adelaide at about noon to-day. Mr. A- O. Chambers, of "CommonSense" notoriety has succeeded in starting a Society called the Israel Identification Association, with a view to establishing the fact of the British nation being descendant of the lost tribes of Israel. The Association holds periodical meetings, when the matter is discussed, and papers are read by members in support of their ideas on the subject. Cricketing circles are showing signs of animation in the way of preparing for the coming season. A few of the minor Clubs have already commenced to practice for the encounters of the ensuing season. The East Adelaide Club seek support in a movement to establish an Oval in connection with the Adelaide and Suburban Association, a highly desirable object, and one which should be supported by those who do not aspire at present to membership of the South Australian Association. A team of footballers, chiefly members of the Victorian Club, has gone to Melbourne to try conclusions with the players of the neighboring colony. The team is not by any means the best that could be chosen, and it is feared that if they should fail to make a good show, our position in the football world may be made to suffer to some extent. The venture is supposed to be a private one, and is generally understood to be a speculation of a well-known pedestrian, who was at one time connected with the bookselling and news-agency business in the city. 