(MNTINENFTAJJ L E T T E R . 7 PA !?IS, OCTOBER 26.; CFUUM. OUII OW.V CORRESPONDENT.} ^Fntiioej boasts of paiiy; ".three glorious days,'' hut-none can suijpjtss the trio which comuiencpd oji Sunday laatJo&iitinued; on Monday in the'distribution of recompenses, and terminated on Tuesday, l>y iiiflictin'gi on Versailles, the hotbed of reactionist!! antjljtlie focusiof hostility against t lit- Exhibition, : a magnificent ball, that ought to . start the relic'even of a phantom jin the palace sacred to all file glories of France. On eacli day,-, the weaiher'; threatened to be a»fni, ami tbeie were joarnals unpatriotic inougli to rejoice, but alter a few hours the sun appeared in Austerliiz 1 spleijdour. Flags, lanterns, and liiewoiks were everywhere, and, !as u.iual,. the population iveut:.iu for the matter alone—the days of otficiajl illuminations are over, and the juy of the peopje, their sobriety, trabquility, and even kindrifcss, when in crowds. Tlie tree theatres were filled to overflowing,-- the spectators attending iu Sunday costuiue. Policemen were as scarce as d6dos—indeed, it is now becoming an axiom, tjiat when you desire Parisians to keep the peace, the best manner [is to invite eacli citizen t| act as a special moral constable. Only .dynasties require .force |to ensure obedience, andi coercion to secu!re quietness. : | J Cue distribution of the prizes was a brillibjnt affair, but it was also dashed with melancholy and tinged with regret. | Only think of 22,obb people joyful and sorroivful at ouce—happy jat the success of vast united efforts, aud sad fiiat these had ceased to be'collective. As for the decoration of the palaces and the march of the ceremony, nothing was; amiss—the right thing was'in .Tie right place, i Some journalists complain ot having been overlooked, which, perhaps, could iiot be helpfed, as space was limited, but strangers can have this much consolation that French editors fared ieven worse. The .Marshal's speech was Pie political event. The Minister of AgricuiiuKirecapitulated the results of the. Show, and expatiated oji its morale. The , ladies were charmed with a }o<ik at many great ones of the earth, and delighted witlr the collecti< ii of i ri limit uniforms—mine but rejoiced 1 at the awards bestowed or the honours Conferred. The Marshal's speech tyas iiot a commonplace matter—in it be niKkes liis public reconciliation wnh the Republic; lie co-ifesses it t'o be a success—to have secured lio'nour. glory, peace, tuid prosperity for tbe country; avows the Exhibition just closed lias surpassed all that this country had ever wit iesseii. imaging the importance of ihis di.-cour.-e—posted in every mayoralty, and on.all the sp.-r.; hoardings.of France, at a moment, too, when the Senatorial elections are on tlie eve of opening, ti'nd \ytieii the monarchal juurilals. were twice ;a .day, aud once a week {reaching up the contrary. If Alacmalion continues.to employJiie co'inmon sense in this tildi»- lier, the Republicans will save him from being eaten up by the defeated factions, by elect him President for the jsecond term, aud tl give the new regime the necessary time to tr its friends lo executive aud adiniuistra*. duties. i Toe charge hitlierto'against, the Republics, that it give neither fetes nor balls—we havi just had a suifeit of them ; that no crowded heads came to the exhibition—instead, we hive had to be crowned (fries. The poor Sultan tan hardly go to a-Mnsqjie,i much hss to comej to Pan-; tne Emperored! Germany is otherwise occupied, and the soci'lilisis keep Prince Bismark well employed; as for tjie Kinpeior of Russia, between the nilulists andjhis Asiatic perplexities, England on one side anil Cliina on tile other, he may be excused remaining at home. Ofily think that itie exhibition aud its collateral advantages and pleasuiCs just cost joniv the price of one year's civil list of Napoleon fill.— • le-s conpd'ctnt. warsjfor ideas, planting of Latin races and expulsion' of Gallic ones, imimlral invasion-. and a keeping of ljurope in a stati! of general. unrest. \ | but a won! about] the ball at Versailles ; the nauglitv cay did iiot invest even iu an oil lamp, save the official residences; indeed! it struck me the reoctjionist iuliahitiints observed curfew Hours for that night exclusively, iu order to vex the invited. jA.ll was dark, inud.ly, and here dismal, a till circular the palace row gates of electric were reached, lamp: and ranged round 1 lie |;reat captains of Frai and seemed to suggest a preparation to move in, "like the ghost- in Dun Giovani." There has been much exaggeration about the (organization; ladies who had not patience to sij, in their carriages till tlieir lui n came for an advance, stepped acros-s the court-yard to save time; this is common at* 1 all receptions; the cl6ak room was too small aud the attendants ' inexperienced, so there was an ugly crush. 1 liave experienced something not unlike it at Buckingham Palace ; then the packing-in the antechamber was trying; but people should be Rjjspared for all this. How long did Lord _ . . OneMerfield keep Dr. Johnston waiting? Time j works wonders ; the door was opened to allow the A.latshal and j his suite'of princes iand jinnces-es to pass- and then common mortals showed how they; were exhausted !by laiy^ng ' fiege to an admirably served buffet, that soon put; every one into good humour. I raiet a . . .., lie was three hours blocked—not in ice, bu< in . luiman" bath-roohi ; in addition he. had . lost his wife, and all that apparently remained of her to celebrate aj silver wedding, was a lace mantle, and some yards of tulle. I volunteered to discover the missing link, aud carried o!fi the intellectual creature, who was deep in .'Confucius with a professor of Oriental languages and a Mandarin with: all buttons on his blouse —so he must be s mighty man in Gath.i The gallery of mirrors &nd; of chandeliers iu crysial, with countless lights; an orchestra at each .4xtremity, and 80 couples whirling away at onlce, was sufficient to Jcure one of the toothache,! or tnink kindly for five minutes of your motlier-inlaw. How nice tb get a friendly nod jand a pretty smile, from a lady as she sails alud pivots to the J3hte Dawihc waltz? It .makes you desperately 5couiageou3, and you resolve to keep up to the last, by steadily marchijug on for the buffet at the south pole, yhen a lady, left by a lieartless spouse iu 1 tbe wall- flower position, begs you to take pity on her, and in the name of lAuld Lang Syne, show her who's who, andfget her an ice; .for being interested in Sunday schools, 6he said; shje could now understand the touching appeal oif ibives to father Abraham.! Well a stand up isupper, a good square meal, with Russians before you, Turks behind >you, ! Austrian* on! the le!ft, Chinese on the (right, Knglish and Anjerica'ns everywhere, forty different names for! the w?ng of a chicken, thirty ditto for a salmon,: twenty for an ice, ten for champagne, and ! none for thanks, such was :tlie manner . onje i supped before the great -battlt scene of "Auboker," and. the " distribution of the eagles.": Tjh»i retulrn ti the vestiary ; : was | equ 1 to Stanleys! across the dark continent; it «as uncertain whlere you "light emerge; there was a scramblei for your c >at, but the assistants were so obliging as Jto allow you to help yourself. A French general, with as many medals as a sewing; machine . manufacturer, bemoaned neither the loss of nis cloak nor bis kepis, but his cigars—these gone, like life, was tioue for ever. I The clerical and monarchical parties halve tried to make capital out of tbe funeral pf Mgr. Dupanloup ; therplay was not worth the candlle: the deceased was a fighting soidierj never [a general nor a peader; he even went bravejly • info a bat.'le and adversaries respected him fpr his zeal, but none feared his blows, : he ihad his Marengo and Austerlitz, but finished with liis Waterloo when] he; joined the late| intrigu|es against the Itepoblic. No political bishop ranks high in France, fcavej in hiS'own little seti Mgr. Dupanloup was jiot a :hisliop in the sense of cir.- mg for his sheeg; when hearrived in lus|dioce|se j \it was to write spine pamphlet, or publish soine ! ; letter: he had not the sang froid necessary for ' an administrator, nor the -spirit of c Uarity a lid toleration to citch men. He was ntil bopu' with his elergv, jand liis sentences for hi/m 'n wejre nithnut apeal. | The Republic inteiicls jat onjee inquiring into Jtlie : aependence of he lower ; clergy an the Episcopal bench, for there are . BOine crying ah ises here to redress. The djey I ceased was cordially hated by the late Pope, : who had no necessity, to. boast, he w<: uld nevjer -; make Mgr. L)u|(auloup a cardinal, for the latter ; being au illegitimate child, was thus d ^qualified j for the hat. { While lyiii<r iu stat e :' in the Cathedral, many persons brought hjectn to ; toucli the bishop's lip-i and hands. Patience—iu !Xa little time, lie {will Jivork miracles. lasojup J^ave ha 1 th.eirTConcert^t the' id wWatVae ieq iaily ti'iSnl, a'banquet: i ental 'hotel 1 ;'.af ef aitJerrneii, masons; • best|. proofi t iat the. -.order has :i»j, utioii. It is HI objection against; it .is ".'tavoiire'd' t»'y" tree; may| iiccounl or the aytn patliy of Walds for Fra ice, as heis a brother: of the invstii tie J rind iir th i seventh heaven of; the mysteries.. He showed good wit in not attending" the'recent festival; at present his' enjoying tliie firn would have been misconstrued ' Was he not .vith them inspirit.' • •"' " Since the ainy season has set in. the aspect of the exhibitit n -aijd grounds! is misery itself; and those children of the sun and blue skies, the; Arabs and he {Tunisians, how unhappy they look, shivering ,ljik<e- r'eeds,| despite .alietheaviesl Ulsters, and living.o;i nything but coffee, sugarcandy, and catesJ The weather disposes of one point, the utter inulil'tjj of proposing that Peri.-ians wi 1 ever go, during the winter, to hear a concert at the/I'rocadero^ or even to witness a spectacle on tli£ ICliauip dje Mars.' 1 There is no. convenient ^omfdrtable,'on-direct way of reaching the<e places..| However, in winter, citizens do not .pass beyond tli^ Port d'Alma; the: " Hippcfdrume contains the'rje all the gods Termini. A deal of fuss '<has been made about a few idiots that {.essayed . to "(start some socialistic scheme iu Paris; the accused have received a modei ate sentence^ others^a sulijiiue warning, and the rest bid to go and sin no more. But the in teresting point in the triijl was that the funds to organise tbe socialistic agitation here, were supplied hy Berlin." ' Prince ./Pii Bismark's journal would bo better en commenting on this, than on the proudisl toife 1 iif Malcmahoii's .speech. The French are not hound ^to solicit German perproud, stilj less to cease to be in mission 'o i' mourning, Indeed Frajnce has too long been crying over her disasters—if persisted in," her friends will i lew the mader as a;faroe. ; A iiation with a budget having a surplus ; the Bank of France with: two .milliards of gold Hi its cellars, people paying tlie year's taxes in advance ; schools spriugmg up everywhere, and funds being voted like wjater to ameliorate every hranch of education, from its firstjto its highest degrees ; nn socialism!, a splendid] army, war materiel replaced—all this ought j not to be forgotten, neither by herself nor G irmany. Oovefousiiess will burit the bag ;, the splendid Avenue del'j Ooera, desfi ite its electric lights, is not letting well, save to mountebanks, who dry the plaster of the shops, Landlords think they have only to fix a rent t( obtain it, and in many cases they are riiflit; in tbe meantine the elan of fashion hp's been missed by ihe new avenue, aud carriages, and the buying class of strangers, keep faithful to the rue de la Paix, which 'is not a Paternoster Row, as sorre writers have described it. Until the munioipalit y tax all unoccupied premises' landlords will not seek to come to terms; they do not understand that the loss of a year's rent, represents a redaction, over a term of years. •'- Clubs are springing up, £ut excepting military ones, where the Minister of War forbids play, the others are iiot niiicl^ better'than gambling den«. The! Prince of Orauge is head of a new club, whose director, w£s once, governor of the Baden Knrtuiut. I woiijld recommend Englishmen to. he i very cautions before accepting the hospitality of these establishments, which are on the look out for the jrfeim of tbe bankrupt Enctlish club. j In the National Library, an Oriental scholar is a constant reader ; he ipakes his own clothe?, by ineans of paper and gluj?, and Dryasdusts-coinplain hi.s presence is a plague. - The President of th|: Senate and the Ahp. of Paris, he-came ncquanted for the first time at Mgr. Dupaiiloup's funeral. Tbe Bank of France; though bound to do so, issues no nrore lOOfr. njntes ; it will give gold instead. Only 3eveii years ago, its coffers were empty, and;a five franc note!was a joy forever. Printing (on luminous paper is announced, and so will dispense with candies ; Edison ~ is not named as the invento Soon we shall have luminous cljothes, capiu 1 for dark nights, The condemned Con niunists at large were in process of being looked after ; the series ''• F." has. just been entered upon ; hy the time X Y Z would be reached, many of the condemned would lie grandfathers, and si> unrecognizable. This ridicule vvi II kill the opposition against the amnesty, foj" the dupes jof the Commune. Youus wife, just married : *• Francis and I have had oiir tii >t ananel ; be insisted he loved nil- most, while! I maintained I loved myself best." - j -l Apartments ^o let in mediately, or sooner if necessary,'" are advertised. 