THE GHOST. The spectral novelties of this entertainment which seem so attractive to the people of Hobart Town, and which give rise to a good deal of marvelling delight and wonderment are like the now despised magic lantern, based upon certain simple laws of optics well known to scientific men. There is really nothing ghostly or ghastly attached to the exhibition, and we do not presume to think people are under tho impression that there is. It is nothing more than an ingenious application of mechanism to render visible to the spectators persons or objects, by certain phenomena of reflection and transmission, by varying the intensity of light passing upon or through large plates of unsilvered glass, nicely adjusted as to the rays of incidence and reflection, by which persons are made to appear as phantoms. Tho plan was devised by a gentleman named Dircks in 1856, patented by him in 1863, and exhibited at the Polythecnic London by Dircks and Pepper. The main purpose described in the specification of this first patent of what was termed "The transparent mirror" was to "associate on the same stage living persons and phantons acting together." Subsequently other patents for improvement and extension of the principles and effects were taken out, notably those of Munro and Maurice. There are one or two methods of placing the large sheet of unsilvered glass, the one generally adopted being to fix it in front of the proscenium on the stage, sloped at an angle suitable for reflection, and adjusted so as to be invisible to the audience, and allowing persons on the stage behind it to be seen almost as clearly as if there were no glass there. The real actor or actors are on an under stage ex- tending a short distance in front of the bottom edge of the glass, and rendered unnoticeable by thick screens or dimness of light, where they are out of sight of the spectators. A strong light is thrown upon the face and figure of the actor who is re- flected from the front of the glass towards the spec- tators, who can thus see the reflected image of the hidden actor. If the light be faint on the glass, and strong on the hidden actor, the phantom ap- pears with wonderful force and vividness. By means of media and screens, or trap-doors, to shut off tho light on tho glass and hidden actor, the phantom may be made to instantly appear or dis appear ; by varying the intensity of the light, the phantom may scorn to gradually dissolve or he more forcibly represented, By throwing various colored lights on the hidden actor, the ghastly effects are increased or diversified, and by the use of media placed between the hidden actor and the light so as to intercept its rays, and allow them to fall on some parts and not on others, the phantom appear as if dismembered, and by the manipulation of movable mirrors or silvered glass, plain, convex, and concave, near the hidden actor, the phantom may be made to walk up and down a wall, across a ceiling, or appear suspended or flying, or it may be magnified or diminished in size or be presented as distorted or grotesque. Again, by nice and careful adjustment of the glass and light, a phantom may be superposed upon a real actor on the stage, and if the light which falls upon tho real actor on thc stago is dimmed or darkened, and the light which falls upon tho hidden actor is brightened, the former will appear to fade away into invisibility. There is a great scope for the ingenious application of the laws upon which the idea is founded, to combine effets, and most of the illusions are exhibited at the " Ghost " entertainment at the Town Hall. But though the effects are somewhat novel in the colony, and are carefully and creditably brought out by the management of the " Ghost " performance, there is no cause for the unbounded astonishment displayed by the majority of these who witness it, 