Oar Circuit Customs, MANY of the old circuit customs are amongst the '."thingsthat we're.'!,' ".,The!.wri,ter,lhal.ari,,ex-! perience of here's more than thirty, years, can recollect when in every' garrisoned town, the soldiers'could;not leave their. quar(ers,'wiffibuti the leave of the edge had. first been obtained, and to procure which the officer first!iu.lcorn-' mand, rainfall fig,"! with adjutant Attending waited at the edges' lodgings, but the, chimes sunday for the requisite permission to loose ' his; men from barracks. He presented to the judge for approval or alteration the table of rations accorded to the troops, and handed in the surgeon's report as to "the health of the soldiers. The late Lord Chief Justice Campbell bomb twenty years since passed a bill through Parliament which annulled this old custom. The Governor of , Lancaster'., Castle and, the Mayor of Lancaster, 'until, recently, severally gave up their keys and staff,', of office to the assize judge when he visited that, town ; while both at Appleby and at Chester the judges resided during the' assizes in the castles themselves, and every night, after, "locking up," the keys were brought to them as governors of the fortresses. Durham is now the only town in England which; receives the judges into a castle, and a grand one, too,, with accessories of ancient carved oak, tapestry, and most ghost- like state-rooms. "'The Mayor; of Banbury, accompanied by several members of the corpora- tion, until lately presented themselves at the judge's'! lodgings at Oxford, and offered the judges Banbury cakes, wine, six long clay pipes, and 1 lb. of tobacco, accompanying the gift with many complimentary expressions. This custom has been recently discontinued. Until 1859 the ancient. Corporation of Ludlow; were accus- tomed; to come to the door of the judges' carriage, as they travelled by rail from Shrews-, bury to'Hereford, arid to offer them cake and wine, the former upon an ancient silver salver, the latter in a loving cup "I wreathed with flowers. The late Mr', Justice! Hill, travelling, the summer circuit in 1858, stopped this old English practice, by informing the Mayor of Ludlow, by previous letter, that, owing to the delay (I) occasioned, her Majesty's judges would not stop at Ludlow to receive, the wonted hospitality The mayor and corpora- tion were offended, and did not offer to renew the ancient courtesy. We observe, however, that Baron Huddlestone has revived the custom, and lunched in state with the Mayor, of Ludlow on the recent Oxford Summer Circuit while travelling between Shrewsbury and Hereford., Not long before the time just adverted to the judge invariably. took his carriage on circuit, and even rode in it frequently on the railway truck, with his marshal, in solitary grandeur. He posted in it also from town to town, drawn by four horses, and by ancient custom no one was allowed to pass him on the road, When he reached the border of the county in which his assize was to be holden, he was met by the sheriff with full cavalcade of javelin men, trumpeters, etc., and stopped from his own carriage into that of the high sheriff, having previously, whilst journeying, donned his wig and black silk gown. The bar might not ride in any public conveyance, nor put up at any inn or tavern in the assize town. All this is now abolished, and the ruthless "iron horse" and palatial hotel have levelled all such distinctions, just as the recent provisions of the Judicature Bill have plucked the venerable "coin" from the judge's wig, and torn the " Serjeant's tipped" from his shoulder ! Who shall say when the abolition of the ? solemn opening of the commission" and "churching of the judges" shall not in its turn come about; the high sheriff, javelin men, and trumpeters be dispensed with; curled horsehair and ermine be amongst the things of the past ?? Leisure Hour. 