THE MYSTERIES OF : CRIME; °Ej The' Exeebieitges or ak Ediitbuegh 'f';. ■;1 Eeeeotite.—No. LXX3X. !"f[i?ubii$hed by special arrangement with the hjj i'Sc I i .{}! • ' Author.] . ] •* i; *< • I - ' ■"RUN TO EARTH—THE LAST OF -.M = ■ THE RUFFIAN. On the same night and about the same hour that Simon Penbank was feeling the power of an artless and innocent child, the It i(Ran," a^ few streets further south, was \- making-'a series of experiments and prepara tions which must have struck a novice as /Both curious and mysterious. Apparently -he had'now given up all hope of finally /evading. the dozens on his tracks—he had -one /debt to pay—he might be nipped up at ihny moment, and he therefore worked with a haste and boldness worthy of a better i cause., He ;was preparing for a last stroke Ibefore either: submitting to imprisonment .or/escaping from the locality. His neck, as , yet, was safe—Mr. McGregor, being in a fair sway towards recovery; to keep it so and at the same time commit murder, with Mclndoefor tthe victim, appeared to have been now hissole aim.. -I might make many a reflection on the!strange fatality of the "last grand stroke" which seems to lure criminals, even on the very brink of the gallows, to destruction, but a glance at the title of this sketch is la sufficient comment. But to commit a murder and yet remain scathless is' no; easy task—no matter what people may chntihually din into our ears as to the efficiency of the police—and to accomplish the crime his time was hot only in danger Of i being. limited, but' his funds were ab solutely ; nowhere. Observe, then, the rapipity %ith which his keen wits enabled him to arrange the details. With better training the man might have accomplished something worthy of admiration, and become not a wild beast, but a blessing to the world. Instead of at once giving his curious oc cupation at the moment when Penbaiik was being pulled up by a child's tiny arm, to drift henceforth steadily in another direc tion, for the reader's comfort I will go back to the time of his desperate leap from the flying train.. While Mclndoe and myself were flying in the mail train miles upon miles from Edinburgh, the Ruffian was limping back in. the direction he had come, not much the worse of the jump bodily, but with every one of his evil passions ablaze against the man who had so often thwarted his best nlans. Every article of value in his pos-. session—with the exception of the knife stolen from Mr. McGregor and the clothes he wore—was gone with that one wrench on the top of the train. He could not go near a single thieves' haunt without danger of being instantly pounced upon and delivered up—he did not dream of com mitting a robbery of any kind in broad daylight—and yet without money he could procure, no shelter. What, then, was to be done ? He slunk round the city debating the point, and finally settled it when he got in at the south side. Slipping into a pawn shop, he took off the overcoat he wore and offered it in pledge. The coat was a good one, and, after a deal of haggling, he at. last got six shillings upon it, and left. Two hours after the coat was picked up by one of our staff, identified at a glance, and removed, along with the assistant who had taken it in, to the Office. We had now, certain knowledge that the man had re-, turned to Edinburgh; but there, in spite.of every vigilance and keen hunting, our knowledge for the present ended." Mean while the Ruffian had only gone round to Richmond-street; and, seeing a " Lodgings" ticket sticking out from the window of a top flat suitable for his purpose, he went up and asked to see the room. The woman, a respectable hard-working widow, took him. in without suspicion—a fact not surprising, seeing that he had now removed the old man's wig from his head, and strutted in Mr. McGregor's best suit of superfine blacks. At a glance, the woman set him down as a Jew, and his first words seemed to confirm the opinion. " I am a traveller visiting -Edinburgh on, business for a few weeks; and I .want a room, cheap, and with a good out-look. He o-lanced steadily at the room and it9 contents; but what surprised the woman was that he appeared more anxious about the outside of it than any of the comforts within. He very deliberately opened the window, and scrutinised long and anxiousiy the cornice or ornamental ridge running alon"- underneath the window to the root of the next house, which happened to be a storey lower iu height. Then, apparently satisfied, he came in, closed the window, and, after a long haggle, engaged the room at 5s. a week, half of which he paid in ad vance, as a kind of security, he loftly re marked, "till his luggage should arrive. This done, he expended a shilling 011 food, and then lav down and slept so soundly, from sheer "exhaustion, till 8 o clock ; at Hi<rht, that the landlady became alarmed an°d woke him. I mention these stem .and pure facts, not only to put the real position of things before the reader, but to show that the " glorious ease" and vaunted hap piness" of great criminals are the most at trocious lie and deceptive myth that ever polluted this earth; and that they who Jaint criminal life otherwise are the most pernicious of romancers. The Human, though a good deal startled at the call, smiled grimly when the woman called him a " sound sleeper." «I am a sound sleeper, as you may had before long," he impressively remarked. "Remember this, every nigk.at 10 oclock I lock my room door and go to sleep; and on no account must I-be roused before ,8 o'clocknext morning. Will you remember i The woman stared, but gave the required promise, aud afterwards remarked, when describing her new lodger to the S^en' o-rocer at the foot of the stair, that ; lkae Jews, eveu when they're weel oft, are the maist fyky folk I ever had to deal wi --a triflin0* remark in itself* tut destined to lead to something in the hands of Symon Penbank. , „ , ,. ' Precisely at 10 o'clock, after taking some supper, the Ruffian locked his room door; and shortly after the light went out and nil was still. But he was neither in bed nor asleep. He merely waited patiently tin every one else was asleep in the house, and then softly opening his'window he got opt on the stone ledge—scarcely six inches broad—and walked steadily along to the roof of the next house. Nearly every window opposite was dark or blinded, and he imagined that his movements in the pitch darkness were unseen, hut such, was ; not the case. A sick, bed-ridden, woman, in a garret opposite saw nearly all his | movements. But she neither wondered nor gave any alarm. : " It's only some students at their mad. pranks,", she said to herself.'., She had after I wards good reason to think otherwise. , i Arrived at the roof, of the next house, ! the Ruffian crossed the pinnacle to the i other side, and felt the hatch leading down 1 to the stair carefully all over. It wa| strongly fastened with an iron staple and padlock on the other side. He wrenched at it, prized at it, and sweated and cursed over it till he was black in the faqe; butm t,o;p—the hatch would not yield, Con vinced of i^is at last, he seated himself on Spates it,"* W/jMwrf* cut away the soft woow around the fisteu inffs of the staple till only.1 , Lid the nails, which cmiW thus h, wrenched away at a moments notice. ThJS done, he gathered up every atom of a chip or shaving, pocketed them, and got back to his room once more by means of the le<The only thing of' importance that oc curred next day was that he complained to the widow of feeling cold the night before, and asked the loan of some old clothes some moleskin's which had belonged to he* husband—to throw on top of _the bed. Then at ten. o'clock, as before, the widow heard him lock his room door ; and shortly after she herself locked and barred the, outer door of the house—removing the key and placing it for safety under her own pillow—and was soon fast asleep. About two hours after this—that is, close ■ upon midnight—Mclndoe and! were stapd-. ing at that part of the Potterrow where Milton's Entry leads through to Bristo stxeet, cobyersipg fpr a few moments hrfqre finally pajr^g iorjt^e pigkh We fiadheep on the hunt together the whole clay long, and were not only thoroughly tired out,, hut beginuing to despair of success as well. Of the two, however, I am constrained to. admit Mclndoe was by far the most fear less and confident as to the issue ; while as for .danger to himself he positively scouted the idea. "What harm can he do me?" he had carelessly, remarked to me that very after noon. " Kill me ? What, then ? My life is of no value, and he would certainly he hung after it, so my debt would be paid off as effectively as if I myself had strangled him." . " Keep, a sharp look-out—-that's the best advice I can give you. Remember his last I. words when he leaped from the train," I .now said to him, as I shook hands for the last time before going through the entry towards my own home. "I will—but he will know better than to come near me," was his reply, and thus with a hearty good-night we parted—he going leisurely along the Potterrow in the direction of the Horse ,Wynd, and I striding through the-entry towards Charles-street • I had scarcely left his side for three seconds when, by some unaccountable im pulse, I ran back to the street to catch him if possible, and give him some direction as to next day's work which had escaped my memory. .Looking along the dark and narrow street, I could just discern his figure and no more. He was passing a common stair, which, by some peculiarity in the building, jutted out on the pavement close to the gutter, and just as his coat sleeve touched the open lintels in passjng I 9aw him stagger back as if he had been shot —rierht into the middle of the causeway— giving out a sudden scream of agony, and then throwing his arms wildly about before he dropped on the ground. I -ran like lightning, thinking he had taken a fit, though it afterwards struck me that the stagger was more as if he had been suddenly pushed back from the stair-mouth by some one with a strong arm ; and, as I did so,!my eye, from resting on his stricken figure, was for a moment, and a moment only, taken up by what appeared the shadow of a man, attired in moleskins or some such light-colored apparel, vanish round the jutting, stair into the darkness beyond. , The glimpse was so transient, and the action so unlikely under the circum stances, that for an instant I put it down as a kind of ocular deception; but when I reached Mclndoe's side my eyes were opened. "The Ruffian! The Ruffian!" he gurglingly gasped out, pressing his hand ■on his side, from which the dark blood was now welling in a hot stream. "I'm stabbed, and he has done it. Leave—me— get—him !" and with the last words pain fully. groaned out he fainted away in my arms. I could not leave him, much as I wished to pursue his sudden and invisible assailant, but with desperate strength I managed to raise him in my arms, and run with him as far as Collegerstreet, whence a policeman helped me the remainder of the distance to the Infirmary. A hurried statement of this man while we were on the way to the In firma-ry coincided in a .remarkable degree witli my own ideas as to the dress of the assailant. Only a few seconds before I ap peared he had seen a man in moleskins dash round the corner from:the Potterrow at an extraordinary speed, and vanish down Drummond-street like a flying spectre. Leaving Mclndoe in the hands of the doctor and nurses—with the addition of Nosie as soon as he should arrive—I went straight to the houses of the principal men on the staff, and together, we organised a plan for a systematic scouring of the whole city for the fugitive. Now, I daresay if we had only been allowed time we would have come upon some traces of the quarry; hut our plan was slow as well as sure, and be fore we were well begun, another was on the trail—one whose scent was to prove ; keener than all ours put together. That other was Simon Penbank. It happened that my part in the hunt was to try to discover any one who had lent, sold, or in any way furnished another with a suit of moleskins; and though in the weary task I was anything but successful, the hunt at least brought, one good thing about—a chance meetings with the seedy spy at the door of a broker in the Pleasance. " Have you heard the news ?" I abruptly began, too concerned to notice that he wore an unusually.elated and happy expression of countenance. . - " I have not," ■ he replied with a bow. "The fact is, I have, to-day been engaged in a new line—working—behold! a shilr,, ling!" and he held out the silver coin triumphantly, in his hand. "Start not, my dear Jamie ; and do not trouble yourself to dilate those detective nostrils with that peculiar sniff—the coin is good—sterling— ; and my own,-honestly earned. A friend of mine m the, Opwgate had another friend, who had some accounts to deliver—I de livered them," and behold—twelvepence !" and he displayed the solitary coin with more exultation and glee than I liad before seen him; show in exhibiting a sovereign won by treachery. . ; • ■ . "What!" I esaflaimed,! so startled and incredulous, as to forget for the "moment my immediate business. "Do you mean, to tell me that any one trusted you to draw • monev for them ?" " "The accounts were not receipted," was the smiling and undisturbed reply. " But in one case I was requested, to sign it, and actually received the money.". • " Pid you steal it, then P"; I. coolly en quired, .fully expecting a floating affirma tive " Sir, you speak in ignorance, and I ■for-' give you," , was the dignified rejoinder. " When last me met, my dear Jamie, I iwas a. thief-rnow; I am an honest man !" Indeed ?" J sneered, grinning out; into a laugh. " There is one particular at least in which you stick to . your old profession— you aire a great, liar." " Wrong again—I am not lying, and I did not steal the'money, but delivered it safely into the hands of my employer. " Listen," and wjtb uncommon earnestness he proceeded to lay before mp. fhpdetails embodied in the last skefch. I heard tfie story in silence; and without commient, having little faith in any permar; nent change in Such a hardened ami Veil seasoned rascal, and then suddenly remem bered tbb question I had put at first, , " '" I have beard.nothing of Mclndoe nor iof, any of tb.fi profession—I, am nowof am 'oth'er world—the world pf ibpnesty," was his grave reply. . : : "Then he's stabbed by the Ruffian, and lying at death's ,door almost," I abruptly put in. "I'm on the hunt for him now, and if diligence and patience can accom plish his capture I mean to expend them freely." ."Good.God!" _ . . It was all he said, and he staggered back, as if for once he was really concerned about the misfortune of another. "Stabbed, did you say?" he faintly gasped at last. " Who saw it ? Where was it done ? For Heaven's sake, tell me all about it.", - His face, as I gradually disclosed the facts so far as they were known to me, was a strange study. Slowly and surely it lighted up with a determination and flushed eagerness that I had never before seen among its pimples; and then when I had finished he grasped me tightly by the hand. "If any detective powers possessed by me will land the murderous scoundrel in the salt box it shall be done!" he cried, " Mclndoe has been kind to me—more so than any human being—and I will fight for him in return though I should lose my own life in the struggle! There, that's, more than I ever said before, and my life is of some value now, for I have some one to live for — namely, Steve Penbank, my adopted grandson. I have vowed to bring him up to honesty and a useful life, and I could not keep the oath if the Ruffian pre sented me with six inches of cold steel— which he would do as soon as look at me. Yes, all now depends on his being run to earth." ; These words chine out in a hurried, excited gabble, quite unlike his usual dainty and perspicuous talk—which I cotild liken to nothing but a man stepping gingerly among eggs—and his enthusiasm uncon sciously communicated itself to me. For the first time in my life I shook tli9 mans hand without a loathing shudder. One quick and emphatic statement of his rather pulled me back. "You have searched, among thieves, fences, and brokers for some one who might .have lent him the moleskins—you might Have saved yourself the trouble. He might as well walk into the Office as go near any of them—the whole hue and cry is against him, and he knows, it. , Now, mark me, my opinion is that he has got them from some honest, unsuspicious laborer.. More, the stabbing was done in the Potterrow—lie ran off bv College-street and Drummond street — believing mmselj unseen, vv en, the pawnshop where the overcoat was left and found is only a street off from, the same place, and he would naturally take the quickest cut for shelter. 'Take my advice, look for him somewhere round about that quarter. You know how he deceived Mr. McGregor:—believe me he has got nestled into some honest man's family, or some: decent lodging-house, where they don't take in papers, and are not likely to suspect hi3 real character. Why, it would be. his only chance—between that and the bleak hills he would have no choice. Come on now, let's take the streets together—go over them stair by stair, flat by flat, and meet every half hour at a given point." The proposal was so eagerly and confi dently given, that though not at all con vinced of the soundness of his deductions, I at once agreed, and we separated at the foot of Adam-street to our difficult task." It was now dusk, but that made little differ ence to us, as some of the stairs we had to explore were nearly as dark by day as at night. Nothing of importance turned up with either of us, till Simon Penbank turned into a green-grocer's in. Richmond street, where his stereotyed manoeuvres at last elicited something like a clue. " A beautiful evening,-ma'am," he sweetly began, bowing profoundly. " I will take a ha'p'orth of peppermint balls, if you please'. 1 find them good for killing a crave for something stronger. Thank you, ma'am. Yes, it is a remarkably fine night—cold, but very clear for November. Moleskin clothes, I believe, are very good for keeping out the cold—do you not hear any of your numerous customers say so ?" " My customers is maistly women," laugh ingly returned the woman, " and there's nane o' them wears moleskins." " True, true—ha, ha! A very good joke that of yours, Mrs. Grocer," graciously re turned Simon, .with1'.a look of great sim plicity, "but their husbands—p'r'aps you have heard their opinion on the subject?"; ' " I dinna. ken onybody that wears mole skins aboot here," said the woman, begin ning to wonder, probably, at his persistence. " There was that consumptive auld mason "dt the tap o' the stair used to wear them— but he's deid." "Ah, dead—em—that's unfortunate," saddfPenbank, gravely stroking his chin, as if the question at stake had been a serious one.- " And I suppose now he hasn't got' a successor?" " What's that ?" asked the woman, simply. "Ha, ha! very good, Mrs. Grocer," pleasantly laughed Penbank in a way that made her think she had said something witty. "You woman folks have always the advantage of us poor men. By a suc cessor I mean, of course, as you' know, another man in the house." . f Houts ! is that a' ? Na, na—she'll never marry again—man she's an auld- body that lives by keeping lodgers, and daein' a bit sewin'noo an' again. There's no a man in th'ehouse the noo but a daft Jew that's ta'en her room-for a week or- twa." , A what !" < • The words came out with a shout; Pen bank had'staggered back white to the lips,' and with every banter and smjle driven in a flash' from his cunning face. 1 The woman was frightened at the sudden change, and gave slight scream. "A: Jew, I said," she stammered out. " There's nathing wrang in that is there ?" j — "Nothing in the'word; my dear madam; nothing in the world," hastily rejoined Simon, recovering himself in1, a moment; " You will excuse my start when I tell you the cause. lam in search'of a dear'friend —a Jew, quite a young1 man—to' whom quitea considerable debt is owing, but who persistently refuses to accept of the same, Oh, happiness! if my dear friend- is found at last! Excuse- this emotion, ma'am1—1 this excitement and haste—but believe me, your information' shall not go unrewarded, The stair, you said, was quite close at hand,' did you nqt ? . I positively long to clasp : him in these arms." ' 1 "Jist at the door there—the tap flat,": -said the woman, beginning, I regret to say,' • to. think- Penbank an escaped lunatic, and not sorry to' see him away. " Follow: your hqse up the stair, an' ye cannU miss the doqr." §imon needed' no second telling. In one; ipinnte-he stood panting on the top flaf, of! the stair, applying a gentle ;knopk; to the door of the house in which the Ruffian at. that moment lay hidden. The door was opened by the widow herself, who was in stantly drawn outside by the excited spy, who addressed her in a whisper— " Excuse me, madame, hut I believe you have a J ew lodging in this house. I am in search of a friend who has failed to for ward me his address, and whom I hope to find identical with the gentleman in your room. Tell me, did he bring anything into the house, with him—bundles, bags, luggage ?" •" Not a rag—his luggage is no come yet," was the astonished woman's reply. " He hadn't, for instance, a suit of mole skins with him ?" "No," " Nor you didn't lend him a suit to put on ?" ' " No." The woman told a lie; but I am con vinced she did it unconsciously. At the moment probably she had quite forgotten the fact of lending her lodger the old things "to throw ort top of his bed," and it was certainly true that she did not lend him them "to put on." The mistake was a natural one, but it bothered Penbank; though not nearly so much as her next answer, which dompletely staggered him. " When did he come in last night ?" he faintly asked. " He never was out all day." "Well, when did he'go out at night?" impatiently-pursued Penbank. T "He never was out all night; he went to bed at 10 o'clock, after locking his door, as he always does, and didn't rise till 8 this morning." " You're sure of that ?" Penbank's last hope was vanishing. " Quite sure—I could swear it. I lockit the ooter door mysel' at half after 10, an' had the key alow my pilly a' nicht; so he couldna hae gae oot unless he gaed through the .keyhole." - Penbank was staggered, but he had so built himself up on the discovery and capture that he could not relinquish it without a struggle. He questioned the widow minutely—turned everything upside down and inside out—found out everything about her lodger—his appearance, the clothe's he wore, and the exact amount of money he had been known to expend, and in all the facts tallied with those already in his possession; but the locked doors were a dead case of alibi; and very slowly and reluctantly Penbank was forced to give in,, and retire. In a dreamy mechanical way, he got down the stairs and into the street once-more, and then took a despairing glance up at the window ticketed—" Lodgings." " Had the window been on the slates, I could have still believed the Jew and; the ^ Ruffian to be one; but from that window f there is no escape, even for a monkey—not a -solitary gutter or pipe that he could have clung to. But, stop, there's a ledge of stone under the window, broad enough for a foot hold ; standing on that, and blessed with a stronger nerve than I possess,' one might easily walk the short distance to the ad joining roof, and . that, if it has an open or j unfastened ' hatch, would complete the means of exit. Let me explore the next stair—the hatch may confirm my idea." The twilight was deepening.rapidly,,hut there was .still sufficient for his purpose; and, without a moment's delay, he turned into the next stair, and reached the top flat, where, by climbing oh the wooden railing, he raised himself to a level with the hatch, which, he had no sooner glanced at—freshly cut away as it was with a knife, and the staple' wrenrihed off and dangling loose— than he dropped down on the stair with a whoop ol delight, " Blast him and his devilish cunning, I thought so 1" he breathlessly exclaimed; " it is the Ruffian after all ? He little thought that it was not the police alone, but Simon Penbank against whom he bad pitted his wits. Now for a grand swoop a' royal pounce!" ' He was down the stair with extraor dinary swiftness—intending to look for me and then visit the Ruffian—but while he had been prying and investigating, another —the principal man concerned—-had not been idle. ■"■■■''■ The Ruffian had heard the subdued whispering at the door, had sniffed danger in a moment, arid as soon as possible after the closing of the outer door had sauntered carelessly into the widow's kitcheri and gleaned an outline of the facts. Then his frightful oaths and convulsed face alriiost drove the poor woinan into fits, and before, she knew where she was he was opt of the house and down the stair like aflashv, Thus it was that, just as Penbank de-" scerided the last of the "stairs, arid was about to walk out of the entry, he saw a form and face flash past its mouth, which, uncertain' as was the mingled light of gloaming and street lamps, he instantly recognised as that of the Ruffian. Right' ' out south he ' glided at a1 pace that almost took the breath opt of the body of the spy gliding' in' his wake, ' through Richrhorid stfeet "and JSt. . Leonard's 'towards foe. Queen's Park. ' ' . ' : Penbank'groaned as he saw the direction,'' but brightened a little as he came in sight of St. Leonard's Police Station, with the ■Inspector standing bareheaded at the door. " McGovan's about ' Richmond-street somewhere,' hastily! panted out the spy, pausing1 in his run, ff Get lnria at once—I'm after the'Ruffian, who stabbed Mclndoe.last 'might, arid he's gone1 down towards the Queehjs Park". Send, as many men; down after me as'you cari get, jarid telegraph at orice to tlj.e High Qffice^gujck 1" apd he was off ,almQ3t before,, the, old man had 'flrriwri a':bre'ath,. (. .V'j1 > fDbwn at'the.Parh he pgaip caught sight of the' gliding' shadow of t the, hunted,. man cutting along St. Leonard^ Hill, arid, past the '' Echoing. Stane" towards, Hunter's Bog. " At the top of the slope running down to the; Bog itselffo'e, lost the, figure, but lubkily' stumbled, suddenly on one of the Parkraigefsi"s. > " Cut along Ihe fa|e .'bf the hill by the 5" ath arid intercept, ir .jjossible, a man-la ewT-^fiying ^towards ^the, "W^hinny, Hill 1!'. he shouted.''" The police .are after, him. If you meet^any one, s^nd'them to. the gates with wbrd,to' stop'all. snroicibrifllcharacters, and ditectidris'to' the tpolice'where to find.mg." _ ' '""A"' 'The hmn'paii' fofollphjpg pndep Arthur's eat, aridjPienbariklpimiged withopt, hesi Seat, f tation1 down "towards the jdrieqry yalleyl There we found him pql4ng'pbQut ^mong the'spfing-Wells, whins, and rocky corners, and the shqpt.of joy he gaye when .the great-cqated fopns apd shjpipgbtyt? ,qf foe swarm of poiiceriapp blF8t PE9P hjs yiew T^',s9foetinn'g'ip''|^' fofoenfobJSfJ..,• , ; . It was .quite dark now, but the moon was "gathering strength, and as another party headed by McSweenv were entering the valley by the other end, the chances of the fugitive to escape were becoming fewer and fewer, if, as Peiibank insisted, he really had not left the valley, having been intercepted and chased back at the other end by two of the rangers. " I saw him about here," said the excited spy, poking anxiously about in the ditch, about a foot wide, that drained the valley from end to end. " I'm certain it was he; but the moment I sighted him a great stone caught my feet and took me down on my face, and in that brief moment he vanished." " Spread the.men out on every side, and let the ditch be. raked from end to end," I quickly ordered; and the thing was scarcely done, and the ditch raked by; Penbank and myself for some twenty yards, when the Ruffian rose, dripping and muddy, iron: among the rushes and dashed straight up the brae—the. only unguarded point—in the direction of the disused quarry.^;T?he shout echoing out behind him he answered with a snarl like that of 'a hunted wolf; but in' stead of flying down into the quarry, as I had expected, he cut round it and took a slant towards the edge of Salisbury Craigs. Almost to the last—half-way down the valley—I could see his figure clear against the sky; but when Lhad reached the top of the hill—within fifty feet of the flying man—with the policemen swarmitig up on every side, he vanished! Yes, how he went, or where 'he went I could not for the life of me guess; but he disappeared like a shot, or a ghost among moonlight. We backed, halted, surrounded the spot on every side, searched it minutely all over, but could find not a trace of the Ruffian or the means he had used to elude us. At last some one said— " P'r'aps he stumbled and fell over the rocks, and may be now lying smashed into atoms down on the Radical Road?" : I thought the thing unlikely, but in stantly sent a party round to explore; but in an hour they returned- with the news that not a trace of him living or dead was to be found from; the onetend of the path to the other. Still unsatisfied; I got lights and made the -.round myself, -'and then the whole mystery- was revealed. Not on the path, , but on a-ledge of the precipiee about seven feet above it, a ghastly white face bung backwards over the [rock, .? with dangling bail- and, features even in [death convulsed like those of a, mangled tiger; and in tbe face l at, once recognised that of the bunted man. He bad , stumbled in cutting along too peax tbe -edge, and gone over bead foremost, plump down on the ledge, where with a fractured skull and broken neck all that remained, of him now lav; a thing to shiver and.sbudder at. The body was removed ip. the course- of the night, and in the' morning, I'myself took the news in to Mclndoe in , the in firmary. To my surprise he clasped his hands, burst into tears, and said— " I can die now—peacefully—happily.", But he was not to die .f dr. all that. Nosie-1 and the nurses, and the doctor, and his own wonderfully tough system pulied him steadily through; and in a few weeks he was again walking like a grey shadow through the streets. There for the present I will leave him; and say a last'word .about Simon Penbank. , ,' ' ■ The detective skill shown by him in' this last affair called from my lips' the sugges tion that he would make a capital detective. The hint was instantly leaped at,' but I at once damped his ardor by cdolly adding— ".Of course in Edinburgh,' or ' even in England, such a thing is out" of- the ques tion—no one would trust you for a 'moment in such an onerous position. But in America—there's the field for your .genius. New York abounds in rogues even greater than yourself, and as the authorities. are not over particular you cap easily "get on the stiff with a very few recommendations from this side of the water.' OnCe'in office, I'll back you to stand your ground against any one.'" ! "But you, my dear Jamie/'put'in the subtle flatterer with a sffiile—" against 'any one but you; However, I will give your suggestion my gravest consideration.'' The hint was eventually acted1 upon—and the spring found Simon Penbank, Esquire, with his " grandson" Steve Penbank, on board a: clipper of the Black Ball lane, bound for New York. I wish.I had. room to detail his various successes 'in the land of his' adoption; How he rosfe steadily— was transplanted to Louisville-^became lieutenant of police—and finally rPse to ;the magistracy1 itself. "But time arid 'apace for bid; • With his gracious bow and; grand air, his smirking smile and sublime; dignity, he now passes from' my skeiuhes, and will' be heard of no more.; I can r neydr,'think of this remarkable reformation and,the means by which it ^vas' effected, withPut Remem bering the words, pf one pf the* Oid (Testa ment prophets—, , . ' ; "A Little Child,' shall Li^p.',THg.M:.'' (To lecontinued.). , 