A telegram was received in Mel bourne a few days ago relating how Sir Michael Hicks-Bench had been naked by a deputation of non-resident Vic- torinns to remonstrate with the Gov ernor for having consented to sign warrants for the .payment of public money, under the 45th clause of the constitution, on the votes of the Assem bly alono, and how Sir Michael Hicks- Beach ns good as promised the deputa tion thnt lie would give him special instructions for his guidance on ' nil future occasions. Though the source from which the information Iirb come is not unnaturally looked upon with sus picion and mistrust, the mere possibility of its beiug correct and authentic was enough to excite a feeling of something like consternation nnd surprise. What could it mean ? was the question which was asked by people of all shades of opinion. Interpreted literally, it means that the Secretary of State for the Colonics has in his portfolio a scheme for abolishing responsible" government in Victoria, and substituting a govern ment by bureaucracy, of which the bureau or head ofiice should be situated some fourteen thousand miles away in -Downing-stveet. Hitherto tb,e colonists have been led to believe that they have' as much right to Parliamentary institutions in their fullest sense as though they resided in Middlesex ; in other words, that they brought their politicnl privileges as ifnglishmen with them when they left England for A us tralia. A policy of non intervention, we have been sedulously told, is the policy of the Colonial Office. - Except in matters affecting Imperial interests her Majesty's Ministers in London re pudiated till claim to dictate to her Majesty's Ministers in Melbourne. The Coventor stands to the latter in the same relation as the Queen her self stands to tho former. Ho is as much tho head of the political system iu the ono conn try as the Queen is in tho other. The Queen must take the advice of her Ministers in all things, as long as her Ministers enjoy the confidence of Parliament nnd the country, and so too must the Governor under similar circumstances. This has been the old-fashioned theory of respon sible government up to the timo of Sir Michael Hicks-Bench ; and if Sir Michael Hicks-Beach proposes to sanc tion any deviation from the ordinary practice he must be prepared to do nothing less than alter the constitution under which we live. To give instruc tions to the Governor to do something which his responsible Minister? advise him not to do is in point of fact to abrogate Ministerial government al together. In effect it is to make Par- liament the merest ghost of a name, nnd to reduce the act of exercising the suffrage to n farce. We may go through the farce, the electors of We3t Melbourne may return Sir Bryan O'Loglilen at the head of the poll, nnd Sir Bryan O'Loglilen may tako his seat in the Assembly or at the Cabinet table and disenss measures which he aud his party believe to.be for the good of the people, but it does not follow that the measures will beoome . law because the people have given their voice for them. There is another voice to be consul ted, the voice of the Secretary of State for the time being, who is to he the real guide of the Governor, and wlio hy the newly-extended system of instructions is practically to supersedo both him, his Ministers, the Parlia ment which elected them, and the peo ple which elected the Parliament. ' "Wo do not know that we have ex aggerated the effect of Sir Michael Hicks- Beach's proposals, presuming thnt he was serious when he disclosed them to the deputation. But we aro quite certain that no language that we can use could give him an exaggerated idea of the difficulties he would have to surmount before he could put them into practice. Though there is very much that is clumsy and philosophically imperfect in what is known as representative go vernment, though the machinery for working it produces far too much of jar and conflict and consequent waste of force to be strictly defensible on high a priori grounds, nevertheless it has become an appanage of the Anglo-Faxon race, and we do not think that they will consent to give it up without a struggle, whether they live in the southern hemisphere or in the northern. Indeed, to speak candidly, wo do not think that any English statesman living harbors any thought of asking them to give it up. It is simply a libel on Sir Michael ITicks-Beach to attribute any such design to him as tiie telegraphist and the depntationists between them would have us do. At the snrae time we can quite conceive that they seriously believe that lie is going to put himself in the place of Sir George Bo wen to please them. If he reads the newspapers which represent tl.'em in Melbourne, lie will find himself solicited not only to instruct liim when he requires to be instructed, lint to provide him witli a provisionary codo ol instructions which shall exhaust all the possibilities of disturbance. In the jargon used by these people, it is asked that " the Secretary of State will " be pleased to give her Majesty's ro- " presentative in this colony plain and "definite instructions, so that in the " struggle that we see looming in the " immediate future we may not again " find the Crown abetting revolution." How the Crown enn properly be said to abet revolution, when its representative carefully adopted the only conduct that could possibly have prevented it, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach is wise enough to discover for himself. But he will be more than a wise man, he will be nothing less than a prophet, if lie con issue definite instruc tions concerning an event which has not occurred, and which he there fore cannot define. The event against which he is required to provide is, of course, the reform of the constitution, which the people of Victoria will re quire the Queen's representative to assist them iu passing intQ law, and the Queen herself to ratify. Why it should portend " a struggle looming in the dis- " tanco " is a point on which we cannot enlighten him. It is a reform which has been demonstrated to be necessary by the recent deadlock between the two Chambers of Parliament ; and it will be carefully designed to prevent revolution nnd not to abet it. If we have been anywhere near a revolution ic is because the constitution has been pronounced to he unworkable by all parties \ and it is therefore a contradiction on the face of it to call a measure for making it workable revolutionary. Gn the con trary, such a measure is strictly Conser vative both in its spirit and its pur- pose ; for one effect it must have will be to conserve the good feeling which has hitherto existed between the mother country and the colonists. Viewed in that light, we may claim the sympathy of the English Secretary of State for it rather than anticipate any resistance to it, for it will not oiily save liim the trouble of writing instructions to tlm Queen's representative on sub jects which he cannot possibly under stand on their merits, but it will place the Queen's representative himself in a safe and impregnable position, in which he will not need to be instructed. All Sir Michael Hicks-Beach's trouble with tho deputation nnd their prayer, like nil Sir George Bowen's bother over Sir William Mitchell and his letters, hns arisen out of the fact that neither the Secretary ot State nor the Governor are able to say exactly what the Constitution Act of Victoria is and what it is not. To make its meaning clear, and prevent the pos sibility of misinterpreting it in the future, is what the Berry Government propose to do, and if any " struggle" comes of their doing what they propose we venture to predict that Sir Michael Ilicks Beach will he shrewd enough to reognise the authors of it, and refuse to side with them. The Gazelle, which was issued last night, and which con tains tbe re-appointment of the judges and magistrates who were dismissed, as Lord Canterbury put it in his des patches, because the Upper House declined to give the form of law to the Appropriation Bill of the year, and so virtually dispensed with their services, will convince him, if anything can, that a reform bill that shall prevent the re currence of such a catastrophe is a political necessity to be legislated for at any risk. In directing attention recently to the mutual advantages likely to arise by the adoption of a reciprocity Customs treaty between "Victoria and Queensland, it was not intended to restrict the opera tion of the policy to a single colony. In the past we have urged consistently tho extension of this treaty system to all of the colonies who are in a position to offer Victoria advantages similar to those she can confer. The position of this colony at tho present moment — notwithstanding tbo depreciatory state ments of certain patriotic fieo-tradors who are fond of decrying tho country in which they live — is that it com mands the trade of the Australasias, in cluding New Zealand. Having the largest population, we take rank as the principal consuming as well as produc ing colony, and thus we offer to our neighbors the best mart for the disposal of their staple products. Having, however, gained knowledge from the recent experience of Great Britain that the way to develope our industrial re sources is not to heedlessly throw open our ports and invite com petition from every country and colony, who ia return tux our products or manufactures when offered in their markets, we propose to deal with the subject of interchange in a manner which may be mutually beneficial. It is simply childish to talk of trade being hampered by such action. The fact that English writers on economy are puzzled from a Iree-trade standpoint to account for the results which most un mistakably ."unreciprocated free trade" 1ms induced in Groat Britain, is suf ficient in itself to prove that tho policy of reciprocity is the only one compatible with due recognition of the demands of consumers aud producers. These two classes are indeed so closely allied that any neglect of the interests of the latter must involve the welfare of the former ; to protect both, to harmonise and con centrate them, is the direct object of a policy of reciprocity. We cannot hope to grow sugar canes in Victoria, and it is just as much ngainBt climatic iawB to seek to introduce white factory labor in a colony like Queensland, hence we have at once n starting point for reciprocity. Let ns look, however, to our position as regarda another of the Australian group of colonies — Tasmania. The desirability of a Customs Union or commercial treaty between ourselves and our island neighbor appears to have suggested itself, not only to the manu facturers and merchants of Melbourne, but to the business men of Hobart Town. We can oiler much to Tasmania, and no doubt can receive a good deal in return. A.t present she levies a duty on our manufactures of metals, including agricultural tools and implements, on earthenware, woollens, brushes, wheat, flour and a lavge number of goods, not only manufactured and produced in Vic toria, but largely imported from the port of Melbourne, to Bnpply the wants of the Hobnrt Town and Launceston markets. On tho other hand, Tasmania ships almost all her surplus supplies of dressed timber, including palings, shingles, laths, ifcc., hops, oats, barley, greon fruits, itc., to Melbourne for sale. Now, with regard to the first item we have enumerated — timber — nothing can he clenror than that the infliction of this duty — which wo opposed at the time of proposal — has - done more harm to the country ns a whole than any small local benefit it may have conferred. Doubtless it lias assisted to accelerate the destruction of or large forests, and contributed its quota towards increas ing the severity of our seasons, particu larly in time of drought. What actual good it has produced besides finding work for a certain number of men who could be better and more profitably em ployed in planting instead of destroying is problematical. Again, the major proportion of the hops grown in 1 as- munia already find their way into our mnrkot. Our own production is not only limited, but, from the pecu liarity of our climate and soil, likely to remain so ; whilst the' uncertainty of the crops, the necessity of constant irri gation' during growtii, and the outlay in preparing the same for market, are all against the industry of hop-grow- iug finding much favor in Victoria. The 3d. per lb. wo now charge on the Tas- manian hops might fairly be removed without inflicting any loss on the commu nity, that some corresponding reduction in favor of Victorian manufactures in the Tasmnflian tariff would not compen sate. Oats and barley aro yearly declining in favor with the Victorian farmer. Our weekly contemporai-y, The Leader, lins lately drawn special notice to this fact, heDce the interests of tho consumers demand consideration. But as our agriculturist iB adopting wheat as his almost universal crop, Tasmania can reciprocate by remitting the lUd. per cental now levied on all imports of Victorian wheat, and the Is. per cental on Victorian flour to balance the difference. The squabble over the introduction of green fruit free need hardly bo continued. Our gardens and orchards are now so matured, and pro duce so largely, that the cost of transit and packing is quite a sufficient pro tection. On the other hand, our woollens, hardware, the manufacture of Victorian agricultural and horticul tural implements made in our local factories, with their jute and hemp, should pass free through the Tasmanian custom bougp. The adoption of such a system of reciprocal trade would with out doubt mat' i'ially improve the com mercial relations between tbe two colonies, nnd tend to stimulate aud develope the industrinl resources of both. We suggest, then, to the com mittee of the -Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, that this is the direction which their efforts to ' establish closer .mercantile relations witji Tasmania should take. " Unreciprocated free- " trade" is admitted on all bauds- now to have failed. Let the merebnnts and manufacturers of Melbourne adopt our plan of reciprocity, and possibly they will therein discover a solution for the difficulty which now puzzles the theoretic free- trader. 