CURRENT POLITICAL GOSSIP. [i'HOM A atEEBOUBKE OOBBESFOKnEtfT.^ Much speculation is rife as to the answers to be received from the Secretary of State in reference to the Ministerial appeal for authority to set aside the Constitution Act, and pay the public monies on the mere vote of the legislative Assembly. The anxiously expected telegram from Downing-street is now daily looked for, and the political quid nunet ace busily speculating as to what it will bo. The Berryites declare that, backed up by the Governor, everything will be all right; but I am not at all sure upon this point. If Sir George Bo wen has, as in duty bound, , accompanied the Cabinet memorandum with an impartial and truthful" case," no thinking: and ordinarily well-informed person can for a moment doubt the result, i.e., that the law must take its course, and Mr Berry must find some other means for picking the deadlock. But His Excellency has so completely committed himself with his responsible advisers, that anything he might or may do, would not surprise many. From being the responsible advisets of the representative of the Queen, Ministers bave become the private confidants of the Governor: and it is scarcely an exaggeration to say, that if His Excellency coughs or sneezes out of the orthodox style, he makes a note of the symptoms, and communicates the interesting event .to his " advisers." . At Baliarat the other day, Sir George pretended to be in the best of humor, and most exuberant of spirits —a vice- regal Mark Tapley in light-hearted jollity—the only person in the colony blessed with a coolbead and firm hand, but this is all protcnce. It is not all " cakes aud ale" with him just now; for if the truth were known, there is a skeleton in more than one •closet of Government House, and afra eura grins from more than one dark comer. The Legislative Council has adjourned until the day after the re-assembling of the Assembly, and ita next move depends solely on the action which Ministers may think proper to take. At the last meeting of the Council MrCuthbert, the Government representative, was in attendance for a short time, but was ordered to -withdraw by Mr Lalor, and " made tracks" accordingly. It is difficult to imagine how a man of Mr Cutlibert's gentlemanly instincts, can allow himself to be shepherded and bullied in this manner, particularly when it is believed that he is so disgusted with his Ministerial confreres as to be on the eve of leaving them. That distinguished legislator, Mr William Wilson, must have been lately reading Miss Braddon's novel of " Dead Men's Shoes," and is going in hard for the to-be-soon--»acated Cutlibert billetbut though " Billy" may succeed in going in " to the General Post Office and £1700 a year," he is very unlikely to " go in" again for the Eastern Province, especially if such an experienced oriental campaigner as Mr Patrick Hanna should oppose him. Mr Wilson, when moderately "primed," is a very fair baud at Buncombe, and be treated the Council to a highly spiced sample the other day, when his offensive suggestion as to how the crisis could be ended, met with the most frigid of receptions. The Age is also in great tribulation juBt now, what- with the withdrawal of several thousands a year worth of mercantile and auctioneer advertisements and the action for libel commenced by the hon. Alexander Fraser. Opinion is much divided about Mr Fraser, and there is only one feeling as to the impropriety of any honorable member's brother giving up the ghost in an English workhouse; but from all I have been able to learn .there are many mitigating circumstances in the case which, when explained to a jury, will show that " old Sandy" is not at all the black fiend the Age would have painted him. The fact, also, that the notice of the pauper's death has been nursed in the Age office for several months until the fitting time arrived to float it, will be fair evidence t of malice, and though the plaintiff will not take anything like the £10,000 claimed, by the move, he is not all unlikely to recover reasonable damages. There is no doubt that a general election is amongst the probabilities looming in the early future. The Ministerial party are making their preparations, and when it does come, it. will be " short, sharp, and decisive." Electoral rolls are being overhauled, candidates selected, and matters generally put en train. To increase the number of influential adherents, justices of the peace (fit and unfit) are bong appointed everywhere, and Government berths by the score are promised throughout the colony to those supposed to possess any electioneering influence in their respective localities. Under the existing electoral law a- general election can be proclaimed and ended in a very short time, and with stuffed rolls, returning officers of ' correct opinions," and promises, and intimidation act infinitum, the party in power calculate on being able to effect a grand eoup. " Forewarned is forearmed," and it therefore behoves the managers of the Opposition and all true Constitutionaliste to be np and stirring and ready for the fray. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, the great oligarchykiller, about whom nothing was known until he jumped np like a Jack-in-the-box at the last general election in North Melbourne, is ready at a moment's notice- to step into harness as Attorney- General, when Mr Trench is to hold the two-fold office of Income Tax Commissioner and Registrar of Titles. This move will send Mr Bunny back to the Equity branch of the Supreme Court; but does this not matter,for Mr Bunny was never remarkable as a spouter in the Eastern Market, though he was an accomplished lawyer and an honorable man. There are no further -reductions or Jigyn^pawla spoken of, though some recent new appointments bave been made. If -the secret history of the Civil Service clearance could be published it would disclose manifestations of political ; .favoritism, private hatred, and something worse that would astonish the public, and net the least interesting episode of the narrative would be, the occult reasons which prevented the cashiering of Captain Stanclieh,the Commissioner of Police,f or whom a niche in (be ""black list"was assuredly reserved. TKE IXOK.AT.HHT Fraeeb AJCD *nns AGE.-— The Ministerial. organ, since Mr Fraser threatened it with an .action of libel, has lost no opportunity of asseverating its action "was taken in the pnblic interest, but we find it stated ihai Mr Eraser and tee -other relatives of the deceased inmate of Holborn "Workhouse take a different view of the matter and are disposedto regard "its publication as an. act of retaliation lor the withdrawal of certain advertisements from the Ministerial jouniaL" Hie Melbourne correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser has been informed that wiisn the nnmberof the -Jlhatrated News containing the announcement first reached tiie colony eeveral monthB ago Mr At Eraser called upon the conductors of the several Melbonme papers, including tbe A.ge,oiA informed them as to the circumstances of the oa8e,MrEraeer's explanation bong tp the effect that his brother was a man of emcli jez* tremely fijsmjiated;habiis *hat it was next to impnRRible to Ail anytbing effectual for bis assistance. Mr .Tkaser.toweverfon hiB virat to BuglandjleEt* {Kmrnderable sum of inoncy in tbebands oftheson of his now deceased brother to be«pplied to ihe maintenance of the.latter,.|vio,howevor, does jwt_®eem tP 