MUSIC AND DRAMA. m Vs. Cteswick'seDgagemont at the 'Victoria Theatre is now fast drawing to a dose, ani the end of the month will terminate it. We shall then have an opportunity of review ing an unpreoedentedly long, and, take it altogether, one of the most successful engagements that we have had for many a long day in Sydney. During the week he has re tained to the part of Virginias, with which he opened here. It k one of hie best and most effective; bat we have Bothing to add to oar former favourable notice of it. The cast has been the same, with the exception of Mr. Belton, as ?n its iormer production, ana Has been equally satisfactory. On Tuesday night Mr. B. N. Jones, the well-known and courteous stage manager of the Victoria Theatre, took a i-enefit, and he had, as he deserved, a crowded house in every part. He showed great judgment in selecting ' The School for Scandal' on this occasion. It is always popular, and on Tuesday it was produced with an excellent cast Beally it was like going back to the good old days of acting to witness this production. Mr. Creswick chose to play Joseph Surface— a character which unfortunately is so gene rally misunderstood by ordinary actors. Doubtless Joseph is a profonndh ypocrit e ; but in manners and accomplishments be is a gentleman, and it is not until circumstances over power his powers of dissimulation that his true character is revealed. Ordinarily he is made a vulgar hypocrite, who ?hows his hypocrisy at every turn. Such a man could not by any possibility deceive Lady Teazle, or such an expe rienced old man as Sir Peter nor could he be received into the high society in which he moved. None of this crude ness appears in Mr. Creswick's impersonation, as may readily be imagined, for he is far too true an actor to fall into 60 obvious a blunder. His make-up is wonderfully juvenile for such a veteran, and his manner displays all the delicate shades of character which make up this wonderfully fine conception of Sheridan's. Again, Mr. Jones was in his clement as Sir Ptter Teazle. He was a fine old gentleman of the school of the day. An uncomfortable misgiving that he has made a mistake in his marriage renders him additionally susceptible to the jeers and sneers of the society of his class ; while he is dis appointed that the country girl whom he has married, because, as he supposes, she will be free from the scandalous propensities of his circle, proves herself to 'he quite the equal of Mrs. Candour, Lady Sneerwell, and Sir Benjamin Backbite. With the exception of Mr. Rogers and Mr. John Lazar, who both made a feature of this character, Mr. Jones is certainly one of the best ex ponents of Sir Peter Teazle who has been seen in Sydney for years. Mr. Douglass was tolerably happy as Charles Surface, and Mr. Seagrave did well as Sir Oliver. Mr. Bland Holt has before played Moses very satisfactorily; Miss Merton, Miss Austin, and Miss Docy Mainwaring, as Mrs. Candour, Lady Sneerwell, and Maria were all that could be desired ; and the other parts were well filled by Messrs. Jordan, Bolton, Tolano, and the rest of the company. Altogether we hope to see a repetition of this comedy before Mr. Creswick's visit to Sydney terminates. We have been very fortunate in good theatrical per formances this week. ' Our Boys,' at the Theatre Jttoyal, is scarcely lesB enjoyable in its way than the more important matter at the Victoria. Mrs. Scott-Siddons as Mary Melrose and Mr. Flcmming as Talbot Champneys continue to be, as they have always been, excellent in these characters. Mr. Welsh is certainly not es good as Mr. Mortyne as Sir Geoffrey ; he is not dignified enough, and certainly does not convey the idea of the old baronet, who is so imperious in his way and so careful of the honour of Mb family and desirous that his son should fulfil the duties eipected from him. Mr. C. Brown is a far better Charles Middlcwick than Mr. Holloway ; but we do not like Mr. South's Old Middlewick nearly as well as Mr. Andrews'*. According to nature the old man would endea vour to be on his best behaviour towards the baronet and hie sister ; and his vulgarity would not appear except to his eon, who, it will be remembered, corrected him frequently, and in his own remarks when no one was present. Mr. Andrews dooB this, but Mr. South scarcely makes the dis tinction plain enough. He plays the character as that of a vulgar old man aU through, and this, we submit, is his error. Miss Alice Doorwyn plays Violet Melrose nicely, and Miss Maggie Oliver is admirable aB Belinda. The large audiences that have been attracted to the theatre this week are proof sufficient, that ' Our Boys' is thoroughly popular with the public ; and we are glad to say that its production merits its popularity. Those general favourites, Messrs. Baker and Farron, have revived ' Lisa Eccles,' at the Queen's Theatre, and, as usual, have attracted crowded houses. They seem to be general favourites, and this play has proved no exception to the general rule. It ha6 been so often noticed, that no special remarks are necessary on this occasion. Mr. D'Arcy Bead has continued his Ghost entertain ments with great success, at the Guild Hall ; and Thomp son's Diorama concludes this week a most profitable season at the School of Arts. In musical matters we have nothing fresh to report this . week. _^_______________ 