A TRUE (J HOST STORY. " Your story is very improbable. In fact it is impossible. I am a practical man, and cannot believe what I do not understand within the region of the tangible. I can see as far as most men, but once touch upon the supernatural and I am at sea—in fact I am like a ship without a helm. What the steering machinery of a ship is to its safety, so experience is to man's daily life. Experience closes the eve to scenes of suffering, the car to discordant sound. We shrink from pain unci felt, no matter how early in life. My 35 years experience of this world tells me that the chief event of your story could not have occurred without violating the known laws of nature." So spake our friend the hanker, as he languidly watched the fragrant rings of smoke ascend from his meerschaum. I did not at all like the sarcastic twinkle of his eye. In his heart I am sure he thought my story was something like the smoke. You must know, gentle reader, that for nearly 20 years >CtUR i I have v been connected with one of ,. the 'most intangible things in nature. } ear alter j year 1 have watched the daring mind of man striving to grasp its mystery. Benjamin Franklin first made it the servant of man. Professor Morse revealed it to the mind by symbols. Wheatstone brought it before the world by the alphabet. In our own day we can almost see its mysterious form. Electricity as a mode of motion becomes a fact 111 the telephone and jJionogruph. I can sympathize with my frieiaf the .banker. Of course o there is nothing transcendental about money, nor is there any poetry. There is a pleasing reality about the musical ring of a sovereign. There is a cruel reality about it when you cannot for certain reasons hear it. However I a"ree with my friend that facts are proper food for the mind, although the fact of money I never can get hold of. I do not deny that iiiv story is improbable, and that if I ever pant it in the Dispatch many of the readers may feel sceptical as to its truth. Let us, then, have facte. My story, which was about a ghost, being finished, and duly criticised, we called upon the doctor for his. That personage, after finding the easiest chair, carefully placed liis feet on the sofa, ordered us all to fill our pipes, and related the following true ghost story :—After the close of the American rebellion, our gunboat being still in commission, and having six weeks to remain at the station waiting for orders, a few of us resolved to start 011 a boating expedition for pleasure and adventure up the Rappahanock River. It was early in May, the most desirable time of the year for such a trip. Travelling only a few miles every day we went ashore at every available point of interest. We visited all the landing places along the river, remaining sometimes for a day "011 one of our old battle-grounds, observing at our leisure the damage done a few months before by our loOlb. Parrot gUns. We called at a number of plantations, and found that many of the men who had been fighting at Richmond and Fredericksberg were now busy in the tobacco-fields and rice swamps. We were received courteously at all the plantations but one, that of a fire-eating gentleman, who hanged or caused his men to hang two negroes, who had run away from him and escaped to our gunboat by swimming over a mile. A few weeks after they came 011 board they disappeared from a boat's crew one day on shove, and 10 days after the bodies were found. After a postmortem we ascertained that they had first been charitably hanged, then left to the mercy of large herds of wild pigs and the crows. We arrived at the man's house rather late, and of course had to push 011 four miles to the next farm, where we were received j and welcomed at once. The family consisted ' of a Major Johnston, his wife, and three daughters. After tea the evening was spent in wliist and music. At 11 coffee was passed by a colored woman. The major said, " We were talking of ghosts this evening, and singularly enough I forgot to mention that one of the rooms in this house has a ghost story connected with it. It is the best room in the house, and Mrs. Johnston has been wondering whether it would be well for either of you to occupy it. Now .1 think as the paymaster and the doctor are firm believers in ghosts, Lieutenant Siiirtliff, who is a thorough unbeliever, may have an opportunity of seeing a real ghost."' Friend Siiirtliff at once con- * sented to sleep in the haunted room. It was agreed that our friend's mind should not be prejudiced, so the major wisely refrained from giving any idea of the nature or history t of the ghost. We retired to our rooms a.little e before 12. I passed a restless night. I suppose it was caused by the coffee and minced pie, of which I am very fond. About 3 o'clock I heard a strange noise in Shirtlilf's oom like the falling of a book, and just afterwards a dragging found, bui 1 here was 110 voice, so I soon fell into my morning sleep. At<i we went to the river to bathe. All of us noticed that Siiirtliff, who was always full of fun, now seemed grave and pre-occupied—indeed he looked pale and haggard. We thought of the ghost, but 110 one spoke. After breakfast the major said, "We hope you slept Well, Lieutenant Siiirtliff; and that yon can tell us that the haunted room is only a myth." Siiirtliff lit a cigar, and said, '* I will not attempt 1o explain what 1 saw last night. You shall have llie facts, and draw your own inferences. ' I dropped asleep almost at once, but awoke, as I found by my watch, at 2 o'clock, with that dreadful feeling which nu doubt you all have fell some time in your lives. 'The moment I woke I instinctively felt that lucre was some living object in the room. I rubbed my eyes, turned down the bed clothes, even pinched my skin. It was no night-mare. While I slept something living had entered my room. 1 turned out of bed, aud as I never lock my door, quietly turned the key, and lit a candle. After a careful search', finding nothing. I began to think of the doctor's laughter in the morning. Leaving the door locked 1 was soon asleep. However, my sleep was of short duration. I awoke again with a sudden start, and now noticed for the first time that mv bedroom was no longer dark. There was no five in the hearth, no lamp or candle burning —in fact the large bow window of the room was carefully covered by a heavy green curtain. No light could enter the room from without. If you remember the sickly blue flame of brandy burning over a Christmas pudding, imagine the whole room tilled with such a light, and you will have an idea of my feelings. I lay there 011 the bed spellbound. I seemed to be held by the ghostly light. It crept towards the bed. and silently j laid its icy lingers upon my trembling limbs. It quivered around me like a living tiling. It entered my lungs at every breath, it thrilled through every nerve, it throbbed in inv brain, my heart stood slill, my muscles were paralyzed by a deadly fear, .lust then the door, 'which I had so carefully locked, noiselessly opened, and a dusky figure entered in a long black robe.—(To he con turned.) 