Tub Civil Sittings of tho Suprome Court, which catne to a close on Saturday, afford an additional proof of the growing pros perity of tho colony. The spirit of liti- gionsness, it has boon observed, invariably becomes more activo according as the means of administering to its contontious natnro becomes more available. Playing at law is found to bo rather an expansive pastimo, and is an amusement that can be only indulged in by those who are pro- pared to promptly and liborally - pay according; to tho share they tako in . the game. The special characteristic of this mode of adjusting differences, and vindi cating authoritatively the supremacy of right over wrong, is, that soldom or ever do any of the litigants leavo tho sacred precincts «f. the Tomple ofj Justice with-' oiit tho disposition. <to revisit it being .very much modified. ; When wo recollect that there is no moro effective cure for a penchant for litigation than copious )ocket-blceding, it is .unnecessary to ndicate the causes to which this sudden ehaogo of taste is owing; It is d long time since so much, civil business has been transacted iu the Supreme Court of this city, and this is, a fact of very cheering . significance) : in ono respect. Poople,. however well disposed and anxious to apjmal to juries and judges for , the adjudication Gf their differences, always find themselves unablo to go formally, before either unloss, they are. able : to approach by tho via-aurca, or golden road. Litigation is costly ns' ; well as - uncertain in < its results, and it 5lias ' ; been always" „rfpund .that the. number 'of ;thoso wlio resort, to .'tho courts of law. for redress of supposed or real grievances, increases .and diminishes in a pretty exact proportion to that of the wunlth of a country. We invite tho attention, particularly, of the lion, tho Colonial Trenanror to tho flourishing, and progressive stato' oftho Cause Lists, when compared to tlioao meagre catalogues of <( cases set down for trial," which some few years ago were onough to fill tho minds of tho most hopeful of our legal practitionors with droad apprehensions of ending a profitless .life as an iumaf.o of some of our charitable institutions. It is not unreasonable, therefore, to oxpect that 'the ' Hon., William R. ' Gibliu, wiiou making his Budget speech, will use tho nourishing stato of the " Cause Lists," and which is growing moro encouraging evory day, at tho prin cipal evidcnco of tho satisfactory financial position of. tho. colony. Besides, it is. a fact he can support by his .own porsoqul knowledge aud experience, ns he lias boon engaged, wo believe, in every lawsuit tiiat has como before, tho Supremo Court for adjudication since he lias occupied tho position of Colonial Treasurer. And now, as wo havo touched upon this siiggosti vo iucidont in connection with the Colonial Treasurer, wo aro prompted to bring it moro prominently under tho notice of our roadors, the moro so as it has boon made tho subject of what wo considor very sad complaint upon the part of tho suitors during the last sitting of tho Suprotno Court. But wo should not restrict tho com plainants to the "suitors" thomsolves, for among them wore the witnessos, tho jurors, and ovoti counsel, who had made engagements, while never anticipating the impodimonts which tlio Parliamentary ongagoniunls of the Atlor- lioy-Gonoral ami tho Colonial Treasurer wore to throw in the way of prosecuting tho business of tho Court. Indopoudont of all other considerations, the official position of Messrs. A. Dobson and Gibliu givos them a choice of clients. That position, along with adding to their weight and influonce as advocates nddross- ing juries, affords them opportunities of obtaining information through the in numerable clmunols of which tho pos session of Ministerial office givos them command, that no othor practitioner at tho bar has any chance of obtaining. So that, loaving all consideration of thoir logal abilities out of tho quostion, while they aro Ministers of tho. Crown, members of .tho Executive, and ono of thorn Grand Juror of tho colouy, we hold that thoy ought not to bo allowed, while occupying the position thoy do, to pr&ctico; in onr courts of law. The power of tho Grand Jury is not only exorcised by a member of tho Executive, hut it. 'may be said to be; under the influence and at tho .service of each and evory member of it. This would ho a monstrous stato of things to ba permitted in any country, but much more so in this smell community, where a knowlodge of evory wordj inovoment, and act of indi viduals can ho acquired through tho police, And other sources of private intel ligence, and used for whatever purposes Ministers may please. Tho Attorney- General of England, it is true, practices in tho courts, but ho is neither a Cabinet Ministeror the Grand Jury of the country. He is a servant of the Ministry, occupying tho position of its legal adviser. But we, in. obedienco to oiir "conservative instincts," perpetuate an an abuso which had its origin in the court days of penal and despotic govern ment. Taking, howovor, all things into consideration, the position of Mr. Gibliu ia oven more objectiounblo than that of Mr. A. Dobson, and will coiitinuo to bo so as long as ho is pormittcd to give live- sixths of his time to his own privato businoss, and even less than a sixth to that of the public who pay him. Non wliat wero the practical results, as they mont which admits such an abnsoTs tlfo presence of the- Attorney-General ns a Ministor of tho Crown and a practising lawyer occupying the position of Premier and Treasurer of tho colony! Tho court had to ho adjourned, four out of the five dnys it sat, at least two hours before the usual timo, in order to allow tho Attorney- General and Colo nial Treasurer to tako their places m Par liament as Ministers. But it will bo. said in dcfenco — " Both Ministers wero mnctual in thoir attendance. No delay n tho transaction of buainest. occurred. Why then complain ? " Onr grounds of complaint are these : First. No Cabinet Minister ought to be a practising lawyor in a community so very limited as this is. Second. Tho businoss of tho public cannot bo conducted with proper care and efficiency while the timo of Ministers.is for the most part nbaorbod by their own. Third. Tho special opportunities which tho position of Cabinet Ministers giro lawyers for acquiring information, which I no other practitioners can obtain, operates as an injustice to tho bar in general, and tonds to compromise ' tiie interests of justico. Fifth. No aspirant among tho members of our local bar to tho highest scats of justice in this colony ought over bo per mitted to ocoupy tho position of judge who hat occupied the placo of a Minister of the Crown. Sixth. Jurors, counsel, suitors and witnossos, are liablo to have thoir time and i moans unnecessarily wasted by tho premature adjournments of the eourts in ordor to allow Ministers of the Crown to practice their profession for thoir own profit. This ,waa the case last weok . : Wo could add a great many other good and valid reasons for objecting to the continuance of the system which, regard less of all the peculiar circumstances of the colony, lias been purmittod to con tinue, and tho evils of which are becoming more apparent and threatening every day. In any other community, it would -he as unnecessary to argue against tho policy of allowing such dangerous abuses to exist, u it is to commence demonstrating or solving some. astronomical-' problem by proving that there are lixht and darkness in the world. Unfortunately, howovor, tho colony iu its early days had the mis fortune of evil training, and not very eligible masters to prepare it for a happier destiny, ' It will take some time to purge society from the corrupting influences of that systom of agitation which, some quarter of a century ago, coased, but left us the bad leaven of iu most unprincipled loaders. - Some timo ago wo noticed that Alderman Wntchorit had given notico of his inton ation to. movo that all moneys received for licenses within the municipal boundaries should bo handed ovor to tho Corporation for thousoandbonofitof tho city. Strango to Bay,, we have hoard this very proper and reasonable proposition stigmatised as wild, visionary, and almost revolutionary. Indeed, one of our most prominent "-con servatives," and a distinguished — or, ratlier, ostentatious— spoutor in favor of law and order," .denounced it as an " attempt to plunder the public treasury for tho benofit of a small section of tho poople," To. nrguo with men so nppa- rently ignorant with what is dono in all othor parts of , Hor, Majesty's colonies u!4 >.ba..useless. Thoir conversion to a respect for common-senBe notions , and pvenr-daygeneral practice is hopeless j , so we , leave them to, enjoy ; themselves amidst that darknoss to which they have beun so long accustomed and to which thoy appear to have acquired an unyield- ing and undying afibctiunt> aud hasten to address ourselves to a different class of individuals. .What Aldermtn Watchorn claims is simply that whioh is acknow ledged 'and praotisod in every portion of HorMujosty's British peopled dominions. It is scarcely necessary to demonstrate, by argument or illustration, tho sound policy ns well ns justico of that which is u right in possession of all the othor muni cipal institutions iu the colonies, as. woll as in tho motlior country. But why has itbeoti withhold from the municipal bodios in Tasmania? Tho reason is not difficult to discovor. Tho licenses annually issued to publicans and others constitute a respect able figure in the ways and monns of the Colonial Treasurer, and it has been tho policy of all tho Ministors who liavo ever oxerciRod real power for any lougth of time to retain it for general, instead of local, sorvico, to tho latter of which of right if belongs. By absorbing the liconso fees into 'the general treasury, tho neces sity, of distributing tho burthen of taxation in an equitable manner, ro fur as tho amount of tho licenses is concerned, . is avoided. ' We cannot part witii so much of our ways aud moans without being obliged to rosort to some othor modo of supplying' the vacuum that would bo craatod, by doing what wo know to bo right and 'usual. !Vo should ho compelled, porhaps, to stipply the deficiency, by calling upon property nud capital to pay thoir fair proportion to the support of tho general Government, and this would bring us at onco into collision with the class upon whoso support wo couhl no longer rely once wo took auy slcp that might directly or indirectly oonpromise the permaiionco of that state of comparative impunity which they liavo so long' on joyod at tho expanse of thu general community." Hero wo have tho true solution of tho problem boaring upon tho reluctanco of tho Govornrnont of this colony to sanc tion such a claim ns tho proposition of Aldsrman Watchorn involves. The policy of our Government has been to centralise all power in the hands of the Executive. This is bclioved by somo to bo ono of tho principles of truo conservatism. But tho contrary is tho truth ; for, ns we- find it expotihdod in tho article of the April num ber of tho " Quarterly Review," bended "The Crown and Constitution," "it is to localiso wlmtcvor of our interests is domestic, and to contralise whatever is Imperial." Allourintercats are purely "do mestic." Wo havo no concern with such as aro "Imperial," and therefore, acting upon a principlo which, in common with all other sections, politicians nre agreed upon ns boing tho truo and genuine ono, thu first care of Government, end Parlia ment should bo to " localiso as much as possible thu managonient of our domestic interests," being tho only ones which really concern us to which we can lay claim. Tho policy wo havo been acting upon for so. many years is neither that recognised by .the old Whigs and Tories, or the modernised Liberals and Conser vatives. It is simply tho policy upon which tho rulo of oligarchs and deipots has always been based ; for, ns history has testified, the healthy exiitenco of municipal institutions nnd any form of despotism or irresponsible govermnont cannot exist together. Tho two bills now before us, tliut for providing for tho "maintenance of roads" and that for regulating tho sale and disposal of Grown lands, are based on nprinciploof uncompro mising hostility to local management of the purely " domestic intorests" of tho colony, and show beyond all question that their concocters liavo no faith or trust in the people, or in thoso principles upon which constitutional and frco government can only.be upheld. But for tho present wo shall put ntido tho furlhor consideration of these twin conceptions of hostility to local nml n 1»«i-niicrh wont of coniuronce in tho poople. From tho general Government no aid to the municipal funds of tho city of Hobart Town and town of Lauucoston is given. This unwiso parsimony was one of the mischievous ccnnoquencoR of the groat imposture of 1800, namely —tho cry of " Retrenchment or Haiti" — whioh, in reality, meant nothing more than a return to power of tho uoiniuoes, agents, aud dopondenis of one particular class, whose real motto was—" .Ruin before taxation on property and capital." It was while tho people wore undor this great delusion that the municipal institutions of the country —which represented, although feeble enough, tho principle of solf-governinent — receives its -death- blow, and until the triumph of some more bold and honest Govermnont calls it into renewed life, the country will havo good reason to raouru ovor the success of tho unprincipled con spirators of 186C against its youthful existence. Tho valuo of property in tho otty is deteriorated for tho want of sufiiciont funds to effect tho construction ftud maintenance of stroots in various localities within the municipal boun daries where allotments have been pur chased for building pnrposos, but which are deprived of all raluc, and all prospects of improvement by the insurmountable difficulties which the impassable state of tho so-called stroots present. We tako as instances . Arthur and Adelaide streets. Notwithstanding the.fe&rful; odds against locomotion of any kind which aro to be . encountered, , neat cottagos are springing up on all sides." But why 1 Because those who purchased the allot ments and built upon them live on in tho hope that some< day or another the . Corporation will havo the means of wiping away the reproach which the present condition of the road- ways ..is, not to the munioipal au thorities but to the Government, which, in the interests of a .favored class, with-' hold from the Corporation those funds and necessary and usual meaiiB of carry ing out efficiently tho principlo of local government. Alderman Watchorn has put in a claim of right which no honest Ministry ought to ignore. :.It iis for the want of moans, and consequent inability to form' and improve the streets in' many parts of tho city, that tho growth of Hobart Town is checked and tho healthy inereaso of its revonuoa prevented. The selfish and class policy of Government in dealing so parsimoniously with munici palities of all kinds affects the general revenue to a far; greater oxtent than thoy would have' by relinquishing their hold upon funds Ihey liavo no right to uso as general revenue. ! . It is ari "old saying that whon individuals whose mode of obtaining an existence is somewhat beyond, suspicion,; genorally more deserving persons obtain their rights. Such, indeed, would seem to be the present : phaso of' the Main. Line Railway question. As might liavo been expected from, such a coterie of irreconcilables, Ministers. wore oxcludod from the holy preciuots of. tho Temple of Pure Thought, imd: > discountenanced tho moment thoy, found: the-.-., V Mercurial " cloak did not afford; ,thenY : any clianco of oscaping aroiised publioi opinion, if they! did n»t propose tho payment nt loast ; of tho : greater portion of tho interest claimed.1 The Mercury " now says tho Ministry | is/f.yortbbricleaa," . and says its members ! will certainly. settle " thomselves.if they propose /ttv" npttV.tlio rtilway,dillicVii'iy< ' by / compromising ' tho ' Evau'dalo quos- , tion. Then follows a mysterious project, i for tbore is sufficient independence in 1 Parliament and. outside to decide in favor of tho colony, should Ministers offer tho alternative of supporting them in defending tho colony.". Wo ndvise Ministers to look well into tho meaning of this threat. It is couched in language, slauuhtered in ns cold blood, ns that which eouveyed limoly warning to Lord Monteagle and the English Parliament ou a certain November 5, long ago. Mr. .Gibiin and his colleagues should certainly have the vaults searched before tho House moots this afternoon, because thcro is now more cause than ever for the belief that a man witii tho dark lantern is abroad, and who ovmcos a dosire to tako any measures which will prevent tlio pay ment of ono shilliug of tho Main Line interest. For the present wo will only oxposo a few of tho "combustibles" brought into action by the unscrupulous organ- of . the property-holder and capitalist. ' Tub Lkoislativj: Council. — Hie Council moots this afternoon at 4 o'clock. The Orders of tho Day are : — Main Lino of Rail way Interest Bill (No. 29), second reading; i'ruhatos and Letters of Administration Effect Bill, Hccond reading ; Rural Police Rate Bill, second reading ; Defences, Con sideration of Resolution of House i»f Assembly ; Bankers' Law Amendment Bill. Notices of Motion:— Mr. Grubb — "That no notice of purchnse shall bo givcu to Main Line Railway Company without sanc tion of Parliament." Mi, limes to move— "That those passages of correspondence between Colonel Grey and the Premier in respeet to tho promises made to pay tiie interest on receiving tho opinion of English counsel bo laid on the table." Mr. Crowthcr tqjnovo— " That tlio correspondence bo laid upon the table ns to tiie questions put to the Colonial Secretary and the reply thereto." The Hor.se or Ashemuly. — Tlio Assembly meets to-day at -I o'clock. Tito adjourned debate on the Main Lino of Railway will take place, when Mr. Douglas' amendments to increase the amount of interest by £12,500 will lio brought forward. Tlio debate is likely to be warm. Also the adjourned dchato on tho Main Roads Act Amendment Bill, which is likely to. tako up some timo, as there are still several lion, members who wisii to speak upon the subject. There are also n number of arrears of notices of motion, so tlmt it is posiiblo tlio sitting may bo rather protracted. The Same, hut Diffbhunt. — Some "heads of departments," instructed by Ministers not long since, sevorclv remon strated with somo of their subordinates for working after hours on their own account, and in ono instance dismissal was threatened in the event of "tiie offence being repeated." The Government, it is alleged, had a right to tho unexhausted vigor and strength of their omployta, and this thoy could not expect If their servants wasted or' enfeebled their energies by working during hours intended for recruiting thorn. This is what may lie called "The Same." Now coiucs "But Different." Tho colony pay the Attorney-General and the Premier £700 per annum, with patronage, rank, position, etc., etc., for the bouetit of their "unexhausted energies," etc., otc. Yot we hear of no remonstrance being made against their not only employing thoir own, but the greater portion of the time tho public arc paying them for transacting their business, in look ing after their own privato affairs. Why do not the pcoplo, through their representatives, imitate the example of the " heads of departments," ami call their Ministerial servants to account for exhausting their own energies, working over hours, besides filching time that docs not belong to them, for their own use and benefit? A Sa f) Reflection, — The contrast referred to by our contemporary in its issue of yea- torday, between tho reception nccordcd to Colonel Grey and Mr. Davison, and tho neglect manifested in the case of Colonel Glover, suggest some very painful reflections to the hospitable and sensitive minds of our respectable citizens. Sinco the arrival of tlio former, we understand, the hospitable vir- (iuus Of t/ii. itell'lu'llu Itiiijilg .vi o Itoitig unceasingly displayed, although it has been more thau once asserted tlmt their mission tb Tasmania has for its object the robbing and swindling of a too credulous and unso phisticated people. This is a very uncom mon way of treating strangers, against whoso treacherous and dishonest intentions wo had long been forewarned by tiie only virtuous and trustworthy organ of opinion in the southern hemisphere, according to its ' own disinterested allowing. How can this apparent stupidity and in- difference/ of. the public to the warnings of thoir honest gitArdiau Ixs accounted for ? Surely it cannot be tliat this thick-headed, indisorimiiiating people of ours have, by some extraordinary process of vicious reason ing, come to tho conclusion thattho'Editorof the " Mercury " sat for tlio portrait himself, lie attempted to impose upon them as that of Colonel Grey, Mr. Sheward, ami Albert Grant ? And still we cannot account for the general welcome extended on every aide to the representatives of tho London Directory, while the admonitions of the " best friend of the colouy " are treated with contemptuous indifference. Jt would bo a very puzzling problem to aolvo wore it not that the "Censor of Tasmatiinn morals" — tlio "special adviser to the Colonial Secretary," and tho "Edilorofthe Mercury/" — happens to he so well known throughout " the length and breadth of this, ns woll as many other, lands," It is singular that Colonel Glover was so coldly received, and never had an " invite" at nil, although his approach was heralded by applauding blasts from the Mercurial trumpet. "\Vc expected his recep tion would bo n cold one tho moment wo heard the first fatal note sounded in his praiso. Colonel Glover has our sympathies, and if he should ever visit us again, and hopes for hospitable reception, lio must not allow, if he is able to escape it, tlio blight of the " Mercury's" laudations to fell upon him. IVe know a person who lias been still worso treated than Colonel Glover by tho respectable citizens of Hobart Town, who has spent, ten years of his valuable life among us, devoting to tho service of the ." supporters of law and order" the fruits of his practical experience 'aiid knowledge acquired at the expense and by tho loss of that which is hold to ho more precious thau gold, and who has never yet been invited to honor the -hospitable board of anyouo in Tas mania who even pretends to place any valuo on. a good name. '.This is a much better subject for exciting sad reflections than tho case' of Colonel Glover— so wo think, at least. Gas. "Works. — Hearing . that a vory deli cate instrument had recontly arrived from England, the destination of which was the Gas Works, wo called upon Mr. i Foot, "tho manager, who, with his usual courtesy, not only showod us ovor' tho worksj but was kind enough to explain as much of tlio in strument as was unpacked, and give an idea as to its value. ; A new gas holdor has been ordorod, and in fact no'less than £5000 is to bo.spentiu order to rendor .tlio works as complete as possible. Complaints have often been made by the consumers of gas. that the metre is a pieco of mechanism simply invented to register tho amount of gas used iu any household, in favor of the gas company. They, however, met with their remedy in an indicator being invented, and its use being made compulsory in Great Britain on the several gas companies, by an Act of the Imperial Parliament. We can- not describe this delicate 'instrument, be cause it is not working, but its:objcct is to test to a minimum the amount of gas passing through' all metres, so that it is uttqrly im- )osiible that a mistake can occur ih respect to tlio ws oonsiiined. ! We were also shown' a beautiful llttlo instrument invented by Mr,- Lowe for testing tlio lighting.qualities of tlio gas ; it is a vory ingenious contrivance.- This instrument shows, on the gas boing. lighted inside, tho exact lightiug power) of <the .gas in comparison with i candles, r Mr. . Foot informed 'us' that tlie' lighting (p6wef of the gas produced here was "19 candles, "an average exceeding most companies by several candles/' The Enoush Mail. — The U.M.S, Assam, with the incoming mail, arrived off Glenelg at 4.50 a.ni. yesterday. She will reach Melbourne) early to-morrow morning, and tho Dcrwcnt will bring on the Tasmnnion portion, which should arrive hero on Thurs day night. . , South Austualta.— The Ministry in this colony appenr to be having a warm time of it. A resolution was passed affirming that further taxation was unnecessary, but the Ministry have succeeded in obtaining „a majority in favor of a tax upon property derived either in or outside the colony. Should Mr.. Boucaut, tlio Premier, he suc cessful in getting sufficient 'money through new taxation, ho will propose reductions in the Customs tariff. The Ministry has also got into trouble with tho Council of Educa tion, tlie Minister having rescinded a resolu tion of that body in reference to the payment of a contractor. Mr. Ward has tabled a motion, which, if carried, may lead to tho resignation of tho Boucaut Ministry. But it would more probably lead to a modification or reconstruction. Sofukmk Coukt. — To-day is tlio first day of tlio third term. D'Auov Bead's Ghost. — There was last evening a very fairly filled house, ami the audience appeared well pleased with the entertainment. It is a great pity that the proprietor could not finu a larger hall, the stage requiring so great a portion of tho available room. We can really rocoiiiinond thoso who havo not paid Mr. D'Aroy Read a visit to da so. They will certainly spend a pleasant evening, and we understand that the Ghost, owing to other engagements, cannot remain with us much longer. Boxixh tiii: Watch. — Tho unfortunato police havo scarcely tasted sweet respite from the boots and brickbats used by larrikins than thoy have come in for an equally unjustifiable and reprehensible treat ment nfc the hands of a scribe whoso only impulse is the knowledge that the case lio takes iu hand is that of " almighty dollar." A recent case, in which a policeman iu privato clothes was called insulting names by a merchant ou the wharf, has been made the theme upon which the " Morcury " now executes variations for the persecution of the district police. Under thu heading " Idle Policeman," our contemporary iu Iub Satur day's issue breathes indignation of tlie owner of the Harriet McGregor that tiie suspicious oyes of the guardians of tlie law should bring within their radius that cele brated clipper. It turns out that tliese men arc not idlers, but that thoy divido tho twenty-four hours in watching for smugglers and keeping ordor on tlie wharf. We should like to know when the writer of this sweep ing charge became Aonrinccd that the race of policemen had degenerated. Wo fancy that Ids experience of the. efficacy of tlie force in countries where centralisation is tlio' principle of control, should immediately cnuso him to advocate the placing of tho Tasmania!! force on the same footing. Per- hap when .this, our hope, is rcalisod, the taint of crjmo will no lnnger enjoy: that facility of circulation throughout tho colony it has at present. Tub Watf.uworkh Imtuovembnts. — A correspondent writes :— Allow mo space to say a fow words concerning tho works now in progress to improve our water supply. After going over the works I must say I was greatly surprised nt the progress made, as the earthworks thu wholo length of tho mile are in a vorv forward statu, the masonry of aqueducts' wild culverts being in fair pro gress. Thcro can be no doubt of tlio sub stantial manner in which tho work is being carried out. It will prove that Mr. Grant's recommendation of Mr. Clay as a fitting persou to carry out the contract was thoroughly relinblo. Southern Rifle Cohih. — The usual general parade of the four companies com prising tho Southern batallion took place in the Barrack Square last evening. There was a good muster, and the evolutions wero gone through iu a very creditable manner, Lieu tenant- Colonel St. Hill was in command. A Missixo Vkdiuhek.— -Owing to the courtesy of Mr. T. Field, who has taken a great interest in tho matter, tho mystery so long surrounding Whizgig lias at fast been cleared away (says the "Australasian") and ji«r real nedifiri- and history are established beyond question. Sho was u bay inare, bred in England by Mr. Winton in 1825, got by Whalebone, hor dam by Canopus, grand- dam by Young Woodpecker out of Radish by PotSos, She was imported to Tasmania about 1S-S, anil it seems that Mr. T. Honty, who owned her, finding thoro was not suffi cient space on hoard the ship sailing from Kii'hunl with hi other horooa, placed her under the charge of Mr. (V. M. Deane, who is now living in Lauucoston, and alio wns shipped in tho same boat as Bolivar and Kdeila, lielonging to the Crcssy Company. Not long after lauding in Tasmania Mr. Dcano bought Whizgig from Mr. T. Hcnty for £500, afterwards parted with her to Mr. L. Bryant, and after that gentleman's decease, at the sale of his blood stock iu 1S42, she passed into the hands of Mr. W O'Connor. At this sale three of her daughters— Pet, by Bolivar; Media, by Mozart ; and Gulnarc— were purchased by Mr. Field, together with a filly named Amelia, who wns by Mozart out of Put. Another daughter, Queen of Trumps, by Peter Finn, was taken by Sir Richard Dry, and this mare was afterwards the dnin of Shadow, by Jersey, who was foaled in 1S4G. A Narrow Escape.— An accident, fortu nately unattended with fatal consequences, occurred at St. Lconnrds, on Saturday. A narty consisting of several members of Mr. W. T. Bell's family and friends were being driven iu a waggonette on an excursion, but when passing over a newly made embank- ment, near Air, Bamford's residence, the horse attached to tho vehicle shied, capsizing the waggonette over the embankment, which is 12ft. high. The party— chiefly ladies — were thrown together with great violenco and severely shakon ; one of the ladies, Miiia Clyno, having several tooth knocked out and her jaw fractured. The medical attendance of.Dr, Maddox was obtained, and .the ladies were conveyed to their several' homes. — Launceston Correspondent. New Locomotives Fpn the Tasmanian Main Link. — Tho above company Iia3 lately received three new locomotives intended for working tho lino. , Under tho guidance 'of Mr. Cundy, we inspucted them yesterday morning, and found that several novelties had been introduced iu tho construction. Tlie engines wero designed by Mr. Edwin Sheward, a soiiof the' '.director of tho com pany, and were built by Messrs Ncilson and Co., of Glasgow. ' Thoy arc six-whoeled engines, of 3ft. ,9in. diameter. Thc, fore and driving wheels arc coupled, being 5ft. 3iu, apart. Tho distance from the driving wheels to tho third pair . is 5ft. 9iri. These are the wheels which act somewhat on the Bogie . principle, as, it appears by a very simple mechanism, they can adjust them selves to a curve of oven four chains radius. On the axle box, which is moveable about lyin. oithor way, is .fixed a brass box, with the centre hollowed out, the diameter at the surface being about 2Iin. Into this an iron pin is inserted, upon which the whole weight of the engine rests/ the pin fitting Into the springs at the top ond, thus permitting tlio wheels to adapt themselves to the curves. Tho axles of the tailing wheels are brought under the fire-box in ordor to obtain an equal distribution of weight. Tho axles, tiros,, and all tlio bearings are all of Viekcrs' cast steel, which is considered to bo a great .improvement.'' Another novelty 'is that in immediate proximity ;to the drive? a patent safety valvo is fitted T upon the top of tho engine, with a very .powerful . wonn spring. The valves in 'connection con sus tain- a .prossure; of .1301b., / and; no. more. Should the pressure be more, , the 'steam im mediately escapes, thus rendering it impos sible for the. driver to endanger the safety of his engine. . "We shall, hopo tliat tlio engines - may provo a succeasl ; "( . ; ' 1 /' ivCoruection.t— Tho accidental insertion ' of tho word "not" in- our report of tho pro ceedings of tho Polico Court i on1 Thursday, completely altered the reeling of a portion), .of .the.eyideiiqVjftf M.iv :T(hh,, givcu in the/ case, CoHtes" v. "McGregor." Mr. Tihho fiepqsod that he did. hear defendant call jqaiptiff a sweep. Wanted an Owner, — A largo conn., preserving pan is iu tlio hands of tho ,)0 £' for which thoy require an ownor, 1 Tasmantan IUuind Cluu.— The honora. secretary has received the following non? nations of sires for the Produce Stake lsu Sir Thomas Elder's Gang Forward \lr /> M. Lloyd's Diver, Mr. N. Browui's IW Icon, Mr. A. Kearney's Horror, Mr Fi-iV Castle Hill, Mr. Alfred Page's Homti Ringleader. Our sjrorting readers will nS lect .tlmt Gang Forward won the S guineas at Newmarket in 1873, and second to Doucaster for tho Derby in IS same year. Horror likowise was Dlace.l t the Blue Riband in 18G0; when Mr. Merrv Thorinanhy won tlie great event. The i'J fonnanccs of tlie remainder— Direr Cast Hill, Horatio, and Ringleader— are too uS known to need comment. Mr. Brown! Napoleon is a .splendidly-bred bay, By tb imported horse Tim Whifllor, dam, sieimo. : ' 