THE GHOSTS OF OHAT ELOUSSE. Talixno about ghosta (said Jack Scott) the tougtuat time I erar had with gentry of that sort vat when I was travelling for Frost ft Co. np In Canada. We were in tba fur 11ns, you know, and I happened to fall in witb a gentleman by the name of Flint, who agreed to go screws the country witb me. Be was not at all the sort of fellow one' would cboMe in a travelling companion, being rxtremely taciturn and grim ; bat, apart from tharlog upejUBS, there waa the necessity ofor some sort of sympathy and aneotlon in such a wnloujwedly bletk and for bidding country. OursturdyteamofCanadlan borsss took us farther abd further from elvi- liaatlon ; botelrlei of any sort were few and l»r batmen. But an bonstt sheep-dog would have beta a JoUu* companion than Flint; hia thin lips couldn't Beam to take the ehapa of a healthy hugh. Without divulllDB anv commercial aacrets. 1 told Flint what I could ol my errand lotu this wilderneis, hoping to gal some little confi dence in mtorn. He did go ao la aa to hint tbat be also was oonneotad with bunting and trapping, but he waa extremely oloas nioutbcd and reticent as to particulars, and after little spurts ot ohat on my part the conversation ianguUbod, The third morning of our jouraey we had a little controversy, Flint und I, about our routs tor the day. We wanted to gel on to Cnatslousae, where I had letters of introduo lion, and where Flint hoped to find out the whereabouts of a Montletir Bernard, in whom 1 waa also Interested, aa Flint had tuld ma he had been a dealer iu aklui. Wo were told tbere waa a abort cui aoroia the country, nut it wouia ns «uor, peruapi, to take tbe public road. Flint was rather tn favour ot tbe latter plan, being of a cautious aud prudent' temperament; but although tbe worda of our senior partner osine iuto my head, tbey only seemed to pueb me tbe other way. ' Never take a by-path when you can get a highway,' were Ibo parting words of Mr. Frost; but I ooniid.rtd them some ot bla oracular old-iogyums. 'It's only tvmiy miles, Flint,' I said. 'Twenty of these Canadian miles,' ha added. ' With f reab horses,' I went on ; 'and our host here bat puiuled ue eut Ihe way.' 'Yes, yes,' s»id tbe innkeeper, 'etraiiht ahead, geutlemen, till you tee ajbig croia aet up at the end of a three- cornered field. Turn to tbs right, and yuu'll aoou see a forest of fir Ireei ;' tbatia tbe beginning of Cbatelouat*, and oloia at hand lives Adrian liernard Tbere i. » Jiuma a little this way, muuleura that is all black and empty, and baa kbout It the melancholy ot the grave. It it— pardon me, memleura — it is given over Iu ibu devil, Tbey aay it is haunted.' 11 Yea, yes,' broke in Pilot, craning ble nook eagerly forward ; ' what la it about tola buuh t ' It is tbat a crime bas been committed there, meaaleuri— that llgbu are Been, queer noltea are heard, groam «nd ahrleka of terror. I hava it for a fact tbat, night after night, the tragedy ia repeated over wd over again.' ' Let ua get on,' said Flint, ' hi tbe direc tion ef this house.' 8i« hours later we bad readied a big bar of wood tu» Lid UUtn aad was plunged fathoms deep in tbo enow. At for towle, tbere ware none, neither to tbe right nor tbe left. That imbecile of an innkeeper must bave known that at thlt aaaton ol tbs year, ordinary landmarks were obliterated, We usa long siaot Been gliding over an unnroun surface ot (now ; but dimly ehadowed upon the horizon I had Been tho forest ul tire, nod I pushed the jaded beasta onward. It waa weary work, as we weru peroeptlbly going up-hill. The short Canadian day wss drawing to * dote. If you want an Ides, mj friends, of complete and utter desolation, take a cam. pagu* of tbat u-rl when day ia expiring at the bands ot a pitiless and unrelenting nigbt ; the viat sheet of white, unbroken by fence or foreat, become! in tbu abiftlng and fading light like a pall drawn over a dead world. From early morning wo bad Dot pasted a roof or Hutu a living creature. Tbe bitterness ul cold was somewhat ameliorated, but tbis wai another source of anxiety, at it hinted of snow, and to think of tbli was to1 shudder ; a snowstorm would bs utter and irretrievable ruin. To add to uy alarm, I oould bo lunger distinguish tbe line of Ur-treea. 'Tbis mutt be »now-bllndn«ai,' I said. ' Cau you see those fir- trees, Flint P' ' No,' be replied, calmly ; ' 1 have not seen them for some time. They'll probably coots, ia tight when wo gat to tba top of this bill.' But having latched tbe summit; and begin ning to detctnd, I aiid ag∈, ' Can yua aee them now, Flint t' 'No,' he replied. I reined in the honrs, and got upon my feet. One unbroken, glittering desert of ?now aurrounded ui. lo the yellow light of the western aky it glistened like tbe folds of a snake; further on, under tbe stormy clonda that acudded along, it grew livid and steel coloured, and looked more horrible to me than the wildest and blackest of taas. At that moment a filmy particle, aott at down, touched my cheek. In an instant we were enveloped by the aoft, white, accursed flakes. \- Ha/. /IaJI frtfnf ** t M^tmJt ?.) -t.t.-_ 1, ? l_ I_ m*J Utni ? j.'iui»s a. wi|BU| SiUeVlUK waUefc III the sled, 'we are loit I' ' I'm afraid so,' said Flint. ' Great heaven I' I ?xdalmed, '* our bonet -111 Ue bleaching here for months. Our families won't even know what has teeime of us.' 'Inaven'tMyfamUr/'saMWIok. ' Neither h.v. I, for that matter,' said L ' But that doetn't make it any pleatanUr, dots (t, to die ben like doga f ' '01 eourae not,' atld Flint. ' You'd bettor take some brandy, Scott. It'a unfortunate; I'd like te have hunted out that Bernard, but it can't bs helped.' He took a pnll at the brandy.fbwk and handed it over to me. He was as oool as the climate, my fiiendi. In the meanwhile the bones, feeling the reins falling loosely from my tainting bandt, trotted rapidly on. Heaven kelp tboit egotitta tbat bold the human Intellect supreme I The ponies thote the right direction. In leas than ten minutes thoesbletsed ponies took utwithlnalgbtof the line of fir-trees. I waa traesporttd by tbe feUolHoni view of some boneit smoke wreatbltg np between tbe scraggy branches which ahaitsrad a long, lew, straggling building, red-roofed, with dltmoud-ahaped panes in tbe windows, through whiob we could see tbe red light of the faouwhold fire. Tbe squawk of a fowl suggested its speedy conveyance to a neighbouring spit; the granting of pi«i seal by eras more melodloot to my ears than tbe muaie of the spberee yonJer in tbe atorm-toued, blinding auow. I ' We're saved, Flint, my boy I' I cried. I ' Thank Qod, we are aired I' '?Thit mull be Bernard' f,' aaid Flint,' locking about him with hia keen grey ?yee| 'and over yonder I think I oanteethe out lines of the hauBUd house.' five ulnntaa after we ett tn a long lew* colled apartment that covered hall the ground floor. The oaken raftett almost touched the hud of a tall, trapper who waa lodging with Moneltur Bernard. Be bad a long blond, beard and singularly mtledloui voice. There was quite a number ot guttu there all of them trappers, ao Monaltur Bernard said | but thlt till fellow they called Cm.rou had ths shoulders ot a Hnculet with tht (tea ot an Apollo. I euppote 1 waa eome. thing disrd with the audden relist aad reteue, for It appeared to me that a young woman who sat by tbe fire, paring carrula the vety colour ot her lung braids of balr, iu as beautiful aa an angel. Her rjw ware sott tad luminous, ber forehead low end.wb.lte ; an Indeaoribable air of tender tnaletiftlinle ?liai),iwftri lt«* fan*. The etiAml. tetta the wore waa ,aa whits at the snow upon which it Was bleached: brr bodice wat of bomeipunj the knott ia her knitted stocking! mutt have baen mads by ber own little budt; the big bueklet en ber tuna could net bide the pretty arch of ber Inttep. She sang under ber breath a little rnuplet, uf which tbe retrain was 'Jamali, JaineUI' Hungry at I wm, I could scarcely touch tht fine grilled fowl -prepared In ut, but my soul devoured tbe daughter of Momleur Bernard. Tbe Ull trapper and hit companlont war* tupping lo a neigh bouring room) w« eonld bear tbelr glasses rap open the table or chink astinti each other; acrtpi ef tonga and disjointed sen tences readied our mm. Fliut picked the cbloken to tbe bans, In the meanwhile talking in a low tone to atoneteur Ilirnard, who baikeH In the beat tbat pound from tbe crackling r Idea of tbe elieat iron alova, and blinked at Flint like an ancient llxtrd. lie wm a little, dried-up man, with a dote oap npon hie bead { bit leather brvecbM reached a little brlow bit kneaa; a warm furry jacket, blgh woollen stockings, aud wooden sabots completed bit costume. An hudr or twe went by ; the tnppers In tbe neighbour ing room bad flnltlied their weal, and apparently gone to bed. FJint and tbe Illtle * ranchman pursued tbelr convaraalion. At ' for am, I btd drawn clots to Ibn beautiful young woman, who wat watblng aumt quaint yellow muge at tbe end of the long oak table. Her nune was Marie. In thlt primitive region conventlontlHlm were aet a»ld«— au earneat paailon glided along like snow shots. 1 got over a Rood dral of ground In a very alicrt line. I began to believe ilila journey was marked out for at. I told Marl* to, and lifted one uf bur Iouk. braidt to my Una, I was jutt thinking what a tonsatlhii tbat peculiar colourrd u«ir and her rauiarkabla beauty would create In our circles at bunte, when Flint onllnd out tu ma that be bad retulved to go orer and tirtp In tba htusttd bouse. 'Don't yon want to no along, Scott,' he salrl, 'or are you afraid t' T/ie latter part of fait sentence had a peoulUr entering iulimation. 1 eaid 1 wat not afraid, but thought It a very abnurd tud inferntUjr uncomfortable thing to leave a warm fireilde and K' plunging orer there In the ►now end tlm fnrclng air fur a freak of curlotltr. Marie clasped bar handt, and hFaouglit of ut, for tbe rake of tlm Ktdeemor, ant tu go ; that in that room op»lalr«, upon ibat very pallet of straw, tlm murdered man bad beta fauna1 \ and nobody bad slept tbere since, or ttayiul in ilje bouia. 'Etoepttbeghoita of Chstolouite,' taid ber father, In a dry, wbcety voice. But Flint got hit lantern riady. Of court* I had to go, If one mau veuturee npon a foolhardy freak, another muat follow, or rest under tb« imputation of oowardioe. Mou ateur Bernard helped uaon wllh'curuvtrcoatt. I looked Into tt,. aM.t .yet of Marie ? they were dllaua with that ?xpruilon of terror one ten Iu the eyet uf a fawn. I took her cold bandt in my own. ' Brat tranquil, my tweet ohlM,' I aaid, for 1 wot touched br her tenueraeii: 'I will return to you.' We made our way through Iba blinding anew, and found the Iiimim black and empty. The door creaked on In rutty lilnRo, the thuttert banged, a melancholy wind buwled throiiRh tbe corridor. ?' Wo eball have our labour for our palni,' I aaid. at we entered the room unafelra. ' tbere It nothing rrm-rkable In a few bruk»n ebulri and an old bundle of atraw.' ' We mutt be piik-nt,' said Flint, throw Ing tbe buffalo robe upou tbe btd, and Mov ing out the lantern ; ' w« mutt Walt tor the boor of midnight.' There wai nothing for me to in Lut to erarii In boalda blm. I took ths Inner tlds, and, worn out wilb countless ?motlone,muit have fallen aileep before tbebayaaed touched my bair. I waa awakened by a peculiar mocking langb, treating)/ clote by my car ; but, upon regaining the activity of my »a»t, I found It -)IaUnt and hollow. Again and again It arnmcd to come from the very boards of the eirtb. I began to fcl a chill run dawn my verfbrlo. ' Filnt,' I wbltpered, Naohlng over for him, ' do you hear tbat?' Bat my band wtaltrei orer an empty apace at my aide. Flint waa gone. I was alone in this aecuned bouit. Strange noises came to me. I fancied I beard a groan, the slacking of a chain. Ue»Mn know* what terrible vagaries b«xet me. 11 Perbapi,' thought I, ' FJint hat lietn ttracied tw.v : mt turn will come next.' Dlitlnotly I beard again tbtt hollow, mock ing laugh, and atep by aup a feat unending ths «U!r. A cold «we»t bunt from erery pare In my body. I sprang from tba bed, and ran out tbe opna aoor down tbt stairs. Ii teemed to me a thtdowy form fltd btfora me, end vanlthod ia tba oorrMor. t plunged acroni tbe field and at last bnrtt Into a lew otlkd room, where I found, the miwnble little Frenchman aud my mlttlng ooinptnlon. 'Oh, jou ran away, then?' I said to Flint. 'T«t,' ha ttld, quietly, 'I thought It beat not to awakrn yuu.' ' So you left me to be murdered', perbtpi f 11 Tbat waa wh.t I wanted to avoid/' be ?aid. ? law that b« area pale, aad bis hiBdt abook a Iittfe. ' I ahiU path on to Chate loutee at dtvbraak,' be said. ' I thought yon lied more nerve, Flint,' I replied. ?? I wouldn't myself sleep in Ibat house again to be Junior partner with Frost si uo. j em inst -? no »t*on lor neglecting bnalneti opportunities. From a few words ! exebsnged witb tbst tall tripper— I tblnk they call him Cameron—' ' Yet,' said Flint, witb sudden ?egtrneti. 'What about him t' '1 ibink be can put me in tba way ef a lucrative stroke ot bntineM hero.' ?' Bow ? In wbtt way V sail FJint. 'In tbe trapping way, of count,' replied; ?? In the way of tkint.' The light died out of Flint's face. He sank bask in bitehsir, and stroked bit tbu beard contemplatively. ' Bnppoie yon remain bera, tbe», tin I come bask,' be stid. 'I shan't be gone more than two or three days,' 'All right,' I ssid, witb alacrity. In trnlh, I bated to leavs Marie. At daybreak Flint drove (away, w)th * stable buy of Bernard's for a gnMa. ' He's the last man In tbe world I'd take to be each e coward,' I said, to tht toll trapptr, Cameron, some hour* later on. I invi;ed blm to brr»kl*tt with me. andrrUted to him our adventures ol tbe prevlont night. ' I don't know anything about ghosts,' Z tard. bn- I etruinly heard the uttaUie ?lasllng of a chain, and a hollow, neektag laugh— * footstep, too, mounting the ttairtt wofat t fled down, a pfaanteaJlke form disappeared before my very eyes In tht.ktll 'There an more thugs In heavtn and earth then are dreamt of In our philosophy,' stid Cameron. ' All wt een do it to keep a eletr conwlenoe aad lead lUlnlest lives,' He wtnt en talking la thlt wty Ull I began to look upon him ass kind ot tvantellii. Hit face bad tht guiltiest look ot an Inlsat, and yet hi bid a keen eye aud brain for butUuae. Be explained to me a method ? for curing tklnt, which was very Interesting. Krca Marie ptuted at ber work and littenad to bin, Her eyre were fixed upen bit faee with an eager, ?earning expression, so beautiful that I wondered It did not attract hit notice i but he waa abtorbtd in bit lubleet. Tbtt tbort Oanadlan dty.wat the iweeUet of my Ufa. Before nightfall I was fully persuaded there wai but one wnmen In the world far me) lut all that I oould get Maria to say In return wtt, 'Oh, monilrur I' Tbit the repeated over and over again, etch ? time witb a different Inflection, till It farmed a whole tweet language In Itatlf. - At Blfthtfall ef tbt second day Flint earns back, looking rather pala aud worn. lie atld the air wat fretting j he hoped It would be milder la the morning [ that we mutt get . off at early at pcttlbll. ' If you (o, to-morrow, Flint,' I said, ' you'll -have to go alont. t mutt remain a while.' ' I shall Botco alone,' said Flint j ' I sb.iB have plenty ot company. Bat wby mast you remain f' I dlau't cart to apeak about Marlt to a man like Flint, but 1 told blm of the opening In trade ofloreA me by Ouneron. ' The Ull fallow witb a blonde beard ?' atld Flint, golnt over and abutting our chamber door. Then be cam* elate to me and whliptrad In my ear, ' Ua Ii the leadtr of the gang, Buib I be qulat ; don't reply. I have unearthed a troop ol counterfeiters. I saw then at work that nlaht In the haunted home. Tbey are the gnoitt of Obtt eloune. In tlx hours ws shall bavt belp. To-morrow we ahtll atart off togolhnr. Ber nard gav« tkam up. Tbat waa my hnilneei out hers.' 'Trapplntf' 1 .aid. ' Uiactly,' tald Flint, ' In eixtran hours everything will be ready. Tha »m«rt will oome armed ; be prepared,' aad the wily Jesuit slipped out the open door. . I aat there for 1 rinn't know how long, completely atnunad tad bewildered. When I gathered my itntf i again, I nwnlvtd unoa one thlng-nnt to go wltbont Mtrie, ' We could get married at tba nearett town. I would not leave ber in ihlt wllderneu with her traitor ol a father, lierbapa to fall a pray to aone early vtngeanon from an uaiete hand. I taught her out, and found ber feeding tbt fowli In tbt court yard— i f rer dove perching upon ber ahnulder, and a turkey-cock alretoblnf his red neck and strutting by her aide. 1 draw bar under tbe archway. 'Marie I Marie I' I said, ''you know how Hots you 1' 'Oh, montlourl' tbs said, hanging her awatt bead. 'Llaton to me, Marie,' I atlri; 'be ne \nDfr a oblld. I rntrrat of fon. You mutt go away with me to-morrow morning. At the nrarnat town ws will be tnirrlM). I will nit leave you behind me. There will be trouble, I am afraid. A gang of counter feiters bave been discovered over In the haunted home; Cameron Ittb-lrcbW. Toa have thought thete men tn b» hocett trapper*, Marie, but tbey era coiinlorfiilt*rt, my own out, and they ua tbu ghoett of Cbttelouu*. A few noun more, and we tbtll have belp. They will be taken, Marie — I tloppta, tor I r™»d that tbt n,Knw InR deadly pale. Her haurla'dropped at ber aide; ths wheat fell out of her apron upon the ground; the fowli came calling and ducking after it. Sbt grew will lor and whiter, till the wai like the mow outline tbe the atone Wall. 'My Oodl my Oodl' the kept atylng, olatplng tnd unclaiplng her handi, I tried to lake bar in my arms. At first abe resisted; th»n sht listened. The array look went out of ber face, tnd the llotened eagerly. ' You «rlll no witb ma, my darling I' I entreated; 'tbe hortot are already bar naaied.' 'Where— where an tbe hones r' slit said. ' In tba ahad, my sweat one. Tellmethat you will go,' _ ' Yet, yet, I will go,' tht said j ' and bow i mutt gat ready.' Bar fact looked so set and rigid In tha nold reflection of the aoow— the brtuMful face bo longer tint uf a cblH't ; a woman's faofti full of rttolutlon and strength. ' Kin ma befura you go,' I laid, holding bar clote to my boert. She put her cold lip' to mine. 'Clod blast yon 1' she eritd ; ' Oai in heaven blest you I' Wigbl came on f hour after honr patted; Ilghtt began lo flicker in the haunted bouse. Flint glued fale face to the window end looked ataadlly out Into the darkness. I Hi not dun tell blm I btd a regret for Cameron. Tbt fallow wat to lovable, and bai snob a a guileless face; bin voice wai as melodious as a woman'.. At last be turned from tba window and want out of tbe room, making a quick denture for me to follow. Tiis mes bad earns. Boon we wars marching scroll tha fitld, the officers of the law «ro»oblnff tbroosb the mow witb tbelr betvy boots, and muttering maledictions through tbalr chattering teeth. In trotb, it was piercingly cold. We bad nearly reach*! tbe boms when an old, half-witted servant of Momleur Bernard's came running out to meet m. 'Mother of btiven, but I'm Rtadl' he .cried. ' I wai tetrad lo stay thorn to long ; tbey are gona slnae thlt many hoon.' 'Gone I' tbouteu Flint ; 'wbo are goner' ' Tba men folkt yonder. And tbiy took witb them tba sweet mistress, Marie.' ' Merit I' burst trom my lips and those ol M. Bernard. ' ?' But yen,' said ths old servant. -? She cried all tbs way, but be took her in bis arms and bushed ber like a baby, and put bar under hit cloak.' 'Who? Wbo?' we cried. 'Who but Mr, Cameron f' wattbtKply. 'Anybody witb wooden eyes ccnldnave teen what wat going en.' Bernard raited bit bands to beaven, tbeo tank npon the mew. I remained *itb bins.' I wat enable to go on ; lietidet it was ass ist!. The men soon eamt back. The boost wat empty; the birds bad flown, and with them bad gone my sweet little dove. What a madman I bad been I At tbe bottler bad t aid, anyone could bave seen the love in hat eyes when ibe looked upon Cameron. I remembered newabnndred sight and glanoM, Poor little Marie I Moniltnr Bernard divided bit wrath ?AS .' wreichedoeai, at did Ibe Jew of Vtniee, S between bis doesti and bit daughter. Every / mult and pony were taken from the shads j , it was even impossible to pursue lbs fngl tivst. Flint was livid with rags. '? Who eonld bave Mtsyed ur' be said through bit clenohed teetb, and half loolinad to ens. p»ct Ibe mirerabis Bernard. A fortnight later se all went our separata wayx; hot I ne'er shall forget, gentlemen, theghoetacl Cbatdmute. ( » ? ? ** 