OUR, LONDON LETTER, (From our own Correspondent.) London, Juno 6th, 1878. Judging by tho sentiments they inspire ibe Gitrmuu socialists would seem to bo a peculiarly venomous class of men. Ever since Nebiling's attempt on the lifo of tho Emperor, Berlin bus been in a chronic stiite of panic lest emeulcs should break out nnd inaugurate a period, however brief, of street lighting, pillage, nrson, and murflfr. TUp^ru nrnnnnlinn nf n r»*\lirt/» and military character lias, wo are told, boon taken by tho authorities to frustrate any revolutionary attempt; but the public uneasiness is by no means allayed, and it is not an exaggeration to say that among tho wealthier clnssc3 consternation prevails. Thoie would setm to boa run of ill luck upen Germany just now. Only ono day before Nobiling's attempt a scene occurred off Folkestone which wiLl long bo remem bered. It was a fine morning, with scarcely any wind stirring. Within three or four miles loungers on th ? parade could see the King William, the Griat E'eclcr, and tho Prussia, three of the finest ironclads ia the Gorman navy — pacing down channel on their way to Gibraltar. All at ouco the King William, in maucouvring to avoid a barque, was seen to run into the Great Elector, and to sink her then and there. So sudden was the shock, that out of 500 men on bourd barely 200 could be saved, and this spite of tho prc3enco of hu'i1 two consorts, and of a fleet of fishing smacks. As for the King William, it was for a while thought that her fate was sealed too. Her water-tight compartments, however, aided by a sail passed beneath thokeel, prevented this second catastrophe, and thu shattered vessel wa3 enabled to drug on to PortsniQutb under escort. Hor condition on bi'ing docked may bo described as a ' warning.' ' Her ram' say the accounts, ' is bent over to port to an nngle of about forty degrees. The stem is broken in two places — the lower at tho scarf connecting it with tho foro piece of tho keel ; and tho upper at the armor sholf. Tho plates on the stnrboard side aye separated' from tho stem, thoir fora parts Doing torn away from it, and opened out from len to twelve inches' — and so on. The general effect is lo leave a. gaping wound which, but for tho speed and presence- of mind displayed' in instantly closing the doors of tbobulk beads, would bavo inevitably caused .the foundering of tho vessol within ? a feiy mjnutes after the collision, ' ' ' ' ' one' of the 'finest 'aWd hio'afpMe'e'tly bfiilt' vesaels,.^6ati?nd:i:.Jiat.6ho,,w;B9;constructeid; Bpeojally with,a/yie,w;,to- doing ,the -very-. class '.of .jWprkYhy ..which r she ; Has iieen, atnigsi; lost. .The jnoralof the ta,lb would' Seeth;to Wthiit ironclads1 of the existing type are liardly 'likely to be' the warships'1 of the'' future. ? Taking -them, : ?however,.1 forowha'tthey'are.itis.not.easyifor the1 non- professional |nind; to ?seo.,the ;nec,essjityi : thaterasts-.for.their cominginto such close, quarters' with. bne.anpther. .Collisions ;on turnpike ' roads, on railways, ,bn..'riyers,-pr,l at the eritranco to.liarb.prs are intelligible Enough, but ??it does seom to hon-prof.es-' ^ionala^aa though a channel, twenty.-qrie ?mile's wide.at its narrowest point, ioiight to ; bOijvide, enough for almost .any amount, ofi jbadjBeatnanaliip. ... ,It ,3s,not. unlikely; that Lqrd JJp^consfield . . m,ay ere long dissolve i Parliament, and ,sb got a direct expression of the. opinion of .'? Jilio ' country : upon his -Eastern, policy ' Assuredly tho laying of the ghost of the:' -Eastern' question, :by the * Unal .agree ment 6f all the powers concerned, wouldi ! be,a moment wisely chosen.fpr. this .appeal ,to. the country. . Tho Hne of conduct adopted by the Opposition during the . crisis is hardly, I think, one on wlilch tho country can -look with satisfaction. Mr Gladstone, in par ticular, seems.to.have fairly lost his head. ? Wlrat excuse, ifqr, instance, can ,be made: for Ids recent , article in. tho .ffin.eleeiiih,; Omiuty 1 Injagine a member of.rthe. Queen's. Privy Council writing as follows', ; apropos of 'tifte ' removal of the Indian' contingent to 'M alta :— ' Will India be content? Can India be content ? 'Ought' India'to be content ? .In distant— and to her .children unjienial— climes,in,;lands of1 usage,. tongue, religion, wholly alien, t}ie; flower . of' her youth is to bleed and die i for us, and she will \hWp no part but to suffer and obey. This is ! injustice, gross, and monstrous in-' justice j-and those who uro parties to its perpetration. must prepare for. the .result to, 'vwhjtih 'jin justice leads.' This is, the tone of i the entire .article, and w.hilo I:. thi'nk',iV|:r;ltanbur.y).in,gi^ipg nptiqe J,ba.t ; he shall dire.ct attention' to.it in the Honjse as ''calculated to create sedition in Her Majesty's Indian army,'1 -would have been better adviiecf bad helet the matter cjrqp,' yet ';I cannot ?.wonder at his i taking' 'the* stepiin question-. .Qn.e could understand, a Kene.aly panting in, this; ad captan^m. style, bjit.a ^?larfatone should b.e quite, another 'matter. Death '.lias .been .very busy of . late ambngour legislators or their' families. He lias e,ven for ihe first time sinjee Bellinghamfs. murder of SpencerP.eroiya'jin 1812, visited the precincts of the IJojise io£ Commons, .Mr W.tfkeham .Martin, M.P. ? for Rbch^ter, having died in the library; of heart' disease' almost in the act of Bpeaking ofithe sudden death of another member; Mr Russell Gurney, which .had': taken ,place .that .yery :mpming. This, with .the .death . pr . Sir F. Gpldsniid, ..makes tlie third painfully Budden' death', that.has occurred among .members lately. 'Ihe obituary list of .the post fortnight also includes the 'Duchess of Argyll and^jrp John Bright, both, carried. off by apoplexy. She (Gountess of :!? ewborough, ithe ;QpHntess ofiBuokinghamshjre, th.eJBai'Qnpss' Gray, -ond ;the 'Bishop of Cork, .are also .among .tjios.e. who have, go,n'e over to, the- majority. Altogether th&rollis; a heavy , one. ! Tho new divorce law came in operation for tliexfirst -time the other day at the . JW'andaworth Pblice;Rourt, 'wliorb: ajwife-' kicker of the us.ual.type was sentenced to ' sipcimonths' imprisonment, the wife being; at the same time.informed that alie couljdj at the expiration of that torm, obtain as ?judicial- separation — her lord and master 'being of course compelled to make her an .allowance. This is a 'decided step in .advance of the old plan, which simply intensified the evil complained of, for.it'is. hardly in human nature for a man to .return from a term of imprisonment; 'softened towards the partner of his joys,, ?who had' been the means of obtaining for ',him this.period of reflection. And yet the. question, like every other, has its two /sides. 1 remember seeing, not very long ago, a, genuine vixen literally torturing' , fey tongue and. gesture a gbod-riaturedi .shnpleton-of a husband to strike her. Now* there is a limit to the patience of the most patient of mankind, and had .this man. been at last exasperated into, say, giving 'her a black eye (and a black eye in some circles answers merely to a sharp .word'jn others) ho would at once have been iiv ? the category of wife-beaters, arid puriisli 'ahle,as such. If wife-beaters are to be punished-^and there can hardly be two.; opinions oh the point — it does seem as ?flibugh 'something' ought to be done ? 'rcith husband aggravators. The'matter ia n,dt an easy one to decide upon, ,'but it seems, hardly fair that all the innings : should be oii one side. . The Australian team here have created quite a sensation in cricketing circles.. They are simply carrying all before them. ' 'The renowned Grace has had his. stumps' :ign6miniously .scattered by ' the demon bowleri' Bpbfforth, and other cele brities have fared ne 'better. The. Marylebone Cricket Club has beendefeated' \- disastrously, and so has the; County of Sur rey. Consternation ia in bur camp, as: Punch puts it. . : Thei Australians came, down like a wolf on the ?foia, :- The Mary'bone cracks for a trifle were bowled j ' Our Grace before dinner wiis very soon done,, Arid our Grace after dinner did not get a run,! In- spite of thjs the British publio takes! its 'licking' .kindly. The team after allj belongs to, them, and, they are proud of: it. ?Tlje; reception of .tho Australians .at Lord'a .?was' enthusiastic iq ad'egree,. juido.yerrand atJQyei.th'e. enthusiasm excited.by(Bpl8ndid play,,yas;.theieeUng that ,they ,-nfere ,pur Hnspoeii come from afar to .yisit ' home ' , pijcemojcei ? ' ''' ' ' .. '( Apropos,, ot sports, I must ..npt^fof get v toiay ; , a word .upbh the Derby, ,'rftri^this year in the midBt'of ah.'e^dleas ryista of drippingumbfeilto; The French; chWpibn «?::: rt vr.it:«:-'.-iiv-m '? ' '^'- ???« ' ::[ '-''?? -;-ll\ '?' ; Insulatf e'was 'iSnablo'!;© 'repeat his' feat, of iSimday; -«heS hemcanjtediiollb before iliim- at Ghsuitillyittb.Vif) he, managed -; to rbpjno fin; fleoqfld;to , ;S,eftp,n, ; f oljpweid pretty rolpselyj jby.jQhilderi^c.. ','i'jie. R.tten4anco ,w,as tas, large afl.Ai^al, ,'atyl. the. Jloyai 'S.tand .Tyas' .compl,letejy filled— ithe Princ^ 'andPrracesa o£ '^ale^, 'the;'Druke' arid'Dubhess of I'eikJ ? the'Dukia:bf ?? OonUaught, ' and a ;l arge rium berof friends, being, present. i id.propo.i-oi. the'last-niejitioned, I 9,1x1 itojd- that Parliament will.-ahpr^y bo. asked iov-siyoto, 'oi.£10,06:6'!a ;:'year '-- for him pii| .the bpcasion of ,]iiia.- marriage. Of course, this wilibb in addition tb his present iil lowafice of 4l5iQd0. 'pnless'Mr Peter1 -Taylor, or some of the Irish obstructionists; ?put'in .ati 'appearanoe, ; the vbjio will.paa ?'.without diac.uasion. . ; 