Jwimcc. . ? PREMATURE BURIALS. Tas difference between death and a state of tranoe — or, as the Germans put it, Todt and Scheintodt — haa never been quite olearly understood by the generality ol mankind. .Society, which sometimes does its best lor ;the living, does not always do its best lor ' the dead (or those who appear to be deadl. 'and he would be a hold man who,, without statiBtios, Bhould aseert that men, women and children -are never, by any ohanoe, buried alive in the British Isles. Are the., 'bodies of the poor always examined with oare belore burial? Are deathB properly .verified in days ol opidemio, that is to .say, 'in days of sooial panic P ' I propose in this artiole to call attention to a lew instances of premature burials on , the , continent ol Europe; instances which involve stories ol tranoe, or Scheintodt — a trance, the semblance ol death, holding its sway over the human body lor hours and days, and not merely lor minutes, as in the case of ordinary lainting fits. In dayB when land is dear, and burial rights are less saored than tho rights of builders and con tractors, ooffins have been opened with the piok-axe, in the act ol converting cemeteries into streets and gardens. Here a grave has been discovered whose inmate has turned in its shroud ; here a corpse clutching its hajr in a strained and unnatural position ; dead men and dead women lying in their graves as dead men never lie in a Christian land at the moment oi burial. Tie presumption is that these people have been legally mur dered. A lew months ago a young, and beautiful woman, on the eve ol her marriage with, the man she loved, was buried in the neighbour hood oi Lodi, in Pieduient, in accordunoe with the dootor's certificate. The dootor waB oi opinion tbat the girl had died from bxoiteinent — over-joy, it is said, at the.pros pect oi being married, but the legal name for the catastrophe was disease oi the heart, and with this ?verdiot her place in society was deolared vacant. When the first shovellul oi garth waB thrown dpwn on the coffin, strange noises were heard proceeding thereirom, ' as oi evil spirits disputing over the body of the dead.' The grave-diggers took to flight, and the mourners began pray ing; but tho bridegroom, less superstitious than the others, inBiBted on the coffin being unnailed. : This was done; but too late ; the girl waB lound in an attitude of horror and pain impoesible to desoribe ; her eyes wide 'open, her teeth olenohed, her hands clntchmg hor hair. Life was extinot ; but when laid in her Bhroud the day belore, her eyeB were closed, her hands were folded on her breast as if in prayer. The ' Medical Academy' of Milan, in one of its weekly reports,' published on Wednes day, 22nd March, 1818; quotes a case of trance which ocourred to an ex-nun of the suppressed convent of St. Orsola, named Lucia Marini. The lady was taken ill;- and, to all- outward- appearanoe, died ; she waB known to be subjeot to a peouliar kind of fit, whioh required peculiar treatment, and was staying at the time of the catastrophe in the houHs of a friend, who had been a nun. The becchini (grave-diggers, who in this case' were the undertakers) insisted on burying the body before night; the surviving ex-; nun remonstrated, urging that she must first try the effaot; ol!friotion and mustard plasters applied to feet and stomaoh. Fear ing to lose their lee, the Vnen of death waxed wroth in their contention, and, seizing the body by the -shoulders, were about to drag it out of its bed, when tbe ' dead lady,' moaning and muttering inarticulate sounds, turned restlessly on her pillow. The Iriend of Luoia Marini broke out into prayers, in terrupted by. tears ; . the mea.let go, their hold, and one oi them -(the older ol the two) orossed himseli devoutly. , The other, with a great oath, declared it was 'spasms;' the dead, in his opinion, being liable to con-' vulsive movements it not properly straight ened. , .But humanity prevailed over igno rance, and , oupidity , gave way to mtdical skill.. The lady was thoroughly revived by a medioal praotitioner; ol the neigbbourheod, ahd.lived lor many.a ilong day to tell the story of her escape Irom the tomb. Another case in point is that of Cardinal Eapinosaj Bome time president ol . Castillo. sPhilip the Second, King ol Spain, one day, in a moment ol irritation,, addressed him as lollowsVr' Cardinal, take heed 1 , You are speaking to the, President of , Castillo.' Tbe cardinal understood that- he was dismissed iriim office (tho king being his own presi dent), : andiell to the ground as il stunned. The pulBe Bhowed no Bigns of liie ; tho parted lips emitted no breath — the king's wrath had slain his minister. It was de oided that the unibrtunate cardinal Bhould be out , open! ,aiid embalmed. The surgeon, arrived and oommonced hiB operations, wlien, lo ! in the midst of the outting the patient' awokej and, with, soreams of agony attempted to struggle , with hiB operator. But it was too late. The wounds were mortal, and the cardinal expired before the oomforts of religion oould be administered to him. . , In some instances the viotims of trance have been known to rise out of their boffins. AjcttBe is reoorded of a young lady in . Leipzig who, being ? reported, dead during a nervous attack, was 'plaoed in her boffin, in her parents' house, and there kept duly ?dressed for the grave, with the lid of the coffin still unnaiWd. .While the family wero at supper she appe'arbd in her winding-sheet ;at tho parlour door ; pale and frightened, but . ;fair to seb, as;, before her Buppoaed death. Father 4nd mother and sisters started up .with, brieB.of horror, and'raBhed out oi the room by'- another door, believing her.to be a ghost. It was only alter' a long interval, during which they entered and lound her at the', table, eating and 'drinking, that they pbrBuaded'themBolves thaf the'giri still lived. ?;They found hor ooffin ' empty ; ergo, tho ghost in the parlour was a living soul I . The j dootor;. the priest, and the.undertakbr saw tho^errbr ol their wayB, and the deed was cancelled whioh' deolared the lady a oorpse. On'; the following year another deed was made out for the sable : ladyj and tbe same priest officiated, but not the dootor or tbe undertaker.- The lady was 'married, and lived to be the toother of man; children. ' But let us go back a century or two in these inquiries!' We oome upon the story of'tho AbbS Pr6v8t, author of ' Manon Les baut,' and, earlier still, npon that of Pe-' traroh: 1 : PrftvOt was ' found in a forest, . one fine Bummer's day, in a state of oomplete un oonpbiousneas. Tho villago dootor, ' who ^examined the 'hb'dy,; deolared that life was extinbt, and commenced what he was'pleiised to term his 'pdst-mortem examination.' But at the' first tliruBt of the' knifo tho uultiaky autliOr awoke,'and,' with n pieroing shriek, gave ' ;up' the' uhost. Bruhier, the bio-' grapher df 'PrevOt, deplores tbia event as a. serious loss to literature. 'Manon Les oaut,' whioh'Jules Janin oomplaoently oalls tbe- 'Paul and'Vi'rginia ' of vioe, mi^bt, ho opines, have had. a - successor, if not a rival, from the same pen: : . 'Petrarch, when a mlddlo-agod man , lay in Ferrara twenty hours in ' a state of tranoe, and was tb bo bnried on the 'completion' of' the; time laitl'down- by law, that is to Bay in \- font !hwr»r VfhfiUft pttddei* peratnre caused him to start up in his bed. He complained of tho draught andreprimanded hia attendants./ They liad allowed a ourrent of 'cold air to fall on his couoh I Perhaps if the door had boen kept 'shut, tho poet, show ing no' signs of animation, would havo been buiied that day.' - Petrarah would havo beon defrauded of a large portion ol his life, and the world would have lost, in oohsequonoo, some of its finest sonnets. MisBon, in his 'Medical Aneodotes', tells a .story 'of a lady, who,' in 1577, was' buried 'alive in Cologne. This lady was the wife of a consul;' and'was plabed'ih tho family'vault in gay attire with ringa on her fingerB and a golden chain-ground her neok, as on hor wedding-day. Bobbers repaired to her grave at dead oi night to .steal her jowollery, and wero taking the rings from her fingers, whioh wore damp and Bwollen, when the lady awoke, and, sitting bolt upright, as if galvanised, stared and smiled ather visitors. Ono oi tho tbroo men fell) down in a fit, tearing the devil or his agenoy, and tho others took fo their heels 'aB ii pursued by fiondB.' The lady walked home, and was reoeived by her husband, first with fear, and afterwards with transports of joy, and lived lor many alongjday in health and happiness. In tho Churohgof tbe Holy Apostles;1 at Co logne, is a pioture of the consul's wife waking from the tomb, but the event iB ns oribed to a miraole; and death, not a tr anoe, is the subjeot of tho pioture. But the resusoitatedyictima of apparent death do not always return safe and sound — hale iu'body and in mind — from the land of shadows. A oarabineer in the Popo'B ser vice, named Lnigi Yittori, was, not long ago, conveyed to tho Boman hospital, and there, alter a lew days' aoute Buffering, registered as dead, his disease being ' asthma.' A doctor, glancing at the body, ianoied he de teoted signs of liie in it, A lightod taper was applied to tho nose oi the carabineer ; a mirror was applied to his mouth ; but all without suocess. The hody was pinched and beaten, the taper waa again applied, and so often and so obstinately that the nose was burnt, and tho patient, quivering in all his irame, drew short spasmodio breaths — sure proofs, even to a non-professional witness, tbat the soldier was not altogether dead. Tho dootor applied other remedies, and in a short time tho oorpse was deolared to be a living man. Luigi Yittori left the hospital to resume his duties as oarabineer, hut hiB . nose — a scarred and orimson beacon on his face — told till he died (which was soon aiter wards) the sad story ol his cure in the very jaws oi the grave. Stories are told oi men who, after sentence of death at the hands of the dootors, returned to life hlighti/d in intellect. Some of these viotims of medioal incapacity were men oi position in sooiety, but others — the great majority — wero . poor and iriendless. Hos pital oases have principally to do with the poor, and in hospitals in wajrm countries, patients who show signs of approaching dissolution are quickly uisposed ol. Camillo de Lellis, the founder of an order oi hospital monks, or brothers of oharity, speaks in his memoirs of the irequenoy of premature burials in Italy. ' Ah, meroiful God 1' he exolaims piously, ' how many living men and women are annually tuken to their graves in this Christian country 1' Camillo was ol opinion that the victims might be numbered by many scores— nay, by hundreds — ia the oourse oi a single year; One day, alter visiting the beds oi the Biokin.a oertain hospital in Lombardy, of which the nnms has been left in b),ank, Camillo entered the morgue, and Iflund strewn upon the floor a great number ol oorpses, one ol which was bleeding profusely irom the head. A dead man oannot bleed in this way, thought Camillo, and had the body taken to another room, and there examined. The man was alive, and but for an accident would have reoeived burial. He had been thrown to the ground with some violence a a Bhort time previously, and then and there receiving the wound above -alluded to, recovered consciousness. But he only sur vived his sentence of death threo days; he died ol the blow which had awakened him irom his trance. But there are double deaths — twolold burials — whioh aro perhaps the most horrible oi all. Sooiety thinks it is burying one per son, but the ' deoeas^d,' being a woman, may irom the point oi view ol maternity inolnde two Uvea, or even more. Gaspare Bejes tells the story of a'obild born in the tomb whose mother waB buried alive. The, lady was the wife of a man of property named Francesoo Orvalloa, and died,' while far advanced in pregnancy, during her husband's . absence. Orvallos, returning home the day after the iuneral, had tho tomb opened, not because he suspected ioul play, but because he wished to, gaze once more on the face oi his beloved. The lady was in truth dead, but death', had tianspired in the grave. A child, . struggling . into existence, met the gaze of the bereaved hue band, and was removed without difficulty by a medioal assistant. The mother was onoe more consigned to the dust, but. the child lived to be a man, and oarrying 'tUl hiB death the hime 'of ' Fruit of the Earth,' oocupied for several years tho post of' lieutenant-general on the irontiers bf Cherez. This story is reproduced by the late professor Comi'in his treatise on ' Apneology.' Those who doubt it have only to read the following acoount of what is called '' Involuntary Homicide,' which happened in the South of Italy (at Castel del Giudice) in November last, and oi whioh acoohnts' were publithcd at the time in the 'Neapolitan and English papers. 