OUR PARIS LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) PARIS, OCTOBER 26. France boasts of many " three glorious days," but none can surpass the two which commenced on Sunday last, continued on Monday, in the distribution of recompenses, and terminated on Tuesday, by inflicting on Versailles, the hot- bed of reactionism and the focus of hostility against against the Exliibition, that ought to start the relic even of a phantom in the palace sacred to all the glories of France. On each day the weather threatened to be awful, and there were journals unpatriotic enough to rejoice, but after a few hours the sun appeared in Austerlitz splendor. Flags, lanterns, and fire-works were everywhere, and as usual, the population went in for the matter alone ; the days of official illuminations are over. And the joy of the people, their sobriety, tranquillity, and even kindness when in crowds. The free theatres were filled to overflowing, the spectators attending in Sunday costume : policemen were as scarce as dodos ; indeed it is now becoming an axiom, that when you desire Parisians to keep the peace, the best manner is to invite each citizen to act as a special-moral-constable. Only dynasties require force to ensure obedience, and coercion to secure quietness. The distribution of prizes was a brilliant affair, but it was also clashed with melancholy, and tinged with regret. Only think of 22,000 people, joyful and sorrowful at once ; happy at the success of vast united efforts, and sad that these had ceased to be collective. As for the decorations of the palace, and the march of the ceremony, nothing was amiss ; the right thing was in the right place ; some journalists complain of being overlooked, which perhaps could not be helped, as space was limited, but strangers can have this much consolation that French editors fared even worse. The Marshal's speech was the political event ; the Minister of Agriculture recapitulated the results of the Show, and expatiated on its morale. The ladies were charmed with a look at many great ones of the earth, and delighted with the collection of brilliant uniforms ; none but rejoiced at the awards bestowed, or honors conferred. The Marshal's speech was not a common-place matter : in it he makes his public reconciliation with the Republic ; he confesses it to be a success, to have secured honor, glory, peace, and prosperity for the country ; avers the Exhibition just closed has surpassed aU that this country had ever witnessed. Imagine the importance of this discourse, posted in every mayoralty, and on all the spare hoardings of France, at a moncn'j too, when the Senatorial elections are ou the eve of opening, and when the monarchical journals were twice a day, and once a week preaching up the contrary. If MacMalion continues to employ liis common sense in this manner, the Republicans will save him being eaten up by the defeated factions, by electing him President for the second time, and thus give the new regime the necessary time to train its friends to executive and administrative duties. The charge hitherto against the Republic was, that it gave neither fetes nor balls —we have just had a surfeit of them : that no crowned heads came to the Exhibition—instead,we have had to bo crowned ones. The poor Sultan can hardly go to a mosque, much less come to Paris ; the Emperor of Germany is otherwise occupied, and the Socialists keep Prince Bismark well employed : as for the Emperor of Russia, between the Nihilists and liis Asiatic perplexities, England on one side and China on the other, he may be excused remaining at home. Only think that the Exhibition and its collateral advantages and pleasures, just cost only the price of one year's civil list of Napoleon III.—less coup d'etat, wars for ideas, planting of the Latin races and expulsion of Gallic ones, I immoral invasions, and a keeping of Europe in a state of ^general unrest. But a word about the ball at Versailles. The naughty city did not invest even in an oil lamp, save the official residences ; indeed it struck me the reactionist inhabitants observed curfew hours for that night exclusively, in order to vex the invited. All was dark, muddy, and dismal till the palace gates were reached, and here a circular row of electric lamps were ranged round the great captains of France, and seemed to suggest a preparation to move on, "like the ghost in Don Giovani." There has been much exaggeration about the organization : ladies who had not patience to sit in their carriages till their turn came for an advance, stepped across the court-yard to save time—this is common at all receptions—the cloak room was too small and the attendants inexperienced, so there was an ugly crush. I have experienced something not unlike it at Buckingham Palace ; there the packing in the ante-chamber was trying, but people should be prepared for all this. How long did Lord Chesterfield keep Dr. Johnston waiting 1 Time works wonders. The door was opened to allow the Marshal and his suite of princes and princesses to pass, and then common mortals showed how they were exhausted by laying siege to an admirably served buffet, that soon put every one into good humor. I met a conjićre, the most philosophical of fellows on ordinary occasions, seated on a canape. He had a medeuse-raff expression of countenance ; was three hours blocked—not in ice, but in a Roman bath-room. In addition he had lost his wife, and all that apparently remained of her to celebrate a silver wedding was a lace mantle and some yards of tulle. I volunteered to discover the missing link, and carried off the intellectual creature, who was deep in Confucius with a professor of Oriental languages, and a Mandarin with all buttons on his blouse—so he must be a mighty man in Gath. The gallery of mirrors and of chandeliers in crystal, with countless lights, and orchestra _ at each extremity, and 80 couples whirling away at once, was sufficient to cure one of the tooth-ache, or think kindly for five minutes of your mother-in-law. How nice to get a friendly nod and a pretty smile from a lady, as she sails and pivots to the Bine Danube waltz ! It makes you desperately courageous, and you resolve to keep up to the last, by steadily marching on for the buffet at the South pole, when a lady, left by a heartless squire in the wall-flower position, begs to take pity on her, and in the name of auld lang syne, show her who's who, and get her an ice ; for being interested in Sunday schools, she said she could now understand the touching appeal of Dives to Father Abraham. Well, a stand-up supper, a good square meal, with Russians before you, Turks behind you, Austrians on the left, Chinese on the right, English and Americans everywhere, fifty different names for the wing of a chicken, thirty ditto for a salmon, twenty for an ice, ten for champagne, and none for thanks, such was the manner we supped before the great battle scene of " Abouker," and the " distribution of the eagles." The return to the vestry was equal to Stanley's across the dark continent ; it was uncertain where you might emerge. There was a scramble for your coat, but the assistants were so obliging as to allow you to help yourself. A French general, with as many medals as a sewing machine manufacturer, bemoaned neither the loss of cloak nor his képi, but his cigars—these gone, like life, were gone for ever. The clerical and monarchical parties have tried to make capital out of the funeral of Mgr. Dupanloup. The play was not with the candle. The deceased was a fighting soldier, never a general nor a leader. He ever went bravely into a battle, and adversaries respected him for his zeal, but none feared his blows. He had his Marengo and Austerlitz, but finished with his Waterloo, when he joined the late intrigues against the Republic. No political bishop ranks high in France, save in his own little set. Mgr. Dupanloup was not a bishop in the sense of caring for his sheep. When he arrived in his diocese, it was to wtite some pamphlet, or publish some letter. He had not the sangfroid, necessary for an administrator, nor the spirit of charity and toleration to catch men. He was not popular with his clergy, and his sentences for them were without appeal. The Republic intends at once inquiring into the dependency of the lower clergy on the episcopal bench, for there are some crying abuses here to redress. The deceased was cordially hatad by the late Pope, who had no necessity to boast, "ho would never make Mgr. Dupanloup a cardinal, for the latter being an illegitimate child, was thus disqualified for the hat. While lying in state in the cathedral, many persons brought objects to touch the bishop's lips and hands. Patience; in a little time, he will work miracles. 