THE NOVELIST. [Bï THE AUTHOB 03? " THE SQUAT-EBB'S DEEAM," tScO.] CHAPTER XXVI.-CONTINUED. " 1 trust so, most heartily," said Wilfred. " You will have helped to make a good many fortunes, only so far sis we are concerned. It would be a monstrous thing if you were not to recompense yourself in some way. I hope you will be a close .neighbour of Guy's, when you all portion out your ruas. I should like him to have your advice and help, in need. He is rather young to be upon his own responsibility. Of course, I shall have to go back myself." "You may rely upon my doing everything for him that I could do for my-own- brother," he answered, with a fervour of intonation which sur- prised his corupauion. " My eldest brother and I did little but fight, I am afraid ; but for a younger brother I could have done a great deal. Guy is a stunning fine young fellow. I have a first-rate no- tion of him. There is another reason, too ; I can hardly bring my tongue to tell you, but somehow I feel driven on to-night by something that I can- not fight against." " Talk away and tell me all that is in your heart, old fellow. There will be plenty of time, before , the moon gets up." " It is strange," said Hubert, rising as he spoke, and leaning against a mighty amygdolina, the topmost branches of which waved hundreds of feet above their heads in the sighing night wind. " 1 have a curious feeling of hope and excitement that I never remember before. We are just on the edge of this grand country that I told you of. To-mor- row, when we pass through this forest, we shall see the great Bogong range, Jail snow-covered, on our left ; the lake will be beneath, and all to the right a rich open grass country, such as none of you ever saw before." " You are to have your share of it, you know." " Yes ! so I suppose j all through your kindness I shall be able to stock it. But I want to know why you shouldn't all take np two or three runs each more than you are able to occupy, and sell the people who are dead sure to come rushing in from the other colonies." " That certainly is a good idea. I will talk to Hamilton and Argyll about it, and see what they say." " They are a trifle too cautious, it strikes me. They wish to see their way, and all that. That's all well ; but the time is passing, little as some of us have done with it. Depend upon it we don't find a new country like this twice in one lifetime. My opinion is, that we ought to make the best of this chance." " You seem to have taken a money-making turn, Hubert. I never heard you say a word about profit and loss before." "I am changed-I know that;" and as he uttered the words, Wilfred thought that he could see their leader's dark eyes flash through the mid- night air. " Wilfred Effingham, I have dared to think about your sister Annabel. She is the angel who will lead me out of the darkness in which I have been so long stumbling and groping." " My sister Annabel !" echoed Wilfred, in great astonishment; "does she know of your feeling ?" " How should she ?" said Hubert, sadly. " I have not changed my shape yet, like the Prince in the fairy tale. I read that you see. But before I have been here a couple of years, Effingham, you will see Hubert Warleigh an altered man. I shall work at my books. I shall work at my business, as cattle-owner, and I shall, for her sake, take to the trade of money-making, which I never cast a thought on before." " Then what do you intend to do ?" " At the end of that time," continued Hubert, " I shall put it to you, if nothing comes in the way, whether I am warranted in asking your sister to be my wife. If you say no, I will take your word for it, and follow out my luck as I best can. But, win or lose, you shall see what I can do when I have made up my mind." " My dear fellow," said Wilfred, deeply touched at once by the passion, and yet the lowliness of spirit, displayed by the fettered Titan before him. " Do not doubt that you have my warmest sym- pathies. As far as my sister's tastes and inclina- tion are concerned, I can say and promise nothing. But you shall have a fair field ; and if, at the end of two years, your position entitles you to ask a girl of her class to share your lot, I will do all that a friend and a brother can." " Then I may hope. But I will not overmuch, lest the fall be too great. But do you really think in your heart that a girl, such as she is, fit to grace a court, could ever cast a thought upon a man like me, no matter how he struggled to make himself more like what God intended him to be ?" " As I said before, Hubert, I can but wish you God-speed. Never by me will any pressure be placed upon the free affections of those I love so dearly. But I can tell you this, speaking as one who has seen something of life, that many a woman born to rank, riches, and honour, would pause before she said nay to the suit of a man cast in the mould of Hubert Warleigh." As be spoke the words of friendly cheer, a new spirit seemed to animate the long hopeless out- law. " By Heaven !" he said, " you have given me fresh life. I am a new man. I have often heard uiy poor old governor say, that we were descended from Lo*J farleigh, of .Warleigh, Barton;.the man who wae stich a ûMtaiw of King Ûaaïlès'} but I never troubled my head about it, thinking that any fellow who could ride the worst horse in the district with a halter and face a 4 rager' single- handed at a gate, was man enough not to mind who his forefathers ware, Now I know-now I can see-what a state of brutal ignorance I was contented with. I feel now, for the first time, as if the spirit of my ancestors woke up in me. You shall see for yourself. I do not ask you to take anything on trust, but to look on at what I can do." " I can well understand, from what you have done, ray dear l'elluw, what you are likely to attain to with a fair field and proper scope for ycmr energies. This glorious new country will be wide enough for all. I suppose there is no great danger of bBing attacked by che blacks now." "To-uiorrow we shall sight Lake Omeo. You will have some idea of the size and quality of the country, when you see it spread out before you. If they do not wait for us there, they have given up the notion. But what if they doP I feel equal to a thousand of them, single-handed." # * * # * Wilfred's watch was ended. He was anxious enough to find his couch in the tent, where he c ould throw himself down and pas3 instantly into the dreamless sleep which comes so swift and sure to the watcher and the wayfarer. But he saw the tall form of their leader move off on his round, with his usual stately stride, as if sleep and rest were to him superfluous luxuries. t The morn arose, tranquil, balm-hreathing, glo- rious. As the cattle followed the winding course of astream through the still, trackless, primeval forest, a feeling of deep relief, amounting to exhilaration, pervaded the whole party. It was generally known that the outskirts of the monotonous forest track would be reached that evening ; that they would probably be afforded, ere another day closed, a glimpse of the long sought land of promise. For this goal all were commencing to wax impa- tient. Very few articles connected with the com- fort of the party could be carried by the pack animals, so that it chanced that everyone's ward- robe was in a dilapidated and unsatisfactory condition. The horses were jaded, the cattle leg weary, the men tired out, with the changeless monotony of the wilderness. All heard with joy the intelligence that they were now to debouch upon the "open country." The journey of this day was, for reasons given, remarkably short ; indeed, not above one half ot the usual distance. The leader had stated that he wished the rear-guard to close up, as they might have to defend themselves. In the case of a sur- prise, it was well to have their whole available force within call. As is customary when any deeplyreasoned move- ment is initiated, .there were dissentients. " Why stop and lose half a stage ?" " Why not pick out a scout, and go fearlessly forward without start- ling the wild men of the woods, who might, after all, be pacifically inclined ?" This last suggestion was that of Argyll, who, always impatient, could with difficulty brook the slow daily advance of the leading drove. The impetuous Highlander, who had not hitherto had experience of hand to hand fighting with the wild tribes of the land, was inclined to undervalue the danger of an attack upon a well armed party. But HubertfWarleigh, in this juncture shewed that, unobtrusive as was his ordinary demeanour, be was not disposed to surrender his rights as a duly appointed leader. " I am sorry we don't agree," he said ; " but 1 shall take my own way, until we make the open country I told you ali about. As to the blacks, no man can ever say I was afraid of them, or of any- thing else, for that matter, only I know ali about their ways. ïou don't, of course, and I thiuk it the right thing to be well prepared. Oid Tom saw a heavy lot of tracks only yesterday; all fighting men too, not a gin among them. He didn't like the look of it. What's more, I don't. We must make the camps as close as we can to-night, and keep a bright look-out for the beggars, or Faith full's men won't be all they will have to brag about." Argyll was by no means satisfied that these were not entirely groundless fears, and that they were not losing time by remaining in this hopeless monotonous wilderness longer than was necessary. But he was outvoted by the others, who saw the justness of their leader's reasoning, and coincided with his plan of operation. Manwhile the first drove, after having been fed until sundown, was camped in a bend of the deep sedgy creek, and the usual watch-fires lighted. This spot was peculiarly suited for an encamp- ment of the sort, inasmuch as the long line of an outcrop of volcanic trap, which ran transversely to the little watercourse, closed one side of the half circle. This was not, of course, an actual fence, but being composed of rough stone slabs and enor- mous boulders, did not invite clambering on the part of the footsore cattle. The other contingent was also guided into camp, a short distance in the rear, in an angle of the lava country, which was also thickly timbered. "With the lighting of the watch-fires and the routine attention tb the ordinary duties of the camp, amore tranquil spirit .-eemed to pervade the party. Argyll's impatience had subsided and he had, with his usual generosity, taken upon himself the task of making the round of both camps, and seeing that Hubert Warleigh's orders, as to each man having bis firearms ready, with a reasonable supply of cartridges, was rigidly carried out. Fred Ghurbett grumbled a good deal at having to take all this trouble for invisible and prob.ematical savag <s. "Be me sowl! then, Mr. Churhett," Bald old Tom, " if ye had one of their reed spears sticlcin' into ye for half a day, as I had wanst, you'id never need twice telling to have yer gun ready, like me, night and day. 'Tis the likes of me knows them well ; and if it wasn't for Mr. "Warleigh, it's little chance some of yees 'ud have to see yer friends j agin." i 41 Don't you think he's frightening us all ?" said Gerald O'More, with a careless laugh. " They must be very wonderful fellows, by all accounts. They have no bows and arrows, no lances, not even wooden Rewords, like Robinson Crusoe's savages. Surely they don't hit oftonijwitb, these clumsy spears of theirs. 11 suspect wa'rléígh's anxiety iä fäling'upon' his aeïvè's. Old Tom glared wrathfully into the speaker's eyes, for a little space, before he answered ; when he did, there was an air of bitter disdain, very rarely employed by the old man in his intercourse with gentlemen. Sure ye don't know the man, nor the crayturs yer sxaakin' about, half as well as old Crab there does. Why would ye, indade, and yer jist out of the ship and with the cry o the Castle Blake hounds still in yer ears. It's yerself that will make the fine bushman and tip-top settler, in time. But yer spoiliu' yerself, sir, talkin' that away, about thu best bushman between this and Swau Uiver, I don't care where the other is. Take care of yoree?/ then, Mr. O'ilore, when the spears begin fly in', and don't get separated from the party by no manner of manes." " You may depend upon me, Tom," said O'More, with a good humour that nothing was apparently able to shake. "My hands have always been taught to keep my head. I have been in woree places than this." "Bedad, if ye seen a big blackfellow steadying his womrah to let ye have a spear attwenty yards, or comin', like a flash of lightning, at ye with only his nullah-nullah, ye'd begin to doubt if ye wur eyer in a worse plaee." " I'm afraid there is something in the air of this country that alters the heart of an Irishman," said 0*More, "or Fd never hear one talk of a scrimmage with naked niggers as if it was a bay- onet struggle at a breach." " There's Irishmen that's rogues, and maybe cowards. I'm never the mon to deny there's fools among them," said the old man, sardonically. " Maybe we'll know who's right and who's wrong by this time to-morrow. My dogs has had their bristles upai! day, and there's blacks within scent of us this blessed minit, if I know a musk-duck from a teal," * a * * # «? * * * How fades the turmoil and distraction of daily thought beneath the cool, sweet light of starry midnight ! As each man paced silently between the smouldering watch-fires, ¿azing from time to time towards the recumbent motionless drove ; the darksome, silent, mysterious forest; the blue space-eternities- of the firmament ; a feeling of calm, that approaches to awe, fell on the party. High over tho dark line of the illimitable forest rose two towering snow-clad pinnacles, vast and j ghostly in their pallid grandeur. The little rivu- let murmured and rippled through the night-hush, plainly audible in the deep oppressive silence. " One would think," said Argyll to O'More, as they mot on one of their rounds by a watch-fire, " that this night will never come to an end. I can't think what possesses me, but I have an uneasy creeping, uncanny feeling, as Mrs. Teviot would say, that 1 cannot account for. The air seems to me charged with personal electricity. If there was a ghost possible in a land without previous occupation, I should swear that he, or she, was near us this minute." "Do you believe in ghosts, then?" asked O'More. "Most certainly," said Argyll, with cheerful affirmation ; " all Highlanders do. We have our family appearance-a spectre I should recommend no man to laugh at. But that something is going to happen, I will swear." " What on earth can happen," said O'More. " If it be only these cowardly, skulking niggers, I wish to Heaven they would show out. It would be quite a relief, after all this humbug of Warleigh's and that old fool of a stockman." " The old man's no fool," said Argyll, gravely ; " and though 1 felt annoyed, to-day, I never heard a soul say a word against his courage and bush 1 manship. Here he comes ; by Jove, he treads as silently as the * Bodach Glas* himself. What cheer, most noble General I" Hubert held up a warning hand. " Don't speak so loud,"he said ; ''andwill you mind my asking you to stand apart and to keep your eyes and ears open till dawn. Old Tom and I and the dogs are pretty well agreed that the blacks are not far off. I only hope the beggars will keep clear til' day- light. I intend to get out of this tribe's 'tauri' to- morrow. In the meantime, let every man keep his gun handy, for one never knows when a black- fellow will make his dart." " I shouldn't mind going into half a dozen with a good blackthorn," said O'More. "It's almost cowardly to pull trigger at a lot of naked men, I armed with sharp sticks." Hubert Warleigh looked straight at O'More's careless wayward countenance for a few seconds i before he answered; then he said, calmly, without I the least sign of irritation "You will find them very much better hands at single-stick than you have any idea of. I know you are very good, all round; but you can't allow for the wild-cat quickness of one of these fellows. As for the sharpened sticks, as you call them, if you get one through you, you may never have the chance of saying whether you would like another. For the present, you had better obey me, and per- haps you will be none the worse captain of a party, when they make you one. Don't go too near the rocks. Remember this, too ; if they make a rush, in numbers, we retreat upon that hill with the oaks on it. "We can hold them at bay there, or the deuce is in it." " And what about the cattle?" asked Argyll. "Let them rip. They can shift for themselves. Blacks can't do them any very great hurt. They may spear a few, but we can muster every hoof again in a week or ten days. There are no other herds here for them to mix with, and they won't go away from the water. I must move round now, and see that every man is prepared to defend his life and our property." (TO BB CONTINUED.) Th© Canterbury (New Zealand) team that defeated the Australian Eleven, have determined to make a tour through the colonies, to play all the principal clubs. The following are the appointments for the forth- coming circuit courts, tobe holden in October :-Mr. Mathew Henry Stephen to be judge at Dubbo and Grafton, Mr. Ö. J. Manning to prosecute at YasBand Goulburn, Mr. C. B. Stephen at Tamworth and Ar- midale, Mr. G. B. Simpson at Wagga, Albury, and DehiliquinjMr. F. E. Rpg'ers at Dubbo and Grafton; Mr, G, 0. Davis at Mudgee and Bathurst, 