FUEWS OF THE OftV The conference between the two Cham bers of Parliament will probably bo agreed to tc-morrow evening. The representatives of the Assembly will be Ur Berry . Sir Bryan O'Logblen, and Professor Pearson. The Council will probably bo represented by Sir Charles Sladen, Professor Hcarn, and tho hon. B. S. Andrerson. The conference, if appointed to-morrow evening, will most on Wednesday. We understand that the Govern ment is not at all sanguine as to the pro spects of the conference. All preparations aro being completed for bringing the Parliamentary session to an early cloBe. The Supplementary Estimates are being prepared, and an effort will be made during tho next few days to allow private members to puBh thoir business speedily through the requisite stages. The following are the deliveries of wheat and other produce at the Speacer street station of the Yictorian Railways for thp wsek ending 19th of Ootober: — Wheat, 3797 bags ; floor, 3921 bags ; pota toes, 10,619 bags; bran and pollard, 1071bags; oats, 118 bags; barley, 30 bags; malt, 100 bags; peas, 68 bags ; chaff, 8676 bags ; total 28,107 bags. A letter on Dr 81ade's seances will be fouud in the baok page. Mr Ponton, P.M., this morning granted a warrant for the arrest of William Woodlock, nn the information of his brother Charles Woodlock, the landlord of the New Zealand Tavern, Swanston street. The accused is wanted on tho chnrge of stealing a watch and chain, and other articles of jewellery, togsthor with £5 iu cash, the property of his brother Charles Woodlock. An aggra vating circumstance in connection with the case is, that tho wife of the informant is supposed to have left town with her brothor- ir,-law. Yesterday Sergeant Parkinson was In formed that a man named Peter Stockridge was lying ill at a house in Essex street, Prahrun, in a destitute state. He found Stockridgo, his wife, ;ahd five children, in a very deplorable way, without even bread; and, indeed, all were suffering from the com plaint of starvation. The sergeant got up u Bubscriptiou at ouce, and was able to give the wretched people some food, at all events. This matter well deserves the at tention of the charitable, Btockrldge is a eepectable laborer. Tbe conduct of the larrikins in Carlton has at last assumed such a serious aspect that unlesB the efforts of the police in abating he nuisance nro occondedby tbe magistrates, this suburb of tbe city will become un endurable fcr the citizens to reside in. ThiB morning, two young men, named William O'Connor and Patrick Lyoch wero brought up at the Oity Police Court charged with insulting behaviour aud violently assault ing the police. The prisoners wore exceed ingly rowdy on Saturday afternoon last, in Madeline street, nnd, upon being arrested by Constable Pollard, tboy turned against the officer, who, but for the timely arrival of Constables Millea and Ridden, would hsve been seriously maltreated, Aa it was, the prieoners attacked tbe three policemen and assaulted., them in a most brutal manner, Mr Pan too, P.M., Baid that the bench wero determined, finding that leniency was of no avail, to try what harsher measures would effect. The prisoners were sect to gaol for six months each, and were ordered to find two sureties each in £25 to keep tha peace for an additional six months on tho ex piration of their sentence. Some children, belonging ton resident of Egortou, named Watkiuson, had au idea tbat by walking nine times round an old Bhuft a ghost would como.np. No ghost cKme up, but n little toddler, named Bessy, getting giddy at tbo filth round, staggered, and went down the shaft head first. Some dry buBhcs about 50ft, below caught her hody, Her father got her up, and, strange to say, Bbe was not bnrt, Mr Matthew Burnett, nfter a moat success ful csmpaign at Stawell, then at Colling- wood, lias now commenced a similar movement at Emerald Hill, the first meeting of which was held on Saturday evening last, Mr Bnrnett is a man poEsessed of unlimited perseverance and energy, and huB also tho ability to sccttro the services ol tho people wherever he goes. The immeuso crowds that flocked round him on Saturday night show that Emerald Hill is no exception to this rule, and the Dumberof those who gave their services to help on this work must have given fresh vigor to tho movement. About dusk large numbers might be seen wending their way to tho Temperance Hall, where a precession was formed, consisting of, first, tho Borough Council's banner, Clarke's brass band, n lorry on which a largo transparency and a handsomely painted banner wero fixed, a lnrge and effective choir, the Emerald Hill fife and .drum baud, members of temperance sooietios in large numborp, Chapman's fife nnd drum band ; tbe whole under the leadership of Messrs Edwards and Stovens, The police, under Bub-inspector Toohey, wero present, but had very little to do, good order being observed everywhere. Torch-bearers lined the procession, and colored fire was burned nt varionB singes of the route, while the mayor nod othors illuminated thoir housas us the procession passed. The meeting hold on the Orphanage Roservo w»b large, not loss than 10,000 persons being present, und tho cheering that greeted tbe chairman, Mr J. Nimmo, 11\. L. A., nnd Mr Burnett when thoy appeared, and nt intervals as tbey spoke, showed that tho interest in tbe movement wna real and genuine, The speeches made here nnd sub sequently in tho Mechanics' Institute aud Wcsleynn school-room wore good. Mr Nimmo spoke twice, Mr Bnrnett three times; and Rev W. P. Wells and Sergeant Fsnton, in presiding at tbe meetings, gave excollent and effective addresses, Both buildings were crowded to excess. Ladies and gentle men rendered valuable assistance in Binging. Much timo was taken up at the close ofjeach meeting iu signing tho pledge; and in making up tho nnmberB on Bnturday, it it wob found that between 600 and 600 had been enrolled during tbe week, Mr Burnett will remain hero one montb, thon spend a similar period at Sandridge. A Prahran ghost turned up at tho local court to-day, in the case of Onge v. Gardner, for threatening language, Tho provocation nlloged was that Oaga had been concerned in frightening women and children with the celebrated ghost, bat this was denied, and not proved. It appeared that somehow a thing, purporting to ue a ghost, was stuck up against tho fence of Ongc's garden, and terrified Botna women 'and children, under tbe slanting raya of the moon. Being valorouBly attacked by Gardner, it resolved itself into a bundle of newspapers, fantasti cally arranged and draped. The case was dismissed, Messrs M'Oullooh, Oampboll and Oo, to day submitted to competition tho privilegos connected with tho Oaul field races, which tako place next Saturday. Tho following was tho result: — Grand Btaud bar, P. D'Aroy, £20; booth sito on flat, P. D'Arcy, £16; outer carriage paddock, — Hickoy, £6. An inquest was held nttlio Pier Hotel, Svn- diidge.thismoruingberoraMrOandlor,ou the body of aseaman, namodNicholns Christopher. Tho witnesses examined clearly showed that deceased fell off the pior on the night of the 19th while ho was waiting for a smnll boot to convoy him to the vessel. The jnry retnrnod a verdict of accidentally drowned. In tha Frahran Court to-day, Edwin Gough, landlord of the Palace Hotel, was summoned for selling liquor at 2 o'clock on tho morning of tho 15th. Or Gatehouse was mixed up in the obbo. Evidence waB given by several policemen of a domiciliary visit to Gough'B. Mr Gatehonso opened tho door nt 2 a.md and said he was Mr Gough, Tho eonBtnblesropHed that they knew very well he wasn't, and Mr Gntehouee used some language which led tD his being charged, on this 'occasion, with obstructing tho polieo in diBchargo of their duty. The policemen said Mr Gate house was somewhat intoxicated, to whioh ho retaliated by informing the bench, in an excited tone, that one of the constables was "as unmitigated a liar as ever he mat." Inspeotor Toohey said he could not allow such a remark to pass without protest, Mr Gatehouse, howorer, ropoated it, and then walked out of court Indignantly, saying he could not listen to snoh lies I The particular constable ho objected to Bwore to hearing dies shaken, and to seeing money changed about "like iu a counting honBe." Another constable saw one of . the patties drinking either wine or dark brandy, and others had glasses before them. There wore three or four people in the bar, Tbe bench fined Gough £2, aud Gatehouse £1. Between 200 and 300 persons Bvailed themselves of the visit of the Golden Grown to Queenecliff aud Sorrento yesterday, and they were happily removed 'from the duBt which raged through the city in the earlier portions of tbo duy, A band accompanied the Bteamer and played at intervals detec tions of sacred music in n style whioh ren dered them moBt enjoyable to the excur sionists, who returned to the Sandridge rail way pier in excellent time. Miss Ada Ward arrived this morning, by the Yictorian, She returns to Adelaide, to cioso tho dramatic season there, in Novem ber, ' AffairB connected with the disputed land at the docks do not seem to advance any further towards a termination, the ques tion between tho contending parties at pre sent being in what manner an arbi tration should be entered into, whether between laymen or professionals, or a little of both, ft will iu all probability be finally settled during the week, and the Question of title of MessrB Wright, Orr, and Go. proven in a pcaceablo manner. The business of Sauuders Benjamin, pawn broker, 81 Swanston street, were broken open between tbe hour of closing on Saturday night nnd Sunday morniag, nnd property, consisting of jewellery nnd miscellaneous articles, to the value of £150, was stolen. The burglars prized tho back door open, nnd as no one resided on the premises, the thieves bad little difficulty iu clearing tbe shop of its most valnable aud portable contents. Nothing fresh has transpired relative to the disappearance of Mr J. S. Denny, tho secre tary of tho Fourth Permanent Building So ciety, The auditors are still engaged in their scrntiny of tho books of the society, aud it is stntod that additional defalca tions have been discovered beyond those indicated by The Hebald of Saturday, but nc tho committee of the society decline to Bfford any information to the PresB, it is impossible to give further particulars to-day. l'he detectives are still under the impression that the missing man is in hiding. The Bendigo Advertiser reports that on Tuesday afternoon la9t, an accident of a very extraordinory natnro befel Mr John Gray, a member of tho Sandhurst Mining Board. Mr Gray is ono of the tributors of tho Lazarus Company, and was at work at the 600ft level. From that to the level below, is a pass, nboot 40ft in length. This became choked with quartz, and is order to clear it, Mr Gray and his mate got a long bar of wood, nnd commenced poking with it down the pass, Whilst in the act of doing so, the quDitz suddenly started, and Mr Gray being unable to recover himself, fell head long down the pass in to tho quartz, in which he was in an inBtant buried, head downwards. All that conid be seea of him above tbe quartz were his feet. His mate giving tbe alarm, one of the other tributors, 61 r R. FergusBon, rushed to tho spot. He immediately saw the situation, and, with praiseworthy promptitude aud presence of mind, fastened a rope round Mr Grny's feot, and secured the other end of the rope to a stab across tha top of the pass. At the snme time he Beat one of tho men down to tbe bottom of the pass to work tho quartz down. This was done, and in a- very Bboit time the qunrtz fell away from Mr Gray, who wa9 then got up, His rescue wub not a bit too soon, as a few seconds more would probably have resulted fatally. As it was, he loBt consciousness for a short time, having beou almost suffocated, For tunately, however, beyond the shaking aud exhaustion consequent to tho accident, Mr Gray has eecaped without injury. The Sydney Evening News states that a laughable incident occurred on Tuesday night duting the performance of the Lady of Lyons at the Theatre Royal, While Mr J. P. West was enaoting tho character of the heavy villain, Beauscant,aud when in dialogue with Miss Myra Kemble, who personated Pauline, an elderly country gentleman, who wub sitting with two Indies, nnd who was evidently carried away with tho apparent reality of tho scene, suddenly called on the audience to rescue tho lady aud foroe the villain off tho Htage, On being told it wbs all in tho play, ho collected his thoughts, nnd appeared eomowhat abashed. It is needlr-BD to tmy that bio oonduot caused a hcaity laugh from all parts of the house, Acording to the Qeeloug Advertiser, a valuable rctrievor dog, belonging to Mr Brown, of tho Harbor Office, while gambol ling in the water of the bay on Saturday afternoon, was nttackod by a lirgo Etingray, which drove its jagged sting into tho poor animal's side to n depth of four inches. Tho <iog, in getting away from its nssaileut, car ried with it about eight inches of tho sting, whioh it nfierwarus dragged from its flesh with its mouth. A Sydney journnl writes:— "A lover of Australia," who does not, like a common " native," vningloriously " blow tho colonial trumpet," is feverishly nnxious that each of !' the twelve men who have brought the oo- lonieB so prominoutly before the mothor country" by their skill in cricket, should roceivo a '! national " testimonial; nnd bo suggests that a gold Bhield or cup, " made of Australian gold and of Aus tralian manufacture," should be presented to each of them; Towards this object ho doeB not offer £60 out of his own pocket, but thinks £1000 should be placed upoa the Estimates, To bo suro, if the gold shield didn't como from tho Government it would not be a "national " testimonial, But three colonics arc represented in tbe team ; and if Now South Wales is to give £1000 towards trophies, Victoria nnd Tasmania should do tho same ; and by tho time you think of devoting £3000 to the purpose, the whole soheme topples over through its intriosio absurdity. One of tbe English journals says that each of tho crioks eters will take away £1500 from tbe mother- country; and if thnt statement be true, it may be considered that they have already receivod a very handsome " national " test! ' moninl. Never before has Groat Britain ssnt a tenm of orlokotera from her shores »n ! splendidly laden with spoil. Considering tha i finanoial results of tho bold excursion wo 1 think any beBtowment of Australian test; j monials may safely be left to cricket clabn and private generosity. From tho Gcolong Adveitiser we lenrn that a youth named Lionel A, H. Oorbett, who has been reported as misaing from his p0jt of midshipman on board tho ship Melbourne lying at WilliamstoWD, wns found ou Satur dny afternoon by Constable Bandinaholnlean Etato of intoxication in Yarra-stroet. Oorbstt was taken to the lockup. j Tho Sydney Evening News writeB It ;a ' somewhat carious that Mr Berry's famous Reform Bill was read u first timo by the Legislative Council on the motion of Sir Charles Sladen, It wonld seem that there is not a single member of tho Upper House who would consent to Btand sponsor for the Minis- teriBl measure, and the leador of the Houbo" who is tho leader of the Opposition, was obliged to move it pro forma, In order that it might receive consideration. Mr Berrv's f„i,= will eay thnt it is n sign 0f f tho absurdity of the measure that none of tho representatives of the Well-to-do classes would do more than touch it with the tongs. Whether this be a correct viow or not it is obviously very unsatisfactory thnt the Council should be so entiroly onto! sympathy with tho people that it shares none of the views of the majority of tho eleotors. One of the eafguards of truth is ' hat error should be fairly nnd fully discussed ; and the best eecurity for the adoption of wise" 1 measureB by tho Counoil would bo tho fact ; that foolish ideas, extensively adopted ehonld ho fairly represented in that body' It is recognised by all parties that thoro must j bo some alteration in tha constitution of the Council, and we Bee that Sir Charles Sladen and Mr Berry havo agreed to a con- ference. If they can reconcile their con- ! dieting viewa without appealing to the Home ' Government thoy willoonferagreatbeaefitou ' their colony and indirectly on the whole 1 group of Austrelian colonies, Mr, Berry has 1 Bhown signs of considerable moderation of ' lata , and we are not without hope tbat ho t' will find some means of letting off a ' sufficient quantity of political gas, and yot ' exhibit the statesmanlike power of arranging a satisfactory compromise. i At tho Apollo Hall last Sunday evening ? Mr Alfred Miller, as advertised, lectured on i. Biblical Instruction in State Schools, The ii lecturer supported the populnr view ol tho cuestioD, Ho submitted that, though tho ob ject of the present act was ti respect tho prerogativeof the clergy and meet tbo miscel- S? laceous creeds and nationalities of the colony t. yet in a democratic country, where tho raa- tr jority rnle, their voice ehonld be respected in matters of religion as in matters of etato. | Tho majority in the country nt the present | time were in favor of the innovation. Aliens conform to oar laws ; these are baBed upon f Christian principles ; and as we do not con- cede the principles of law to meet our com- f- plox nationalities, why should we concede r our national religion to meet a variety of . creeds? The nature of religion demands h that it ehall bo recognised in every phase of i ' life; and in tho education of the young the : basis of Christianity Bhould bo laid. For : thiR reason, the Christian population insist 5 on it. Tbe secularists dread tho innovation; i it means to them tho abolition of State aid. The sccuinriete are a sect, aud the secular : clause is not maintained in the presence of ' tbe fact that the spiritualists are subsidised ; by tbe present Aot, With a Christian's con- , science, from a Christian's view, in a Christian ; nation, prefacing its legislative deliberations : with prayor, do the majority ask too much? They ask that tho book whioh saturates all ! literature with its influence; upon which i moro genius and labor have been bestowed for its preservation than have been expouded 1 upon any works extant; a book that has b come to us through the conflict of ages, f singed with tbe fireB of persecution, aud 1 stained with the blood of the saints; and, j:\ above ail, a book that was deeply engraven j \ on their hearts, and interwoven with their S; lives, Bhould be combined with the education i'< of their children. j: Attention is culled to an arrangement made liy b- tho Mclbnurnu Tramway and omnibus Co. to run a j. 'bus from St Kilda and South Yarra to Spencer st. Railway Station in tho til truing, i;i time to meet the early train for Ballarat and Bandhurst. 