CHAPTER XX. COUNT SOOBDA AND HIS SISTER. THE shouts of alarm were raised bee ana the people at that end of the narrow street feared they were about to be trampled upon by the horsemen, who had appeared suddenly and at a gallop from another Btreet. Countess Inez glanced in that direction, and, as the horsemen were not more than five hundred paces distant, readily recognised a party of Count Scorda's mounted body guards, and amid them she fancied she saw Count Scorda himself. The mounted body-guards of the count were of a very different class of the people of Barcelona from that of which his foot guardB were composed. The latter were mainly from the lower ranks of the populace, though their captains and chief officers were members of some of the inferior orders of the Catalan nobility; whereas the privates as well as the officers of the mounted guards were all members of the higher ordera of nobility. Most of the privates of these horsemen were wild, reckless, and dissipated young nobles, scions of families which, in the late political struggle between Scorda and Torreda, were strong partisans of the ambitious and unscrupulous count. Fifty of these young nobleB, aroused to action at an early hour by the salvo3 of cannon, and by the various rumours suddenly afloat throughout the city soon after it beoame known that Lady Mazeenta had escaped frem the Scorda palaoe, had assem bled in haste before the latter edifice in The Bambla, and then ridden here and there about the oifcy seeking the count. They met him just after he had hurried from the fortres3 of The Arsenals, and one o them immediately dismounted and gave up his horse to the count. The count was scarcely in t lie saddle when he was informep that Lady Mazeenta was in the litter of the supposed Florentine, and that the bearers of the litter had taken a roata which, i£ not. changed, would carry them to the rear of the Scorda palace- The count then directed his own course thitherward by the shortest route, and accompanied by the young nobles, and riding fast, appeared ab one end of the narrow and now crowded street, as we have JuBt related. The horsemen, glittering in burnished steel of the moat costly and showy armour of the times, and armed with long lances, appeared so suddenly in the rear of the rabble, that the latter shouted in terror, knowing that since Count Storda had become absolute ruler in Barcelona neither he nor his partisans showed any respect for the lives and limbB of such of the common people as chanced to be in the way of the reckless and cruel nobility. .? "What means all thiB collection of the rabble and riff-raff of Barcelona in the rear of our palaces I" exclaimed Count Scorda, annoyed by what he saw, and riding abreast with three young nobles in advance of the others. "Rein up a moment, gentlemen. Not that I care for the comfort of these base born knaves before us-but, my faith, they are too'closely packed and pressed together in this narrow street to allow us to ride through or over them, Ha! I see the lances of my noble sister's body-guard, her banner, and-yes, that is she-and the rioh litter of Signor Carretta. What oan be going on there ? The countess appears to be striking some one. She has a most devilish temper. Forward, gentlemen. Out of the way, vagabonds! Prick the knaves with-your spear-points, gentlemen! Fotward!" The stem, harsh and powerful voice of the fiery and ruthless count was plainly heard above the cries of terror and appeal raised by the unoffending people near his horse men. He was very pale, and his eyes, always sinister, had a ferooious glare, while his hard-lined features looked unusually for midable and forbidding as they were framed in the white and stained cloth with whioh Esau had bandaged the lacerated ear. Chafed, bruised, chagrined and sore from his reoent struggle with Lord Haralda, Count Soorda was in no mood to be merciful to the common people of Barcelona, ospeoi ally a3 he had lately heard that many of their number had uttered what he called seditious whisperings in out-of-the-way corners against hiB exercise of absolute i power. * The unfortunate people got out of the way of the advancing nobles as well and as faBt as they could-pressing againBt each other, climbing upon each other's heads and shoulders,'Scrambling like squirrels and catB up the Bteep walls on either .side of the narrow Btreet wherever they, could find a crevice to place a finger .or a toe, while here and there some sank down and were re morselessly trodden npon by their terrified comrades. Bilbao saw that the same terror and press would soon be near the gate of his hired palaoe, and that his foliage-hidden grounds would naturally he rushed for as a plaoe of refuge by hundreds of people who would no longer remember the tales of ghosts that hung about the place. . He spoke privately to Ahmed Ali, and in stantly that active subordinate forced his way through the Inez guards that were between the litter and the gateway, and a moment later saw ihe strong gate closed and barred. Meanwhile Countess Inez commanded her guards beyond the litter to faoe about and level their lances towards the people who were between' the advancing nobles and her own party. _ " It is my brother," thought the countess, " and he would not suffer me to Bcourge this rascal Galloz, perhaps. I shall have time to give the insolent hound a very fine thrashing, however, before my brother can oheok me-if I work faBt." The countess then proceeded to " work faBt," and, to do ijer justice, we must say that she did "work fast," and give Juan Galloz a most rapid, searching, stinging, slashing, and powerful Bcourging-being not in the least particular whether the scourge fell upon his head, back, hands or heels. At the same time it iB necessary to say that Galloz did not receive a blow more than his constitutional rascality and long un punished villainy deserved. Eeining up her well-trained palfrey near the kneeling wretch, and leaning well over him, the countess stormed down a perfect tempest of strokes upon him. The countess had the strength of. a strong man, -and Juan Galloz had not the fortitude [ that had enabled Dama Boveda to receive her punishment without a whimper. He howled 1 He roared ! He bellowed I Dama Boveda danced and quivered with delight. More than once while the scourge was falling upon her shoulders Bhe had noted the eager joy with which the inn keeper leered, grinned, and stared at her over the helmet of the accommodating soldier., It was her turn to be joyful now. yet she was not wholly satisfied, for more than once she said to herself: I " Ob, I wish Phillip Parez could have half of it for calling me a snap-dragon 1" We do not know how many blows Galloz received ere the countess desisted from her working so fast. He had a strong belief that he received somewhere in the neighbourhood of fitfe millions-though probably not more than a hundred strokes were struck when Count Scorda called out: "Countess! Sister 1 Inez! Stop !? Cease that work! For shame! Sfop!" But the count was not near enough to seize his sister'B arm »s he thus shouted; and when did an angry woman ever hold her striking arm or railing tongue the inBtant lawful or unlawful authority comiiianded her obedience. On the contrary, the countesB dealt her strokes all the faster and fiercer after the count shouted at' her, till he dashed forward and severed the descending scourge near her hand with a furious sweep of his keen-edged sword; so that we are pleased iu being able to say that the guilty and howling innkeeper received about a hundred and twenty blows -which were by no means a whipping for a baby." As a final blow the countesB hurled the heavy butt of the scourge at the head of Galloz, and as she waB very expert in hurling all kinds of ? missiles' at her servants, the weighty mass, as hard as stone, Btruck the brutal rascal squarely between his ugly eyes, and tumbled him over upon hi* back. All in all, thiB punishment was the worst and most complete overthrow Juan (Jalloz bad ever had-especially as it was inflicted in public and by the hand of a woman. " Shame, sister 1" exclaimed Count Scorda, as he reined np his horse abresb with that of the fuming countess. " Shame J Why this public display of your stormy temper ?" " The rascal-your pet knave there-spoke insolently to me in public," replied the countess, her voice and lips tremulous with rage aud excitement. " And when I offered to punish him in public he dared to clap his beastly hand upon the hilt of his Bword." " Mylord," said Galloz, who had scrambled to hiB knees, " as I am a living man, I meant no disrespect to the noble countess 1 _ I-" " Silence in my presence 1" cried the voloanic woman. " Speak again before me: in your defence, and by heaven I will have yoq cut to pieces on .the spot. You have offended me, and escaped with your life. Tou are more fortunate than many others have been. Another time you may not be so fortunate." Her eyes darted Buch terrible rage at the innkeeper -that he -hung his greab bull-like head and trembled in his buBkins. "Tout dear lady-love," continued the countess, and addressing the scowling count, " is iu that litter-as you see. I advise you to lose no'time in making her* First Lady of Barcelona, or she may escape your love for ever." Turning then to the captain of her guards, she gave some brief command, and rode haughtily fand slowly toward the rear entrance of the Scorda palace. Her troops closed around and behind her, and moved with her. ' " I would she were dead-or the wife of Balbac the Saracen-or anywhere out of Christendom-that I might never 'Bee he face or hear her voice again 1" muttered Count Scorda, as he darted a glance of wrath and chagrin after his sister. " I would the Englishman she loved had loved her, married her, and carried her hence fifteen years ago I She was half-fiend then, but Bince he scorned her love she has become all fiend. I would the demon bad her 1 I am afraid of her 1" He turned to the sergeant of.' his foot guards and said: " Explain thiB soourging, Fabio Alvaro." The sergeant obeyed, and, with the brevity of a veteran, as far as he understood the matter. " I admire and will reward your zeal, Juan Galloz, though I cannot believe that Countess Inez would have made Lady Mazeenta quit the litter," said Count Scorda. " Such purpose was plain upon the faoe of her highness," remarked the sergeant, who had no love for the countess, " eke I am sure Master Galloz would not have spoken so boldly as he did." " May I die in the clutches of the inob of Barcelona, if I Bpoke a single word," said Galloz to himself. " It was Senor Richard -may the fiend confound and claw him and Senor Arthur!" He rolled his,fierce and bloodshot eyes around, and as they met the Bteady and powerful gaze of Master Alaxton, he trembled again and let his glance rove elsewhere. "Unbind Galloz, sergeant," commanded the count. " And, Galloz," he continued, " you shall have a hundred pieceB of gold for what you have suffered, and for your zeal in my service to-day. You were right and brave to say that all honour should be given to the intended bride of Count Scorda. Come hither to my stirrup that I may whisper something." Galloz obeyed, his arms being now free. "You,, are .not, that kind of a man," whispered the count,, "whose scars from a scourge can be healed by gold." Galloz gazed keenly up into the dark and sinister eyes of the noble, and read there that which emboldened him to reply: " Your greatness knows me well." " So I thought, Galloz. But accept the hundred pieces-they will be paid to you'at my palace to-morrow-and ten times as many shall be yours if within a week yon proud lady's high head is lower-much lower than we see it to-day. Tou understand me ?" 'Perfectly, my lord." " By my faith," continued the count, scowling, "the life of my bride will' not be safe, I think,~a(ter the look of fiendish hate the oounteBB cast upon her as she rode away." To be continued. 