ROME NEWS FROM A FRENCH POINT OF VIEW. (ntOM OUIt OWN UOKUESI'ONDEXT.) Pahis, 2Gth Octoiioi-. France boasts of many " three glorious days," but none can surpass tho trio which commenced on Sunday last, continued on Monday in the distribution of recompenses and terminated on Tuesday by inflicting 011 Versailles, the hot-bed of reactionism, and the focus of hostility against the exhibition, a magnificent ball that ought to start the relic even of a phantom in tho palace sacred to all the glories of France. O11 each day the weather threatened to be awful, and there were journals unpatriotic enough to rejoice, but after a few hours the sun appeared in Austerlitz splendor. Flags, lanterns, and fireworks were everywhere, and, as usual, the population went in for the matter alone. The days of ollicial illuminations are over. And tho joy of the people, their sobriety, tran quility, and even kindness, when in crowds. The free theatres were filled to overflowing, the spectators attending in Sunday costume; policemen were as scarce as dodos; indeed, it is now becoming an axiom that when you desire Parisians to keep the peacc the best manner is to invite each citizcn to act as a speeial-moral-constable. Only dynasties re quire force to ensure obedience, and coercion to secure quietness. Tho distribution of the prizes was a bril liant affair, but it was also dashed with melancholy and tinged with regret. Only think of 22,000 people, joyfdl and sorrowful at once—happy at the success of vast, united efforts, and sad that these had ceased to be collective. As for tho decoration of the Palace, and the march of the ceremony, nothing was amiss; the right thing was in the right place. Some journalists com plain of having been overlooked, which perhaps could not bo helped, as space was limited, but strangers can have this much consolation that French editors fared even worse. The Marshal's speech was tho poli tical event;, the Minister of Agriculture re capitulated the results of the show, and expatiated on its morale. The ladies were charmed with a look at many great ones of the earth, and delighted with tho collection of brilliant uniforms; none but rejoiced at the awards bestowed, or the honors con ferred. The Marshal's speech was not a common place matter; in it he ntakes his public reconciliation with the Republic; he confesses it to bo a success; to have secured honor, glory, peace, and prosperity for the country; avows the exhibition just closed has surpassed all that this country had over witnessed. Imagine the importance of this discourse posted in every mayoralty, and on all the spare hoardings of France, at a moment too when the Senatorial elections are on the eve of opening, and when the monarchal journals were twice a day and once a week preaching up the contrary. If MacMahon continues to employ his common sense in this manner, the Republicans will save him from being eaten up by the de feated factions by electing him President for the second term, and thus give the new regime the necessary time to train its friends to executive and administrative duties. The charge hitherto against the Republic was that it gave neither f«Jtes nor balls—we have just had a surfeit of them—that no crowned heads came to the exhibition—in stead we have had to be crowned ones. The poor Sultan can hardly go to a mosque, much less to come to Paris; the Emperor of Germany is otherwise occupied, and the socialists keep Prince Bismarck well em ployed. As for tho Emperor of Russia, be tween the Nihilists and his Asiatic per plexities, England on one side, and China on the other, he may be excused remaining at homo. Only think that the exhibition and its collateral advantages and pleasures just cost only the jirice of one year's civil list of Napoleon III., less coup d'etat, wars for ideas, planting of Latin races and expulsion of Gallic ones, immoral invasions, and the keeping of Europe in a state of general unrest. But a word about the ball at Versailles. The naughty city did not invest even in an oil lamp, save the official residences; indeed it struck mo the reactionist inhabitants ob served curfew hours for that night exclu sively, in order to vex the invited. All was dark, muddy and dismal, till the palace gates wero reached, and here a circular row of electric lamps were ranged round the great captains of France, and seemed to suggest a preparation to move on, "like the ghost inDon Giovanni." There lias been much exaggeration about the organization; ladies who had not patience to sit in their carriages till then turn came for an advance, stepped across the courtyard to save time; this is common at all receptions. The cloak-room was too small, und the attendants inexperienced, so there was an ugly crush. I have experi enced something not unlike it at Bucking ham Palace; then the packing in the ante chamber was trying, but people should be prepared for all this. How long did Lord Chesterfield keep Dr. Johnson waiting Time works wonders. The door was opened to allow the Marshal and his suito cf princes and princesses to pass, and then common mortals showed how they were exhaustod by laying siege to an admirably served buffet, that soon put everyone into good humor. I met a confrere, the most philosophical of fellows on ordinary occasions, 6eated oil a, canape; ho had a Medeusa-raff expression of countcnanca; he was tinea hours blocked—not in ice, but in a Roman batli- rooni; in addition he had lost his wife, and all that apparently remained of her to celebrate a silver wedding was a lace mantle and some yards of tulle. I volun teered to discover the missing link, and car ried off the intellectual creature, who was deep in Confucius with a professor of Oriental languages, and a mandarin with all buttons on his blouse; so he must be a mighty man in Gath. The gallery of mirrors and of chandeliers in crystal, with countless lights; an orchestra at each extremity, and eighty couples whirling away at once, was sufficient to cure one of the tooth-ache, or think kindly for live minutes of your muthor-in law. How nice to got a friendly nod and a pretty smife from a lady as she sails and pivots to the Blue Danube Waltz. It makes you desperately courageous, and you resolve to keep up to the last, by steadily marching on for the buffet at the south poll, when a lady, left by a heartless spouse in the wall flower position, begs you to take pity on her, and in the name of Aukl Lang Syno, show her who's who, and get lier an ice; for being interested in Sunday schools, she s:iid she could now understand tho touching appeal of Dives to Father] Abraham. Well, a stand up supper, a good square meal, with Russians before you, Turks behind you, Austnans on the right, Chinese on the right, English and Americans everywhere, forty different names for the wing of a chicken, thirty ditto for a salmon, twenty for an ice, ten for a champagne, and none for thanks; such was the manner wo supped before the great battle scene of " Abouker " and the " distribution of the eagles." The return to the Vestievy was equal to Stanley's •across tho dark continent; it was uncertain where you might emerge. There was a scramble for your coat, but the assistants were so obliging as to allow you to help yourself. A French general, with as many medals as a sewing machine manufacturer, bemoaned neither the loss of his cloak nor his kepi, but his cigars—these gone, like life, were gone for ever. The clerical and monarchical parties have tried to make capital out of the funeral of Mqr. Dupauloup ; the play was not worth the candle. The deceased was a fighting soldier; never a general nor a leader ; he ever wens bravely into a battle, and adver saries respected him for his zeal, but none feared his blows. He had his Marengo and Austcrlitz, but finished with his Waterloo, when he joined the late intrigues against the Republic. No political bishop ranks high in France, save in his own little set. Mqr. Dupauloup wa3 not a bishop in the sense of earing his sheep ; when he arrived in his diocese it- was to write some pamphlet, or publish some letter. He had not the sawj froid necessary for an administrator, nor the spirit of charity and toleration to catch men. He was not popular with his clergy, and his sentences for them were without appeal. The Republic intends at once inquiring into tlie dependency of the lower clergy on tlie episcopal bench, for there are sumo crying abuses here to redress. Tlie deceased was cordially hated by the late Pope, who had no necessity to boast he ivould never make Mqr. Dupouloup a cardinal, for the latter, being an illegitimate child, was thus dis qualitied for the hat. While lying in state in the cathedral many persons brought objects to touch the bishop's lips and hands. Patience : in a little time lie will work miracles. The Freemasons have had their concert at the Trocadero, and what- was equally good, a banquet in the Continental Hotel. • After aldermen, masons, perhaps, dine best; proof that the order has a sound constitution. It is an objection against the Republic that it- is favored by Freemasons; this may uccount for the sympathy of the Prince of Wales for France, as he is a brother of the mystic tie, and in the seventh heaven of the mysteries. He showed good tact in not attending the recent festival; at present his enjoying the fun would have been misconstrued. Was he not with them in spirit? Since the rainy season has set in, the aspect of the exhibition and grounds is misery itself, and those children of the sun and blue skies—the Arabs and the Tunisians —how imhuppy tliey look, shivering like reeds, despite the heaviest ulsters, and living oil nothing but coffee, sugar-candy, and dates. The weather disposes of one point—the utter inutility of proposing that Parisians will ever go during the winter to near a concert at the irocadero, or even to witness a spectacle at the Champ cle Mars. There is no convenient, comfortable, or direct way of rca liing these places. However, in winter, citizens do not pass beyond the Pont d'Alma; the Hippodrome contains thou all the gods Termini. A great deal of fuss has been made about a few idiots that essayed to start some ■"■ocialistic scheme in Paris. The accused have received a moderate sentence, others a sublime warning, and the rest bid to go and sin 110 nmre. But the interesting point in the trial was that the funds to organise the socialistic agitation here were supplied by Berlin. Prince Bismarck's journal would be better employed commenting on this, than on the tone of MacMahon's speech. The French are not bound to solicit German per mission to be proud, still less to cease to be in mourning. Indeed Prance has to long been crying over her disasters—if persisted in, her friends will Yiew tlie matter as a farce. A nation with a budget having a surplus; the Bunk of France with two mil liards of gold in its cellars; people paying the year's taxes in advance; schools springing up every whore, and funds being voted like water to ameliorate every branch of educa tion, from its lirst to its highest degrees; 110 socialism, a splendid army, war materiel re placed—nil this ought not to bo forgotten, neither by herself nor Germany. Covctousness will burst the bag. The splendid Avenue del' Opera, despite its elec tric lights, is not letting well, save to mountebanks, who dry the plaster of the shops. Landlords think they have only to ii:: a rent to obtain it, and in many cases thej' are right; in the meantime, the clan of fashion has been missed by the new avenue, and carriages, and the buying class of strangers keep faithful to the Rue do laPaix, which is not'a Paternoster llow, as some writers have described it. Until the inuni pality tax all unoccupied premises, landlords will not seek to come to terms; they do not understand, that the loss of a year's roiit represents a reduction over a term of years. Glubs are springing up, but excepting military ones, where the Minister of War forbids play, the others are not much better than gambling dens. The Prince of Orange is head of a new club whoso director was once governor of the Baden Kursaal. I would recommend Englishmen to be very cautious before accepting the hospitality of these establishments, which are 011 the look out for the debris of the bankrupt English Club. In the National Library, an Oriental scholar is a constant reader. He makes his own clothes by means of paper and glue. Dryasdusts complain liis presence is a plague. The President of the Senate and the Arch bishop of Paris became acquainted for the first time at Monsiegnor Dupauloup's fune ral. The Bank of France, though bound to do so, issues no more 100-franc notes. It will give gold instead. Only seven years ago its cullers were empty, and a 5-franc note was a joy for ever. Printing on luminous paper is announced, and so will dispense with candles. Edison is not namod as the inventor. Soon \to shall have luminous clo'hes, capital for dark nights. The condemned Communists at large are iu process of being looked after. The series "F" has just been entered upon. By the time XYZ would be reached many of the condemned would be grandfathers and so un recognisable. This ridicule will kill the op position against the amnesty for the dupes of the Commune. Young wife (just married): "Francoisand I have had our first quarrel; he insisted he loved me most, while I maintained I loved myself best." " Apartments to let immediately, or sooner if necessary," are advertised. 