Democracy Historically Justified. No. VIII. (Conclusion.) I pass now from Europe to tako a. very rnpitf glanco at the progress of democracy on tlio other side of the Atlantic. Thirteen years before the meeting of tho States Gonoral of Franco, which ushered in the revo- lution of 1789, the English colonics in America renounced tlio supremacy of tho mother country, and founded a Government which included neither a king nor a peerage amongst its machiuory. Unhappily, that Government permitted tho survival withnr its territory of the cankcrworm that had destroyed all the republics of antiquity, 1 refer, of course, to slavery. That pernicious institution had originally been imposed upon her trans atlantic colonics against their wish by Eng land; Tho legislature of the licw republic attempted to effect the gradual extinction of the institution, but, having hccomo a sourco of wealth to the cotton plnuters, it stirvivod iii a politically surreptitious manner until its supporters grew strong enough to wrench tho formal recognition of its existence from the Federal .Government in the Fugitivo Slave Law of 1850. In our own day a Ixiptism of blood and firo has purged the American Republic from ' all connection with tho accursed thing, and a fratricidal war of four years' duration, and the assassination of their noblest President since Washington, have constituted the price paid by its citizens for tho annihilation of slavery among them. The machinery, by which . tho . govern ment of the United States of America is administered, has undoubtedly many defects ; but tho friends of that re public can to-day repeat with truth tho words spoken of her by John Bright in Eng land, and say, " There you will find a free church, a free school, freo land, a free vote, and a free career forthe child of tho humblest bom in the land." In the Anglo- American Republic demo cracy has, for the first timo in the history of the world,' politically triumphed upon an extensive , theatre over all opposing systems. But it luis not in that republic found its most perfect application to the social capaci ties of men.. The principles of democracy; I .have, .said,; are equitable opportunities of selfrhelp for.. all, .'and ,tbe welfare of each, through the .co-opcratiou .of all. . And the perfect application of these "principles to tho soeial relations of ' 'men, I affirm to be the goal of political progress. For, if we attempt to pioture to ourselves a state of existence in which men will be ultimately delivered from tliccvils andimperfectiona which disturb us in our present state of being, can weconstructfor our ontcmplation any image of a purified humanity superior. to that which represents each unit of society, as being a law unto 'himself, and, while ; retaining: all .essential elements of personal freedom and personal: responsibility, exerting all his energies in perfect unison with the activities of . every other realm of creation ? But ; in . the mean time wo have to. contemplate humanity doing battle with innumerable obstacles to' an Attainment of such a victorious condition of existence ; and therefore, if we believe that the . uuion of men into political com munities is a . necessary stage in tliis pro longed luctation, 'wo will be ready to agreo with Guizot, when . ho says that "all the combinations of the , political machine ought to tend, on the one hand, to extract what ever of reason, justice, or truth exists' in society, in order to apply it to the practical requirements of : government ; and, on the other hand,' to promote the progress of society in ..reason, justice, and. truth, and constantly to embody, this progress of society in tlie actual strocturoor the, government." (" Representative Goverameiit, p. 04.) But: government by privilege can never perform this task for men ; for t without equality of of opportunity for' tlio development, and exercise of tho faculties of k all men, we will never utilise the whole of the reason, truth, and .justice latent in society. '' Our survey of ' tho part history of the world has shown us that amelioration of the material condition of the units of society and collective intellectual progress have constantly attended the extension of political equality and the restriction of privilege. And-tiio moro= closely, the field .which we have traveled over is investigated, tho more clearly it will be seen that tho highest achievements, of -humanity in all: the arts and 'inventions that ,add to the comfort of life" have been produced in those "commu nities in which the people had', to a greater or lesser extent,- obtained possession of their natural right of self- government. ' The majority of those communities havo been professed democracies, among which Athens, Florence, and tlie United States of America, proclaim pre-eminence. Tho first and second of tlieso three democracies successively led tho intellectual advancement of Europe up to. tho time of tho Reformation. Ami the strugglo- for religious liberty, which' then became the one work necessary to secure tlio' further progress of humanity, was main tained almost single-handed by the republic of tlio sovcu united provinces of Holland. In. the present century the republic of tho United States of America may fairly claim to have instructed Europe in many things material ami political which have proved to bo solid contributions to the general progress of the world. And all the blots upon the histories of these republics havo beou the fruits of institutions uf privilege which have been included in their poiitius in contradiction to the principles on which tho latter have been erected. But those commu nities like Austria and Spain, in which all individualism has been persistently repressed, have contributed nothing to tho general pro gress and welfare of humanity. The testi mony of history may, therefore, bo justly claimed in support of tho thesis which theso essays are intended to establish, viz. — that the whole circle of benefits derivable by men from political organisation will not beacquirsd by them until they have eliminated from their institutions everything that tends to create inequalities of opportunity for the development ami oxorcise of the individual capacities of the units of society. We sometimes hear it said that tho most perfect form of government is that in which nil tho incompetent and foolish are subjected to tlie rulo of the competent and the wise. And those who mako this statement arencciis- totned to sneer, at tho democrntio machinory of tlio ballot box, and to quote, with immense personal satisfaction, the words of Carlylo when he speaks of consulting universal sufirago "about the quality of Now Orleans nork, or the coarser kinds of Irish butter," out not as to tlio character of men. But such persons evidently ignore the fact that the aim of every government that is in any Ougrca in harmony with what ' appears to us to bo tho constitution of this universe is tlio education of tho governed. But that so- called education which makes of men simply obedient and capable machines is uot the education which will.enablo humanity to, become li law unto itself. To produce, not a few choico specimens of human nature in the midst of a surrounding mass of ignorance and incompetence, but to transform overy ignorant ami incompetent unit into a type of tho " tlivino average" of humanity, should be the Aim of overy government that takes upon itsclf the task of regulating tho social activities of men, A "good despotism" has Iteen truly described by J. S. Mill as "an altogether false ideal." The true ideal of human socioty is one which oilers a freo career of; unhindered development of his capnuitics to every individual, and this ideal is the programme of Democracy. But lot it not bo thought by any that . democracy is therefore the enemy of authority. The insurrections in tho pnst havo been di rected, not against tho doctrine of an authority suiicrior to individual caprice; i and claiming ohedicuco from men in tlio interest of human well-being, but against the parodies of that authority which, as so many " organised hypocrisies," havo usurped political power to perpetuate injustice. To establish among men a social polity, that will remove all those artiiicjal inequalities which now deprive humanity of so much as sistance in its heaven-appointed task of dis covering and obeying tho law which rules its destiny, is tlie work to which tho true de mocracy aspires. The difficulties attending the pathway of the people towards a just political equality in Europe will doubtless render their entry into the full possession of their birthright a very distant uvont in that part of tho world. But in the Australian colonics the field is already prepared for a series of political experiments more satisfac tory than any history reveals to us. Only 'one institution rears its obstmutivo head in each of the Australian colonics to thwart the statesman's c Hurts to check the incipient growth of what Mr. lliginbotham has de clared to be " the most horrible feature that could bo well conceived in thu social condi tion of any country— enormous, exaggerated, and. irrational wealth in the hands of a few at one end of the social scale, and an aggra vated extensive fiuhl of pauperism at the other." That institution is the Second House of i'arliameut, which represents in each of tho colonics the plutocracy of tlio community, ami in regard to which thu watchword of political justice is dui.undum est. The solution of the problem of combining domocracy and order is undoubtedly to a great extent a question of political machi nery ; and wc ought always to remember that tlio Australian colonies are lit tlie prc- scut timo trying to govern themselves with political machinery, which they have bor rowed from communities built upon tho foundations of feudality, and in which that machinery has been devised as the most smoothly working engine of compromise between privilege and democracy. To devise its own political machinery, and, in its work ing, to exhibit to .tho world a triumphant justification of its fundamental principle, is the task to which democracy throughout tho world is at tho present time called upon to apply itself. -In Mr. Hare's scheme ot repre sentation, the first instalment of such new machinery has been provided for us. And in tho faco of the reluctance exhibited by the statesmen of England and America to test that scheme, I would remind the Aus tralians, in urging upon them the adoption of it, that thoy havo already, in several in stances, set an example for the .mother country to follow; and to tho honor of having done eo in the instances of the ballot ami the extension' of tho franchise, tliey can now add tho honor of doing it in putting into practice the greatest discovery made in political science since ; the . inauguration (of representative government in England, /Aus tralian plutocracy will doubtless oppose to the last any such attempt to rob it of its unjust and degrading preponderance in the political machinery of the; State, and the conflict between it and the Australian people will probably, be bitter and long. But those who fight only for the right can afiord to be patient even in the very hour of defeat. And those of us who are to-day engaged m attacking tho citadels of privilege have from day to day our own adequate reward. J'Though not for' us the joy of entering at the last .the conquered' city— nor ours tho chance: ever to sco' with, our own eyca the peerless power and splendid eclat of the democratic principle, arrived at meridian, filling the world with effulgence and majesty far beyond those of past history's kings; or all dynastic sway— thero is yet, to whoever is . eligible among us, the prophetic vision, the joy of being tossed in tho brave turmoil of these times — the promulgation and the faith, obedient, lowly, reverent to the voice, . the gesture. of . tho God, or Holy Ghost, which others see not, hear-not — with-the proud consciousness that amid whatever clouds, seductions, or heart- wearying post ponements, , wo lmvc never deserted, never desnaired. never abandoned' 'the faith."— (Walt Whitman, " Democratic Vistas;" pp. 34-35.) _ i ' Demon. ' 