Christmas in the Wrong Place. (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) PART I. BY JOHN WISKER. MR. SIMON TWIDDLE, of Wickhamterrace, Brisbane, lived on his means.' They were not large, nor did the manner of their acquisition reflect any great credit upon him, but he compensated for these defici encies by an amount of presumption and pretension that would have appeared exag gerated in a nabob. In, fine, Mr. Simon was what he himself called a disappointed man, and What the world caUed a decided failure. He had tried many branches of business. They all went through his hands, whilst he 'went through' the oourt. He had been a horse- dealer, but found that he sold nothing but himself; a traveller, but only succeeded in getting over the ground; a storekeeper, but ohitafly stored bad debts; a selector, who selected the worst lot on the Downs—and many more things. AU these enterprises ended one way; he never managed to hit the hail on the head, but he always succeeded in coming to the hammer. For the start in these Various undertakings he was indebted to a wealthy aunt who lived at Maryborough. She had at length given him np, declared him a hopeless in capable, allowed him what'she termed i 1 handsome income of £150 a-tear, and posi tively forbade him to embark in any tradb enterprise whatsoever, on pain of immediate withdrawal of the allowance and cdnseq-ue'nt • consignment to Dunwich. Thus Mx. '■ Twiddle 'waa left to wandtSrr in helpless J Vacuity—a condition of existence, which ; eptled in h^s concentrating what was left of hia ntind upon one object. This was the t formation ol a snug matrimonial aUiancP. • Youth and beauty were, if possible, tb be/ i opnooniitauts; Bht a moderate allowance of the gdod things of this life was to be indis-> penSabte. The enterprise would not appear • hopeful to the disinterested outsider; and, | in sooth, a gentleman of about seven-ahd : thirty, without a snperflnity of either cash! ! or intellect, with a'podgy figure, a vacupuy 1 face, a turned- up nose, and a general tend ency to flesh, is not a common object of love's young dream. But Mr. Simon Twiddle had not the eyes of the disinter ested outsider. He Was a desperate man. The obnditiona nnder which he drew his £1-50 a-yea* were such that, to be freed front the slavery, he would have married ! Sin henelf, just as she .appears in ' Paradise iLost/ - * ' '! * And, indeed, of all the ghosts that' could trouble in nnfortunat* man's existence, add render his Christniis miserable, Miss ! Tabitha Bdrrinsugg, of Maryborough, wis the most terrible. Tshe Wis 62 years of age, very straight id tiie back, and stiUmore striught-lacid. in her opinions. Her face (Was remaricable for ita length, and her ideas were certainly not remarkable for their breadth. -Time had written no wrinkle on her palKd brow, and her teeth were as good aa the day whereon they were cut. The bloom of youth had long ago fled frbin her cheeks; but it had been worthily replaced by a not inconsiderable quantity of bloom in the end of her nose. In her eirly days she had possessed something like gcod looks. They were of that kind of which you entirely approve, but which you never wish to see again. It follows, as a matter of eourae, that a lady of this type was deeply pious. Miss Burrinsugg's piety waa of that not uncommon kind which consists in a firm beUef in one's own per fection, and a thorough conviction of the imperfections ci othen. She inflicted reU gion upon her acquaintances as if it were a sort of punishment. What she was pleased to call her prayers took the form of lectures — short epitome* of the whole art, of conduct ing the univetne. She agreed with the l evangelists, approved generally of the [ apostles, and thought that the prophets had done fairly weU, all things considered. Suoh a lady could never quarrel with her neighbors, though somehow (such is the inscrutable depravity of mankind) they all detested her. When she was offended, she had a pleasant habit of throwing herself upon her knees, and in a loud voice implor ing that her ' enemy ' might be cured of all the vices and forgiven for aU the crimes under the sun. Such was the relative npon whom Mr. Simon Twiddle was dependent to the extent of all his worldly feoods—£lso a year. Whether tliis endowment was given from charitable motives, or because 'Miss Tabitha's pride would not aUow her nephew to absolutely starve, is not clear. The unfortunate man certainly earned hiSmoney. It is not to be wondered at that he longed to acquire a subsistence in some other way. Being entirely dependent npon her, she thought him a fit subject for moulding into that form of godliness whioh she had evolved out of her inner consciousness, independently of aU authorities. He was not aUowed to enter a theatre. PubUe houses were, of course, an abomination. Even a concert-room was forbidden until Miss Tabitha had been informed of the object of the concert, the names of the per* formers, and the programme. In short, he was restricted in a hundred ways —the penalty in eaoh case of violation being a curtailment of his aUowance. Woree still, twice or thrice a year he was Prdered down to Maryborough to pay his respects in person. His life during these visits would not be envied by any gentleman inside St i Helena. From morn till eve he was sub-' jeoted to alternate doses of religion-audi physio. Miss Burrinsugg had a turn for experiments upon bodily as weUas spiritual' ailments, and equally delighted to inflict physic or religion upon others. In addition, to the continual struggles to preserve his soul from jeopardy, Simon was informed to- day that his liver was bad, to-morrow that his stomach was out of order, and, as to his head, that of course was always bad. His visits were happily short; otherwise there is no knowing how his limited facul ties would have withstood the joint aotion of pills and prayer-books, salts and sermons, black draughts and blacker future pros pects ! He gave up his whole existence to the search for emancipation, and at last he thought he had found it. Qn the morning of Christmas Day, 187-, Mr. Simon sat in his room on Wiekham terrace, looking much happier than was his wont. His landlady and family had gone to some seasonable junketing, and he was alone; but his soul wanted not companion? ship just then. The foUowing, letter Jay before him: — * •Heartsease Villa, • South Brisbane, 'Deoember 23,187-1 ' 'Dear Sir,-—lhave heard from Captahp Montmorenci of your desire for an intro duction to myself and daughter, and though it is quite unusual in good eocietv to receive a gentleman whom one ha^ never eeen, jjet from what Captain Montmorenci has said of your ability and noble character, and from what we know of your position attd high connections, we are disposed to make an exception in your favor. If yt>n are hot otherwiee engaged we shall be happy to meet you here at tea at 6 o'clbck on Christ* mete Day. * Youra truly, "Bsbscca Horrors.' * P.B.—Captain M. let faU a hint which! at once infontted him 'could not be tolerated for one moment. You and my daughter willmeet as strangers making acquaintance.' 'B. Hf* 'Mr. Simon Twiddle/ * Ah!' soliloquised the enrapttired' Simon, ' Julia henelf mist haye written this. The old woman oouldn't, and if she could she'd have made it ten times as long! jNow, Simon, now's yonr chance! Now'a your time to cultivate your Uttle endsar-1 ments! You may never nave another oppor tunity/ .-. f The histoijr of the foregoing note may1 Be very briefly told. Mrs. Hopkins and hsr daughter JuUa had arrived in Brisbane' about Bix months previously, whence br wherefore nobody very clearly knew. It : was edinhted by everybody, however, thall Miss Jttlia was a modest young lady, of : modest attainments, and a modest compe tence-^verything, in brief, modest abont : her except her age, and the figure repre* ; senting that was looked upon as a very. , doubtful character. Mr. Twiddle, by dint of a Uttle truth, a good deal of deUcate misrepresentation,- and a considerable Siantity of indeUeate hard lying, had gained. c reputation of being an independent gentleman of immense expectations. Cap- • tain Montmorenci had been an offioer m : the line, had sold out, and oome to Australia for reasons best known to himself. He had borrowed £6 of Mr. Simon (what a struggle* hadst thou, Simon!) and was disposedto 'borrow more, being unacquainted with the real milk-giving capabilities of the new I cow. Hence the Captain's testimony to the 'ability' and 'noble character' of his friend* Mr.Twiddle was musing over the oon-* tents of the letter and deliberating upon the best mode of putting forward his 'Uttle endearments/ when he heard a step on the verandah, and a shadow crossed the window. He got np and looked out. The figure of a man quickly disappeared down a hue by the next cottage. Almost at the same moment a carriage drew up, and two men . stopped out and came on to the verandah. They were plainly dressed, and of no par ticular appearance. 'All right, sir/ said one, who seemed to speak in a sUghtly mocking tone; ' had a hard run for you. You've done it very weU, but come along/ 'Hard run? Done it very weUP' re* feated the astonished Simon, and then a rilbant thought struck him : ' Haa she sent for me already P' ' She has, indeed,' replied the man, with a sly poke to his companion • ' couldn't do \- without you another minute. So don't lose time/ 'Noble soul! Can it be that I have in spired an affection P Can she have Been me-p-h'm—-in fact,, on the sly P' 'Coorse she has. Always been watch ing for you.' • Did ahe—ah J did she ever weepP' •Enough to water Queen-street, and heart gping like two hammermen. I never see such a girl. Beg'lar buster ! But bear up, old man !' continued the fellow, as, he saw Mr. Twiddle sink into a chair, ma medley of poetry and mental petrifao tiohi'l * "What's all this, JimP enquired the other nan. 'Don't you see he's spooney on some girl, and thinks he's going to see herP Let's, keep it up. It's a longish job, and the dodge may save us trouble. Come along, sir, or it 11 be too late. • But I must dresr.' • That would never do. Your dress is' first-class. Put on your hat and come Hlong, or I won't guarantee the consequences.' ■So Mr. Simon very hastily made a few alterations ih his toilet and came away in such a hurry that he forgot to fasten the door or even to take away the precious letter which lay on the table. He got into the carriage, failing, as he did so, to hear a smothered laugh behind him. The two men followed, and away went this strange equipage. ▲s soon as the vehicle was out of sight, a man emerged from the aforementioned' lane* entered the cottage, and sat down upon the chair just quitted by Simon. There was a remarkable twinkle in the eyes of this new comer, aad his sides shook .with quiet laughter. He took up the letter, read it, and laughed still more. He was respectably dressed 'His figure and! physiognomy were remarkably like theie of Mr. Simon Twiddle, but his' countenance was much more intelligent, whilst ht the same time his eyes shot forth ooeaaional glances whioh conveyed a vague impression! of something wrong. 'Hoity-toity, this wiU do very well. WhUst onr friend is in my place, 'I wiU take his. It can't be helped now. What fun!' He took up the letter, left the house, fastened the door behind him, and departed. The carriage containing 'our hero' dashed. rapidly down Wiekham- terrace, rocking to and fro in a manner that sug gested to Simon the grave possibility of his emotion* being stiU further disturbed by a roU.pyer oa the hiUside; but tiie carriage reached the bridge and rumbled over in safety; Whilst Simon leant back in ecstasy and gave full rein to his blissful imagine-1 tion.*... -i ' This is, indeed,' he nmrtnured, ' in finitely better than I expeoted. The con- Siest has beeta made without an advance; c same has played itself! ShaU I make the declaration this evening ? No, perhaps to- morrow would be more Decerning. She is a nice girl, I hear. I wonder what that Uttle property comes to P' ' Very sang thing I oan tell you,' broke in Jim, who, much to Mr. Simon's oonf-u \--siom, had caught the words. ' And there's nothing like bringing these things to a head. My old woman didn't want to have me at firii Says I, "You -will," I says. "I ahaa't," aaya she, "We'll ace," I says. 8o that night I blacked up the eyes of two fellers sfee Uked better, and turned up the next morning with my sister. "Come along," I says. "Where top" she screamed. "To churoh." " Why, there's neither ring, ucense, nor drew." I turned both ring and Ucense out of my pockets; my sister broudbt forward a dress, which she soon buckled on; I stuck to the girl with soft aawder, any sister stuck to her with the smelling-bottle, and she was married before she had time to faint away or dissolve in • tears! She sulked for a week, but came to at last, and has attended to business ever since/ . 'HeJ he! very smart, though that style woald hardly suit my case/ 'But, I say,' observed Simon, noting they had almost left South Briabane behind, 'where are we going P' 'Oh, it's a Uttle further on/ And they proceeded very rapidly for well nigh a mile. 'BeaUy,' said Mr. Twiddle, getting anxious,' you must have made a mistake/ •No fear/ said Jim. 'Bat I am certain you are wrong. Please •top the carriage.' 'Come now, don't make yourself worse i than you are. You used to be a sensible i man before you got out/ ' Got out! exclaimed the horror-stricken Twiddle. ' What do you mean ?' ' Gammon!' 'Really this is most mysterious/ said Simon, in an agonised whimper. *I insist upon the carnage being turned at once. Here, coachman 1' •sitdown, wUI yon, or ' and here Jim. elevated a stick, whilst Bill produced a pair of handcuffs. ' Merciful heaven! do you mean to coerce meP' enquired Simon, whose bravery came not from the purest fount, and whose bluster was rapidly degenerating into pal sied fear, as a horrible suspicion crossed his mind. Brisbane was now left far in the distance, and the carriage waa rapidly rolling along the main Ipswich-road, ill nature was , gay. The weather, if it did not recaU the Christmas time of Old England, was superb of its kind. But for Mr. Simon Twiddle nature had no charms ; his heart no longer beat even for Julia; the .Uttle property , itself had wandered from his poetic soul. Possessed of an over-mastering terror, the , only present product of his mind was the essence of cowardice, double-distilled. At . last he ventured to ask — • Will you teU me where I am going P' ' Where you oame from.' 'Then it is true/ he murmured, with pallid lips. ' I am in the hande of two mad men.' O, Julia! You wiU never know how I died for you! Was the Uttle pro perty worth this price P' And the appear ance of the unfortunate man plainly de noted that he thought the figure a vast deal too high. He sank back in a comatose state, and spoke not another word during the journey. 'Rum fellows/said BiU, 'neverbeUeve anybody's sane 'cept thesselves/ • It's like being tight,' replied Jim. 'You always think you're the only sober man o' the party/ At length the busy haunts of men began to display themselves, and the carriage drove up to a coUection of buildings of different sizes and forms of construction. Mr. Simon was helped out. The sight of peopli moving about, and other signs that he was'not alone in the world, slightly re vived him. •Where's this P' • Woogaroo!' No longer laboring under the fear of being murdered, Mr. Twiddle's Dutch courage broke out with much vehemence. •Help! Mnrder! Save me from these wretches. It is a vile conspiracy. O, Julia; that little property!' But there were only two or three patients about, and they merely sniggered at the unhappy Simon. All the estabUshment was preparing for the Christmas dinner, an event which proved far more exciting to these poor dazed intellects than to minds stiU alive to the sin and sorrow of this world. Nobody had any thought of the Woogaroo type to bestow upon tiie mis glided man who insisted upon marring his hristmas dinner and his temper at the same time. Finding that no notice was taken of him Mr. Twiddle became outrageous. He shot out from the shoulder, and severely damaged Jim's countenance, and would have treated BiU with similar impartiaUty had not the+two promptly seised him and Eut mittens on his hands. As, however, c itiU penistod in using his feet, they finally carried him to a padded room. Then, finding all resistance useless, the patient did what he might more hopefnUy have done at firtt—became tolerably calm, stated who he was and what he was, and declared that they bad made a mistake which was ruining him.:' But it was too late. The hit in Jim's eye had afforded' that gentleman ' ooUlar demonstration ' that the captive was a violent lunatic. They locked him up and turned away. ' •I say, BUl,' said Jim, 'you'd better run and get Busker to come and look at him. You see this Brooks was one of the Suietost feUen in the plaoe—leastways so ley tell me. I don't like his cutting up rough in this way. If we get somebody to see him we shaU be on the safe side. Hard lines to have his jerrymandering with Julia out short. It's no use going to tiie chief now, so fetch Busker.' BiU accordingly set ont, and found the object of his search after the lapse of some time. The stan in their courses seemed to fight against the unfortunate Twiddle. The principal surgeon was at the other end of the estabUshment; and the individual familiarly termed Busker was not the regular assistant, but a gentleman who wis kindly doing the work of Uie assistant whilst the latter was taking a hoUday. Dr. Joachim Busker was a remarbable man. He possessed the most profound knowledge of everything connected with the aberration pf the lnteUect* from composing sonnets or atartinga newspaper to murderous mad ness. Whilst in England he secured the acquittal, on the ground of insanity, of a fashionable poisoner, who had got rid of his wife and his mother-in-law, and who had displayed in the process as much acuteness as, properly employed, would have seated him on the Woolsack. The counsel for the prosecution ingeniously argued that a man who murdered his mother-in-law could not by any possi bility be insane; the act was too rational; but Dr. Joachim completely 1 obfuscated the jury by a disquisition on cerebral excitement. FinaUy tne fashion able poisoner got off, to tiie intense satis faction of a number of ladies, who greatly admired the fashionable poisoner's poetical eyes, wavy black hair, and mutton-chop whiskers. Dr. Busker was now travelling, partly for tbe sake of his health, and partly for the enlargement of his experience. It might be thought that a gentleman of such remarkable knowledge could have nothing tp learn in Queensland. This would be an error. Firstly, Dr. Busker had to study the effect on the brain, in a tropical climate, of the liquors vended under the titles of •'Three Star," "Bladenoch," and other fine names. Then he had to consider why the tendency to insanity was so much less marked in the Legislative CouncU than in tiie Legislative Assembly; and, as a stranger, of course it took him some time to discover that the Council was more compos mentis simply because it had no money votes to squabble over. Altogether, Dr. Busker found plenty to learn, even in this small community. A man of his science would very soon have disposed of the case of Mr. Twiddle; but, unfortunately for that Ul-used man, Dr. Busker had never seen Brooks. As the learned man approached the padded room, a misceUaneous conglomera tion of sounds was heard to be issuing from it. Demoniac yells and carnivorous howls were mingled with a few articulate EngUsh words, of which " JuUa" and " pro perty" were the most conspicuous. ' Very bad case, this,' said tiie doctor. ' Never knew a wuss/ repUed the man. .'They tell me that he was the best behaved patient in the place, and aU at once he busts out Uke a ramping tiger! But then he'd got an idee that he was a goin' to spend his Christmas with some Julia or other, and he nat'raUy feels crusty at bein' disappointed/ The door of the padded room was thrown open and discovered the victim of mistake ranging up and down like a wolf in a mena gerie. His dress was disordered, his hair was disheveUed, and altogether he looked as ripe an inmate of Woogaroo as anybody on tbe premises. 'Is this a Christian landP Are you aware that by bringing me here at a time when my dearest interests depend upon my looking after that prop — upon my being at liberty, you are guilty of a foul con spiracy for which you will have to pay dearly P Release me at once!' 'That we cannot do,' said Dr. Busker, 'we have been put to too much trouble to get you back/ ' Get me back! Do you suppose I have been here before P' * 'That you certainly have;' and then the great man added to himself, 'This was evidently a case of monomania of the melancholia type; and it is now degenera ting into absolute mania. What a pity he got out! I must give him a little opium and foUow it up with a warm bath.' 'Do yon mistake me for a madman,' inquired Twiddle, who had caught some of thewords. 'We do not make mistakes here' was the cold reply. ' This is unspeakable,' said the wretched ftnan, sinking on to the floor. I see it all. Some rival nas bribed them to bring me here. What shaU Ido P I shaU be really mad in a few minutes, and then they will haye an excuse for keeping me. Can 1/ he continued, addressing Dr. Busker, • see the superintendent —the principal dootor P' 'He wiU probably be here during the afternoon/ ' Yes, but my presence in Brisbane by 6 o'clock is matter of life or death/ shouted Twiddle,' again displaying a ten dency to beoome furious. ' WeU, well, we'll see ; but you must calm yourself before anything can be done. Collect younelf: be placid/ And Mr. Simon Twiddle did collect him self ; and beoame so placid that he had all the appearance of a man who could at that moment, withont compunction, have sharp ened a knife on the gravestone of his mur dered father in order to cut the throat of his widowed mother. Dr. Busker went away; and Twiddle indulged in more plaints about JuUa, and enquired again and again if this were a Christian land. Finally he sank into the apathy of despair. The hours passed away, and the shadows began to grow long. About 4 o'olock one of thekeepen named Bailey met Jim. 'Hullo! I hear you've got Brooks backP' ' Yes,' repUed Jim, ' and a nice rumpus he'B been and made. Such a job I never had with a Woogaroo lamb afore/ ' Sing'lar that Brooks should let out so. Me and him was friends, and a better behaved man, mad or. sane, I never knew. Let's look at him.' And the two proceeded to the padded room. 'Jerusalem!' exclaimed Bailey, "this isn't Brooks!' ' Save me!' feebly ejaculated the pros trate Twiddle. ' Gammon,' roared Jim, 'we never lost sight of the man. Watched him into a house, and nabbed him as he was a sitting down/ BaUey made no reply, but bolted off to find the principal, whom he insisted upon seeing. ' Sorry to trouble you, sir, at a time like this 'ere; but the two chaps you sent after Brooks have collared tne wrong man. They've got a poor feller in a padded room who isn't Brooks at aU!' The principal looked very grave. ' Good ness gracious ; who is he then P Is he a sane manP' ' Shouldn't Uke to say. He looks as if it wouldn't be much of a mistake to keep him 'ere, though it was a clear blunder a bring in' of him 'ere. Anyhow, he's not Brooks, as you'U see at a glance, sir.' • Stupid asses V and away went the prin cipal. To put the matter into a small compass, the prmcipal saw at once that the wrong man had been kidnapped. Simon told his story: how he had been entrapped into the carnage, and incarcerated like a madman on the festal day of the year; how through this treatment he was in danger of break ing his engagement with a young and lovely creature of immense fortune, with whom he was about to enter into a matri monial contract. (Simon did not spare the coloring.) His hopes were dashed to the ground; his prospects were ruined; his future a blank. The principal, who could hardly sup- Sress a smile, ordered out a two-horse uggy, and told the driver to do his ' very best. Shortly afterwards another convey ance set ont for the purpose of finding the still wandering Brooks. It contained neither BiU nor Jim, both of whom, in deed, were stiU convinced that they had done their work effectually. The buggy containing Mr. Simon tore away at a pace that promised to save the. little property even at the eleventh hour. About half-way to Brisbane, unfortu nately, the driver's 'very best' brought the hind wheel of the buggy into contact with a stump. Over went the vehicle, and the head of the occupant pitched against a gum-tree. He was restored to conscious ness in the nearest pubUc-house. • What is the time ?' he eagerly asked. • Ten minutes past 6/ Mr. Simon Twiddle fainted away again. Pabt 11. Hxabtssass Villa, South Brisbane, was in a flutter of excitement, when, precisely at 6 o'olock on the afternoon of that Christ mas Day, a gentleman stepped on to the verandah and announced himself as Mr. Simon Twiddle. He was dressed in a frock-coat and whito waistcoat, salmon colored trousen and lavender gloves and tie. A gay flower adorned his button-hole, and he carried a well-chosen bouquet, which, after a few preliminaries, he grace tuUy tendered to Mrs. Hopkins. His countenance beamed with intelligence, and if a Uttle unnatural fire gleamed from his eyes, why, both ladies agreed, who could, preserve his equanimity under such deli cate circumstances? Mrs. Hopkins was a wizen-faced little woman of very amiable and lady-like de meanor. She looked like a sea-side peb ble : incessant contact with the waves ef this world had worn her so smooth that she presented no angularity to anything. Constant watching over the matrimonial prospects of her daughter had reduced her to the riding weight of a jockey destined to mount a two-year-old in a big handioap. Miss Julia Hopkins was quite a different character. We are not disposed to regard match-hunting as a very heinous offence, especially when it is undertaken on behalf of an anxious mother. At any rate, the business had neither reduced Julia's pro portions nor interfered with her appetite.. She had a round face, dark hair, and expressive eyes; her wit was keen, and sometimes it degenerated into a Uttle temper. This was natural. The husband hunt had been in progress for some time, and its chances of success of course diminished yearly. •Delighted to see yon, Mr. Twiddle/ murmured Mn. Hopkins, while Miss Julia gracefully bowed. ' You do me honor,' replied the eoi-dieant Twiddle. • I trust you are well, ladiesi and that Captain Montmorenci is weU. Does his occupation of giving certificates of Character to friendless bachelon over* power him at all P' • Really '——said Mrs. Hopkins, redden* ing, whilst JuUa looked very indignant, 'the Captain is always ready to do a kind action. There is no harm in smoothing the path of life, I hopeP But how ii your dear aunt at Maryborough P' ' Too weU, lam afraid, for me! She never takes any of her own physic, nor acts up to any of her own sermons, and the consequence is that she is a great deal too healthy for a woman who has no pleasure in life beyond making other people miserable/ Tea was announced, and interrupted a conversation which was conducted in de cidedly brusque and embarrassing manner by Mr. Twiddle. During the repast his demeanor was that of a man who is con tinuaUy striving to get the bettor of bim self. He was always ' putting his foot in it;' but then he collected himself and strove so politely to make amends that on the whole the ladies were pleased with him. Some of his remarks bordered on the rude, but this was set down to the exhilaration of the season and the occasion; whilst his extreme assiduity to please often reached the limit of the overpowering. He paid the greatest attention to the ladies, and at the same time contrived himself to eat as much food as would have satisfied a vagrant after a couple of nights in the poUce- station. ' You have eaten very little/ he observed to Mrs. Hopkins, when the meal was at an end. ' Yes, my health and spirits, and conse quently my appetite, are not what they used to be. Tne fact is, when in England, I was penecuted by the incessant attentions of a man of vast wealth and ambition, who desired me to marry again. The idea of such a thing! Even if I had not my dar ling child to consider, I could not marry without affection, and I felt none for him.' ' You should have manufactured some.* 'What!' exclaimed the astonished lady. 'I mean—of course—you're quite right. What's-his-name can be of no avail with out thing-urn-bob!' ' True' murmured the lady,' I looked at it from that point of view; but his conduct became so outrageous, his threats of vio lence so terrible, that I at length was obliged to fly to this country, merely to escape him.' Tne fact was that the good lady, failing to marry her daughter at home had come out to Queensland under the impression that crowds of millionaires were on tiie look-out to snap up interesting young ladies —quite regardless of the question of fortune. 'I have wasted away very much of late,' Mrs. Hopkins continued with a sigh. ' WeU, if you waste away much more, there will be nothing left of you,' remarked the candid Unknown. 'You should try HoUoway's ointment/ ' I never knew that such stuff was good for low spirits/ scornfully interposed JuUa. ' Yes, it is. It gets through the pores, and thus into the blood, and the blood, you know, supplies nourishment to both the heart and the brain. People commonly make a mistake in not using enough. I'll aend you half a stone!' ' You must be a relative of Mr. HoUo way, surely P' enquired Mrs. Hopkins with a smile. . 'So I am distantly related to the de ceased gentleman, and I quite forgive his never.having left me anything. By-the way, I suppose this is your fint Christmas here P' ' Yes,' repUed JuUa, ' and very Btrange it seems in such a oountry and such a climate. In fact, it's only by accident that I now and then remember it is Christmas/ ' Christmas Day and All Fools Day are much the same here/ said the Unknown. 'The great Christmas luxury is coolness, and the principal festivity is abstinence from exertion/ 'In the matter of charity alone a Queensland Christmas upsets all one's pre conceived notions,' said JuUa. 'In Eng land all the paraphernalia of blankets and coals, soups and Christmas dinnen,haveto be arranged. Here nobody wants charity, and nobody seems to expect any. I sup pose, too, that a good Christmas ghost story would be out of the question here/ ' There is nothing nere favorable to the apparition business except our thunder storms. We have no old castles, ruined monasteries, floors where blood stains have defied the scrubbing-brushes of genera tions, and lonely dungeons where chains clank at the stroke of midnight. Conse quently our ghosts are like our poUticians —raw, with a little of the upstart flavor about them. We can't, it seems, get a sound importation from England. Our anceston never emigrated, and their ghosts preserve their prejudices. Otherwise, we might have a fine old fettoW in chain mail waving in an imperious and warning man ner the surveyon away from the site of the proposed Yietoria Bridge; and a sinister fady in Elizabethan costume might be seen at 12 p.m. turning up her nose at the Brisbane Town HaU/ The ladies laughed. "Yon speak as if you were not much of a beUever in appari tions/ said Mn. Hopkins. 'AU the ghosts I hate ever met with hate proved unquaUfied swindles. Besides, if there are suoh things as real ghosts, they ought to be treated a little more con siderately. They would be by no means despicable memben of society, if only for the sake of their example in punctuaUty. Who ever knew a ghost a minute before or after his time P Perhaps we shall be more regular in our attendance when we get where they are supposed to be! Their pri vate residence must be a weU-regulatod estabUshment. As a general rule, too, they are quito harmless. Your ghost who is descended from a bad lot, who grins horribly into your face at midnight, and displays all sorts of malignant passions is, of course, awkward. But these are excep tions, and they are generaUy women! Per haps these would be better-tempered if they were allowed a little more Überty. They havn't enough exefrcise/ ' Your opinions may be correct as far as your experience goes, observed the accom modating Mrs. Hopkins; 'but, beUeve me, /have known a case which is not capable of earthly interpretation/ ' Gammon! I can't think it/ • Mr. Twiddle!' observed Miss Julia, re proachfully. ' Beg pardon,' replied the Unknown, try ing to collect himself. • I—l mean that in nearly all cases these so-called ghost stories are capable of explanation/ • My story wUI be found quite unanswer able/ • Pray let us hear it/ •My uncle,' began Mn. Hopkins, 'was the senior partner of the wholesale city hosiery firm of Webbe and Pearson. In fact, I had more than one relative con nected with that business'—and here the good lady plunged into a chaos of genealogy, which we wiU spare the reader, who may regard the following as Mrs. Hopkins' nar rative boiled down *. — 'The firm had beeen prosperous for a long time; nor, up to the date of the event I am about to relate, was there anything to complain of as regards the profits. But for a year or so previously Mr. Pearson's con duct had caused my uncle some uneasiness. His attention to business waa not relaxed; but he speculated largely; it was even said he betted; and he certainly drew from the firm Bums very far in excess of his previous requirements. The remonstrances Mr. Webbe ventured to make were but slight at first, and were very ill-received. But as Mr. Pearson's demands upon the bank ing account grew heavier my uncle became firmer, and some angry scenes ensued. At last, two days before the Christ mas of 1865, Mr. Pearson peremptorily asked for a considerable sum, which was refused. My uncle resolved to have a partnership account, and to dissolve forth with. He knew that a heavy speculative enterprise had collapsed during the week, that his partner was in it, and he was re solved to incur no more of such risks. For many years the two families had spent their Christmas together. This time the Webbes held their somewhat melancholy celebration by themselves. The Peanons had no festivities whatever. As it after wards turned out, Mr. Pearson was at the office nearly the whole of Christmas Day, ransacking, as the housekeeper said, every drawer, and rummaging in every book. He was never again seen aUve. A consider able sum of money, and a large quantity of foreign bonds that had had been deposited as security for a debt, disappeared along with him. It was supposed that he had taken flight to some foreign country, though why he should thus have left his family and covered himself with disgrace was not clear. His share in the firm had been con siderably encumbered by his recklessness, but it was stiU worth more than the sum . for the possession of which he had become a thief. Not the sUghtest clue to the direotion of his flight was obtained, though he was rather a remarkable looking man, and was generally noticed. The house keeper, Capes, was of opinion that Mr. Pearson left the office about dusk in the afternoon, but he had not closely noticed. It was not for him, he said, to interfere with his master. •Fresh capital was brought into the firm, and its affairs soon proceeded as if nothing had happened^ Christmas, 1866, came round, and pressing business made it necessary for Mr. Webbe to spend part of the day at the office before joining the family circle. He worked away at his books and lettera, occasion ally heaving a sigh as he thought of his partner, who was -pranderiug over tiie face of the earth, and who had only to come back to be forgiven. A long fetter had just received his signature, when, happen ing to look up, he found to his intense amazement that he was not alone. No, not only was there another person in the offioe, but the intruder was no other than Mr. Pearson, /teated at the other end of the apartment and gazing fixedly at his old partner. '" Hullo, old Mow, come back P Glad to see you! Bint," added Mr. Webbe,. look ing at the fastened door, " how on earth did yougetinP" • The ex-junior partner made no answer* but only pointed to the floor, •Mr. Webbe advanced to shake hands, but his visitor waved him baok. '"Why, havn't you a word to sayP" ask^d my uncle. 'No answer: the intruder only pointed to the floor. '" WeU," said my uncle, by no means , liking either the appearanoe or the manner of his ex-partner, "it's /that ought to be distant if anybody." •At this moment came a knock at the door. Mr. Webbe unfastened it, and in marched Capes, the housekeeper, with a tray containing some sandwiches and a bottle of sherry. No sooner did the man peroeive Mr. Pearson than he gave a terrific shriek, dropped the tray, and feU senseless himself amongst broken glasses, apUt sherry, and scattered sandwiches. •" Good heavens! what's the matter with the man," exclaimed my uncle, "come and lend a hand with the noodle, Pearson!" 'He looked round, but Mr. Peanon was !one! How, my uncle could not teU. 'hrough the door was impossible, for Mr. Webbe was close to the door. There was not another soul in the house, Capes being a bachelor; and Mr. Webbe, in a frame of mind the full meaning of which he did not care to disclose to himself, rushed down the stairs and called in a couple of police men. Capes was brought to, but his state of mind on recovering from his insensibility was such as to necessitate removal to a hospital, and thence to a lunatic asylum. The police were informed of Mr. Pearson's re-appearance, and every enquiry was again set on foot, but not a trace of him coula be discovered. What Mr. Webbe's opinions were he did not say, but it was noticeable that he would nerer be left alone in that office. He undertook a search of Capes' effects, and the result was the discovery of Several of the foreign bonds. It was also ascertained that the greater number had been sold abroad—mostly at Frankfort. Capes had also a handsome banking ac count. Further search was made in every conceivable part of the buUding. Finally, a deep excavation of the coal cellar, which had never been visited except by Capes, re sulted in the discovery of a chest, fiUed with ?[uicklime, and containing the fragments of a ew bones. The fate of Mr. Pearson was now clear. The poor feUow had not absconded with the property of the firm. He had been murdered by Capes, who had thus gained possession of the keys of the safe, plundered it, and then made a* way with the keys and his victim. AU the details were never known, for Capes never re covered that appalling sight; he died in the asylum. Now, what oould it have been that Mr. Webbe saw that dayP' asked Mrs. Hopkins triumphantly,, as she finished. ' Perhaps, he saw double I' murmured the Unknown, but in so low a tone that the ladies did not, happily, hear him. 'And what could the apparition have meant by pointing downwards, except to indicate the coal ceUar P' The gentleman thought he might have intended to point out his place of resi dence, but he didn't say so. 'Your story is very remarkable,' he resumed, 'ana I really can ace no other interpretation except the one you put upon it. I can only plead dismal experience for my scepticism. All my ghost adven tures nave turned out the most miserable earthly delusions. What a plausible ghost business that was in the second year of my residence at Oxford, and what a laughable mess it turned out!' 'What was that P' asked Julia. ' Why, myself and several more college chums were invited to spend the Christ mas of my second year with the hon. Adolphus Pigeon, eldest son of Lord Pluckington—a very old family. There was a Targe gathering of all ages and both sexes, and the fun. was splendid. His lordship's seat was a fine com pound of country mansion and castle, full of antiquities, and of courae full of ghosts. The most active among these latter per formers was said to be a lady, whose pic ture hung in a gaUery in the western wing. She was said to have been in Ufe a general compound of Semiramis, Messa lina, and Joan of Naples—-and I can quite beUeve it. She looked as if she ought to have been hung in the flesh instead of in oil- colors. Such a forbidding countenance I never beheld. Sceptical as I was on the subject, I felt a hall dislike to being ap portioned a bedroom in the immediate neighborhood of this picture gallery; and, as of course a lady of such antecedents could not quietly rest in her coffin, I waa jocularly promised a visit from her in the coune of my stay. ' Before Christmas-eve was half spent, I had forgotten aU about the Ul-regnlatod lady, or her propensity for midnight prowl ing. Abont 3on the morning of Christmas Day I retired to bed—drowsy from exer cise and champagne, bnt restless from in digestible meat. I tossed about in an uneasy kind of for about half-an-hour, and then woke up. I saw, to my astonish- Sent, that I had been favored with a visit om a lady—in whose face I forthwith re cognised the unhallowed lineaments of the iforeisjd iU-regnlated female. Mistake traa impossible- There were the sensual lips, the mocking smile, the livid counten ance, and the horribly fiendish glare of the eye. I didn't feel at aU comfortable, bnt -rt last I ventured; to remark: "•Who, are yon?" '"A distressed spirit from. Ihe other world." 1 '"Ican'tbeHereit." •" Yon can beUeve it or not as yon like. Have yob aeen my portrait outside P Isn't that like me P" "'Well, I must aay, itis rather. But don't Jou think, as a reapectable ghost, that you aye no business* here in a bachelor's bed room at tbis hour of the night P" ; ' "Where I come from there is no ques tion of bachelorhood or matrimony/ ''• Oh,, indeed! would you kindly favor me with your address P I think your looaUty would suit me to 4 T." "•I think not." ' '"Ah! You are not. getting on very well —or—urn—below ?,'• * "No,or I shouldn't come to you." '"AU right—no apology needed. But jf you and the old gentleman oan't hit it I'm yery sorry, but I don't see what I can do. Will you take a mouthful of anything P Your garments, to put it roughly, are not quite suited to this kind of weather." '"Cold affects us not,mortal/' 4" Just so; you have so much of the other element at home that a change even to zero is refreshing. But, come, are you sping5 ping to take yOureelf off P It's a perfect canaal you stopping here. If lam to lose my oharacter, I would rather—urn—." '" Lose it through some more attractive piece of goods," said the figure, completing the sentence. •" To be candid, I can't deny the soft im peachment. And I really don't see why I should be ruined for nothing." '" WeU, to come to the point. I was a wicked woman, and murdered my husband fenerations ago. By this time I might aye found, if not rest, at anyrate obUvion, if it were not for that accursed picture which perpetuates my memory and causes me to walk the earth in misery. If you will destroy the picture I shsll be for gotten ; I shaU never come here again; my dust wiU no longer be disturbed." '" But it is no business of mine. I can not destroy the property of my host." •" WUI your host be the loser P Is the portrait aa ornament to the gallery P" •" Certainly not And I might deUcatelv hint that you are no ornament to this bea room." ,•" Think, then, of the misery from which you will free me." a ' And she added much more of the same: t land. FinaUy, whether it was the influence of a half-dreamy oondition, the champagne, fright (from which I was not free), or a general desire to get rid of my visitor, I cannot tell, but, as I am a Uving man, I* did at length get out of bed, pnt on a dressing-gown, proceed to the gallery with a light, mount on a chair, sUt the pioture' from its frame, and throw it npon my bed room fire, where in a few minutes it was* reduced to ashes. The figure had disap peared. I slept soundly until morning.* And what an uproar did the morning light bring forth! All the house was concen trated in the gallery, looking at the empty frame; and two or three enthusiasts oakne battering at my door, exhorting me to come out and enjoy the situation for myself. I hurried on my clothes, carefuUy packed the ashes of the confounded canvas in my trunk, and rushed out. There I found Lord Plucltington UteraUy beside himself with rage. He had esteemed the picture . more highly than any other in the collec- > tion; indeed, I suppose these things are valued on the same system as babies and pug-dogs—the ugliest is the dearest. Of course every kind of enquiry was made; and of course the secret was never dis covered. I guessed the truth from the ' glances of some of the young sparke amongst the party, and some time after*. - wards I ascertained it for certain. The' * hon. Adolphus Pigeon had "made up" as the lady, but had earned matters too far in inviting me to destroy the picturev I The fact was that he had expected me te* ■ < be scared outof my wits at "the apparition," i* and was rather taken abaok at finding me,' • plus the champagne, too many for him. So ■■ much for my experience of gnosts/. Thus the night wore ramdly on; and the '■' Unknown wore on too, and beoame decidedly the worse for wear. In other words he could only keep himself from eccentricity < by incessant vigilance, and his mind waa rapidly becoming unequal to the strain. He played the piano-forte, and played it well; * but in the middle of Beethoven's * Moon light Sonata' he introduced something un- ' commonly like an Irish jig, and the main • theme in the maroh from 'Tannhaiiser' degenerated into * Way down upon the Swannie ribber/ He addressed some words' < to Miss Julia which she. received in amazed silence, and he flung her occasional glaneei which astonished her atiU more. Where he •' - would have ended can only be a matter for ■ - conjecture. About 10 o'clock footsteps were heard on the verandah, and the asr*" vant announoed that a gentleman wanted to r speak with Mr. Brooks. ' There is no suoh penon here,' said MrsJ < - Hopkins. . , ...... I*.. Brooks collapsed immediately npon hear* • • ing his name. He knew that his hour was come. He had heard the voice of BaUey. ■ It has often .been noted that the deniaene' > of Woogaroo, and similar establishments, are capable of bearing it off very bravely * amongst strangers, but sink into their normal state immediately they behold a famiUarface; and so it was with the errant Brooks. He never thought of resistance.' He had been too long in a madhouse to suj*W Ease that he was a sane man—or at least be - ad been too long habituated to submission ' to attempt the assertion of his indepen-* denoe. Perhaps a conviction of thia kind had enabled him to carry off so weU during ■ the evening with the guileless mother aaa< her child. The phenonpna of the bumaik '• mind are various, and, who knows, the lunatic, like many sane mortals, might have fancied that he was a different being merely* ' because he was in a fresh place. .••••.. 'A—l think I can explain, Mn. Hop- v J ins. Just one moment.' And he stepped ■' ut. •> •All right, Mr. Brooks,' said Bailey; - 'hope you've enjoyed your Christmai. Here's tne carriage lust outside.' The ladies heard the carriage drive ' away, and they sat long expecting the re- ' turn of Brooks. ' This is a strange man/ remarked Mn. Hopkins the next d*f, whUst they were discussing the events of v ■'•' the preceding evening, 'but no doubt he wiU return- to explain. 'He wiU never return, mamma; we-"1 have been made fools of in some way that I cannot dearly understand, but probably we shall learn sooner than we . . . * • ■ • • ■ , Mr. Simon Twiddle remained for soafee days in bed suffering from both physical a*ad mental injury. He had addressed a note to Heartsease Villa, and another to - Maryborough. To the former he did not -■- receive an answer; to the latter he had the pleasure of getting the foUowing • reply •— ' Maryborough, December 31,187-*~ ' Sic, —So they put you in a lunatic asylum, did they P And you dare to ask - me to seek legal redress for your being confined in the only place you were eve? fit for! The only folly they committed ■ • was in not keeping you there! It was their own act —getting you, and I should have disclaimed responsibility. 'You dared to think of contracting a matrimonial alUance without my leave! What would have become of you after marriage P These two hussies are mere . ■ adventuresses, and wanted to entrap you. A nice catch 2 I have learned the whole story from a kind friend of youra, aad have written to them giving them a piece sV ' ... of my mmdi -adding that you had no mind; either whole or in piece; nor a piece of money except what I choose to give yon. ' Christian feeling, especiaUy at this sea son of the year, enjoins me not to visit you too severely. But let me catch you at it again! ' Your only supporter, •Tabitha Bubbihsuog. '• P.S.-—You need not pay the New Year's visit. The presenoe of you would make me ill/ The gentle lady never made a greater mistake ia.her life. The absence of Mr. Twiddle made her iU. Having nobody else to quarrel with, she indulged in a furious row with her favorite minister, the Rev. Euphonins Squagge, in the ooune of which Christian interchange of amenities she 'gave' him pretty nearly aU she had re served for Simon, except the physio. Such a combination of events was too muoh for her. Bhe took to her bed* and gradually grew worse. One day she asked ncr nunc for a cooling draught, and on swaUowingit exolaimed with a screech, «What's this P* 'I took it from a fresh bottle, ma'am, but it'a quite right/ 'Then, it's oyer! It was the physio I had intended for Twiddle!' The unfortunate lady survived long enough to re-make her wdl. It contained a devisee for £20,000 for a mission to the Choctaw Indians (to be eaUed the Burrin sugg Choctaw Mission); a bequest of a black mourning ring to the Rev. Squagge; £5000 to, a rival clergyman who had long struggled for supremacy, but had never succeeded, exoept at the last (and the right) * moment; and varioua other useful and Christian dispositions. Mr. Simon Twiddle got a pound a week. He was at various times seen wandering along the quays, on the hills about Bowen-terrace, and about South Brisbane; but he never went in. Whatever people may say about suicide being cowardly, it takes some resolution to make the plunge. By dint of biUiard-mark ing, and the Uke high olass occupations, he eked ont his income; and often told sin gular stories of how he lost a large fortune; out he never said that it was through his own fault in spending Christmas in thi Wrong Place. The explanation of the whole business is that Broods waa, before his tanicy, a friend of Twiddle* and songht his house; after the1 escape iewn Woogaroo, for the purpose* of shelter. Voilatout. A good;deal Pf Brooks' atory became known tothe medical authorities,-and they speedily and justly concluded that he was fit to Wat larger He nltimatel*r got rou-dd with the inmates of ■ Heartsease Villa, mar* ried iulia/and prospered greatly. 