SUDDEN DEATH AT GAWLER.. \- Someexcitement was caused in Gawler ohSatur day morning, August 17, by the circulation of a report that Miss Jeanie Johnson, a young lady employed in Mr: T. O. Jones's boot factory, had been found dead inher bed. She had been seen during the week going to and coming from her place of employment, and being very well known in the town as a quiet, unassuming girl general regret was expressed at. the news. She was stoutly built, and apparently, very healthly. T?Fe learned upon enquiry that she had been suffering during the early part of the week from sickness and pains which-she attributed to a natu ral cause. This was said to be nothing unusual with her, and recourse was had to a vendor of homoeopathic medicines, who had successfully treated her before, for assistance. By his aid the desired result was achieved, but in a few hours the sickness recommenced, and on Satur day morning she died. Dr. Tot)ham was called in, but she was a corpse before he could arrive. Mr: Livesey,' the hommopathic druggist, had strongly recommended medical assistance snouid be obtained, and her relatives had also urged the deceased to allow them to send for a doctor, but she absolutely refused until early on Satur day. Au inquest was held in the the afternoon,, at the Old Spot Hotel, by Mr. G. W. Hawkes and a jury of 12, of whom Mr. B. E. Deland was foreman. . . Charlotte Johnson said she was the sister-in law of deceased, who was in perfect health on the- previous Monday. About 10 o'clock on that evening she commenced vomit ing, and said she. had pains in her stomach. This was nothing unusual for her. Gave her some warm gin and water. The next morning applied a .mustard plaster to her stomach and put her feet in a hot mustard bath. On Wednesday she was no better, and she asked deceased to have medical advice, but she refused, and desired her to get Mr. Livesey to prescribe for her as he had done before under the same circumstances. His treatment resulted apparently in a satisfactory manner on Wednes day night. The pain had then ceased entirely, but on Thursday she was seized with sickness. Deceased was subject to bilious. attacks, and this was all that was thought to be wrong. Some more medicine from Mr. Livesey was ob tained, which gave her relief. On Friday after noon she complained of a return of the pain. During the night she consented to have a doctor in the morning- if she were no better. About 6 o'clock she spoke to witness and said she thought she would get up for a little, as it was only a shortness in her breath that then troubled her.' Went into her room about 7 o'clock and found her- apparently in a swoon. Sent for Dr. Popham, who came about 7.45, hut life was extinct before he arrived. ' William Johnston, brother of deceased, cor roborated the above evidence, and said that deceased was usually healthy. ^ W. E. Livesey said he had prescribed homeo pathic medicines for deceased on several occa sions. On Wednesday morning be was informed that deceased was feverish and that she had pains. He prescribed aconite and Pulsatilla. Tn the evening she was reported to be again in very great pain, and he prescribed calomilla. On Thursdav she was said to be much better, and on Friday it was said she was vomiting ana had pains in the-head. For this he prescribed ipecacuanha. He advised on every occasion that a medical man should be sent for. Dr. Popham said that at 7.30 that morning a message came.to iis room requesting him to go at once to see Miss Johnston. He went at once, and was in the house within 15minutes of the time he was called, hut found life to be extinct. The upper and lower extremities were cold, though the body was warm. He made enquiries as to the nature of the illness from which she had been suffering, andwas informed that they thought it nothing serious. He asked why they did not send for a doctor earlier ? and was informed" that they had wished to do so, but deceased had said she did not care about having in the young doctors. He told- the relatives he could do nothing, and: that .they had better communicate with the police. He could say - nothing as" to the cause of death without a post mortem examination. The inquest was then adjourned till 3.30 p.m. to allow of a post-mortem, examination being On resuming, Dr. Popham said A post mortem was made about 10 hours after death. The body -was well nourished. There were no external marks of violence. The whole of the internal organs were healthy with the exception of being congested from the mischief which has caused death. This was solely acute peritonitis of from six to seven days standing. The imme diate cause of death was syncope caused by the acute disease. Dr. Dawes- performed the post mortem examination with me, and we consider that medical assistance should^ have been called in at ah early stage of the illness. Had this been done it is very possible that life could have heensaved. The Coroner Bummed up, and the Jury re turned the following verdict in accordance with the medical testimony:—"That the death of deceased, Jeanie Johnston, arose from syncope caused by acute peritonitis." There was k very good attendance at White's Booms on Saturday evening to witness the pleasing and cleVer entertainment of Bain ford's Ghost and Petite Comedy Company. To-night there will be an entire change in the rogramme. The Rev. Charles Clark will commence his northern tour to-day, beginning with Gawler and concluding with Port Pirie. Hitherto bo eminent artiste has thought it woi'th his while to visit the northern areas; but Mr. Clark occupies an exceptional position; and his extra ordinary success in Adelaide will doubtless obtain for him an enthusiastic reception. ^Charles Dickens " and '' "Westminster Abbey' are the two lectures which have been selected for the entertainment of up-country audiences. At the conclusion of his tour Mr.. Clark Will give an other series of lectures in Adelaide. •" A serious accident occurred ou board the Pakwan at Wallaroo on Friday, August 16. The !Tz CS.r6ports—a One of th© hands was ongaged in clearing away some coal and lumber, in order to make room for taking in copper. There were some cases of galvanized iron stacked close to where he was at work, and these he appears to have undermined, when they gave way and fell towards him. He immediately jumped to one side, but in doing so he tripped against a piece or dnnnage and fell, and one of the cases came on his right foot and ankle, crushing them fright fully- The uufortunate fellow was at"once re moved to the Hospital, where he was attended bv Dr Hamilton. On examination it was found that the injuries he had received were of such a character as to preclude all possibility of saving the leg. The limb was consequently amputated by Dr. Hamilton, assisted by Dr. Jay." Some extensive alterationshave just been completed in the warehouses of Messrs. Lux moore & Co., in Gilbert-place. About three months ago the firm found that the accommoda tion at their command was not sufficient to meet the requirements of their business, and a con tract was let to Mr. B. Huckson for the necessary alterations. It will be remembered that there were two one-story buildings adjoining one another, and these have been knocked into one, rendering this part of the building which is to be devoted to the sale of hides and skins—very commodious. The dimensions are about 80 feet by 66 feet. Then another story had to be added to the building, and this part has been carried out in a highly satisfactory manner. As the sales of wool were to be held in this room it was necessary that the light and -the ventilation should be of a superior character, and the architect, Mr. E. H. Bayer, has thoroughly met the requirements. By the judicious placing of numerous skylights a light which will at no time be too strong but always subdued-—wilt be obtained, and the facilities provided for the inspection of the wool samples are excellent. The ventilation also is of a most complete character. There are other slight improvements,, amongst which are a hydraulic lift to the upper story, and an or dinary lift capable of raising about one ton weight. On Saturday afternoon a few gentle men, at the invitation of Mr. Huckson, attended at the saleroom to formally open the building. The contractor, in handing over the keys to Mr. Suhling. oneof the firm, proposed, the toast o " Luxmoore & Co." He expressed his gra - tion at the speedy manner in which he had beeu enabled to carry out the building, and at the courtesy he had received at the hands.of tfoa firm Mr. Suhlinghaving responded, the hep.itha olthe architect said of the contractor were drunk with quthusiasm* 