SAVAGE SUPERSTITIONS, PAST AND PRESENT. (From the Telegraph.) The survival, or revival, of savage superstitions among the civilised races forms a very in teresting subject of investigation, because it helps to explain the pre valence of certain epochs. It also illustrates, as we observed in a pre- vious article, the tendency of the human mind to travel in a circle, and to revert, under certain con ditions of society, to the beliefs and practices of barbarism. There can be no stronger proof of this than is supplied by that form of mental epidemic known as spiritism. Most of its puerile doctrines are held by the natives of Mangaia, in the South Pacific. Spirit land, according to them, consists of a number of con centric spheres outside the earth, the denizens of which 'marry, mul tiply, and quarrel like mortals. They wear clothing, plant, cook, fish, build, and inhabit dwellings of ex actly the same sort as exist on earth. ' This is just the kind of thing we read in Spiritist publica tions, while the inhabitants of the summer land of the South Sea savage differ in quality and charac ter, like those who occupy the spheres of the civilised barbarian. There are truthful spirits and lying spirits, spirits comical and spirits didactic ; and the invisible world is a sort of pale and spectral reflex of the material world. The Red Indians of North Amer ica, the Alentian islanders, and many of the indigenous tribes of Africa, cherish precisely the same wildly preposterous ideas concerning the spirits of the dead hovering about them, accompanying, instruct ing, and communicating with them, as are entertained by the white spiritist. But in the savage, the superstition seems to be associated with the childhood of the human mind, just as ghost stories are most eagerly listened to in the nursery ; whereas among the civi lised races spiritism appears to be one of the signs of mental decrepi tude ; for just as Falstaff, on his deathbed, 'babbled o' green fields,' and just as most aged persons re vert to the recollections of the earliest period of their existence when the flame of life begins to flicker in the socket, so the mind of races, in their eclipse or decay, relapses into the weak and foolish fancies of the untutored savage. It passes into a state of second child- hood ; it loses its discriminative and ratiocinative faculties ; it be- lieves any improbable story that is told to it ; and even when it is dimly conscious that it is being imposed upon, it clings with the greater tenacity to the fond de lusion, and is angry with those who attempt to undeceive it. Pop- ulus vult, decipi et decipiatur. The phenomenon is by no means a novel one in history ; for some thing of the kind has always marked the occurrence of transi- tional periods in the annals of tho human race. ' Whole nations,' as Dr Marvin has remarked, in his ad mirable lecture on Mediomania, ' become suddenly deranged, and ' disordered mental action leads ' the army and rules the State. ' Such periods are eras of moral 'and criminal epidemics. The ' ages which witnessed the great ' epidemics of chareamania, lycan ' thropia, melancholia, and pan ' phobia, were transitional, and, I ' believe, the age in which we are ' living is transitional. The change, ' so far as we are concerned, is ' from the old civilization, growing ' out of the last interpretation of ' the English charter, to a new civi lisation, which has not yet defined ' itself. It, like other ages, has ' its subtle predisposing causes and ' its epidemics of insanity.' And the fact that hundreds of thousands of persons are seized upon by a mental delusion, and eagerly em brace a savage superstition, is quite in keeping with the experience of former ages. The dancing mania which broke out in 1574, and over spread the whole of Germany and the Netherlands, did not die out for a couple of centuries ; and the thou sands of persons who went whirling through the streets in wild delirium, until they fell to the ground in a state of exhaustion, were composed of men and women not a whit more impressionable or credulous than the votaries of spiritism. In fact, there was some prospect of this very form of mania being revived in America a few years ago : for, in 1871, the Banner of Light an nounced, with much laudation, the advent of a new victim of medio mania, a Mrs P—— , who gave dancing seances ' under influence,' and was regarded by the faithful as a remarkable test medium. As to table rapping, the idea was probably borrowed from the Polter geist of Germany, who goes about knocking answers to questions upon trees and walls ; while its ori ginal derivation from savage races may be inferred from the fact that the modern Dyaks, Siamese and Cingalese, are firm believers in spirit rapping. Table turning is a trick that has been practised in China for many centuries, while 'levitation,' as it is called, is men tioned by the biographer of Apol lonius of Tyana, who wrote in the third century, as having been per formed by the Indian Brahmans ; and Lucian describes foreign con jurors who visited Greece in the second century as having caused people to float in the air, called up demons, raised the dead, and brought in Hecate visible; much as ' Katie King' is said to have been ' materialised.' Of course, a savage superstition of this kind is utterly irreconcila ble with science ; and the scorn with which it is regarded by men like Darwin, Huxley, and Tyndall is not to be wondered at, when we read the pitiful nonsense written by the propagators of this deplorable delusion. Here is Andrew Jackson Davis, for example, venting such rubbish as this : — ' The body of ' the spirit (the soul) is a result ' wrought out by the physical or ganisation; not that the spirit is ' created, but that its structure is ' formed, by means of the external ' body. . . . Mental orgonisa ' tion is a result of material re ' finement. . ... The use ' of a physical bone is to make a ' spirtual bone ; even so the physi ' cal muscle makes a spiritual ' muscle ; not the essence, but the ' form thereof. The use of the ' cerebrum is to make a spiritual ' back brain.' The only wonder is that he did not tell us that the cart draws the horse, the locomo tive drives the steam, and the sails of a ship propel the wind. This would have made his nonsense complete. But it is only a fair sample of the stuff which is written and read by spiritists, many of whom will tell you that, although they reject Revelation, and fail to perceive the evidences of a Crea tive Mind in the works of nature, yet that they have been, neverthe less, convinced of the existence of another world by the fact of a bunch of carrots having been sent whizzing past their nose, by an unseen hand, in a dark seance ! 