THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 27, 1878, BOTH Houses of Parliament meet to-day, but though the notice paper of the Assembly contains a formidable list of important business, we believe the public have not a thought in con- nection with the proceedings of to day, out- side what has reference to the Main Line Railway difiiculty. That is the question which occupies men's minds to the exclusion of every other1 consideration, but we fear that they who anticipate any definite arrangement will be disap- pointed. We are not in a position to speak autho- ritatively. Government have, as we said yesterday, kept their counsel in so far at least as we are con- cerned, for we have not seen even the Case for the Colony, and the Opinion of counsel thereon, or copy thereof, though Members of the Opposi- tion can talk glibly of their contents. We know nothing except on that unreliable authority hearsay, but fas est et ab hoste doceri. Colonel GREY, one of the Deputation, confirms what we said yesterday when we expressed the opinion that " it would be found that we are not far out if we say that, at the time we write, little real progress has been made towards an adjustment of this long-standing and most irritating diffi- culty." In a letter which we publish this morn- ing, Colonel GREY is frank enough to let us know that he is prepared to be an apt imitator of the Chairman of his Board, Mr. SHEWARD, and only waits an opportunity and the occasion for mud- throwing, to attribute im- proper motives, and lay all manner of accu- sations against any who dare to have a different opinion from him, or who have the courage to stand up for the Colony when it is so much the fashion to be traitors to its interests, and to take up the cause of the Main Line against the Colony as a means of throwing difficulties in the way of Ministers, and, it may be, forcing them to retire from office - and we at once say we care not how soon if it be, as said, that the Deputation expect to force concessions from Ministers, and Minis- ters are prepared to make concessions to the Company because the Company have secured a ? preponderating influence in the Assembly. If the interests of the Colony are to be sacrificed, we would rather see it done by those from whom we expect such party tactics, than from Ministers in whose integrity and patriotism we had placed our confidence, and to whom we have always offered agenerous support. Let us hope that despite rumours to the contrary, Ministers, while considerate to the Company, will be faithful to the Colony. Colonel GREY, while reading us a Sheward lesson, and letting all who differ from him know what they may expect, has been kind enough to set our minds at ease on one point. His obligations to observe secrecy do not prevent him from confirming our impressions, and assuring us that negociations are still proceeding between the Government and the Deputation. If still pro- ceeding, then, no arrangement has been arrived at ; and, as we said yesterday, the labours of the past fortnight have ended in nothing. The Depu- tation expect better terms from Parliament than they have been able to extort from Government. We shall not, however, anticipate. We have still faith in the patriotism and justice of Parliament. And though party spirit may blind the vision of some, we believe that the parliamentary mind is sound, and that the present, or any other Minis- try, proving faithful to their trust, will receive a hearty support. In that faith we wait the Ministerial statement which, although not for- shadowed in the notice paper, will certainly be made. Though the principal business of the session will unquestionably be the railway question - and deservedly, for it is the most momentous ques- tion over dealt with by a Tasmanian Parliament -all other legislation must not be allowed to come to a standstill, and therefore it may not be out of place if we briefly recall the public mind to the business before Parliament. In the Legislative Council to-day the only business is the second reading of the Probate and Letters of Administration Effect Bill, and the consideration of the suspended Bankers Law Bill. Of course Mr. CROWTHER must be to the front ; but it is in the very innocent direction of asking that some petitions presented by him from constitutional reformers in known and unknown places in the electoral district of East Devon be printed. If worth the paper and labour, why not ? In the Assembly there is a long list of orders of the day. Set down for second reading are the Public Works Act Amendment Bill, the postponement of which to a future date will cause no great public incon- venience since its only object is to include as public works under the Act, 1873, irrigation and drainage, the supply of water to towns, and that ingeniously expressed object "other like works," scarcely ,any of which are among the probabilities of the present; the Roads and Bridges Maintenance Bill which will be much better of being licked into shape ; the Rural Police Rate Act Amendment Bill which exempts certain property from liability in rates; the Volunteer Force Bill and the Mili- tary Discipline Bill over which our Colonial soldiers may think fit to fight Government; the Wrecks Inquiry Act Amendment Bill and the Real Property Act Amendment Bill, the last named of which the lawyers will dis- cuss, while the ship owners should be heard regarding the matter of wrecks. It does not say much for past legislation that of seven Bills set down for second reading five are for amending existing statutes. Three Bills have been advanced so far as to have been committed to Committee. These are the Civil Service Bill as at present framed, a "thank you for nothing'' measure ; the electoral Bill, a measure of such unnecessary pretensiousness that Ministers will do well to eliminate all but what provides for the transference of controverted elections from the political heat of a Parliamentary Com- mittee to the cool atmosphere of the Supreme Court, and the Post Office Bill which with required nullifications cannot be too soon passed into law. The Committee of Supply has its work before it, while the Committees in the cases of Mrs. HARDINGE and Mr. WOOTTEN should not occupy long time. The Select Committee on Elections moved for by the Member for West Hobart will be named, and whether the Committee prosecute their inquiry with vigour, or allow the matter to fall stillborn, they will probably have equally served the purpose of the mover. In the name of Mr. MITCHELL, stand two important notices of motion. The one is that the rental of all Crown lands be col- lected half-yearly on January 1st, and July 1st, instead of according to the present system, under which rents fall due any day according, to the date of the lease. We feel assured that if all rents were made to full due on a given day, it would give less trouble to the Department, and yield more to the revenue. Mr. MITCHELL'S other motion contem- plates the assisted immigration of distressed Cornish miners. Subject to proper precautions any sum at the disposal of the Board would be thus more advantageously disposed of, than under the present do-nothing system, by means of which the sums at command of the Board are melting away without producing any sub- stantial or real result. Mr. GELLIBRAND is to ask whether Government intend to introduce a Probate Bill this session. Would some one enlighten us us to whether the Probate and Letters of Administration Effect Bill waiting second reading in the Council meets what Mr. GELLIBRAND requires; if not, what is the proposed effect of the "Effect Bill" in the Council? No parliamentary programme would be complete, no not for a single day, without the name of Mr. DOOLEY who desires to know the names of the " lessees, conditions, and terms of the Tamar Hematite Iron Company's lease," The hon. gentleman knows all about it already, or if he is in doubt on any point, a quarter of an hour spent in the Lands office would be more than sufticient to satisfy his thirst for knowledge. But such an unostentatious way of going about his work would not suit the purpose of the bashful and unobtrusive Member for East Devon. \-------------- PARLIAMENT.-Both Houses resume business at 4 o'clock this afternoon. ln the Council the only business on the paper is the second reading of the Probate Bill, consideration of the Bankers Hill, and an unimportant notice of motion. On the As- sembly paper there are ten bills set down to be dealt with, having arrived at various stages. They are the Public Works Act Amendment, Roads and and Bridges Maintenance, Rural Police Rate Act Ammendment, Volunteer Force, Military Discipline, Civil Service, Wrecks Enquiry Act Ammendment, Real Properly Act Amendment, Electoral and Post Office Bills. There are also seven notices of motion ; but all this business is unimportant when compared with the anxiously anticipated statements with re- gard to the Main Line Railway, which will be made in both Houses. VOLUNTEER PARADE. - In accordance with orders issued from the Orderly Room, a general parade of the Tasmanian Volunteer Rifle Regiment took place at the Barracks last evening, the object being the inspection of the uniforms, which have recently been issued to the members of the corps. About 200 rank and file, including all the officers, at- tended, and were under the command of Major the Hon. Sir James M. Wilson, P.L.C., while Captain Boddam, R.A., superintended the opera- tions of the four companies. The battalion was put through various movements, and the ranks being opened out, the men, all of whom appeared to- gether for the first time in their brilliant uniforms, were inspected by the Commandant, Lieutenant Colonel St. Hill, who was accompanied by the Major. The companies was then formed into line, and went through various military evolu- tions in a very creditable manner. The parade altogether occupied about an hour and a half, at the expiration of which time the battalion was dismissed by Adjutant Clarke. Both the Commandant and the Major expressed themselves as being much pleased with the general appear- ance, and the exercises of the corps. There was a large attendance of civilians, many of whom spoke in eulogistic terms of the vigour shown by Sir James, and expressed their gratification at again seeing him acting in the capacity of Major after a lapse of upwards of eleven years since he previously officiated in the same distinguished military position and with the same tact and ability. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN RIFLE ASSOCIATION.-The usual weekly meeting of the committee of this Association was held last evening, Lieutenant Roblin in the chair, when Mr. Percy Coverdale was elected a member. The Secretary reported the receipt of £10 from the Executive Government in part re- payment of the expense which the Association incurred in putting into repair the Government Rifle Butts on Macquarie Point. It was decided to have the prize-firing early in October, and the secre- tary was instructed to prepare the necessary lists of classified members for the purpose of placing them in squads. The Match Committee were ordered to meet on Monday next, at 3 o'clock, to arrange as to a prize silver-cup, to be shot for by members of the association at one of the prize meetings, in addition to money prizes of about £30. Discussion ensued as to the advisability of securing one day in the week for practice by the Association members, as Capt. Hull, the musketry instructor, had reported he would require the use of the butts for the target practice of the 300 Riflemen, besides which there would be the two hundred Artillery men who would have to be put through their carbine practice by their Instructor. £100 has been placed on the Estimates for a Rifle Range, and it is time that some improvement on that now in use was made, as in the summer time the scent in the neighbourhood of the present butts is hardly that of " Araby the blest." PRESENTATION TO CAPTAIN HULL.-At the weekly meeting of the Rifle Association yesterday, the hon. secretary, Captain H. M. Hull, Musketry Instructor to the Rifle Regiment, was presented with a regula- tion sword and belt. The presentation was made by Lieut. Roblin, of the Volunteer Artillery, and there were also present Capt. Evans, Lieut. Stone, and Sergt. Webb of the same Corps(who are also mem- bers of the managing committee of the Assciation.) In making the presentation, Lieut. Roblin said that a short time back, when Captain Hull received his commission as Captain Instructor of musketry in the Tasmanian Rifle Regiment, it was thought, by the member of the association, to be a fitting opportunity for marking, by a testimonial, their sense, not only of the great value of the services rendered by him in carrying on the business and advancing the interests of this association, but also as an acknowledgment of the unvarying kindness and courtesy displayed by him in the dis- charge of the duties of Honorary Secretary. The matter having been duly considered, it was deter- mined that, as his appointment on the Volunteer Staff would necessitate his procuring a sword and accoutrements, no other form of testi- monial would be so appropriate. He (Lieut. Roblin) therefore had now the pleasure, on behalf of the Southern Tasmanian Rifle Association, of presenting him with a Regulation Sword and Belt. In reply, Captain Hull said he accepted the sword and belt with pleasure, and would endeavour always to wear them honorably and worthily as a com- missioned officer, in company with his twenty-six fellow members who had been appointed as com- missioned or non- commissioned officers in the De- fence Force. The Association with which he had been connected as secretary for nearly 22 months, had no doubt given an impetus to the Volunteer movement, because out of its 114 enrolled members it had supplied 60 to the new Defence Force, and the rest would doubtless be an available reserve force, from which men trained to the rifle might be drafted into the artillery and rifle regiments, taking with them a competent knowledge of the use of their rifle at long ranges, for the practice of which they had so creditably given up their time and atten- tion. A. A. DEGREE EXAMINATION.-The preliminary examination of candidates for the degree of Asso- ciate of Arts is to be held at the Freemasons' Hall on Friday, 27th September. The following gentle -men have been appointed to conduct the examina- tion :-Rev. Dr. Bromby, Melbourne, Examiner in French, Latin, Greek, Mathematics, Natural Philo- sophy, and Geology ; Hon. F. M. Dobson, Melbourne, Examiner in French and German ; Professor Pear- son, Melbourne, Examiner in Italian ; Mr. Henry Hunter, Drawing. IN BANKRUPTCY.-The hon. Mr. Justice Dobson presided in chambers yesterday, at a meeting in re Thos. Bennet, for the taking of evidence as to the discovery of certain property, belonging to the bankrupt's estate. The meeting was not public. GLENORCHY POLICE COURT.-At this court, yesterday before the Warden (Mr. Wm. Murray) and Mr. Jas. Cowle J.P., a .young woman named Eliza Douglas was charged by her employer, Mr. W. F. Brownell, of Now Town, with having, on the 24th inst., appropriated a pair of ladies' boots belonging to his daughter. The articles were missed while defendant was absent from the place for a short timo and she was found wearing them when she returned. It was not however proved that the boots were taken from Miss Brownell's room, as alleged by the prospector, and, in defence, the accused stated she had found them in her own room, and as they fitted her, she thought they were her's and put them on. The bench gave the prisoner the benefit of the doubt and discharged her with a caution. FRANKLIN.-A serious case of wounding occurred at Castle Forbes Bay on Saturday afternoon last. Two lads, Alfred Woodruff, and Alexander Simes, aged respectively 18 and 13, were having an alterca- tion, when Simes seized a paling knife, and, whilst Woodruffs back was turned, made a blow at him, inflicting a severe wound upon the upperpart of the calf of Woodruffs left leg, cutting through trousers, flesh, etc., clean to the bone. Dr. Shaw was quickly in attendance, and did all he could for the unfortunate lad. Simes after committing the assault bolted, but was subsequently arrested by Constable Poole. TJJK APÄTRAWAN NEWS.-Wo have received from tho local ' agents, Messrs. Westcott, Bcedham and Co., tho llhutrated Australian Neios for Sopteinber, which contains a vory fairly written and impartial summary of Tasmanian nowa for tho past month. The rest of the paper is devoted to news of the other colonies. The illustrations aro very good, and include portraits of W. J. Clarke, of Sunbury, and Sir Arthur Gordon, Governor of Fiji. FATAL BARGE ACCIDENT.-It was rumoured about the wharves yesterday afternoon that the barge Esther had capsized,' and that a young woman had been drowned. Upon making inquiries the rumour unfortunately proved to be correct, the following being tho particulars :-The barge Esther, 30 tons, belonging to Mr. Joseph Graves, of Southport, left Hobart Town on Sunday morning for Southport with one passenger, Miss Lizzie Crawford, 20 years of age, and a m¡xod cargo, under the .command of Mr. Michael Driscoll and a crew of two men. When off Pelican Island, near Southport, at ha;f-past 5 o'clock yesterday morning, a sudden westerly squall sprang up and capsized the barge, Tho captain and ono of the crew managed to cut tho painter and got into the boat, while the other man who was in the bow of the barge, jumped into the water and swam to the boat. The men wore all saved. Miss Crawford, however, we deeply regret to say, was asleep in the cabin at the time of the accident, and went down with the barge. Tho premature death of this young lady has greatly shocked her many friends. D'Ancv's- READ'S GHOST.-It will bo seen by advertisement that tho Ghost will not appear till to- morrow night. The reason for the postponement is that'flio'.çxtoiisiy'o pronarát¡ons"h<¡eoi¡sary for' the proper production of'thij'exhibition aro not com- pleto '; lint tite Ghost will positively appear at the Town If all to-morrow night. DKIIWKNT OtiASfATin*GLÜH,-This club held a meeting, at thqu> club rbom, Mollo.'st'rcvt, 'lost evoniug.' Tho half-yearly balance sheet of t||e club was road, showing that ¿he adair« of the club vero in a salisfactory state. Tho election of officers than took placo, and resulted as follows ;*-Mr. E. B. Hornsby, secretary ; Mr. Graham, assistant secre- tary ; Air. J. 0. Bishop, treasurer j and Mr. 'f¡. Salter, stago manager.- A voto of thanks was nccouled to Mcsirsi Lithgow, O'Mara, Salter, and iäslinp, for tho efficient manuel' in which tltoy had liiaua.'jed the affairs of tho club during tho past half year. .'" " " ' '" ' (Jóspeit'f AT ST. JosKrii-'s.-A concert was announood for Just eyeiiftig at St. JosoplPs'sclidof' room, which wo prUuriii) fofilf piase, but" no repoitcr attonded from this ollloe, the usual invitar sion not having been extended. STONE TIIHOWINO.-A youth in tho employ of JI?, Alfrod Pierce, of Now Town, whilst driving jiqino with a loaded cart yesterday, had his left eye diingorouply hurl by a stone thrown by sonic young stors i'i¿!¡r't)i6'í,'líagío JJawk.'' Tim shook to his fiyslaii) was i>u great as to induce vomiting, whilst tho oyu was au much swollen as to l«,>d li) tl'c belief that ho may lose the sight of it parniaucntiy, THE TUSKH C'M'Ü.-Tho Daily 'J'ehijrajih of tho 22nd ¡list, says :-"Thoro is at present on view in the window of Messrs. Edwards ami Kaili, Collins street, a magnificent inkstand, manufactured in silver by tbït linn, for preseiitatiouby tho Hobart Town 'Tennis Çiub to Air. Bunuel ¡Smith-Trovers, of that city, 'jho ornament is of purcjy Egyptjan design, 'and has boon waa, tastefully aud elegantly executed." ' '."' PARADOXICAL.-"High'words" only mun. in DiMtewM, "low ltojjuige." SURGICAL OPERATION.—It will be remembered that some months ago Mr. George Bentley Wright, son of Mr. Isaac Wright, of the New Wharf, while opening out a bag, allowed his hand to slip, the knife touching his eye. Intense pain followed, and after many improvements and relapses, it was found that a cataract was being formed. How far even an operation would succeed in restoring sight was questionable, but that operation formed the only hope, and it was successfully performed on Sunday morning by Dr. Bright, assisted by Dr. Agnew, and the many friends of the young gentleman and his much esteemed father will be glad to learn that Mr. George is progressing favourably, and with every prospect of again enjoying the full benefit of his eyesight. Silt GiiOHGi; BOWES.-Tho Aye has tho follow- ing :-" Wo hear that iu addition to tho compli- mentary letters which the Governor has received from statesmen in England of both parties, His Excellency has during the last few days had a telegram from the Home Government informing bim that"t!ie only government of the first class which will fall vacant next year-one highly prized-will be placed at his disposal on the approaching expira- tion of his term of office in Victoria. According to the Colonial Office List, Sir George Bowen was'ap pointed to Victoria in January, 1873, though lie did not assume office here till the following March." The Melbourne correspondent of the lienditjo Atlrrr (her, on the same subject, says:-'According to a Mel bourne morning paper, Sir George Bowen bus recently received a telegram from the Colonial Office, notify- ing his intended appointment to tho only first-class Government which will bo vacant at or about the time of the expiration of his term in Victoria. On reference to the Colonial-Office List, however, I'lind that no fewer than five Governors,who are entitled under the "Efficient Rates and Regulations" to wear the " Civil uniform of íhe First Class " will have completed their terms at the end of tho year, or in the early part of }§7i|. Tho vacant Govern, melita, wjll be thosp fif Mauritius, salary £0.000 a your; ïiew'ggala,nd,'.*5,000 j Trinidad, £4,000; Tasmania, £3,500 j and tho Leeward 'Islands, £3,000. Of these, however, those of Mauritius and New Zealand can alono be considered " firBt-class " in respect of salary, and as Sir'George has already held the latter I presume that Mauritius must be his destination. Mauritius, it may be mentioned, is a colony of the second class, that is to say, possessing "Representative institutions, but not^ responsible government," and the control of publia' »dices is retained by tho Home Government. Tilt; PRINORS FfipqERioA.-^-Tlie London corres- pondent of the 8. Ar JinjUier writes:-"The mortal remains of King Gcorgo of Hanover have just been deposited in the rayai vault at Windsor. I have a lively recollection of tho noble and dignified appearance which ^tho deposed monarch presented a year or two ago .when pr ashling at a meeting of the lîoyal Institution at Albemarle-strcct, As he sacrified his large private property rather than make.peace with the Gorman Qovcrnmont it appeared ¿iijy natijral that ho should be buried among his English kindred rather than in tho royal tomb House of Hanover, which is under the control of men whom down to the- close of his life he regarded as his personal cnomieB. But I wish to speak not of King George, but of his fair and ac- complished daughter, Princess Frederica, who has now readied her thirtieth year without having married, although this has not been from InoU of suitors. The Duke of Connaught pioposed to her- and was rcjeptpd.. f-Jubscquontly he pro- posed, to. her sister, the Princess Marie, whq equally disdniucd his suit. The Duke, however, has been more successful in the negotia- tions for the hand oKthe Princess Louise, daughter of the fumons genera), Pi ince Frederick Chai les of Prussia. The IMUOOBS Frederica is now being wood by tltp Puo (VAumale, with, it is said, sonic pros- pects qf success on the part of the rather elderly lover, who is if a day 30 years her senior. The Due d'Aumale's suit is perhaps calculated to excite the compassion of a sympathetic spinster. l[e han not only lost his wife, but owing to u succession of bereavements js DOW, I believe, absolutely child- less,. Que qf the wealthiest men in France, and by far the ablest of the Orleans Princes, he is anxious net to remain alone in the world and also wishes to perpetuate his name. Will tho Princess Frederica take pity upon ii mau who, if wltat one hears be true, is very solitary in tl\e Hlidst of, all his gran- deur ? Perhaps the goldep link which death has jiia,t snapped may help her to answer in the affirma ti ve." FUEE EDUCATION, IN SOUTH AU^TIÎAI.IA.-Senne opposition is shown in South Australia to tho pro- position to introduce a system of free education. A petition signed by l,llli persons,"» largo number of whom aro Germans, ha3 been presented to Par- liament, praying that the bill for the abolition of school fees might ho rejected for the following reasons :-" 1. encause the system already provides for the education of the poor. 2. That a very great amount for educational purposes is already taken out of the puh|ic funds, and frgm which amount \vc derive np benefit whatever, 3. Because in the ovont of free public schools being established, we s]iaU bo bound by our qoiiqclciioc, and the tradi tiouu of qur church to continuo our denominational schools. 4. That such a olause would tend to pauperise the people and introduce au olomout of sqcialisn) highly undesirable for thö best interests of tho colony, and that compulsory education docs not necessarily entail free education-a fact fully admitted by the English codo now in active opera- tion. 5. We consider it would bo a gross injustice) that in a country where liberty of conscience is one of the fundamental principios of government we should bo compelled to contributo so largely towards the maintenance of a system of education whose aim is to eradicate all religious training whatever out of the schools." Mu. ROEBUCK.-The Melbourne correspondent of the bendigo Adrertiser writes ¡-The announcement that. Mr. Roebuck has received the distinction of membership of the Privy Council, at tho hands of Lord Beaconsfield, carries the memory back to many remote but never to be forgotten passages in English political life. Mr. Roebuck,'now verging closely upon 80 years of age, is one, I believe, of the eight members of the House of Commons who had seats in that'Assembry'at tho time of the Queen's accès; sion. A native of Madras-a Canadian by bringing 'up-au English barrister by profession-he has mode his inarlt in Parliamentary history as jo, jour- nalism and in social life. His tnomorablp inqtiui) for inquiry into the conduct of the Crimean war was the overthrow of L°rd Aberdeen, and obtained for Lord Palmerston the powur ho- wcilded solong. Mr. Roebuck's duel with Mr. Black, of the Morning Chronicle, was the talk »f tho day at tho time., Later on, his. vigorous denunciations of the trades' union outrages, for which Sheffield had become so unhappily notorious, cost him his scat for a time, .but ho soon regained it. Strange to say, Lord Beaconsfield, whose foreign policy Mr. Roe- buck has of late so warmly defended, and of whom he recently spoke as the ruler of the world, was in othor'days a constant subject for the exercise of the remarkable powers of invective which, characterised " Dog'Tear ciij "-as l)o qïtee collei} n|rt)sclf in debato. Mr. Ilacbiiok's marked 'Parliamentary ability, his rugged outspakeuess and tlio vigor of his attacks on abusos-whether chargeable to friends'or foes-combined with his persistent refusal to take office himself, havo rendered him a pro- minent figure in English politics for over forty years. ENCKE'S COMET.-This comet has been frequently seen by the Government astronomers in Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia. Mr. Russell, of 'Sydney, says it " visits us ovcry 3 1/3 years, is so small that is quite beyond the reach of unaided vision -indeed, even when one knows where to direct the telescope ; an aperture of from two to throe inches is required to seo it. Unfortu- nately, it is moving in a part of the heavens where there are no convenient stars to use as guides to find it. The easiest way to do so, therefore, will be from the position given below, to mark its plac on a star map, and then see its relation to stars in Leo and Virgo. Guided by the accurate' Ephemoria by 'Von Asten,' of Berlin,' published in March last, I found the comet without any trouble,' It oiipeurs very like a faint nobula, wittons nucleus or tail, mid the central condensation is not vory marked. The wholo diameter, as seen in the large teloscope, is only about five soconds of time, 1 havo obtained observations on four nights, which, will give tho comet's exact position ; however, as tho stars used are very small, there being no large ones near enough to use, I shall have to wait until tho stars ure observed with tho transit." Tho & A. JlegMer says the comet was discovered by Eneko in 1S03, who also, by a very laborious process, involving the computation of its perturbations identified it with the comets Of 1780 and 1705. Its periodical revo- lution is performed in 1,204 dayB, its orbit lies en- tirely within that of Jupiter, and as its successive returns' to' its perijicMiou baye shown a slight rottti'ilatiou t|i¡¡¡ haB lqd astronomers to 'investigate fuujw the. question 'of the''existence of a'resisting though excessively nttqnuat'od ' in'edijtpf porya'djng the interplanetar speiM. Hence» tho yój-y great importance, in a scientific point of view, of retmlvlod and accurate observations of this oolostini' visitor*. ' Tun LION AND TIII: LAM«.-" Pa," said a little boy livo years old, "I saw a lion ami a lamb lying sido by sido in tho meadow this morning." " Tut, tut, Jatnes. Don't tell.siioh stories," «aidlho futlior. " I toll you I did," persisto 1 the child ; " but it was a dandelion."_,___ " A Mr.LTi.vr;' of those who took part in the late .Artillery Baud'Fund Concert, is to bo held nt the 'fetejUäph I^dH¡l/'tli|tf evening. X Voo.M; and Instrumental Concert ¡a to toko place In the Bellerivo Hull nu Tuesday, Soptambev ¡í/ju aid of the fund for a new- piano for the Institute. A SPECIAL Goueral Meeting of the Shareholders of tho Tnsiiianjau Stoum Navigation Company is to held on Tuesday, 3rd September, at noon. A PuitLip MKKTINC in connection with the Young Mon's Christian Association is to take placo in the Ifroomason'a Hall this cvamnir, at eight o'clock. " Tue fortieth unmitil Exhibition uf tho 'Midland A^iiouHural Aswicjdtym-Js ti; bo buhl nt Campbell Town, on Weilua>day, Uulobor lilli'. 1'rlsoi, inu;ljer ohuuiplon cups and ninney to the valuu of C4üä 2a. will be olferod. -Entries close at 0 p.m. on September 28th. The usual concessions will bo made on tho Main Lino Railway. 