Tales & Sketches. STRUGGLES OF LIFE, ' O%i TOT : . ' TRUE ADVENTUBES OF HERE TOLMAQUE. (Specially Bo-written for the D. D. GatctteJ ICTBOB'e lions 1IMITED. ' VtHrit Qui PaHtur'— (He conquers who endnres). CHAPTER L Ko doubt it is a matter of perfect indif ference to my readers as to where I was bora, though, I believe, it is quite possible not a fow have speculated ere now as to how old I really am. 1 have heard it stated at variouB times that I am 28, 30, 35, or eveu 45 years of age. Ab to my exact age, or tbe year whioh had the distinguished honor of usheriug ray august person into the world, I suall not trouble rayselt or my readers. Suffice it to say that we 'professionals' never get old ; and I well remember a saying of the late Lord Palmoraton's to tbe effect tbat a man is just as old as he feels, and that no man need feel olil if he will but keep a fresh and youthful spirit within him. Nevertheless, as everyone writing or record ing the story of his life u expeoted to divulge Mb birth-place, I will state at onoe that I am a native of Altona, formerly a portion of Sohleewijj-Holetein, tributary to the King of Denmark, but now, as everyone is aware, a branch of North Germany. If my readers will kindly imagine the history of most little boys from tke time of tlieir birth to the age of thirteen, they will save me a great deal of unnecessary trouble. At thirteen I was suddenly awakened from the bright dreaniB of boyhood to the stern, facts and realities of this world, a world in which trouble and sorrow comes to us all, sooner or later. I allude to the death of the dearest, the best, and the kindest of womankind — my dearly beloved mother. Soon after this heavy blow, my father was seized with a painful malady, which rendered the breaking-up of our home a matter of necessity. I was tranefered to the guardianship of a relation in Hamburg, who very soon placed me in the counting house of an uncle of mine, one of the leading merchants in that city of commerce and bustle. I may here state that an elder brother of mine was at the head of the de- ' partment which was to prolit so much, and ' gained so little, by my introduction into it. | I believe it is a fact that, iu most families, ! brothers very seldom agree. We were no exception to the rule, and after some few days I was trausferred to the establishment of another nncle. But, truth to tell, 1 never had and never shall have the least liking for a commercial life, and the very sight of a bale of goods was as distasteful to me as loly water ib said to bo to the cloven-footed gentleman in black, for whom I have been aken more than once in my conjuring career. No wonder, then, that after three or four days' stay in my new office I made tracks, and one fine day wasff ound among the missing. It was oow resolved to send me to a friend in the country, to which proposition I heartily agreed; and an understanding having been entered into, by which I was to be despatched at once, my passage was taken on board of a steamer plying between Ham burg and ? , and sufficient money supplied me to hire a conveyance from the latter place to the residence of my future guardian, some twenty-five miles distant. I received besides some few thalers to serve for pocket money on the road. And now commences my hret adventure, which, like the ghost in Macbeth, is but the forerunner of many more. CHAPTER II. His life? what could it lw? A vapour on n shoreless nea, A troubled cloud in darkness tossed. Amongst tbe waste of waters lost. I flatter myself that amongst the many shousauds who have seen me perform, either in public or at private niancte, there is not me but will do me the justice to admit that is a sleight-of-hand performer, especially as i manipulator of cards, coins, &c.;, I may claim to be no novice in my profession. But, then, practioe makes perfect- Poets may be born heaven inspired, painters may be destined to illume the world with their soul-stirring works from their very cradle, bnt I claim no auch distinction for myself. At the event ful period named in my first chapter I was green as grass, verdant as the most innocent lamb as to tricks with cards, or, indeed, tricks of any kind, with the exception of (be well-known trick of playing truant from school, practised more than once, and with great success and perfect satisfaction to my self. Descending into the cabin of the steamer I espied me certain gorgeously dressed and much bejewelled individuals ; philanthropists of the lirst water, as 1 thought, liberally bestowing riches right and left by the aid ot three iunooont little cards, one of which they would kindly and in the most disinterested manner show to the gap ing yokels, and then deliberately and reck lessly bet any money that no one could put his hand on the same cord again. Here whs a chance for a youthful adventurer. OoM, banknotes, in heaps, an Iil'Doradonf wealth, to be had for tbe mere asking. Could this be true f Was I really on. boardof an ordinary steamboat, or was it all a dream, and should I awake presently to find 1 had been labor ing under a delusion and a snare I I will try the reality at all eventB. I will wager a bet with these benevolent MothschUda in disguise. No sooner Baid than done. I bet ; I Win ; Eureka I My heart beats fast and loua. I bet again ; again I am a winner. Visions of immediate aud untold wealth float before my enthralled senses. My cheeks are, by turns, hot and cold, ray breath comes thick and fast, and all this time the aforesaid benevolen bankers in disguise smile upon, me the e«ee smile of conscious benefactors of the hnmai race. At the suggestion of another, and stil more benevolent looking, individual— a prince or, perhaps, a king in disguise, I doable the stakes, and lose I It was the old, old story.' I had fallen amongst a gang of as villainous card-sharpers as ever flourished out of Newgate — and, to continue the 'oldr old , jstory, . they r . fleeced me out of every penny in my possession, inoludiog my fare to ? . Fright, remorse, And shame ; took the plaoe of hope »o4b»p'pine»B.' Bern' you tight, I bear -my readers gay. Of Course Itdid,»ayili but, then, I wassovery Jioung and inexperienced, anfl pbouht ftaq moa to have plenty of taoney. 'Durtngthenettfew hours eoobeeding :myjflrst experiment in tbe .art of aoqnlring sudden wealth, I sati'na' (Comer of tbe.fisbip, dMply #na shamefully affected, penitent, and fitU of fcood resolves tor the future : bnt my «ye« was opened ; I trod tasted of the forbidden fruit, and, like Olivet JrwiBt,.liongtdfor,raor% Money, *«f opjipsBj X ^b^d^ p)on6p bnt jP^K||6pil© orain apoiuB-uOli 'In piorfit' X juA 'noil ffafiDiiflibp, 'jdliHUjm^ed'bfanbr ^ibelogta'unwedto ?£r»i istretdh^^aorott) fcfWS jiiftbw* toMiB i Pony n in $4uW,-iii~h[ffi]-}} twin Tolminae/rtoftd. «5*iwy ooWderablecbaooe of losing Ws JRftrifjr, *na' making Mquain t4noemtV&eT;»ttom of the riv»r. Tlnroh, it* i^^[ 89*9* it soon pi mQ& roys^* PP aAinr hslf ?SrdoBon of tho afotvaid boon, sDrainlUSQ ashore, all bespattered and nearly choked and blinded by tbe mad **ieh**nb8r«.. moniously clung to roe. Onoe more on torra firma, I rest for a while before ooromeuoing the third ..chapter of ' Ye veritable adven tures of ye travelling Presliligilifto'r?' ' 0HAPTKK 111 Screw your oouraga to the stiddng-nlacs and you'll not 'till. In the water and oat again. Quietly bnt determinedly shouldering .my trunk, 1 made my way, all covered with slime aud mud as i was, and feeling excessively damp and foolish all over, to the uearest tent (for it happened to be fair time, and the place was full of tents, shows, aud roundabouts). Sitting down on one of the mats, I was accosted by some one who, haying witnessed my unfor tuuate mishap, felt iuclinoil to pity me, with the following trite speech : — ' Odds life, youngster, bat you are a plucky one, and no mistake.' My friend was an Englishman, and having acquired some knowledge of the language at ecuool, I full well understood his meaning. . Thanking him for the compli ment, I was about to ask him to j oin me iu par taking of the good cheer so libel ally displayed before my longing eyes (I bad not tasted food since daybreak), when tbe loneliness nf my position struck like a chill in my heart. Alas ! I hud not the wherewithal to pay even for a biscuit. My friends the oard-sbarpers, or rather my enemies — but no matter, as the man says in tbe play — were in possession of all my worldly wealth. I did what, under the circumstances, was about the only sen sible thing 1 could do ; I held my peace, and, like auother man in the play, I said nothing, but thought a.11 the more. I am now, kind reader, about to imitate the example of a certain illustrious chemist, a countryman of mine, of world-renown. I refer to the celebrated Liebig, who gave to the world the valuable secret of how to con dense a great deal of matter into a very small compass. His secret was to supply condensed food for tbe body in tbe shape of Liebig's extract of meat. My business is sondensed food for the mind, if my nn worthy scribbling should ever attain to the dignity of supplying even the thinnest and lightest of food to auy person rash enough to peruse this history. In fact, I am Roiug to skip over a great deal of time, and give you the true mult urn in parvo so much desired by most experienced realtors. In fact, agiin (as all ray statements are facts, I may use the word advisedly), 1 will explain briefly — very briefly— bow I managed to extricate myself out of tbe difficult situation in which 1 was placed, and farther, how 1 managed to return home, and eventually found my way to England. What says Richelieu ? ' In the lexicon of youth there is no such word as fail ;' and should I prove ray self an exception ' to the rule, and, by succumbing to fate, ! show tbat I was unfit to fight the battle of life at the very onset ? No 1 a thousand times no. Plucking up a spirit, therefore, I enquired my way to a livery stablekeeper, and boldly engaged a conveyance to take me to my destination. At every stage, and there were many before we completed our long journey, the driver enquired if the nice young gentleman whom he had the honor of driving, if he, the aforesaid nioe young gentleman, wonld not alight and partake of refreshments, bnt the nice yonng gentleman declined for the best of all reasons, aud com promising with his conscience, told a whits lie. to the effect that he felt anything but hungry. But hanger sharpens the wits, es pecially the wits of a youth scarce more than fifteen years of age. 1 most here inform tbose of my readers who have not travelled on the German Continent that in ' Vater land' there exists a kind of block bread, said to be very wholesome and good, alike for man and beast ; and on this bread horses are fed when required to perform journeys like the one I had undertaken. Carefully noting where the driver kept his «tock of bread, I per formed one of my first sleight-of -baud feats, and performed it soocessfully, too ! Not ouly in the abstracting of a loaf, for whioh, by tbe way, the sharpened yangnofluingeroniycould give me the least reliah, bat iu tbe consuming of it, and that without being seen by anybjdy. Late in the evening we arrived at ? . The driver was paid. 1 rejoicod in ft good supper, and then to .bed. Next morning I found the place insufferably dull ; in the afternoon I had levanted, leaving all my effects behind me, and being actuated only by that blind and headlong love for adventure which is innate with me, mid has led me through many stormy scenes since, I walked on and on till I could walk, no farther. Fatigue, and tbe welcome sight of Bmoke issuing from a -farm-house, deter mined me to come to a halt. For. what enyt, the adage, — ' Where there is smoke then if, fire,' aud where there is fire, raid my pooij philosophy, there is food, - Alas I how often! aye, hounoFtnn, have -, since then, seen fire! nud a good fire too, without the slightest sigi of food ; how often, before my pride was sub .iued. and I had become amanof tbe world, hav I retired 'to mf virtuous couoh breakfastlem tinnerleus, «nd supperless ; how often ha .mngcr gnawed at my vitals till sleep entirel torsuok my pillow j but I am disgitssing, am ig«in I hear my reader say, —.'Serve yo right.' And so it did. For does not the ol adage say,—' He who will not hear mutt feel A very sensible saying, originating, no douh vith some sleek, oily, well-to-do philosophe who, always right, because nevar.tempted lo wrong ; always above . the - -wonts of th uundane sphere, because never in want ;hfif which -atom* makei this said mundai ?phere a place worth living in, has no patien vith a poor devil endowed with a high spin i truly Quixotio love ior. adventure, and i icconnt at any bank except that on which t -ill thyme grows, and- whose drifts will n x'honortdby Jewbr'Gentile, '-' But l«t us return to our mutton, asol Wends .the French 'art w fond of sayiri Sny, let iismftrt afcoiabbtaught on the mv , ton or ' b4ef , ' or /anything '. else obtainable youdar fftrm-hbuBe, 1 'enter, mnd introdt ' injnwf '.fajml *Wr-. T am' ott my way ho i)Ut IO'dUSji1 ' ' 1 'ftlD JnUfttwl ftO VttbBLA&d; SllO I jHfiut; toutwel u t^WB %BKilodeofn re^intei^tt|lft*iSw»'l*-6Wik young It ~ t^ trA-riLii ^TtfesVsHrft'ff w^^.Mt1 tmtftJtXAn ? ? ? -m .- 1 totwa ttTBflup xniwlgll Tpo KUiunteS ol - nG*vly*iUKniir&4, fnoJitlftf 'ostn* more in K JnAti«f8 ciw*' TJ-'wlt sraXunu ?uidjutppy* Ii ^- 'nbu wv$niwftvl0n4u6 wttooih Of my uim r; * 'My vtuLwftt ivtuIWj^ffsfe *BJMuttilifei|'.I B&Y6; % M-«'-smny,rhem|fi««^j!rts-lto Gem 'i4*'Wu^»1ii«t*»nttal5t|E|bol.andb : meutth«^m#W«iml^iisea--oBii tlon.''-.-ilt-^MS ^^Mohbsoonsent htliuiiis liMimiiiN ij.*iii4fn-ii'i'i Jl: . 