ITALY. THE VATICAN. ADDRESS OP THE CARDINALS AND EEPLT OF BIS HOLINESS. The correspondent of the Tablet .writes from Rome, March 9, 1878:-— On the day of the Coronation, when Leo XIII. had returned to the Aula dei JParamenti and laid aside his Pontifical vestments, all tho Cardinals stood before him, and Cardinal di Pietro, the Sub dean, read, in the name of the Sacred College, the following address :—? ' When the inspiration of God caused our votes to fail on tho person or your ., Holiness electing you to the high dignity of Supreme Pontiff' of the Catholic Church, we paused from a state of profound affliction to one of lively hope. To the tears which we shed over the tomb of Pius IX., a Pontiff so venevateel throughout the entire world and so boiovod' by us, succeeded tho consoling thought lhafc j a new dav/n was arising full of well-ibundtid hopes foe the Church of Jesus Christ. ' Holy Father, you had already, when you governed the diocese committed to you by Divine Providence, and when you took pard in the grave affairs of the Holy See, given ?'? abundant proofs of your piety, apostolic zeal, profound knowledge and prudence, and of l the lively interest whiehiyoirtook^ur advanc- ing the glory and honour of our sacred ' Cardinalitial College. And wo wero easily convinced that when eloo^ea.; Pontiff yon would act, as the Apostle wrote concerning ' himself to the Thpssaloniaus, For our,' Gospel hath not been to you in word only but in poweiyilso, and in the Holy Ghost,' and in much fulnesa. Nor was 1 lip Divine Will slow to manifest itself, that Will, which by our means repeated to you the words formerly. ; addressed (o David when ho wau declared King iu Israel : Thou shalfc feed my people Israel | and thou shali; bo ruler over them. 'It is gratifying to observe how quicUly the general sentiment cor;:ospondcd;,to the Divine will, and how anxious all are to^'offer homage to your^sacred person, in tho same ' ?' way as all the tribes of Israel prostrated themselves in Hebron before iho new pastor : presented to them by God. And so also we, in this solemn day of your Coronation,; like the elders of thiSj/choiicn .-'people, l-;a«ten to repeat to you, in token of a/lection and obedience, the words recorded in'jthfi^sacred page:— Behold wo are thy bo.io and thy ; flesh. 'As tho Sacred Book of Kings add;! that David reigned forty years, so may heaven grant that t lie hiutory of the Church may record ths length of the Pontificate of Leo xin, ' These are the sincere sentiments and wishes' which ia the name of the Sacred College I now lay betore your feet. Deign to accept-, tbeso sentiments by imparting to us the Apostolic Bt- nediction.' The reply of Leo XIII was as follows : — 'The noble a:;d affecting words which your most Reverend Eminence has in this moment; addressed to me in the name of the entire Sacrod College, have profoundly touched our heart, which was already deeply moved by the unexpected occurrence of our exhaltation to the supreme Pontificate, an ,', event undeserved by any merit of our own, 'The burden of the keys now imposed on our shoulders is formidable in itself, but is rendered much, more so by our littlonesa which is overwhelmed beneath the weight. 'The very ceremony which has just been completed with such solemuity, Luis caused U3 more fully to comprehend tho attitude and majesty of the seat to which we havo been raised, and has increased in our mind our idea of tho grandeur of thin sublime . ? throne upon earth. ?'/? ' And since you, my Lard Cardinal, have ;. been pleaoed to name David, the words of the samo holy king have spontaneously occurred to U3, namely, his exclamation : Who am I, O Lord God, and what ia my house that thou hast brought me thus far ? ' Yet amidst so many just reasons for dis-- couragement and. for comfort, ifc consoles us to seo Catholics with unanimity and concord ? assembling round this Apostolic See, and giving to it public obedience end love. We arc consoled by the harmony and affection of all the members of the Saered CnlWn who arc most dear to us, and by the certainty of their valid co-operation in the accomplish ment of the difficult ministry to which by their votes they have called us. ' Above all, we are comforted by con fidence in the moat merciful God, who baa willed our exaltation to such dignity, aud whoso aid we shall never cease to implore with all the ferrour of our hoarfc, desiring also that His aid should be implored by every one, for wo remember what was said by the Apostle: Oursiuliiciency is from God. 'Being pcrauadsd, moreover, that it is He who hath chosen the foolish thing of tho world that He may confound tho wise, we live m secure beiioi:' that He will sustain our weakness and exalt our humility in order to show His power and make hia strength manifest. 'We thank your Eminence with all our heart for the kind sentiments and tho sincere wishes whicm you, in the nauio of the Sacred College, have just expressed, arid which we cordially accept, ' In conclusion we impavt to you with all heartiness the Apostolic Benediction. ' Bonedictio Dei, &c.;' CARDINAL MANNING, Hia Eminence Cardinal. Manning has con- ' sented to preach tho annual sermon on St. Patrick's Day at tho Church of S. Isidore,, in. Home, the church of the I fish Francis cans. AUDIENCES. On Tuesday, March 5, his Holiness '''? received in special au'dienco tho parish priests ? of Home and tho Lent preachers, in ihe Throno room. Subsequently, in Ms own' apartments, tho Holy Father received a de putation from the workmen's societies of Paris,' which was introduced bv Cardinal Chigi. Count Albert de Mun, the President ot' those_ societies, headed tho deputation. A ' deputation from Naples was also received. Oa Thursday, tho 7fch of March, a private audience was granted to his Excellency the Marquis do Villul'uerte, Minister Pl-juipoteu* tiary of Peru in Paris, and scut to Rome on an extraordinary mission to present to tho Pope tho felicitations of hia Government on the accession of his Holiness to the Pontifical t mg^mMtaonMH nrti iii ?nrrrfiifi' tfr^nivTtti'MBf;hit^ii- iiTl«iBiliMii(hT(h%ffi^''^=iMa^'rWtrr^''ilfHr^L throne. Skmoi' Melendez, the Charge 'd'AffuirGr. of IV ru at tbo Holy See, accompanied i;he Marquia Villafuorte, and both Gi these psrsonagea paid visit,' of ceremony to his Eminence Cardinal Franchi, the Secretary of State. CARDINAL CtJIiIiEN. His Eminence Cardinal Cullen, ac companied by hia Chaplain, fcbo Very Bev. Dr. Haher, arrived in .Rome on Saturday, tho 9th of March, from Civita Vccchia, and proceeded to tho Irish College. His Eminence, who appeared in good health, was met afe fciie railway station by Bishop O'Mahoney, Monsignoi* ICirby, Yc;.'y Rev. J. Egan, Vice-Rector of the Irish College, the Very Rev- Father Donnelly, of Dublin, and tho Rev. Father Healy. THE SWISS GUARDS. Some of tho ooldierg of the Srciaa Guard, at the Vatican, demanded in an insubordinate manner an increase of pay, and a donation or largess for extra service during the Conclave. Some of the Sr/isa were put under arrest by Commandant do Sonncuberg, but were released by their comrades. The affair resulted in the dismissal of several of the discontented Swiss. EHGLISII SERMONS TN ROME. Tbo Rev. Dr. O'Bryen io appointed to preach the Lent Sermons in the Church of S. Andrea delle Fratte. THE WILL OF PIUS IX. In one of the drawers of his e sore toiv were found eleven sheets of paper, on which was written by his own hand the last will and testament of Pius IX. On the first of these was a most tender invocation of the Holy Trinity, tho Blessed Virgin and his patron Saints, imploring their guardianship in his last hours, The following is the disposition of his final placo of sepulture :—' My body when dead shall bo buried in the church of San Lorenzo Fuora le Mura, ancLJprecisely under the little arch which is over against ' the graticola or stone on which are still to be seen the stains produced by tho martyrdom of tb.9 illustrious Levito. Tho expense of this monument must not exceed four hun dred scudi.' (200 lire, or £80 English.) ' On the outside or the monument is to be engraved tho tiara and keys ; and also an epitaph in tho following terms :— Ossa et cineres Pii P.- IX., sum. Pont. Visit an. . . in Pontifieatu an. . . . .Orate pro eo. The armorial ensign io to be a skull. ' .The property acquired and augmented at Sinigaglia for [pious purposes, at the cost of Piua IX. aro favoured with his especial care, end ho prays God to pre serve and protect them for tho holy use to which they are destined. Pius IX leaven hia library to the Romano- Fio Seminary, and he bequeaths a cmaller library, consis ting chiefly of ascetic books, to the Passionist convent, built by the Pontiff himself, near the Scala Santa, He leaves legacies to the faithful servants who have been long in his service, and leaves totcna of regard to some of the prelates and officials of the household. The two Lipsanoteche of tho Vieariata and of Monaignor tho Sacristan are to have the sacred relies which appertain to them. Nor did the Holy Father forget the various basilicas and omirches with which he had been connected eUher as priest, bishop, or Pontiff. He gave especial memorials to the Vatican and Lafceran Basilicas, to tbo Collet, giate Church of Sta._; Maria in Via Lata, the Cathedrals of Sinigaglia, Imola, and Gaeta, and lastly to the Cathedral of St. James in Chili. Special legacies are left to Cardinals Simeoni, Martel, and ?Monaco la Valletta. His private property is left to his grand-nephews and neices. On the ninth, tenth, and eleventh folios are the following bequests : Tho Vatican, 2nd October, 1878 — To his Royal Highness the Countde Chambord, the Madonna Bel destine ia mosaics. To her Royal Highness the Duchess (widow) of IVIodena, a Madonna in mosaics. To Queen Isabella of Spain, the Crucifix of Lucca. In token of fatherly bene^ volence I leave to his Majesty the King of Naples a silver group representing the Holy family. To hio Imperial and Royal HighnesQ the Grand Duke of Tuscany, copy of Raphael, with silver frame. To his Royal Highness the Duke of Parma, a large minifiture, sinito parvulos. To his Royal High ness Don Alfonso of Bourbon, for merly a Pontifical Zouave, a mother of*-pearl representation of the resurrection. October 13th, 1877.— To her Highness the Princess of Thurn and Taxis, the silver cross adorned with diamonds, with two angels having In their hands two symbols of the Passion, and with the relics of the Holy Cross. In accordance with one of the provisions of the will, the sum of 100,000 lire was distributed to tho poor of Rome and to charitable institutions. The money for the poor was distributed by means of the parish priests, by order of tho Cardinal Vioar,— Tablet. DEATH OP FATHER SECCHI, S. J. Father Angolo Secchi, S.J., the famous astronomer, who had been ill for gome timo, died in Rome on Tuesday, 26th February. Father Secchi was born at Reggio-iGmilia, ia 1818. While very young he entered the Jesuit order and went to America, where ho studied in a college at Washington. On his return he was made Professor in the Collegio Romano. In 1848 he left Rome, visited France, England, and America, only return ing after the Pope's restoration.' After the occupation of the Eternal City by tho Italian troops, tho other Jesuit Fathers in the establishment were driven out, but Father Secchi, on account of his eminent ability and great learning in science was permitted to remain at his post. He made many important astronomical disco veries and way tho author of a number of scientific works. Father Secchi was a hard worker in the newest fields of astronomical research—the analysis, by mctws of the spectrum, of the light of the stars. Almost at the very hour when he was attacked by his last illness, a new book respecting the stars appeared from his pen ; it was intended for popular reading, but embodied many of his most recent discoveries. His name will always rank high among the pioneers in spectrum research, and he was especially successful in classifying stars by their light go as to determine which are probably young and which are beginning to bo burned out. At the funeral of Father Seechi there was an immense assemblage in the Church of St. Ignatius, and his Holiness Pope Leo XIII., to testify his esteem and appreciation of the distinguished Father's merits and virtues, sent his brother, the Rev. Joseph Pecci, one of the Professors in the Roman University, to represent him at the function. THE VOTING AT THE CONCLAVE. Tho Gevmania, the principal Catholic oro gan in Germany, published in ifcs number for j last Saturday the following report of the vo ting at the several ' scrutinies' during the late Conclave. It guarantees the accuracy and authenticity of the report, which has all appearance of being a transcript of an official document :— Tuesday morning : First sitting, commencement at 9 a.m., close 2 p.m. Scrutiny : Cardinal Pecci, 18 votes ; Cardi nal Bilio, G votes ; Cardinal Franchi, 5 votes. Cardinal Panebianco, 2 votes. The other' votes were scattered. This scrutiny was annulled because one of tho cardinala had, through _ inadvertence, sealed his voting paper with a seal bearing his oxjn arms. Tuesday afternooE,— Second sitting : com mencement, half-past 3 p.m., close} 7 p.m. : Yote3 at the Votes received first Ballot or subsequently in Total Sorutimium. the Accessus. Cardinal Pecci ... 26 — 8 — 34 Cardinal Bilio ... 7 — 2 — 9 Cardinal Monaco la Valetta 4 — 1 — 5 Cardinal Pane bianco ... 4—2 — 6 Cardinal Franchi ... 3 — — — — Cardinal de Luca 3 ? — — ? ? Cardinal Martinelli 2 — ? — — ? Cardinal Simeoni 2 — 3 — 5 Cardinal di Cam- ' :' ' ? qssa 1 — — _ ? Cardinal Caterini 1 — - — . — ? Cardinal Guidi 1 — — , — ? Cardinal Ferrierl 1 — — — — Cardinal Ledochowski 1 — _ ' __ — Cardinal Manning 1 — — — — Cardinal Mertel I — — — _ Cardinal Moretti 1 — — — _ Cardinal Parocchi 1 — — _ _ Total 60 16 ~— Forty-four nemini accessorunt (did not change their original vote). Of the sixty cardinals who voted at this sitting, fifty^nine gave their votes in tho Sistine Chapel. One, Cardinal Amra, was sick, and gave his vote into the hands of the CardinaWnfirmarians. The Infirmsrians on the occasion of this sitting were the Cardinala Saeconi, Michalowiez, and Serahm. ? The scrutineers at this sitting were the Cardinals Berardi, Simeoni, and Consolini. When at the end of this sitting the Cardinals left the Sistine Chapel, they proceeded to the great entrance door of the conclave in order to receive the Cardinal Patriarch of Lisbon, who took part in the voting nest morning. Wednesday morning. —Tho Cardinals entered the Sistine Chapel at 9-30 a.m. After a low mass, discussion of the question whether, after the completion of the election, it should be ' proclaimed' or publicly anuounced. Scrutiny : Cardinal Pecci, 44 vote3 ; Bilio, 5 ; Monaco, 2 : Pane bianco, 2; Simeoni, 2; DiCamossa, I; Ferrieri, 1; Martinelli, 1 ; Morotti, 1 ; and Schwartzes berg, 1. There was one vote further, of which the reporter does not know to whom it was given. Pecci elected. The Accessus not necessary. Only three cardinals did not take part in the election, namely, Cullen, M'Closkey, and Brossias Saint-Marc. For this last sitting the Infirmarians were Cardi nala Garcia Gil, Mertel, and Oreglia. The scrutineers were Cardinals Gegnier, Michal owicz, and Franzelin. The Recognitores (who re-examined tho voting papers to invest tigate whether there was any irregularity) were Cardinals Cavorot, Dechamps, and Bonaparte. 