GREAT CLOCK AT WESTil IKSTEit. Sequel to the Rev. C. Clark's lecture on Westminster Abbey/ ! the following description of the great clock in connection with the Houses of Parliament will be read with interest, tjje belfry of which is only to be reached by arduous ascent of 42Q steps, each seven inches deep :— The first resting place is very near the top. It is a small.^o®, or rather passage leading off to tbe rjght from tbe staircase! It is lighted by an enormous circulai window, 23 feet in diameter, which occupi^ tbe whole of one side of the chamber. The oilier side is carefully white washed, and mpst be rarber a dazxling hall, when all the gaslights, wbicn stand our from jt like hooks jn a butcher's shop, are burning "Looking at this curious window on which the sun is shining, the visitor will observe a shadow passing over itar-a sceady, ghost-like pace, moving half an inch at a stride, then stopping |or a second or two, and going on as before. Then it will dawn upon him that the window is gorbihg more por lesB than on§ of the fapes of the great clock, and that the steady moving shadow is ca$t bv the longhand—nhaiid, indeed, eleven feet long. There are 18 gas gets standing: out from the wall. There use.d to be 40., bat improved burners have; made it possible to reduce the number bj more than one half. Under the old system the jets came out frocn a pipe which rons close ro tbe wall. But is was found that this proximity, while it redqeed the amount of light thrown upon | tbg tace ot toe clock, turtner complicate^ ! flf ajat&efa; ing ;. by reflective fi smoking .: _ tbe wall, and so reduc A properties. * .: TM Tbe * . at. they now ate made stand out from tbe wall and are movable like an ordinary j»as bracket. The fixing of them in their proper position' is a matter of mach nicely, as a variation ot the smallest fraction of an inch tells upon the light as seen from the outside. Tbe dial is the largest in the world. There are on the Continent some dials which are greater in circumference, bnt these, unlike the clocls at Westminster, which it part and parcel of the building, are fastened on from the outside. The face of the dial is composed of a laker of opaque glass lying between two sheets of plain glass, the whole, soldered in the manufacture. Some of tbe. panes are cracked, though not through tli^ agency of stone throwing, the dial being, of course, above that sort ot thing. It sometimes happens that a bird, losing i(e, way or blown by the wind, dashes asaiust^the snail panes into which the dial ie subdivided, and streaks them with crack's. The four narrow passages which are lighted, by day through the dial and by night by tne. gas jets, include within them a square stone-room, in which are tbe. clock works. These, to the unprofessional eye, resemble" chiefly a Bteam engiae, ao impression deepened, by the prevailing smell uf oil, The penduinm has a room all to itself underneath, in which it swings monotonously day. ami night. In shape the pendulum is sometiling like the conical shot of a stupendous gun. The ^ehaft is made of two metali, one of which contracts in heat and tiie. other iu cold. The. resnlt of this happy combination is that the pendulum always, maintains 'liesattie length. ' It it were made all qi one metal, people accustomed to set their, watch by Westminister clock would, find that thsy were, by comparison,slow in winter and fast in summer. The works,proceed <yitb a slow and ponderous click liil such time as one of the.four quarters uf tbe. hour is reached. Then there is a spuud. like a pistol shot; this comes Irom one of the varies near the ceiling of the room, and is a hint to tbe initiated that the cluck is going to strike. Nolhinsr particular happens, lor a minute after the pistol shot. Tlteu suddenly the. steam engine appears to >ro. tnad ; wheejs wildly revolve, chains move distractedly up and down, the vnnes rusk, riiund, the wh^le machinery heaves, and, there is a general appearance of an explosion being hear at hand. Close oyer bead, sounds the clung ot the chimes, which are. not nearly so musical in the clock room as. they tire when heard trom Westminster BrMire.. As they cease the machinery bas a greaf struggle with the vanes which having started to go, round are not easily to be stopped. A fierce contest, prolonged for some seconds ensues, in tbe course at which tbe vanes let off quite a volly of pistol'shpts. fiut they ara finally subdued,and tjiere. is heard yj the room ouly the click of the pendulum. "The clock is wound up by nothing less than a winch handle, which it takes two men to. turn. Twice a week these, men spend two bot^rs in the room, solemnly wiuding uj) the clock, the winch going the, whole time, except Vb'en the pisto! shot gives notice that ihe chicjes are about to, sound. Alfred de la Perelli, who was formerly, gegj-etary to the Richmond lodge, No. SQ Qt the independent Order of Oddfellows, was charged at the Melbourne Sessions on Tuesd»3' with embezzling money received by him as contributfons from members ol the lodge. The case was partly gone into, bnt in consequence oi the treasurer not being able to swear positively whether or not tlip indendentical Bums ot money the prisoner was charged with embezzling had been paid to him, it broke down, and tbe prisoner was therefore discharged. Mr. Purges appeared for the defence. The defendant it 'ffill b 9 Recollected was apprehended on Maldon Tira SEVEREST PTOIEHMEHT. ought to BE visited upon'rogues who make or import counterfeits ana imitations of popular medicinal' beverages, or liable an article of genuine merit while vaunting the merits ot their own fieiy, un medicated drams. This has besa and is still done in regard to an article of sterling merit, vis., UDOLPHO WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM ABOMAOC. SCHSAPBS." *It is well to' put iEe public on its, guard. 4 ' Holloway's Pills and Ointment.—Influent Coughs, and Colds.—In diseases of the throat and cheat, so prevalent in our changeable climate, nothing so speedily' Relieves, or eo certainly cures, 85 these inestimable remedies. These disorders are too often neglected' at their commencement, or sr® injudiciously treated, " resulting in either esse in disastrous consequences. Whatever the <»ndition st u the patient^ Holibwoy's remedies will restore, recovery be possible ; they will retard the alarming symptoms till the blood is purified and natan consummates the cure, gradually restoring strength and vital nervous power.'' By preserving in the us» of Holloway's preparations," tone is conferred on the stomach and frame penrally. Th ousands of persons have testified that by tlie nse ol these remedies aio" e t-'iev lirtTC- been ivstoied to health after evcty othw , uifisuiB luul t»aed. 