POLITICAL G OSS IF. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OCCASIONAL CtfRKKSPOKDKNT.) Melbourne, Wedne.-tUy Eremng. | Mr. Berry sent for Mr. David liauuson on Monday, ami earnestly pointed out to him the scandals caused in tho Liberal party by Mr. William Gaunson opposing Professor Psaraon for Oastlcmaine. He also s.-ud that the Ministry would give Mr. William Gaunson their entire support if he stood for Gippslaud. Mr. David Gaunson replieJ, and stated that lie would have to consult his brother's committee. Tho com mittee assembled on Tuesday oreuiug boforo tho public meeting at CastUmaiue, and in tho meanwhile Mr. Berry had forwarded through a member of Parliament who attendod that meeting, a definite offer of the Government support to Mr. Wtu, Gaunsou's candidature for Gippsland. Tho member of Parliament referred to was oither Mr. Cooper, Mr. Graves, or Mr. Richardson. The proposal was laid, before Mr. W. Gaunsen'e committee, the majority of which expressed an opinion that they wero going into a hopeless tight, as Mr. Chapman was sure to be returned, having the solid adherence of tho Conssrvatives as well as bis numerous personal frieuds aud a number of Liberals who arc disgusted with tho manner in w hich the con stituency is befooled. Tho decision upon with drawal rested entirely with Mr. William Gaun son, and ho flatly declined, and stated that he ■would sot liavo tho ghost of a show in Gipps land, whore he was wholly unknown. Mr. Chapman's election is regarded on all hands as certain, both in Castlemaiue ami -Mel bourne. Professor Pearson is raported to bo dis satisfied with Messrs. Pattersou and Farroll, be oauso they have not canvassed, but merely gaVa - him the benefit of a couplc of speeches, and, altogether, tho Professor is iu a falso position, and would far rather be cut of tho whole business. Tlic Government would like to withdraw him and put him up for Gipjisland at once, since Mr. \Y. Gauuton is so obstinate, yet, Professor Pearson, if he stood aloae, conld beat Mr. Chapman, almost without a doubt, and Mr. W. Gaunson's perseverance only shows the determination of a sec tion of Mr. Berry's lato followers to ham per and embarrass him, while they pro fusely express their adherence to him. It is possible Mr. Berry thinks Mr. Chapman will be less obnoxious than Mr. Gaunson, who 13 con sidered a mere instrument in tho hands of a treacherous section of the Liberal party. This section has broken altogether with tho Reform League, and abases it high and low; but on ti)9 other hand the League is quite elevated into a parliament by tho statements circulated that it has made Mr. Berry come down on his knees and swallow the plebiscitum, which lie before declared impossible. It is privately statad that tho Government have not the slightest intention of appointing Professor Pearson as Minister of Education, becauso there wonld be too much dissatisfaction raised through out tho country by having two Ministers for one constituency, and Mr. Patterson will tierer re tire if ho can help it. Tho fact needs to be pointed put that tho constituency of Castle maine is misled by the assertions that are being circulated that Professor Pearson is to bn tho Minister of Education, with, of course, all the advantages to Castlemaine of being represented by two Ministers, and tho supposed benefit to its school buildings, etc. 