THE AFGHAN DIFFICULTY. (From the Times correspondent at Calcutta.) j Calotitta, September 22, 10.22 p.m. Uob. relations wicn me ameor nave assumed a very critical character. The Cabul ruler has at last thrown off every semblance even cif out ward friendlineaa and courtesy, and has chosen to adopt in preference, an attitude of marked and open hostility. Your special correspondent with the Mission telegraphs that it left Peshawur yesterday and proceeded as far aa Jumrood, a place on tho actual frontier, though within British territory. Thence it was re called by a telegram from the Viceroy, and accordingly it marched baok to Peshawur. This morning private advices from Simla, upon which absolute reliance can be placed, state that on the Mission being ordered t} march to Jum rood, Major Cavagnari rode forward to Ali Mus jid, escorted by Khyberries, in order to ask for a safe passage. The Ameer's officer, how ever, at Ali Musjid, positively refused to per mit the Mission to advance. Ho threatened resistance, and crowned thesurrounding heights commanding the route with armed men in order to dispute tho passage. The interview between tho Chief and Major Cavagnari lasted three hours, and, though the former was warned over and over again that the Ameer would be deemed responsible for his conduct, he expressed an unflinching determination to resist the passage of the Mission by force. Not tho faintest shadow of a doubt is enter tained that this officer wbb acting under full instructions from the Ameer, inasmuch na Mufti Shah and Akhor, two responsible officers of tho Ameer, have been deapatched from Cabul to Ali Musjid within the last few days. Both of theso officers have been mentioned in Cabul nowa-lettera as favourably disposed towaruB nnd engaged in direct communi cation with the Russian embassy. Two im portant facts require to be noted— ^tho first that thia insolent rebuff occurred in presence of the two Indian Prinoea attached to tho mission, who wore personal witnessea of tho interview between' Major Cavagnari and the Ameer'a officer; the second is that tho Russian Envoy is still residing at Cabul. The mission will be now withdrawn. '?? In view of the long con tinued ungracious and hostile conduct of the existing ruler of Afghanistan, aggravated us it is by the present contemptuous slight offered to our national dignity, all possibility of re newing friendly relations with this uncompro mising and morose barbarian is utterly hopeless; and even if tho prospocts were still hopeful, their realisation conld only be accomplished nt the complete sacrifice of proper telf -respect, and at the grave risk of very considerable loss of prestige in tho eyes of our Indian subjeicta and of our feudatory Princes. In conHequoncn, therefore, of tho present conduct of Russia, and tho future polioy for ua which thia conduct sow decisively indicates, and' against which, fortunately for India, the Government and the English popple are most f ully'and completely warned, this important question of frontier polioy- will ..henceforward cease to bo treated from a merely.- Indian standpoint. It at. once travels out of the domain of provincial into that of Imperial considerations, and those of tho very highest, magnitude. No ono is more koeuly alive than the Viceroy to this new de velopment of the question, and he clearly discerns that it ia only by the united efforts and onergetio co-operation of the English UI1U J.11U1UI1 X UlOlfjU \SJlli;CO lUUb bUIC uu».£i..— ously complex state of matters can be finally brought to a' ..satisfactory conolusion. The Indian Government are backed by ample mili tary resources to enable them promptly* and severely to punish the Ameer for his insulting attitude of disrespect, but the significant fact ia fully recognised that the Ameer is but the puppet, while Russia stands behind as the deus ex machinH. The measures, therefore, to be adopted in view of the Ameor'a conduct cease to bo a question of Indian policy, but are at once resolved into a vory serious problem of English foreign politics, which can only be dealt with in strict accordance with tho settled principlea of tho English Cabinet. Meanwhile, the immediate object of the Viceroy iB to en deavour to make it clearly understood that we have no cause of quarrel with the Afghan peopk, and to endeavour to win over and secure all the border tribes. The Ithyberries have on tho prosent oooasibn behaved ,; well, and havo shown every disposition to remain friendly. ? ' '. Tub Anoumsitov or Yo»k and tub Ritual ists.— Tho truth is, that what tho Archbishop of York himinview is the ' conversion of tho Kitualista. He aims at proving to them not that' thoir objeots are unattainable, but that they are not rworthy of being pursued. Of; course, if he can succeed in thia object,, that ia another question. If the Churoh of Eng land .could beppmo exclusively Hitualiat or exclusively Evangelical, she would doubt less gain , immense foroo as an instru ment of 'religious aggression. But tho Archbishop of. York does not proposo to make it exclusively Ritualistic or exclusively Evan golioal.' What' no iB anxious to seo it becomo is a kind of level plain, in which overy valley shall have been1 exalted and every mountain brought low;. ; AU that eaoh party really cares for would be forbidden, aa likely to offend the othor. No expression of belief would be allowed, if the language' used wero less than three cen turies old, or could not bo found in tho writ ings of a bishop, or at tho least of some eminent divme, whose works naa roceivea tno im primatur of the Sooioty for Promoting Christian Knowledge. The sufficiency and impromaoyof Holy 8cripturo, 'tho authority of the Catholic oreedsandof tho'AnglioMi formularies, would bo proclaimed by overy tongue ; but it would be forbiddou to explain any passago in any ono of them lest the ghosts of dissensions supposed to be laid to rest cshould be disturbed, and tho terrible faot , once more come to light that the Bible and the Creeds are in roligion whatthe constitution is in politics — a toxt on whioh to found dobatea/ |Thisi8 not a kind of compre hensibn which.^can aervo any useful purpose. Indeed, tho impossibility of arriving at it is so obviouB, that wo aro teraptod to think that the only purposo whioh the inventor expected it to servo was that of furnishing forth the oharitablo platitudes whioh are supposed to form the stock in trade of the President of a Church Congress. — Spectator. 