GENERAL NEWS. Arrangements liave been made to renew the Border duties convention with New South "Wales, which expires on the 16th December of this year, for another twelve months, upon the terms of the present agreement, £35,000. We understand that Mr. Josiah Boofchby, Under Secretary, who has so efficiently dis charged the duties of South Australian Com missioner at the Paris Exhibition, has obtained from the Government six months' extension of his leave of absence. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Satur day and the same hour on Monday, is regis tered as follows:— Alice Springs... 0*780 Barrow Creek 0*100 Charlotte Waters 0*445 Millicent ... 0040 Peake 0380 Strangways Spgs 0*020 We have received the following notice from the Superintendent of Telegraphs :—Ba tavia advises that cable steamer Edinburgh is now repairing cable. One fault has been re moved, and it is expected to complete the re storation in a day or two. The Rev. J. C. McMichael formerly of Gawler, and who lately returned from a visit to England, has accepted a unanimous invitation to undertake the pastorate of "the Congrega tional Church at Macclesfield. Mr. McMichael proceeds to his new sphere of labor on Wednes day next. The Postmaster-General has received a telegram from Calcutta, dated August 28, which says—" The Assam left at 8 p.m. on the 22nd, and the Tanjore arrived at 10 this morning." The Resident Secretary of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society received a tele gram on Monday morning, from the Head Office, Melbourne, informing him that the busi ness for the quarter ending 31st August had exceeded previous results. Seven hundred and fifty-five policies had been issued, assuring £210,000; additional premium income, £7,585. The annual income from premiums alone now exceeds £57,800. On Sunday evening, September 1, be tween half-past 7 and 8 o'clock an attempt was made to enter the premises of Mr. J. Fitch, butcher, Gilbert-street. Three boys noticed a man trying to open Mr. Fitch's private door by fitting several keys in the lock. The boys knocked at the shop door and informed Mr. Fitch of the circumstance. Mr. Fitch saw the man at the door with a bunch of key, and at once gave chase, but unfortunately the fellow was a rapid runner, and soon showed a clean pair of heels. Mr. W. Jone , butcher, who resides in Sturt- street, found his shop door open on Monday morning. He is sure he locked it. As nothing of value was kept in the shop, and the would-be thieves were apparently not hungry, nothing was missed. The tender of Mr. John Robb has been accepted for the erection of the fort to the south of the Semaphore for the sum of £15,893. Messrs. Harrold Bros, inform us that they have received intelligence of the John Rennie having arrived home safely oh August 26. An extra telegraph wire has lately been erected connecting Mount Gambier with Mel bourne via Penola. It will prove a great conve nience when the coast line is interrupted. Five miles of rails have been laid on the line from Millicent towards Rivoli Bay, and it is expected that for the whole of this distance the railway will be ready for use in January next We have received from our correspondent in the Northern Territory some of the red paper bark with which the natives paint themselves. The curious in such matters' may see the bark at this office. In our notice on Saturday respecting the new building to be erected for an Academy of Music in Rundle-street we should have said that the height of the large hall was to be 30 feet instead of 16 feet. The crops at Barunga and on the Con dewie Plains are not .in such a forward condition as they were this time last year. This is looked upon by the farmers as favorable, they thinking that there will not be the same likelihood of red rust making its appearance. The Jury at the adjourned inquest held on Saturday, on the fire at Eudunda, by which the premises of Mr. W. Brix were destroyed, re turned a verdict to the effect that the circum stances were suspicious, but that there was not sufficient evidence to criminate any one. The railway between Kadina and Wal laroo is being vigorously proceeded with. The earthworks will be finished in about another *. week, and as the ballast is stacked along the: line it can be laid without much delay. The Wallaroo Times is informed that a locomotive will run from Port Wakefield to Kadina during the prosent week. The foundation-stone of an addition to the St. Francis Xavier's Hall, Wakefield-street, was laid by the Right Rev. Dr. Reynoldsj \- Bishop of Adelaide, on Sunday afternoon, Sep tember 1. The new building is to comprise a library, reading-room, meeting- room, and museum, besides a dwelling-house. The cere mony. was witnessed by a large concourse of spectators. An adjourned meeting of the share holders in the Port Adelaide Newspaper and Printing Company was held at Messrs. G. R. Selth & Co.'s offices, Maclaren Wharf, on Friday afternoon, August 30. Mr. D. Bower, M.P, presided. Mr. T. Hack proposed, and Mr, R. Honey seconded, that the resolution passed at a previous meeting to wind up J the Company be confirmed, and that, the Directors act as liquida tors. The resolution was carried unanimously. It is believed that the publication of the paper will be continued, the Directors having received an offer to purchase the business. Telegraphic communication with Singa pore is interrupted. 'A ship left Singapore on, Friday to repair damages, but at present com munication is totally stopped......... By the s.s. Otway, which arrived from Western Australia on Sunday, we have received " the Fremantle Herald up to August 24. Our contemporary says:—"Letters from the country report continued heavy rains; the rivers are rising rapidly, and unless there is a cessation of rain for a short time it is feared there will be heavy floods and much damage. At a public meeting of the inhabitants of Rosewater,held at the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel on Friday evening, August 30, the Chairman of the district, Mr. H. C. E. Muecke, in the chair,"the following resolution was carried:—.. " That the members for the district be requested., to endeavor to obtain a special vote for filling up the ditches on both sides of the Grind Junction-* road from the Port-road, to Cheltenham-road; for making the Grand Junction-road wider, forming a footpath on one side, and reducing that portion of the road where the plank road' was to the level of the Port-road." A death from the'bite of a spider is reported in the South-Eastern Star of August 30. That paper says :—"On Tuesday evening Mr. Jas. Lynch's infant, only three months old, died;, from the effects of a spider bite. The child was bitten on the foot about four days before its death occurred. Yery soon after being bitten the member began to swell from -the effect of the poison, the swelling extending itself up the leg and to the child's throat, which was very much affected. The virus at length inducad erysipelas." . / : Tea aud public.meetings will be held at ! the Christian Chapel, Grote- street, this evening. An inquest was held at the Yatala Labor Prison on Saturday afternoon, August 31, by the City Coroner, :on the body of Samuel ' Wilfred decker, who died on Friday morning, August- 30. Mr. J. Cowling was; Foreman of the Jury. E. B. Scott, Manager, of the Prison, deposed to admitting the deceased on November 23, 1877. Dr. E. W. .Way, Medical Officer, said that on August 27 he visited the Stockade in answer to a. telegram from- the Superin tendent, stating that the deceased had broken a blood vessel. He found on his arrival that the patient had lost a considerable quantity of blood. He prescribed for him, and saw him every day till his death. Deceased was formerly practising as a medical, man at Port Pine. When he first went to the prison it was dis covered that he" had diseased lungs, and was in consequence placed on light work as hospital orderly. Deceased had received every medical comfort. . The cause of death was hcemorrhage of the lungs resulting from consumption. A verdict was returned iu accordance, with the medical evidence. Acorrespondent writing to the Border Watek from the Punt, Glenelg Biver, under date August 26, says:—"On Thursday last con siderable and painful anxiety was caused when it became known that our much respected neighbor, Mrs. McLean, was lost in the* bush. She left her home about 5 o'clock in the evening to bring her cows. But one of these had, what is termed, planted her calf, and to find the plant the poor woman started on a tour of discovery, but only to discover herself lost in the bush. Of course we all turned out, and explored every where we thought she was likely to be found; and after a diligent search our efforts were crowned with success yesterday morning. Sh6 * is weak, but not dangerously ill, from the exposure, and we hope to be able to see her all right again in a day or so. Great praise and credit is due to Mr. James Lean, Messrs. McFarlane.and Plate, and the other gentlemen who took part in the search; and last, although by no means the least, everybody's friend, Mr. Andrew Brown. I noticed among the discoverers Miss B. Taylor and her sister, well mounted." At the Millicent Police Court on Thurs day, August 29, before Mr. T. J. S. O'Halloran, S.M., Captain Boach, of the ship "Windsor Castle, now lying at Bivoli Bay North, charged Charles Henderson, Charles Phalberg, Charles Thornberg, J. Thompson, W. Williamson, John Erickson, Peter Franks, and John Smith, sea men on board his vessel, with "continued dis obedience to orders, illegal refusal of duty, and refusing to rejoin the ship." Mr. Grundy, who appeared for the defendants, contended that the information disclosed no legal offence, or that if any were shown there were three separate and distinct offences, and that in consequence the information was bad. The S.M. agreed, and dismissed the information with £5 5s. costs against the complainant, recommending the men at the same time to rejoin the ship. This,after consideration, they declined to do, alleging (states the Border Watch) that they were abo minably treated on board and insufficiently fed. The captain then laid a fresh information against them for refusing duty, to which they all pleaded guilty, and the S.M. had no option but to sentence them to one month's imprison ment in the Mount Gambfer Gaol with hard labor. Much sympathy is expressed for the men at Millicent and Bivoli Bay, and the S.M., in sentencing them, said he considered the cap tain was equally to blame with the seamen. The Rev. A. Kaibure, a native minister from Fiji, who, with the Bev. Thos. Williams, has come to South Australia ns a deputation on behalf of the Wesleyan Foreign Missions, de livered a sermon at the Archer-street Wesleyan Church, North Adelaide, on Sunday evening, September X. The Church was crowded, and seats had been placed down the aisles to afford the necessary accommodation. The sermon was given in the Fijian language, and was translated sentence by sentence by the Bev. Thos. Wil liams. The speaker preached with great fluency throughout, and when forcing an argument home he spoke with great rapi dity and vehemence. The Bev. Thos. Wil liams apologised for Mr. Kaibure, as he was suffering from a severe cold, and would in consequence have to curtail his discourse that evening. He also stated that in his capacity as interpreter he had not the slightest knowledge of what the speaker was going to say. The text chosen was the ninth chapter of St. John's Gospel and the third verse—" And Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned nor his parents;" but the reverend gentleman intimated that he wished to confine his remarks to the latter clause of the verse, " but that the works of God should be made manifest in him." After referring to the parable of the healing of the blind man, he said the cause of the blind ness was that God had willed it so. They might ask him how could he a colored man tell them of these things, but he would say they had the same thoughts as his hearers, and the same Saviour who died to free them from sin. The young man in the parable was born blind. Well, they were all born blind as far as spiritual matters were concerned. Though their Heavenly Father was waiting and willing to supply them with blessings, they were groping their way in utter darkness, and were unable to reach them. He remembered two blind men in Fiji who made up their minds to steal a canoe, and so went down to the water at night and got into the boat, each at a different end. They commenced paddling, but one paddled one way and the other another, so that when morning arrived they had made no pro gress at all: He had used this illustration that those present might beware of being in two minds; their evil inclinations would pull them one way and their good feelings another,, but if they placed their faith in Christ His power and love would sustain them through all time. This evening there is to be a public meeting in the same church, at which both members of the deputation are to speak. The following particulars of an extraor dinary career are given by the Beachport cor respondent of the South-Eastern Star:—"The adventurous life of Percy B. Parker, who is un dergoing his month's-imprisonment in Mount Gambier Goal, is a most extraordinary one. Taking his own words for it, during the civil war in America he was appointed by the Federal Government to the command of a gunboat. Some short time after his taking command he declared in favor of the South, and four Federal men-of-war were sent to capture him; he held out for four months against these ships, although his gunboat.had only four guns Finding it im possible to capture him the Government sent four more ships against him. He then perceived that it was hopeless to contend against eight' ships, as he had only one gun for two ships, so one dark night he slid down over the stern by the painter of a boat that was hanging there, made for the shore,Reaving gunboat, officers, and . crew to take care of themselves. A large reward ! was offered for him, but he escaped capture, and afterwards obtained the command of a gunboat in theserviceof the Argentine Bepublic; buthesoon was compelled to desert that owing to his seriously committing himself in a public-house brawl , with the comroander gf another gunboat, whom he asserts he shot. He then had to levant most precipitately, and what he appears to regret more than all, leave his lady love behind him. He then contrived to make his way to England, and whilst at a loss whattoengage in, he fell in with the proprietor of one of those steam ' Bound- abouts,'- and coming to terms with him accompanied him inhis travels for some time. At; | last by accident he heard of the death of General Hill, who had left him a large sum of money, which he duly received, and then commenced a career of wild debauchery on the Continent. He contrived in an incredibly short space of time to run through the whole of the money* and again found himself on his beams- ends and deter-' mined to become a veterinary surgeon and quack doctor, but got himself into trouble, at starting by killing instead of curing the cattle he was prescribing for. Not succeeding in this' line, he had to fall back again to before the mast, and now he is in gaol. Perhaps when liberated his fertile imagination will enable him to invent i some plausible means of getting at the Australian public. If he were to write a full account of his' eventful and chequered life and have it published it might pay him." . A meeting of the residents in the district will be held at Mount Pleasant to-day to con sider the easiest gradient and best route for a railway to the Murray Bridge. There was a very thin attendance at White's Booms on Saturday evening to witness Mr; Bainford's ghost illusions, but .notwith standing the meagre patronage the performers went through their' work with spirit, and were applauded by those present, who enjoyed the entertainment. There was. a good attendance at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday evening, when "Ivanhoe" was repeated with great, success. The piece ran very Bmoothly, and the audience - expressed their appreciation by loud and fre quent applause. The same piece will, be re peated, for'the sixth and last time this evening. 