LOCAL SKETCHES. BY 'THE VAGABOND.' (Continued on page 137.) THE WAIFS AND STRAYS OF SYDNEY. No. n. I follow Baby Kelly up King-6treet. lie has not gone far 'when a woman crosses the road and takes possession of him. She seems decently clad, her most striking article of dress being a common red-and-black plaid ehawl, such as is often given to female inmates «f our charitable institutions. She appears to take something from the boy. I am evidently on the right track ; this must be Ids mother. It is easy to ' shado w ' ' the possessor of so gaudy a garment, so I hang well in the rear, and keep her in sight as she passes through the people hurrying homewards. Turning the comer of Elizabeth-street, I lessen the distance between us, and find, to my chagrin, that the child is not with her. He has slipped away unnoticed. I search for him, which is a mistake ; I should have followed the woman. For this night Kelly has evaded me, and after seeking for him in some of the nighthouses, I go home a sadder if not a wiser man. On the next evening I am again in King-street. About 11 o'clock I run Kelly to earth in the Metropolitan. He has come to look on me as an old friend and a certain source of income, and salutes me with .the request, ?? Gie me some money.' I effect a trad°. He wants ninepence to make up two shillings, when he can consider his work done, so I take his half-dozen boxes of matches and give him a shilling. Then I tell him to run home. But Kelly lounges about the door, and suddenly discovers that he wants ninepence more. This, I inform him, is an evident perversion of the truth, and an attempt at pxtortion which I cannot stand. In no way abashed, the boy leans against the doorway, and appears to enjoy the moonlight night, and criticise other waifs and strays who pass up and down the street. 'Women, the devoted of society, flaunt by us. Other and older gamins pester me with their offers of 'maatches.' I believe the inhabit ants of Australia consume more wax vestas than any other people on the face of the earth. One of these implores me, ' Gie me three pence ; I've no money, and I've had nothing to eat to-day .' I doubt this statement very much, and offer to buy him some food if he will accompany me. This he declines to do, and so does not get any pecu niary aid. In a few minutes afterwards, when I am in a cigar-shop round the corner buying the cheap Manilla such as the poor and humble can afford, this boy comes in and procures another dozen of matches, forwhich he pays sixpence. I tax him with his falsehood of a few seconds back, at which he only puts his tongue in his cheek and laughs. I keep a -watchful eye on Kelly, who stands at the corner. 'When I return thither I tind him taking great interest in a venerable waif who is the possessor of a woodpn leg, a gruff voice, and a confidential manner.- He im mediately bails me up. 'Gie a poor old cripple something, sir.' I interview him. His name is Charlie Shaw, is a Government man, came out in 1837, lost his legs in the quarries. I am such a new chum that I don't know what the term ' Government man ' means, 60 I ask him, if he was in the Government service, why he didn't get a pen sion, and why he came to this country. He winks as if he were consoi«us of a good joke, and says, ' Now, what did we all come out for in them days, squatters and all, many who are now rich folks, and whose sons are swells ? Little bit of trouble at home, ehr ' He is 6uch a good natured, candid old rascal, that I am quite abashed at my lack of discretion in asking painful questions, and I give him a coin, on which he implores ?? Gawd ' to bless me, and stumps away in search of further eleemosynary contributions. Kelly has been watching this old hand with rapt attention. Doubtless amongst these street Arabs the man who was 'lagged' is a noted character — in some sort heroic. I watch Kelly as he leans against the wall, and would give much to know what i6 passing in the child's brain. Suddenly a woman seizes liim by the hand, 'Come home, you bad boy.' It is the action and utterance of a poor mother whose truant child is the cause of much distress to her. So it outwardly appears, and strangers might think, ' That boy will have a 6panking -when he gets home, and serve him right for stopping out.' But I laugh to myself at this by-play. It is the decent woman in the red-and-black shawl— Kelly's mother, as I am now assured. They pass up King- street into Elizabeth-street. I stroll quietly after them. Then the woman wheels round sharply and suspiciously. I approach the nearest door and apparently knock thereat. As they pass under the next gas-lamp I see the child remove his money from his mouth and give it to his mother. A few steps more and she turns into a public-house at the corner of Market-street. In a minute I am at the opposite door reconnoitring. The Albion is a decent, respectable house, kept, as the name on the window informs me, by one Punch— a good jolly title for a Boniface.. It is, like everything in Sydney, built after . the English fashion. There is a bar, a parlour, and also vsereened-off passage with a hole in it through which' modest people order their drinks and sip . lhem unobserved by the curious. I had luckily entered this, and so have a full view of the other occupants of -the place, being in shadow myself. There are some Government servants talking of the Benrjian policy in Victoria. It is needless to say ihat it does not meet 'with their approval. I watch *he landlord .exchange a few words with Mrs. Kelly, and then he supplies her with some dark liquor, which I conclude to be rum. When she had tossed this off I order my drink and say to the landlord, '* What was the matter with that woman who bad the rum?' 'Ob, nothing; but we don't serve females here, and when she asked me for some rum I would not haTe given it her, but she said she had been work ing hard all day.'* And Mr. Punch sighs virtuously as if in sorrow for the proprietors of houses where females are allowed to drink promiscuously. Now it m»J be perfectly true that Mre. Kelly had been ' working hard' all day, yet the fact of the transfer of the boy's earnings and the immediate outlay in rum does not increase my respect for that lady.- I leave the Albion and follow the woman and boy along Elizabeth-street, keeping under the shadow of the trees on the Park side of the road. A few yards past the Synagogue, and Mrs. Kelly again stops and looks around. There is no one apparently in sight, and when she and the boy disappear the street is empty. I cross over the road and tind that they have retreated into a court, entered by a broad passage be tween the houses in Elizabeth-street. This passage is guarded against the inroad of carriage people by two posts, quite in the style of the London courts. The place is dark and forbidding in its gloom. I can see nothing of the surroundings ; so, having run Kelly to his home at last, I determine to revisit it by day light. It is early on a lovely Sabbath morn when I walk through Hyde Park. Numbers are already taking the air ; some poor wai& have evidently had ' the key of the street' all night. These lounge about help lessly, mostly with eyes intently fixed on the ground, as if they hope to discover some trove thereon. They may have read of lucky people who have picked up purses and other treasure. Why should not fortune be kind to them ? I leave these at their useless quest ; and find my way to the court below the Synagogue. This is hardly the location in which one would expect to find a ' back-slum,' but I presume it is a relic of the days when the convict barracks were close at hand. In it there are eight small two-roomed cottages, built of bricks. In front of each there is a miniature yard, which contains the pots and pans, the tubs and buckets, and other domes tic gear of the family. A handcart and barrow, with a quantity of old iron, proclaims one of these cottages to be the residence of a marine-store dealer. In the centre of the court is a water-tap, of which, luckily, there seems a plentiful supply. There is a grim appearance of squalor and poverty about the place, which under London influences of fog and damp would make it simply a wretched den. But the pure atmosphere,, the glorious sun of Australia, make even this place light and cheerful compared with old-world slums. I am pleased to sec flowers in front of one of the houses. How often have I noticed this taste amongst the very poor in city allej'6 in London ! Two cats and a dog lie lazily basking themselves in the sun, and a neat, cleanly-dressed young woman comes and fills her kettle at the tap. I wonder where is the home of Kelly ? Whilst I am speculating as to which is likely to be the place I am in search of, a little girl with frowsy hair, and a very dirty face and arms, and legs and feet, comes out of one of the cottages and runs across the road into the park. There, at least, the denizens of these crowded cottages can obtain fresh air and exercise, and so have a chance of health. I follow the child, and when she sits down under a tree and munches a piece of bread, I interview her. Yes ! she knows Mrs. Kelly, who lives in the same house ; and Pat, too, he is also there. She will show me, so accordingly we recross the road together. We enter the first cottage in the court on the left. 'Underneath the stairs which lead into the upper room two women are breakfasting. Standing at the door, I inquire for Mrs. Kelly. The younger woman rises, and says, 'She's not up yet, sir,' and points towards the window. On a trestle partly covered by an old and dirty quilt lie Kelly and his mother. The child is qvrite naked, and looks more babyish than when clothed. ne nestles towards the woman with that unconscious desire for protection and love which one finds in all young things, human and animal. Little Kelly has within him an affectionate strain. When I have had him seated on my knee he has 'cuddled' to me in the way highbred little boys and girls do when they say to one, ' Love me.1' Kelly's idea of a caress, how ever, ended with a playful slap in my face, and a challenge, 'D'ye want to fight?' lam. shocked at having thus unwarrantably intruded on Mrs. Kelly's repose, and I retreat through the door, leaving the gloom, and dirt, and squalor, for the joyous rays of the sun. The woman comes out, and I extract the following : — Her name is Cawmill, the old woman inside is her mother ; they and the two children sleep upstairs. (Another little girl has by this time joined us, as dirty and unkempt as her sister.) Of course, the girls go to school — they always go regu larly to Saint Mary's. She goes out doing odd jobs — nursin' and the like. It's a hard thing now for a poor woman to earn a crust. And Mrs. Kelly, decent woman, she finds it hard to get work washin' and scrubbin'. And the little boy, he goes to school regularly. Does he go out at night? Well, some times he sells the evening papers, and makes a copper or two. Drink? Mrs. Kelly and herself never touch a drop ! Thus Mrs. Cawmill ; and, looking at her children, my soul is filled with pity for them. They are in as bad case as any I have seen in London, and in a few years what will be their fate ? A boy or a youth may be reclaimed, but a girl once lost is. as a rule, depraved for ever. That is the unfortunate expe rience of the best authorities. I can only hope that these little ones are for the nonce happy in their dirt and ignorance and freedom on the dusty turf of Hyde Park. I give the children some money, and stroll away. I hardly think it possible that Kelly, after always being in the streets till midnight, can attend school regularly; but the next day I make a trial of Saint Mary's schools. These are under the shadow of the new Cathedral and the Presbytery. The latter is very pleasantly situated — the surrounding trees, the view over the bay, even the ruins of the old Cathedral, adding a charm to the peaceful quiet which reigns around. Here the good old Archbishop — R. I. P. — passed his days, beloved even by those of opposite faiths. Here now Dean M'Carthy mildly rules over the collection of wisdom and piety lodged within its walls. There is such a charm about the whole place that I am racked by two emotions — one, the wish to be rich enough to buy it, Cathedral and all; the other, a desire to become a priest and live in such charming quarters at peace with all the world. In the rocky playground at tached to the tchools some boys are being drilled as I drive up. Perched on rocky ledges the goats look on, and, like myself, evidently think it a verv poor show. Now I meet with a priest who -knows me, and whom I interest in the quest for my little Arabs. Father Petre is an English gentleman, a scion of that noble Catholic family which, wherever our tongue is spoken, is known as having been always foremost in the cause of the ancient Faith, in whose cause it has in old days sacrificed money and land and life. To the service of the Church of Rome many of its sons and daughters have for generations been devoted. And so, following the traditions of his family, Father Petre abandoned the uniform of a British officer for the sontatw of a Romish priest— the service of his country for that of his God. I like every man to act according to hie lights ; and if you ask me, I say that I think a man is doing better work in teaching the Gospel, whatever his version may be, and in comfort ing the poor and lowly and sinful, than in following out the present stupid life of an English officer in these piping times of peace. Mind, I am not going to admit that any religious body has had a great effect in solving many of the social problems of which I write ; but however free my thoughts are, the life of a priest, a clergyman, a minister — call him what you will— is certainly higher than that of the soldier. War is an evil which has, alas ! been rendered neces sary ; but I, a soldier, declare that in many things it is a life which destroys all good in a man, that the ' Christian soldier' i6 a mistake. This in spite of many supposed examples to the contrary. A man who deliberately adopts as his profession that of cannot, to my mind, be a Christian. A volunteer — one who wages holy warfare in defence of hearth and home and altar — is far different. In the boys' school we find two or three Kellysf but not the one I am looking for. They are all too clean and well dressed. The 230 youngsters here present are a fine sample of young Australia, mostly of Celtic origin. In the future I hope to have con siderable to say about our Public schools and system. We ascend the steps and enter the girls' department. The building is old, and not very convenient, but it is a pleasant sight to see 140 happy smiling faces. As I say to Father Petre, they look almost too nice. I should prefer to see some of the waifs and strays of this city brought here within the influence of education and religion. I proceed to examine the girls. It is needless to say that my little Cawmills are not here. But we run Kelly to earth in the infant school opposite. Here 150 little ones are imbibing their first rudiments. Kelly is learning ABC, and does not appear to like it. On inquiring from the teacher, we find he has only been entered a foitnight, and has not been at all regular in his attendance — which, knowing his nightly prowlings, I am not surprised at. Father Petre places him on a chair and examines him. He looks a comical little mite, but to-day has been sent out more decently dressed than usual. In presence of the priest, whose class, I daresay, he has already been taught to dread, Kelly is very quiet ; but he admits that he knows me, and that he sells matches. Only made fivepence last night, sometimes makes two and three shillings ; has made mare than four but never five shillings. Gives all his money to his mother. The boy is dismissed, and I inquired after the girls Cwamill, but they are not known here. I persuade Father Petre to accompany me to the Kelly-Cawmill home. He is anxious as myself that something should be done to rescue this child from the degrading nocturnal life he is leading. Arrived at the court, we find Mesdames Kelly and Cawmill are out doing a day's work, but the grandmother and one of the little girls, dirty as ever, are at home Father Petre asks the child if 6he goes to school, and ?where. Prompted by her granddame, -who I am sorry to find is a most unveracious old party, she replies, ' Saint Mary's.' ' When was she there last ? ' The old woman says, ' She's only been away since yes terday.' The child looks at her, but is not quick at picking up the ready lies which are put into her mouth, and hesitates and stammers* and lets out the truth at last that she and her sister have not been to school for about two years, at least since the time ' the bisters taught.' I ha--re now fulfilled my quest. Proceedings I trust will shortly be taken to rescue Baby Kelly from his present life, and to give him a chance for the future. The little girls Cawmill must also be taken off the streets to school and chuich. Mrs. Kelly no doubt will object to what is proposed, as the child must be her principal source of income ; but I think she will not persevere in resisting the pressure brought to bear on her. For the present Kelly still sells matches, and begs at night. He affects to be deeply wounded at my conduct. ' Yer gied the gals a shillin' each the other mornin' when I were asleep,' says he reproachfully and in confidence he informs me that ' My mother '11 break yer head wi' a brick.' Cui bono ? some may say after reading this. How can we be interested to any great extent in the history of an individual waif ! Wait a little, and I will show that Kelly is but one of a class— not actively or osten sibly criminal or companions of law-breakers — not apparently neglected— following a lawful occupation in selling matches and newspapers, and so not coming under the provisions of the industrial Schools Act. Yet these are leading a life as useless as real vagrants —a life which is training them to be dangerous mem bers of society in the future— a life to which they are brought up by their parents. For Mrs. Kelly is not the only one who appropriates and nearly lives on her child's earnings. There are many who daily turn their little ones on the streets with the order to bring so much money home at night I have seen on a Monday, what time ' the ghost walked ' at the Theatre Royal, a decent woman waiting a few yards from the box-office — a very decent woman in a clean print dress, but that she was so drunk 6he could hardly stand. Shortly there would come out of the office her son, a smart lad who earned twelve shillings a week in the Pantomime. The mother would seize the boy's wages and turn into the first public-house for liquor. There is no law as yet which touches these cases, but in these sketches I wish to point out the urgent necessity of private or public action to rescue the youthful waifs and strays of our streets from the evil influences of their homes — homes where they are only looked upoa as money-makers to help keep their parents in idleness and drunkenness. 