THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN AT WAGGA WAGGA. By Orb of Thkm. J Wagga Wagga. 9th lUrch. Wo left Sydney by tbo 9.45 train on tho morn ing of tbe 6th instant, and though it wai onr last look at tbe city, for soma months hence at any rato, only five gentlemen ere present to witness our departure, and their number did not include a solitary cricketer of New South Wales, or a representative of tho Association. But this is not in tbe least surprising, for they have shown us the cold shoalder from the start. Late in the evening we reached the railway terminus at Cootamundra, and stopped there for tbe nigbU But we might just as well have proceeded on our journey, for we couldn't get a spare rodm in any of the hotels, and had to camp on tbe floor, or any spot we could find. What with roughing it in this manner, and the worrying we received from fiics and insects of all sorts, we had qnite a lively time of it, and were very glad when daylight appeared, and the coach cam© round for us. About two hours after leaving Cootamuudra, a place which we were not sorry to loso sight of, the rain began to fall in torrents, and kept up until we arrived here about dusk. Those of us who had outside seats were wet to the skm long before the journey had ended, and ,® coach drew up in front of tho Criterion Hotel, where we are stopping, tho appearance of the Eleven altogether was not calculated to imbue an onlooker with a favorable impression. A good shower bath, however, with a sound rubbing down, sooo set the drenched ones right, and we all felt in good fettle for the match, which commenced yesterday, on the Wagga racecourse, which is said to be one of the best in tbe colonies. A wicket, was provided by cutting away tho grass and levetltng the bare earth with a heavy roller, and it played fairlv all through. The captain of the t wenty«two, fclr. Croker, won the toss from Gregory, and elected to bat, the first represeutativeaof Wagga to appear being Messrs. Blakenoy and Joseph, to the bowling of Allan and Garrett. SpotTortb, who had to make some final arrangements in Sydney, couldn't l»€e with us. and Kendall filled his place in this match. Blakeney r&n; up a score of eighteen quickly; by; good-crickei,- before he was disposed of by. being splendidly -caught by young Bannerman, off Allan. Thero were two other double figures in the twonty-two, but the play shown in obtaining thorn was not good, and the innings terminated in about an hour and a half for seventy«two. Allan's host balls went clean over the bails, and his average, thoreforo, is not very good, but Boyle was very much about, and secured sovon wickets for ten runs. Garrett did not bowl as well as he usually does in theso minor contests. After a short inter val the two Bannermaus went to the wickets and faced the bowling of Tompsou and Douglas. , Each batsman had made a couple of singles when A. Ban nerman played forward at a short-pitched ono, and was CAUght at point. 1—2—4 was tho state of1 tho camo as Horan went in. Great tbincs wero expected from the two cracks, but in Douglas s next over 0. Bannerman was caught and bowled .very Boftly, and he retired with 2 to his credit. 2 — 2 — 6. Bailey joined Horan, and these two scored rapidly, but 20 bad only just been tolegraphod when Horan was bowled by Tomp- son with a shooter for 8. 3 — 8—21. Gregory was next, and tbo T&smanian; commenced tbe partnership by bitting Tompson splondidly to the off for 4. Tho bowlers were| well on >ho spot after that hit, and the runs came in singles only for some time. At last Bailey again smote Tompson to the off for 4 — a fine hit— but after making 2 more off the same bowler he succumbed "to his next for: a well-earned sixteen. 4—16 — 42. Gregory now ' had Garrett as a partner, and when time was called tbey were still there, tbe captain having 36 to his name and Garrett 26. On resuming to day Gregory was caught off tho first hall he re ceived from Tompson, and the register was 5_80 — 98, Murdoch and Garrett mado a lengthened stay, and caused any amount of changes in the, bowling, but a separation could not be effected until Garrett became quite reck less, letting out at "everything, aud at last his doom was sealed, Douglas catching him at for ward cover off Harris. ' Garrett played brilliantly for bis score of 73, hut he gavo three or four easy chances. 6—78—202, Blackham succeeded, and hit the first ball for a brace. Murdoch here abouts hit Troy to squaro-leg twice for 6 in one over, which caused tbe captain to bring oh a new bowler, whom Murdoch also slated to squarelog for 5 shortly afterwards. Blackhnra's timo had now come, Croker holding him easily at point, and tho Victorian keeper of tbo Bticks retired for a merry innings of 14. 7 — 14 — 253. Boyle had only time to look about him when Murdoch was bowled off his pad by Nolson for a grand innings of 93, mado without tho ghost of a chancp. 8—93—260. Allan was caught off the first ball in endeavoring to save bis head, and tbe innings was over for 260, Boyle carrying ont his bat for 2. Kendall twisted his neck and could not bat. Tompson is a very fair left handed howler, with an easy roundhand de livery, and lie varies his pace a good deal, Douglas bowls fast overarm, .but, though vory straight, was ' nok. .particulttriy-«ffwtive. Tho fielding of the twenty-two -was pretty fair.1 Tbe twenty-two. in thcix.aecond innings jnade .,71 against tbe bowling oLBoyle and Blaokbam (slow\ underarm). ThonMplayed good cricket for 15, as did' Wiltaos for hut none of tbe others troubled tbe sooiws much. Boyle got eleven wickets for 26, and Blackham, who seems to be developing great all-round ability, secured niue for 39. Murdoch- kept wicket well, and tho fielding of the Eleven was good at every point. The weather was dull on the morning of the first day, but in the afternoon tbe sun shono pleasantly, tbe heat beiog tempered by a gontle wind, and the second day was really delightful. During tbo two days about 1500 persons, including a good master of ladies, visited tbe ground, and tboy appeared to enjoy the discomfiture of their representatives considerably,. To-night Mr. Fitzhardinge pre sented Murdoch with n neat trophy 'for obtain ing the highest score, in the mAtch, and, in doing so took occasion to allude to; the great cricketiug treat that had been afforded to the lovers of the game in -Wagga, and trusted that tho players would take a lesson and profit therefrom. Mr. Croker proposed tho health of the Eleven in <a few well-chosen words, and Captain Gregory appropriately responded. After Mr. Conway had proposed the toast of the Twenty-two, and Mr. Croker had responded, several songs were sung, and theevcning'B entertaininent wound up ia a very jolly fashion. We have met with a splendid reception from the residents of Wagga, and shall always have a good word to say for that prosperous and historic town We play at Beechwortb on Monday, tbe llth. A. Banner- man, after aome haggling, bas finally consented to go with us to England. Score - Twkxtt.two op Waqoa Waoqa, First Innings. Bocoud tunings, Blakenoy, c A. Banner- 8 mm, b Allan 1 b Blackham 0 Joseph, b Allan 0 o Murdoch, b Block- Kelson, st Blackham, b hain 2 Allan 0 c Blackham, b Boyle 1 Middleton, c Allan, b Gar rett 1 cSpofTorth,b Boyle 0 Weston, b Garrett 0 b Blackham 2 Karris, o Gregory, b Allan 2 bBoylo 6 Tompson, e Kendall, b Allan .18 c Garrott, b Boyle.. 4 Douglas, c Murdoch, b Garrett 2 b Blackham 8 ' Troy, b Allan 0 b Olackbam 2 Gowland, b Garrott .... 11 c Murdoch, bBoylo 2 Black, b Allan 4 a Blackham, b Boyle 1 Moran, c Murdoch, b Boylo 0 st Murdoch. bBoylo 0 Fell, run out 1 c Gregory, b Black- Clayton, c Murdoch, b ham.. 0 Allan 2 o Garrett, b Boyle., 0 Hobbs, st Blackham,- o Boyle1 2 b Blackham 9 Willaus, b Boylo 0 bBlockham «... 19 Croker, o Murdoch, b . Boylo 1 bBoylo 6 Thome, c and b Boyle ...3 bBoylo 16 Capel, notout 3 c Allan, bBlockham 2 Minctte, o Kendall, b Boyle 2 runout ........... 0 Affleck, o and b Boyle.. .. 2 notout .2 Howard, o A. Bannerman, . b Allan 6 st Murdoch, bBoylo 2 Sundries — 0 . Total 72 Total 71 Bowlujo Analysis.— First Innings : Allan, 113 balls, 41 runs, 7 maidens, 9 wickets; Garrett, 72 balls, 16 runs, 7 maidens, 4- wicket; Boyle, 60 balls, 10 runs, 6 maidens, 7 wickets. Second Innings: Boyle, 92 balls, 20 runs, 8 maidens, 11 wickets; Blackham, 92 balls, 39 runs, 3 maidens, 0 wickets. - AusTaALiAN Eleven.— First Innings, A. Bannerman, c Harris, b Douglas ...... 2 C. Bannerman, c and b Douglas 2 Horan, b Tompson 8 Bailey, b Totnpeou ; 10- Grogory, o Black, b Tompson 80 Garrett, o Douglas, by Harris 73 Murdoch, b Nelson — 93 Blackham; cCrokor, b Blakeney. ...S 14 Boyle,not out 2 Allan, o Blakeney, b Kelson.. 0 Kendall (absent) ..,... 0 Sundries 14 . Total for nine wickets 200 Bowling Analysis.— Tompson, 292 balls, 20 maidens, 04 runs, 3 wickets, 4 widest Douglas, 170 balls, 10 maidens. 4G runs, 2 wickets ; Moran, 10 kails, 0 runs ; Foil, 10 balls, 14 runs; Clayton, 8 balls, 7 runs, 1 wide ; Troy, ?.0 balls, 1 maiden, 22 runs; Harris, 92 balls, 0 maidens, 30 runs, 1 wicket, 1 wide ; Kelson, 19 balls, 1 maiden, 16 runs, 2 wickets,. 1 wide; Blakeney, 12 balls, 7 runs, 1 wicket. 