THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY NO JINI N0, SEPT 11, WS, j I THE Main Line Railway was yesterday the place | de resistance iii the Legislative Council on the motion for the second reading of the Bill providing for the payment of the interest on the cost of construction from the date of running trains from Hobart Town to Launceston and vice versa, The second reading was moved by the COLONIAL SECRETARY, vice, commencing at the beginning, tweed the history of the railway from its first inception to the fatal step of asking the Opinion of English Counsel, Vichy as has been repeatedly said, has proved.' the Colony in the unfortunate position of having BUivcndovod its legal and equitable rights. The course yesterday travelled over by the COLONIAL SECRETARY has been so often traversed in Parliament and in CHU- columns that -we shall mt inflict on our readers a repetition of the old, old story. We may, however', say, in passing, that we do not give our assent to the proposition of Mr. MOORE, that the assistance givéu.t^eppm pany in its clay of adversity, and the contract for carrying air mail liner involved the Colony all the liability which the Bill is intended to erect. We hold that the indulgencies coded the Company" could not have reflected KUI- legal position.. 'The effect of the mail contract was more questionable. But the grand blunder was the preparation of a case and the taking of the opinion of Counsel, for two thereby bound our selves to carry Mit fjjo opinion if against us, no matter how adverse Telford such opinion 'be to our common sense or legal conWciions ; while on the other hand that opinion could benefit us nothing, no matter how adverse to the views of the company, The action of Government in seeking an opinion on any subject on which the law officers of the Crown is this Colony had given no uncertain sound, was an incomprehensible throw- ing away of ourcontractrights, That wasd.w,clton; and strongly condemned by Mr. CHAPMAN in yesterday speaking to the Bill. He maintained that this Government should, as did five preceding Administrations, have taken their stand on the contract, and have had any disputes settled in the only competent tribunal, the Supreme Court of the Colony. Like the COLONIAL SECRETARY:, Mr. CHAPMAN at considerable length reviewed the history of the Railway, and coming to the present occasion, asked would Government give an assurance that the passing of the Bill before the House would be a final settlement of existing disputes. Without such an assurance, and he held that Government could not give it, the Council must pause before further committing the Colony to legal conclusions of private Counsel instead of testing the question before the courts. Mr. CHAPMAN indulged in pretty, decided condemnation of the action of the PREMIER, who, himself a lawyer, should have acted on his own opinion. Instead of this the PREMIER, had said Mr. CHAPMAN, failed, and knowingly, to uphold the law of the land. That law would have borne out the past action of Government, but the Colony would not be now at the mercy of the Company. And in present- ing this new front Ministers had, said Mr. CHAPMAN, not fairly stated the liability in which the Government had involved the Colony. Instead of having, as the Bill proposed, providing for £3/,000 as payment to 30th June last, Mr. Chapman said the real amount admitted to be due up to the end of this year was £72,732, being £54,100 interest from 1st November, 1876 to 30th June, 1878 ; £2,316 interest thereon ; £8,125 due 30th September, and £8,125 due on 31st December, 1878. Those sums would have to be provided for this Session, the sums paid to account being a temporary appropriation of money intended for other purposes, and which would have to be replaced, that they may be applied to their proper purposes. While thus speak- ing in condemnatory terms of the present position of the question, Mr. CHAPMAN gave the PREMIER credit for ability as a lawyer, enabling him to form as correct an opinion on a colonial matter as could any English Consul, no matter how eminent. He also referred with much satisfaction to the able stand Mr. GIBLIN had taken in the correspondence with the Company and the Deputation, and his only regret was than when the hour came for giving practical application to his convictions, he had not had the courage to uphold his opinions. Mr. CHAPMAN regarded the proposition before the House as merely postponing the difficulty, and inviting further claims, and therefore proposed an adjournment till Friday to allow Ministers an opportunity of showing that any concession now made would be conclusive and final settlement of existing disputes. Mr. GRUBB supported the adjournment, and as a lawyer, scouted the opinion of the English Counsel, which he said was based on an altogether different state of matters from that submitted in the Case for the Colony. Mr. GKUIIB pointed out in what respects the facts and the assumptions of Counsel differed, and, putting aside that opinion as not binding, he was still prepared to carry it out if only a final arrangement were thereby arrived at. But in the absence of any information on this point Mr. GRUBB said that if they were to go to law for the £20,000 interest on the period trains ran only to and from Evandale, they might just as well take the decision of the Court for the whole interest claimed, £72,732. He maintained that the alternative of before Parliament was a definite arrangement for all interests to date, or to dispute the whole in the Supreme Court. Not otherwise would we ever got out of hot water. The Company would continue knocking at the door for one thing or another, and this should be prevented, and in Mr. GRUBB'S opinion could only be prevented by the rights of parties being defined by the constituted Law Courts. He would rather pay under a judgment of the Supreme Court or Privy Council, than on an opinion of Counsel in which he had no confidence. Mr. CROWTHER, as a matter of course, supported the claims of the Company, and thus left himself in the abnormal position of supporting the proposition of the COLONIAL SECRETARY. The Hon. gentleman expressed himself as " amused " at the action and arguments of the mover and seconder of the motion for postponement, an expression that must have " amused " the Council, for we have remarked that whenever Mr. CROWTHER finds himself in a more than difficult position, or has had his temper more than usually ruffled, he announces himself as " amused." In his amused condition yesterday, Mr. CROWTHER set himself to n seriatim answer to all Mr. CifAwrAN had said, that being apparently the one object of Mr. CROWTHER'S Parliamentary life. Mr. CHAr., ...,-rT4g-i..g-i.iw-MW.-j-^.f-oliq-ccioumfurmiu~uiü pig, would, if he wished to make Mr. CROWTHER useful to him, only have to advocate any cause, or take up any position, to secure Mr. CROWTHER running off in the very opposite direction. The only now element Mr. CitowriiEit introduced yesterday was a fool or he threw out for reducing the speed from the contract rate of 23 miles, and as a necessary consequence, expressed himself much enamoured of Mr. CLARK'S recent report. But he skipped ever very gingerly the condemnatory opinion of that gentleman concerning the dangerous condition of the line, and the ruinous effect on the rails of such plant as is necessary to keep up the speed ; a speed that is only maintained by applying to purposes of construction, and repair money that should go to reducing the Company's claim for interest. Before ending his advocacy of the Company's interest, Mr. CROWTHER made two important admissions. He tried to collect himself, but not till he had blurted out I am authorised on the part of the Deputation I mean, I am BUGG." More important still, and, as if to justify that adjournment which he deprecated, he told the House that in voting the payment of interest for the period since the trains had run to Launceston, there was an acknowledgment, to effect of which would be that the Colony would have to pay the interest demanded for the Evandale train service in whole or in part. Mr. INNES followed Mr. CROWTHER, and dwelt specially on the delay of the Executive in making public the Opinion of Counsel's delay which he said now . fetters the House in dealing with the subject. Mr. INNES would have had the Government at once call Parliament together and submit the Opinion for the instruction of hon, members ; a proposition tHat" rather runs counter to the argument on the part of the Opposing in the Assembly, who maintain that the Goybriïraëut may not constitutionally ask the Parliament to chalk out a course for them, it being the duty of Government to submit proposals ; of Paris mounts judge. Mr. Iwcs next made a diversion from the subject before the House in order to express his personal dislike to the PREMIER. and he concluded by paying that called on to decide for himself, he felt "insist, ¿ho'fyôn'ouv'or the i Colony was involved in accepting the gill before the House as a settlement, or basis of settlement of the dispute ivH]| the Company. Mr. liiîii-.s, more than once expressed, himself in language lljqt gave a colourless are sure not intended to the supposition that he sympathises with the reprobation of the Colony which had been indulged in by die CHAIRMAN of the Company. While, protesting against being a party to such libels Mr', TÑNiís, while, upholding the honour of the Colony, «ui'tn.iniy gave reason to believe that his views of the past proceedings of the Qoyeriunoiit are those so offensively' expressed by Mr', OR WARD, Mr. Q-.i>4ifT find others in the interest of the Gojii pany. Mr. INNES then read a long preamble is to the Bill, which he intimated his" intention to submit at the proper time. It narrated' the past relations between the Colony' and £5 Company, making special reference to the case for the Colony, and Opinion of Gorizia], and wound up with the words, " and whereas it is the opinion of this Council." Some such language, he said, was necessary to show why the Colony now abandoned the position it had formerly maintained. In this respect Mr'. INNES sins, ye think since I ' rciisonarao"suggefe.U'jn, flue Bill, as submitted, being too bald, and in empower. Mr. CAMERON said he would rather pay £100,000'»7th'honour, than £52.000 with the dishonour inferred, and urged that the Bill be \vithdraw-ninoi'dorthattliowii«JßrinbJQctiuig^ifcbe disposed of in the Supreme Court. My, JJQDEUY wits in favour' of the second reading of the Bill, The line had been giga Jy improved since Mr. GREENE first reported on its Mate and the use which the Railway had been to the agricultural and other interests of the Colony was not to be desired.' Keeping these facts in view, he felt justified in carrying out the recommendations of Counsel, and the second reading was carried under circumstances (list are all Very cheering to those >yl|o struggle for the interests of the Colony. _____________ ThE SiiEWAitn PROCÈS,,.-Wo, or rather our Launceston correspondent, yesterday did Mr. Adye Douglas an injustice. The hon. gentleman was not at the railway luncheon at the Brisbane Hotel. He was invited ; but proved red lunching at home, and, therefore, he remains uubaptiMd in the true railway faith. May he remain so.'' INTERCOLONIAL FILLS, By the s.s. Ringarooma which arrived yesterday morning, we have received files of New Zealand papers from August Suth the 4th September. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. There was a long sitting in this Chamber yesterday, the oft debated subject of the Main Line Railway question being fully discussed, upon a motion for the second reading of the Main Line Railway Interest Bill. Mr. Chapman moved, as an amendment, the adjournment of the debate till Friday next, with a view to enabling a final settlement of the question to be arrived at. Mr. Innes intimated further amendment for the in- corporation of a preamble in the bill, explanatory of the circumstances that led to its adoption. Eventually, Mr. Chapman's amendment was negatived, on the casting vote of the President, and the House went into committee, when consideration of the bill was adjourned till Thursday, with a view to the printing of the preamble. The second reading of the Rural Police Rate Bill was carried. With regard to the message from the House of Assembly Respecting amendments made in the Bankers Law Amendment Bill, it was decided to insist upon such amendments, and a committee was appointed to draw up reasons for that determina- tion. Mr. 'Grubb obtained leave to introduce ' a bill to provide against the purchase of the Tasmanian Main Line Railway without the authority and sanction of Parliament being first obtained. The bill was read a first time and the second reading fixed for Friday next. The, other orders of the day and notices of motion were postponed, and the House adjourned at a quarter to ten o'clock until 4 o'clock this afternoon. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY Petitions were yesterday presented by Mr. Belbin, from the trustees and' managers of St. Andrew's, Hobart Town, and by Mr. Lewis, from the Rev. John Storie, having reference to petitions presented from other parties last week, touching the Presbyterian Church Bill. Several notices of motion having been tabled a message from His Excellency the Governor was brought down by the Colonial Treasurer, notify- ing that the Royal assent had been given to the Contingent Remainders, Californian Thistle, Salmon, and Trout Bills. The adjourned debate on the second reading of the Maintenance of Roads and Bridges Bill was resumed by Mr. O'Reilly. Mr. Reibey moved that the Bill be referred to a Select Committee of the House, which was passed by 13 to 12. The motion for second reading was carried by 15 to 10. The bill was then read a second time, to be committed next Tuesday. The Post Office and Electoral Bills were further considered in Committee, progress reported, and leave obtained to sit again to-day. The House adjourned at 11 o'clock till 4 o'clock p.m. to-day. STREET TRAMWAYS Street tramways are now either an accomplished fact, or are being introduced in all the principal cities and towns in Australia and New Zealand. Their advantage needs not to be enlarged on, and, therefore, we are glad to learn that a project will likely be soon submitted for introducing this great convenience in Hobart Town, the introductory route likely to be proposed being from the Railway Station, along Liverpool-street to Elizabeth-street, thence to Macquarie-street, and then along the last-named thoroughfare to beyond the city boundary. RAILWAYS IN ASIA The telegram published yesterday, with regard to the proposed extension of railways, in Western ABEL, was, as is too often the case, a little obscure. Through a bungle in trans- mission, we were informed that meeting had been held to promote a railway connecting Teheran and Tiftisi. We vainly searched on several maps for the letter name, and though having some idea as to the place that was intended to indicate, wo rigidly adhered to the telegram. The result is that our readers were not much enlightened ; but they will be when we mention that Tiflis, in Transcaucasia, near the Black Sea, is no doubt the town meant. There is a railway, we believe, to Tiflis, and a line from there to Teheran must ultimately be extended, to Herat, then to Cabool and the border of India, thus connecting by rail the Russian and British possessions in Asia, SUPREME Court-the third term commenced yesterday, but the Court did not sit, the business on the list Nicholas v. Turner, (in Equity) and the appointment of an Examiner, under the Banisters and Attorneys' Act, 38 Vict., No. 1d having been postponed till Friday. JUSTICES OF THE PEACE Can nothing be done to relieve the Police Magistrate of the indignity of having to wait for upwards of an hour for the attendance of a Justice of the Peace before pi occed ing with the business of the Court? This is an irregularity that occurs so frequently as to prove extremely vexatious to all whose business necessitates their attendance at the Police Court. Yesterday morning the Police Magistrate attended at the usual hour, and disposed of the minor offences on the charge sheet, when the other business had to be suspended till half-past 11 o'clock, for the attendance of a second magistrate. As we fail to see the value of any advice of or, what influence for good, the attendance of a Justice of the Peace can ensure in connection with the legal business of the Court, we think it very desirable for steps to be taken with a view to the cancellation of the lengthy roll at present in existence, and the empowering of the Police Magistrate to adjudicate alone. THEATRE ROYAL.-'L'horo was a large audience at the theatre, last night when the best piece produced by this company, entitled Baby was performed for the second time. The acting of Mr. Wheatleigh, who impersonated Mr. Tracy Coach," was highly appreciated. During the three acts the audience was kept in a state of good humour, and testified -,n.h-njjyiuvul-wy-lict^uciiu-ii|j|rti»uqcr--X'lio-rici formance concluded with the farce entitled The First Night ; or, A Peep behind the Scenes which passed off very successfully. The Octoroon will be produced this evening for the first time by this company. THE GuesT. This entertainment is having a long and successful run here. The attendance last night was good, and the performance received. with frequent manifestations of approval. To-night the Ghost will appear under the patronage of His. Worship the Mayor and aldermen. CRUELTY TO ANIMALS. In reference toaioportod case of cruelty to animals at New Town, alluded to by "Tattler," we learn from Mr. C. D. C. Quodling that the matter has been under investiga- tion by the rural police; 'the only persons, however, that witnessed the commission of the act were either unwilling or unable to give evidence that would justify the lodging of an information against any one, and therefore nothings the way of legal proceedings can be taken in the matter. A STRUGGLE FOR LIFE. Another instance of the danger of allowing cows or other -horned cattle to perambulate the outlying streets of this city, occurred yesterday afternoon, between the hours of one and two o'clock, and but for the timely assistance rendered, would most probably have resulted in the death of a citizen. However, Ave will permit, Mr. Wm. Thomas, Nurseryman of (Sandy Bay to give of his own words a narration of the occUrrance. "I find that parted from my friend Mrs Riley Superintendent of the Boys' Home, who had directed me the nearest way ind town.' In going through a narrow street leading into Warwick-street' " I observed some cows grazing in a street, leading into this narrow street ; two of the cows came down, and crossed my path, but apprehending no danger, I tried to pass on, but was immediately attacked by one of the cows, a black faced one, There were no means of escape, for the fence on my side was high up, and the ground steep to it. Having no stick or other weapon of defence, I seized the horns of the vicious by a tea, and tried to turn its head on one side. I succeeded 'I preventing the animal from going more in the struggle I went to the ground, still > retaining a firm grip on heathens. The struggle for life now commenced the enraged animal drew' me back and forth on the rough ground, and. tried many times to get its horns under me, but failed, except on one occasion when by a terrible lounge slip succeeded in tearing open my waistcoat, and Epping put my watch, failed to throw my assailant by training my legs around her foreleg, but she either producers, or struck my right knee, with her hoof, and murdered my right leg powerless. From that moment I felt that the chances were against me, and saw nothing but death before me my strength was failing fast. I had"*àqllg4 for boys again' and """in our inns in T WAN mi rim nullity of Ihsinn- mv grip on the brute's horns, a voice cried, ' coming, coming.' A lad appeared armed with a stout cudgel and beat off the infuriated animal. The cow is the property of a Mr. Hancock residing in Warwick. street, I p fearfully bruised from the back of my head to my ankle on. my right side, knife no bones broken, I listened to bring wife owner of that brute before our Police Magistrate as soon as possible. "." . PUBLICATION. Wales Literary lutetUgtuwr this month, contains a very interesting review " from the Literary World of Mr. H. M. Stanley's work "Through the B-nrk.Oontiupni," It also announced that the Rev. CR Clarke is about to define a series of lectures of his journeyings in Asia' and Europe There is the usual number of notices of-new'booku,' MR. ALFRED PJCIK AVIS RINGLEADER. - The something 'Ei'bïwr/'Stuï writes:-I'Mf. Page," the eminent Tssmanjim breeder of 'thoroughbred stock, is at present in this city, and intends making a tour through New Zealand and visiting the various studs' and breaking establishments. I'llia gentleman is well known by name in this colony asking enter pris- ing purchaser of the speedy Fitz Yattendon, one of the most brilliant performers on the Australian turf in his day. The sky unfortunately died in a few weeks after passing into the hands of Mr. P.age, who nothing daunted, looked around for something to supply his place, and fixed upon Horatio, whose 'deeds are too well known to need recapitulation. 'I'hyj grand horse being established his stud, Mr. Page has decided to dispose in his stallion Ring- leader, wholsVnne looking animal,' showing great power and quality, and being only eight years of age is in the prime of life. The stack he had got in Tasmania promises exceedingly well and great regret is expressed there at his foaling that colony." The Otago Daily Times says that Ringleader has been purchased by Mr. Edward Bavin") for 500; mail that the horse v. all be taken to the Palmerston and 'Waikouaiti districts. ,/JpviOB TO MOTHER jl--Aro"you broken in your rest by a' sick child suffered; with the name of ubttmfr teeth? Go at once to a clauses and put a bottle of its, WINSLOW'sSooiiiraa SYRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately, It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieve,] wind, regulates! the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other BRUISES. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup u old by medicine dealers everywhere at li. i}<_ per bottle. llMuf*otur#d»t4W,Orford-itroflt London, 