PARLIAMENTARY. The work of the Legislative Council for this week consists in the third reading of the Companies Bill and the Ken- nington and Norwood Boundaries Bill and in the second reading of the Hallett to Terowie Railway Bill. The attempt of Mr. Baker and those who voted with him to awaken Parliament to a sense of the impropriety of passing the Companies Bill in its present form having failed, it is to be feared , that this measure will take its place in the Statute-book, to be pointed at in future days as one of many specimens of hasty and ill-considered legislation introduced to further a special object and carried through without a due regard to the general interests of the public. The Hallett and Terowie Railway Bill is the keystone of much of the northern railway policy of the Government, and as such merits close attention. By passing it the Assembly has committed itself to the principle that Terowie shall be the station at which the break of gauge and the junction of lines running north-eastward, northward, and westward shall take place, and it is for the Council to declare whether they are ready to endorse that view. Our own impression is that the proper course has been adopted, but it must be confessed that in the debates in the Lower House the Subject has not been dealt with in the clear and exhaustive way which its importance demands. In the Assembly to-day Mr. Basedow is to submit the pertinent enquiry as to whether the Government intend this session taking further action towards suppressing the Rabbit nuisance. The necessity of dealing with this question is so urgent that it is to be hoped the unfortunate miscarrage of one measure in the Council will not be accepted by the Ministry as a sufficient reason for leaving matters even for a few months longer in the eminently unsatisfactory condition in which they now are. The Commissioner of Public Works is to seek authority to introduce a Bill for the formation of a line of railway from Dry Creek to Teatree Gully. This undertaking has long been con- templated, and although there is no immediate prospect of carrying the line further eastward than the point men- tioned there is abundant warrant for con- structing it as far as the Teatrea Gully quarries. Mr. Boucaut follows with a motion in favour of considering in Com- mittee of Ways and Means "certain resolutions relative to the imposition of a property and income tax." We take it that the form in which this resolution is to be submitted does not imply an inten- tion on the part of the Government to so far modify the scheme mooted by the Treasurer a few days ago as to bring for- ward an independent proposition in favour of a property tax. We should be glad to learn that it was so, but such a change of front is scarcely to be expected of them. The list of Ministerial Orders of the Day is swelling portentously, and now embraces fifteen. At the head is Supply, involving a continuation of the debate upon the Treasurer's financial Statement. Fol- owing this in order come the Copyright Bill, which in course of receiving its finishing touches, the Real Property Bill, Brands Bill, and so on down to the Mercantile Law Bill and the Electoral Bill, both of which are awaiting a second reading. Wednesday's Paper is of limited dimen- sions. It embodies a motion by Mr. Coglin for returns as to the nationality of immigrants ; another by Mr. Basedow for information upon the perennial subject of the cost of the Murray Bridge; the adjourned debate upon Mr. Ward's motion relative to a railway to the Border via the Murray Bridge ; the third reading of the Licensed Victuallers Bill ; and the adjourned debate on Mr. Hare's motion in favour of free education. The subjects likely to awaken discussion have been before the country for some time, and consequently call for no special comment. The topic of com- manding importance for the week is the financial policy of the Government ; and it would be a saving of time if members for the present agreed to give it pre- cedence over all other business. The 'Gladstone' Meeting. — The meeting held on Monday afternoon at White's Arbitration Room to consider the propriety of dispatching a message to Mr. Gladstone approving of his Eastern policy, although not numerously attended, drew together a number of influential colonists, and expressions of sympathy were received from a number more. Whether it will meet with a sufficiently large amount of support to be a substantial compliment to the right hon. gentleman will be seen if the Committee appointed to carry out the resolutions arrived at act upon the sensible suggestion of one of the speakers to invite the coopera- tion of all sympathizers with the move- ment, not only in Adelaide but through out the whole province. If this course is followed successfully the movers in the undertaking will have a much higher right to hold forth their address as one emanating from colonists of South. Aus- tralia than Messrs. West-Erskine, Ward, and Fraser had to put forward a similar claim for their memorial. However this may be, it is satisfactory to find that those who appreciate the action of the party in England opposed to the protectionist and shifty policy of the Beaconsfield Cabinet in regard to the Eastern Question are sufficiently in earnest in their convictions to adopt a practical form of expressing their dissent from the addjess. which has lately been sent home, and which has no doubt ere this been enshrined in the Court Circular as an exposition of the \iews of the people of South Australia. A3 we have before pointed out, the course which has been thrust upon: them is by no means a pleasant one. Under any circumstances the tusk of drawing comparisons between leading statesmen is an invidious one, and especially is it so when, as in the present case, they occupy peculiar relative posi tions. The Committee are, however, to be congratulated upon the tact they have displayed in the preparation of the address which it is proposed to send to Mr. Glad stone, in which they have avoided as far as possible treading upon delicate ground. On this account the address is likely to prove all the more gratifying to the recipient. It is unnecessary here to enlprge upon the policy which. Mr Gladstone has so resolutely advocated, heedless of the taunts of his opponents, who have shrunk at nothing in their en deavours to blacken his character and hold him up to the derision and contemp of his countrymen. It is morally certain that had his policy been followed a far more satisfactory solution of Oriental difficulties might have been effected and the terrible war which has just bran brought to a close need never have been waged. That the present peace is a insubstantial affair, a thing of shreds and patches, the news which reaches us of the state of affairs in Armenia, in Eastern Rumelia, in Bosnia, and the Herzegovina too clearly indicates. A great crisis has for the present been tided over, but disturbing agencies are already at work, and there are evidences that before long Eastern Europe will be again in a state of convulsion. The after-effects of Lord Beacousfield's policy are disclosing themselves rapidly, and even now the feeling of thanksgiving at the pacific issue of the recent crisis is changing into one of disquiet and doubt whether the 'blood- less victory' has not been too dearly won— whether, in fact, the elements of another dangerous crisis are not gradually forming themselves. These are questions which the immediate future will deter mine. One thing is tolerably certain — that as the danger develops itself the superiority of the Gladstone policy over that of the Beaconsfield Cabinet, if policy it can be called, will become more and more conspicuous. In time to come it will be felt that not by a series of brilliant shifts, of underhand treaties, and of weak concessions is the dignity of the Empire to be best maintained, and yet the task of maintaining it must be rendered increasingly difficult through the foothold in Asia and in Eastern Europe which. Russia ha3 acquired and holds under the Treaty of Berlin. We need only further point out that the address to Mr. Glad stone is not to be viewed merely or even so much in ' the light of a personal com pliment or as an endorsement of every step he has taken, but as an unqualified expression of approval of the principles which have governed his treatment of the Eastern Question. The Cable News. — Affairs in Bosnia and the Herzegovina are becoming seriously complicated and give warning of grave trouble to come. Somewhat fuller details of the recent engagement between the Austrian troops and the insurgents, in which the former were v;c torious, have now reached us. The conflict occurred at Tjepce, in Bosnia, and the number of insurgents who took part in it was 600. The more startling part of the news is that a Turkish battalion of the Redif, the second army reserve, has been captured by the Austrians. It is to be presumed that these troops are making common cause with the Mohammedan population, and if this is the case they will of course be liable to a like punish ment. Martial law having been pro claimed in Bosnia, henceforward all rebels taken with arms in their hands will be shot without mercy, and it is probable that even the empty form of a drum-head trial will not be 'gone through. Thus it is to be feared that exceedingly grave difficulties will arise before the occupation of Bosnia and the Herzegovina is effected. At present there are no indications that the contest between the insurgents and the invaders will Boon be ended. It is now stated that the former number no leas than^ 100,000, and the resistance to the Austrian troops is increasinj. There can, of course, be but one issue to the contest, but many more victories such a3 tie one now reported will be necessary before the power of the Mussulman insur gents is impaired, and great bloodshed and loss of life must of necessity bo occa sioned. Elsewhere disturbances are also reported. In Odessa and in the Caucasus serious rioting 13 taking place, and in Italy the agitation produced by the in tended occupation of Bosnia and the Herze govina by Austria, which it was hopAd bad finally subsided, has recommenced. The news of the appointment of the Marquis of Iorne to the office of Governor-General of Canada has been received with enthusiasm by the Press of the .Dominion, who write in terms of high praise of this token of an Impe rialist policy, which they assert will tend to a closer union between the United Kingdom and its dependencies. A stir has been created by the refusal of the Eight Hon. W. E. Forater, M.P., to pledge himself to accept the political plat form of the Bradford Liberal Committee i at the next election. This refusal on the part of the member for Bradford has been much commented upon, an affecting the attempt to introduce the system into England of government by caucus. The riuftt hon. gentlemau has of late been becoming more and more alienated from the advanced Liberals of his present constituency, and it is noi improbable that lie will look for a seat elsewhere. The Irish Sunday-clo3ing Bill, which has occupied a large sliare of the attention of Parliament during the past two months, has at last been passed in the House of Commons. Thb Mails per Siasi.— It has been pointed oat to us that the time occupied in conveying the mails from London to Glenelg is even better tb»n we stated in the paragraph in reference to the delivery of the last English mail news brousht by the Siam. We sfcited that tha news was under 35 days old— the quickest transit of trail news from England to Adelaide on rerwd. [t tceirs, however, that the mails left London on. Friday, July 5, at 8.30 pjn., and as the Siam anchored at Glenelg at 2.15 a.m. on Friday, August 9, the time occupied, including railway travelling and all stoppages, wan 34 days 5 hoars 45 minutes ; or, deducting the difference in lon gitude, say 9 hoars 20 minutes, the actual time occupied in the transit of the mails was 33 dtys £0 hoars 25 minutes. Thb Ohhibobazo's Voyagh Homb. — Messrs. J. Stilling & Co. have received a telegram from their Sydney agents stating that the steamer Ohimborazo arrived at Plymouth on August 10. She has therefore made the run in 39 days, baving left the Semaphore on July 2. Her mails were landed at Suez, and reached England on Saturday, but the vessel arrived on the same day before the mails. The maximum rate of steaming was 329 knots a day, and the minimum rate was 311, the former being about 13£ and the latter nearly 13 knots an hour. Mb. Gladstohb and tf1* Easterm Question. —At a me sting held at 'White's Arbitration Boom on Monday it was resolved to forward an address to the Bight Hon, W. E. Gladstone, stating that the address which had been for warded to Earl Beaconsfieid and his colleague most be taken es the expression of the opinion of only a portion of the colonists, and expressing the belief that it was owing to the action of Mr. ? Gladstone and hh friends that Great Britain had been kept oat of war, and that had their ' counsels prevailed the Kosso-Torkish conflict would have been avoided. It was alro decided to advise Mr. Gladstone of the address, and the following telegram was sent to him-. — 'Congratolatoiy address is coming to you from South Australia.' A Committee was appointed to carry oat the details, Messrs. A. S. Clark and J. L. Parsons, 1LF,, being thanked for having called the meeting. The Chief Secretary.— The Argus of the 9th says:— 'The Hon. W. Morgan, the Chief Secretary of South Australia, has arrived in Melbourne, and had an interview yesterday with Mr. Berry. The visit of the hon. gentleman is connected with the termination of the P. & O. contract, the South Australian Government being anxious about future arrangements. Mr. Burns, the Postmaster-General of New South Wales, is expected in Melbourne on Monday, and an effort will be made by the three gentle- men to adopt some basis of agreement. New German Club-House.— We learn that the foundation-stone of this building will be laid next Monday by Mr. F. Basedow, M.P. Jockey Club Nominations.— Nominations most be made with Mr. C. J. Coates on Tuesday, 13th, for the St. Leger and Two-year-old Stakes of 1878-9 and the Derby of 1879-80. Astronomical— The conjunction of Jupiter with the Moon on Sunday evening was oc casionally visible between the Bcudding clouds, and afforded another illustration of the wonder ful parfection to which astronomical science has attained in calculating the exact position of the heavenly bodies for any given instant of time years beforehand. Wikkkh of ths Goodwood Ocp.— Now that the entries have come to hand we see that the Goodwood Cup was won by a four-year-old named Kinciem. The nominations, however, only give the name, and as it is not mentioned previously it is impossible to say whose horse he is. As far as we can see he has not started before. There were seventeen nominations : — Pilchard, Kincsem, Zucchero, Hampton, Lady Golightly, Pageant, Charon, Lady Lumley, Hilarious, Chamant, Verneuil, Petrarch, Glen Arthur, Start, Lord Olive, Tliurio, Mida. With penalties in the case of the cracks and allowances in other cases, doubtless Kincsem has had the best of it. The Thajiway. — The returns for the week ending August 11 on the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway show that 17,653 passengers travelled to and from the city and eastern suburbs. The holiday returns — whichare included — wereabout 2,000 more than ordinary days, but the total returns apart from the holiday show an increase of upwards of 2,060 passengers over the previous week's traffic. GOVERNMENT TENDERS.—Tenders were opened at the Architect-in-Chief's Office on Monday, August 12, as follows: — For the erection of stable and forage-shed at Gladstone Police Station, two tenders—W. P. Hill's the lowest ; for erection of Court-House at Yorketown, four tenders—T. Hall's the lowest ; for erection of shed at Park- side Asylum, two tenders — W. King, jun.'s, the lowest; for sundry repairs at Parkside Asylum, one tender — Dunk & Hill's; for erection of Court-House at Laura, one tender—J. Fitz- patrick's. The tenders will have to be examined before being accepted. THE APPEAL SUIT OF LEVI V. AYERS AND OTHERS.—In other columns will be found in extrnso the judgment of the Lords of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council on this appeal from the Supreme Court of this colony, which was delivered on the 33th May last. It will be remembered that the result of their Lordships' judgment appeared at the time in our telegraphic columns. In their Lordships' opinion the plaintiffs suit wholly fails, and they dismiss tha appeal, the appellants to pay the costs thereof. BURGULARIES AT PORT ADELAIDE AND THE Semaphore.—We hear that Captain Osborne's house, situated in Dale- street, Port Adelaide, was broken into on Sunday, August 11. Mrs. Osbome and her brother-in-law left the house at 2.30 p m. for town, and returned at 9 p.m., finding the front door open. The contents of the rooms were scattered, and various taxes had been forced open. About £5 wis missing from a box, but strangely enough £3 contained in the same box was left untouched: The doors were secured when they left home. On the morning of the same day the premises of Mr. Win. Hastie, baker, of the Semaphore-roid, were broken into. The house was left at 11 am., and on the occupiers returning at 4 p.m. the back door was found open. It was then dis covered that the sum of £11 had been abstracted in notes, a half-sovereign, 10s. in silver, and four cheques, payment of which has since been stopped. The Port Adelaide police are actively engaged iu searching for the burglars. RUN OVER.—On Monday, August 12, Mrs. Hanlin, the wife of Mr. Hanlin, a farmer of Gumbowie, was walking in the road at Aberdeen between the National Bank and the Bank of Australasia, when she saw a vehicle belonging to Mr. Opie coming round the corner from the railway at a smart pace. In attempting to get out of the way she fell, and the vehicle was driven over her, causing dislocation of one of her ancles. The driver of the buggy, however, did not even pull up to see what injuries had been inflicted on Mrs. Hanlin, who was placed in a spring-cart belonging to Mr. Nolan and taken to the Court-House Hotel to await medical attendance. HOLDFAST BAY RAILWAY.—At a meeting of the Glecelg Corporation, held on Monday even ing, August 12, it was decided that the request of the Directors of the Company, asking that the railway might enter the town of Glenelg, should be complied with. The Holdfast Bay Kj.il way Bill was then taken into consideration, and with very slight amendments agreed to. Evasion of Immigbatios Reotlations.— 'When the Select Conraittee on Immigration arrsugtments -v^g sjtting the Hon. J. Fisher, who was one cf the witnesses, stated that when returning to Adelaide after a trip to England he bud met on board the vessel a retired Indian ifficer Darned Colonel Stephens, then resident in Melbourne, who told him that he had made arrangements to bring out two domestic servants as free immigrants to South Australia, and that they would thtuslip to Melbourne and enter bis service. He requested Mr. Fisher, as a favour, to have them forwarded on to him when the Lightning— the vessel iu which they were to come out— arrived at Pert Adelaide. Mr. Fisher jointed out the wroug which was bsing done to South Australia by making that co'ony pay for the passages of persor.a destined for another province. Colonel Stephens replied that he had been informed in the Emigration Office that it did not matter to wbnt colony the emigrants were going, as even if they went on from South Australia they would probably return bringing several others with them A despatch oa the subject was forwarded to the Chief Emigration Agent, to which he replied by last mail. Sir Arthur BIyth states that he had had further applications from Colonel Stephens, who wished to bring out two other domestic servants. He wrote to Colonel Stephens asking him to call at the office, and on his doing so read over to him the evidence as given before the Select Com mittee, and expressed to him in plain terms his (Sir Arthur Blyth's) opinion of such conduct, and especially of his attempt to renew the wrong done to the colony by misappropriating its funds in this way. Colonel Stephens left the office very angry, saying that he would cotomu nicate with the Hon. J. Fisher. He also repeated his statement that he had teen told at the Emigration Office that it _ did not matter to which colony the emigrants were sent, but on being ask»d to Foint out the person who told him he refused to do so, from which Sir Arthur Bij in says he drew his own conclusions. It is possible that some unscrupulous agent may have misinformed Colonel Stephens in this matter, but it is not likely that any one attached to the Emigration Office would do so. The fact, however, that the wrong-doing was pointed out by Mr. Fisher, and yei that Colonel Stephens tried to repeat it, cei cainly points to the conclusion that he was wilfully seeking to evade the regulations. Shaiiet-cl Aesaclt.— On Saturday evening, as Mrs. William Birch, of ths Semaphore, was returning to her home in company with her little boy, she was assaulted on the Military road by some vagabond who came behind her and taking her by the shoulders threw her for cibly to the ground. The lad was walking some short distance ahead of his mother, but on hearing ber scream at once went to her, but the man made off. The mitter was at once reported to Police-constible Shanahan, who shortly afterwards accosted two questionable- looking fellows who were hanging about the neighbourhood. They, how ever, could not be identified with certiinty, although the whereabouts of one ? of them at the time he was seen led to his being suspected. Mrs. Birch was carrying two or three small parcels at the time; but whether the man's intention was to rob her or commit some serious violence is a matter of surmise. Policecon stable Shanahan proceeded to' Glanville by the last train to pursue bis enquiries, and unfortu nately met with a nasty accident in alighting from the train. The last train was not going to stop at the platform, but at the request of the constable thti driver slackened speed to allow him to get down. He was doing so, but got out of the carriage rather close .to the end of the platform. He tripped forward, and not having sufficient distance to recover himself, toppled over the steps and fell violently on to his right shoulder, the result being that his collarbone was broken. He walked home, and shortly afterwards Dr. Toll attended him. and set the fracture. Another constable was sent over to the bea-.-h to supply Shanahan's place, but up to a late h»ur on Monday the perpetrator of the outrage had not been arrested. Thbatbb Royal. — The grand tragedy 'Macbeth' was presented at the Eoyal on Monday night for the second time before a large assemblage. Mr. Creswick appeared to fine advantage in the character, and was greeted in the most effective scenes with rounds of tumul tuous applause. Mr. Holloway as Macduff was seeD at his best, nor less successful were Mr. Reynolds aa Malcolm and Mr. Martin as Duncan. Miss Carry George's Lady Macbeth whs also a very creditable production, and found special favour with the audience. But some of the minor parts were scarcely undertaken in a praiseworthy style. For example, there was a world of room fer improvement in the per sonation of Rosse ; and the ' soldiers' were a very raw squad indcrd. But these defects were perhaps not altogether unwelcome, for they helped to weaken with a grim humour the high tension of feeling which the admirable acting of the leading characters excited — sometimes to an almost painful degree. The same piece will be repeated to-night. Marinb Boaed.— A meeting of this body took place on Monday morning, August 12. The Admiralty have signified their approval of a badge for the flag of South Australia. The badge is taken from the seal of the province, and in this, we are informed, the practice pre vailing for British possessions ha-j been followed of copying the seal of the colony for the badge of a flag. The Board of Trade have made a concession in reply to a request from the Sydney Marine Board respecting the domicile clause. Wherfi a ship registered in the United Kingdom trades to the United Kingdom service in such vessel for certificates of competency could only be accepted in the United Kingdom. If, however, she was cot trading regularly with the United Kingdom, but was trading regularly from a port in Australia, the Board of Trade would not object to service performed in her being accepted, as equivalent to service in a vessel registered in the colony, assuming that the local authorities have perfectly satisfactory means of verifying the services alleged to b we been performed on the vessel. Eight Hoce3 System at Port Adelaide. — A meeting of 'Portonians, who, having initiated the sight hoars system, wanted to know the reason why they should cot celebrate the success attained by them by a demonstration of their own,' took place at the Duke of Wellington Hotel on Monday night, August 12. Mr. S. Webster presided, and there was a large and re precentative gathering. It was decided that w PortoDians1' should, on September 2, celebrate by a demonstration the eight hours system, and that permission should be sought for the use of Torrens Island for a picnic and excursion. The various Committees and Sub-Comirxttees were eppointed to give effect to the resolution. The moveuent was stated to have taken its rise from the division in Adelaide on the subject, for it was reasoned that if Portonians joiaed either party they must give offence to the other. The meeting was very unanimous in its proceed ings, and seemed determined to bring about a successful demonstration. Cricket.— The cricketing season having again come round, the Barton-terrace Club mastered on their ground on Saturday last, 10th instant, for practice, when sides were chosen by Messrs. Moss and Evans, the resul t,beiug that the former wod. A very lively game was kept up during the afternoon, and no doubt before long the Park Lands trill again be occupied by lovers of the manly game. Cauforsiax News. — A correspondent writes: — 'California has decided to adopt a new Constitution, and an election of delegates to a convention for the purpose of framing one has been held. There were five tickets in the field, viz., Working Men's, Non-Partisans, Re publican, Democratic, and Anti -Kearney, i.e., opposed to the first-named one. The Working Men secured a plurality in the city, but the Non-Partisan secured a majority out of the city, the result being that about one- third have been elected by the Working Men's party and two thirds by the Noa-Partiian tickets. I expect, however, that the 'Working Men's ticket wili rule the conference ; aud as this is a party of new existence much cariosity exists as to the course a party will take which has adopted as its rally ing-cry, ' The Chinese most go.' This is the strong point in this party, and the one that secured them so many votes. It is also proposed to tax mortgages, that is, the holder of the mortgage, and deduct the amount thus gathered from the tax upon the holder of the property. The Presi dential title investigation excites little comment here, owing to nearly every sensible un biassed person believing that there was an equal amount of fraud on both sides. There is a pood joke about one new coin— the 92-cent dollar. The eagle upon it was designed by an Englishman, and he succeeded in turning out a gcod picture of a turkey buzzard, not an ornamenHl bird upon the coin of the country ; he also managed to ' ring in' a lion ' rampant' in the hair of the Goddess of Liberty, and it not being discovered till the coins were in circula tion much amusement is felt and comment ex cited.' Nobth Abelaidb Co-oferattvb Soohtt. — An adjourned special general meeting ef mem bers in the above Society was held at the Society's store, O'Connell- street, on Monday evening, August 12, to consider the position of the Society's affairs. There were 15 persons present, and Mr. W. King, jun., presided. The late Manager (Mr. C. H. Brown) was in atten dance. The Chairman stated that in accordance w ith a resolution of the meeting Mr. L. L. Furner was engaged to examine the books of the Society, and ascertain the position of affairs. BIr. Furner had rendered a progress report, but had not been able to present his final one. The progress report was as follows : — ' I have looked carefully into the accounts of your Society, and bfg to forward herewith a statement which shows approximately its present position. By this account you will see that the capital account shows a deficiency of £133 5s. Id., which (assuming that the last balance-sheet was correct and that the stock has been accurately taken on the present occasion) appears to be a loss on the past quarter's operations. I cannot see how this loss has arisen, aa with the amount of business done a handsome profit should have betn realized, and I have no doubt but that with careful management the Society will speedily recover its losses. The shareholders will, however, have to forego profits for the next six months. In the meantime I would recom mend that no shareholders be permitted to draw out their shares until some definite arrange ment has been arrived at. I wish it to be understood that the account submitted is only to be regarded as approximate, as I have had no opportunity of checking the several items, although I have no doubt it represents pretty nearly the actual position of affairs.' Dissatis faction was expressed at the unaccountable loss on the quarter's business. In explanation Mr. Brown said that the only way he coulJ account for the position of affairs was in connection with the taking of the stock, as no one knew his private marks but himself. The stock, he said, bad been taken in his time at what it cost, and not at what it was worth at the time of taking stock. In answer to that the meeting pointed out that the stock was carefully taken by competent persons, and marked in plain figures by one of the men in the shop who knew Mr. Brown's private marks, and that the shop was closed for twe days for stocktaking. Mr. Brown was asked to go through the stock-sheets some evening, and point out wherein be thought the difference could have arisen ; but he declined, stating that he did not feel justified in doing so, as he felt quite satisfied with his own conduct and con science, and did not approve of his treatment by the Committee. It was stated that during the last quarter ended June 30 the takings were over £800, and that during the current quarter there tad been a large increase in the number of customers and cash-takings under the manag - ment of Mr. Lindsay, Mr. Brown's successor. The meeting adjourned for the reception of Mr. Furner's final report, AmnvERSARV. — The anniversary tea and public meetings in connection with Young-sf re. t Bible Christian Church took place on Monday eveniDg, August 12. The public gathering in the church was moderately well attended, and Mr. Jos. Ashton presided. The Secretary, Mr. J. G. Ashton, read the financial statement, which showed that the receipts bad been £114 8s. 8d., and the expenditure £131 0*. 4d.; the total debt amounted to £1,200, viz., £500 on the church at 5 per cent., and £700 on the minister's resi dence at 7 per cent. The Bev. T. Piper, Pastor of the Circuit, spoke of the lessening of the numbers of those attending the Church by their removal to other places oat of Adelaide. There was, he explained, a congregation at the Church at Goodwood numbering nearly as many as tfcose in Young-street Church, and some of the members of the latter place of worship had gone to North Adelaide. The services of Mr. Varley in the Town Hall bad for the time lessened the attendance, but thcrse causes referred to were more conducive to satisfaction than regret. He spoke with pleasure of the interest shown by young members of the congregation in its spiritual affairs, and said if the past year had been one of dispersion it wa3 also one of out growth. The Key. J. McNeil, of Bowden, expressed satisfaction at the encouraging report of the affairs of the Church, and suggested the propriety in the future of turning the present building into a lecture hall and building a more spacious church in a better site. He con gratulated the pastor on the growing religious feeling manifest in the Church, and closed with an tamest exhortation in the direction of co operation. The Rev. Joseph Hancock followed with an address upon religious work, giving some excellent advice, and the meeting closed after a collection. ' The Autocrat of the Breakfast Table.' —Mr. J. L. Parsons, M.P., delivered his popular lecture on Wendell Holmes's ' Autocrat of the Breakfast Table' on Monday evening, August 12, before the North Adelaide Young Men's Society, in the schoolroom of the North Ade laide Congregational Church. There was a large attendance of members and friends. The lecturer linked together in a delightfullyenter taining way the autocrat's crumbs of advice on preserving poetry, controversy, creeds, talkiug, local conceit and provincial pride, charity, devo tion, and other topics. He interspersed bis remarks with local comments and allusions, which were greatly appreciated. On the motion of Mr. A. Gore, seconded by Mr. J. F. Conigrave, a cordial vote of thanks was given to Mr. Parsons for his excellent and interesting lecture. The Rev. Osric Copland, President of the Society, occupied the chair. ArsTRAiXAH Botasy.— We have'received from Mr. W. R. Guilfoyle, the Director of the Mel bourne Botanic Gardens, an elementary work on 'Australian Botany,' of which he is the author. The work is intended for the use of schools, and is written so as to give the fullest information on all technical points connected with the study of botany, in order that a teacher without any previous acquaintance with the principles of the science would find no diffi culty in imparting an elementary knowledge of the study to his scholars. The author refers to the difficulty that beginners find on account of the classical names given to plants, and states that he has endeavoured to follow in the steps of many eminent botanists who, by their labours in bestowing common names to plants, have greatly simplified the study. The work i- divided into eight lessons, which treat of the verious parts of plants and to the class of acotyledons. Outlines are given of the Linrtean and natural systems, which are compared, and the advantages resulting from the classification of plants under the latter system are pointed out. The author devotes a chapter to Austra lian botany, in which he gives a glowing de scription of tbe beautiful scenery to be found in various parts of Australia, and refers to the rare prizes that reward t'ae collector of botanical specimens if he pursues his search with diligence. Directions are also given for the collection and preservation of specimens, and a useful glossary of Australian plauti is appended. The work is one that is greatly needed, and it is to be hoped that this is the first of a series of works on Australian natural history. Cocxcil of Education. — This Council ha -3 an extraordinary meeting on Monday, August 12\. All the general business was postponed, and nearly two houis and a half were occupied in the consideration of the case of Mra. O'Shai!tJi»«By, the late head mistress of the Hount Gambier School, who attended in person to support her claim to £20 16s. 8d., her salaiy for the month of June, which the head master, Mr. McArtbur, reported he paid to her beforehand. Mr. McArthur was also in attendance and produced cheques and documentary proofs of his view of the case. The evidence was very conflicting, and revealed a state of bookkeeping which retlected no credit on either party. Mrs. O'Shannassy became so excited and indecorous that the President of the Council threatened to vacate the chair, and in one instance actually did so and nearly left the room. At the close of tbe long and liveh' — though painful —enquiry Mrs. O'Shancassy intimated her intention to sue the Council in a Court of L»w. In the coarse of a long cross-examination she admitted re ceiving one or trro account3 not do.Tn on her statement of accounts, bnt she indignantly denied the charge of receiving anything on behalf of the Jvne salary and then repudiating it. WooDvnzE Wesletas Sunday-School. — Te3 and public meetings in connection with the anniversary of the Woodville Wesleyan Sunday school were held on Mondiy, August 12. At the open gathering, Mr. E. Butler, Superintendent of the School presided, and there was a large attendance. Mr. Lawrence read the reports, which were satisfactory both in a financial and numerical sense. Addresses were delivered by Mr. J. C. Minna and the Rev. J. Haslam, Pastor of the Circuit. The Victor Harbour Breakwater. — We understand that Mr. John Robb is the success- ful tenderer for the extensive works to be prosecuted at Victor Harbour at a total sum of £107,457 17s. 101. The breakwater is to cost £96,185 18s. 10d. and the jetty £11,371 10s. ItimroBD's Ghost Esteictaxsmkst. — There was a good attendance at White's Rooms on Monday evening, when Mr. J. H. Rainford pre sented a new phantasmagorical entertainment for the first time in Adelaide. Notwithstanding seme defects in the management of the lights and other difficulties which are inseparable from the first presentation of such illusions this pirt of the entotainment was fairly successful. The illusions seem to be produced by the application of a similar principle to that of Pepper's ghoit. The majority of the phantoms were very clearly defined, and it is certain that all persons present who were unacquainted with the mystery must have believed that the figures which were macit-uvring on the stage before thim were real human beings and not reflected ircages of them. The first part of the tnttrtainuient, entitled ' Temptation, or tha Adventures of Hubert de Burgh,'' served to iitioduce a num'-jtr of apparitions repre senting individuals who by seducive arts endeavour to tempt Hubert from the fulfil ment of a sacred trust. He is, however, p: oof against them, and is rewarded for his fidelity by the appearance of a beautiful phantom of bis future wife. The illusion of the phantom Chiisty minstrels is a marvellous one. The audience are intently watching the actions of three human images in ebony, but quite un expectedly they aie transformed into a trio of hoary-headed venerable old men who continue to cany on tlie grotesque antics of the minstrels who were previously before th» audience. With the rapidity of a lightning flash they vanish from the scene, and the coloured folks reappear in their former positions. The last part of the entertainment, however, was decidedly the be:t. The eccentric movements of a Mephistophelian looking demon, a witch, and another ghost who appear scaling walls with the agility of monkeys on the limb of a tree, and then hover in tbe air executing most intricate twinings acd intertwinings, formed a spectral vision which conld not but astonish and at the same time please the audience. The vocal efforts of the members of the company were anything but entertaining. Tbe substitu tion of sparkling dialogues would much improve the entertainm*nt. Miss Amy Horton must be excluded from this general remark. Her serio comic singing was well appreciated by the audience. The entertainment is one which must be seen to be thoroughly understood ; at any race a very inadequate idea of it can be con veyed thropgh the medium of a short notice like this. It is to be repeated this evening. WooDvnLB iHSTrnrrE.— The talent of the Adelaide Liedertafel was exercised at a concert on Monday night, August 12, given on behalf of the newly established Institute at Woodville. His Worship the Muyor of Port Adelaide (Mr. D. Bower) presided, and an excellent selection of muaic was ably rendered. The programme opened with a chorus, which was succeeded by a tenor song — 'The Message'— by Mr. Oelminn. A quartette, ' Grom Co,' preceded a reading by Mr. J. B. Blair. ' The Image of the Rose' was nicely sur-g by Mr. Oelmann, and Mr. F. H.. Otto gave ' In happy moments.' The Lieder-: tafel produced 'Das einsam Boslem,' after, which Mr. H. Christen rendered ' The Village Blacksmith.' The 'Frogs' Cantata' was the last item of an enjoyable bill of fare. The merits of the entertainment as well as the. object deserved a full instead of a half -filled; house, but the audience atoned for its smallness' by manifesting a warm appreciation of the efforts made to ensure success. Kehostsb Accident.— The Port Augusta Dis patch of August 10 -writes : — :t On Tuesday List an accident occurred at Mr. I. Coventry's store in Commercial-road — an accident which one might have naturally expected to result in tbe burning down of the premises, and probably others adjoining to it ; but which, fortunately, did little or no damage. It appears that in the front of the shop, under the verandah, Mr. Coventry had a tin of kerosine which had been opened, ard it is supposed that some of the children were playing with it and set fire to it, when it exploded with a report like that of a gun, ard the tin was rent asurder into two pieces, while the flaming liquid spread around in all directions; but, by the assistance of several persons who were quickly on the spot, the fire was extinguished imuerliately. This should act as a caution to persons against leaving kerosine where it is exposed to such accident, and we believe that the regulations under the Eercsine Act of 1S73 make it an illegal act to dc so, or if it does not it certainly should.' The New Wool Bates. — We quote tha fol 'owiDg from the Riverine Herald of August 7 : — ' There appears to have been a misapprehension as to the relative charges per bale of road and river borne wool under the recently issued scale of rates. The scale distinctly states that the rate per bale carried over 100 miles and up to 100 (within which distance the journey from Echuca to Melbourne would be classed) is to be 2d. for every five miles or part of five miles. This -would make the charges per bale from Echuca 5s. 4J., from which 6d. is to be deducted for New South Wales wool delivered by team or railway at the Victorian Border terminus ; but the scale is a graduated one, commencing with distances of 30 miles and under, and ranging in five divisions up to 160_ miles, and with that desire to conduct its business in the manner least likely to be understood by the public the department makes a separate calcu lation for each district, and then adds the lot together. By this process the charge is made to amount to 7s. per bale, or 8s. 8d. net, after deduct ing the allowance made for New South Wr les wool brought across the bonier by land carriage. For river-bome wool the charges are the same as last »eason, namely, 5a. per bale for that brought to Ec'uuca from any station on the Murray below Wentworth and from any station on the Darling or its tributaries, and 5s. 9d. for wool brought from between Wentworth and Ihe Wakool Junction and from any station on tbe Murrumbidgee or its tributaries. It will be seen therefore that the complaint that the river trade was unfairly handicapped by the new rates is not founded on fact; but in justice to those who rrade the com plaint it must be stated that out of about a i core of experts who very keenly scrutinized the new by-law upon its first publication not one hit upon the ingenious device by which the traffic branch of the department was so successful iu concealirjg its meaning from the public.' Thb RrvEE Tradb.— The Minister of Railways in Sydney, in reply to a deputation who recently waited upon him to urge a reduction in the railway rates of carriage from Wagga Wagga, in the course of his speech made the following remarks : — ' He was going to put the merchants of Sydney in a position to be able to compete fairly for the trade of that district. It was a district of this colony, and they have never had a fair opportunity to trade with the capital of their own country. All that has been done for that district has been to work the trade away from the capital of this colony; we had spent large sums of money in clearing the rivers to tnable Melbourne and Adelaide to take the ?w hole of that trade from us. Well, we woald try and push the railways through that part of the country as fast as could possibly be done. He bad been informed by a gentleman up there, who was interested in Melbourne, and had done the whole of his business in Melbourne, that they would have been glad to deal with Sydney, and would be glad now to do it, but they are handicapped by capitalists from Victoria. Well, where the capital was got, there the interest must go, and there the power was. He hoped that our merchants and bankers would see the necessity for giving the same facilities to the people of that district as they have been giving to other districts of New South Wales. The carrying firms were alive to it, and were doing it. It was the carrying firms, and not the Government, that had taken the trade to Melbourne, and our carrying firms would do a greit deal to bring the trade here. He remembered some years ago, when in the West, hearing that the firm of Dalton Brothers, of Oracce, had done a great deal to draw the trade this way, and had tab. a much of it from Melbourne and Adelauie, by pushing their carriers out into the outlying districts, and taking the wool in. He thanked those gentle men for their energy and industry, and if it was in his power he would do more than thank them. He believed, as he had already said, that we should get 15,000 bales of wool this season from the Wegga district, unless we are checkmated by capital. It is not carrying, for we can carry as cheaply as they.' Professor Smite's Case. — The case of Pro fessor Smith, who has been before the Church Courts in Scotland for more than two years, charged with promulgating opinions in his article on the Bible, published in the last edition of the ' Encyclopjedia Britannica,' con tradictory to the Westminster Confession, has at length been remitted by the Free Church Assembly back to the Presbytery of Aberdeen, to be dealt with in accordance with the laws of the Church, and the Presbytery will consider the whole matter in September. The libel, how ever, has been considerably altered since it was first brought before the Assembly, and nwny of the members of the Presbytery intimate that the alterations have placed them in such a posi tion that they scarcely know how to act. Thb Post Ires. — Tbe new tioie-t&Ue; came into force on the Port line on Monday, August 12, and through trains ran from Adelaide to the Semaphore and tt« versa. At first sight the table appears formidable, for the traini no longer start from the Port la the time ? hrfcoured fashion at the hour or half hour, but at oid minutes. However, it will be found that trains start simultaneously from Adelaide and the Semaphore every tbree-quaru.-rs of an hoar, a few exceptions excluded. Whether it will p*y the department to run a heavy train through to the Semaphore at certain times when tbe passen gers to the beach as may be expected are very few remains to be seen, but it is to be hoped that the alteration is the dawn of an era of im provement in the management of the much abased Semaphore line. The Loft Truss of Israel— A meeting of the Association formed to promote enquiry into the above subject was held in tbe Flinders street Baptist Lecture Hall on Monday evening, August 12, There was a fair attendance of members and enquirers. A paper was read by Mr. W. H. James upon the Eastern Question ; and rcore especially touching Lord Bciconsfield's position and policy, the drift of which ma to show that he as an Israelite of the Tribe of Jndah was fulfilling his destiny in leading the whole House of Israel (the Twelve Tribes) to. their own possession of the land of Palestine. Mr. A. O. Chambers then read a paper in sup port of the theory that the keeping of the Lord's Day l-y the British nation and Americans was a sign of their Israelitish descent, quoting Exodus xxxi. 17 — ' It in a sign between me and the children of Israel for ever ' —and calling special attention to the fact that the English, American,' ard Colonial exhibitors at the Paris Exhibition wtre cot in attendance, and covered over their show-cases on the Lord's Day, much to the dis gust of the French newspaper editors. A portion of a very interesting pamphlet by Canon Brown rigg, of St. John's Church, Launceston, Tas mania, advocating the Anglo-Israelitish theory, was then read by Mr. P. J. Merchant. A number of these present then gave in their names to the Secretary to be enrolled as members of the Association. SrpREMB Court Sittings.— Their Honors the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Stow sat in Banco on Monday, August 12, bnt the business set down on the paper was adjourned till the next sitting of the Court, which was fixed for the following Monday. The Equity Court was then held, and the Chief Justice heard ft formal motion in re the District Councils Act, 1878, and the District Council of Poit Elliot. There after Mr. Justice Stow presided, when a petition for the payment of money out of Court in the matter of the claim of Wm. Inglis and the Education Act and the Lands Clauses Consoli dation Act was presented and dealt with. His Honor reserved judgment, and the Court ad journed till Monday next. - Dbath by DRO-wmira.— The Hay Standard states that on Saturday, August 3, the mate of tie Pioneer, Mr. John Store, fell overboard 10 miles down stream from Naxanders, and was di owned. It appears that when about putting , off, the tow-rope caught the lid of the hatch way, throwing it into the river, and the unfor tunate man in leaning over the side of the steamer to endeavosr to secure it overbalanced himself and fell into the water. Directly the accident occurred the lifebuoy was thrown to him and two boats weut to the rescue, but after swimming a short time, before he could be saved, be, with the weight of clothes, and it is supposed cramp, sank and was not seen again to rise. The captain and crew did their best in trying to find the body, but without avail. Direct Taxation. — In speaking of Mr. Bou caut's proposal to levy an income tax, tbe .Sydney Morning Herald writri :—' Every year that passes is making it more clear that the time is at hand when in each of these colonies direct taxation will have to be resorted to, whether it be for the purpose of enlarging the revenue or for that of readjusting the burdens of the jcople. In Victoria but a short time has prised between Sir James McCulloch's first move in this direction acd the actual imposition of a land tax under Mr. Berry. In New Zea land, quite recently, the idea of introducing a properly tax was s\ Dken of by the Treasurer for the time being as one that ould very well b3 dismissed for the preieut. The necessity tor such an impost wheu it should arrive would bs a disagreeable necessity ; but it had not arrived, and bis policy was not to meet trouble halfway. Now, however, the introduction ot a land tax is part of the Treasurer's financial scheue. In South AusU-alia an income tax is proposed, as we have seen ; and sooner or later the people of New South Walts and Queensland will be eDgaged in the practical consideration of one or other of these forms of taxation. If Mr. Faxnell be right, the time is not distant when th^ collapse of the land sales revenue will compel as in this colony to cast about for a substitute. And it will be well if the public mind should become familiar with the prospect, so that when the time for action comes both Parliament and the country may be prepared to act with delibc ? ration and sound judgment.' Theatrical Gossip. — Thu San Francisco correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, writing under date July 8, furnishes the following items of theatrical gossip ; — ' During holiday week the three theatres have done a good business. The Grand Opera-house was thrown open on the 4th to take advantage of the national holi day, and made a profitable spurt. George Rignold is in his second week of ' Henry V.' at the California, and is crowding the house. The new engagements in New York for this theatre are Miss Gussie De Forest for leading lady, and Miss Mary Prescott, juvenile. Miss De Forest takes Miss Eleauor Carey's place, about whose plans for the future reports are contra dictory. Some say she wishes to rei,urn to Aubtralia, but the more probable report is that she will shortly be married to a young broker named Livingstone, who has long felt a ttndresse for the fair Australian, and has abundant fortune. The lady has recently recovered from a severe illness. Mr. Joseph Jefferson played a brilliant engagement of four weeks at the California, devoting most of the time to 'Kip Van Winkle.' At Baldwin's Mr. Joseph Murphy has appeared in Irish drama with but limited success. The piece is calltd ' Kerry Gow.' Murphy is making furangements for a professional tour of Australia and New Zealand, but will not leave for iive or six months yet. Mr. John E. Owens announces that he will shortly set out on a two years' professional tour of the world, and so take fare well of stage life. You will therefore h*ve au opportunity of seeirg this favourite Americau comedian in Melbourne. Mr. Henry Edwards, formerly of Melbourne, has disconnected him self with the Californian Theatre, and will shortly leave the State for Boston, where he joins the leading theatre urlerthenianagement of Mr. Orlando Tompkini. Previous to his departure a grand farewell complimentary l*enefit will be given. His entomological collec tion has been sold to the University of Cali fornia for S12.UC0. Mr. Fred Lyster is still manager of Baldwin's. A little trouble arose between that theatre and the California a few weeks ago concerning Sardou's new play, 'Diplomacy.' Maguire, who is now in Europe, claimed to have bought the piece ; but French (for whom Coppin is agent in Melbourne) opposed to this claim proofs of 'proprietary right,' having bought the piece in MS. It was thought at one time there would be legal war ; but French's claim was too strong to be contro verted, and Baldwin's management gracefully yielded the joint. This theatre will bring oat * The Octoroon' to-night in a style of excep tional splendour ; at least, we are so promised. Mim Emilie Melville returned from the Eastern States on the 7th inst. She will imme diately orgatize an opera-bouffe company for the colonies.' The Rev. Charles Clark. — This gentleman will this evening give his lecture on 'West- minster Abbey' at Glenelg in aid of the funds of the local Institute Building Fund. The lecture that was to have been given at the Port to-morrow evening is postponed till Friday, and Mr. Clark's Northern tour will not be began until Monday next. The Sheardjo Season.— Seventy shearers were dispatched by the Magnet on Sitordiy to Fowler's and Streaky Bays. They were selected by J. Kemp Penney to the order of Messrs. R. B. Smith and Swan. Thb Ceres. — Attention is directed to the alteration of the day on which this steamer will for the future leave Port Adelaide, namely, Wednesdays instead of Tuesdays. The altera tion commences to-morrow. Bcst of Sir William Jebvois.— Mr. George Craig, sculptor, has shown ua an excellent bust of Sir Wm. Jervois, cast in plaster from a good photographic likeness. The bast is about half life-eize, and will no doabt be appreciated by the numerous friend* of EG* Excellency. 