A Terrible Time. A NEW ZEALAND STROY. BY ROBERT P. WHITWORTH. "WE live this life, travelling over a broader or narrower ledge, between two vast abysses—the past and the future. Of the past abyss we know something what we are taught, not of our own knowledge or experience; of the futuro abyss, nothing. Iβ the present life the bo all and the end all? ? Is it, as roligion teaches ua, a niero precursor, a sttto of probation to another and a novor ondin? life? Or is it, as the ancients taught, step _ in the nevor ending staircase of .. time, one rung in tho ladder reaching to eternity ? Who knows P Lot schoolmen, argue as they may, they are Jstill no nearer the groat truth. And yet, for the bofctor comprehension of the somewhat mar vellous story I am about to tell, it is neoees&ry;'to raise the question. ? Wttsita dream P Neither at tho time ?when tho incidents I shall relate took plaoe, nor now, do I know. I never oould remember droaining such a dream. Or was it one of thoJβ dim perceptions of a past stato of being which' somotimos; rarely though, occur to us, whoii. wo see a plaoe for tbe first tim.3, and yet which seems etrangely familiar ' when wo perform an aofc whioh recalls a mysterious and imperfect memory of having done the same thing before P Spiritism, and other eimilar supernatural mountebankory, I ignore; witohoraft, and its attendant diablerie, I dospiso. . I would aooount for the phonomena by natural laws alone. And yet I oannot. ?Nor is this a ghost story, or a record ofithewild imagininga of a fevered or diseased miud. It is tho truth, strange and weird as may eeom some of iU sur roundings, tho siinplo truth. . . It was in tho early part of December, 1864, that I, Philip Itossey, started from our camp ou tho Shotovor river for the llolyneux township, or, as it is now called, Cromwoll, in order to. sell some gold, and to bring back some stores, of whioh wo should soon bo in need. I was one of a party of four, who had worked together at many of the diggings in New South "Walos and Victoria, aud wlibliad beon about a year in Now Zoaland, located on Cariniohaol's Crook, near the head of tho Shotover, and undor the lofty Mount Hyde, a apur of tho Harris mountains. ""We wero niuoh furtbor up the river than most of tho diggers, and were located in one of tho wildest spots in that wild and almost inaccessible region. Our workings were on tho aide of a not very large torrace, on the crock, shut, in noa'rly all round by precipitous cliffs'and mountains, covored with hugo timber. "Wild as was tho landscape, there was iv savage yet gorgeous beauty in it, in the summer, whon the ratu flower blazed in its crimson glory on tho Lill-sidoi; uud in the winter, whon.- the suonr- fiolds-glistened in tho sunshine, or the black - birch- forest , wept in the'-rain storms of that 'glooniy' region. .",'?.'. ! ???',?? ?':'?,,?.'j .','? ../ It was a. wild free life, an. pra in.a man: a existeiico, which, , bnco'jra£perien,oodi-can never bo' forgotten-—a'ilfe,the.imeuiory of which,' bombs : back; with ?' straugo yearning years after j;'and when, a mail may havo settled Sown.', in.to ( a. utaid, mechanical ? rato-prnying juorohant, lawr yer, do'otbr,' or 'wh,at lifo .witbali of. uncertainty, of' hardship,.of, constant peril-—-peril' of wuteriiwhon, the raging Hoods camb boiling and- sorcaming'down Itho gorges, bearing hugo -trues,- boulders, liyi and ?100 often) Itumau , beings, onw*rd in their rosistlqss' force. AVho, tea for gotten ' tho.. tinib ..whon,. .tho . whole" of. the 'part of the- Molyheux valley: - was .aupiuergdd,. iwlion;: llftoon. men woro -thoia the throe brothers.-' lij-nbhl' - Perils. ? ot' landj as when tho entire..side of ; iv . hill tumbled bodily into Shotovor, bury ing I know not, nor was it lovbr kno>vn, how many unfortunate , diggers, iu.;oh'e gigantic tomb. " Perils of' starvation of being shut'up by.thb'snqw.as.'iu' a huge prison., .Perilsironitne knife and pUtol-; shot of tho skulking.'thief>.and assassin, or tho rnthlwje bushranger.*" lA'wilu, free, dariug, Bplie'mian poor, td- inorrow. Iribh," and' yet; 'iwith, all 'its hardships, ite'cold,' its,'.wet," itji.-tbil, so often fruitless toil,-.who; haying once lived it, would hot gladly live it again P" As, I said, I started; from injr oamp for Oromwoll to sell .our .'gold : and. get supplies. "Wo woro ou a good J spot, "aud nad got over v hundred- ounces,:and ?were of courso in high spirits' at -our luck. Passing our camp; ut v distance of a quarter of a mile, was tho ,rbgular packors' track down tho' Shotovor by tho Arrow and Lakoi.Hayes,. and so down tho Kawarau gorgo, but this, the regular road, I had determined ?not to take,' partly because tliit weather was fine nnd promised to Tiold up, and the snow, had not yet. began to molt and bo flbpd.i the ; crooks, and partly bi'causu therej, were some suspicious characters lower down* the rivor whom it would be lie avoidi/iHid Wlfp/hnd they seen megping, would, pe< hiipe,'"-have guessed my errand. Thtro was a blazed track leading over a saddle in the. Harris ruiigo; —ruuuil tha bciid—of-th?—Arrow, across tho Motatapu and the Cordrona, over the shoulders of Mount Pisa and so -I?tU tUu aiolyuuuv tallny itud uu to Oium well, a track which two of ray muted had been over.although I had not, and which. they pronbuneedlquifce r iafo and, easy I to find and keep. The distauoo. was some fifty miloa;'and although, thoiway; was rough' I -might ?easily' So' it- in' two days. ? . ..-.'.? iWo had sat up'rather late the night ? proyioua to [arrangfngwhat ntbras.l ?TM to -purchiui^, .what money to, deposit in tUb hitntc/ and so on, and when. I'./aud, my. 'ient-uiate,,. George' Moseley,. ' rose-, to 'turn inY.it, wa? nearly ten' o'clock,, and a': cold,; clear,, 'culm, cloudleqi night...jNot a sound, was, |to bo heard,, except the hoarse, but nptj unmeloidiotu hum, of, the creek over, its.. sbingfo.buiL were, bothstruck with', the, beauty ..of; the scene, and George, who; was, some what poeticalj.was.just remark-,, ing bii the almost unearthly lovc-linesfot, the,glistening Blaoier-claddoubleipealcbf' Mount, Auruiu,! which? soars aloft in, thej \yest,) when, X ; suddenly interrupted, hinv, with)f; Hush.! ,what was,that l" ; "V li,.- " ..-"Wβ 'stopped and JUtened.' Notasound:', save the inurmnringstreamand the queril- , lousj piping of-,the ?distant, kiwi.*. And, yet (1. qouia. JUavo, sworn I heard, the, crackling of - twigs!' as, if a ;had; trodden onrthemat the roar of the tent I darted quickly round, but no, nothing. I .went.a; few. stops into the. bush, but. still nothing;"either to see or hear, and I roturuod, , fancying I must havo been, ?niistakon.,, 'George, laughingly, said he eupposod.it. was a kakapo+, or a ka-< ; ia, feeding],on.,tho tutu} berries, and,, five turned into our bunks,, thinking "no . more of tlio matter. ." ( I ;Next morniuglwasupatdaybreak, had breakfast, humped my swag, and was ft way before, the boll birds had ceased thair morning hymn. Tlio gold I had safely soourod in my bolt, my compass \v<ie in mypocket, and. my faithful Der ringer hung nt my hip. llt was, a glorioui morning. Nothiug I j have ever soon can compare, for gorgeous colouring, for bright yet aoloinu 'boa'uty v > with]a summor. suuiuo in the .. Juountoin, district of New Zealand. Far Aboyo "the., dim . blue gray haze that iriy.olopes the earth, shoot into the upper air'the;pure white soalps of ; tho glacier topped peaks, whioh staud in confused profusion on every hand. Then slowly tho dull sky is striped with' flakes of purplo turning to rod and amber, and thon to-floods. as;o£ molten, gold. The ; whitb ib'e peaksand snow fields are, tinted ?' with a delicate pink—the pink of tho nautilus, which creeps apace down the ? slope, glinting brightly on tho sharp and' .-turning-' the;.i dark 'i shadows into rich \\. purple. Then up Springs the sun from his vast bath in the far away ' bast, "and ' peak overlapping beak, glittering like souttet-ed masses of diamond, .spring into huge tongues of prismatic flre : ."-" '?'.'. : ; '?;'?'"..?:.,.;.?.".??, '?? Such, a scene as this I/saw on *_ that | early December morniii?, as 11< skirted Mount Hyde, with: the giant Motatapa- I in my left shoulder, 'forcing ;my;', way. . thfbUEth the tangle of "supple-jack, 1 fern:'' and, flax,' of .the",' low- lying.bush,"; and,: then up, up through the thiok red blos somed ratu, the dark birch and maple; and.'. the bright-loaved veronica, and still up, \ over the' bods of moss,'box ?soriib-and ; snow grass, to. the bare summit of.' : the ?.. saddle, 0000 : feet high. Then, .what. :a viowl Far away in. the north-weati-thaV/ dazzling glaciers of Mounts Earnslau, ; 9000 ft., and Anpiring, IOiOOOft, 'iiialti- ?"' tude, and.Jirpund on. eyory' hand a vast ~ soaof mountains; of every possible variety of shape and ruggedness,: the olotids :' and mist floated fur beneath ? mc. ? The , prospect was most bewildering, and even '; to niy practised oye the: possibility. _of n recognising any particular..; mountain, ;.. exoopttho?o.wifch which'X: was familiar, r; soomed almost nopeless. '?' ????? ? " ?-'~- ; TJp to within a few hundred feet-,of; v ihe ? summit. there had' beeni, a clearly ; , defined andwell blazed track, for it \ras one frequently used by travellers between ', tho Shotover and the TJpper Arrpw- and , Cardrowa . diggings, but ?at the ??'pofoP; whore I stood ? thero was fnothuig , but :-> .. bare rooki and therefore nought to,guide mc to: the next timber. ?Stilllkne>vrthatv my course was nearly due east; and I could seo' tho ? Motatapu river : rushing norths ward: at. the' foot of the/mountain' a ?: couple of thousand feet below mc. "With out a moment's hesitation, therefore, I ? descended, after consulting myoorapass, . making in tho'direotioii of adistant lofty mountain,.whiah, from its rounded; top, ,? I took to be Mount Pisa." : I soon reaohod the timber, but: was quite unable to ftnd any sign of the traok, although I must, have lost-many miles, by, travelling ma. eig-xag dire'btibn in'order, to recover the . blazed line. Cloarly I was .TOff.rmy courao, but ?;that caused mc -no un easiness, as thoeountry, although ruggen, was open', and lavus trayelling.eastward. ; By übon I' had. loft; tho'Tasf Umber behind mc, had crossed; the Motatapu and several other smaller streams, and hoped to oroes ? the .Oardrowa ore, night fall. 'But as X'adyanced further into .the 'solitudes the oountry grew more md moro ruggod, and more than once.l had ito retrace-iny steps.- At hist after ?climbing the? shoulder'of a lofty ; hiU, ; which I ??' afterwards-' learnt was oallqd- Middle Peak, I ytui. brought :to. a dead, standstill by: orrivHiig at the odge of a prooipioe, overlooking a deep,- rooky mvine', surrounded, so. far as I oould see, by'iriaocessible cliffs. ~ , ? ? . . Howevorunpleasant, there was notuuig. for it but to turn back and try another route..') Somotiinee. sliding,-sometimes scrambling, I arrived at the foot of the range, and skirting 1 it, found myself-at tho entrance of a wide gorge or,.,donle, betwoeu : two , lofty walls of ; precipitous rook. As I entered the gloomy portals iv singular foeling of apprehension stole ovor mo, a vaguo' seneatioh of dread of something, I know not what. .'.. '?? ,; Besides, the place seemed- strangely familiar. I had certainly novor been there before,- aud yot I found myself unconi eciously rocogniiiin'g tho various fqatures of the socno, tho-cloavagb rock, the position, of W huge houldor; the direo tion of a dry :-tvateroourso,^.and-other circumstances,' oven to matters of ? detiui: Tho further I advanced the more familiar did tho'place boobnio, and,.l. Jountt myself intuitivoly following what sepmea to. bo .a ; praotioable JTOUto hugo and piled- up masses;' of ;f!" len Where, or how, or when, obuld I have seen this place .'.before ?. or even ? A-iV(.—Tho Aptoryi. * ?wW l '*' Wnl.tf N,w J !%??.—V polxmouii pUnt, fatj to ???L ih? Urriet. . ? ? ?-. -...: ,?.-?.? ??;-.? ..': SV"':? . ?''" ? ??'?.?. any place like it? I carried my memory back to the places I had been in. ? .To the chuuie and gullies: of New- South Wales and Gippsland, the ravines of Shoalhayen and the Blue Mountains;, and; the Murray Gates.'. Further back to the canons and quebradas of Mexioo. Still further,.;to the mountain.passes in Derbyshire .and Wales. No,, nothing like this,'any of them. '.???; Could J haTO:droanit it? , It seeuiod impossible Wus I dreaming now ? No, I was wide- awake, and bvery sense on tho alert.:; Was it, glamour? Pshaw, non sense ; besides, -the holders .and:-masses. ofibroVen rook were, real, as I could feel. I paused irresolute for a- moment, but,' although! my heart was knocking at my . ribs and my whole frame shivering with a nameless terror, something seetnoil to impel mc onward, as if I. wore seeking something-; .but know not what. -Yet there, appo&rod; to be something laokiug. : Tho place was the same as L seemed* to have-seen-before and yet different.-.'l soon kneW.how.j Even an ? I thought, a gentle" sough of wind sighed down the . ravine,',the sky darkened, a light rain began to'fall, and, as is frequently the cose in ? these' mountain districts,"' a' thunder storm* peal on peal roverborating amidst the'.solitndes. .with' a hideous clang. 'That was it. If I'knew the place before, how much bettor did I : know it now, for every flash of lightning, every burst of thunder, seemed to be merely the reflex of what had been soared into my bruin at some remote period, ages ago, perhaps. And with _all, -and through all, came a vaeruo consciousness,' an idea which I could not form into shape, of crime, a dim. foreshadowing of terrible evil. Still, and although I would fain have retraced.my path, an invisible power forced mo forward in my search for tho mysterious something of which I knew nothing, but which. I had 'a pre sentiment I should find; '??'??'?'???'?;?::" At last it came. Tho gorge or chasm down, which I was prooeoding grew narrower and still more narrow, more gloomy and savage, until it oponod out into;, β-jiearly ciroular pit, perhaps a hundred yards across. xos,' there was what I 'sought, and , my heart: gave a bound of terror as I reeognUod it. To my left, and not twenty yards from mc, , yawned tho mouth of a wide-oaverh in the rooky, wall. Gladly -would I have fled from tho .spot, but my trembling limbs still bore mc onward. I was fosci- i nated, and passed within. Yes;;exaotly; the same. In the dim half light I could distinguish tho charrod embers in the makeshift fireplace, tho huge block of stone that sorved for a table, tho smallor bouldors that had been placed as seats. The floor was covorod with a kind of fine shinglo of disintegrated . granite and quartz, but here and thero were patches aud splashes of block, which I felt were the stains left by human blood. ; Had this thon boon ono of the sacrod caverns of au extinct tribe of Maories, and these stones their sacrificial altars ? No, no, a thousand times. noV-.'.'-I knew, I had the conviction burning in my very soul, that those stains were tho signs of a still moro terrible crime. ? . ? But whatcrirae? I seemed to have a oousoiousuess,- a dim, faded out, aud yet ghastly reoollootion of one—whether as." a spectator, or as one concernod, I could not tell. Whether, as I have said, it was< merely the iudistinot remembrance off a; dream, I did not ? kuowj but that there 1 ; was more beyond I ' felty assured.. s I looked round the cavern'fearfully, as if.. I expected my " eyo? to be blasted with anew gorgou." The' thunder rolled sullonly without, the : wind soreamod down tho gorge in fitful gusts, and the rain fell with a constant .and' dismal .plash, but all within was as still as the grave.". The cavern narrowed off at its extremity into a kind of natural gallery, Svhioh again shot off into two openings, or inner caves, and into tho lefthaud ono 'of these I folt that I must go. I went, slowly, cautiously, ? unwillingly, step after unwilling step, ovec that rooky floor, until I entorod: Then my dream, or foreboding, or forekuowlodge—call it what you will—was out. There, prono on the ground, lay the skelotons of two men. .The hones and some vestiges of ;; clothing, were there ; the rats had done ivth'exest.'".----.': .'"? ' '...'.-..'.'-...?? ??'.:-'" wild soroaui of horror I turnod and fled, the outer cave ? seeniod to spin round mo in a mad whirl, and I must have fainted. V .'.-.. . When I recovered consciousness, the . storm was over, but it was growing dark. I sat up on the floor and tried to ? oolloct my thoughts. Suddenly I remembered where I was—what I had seen—and I . sprung to my feet in order to rush from tho accursed; epo't. I had almost reached the entranoe, when. I was suddenly startled Vand stoppod'by. hearing tho voices as of men in loud, dispute coming down the gorge. My first impulse was to hail them, but it as suddenly flashed across my mind that I was, alone, and that I had a valuable lot of gold in my bolt, and what could -honost nion bo doing in on out-of-the-way place like this? True, they' might, like myself, have lost their way;-still it was better to be safe. I was' armed, and if—groat heavens 1 I all; at romeuiberod I had, a woek before,. taken my revolver to piooes for the purpose of cleaning it, had found the ? centre ;pin_ somewhat worn, and had put it on one side, intend ing to have sent it down to.Dunodin to be repaired, and had put thoMmporfoct, and . consequently .-useless ..instrument back into the case and forgotten all about it. I was unarmed.' What was to bo done ? -. '?' ; ' ''??-. ". Shuddering as I passed tho loft hand cavity, I darted into the right hand ono. I found myself in what aoomodto be a narrow passage or gallorj;,'sloping up ward, so far as I could distinguish in the semi-darkness,.iuto.,the' rooky heart of the mountain. Stumbling over the un even floor, I proceeded'" about a dozen yards forward, when, further ingress was blocked .up by a huge mass.of granite, which, seemed to have been, rent from tho roof by some -.oonvulsion. :of nature. Crouching behind a .large, fragment of stono, I stopped and listened. '?"' Presently, I heard tho tramp of -fqotstops entering the outer cavsr"arid'the "voices"of men loud in , ' disputd.H ? Tho dome-like ? roof caused-th'e'Voices'to have a , singular -dis sonant 'sound,"and -yet, in common with what"! hnrva seen'Of thb- gorge and' the cavern,';'they "appeared to be,' ; in some rem6lq' : 'nittWneri :i familuirj:- not 'only the voices 'themselves, , ?but the conversation;' which , I'sebnwid v to 'have.'heard 1 ; before.; It "waii not'quito'dark-yot/'-andj as I peered* downward Jirom' > behind my niding-placo, Tsaw four truculent- look ing ruffians ; throe of them soatod oh the bonlders'T ! havo- mentioned, and' the fourth lighting a fire with a heap' 6f; " Wild" Irishman.* Two of '? them:l . knew; they belonged to the party camped lowur down the Shotover than- we were; the other.two were strangers. : They, werer a t_ high words, and' the oaths and blamphoiny with -which their ?'"Wild Irishman," a'-lirieklr tilunt Krowinif Ja , thotpiUicof Ihl* trtilew mJSL "it!U &K;>d Mluel braintatsudjtUieniathwediitilst*. V ? language was interlarded -were ; terrible to hear. At first loould not .catch their cbnvenation, but, as they calmed down somewhat, I .soon found that I was the subject of it. .'The one who 'spoko most bad a slight impediment ? in his .speech, and him. I recognised ? as a suspicious character, known'as Stuttering-Harry, a recent importation- from Victoria, who, if-report spoke truth, was not entirely unacquainted with the interior arrange menU of Pentridge. ?"'?.. -" I tell you I heer'd 'im plain enough arrange to start .this inornin', an , to jro by the Mount' Harris track: Very well, that's thb Mount Harris truck, ain't it f and there ain't no other." ;" Maybe ho might, have passed' us," suggested'another of the ruffians. ."Patsy Carroll, you always was a fool,' , - was the savage retort.' " How could he vpoes'Us ? -Didn't wo wait for him .at the ' South Branch ford since mornin', and he oouldn't git accost any— where else, could he ?" : " ?-? . ? '?Maybo he wint'th , - other way, or maybe he didn't start at all," persisted the one addressed as Patsy Carroll. - "Maybe- this,.'maybe.that," was the reply. "I'toll you I was.'list'nin' oiit side the .tent for half-an-hour, and heard it all. A hundred ouncos he was to take, to oomo this way and no other, and to start attunriae.''? -. This. ;thon acoounted for tlie footfall I had heard, behind the tent the previous night. ; ; -',--'vv. v -, : .-,??-?. :,*>.-;.;?-.-.;-. .iTroui their- further conversation, X found that they had started from their aaiiip at midnight, and had -waylaidme ata narrow passnoar the fordof thoMototapu; their object being not only robbery, but murder. : They - had waited for mc all day, and had oomo for shelter to'the cave at night, believing that I had got bushed and had oamped, and knowing thatlniust pass that way next day. I learnt,- too, that this place, whioh was a quarter of a mile or so off tho track, was a haunt of theirs, and that the remains I had seen in the other, ohamber Wore those of two of thoir viotims; their rulo being to spare no one ivhoni they robbed, but to take both gold andlife. : , . . : What an escape I had had, or, rather, had-1 escaped at all f No doubt they would leave early in the inorning, so as to be ready for ine, as they thought, at the ford, but how was I to pass the night '?'? I did not dare move, and my constrained position began to weary mc. Had I not better make a dash; for it. Nonsense-; thoy wore all armed to tho teeth, and I wus defenceless. As I thought, my eyos had , become a -little more acoustoinod to tho darkness, and I saw on my left hand what seemed to bo a narrow opening in tho rooky wall. ; : ;., As I strained my eyes to poar into the gloom, I slightly altorod my position, aud, in doing so, moved a stono, -which rolled noisily down tho passage into tho mam oavo. In an instant every man was -on his feet. They stood for a second, and thon with a wild yell, rushed for the gallery where I was. Unhesi tatingly, and without a thought of con sequences, I darted into the opening on my loft, and plunged madly forward into the thiok darkness, regardless of falls over the "rough footway, or bruises against ; the .jagged walls. One, two, three pUtol shots wero sent after mc, and I heard tho flullota flatten against tho rook, but I was not hit.' Deeper, and- still deopor into the unutter-' able blaokness I fled, along a tortuous path, sometimes to m.y right, then to my loft, feeling my way with bleeding hands aud arms. : ' At last, completely fagged with my exertions, I stopped to rest and to listen. Not a souud. I had rushed: madly on, I know not how far, into'the bowels of the mountain. It was enough that Iwas for the present, beyond, pursuit; But would tho sleuth hounds abandon the chose? Would thoy not follow mc, wore they not then warily but surely track ing mc to: the death? Or, still more probable, would they not wait for nic at the entrance, -whither starvation must sooner or later drivo mc. I had provisions -which, takon spar ingly, would last uio four or five days, but what then? Besides, I had no water, and I knew by bitter oxperioiioo the pangs of thirst. Again I listened, laying my ear to tho ground to catch the slightest. distant footfall. The darkness and the silence were profound—a darkness that could be felt, a silenoe that seemed to render audible tho voiceless stream of time. Strange to relate, but I suppose my worn-out physioal ondurance could stand no moro, in the midst of my dismal re flections I fell asleep, at first into a broken, and troubled doze, but afterwards into a sound, refreshing slumber. I have no idea how long I slept. It might have been minutes or hours. I had no means of judging. There was' no iday; no night. The eaino donee, impenetrable blackness ; the same insupportable silence. It was as if I had boon hurled into oblivion; been preoipated into an oternity where there was no life savo in myself ; no timo savo that which fleeted post mc. ;.'?.??'" As I awoke I started up, the! whole incident flashing across ray brain-—the start, the loat track, the double memory of tho" cave, tho and tho flight. . What was to bo done ? Should. I goon still further, along this fearsome path, or should I return and bravo'my late ?' But stop ! [Whioh was forwVrd, which was backward ?.', My heart, give a, suddon bound, as I romoinborod that I had '.turned' round moro than once in the dark, and had nothing to guido mo as to which way 'I had come or was going. For the ft rat time I struck a - match, aud looked about mc. : I was, in a narrow", but rather lofty, and apparently'very tortuous (for I could only sec a fow foot beyond mo on"'either.' or fissure in a dark,' purplish,^granite rook. I consulted my compass, and saw. that from the'spot'where I stood thb cave rau north-west and couth-oast, but that told mc nothing. / ..'.' .:?? . At a venture I took the'former course. But ore. I, had gono. many yards'lper coivod' a new and undreamt of peril. Tho gallery branched off nearly at right angles'into two arms; and, an I still proceeded', I found that the whole inte rior of tho mountain was a network of subterranean, chambers' and corridors, loading.from >nd to ouo another, like tho'meshes in, but .without thb regularity of, a'spidor's web.,. This, then,"accounted for "the robbers riot having followed mo. They knew.' that' to hayo ventured into tho mtrioacios : of this network iof jcaVerhs was to bo lost, and then, and I-rr I woe lost.: 'As tho .truth flashed across iuybrain, I almost staggered with'terror. I was', lost, buriod alive in the, heart of this labyrinth. 'I hurriod on in the" dark, recklessly .and at random,, sometimes striking a match to see if I could identify a pith, by Vhich I had. come. No ; the sain'o grim and gloomy rock Oα eithor hand, tho same unending ;darkness be fore arid behind mo, v ' ' .. Oh, but thU is too terrible ; and.l felt my heart knock at my ribs,' and the cold perspiration" start from every pore as I contemplated the future. To linger in this' .dismal prison-house, ?to wander through these, endless colls, for per chance two or three days, and then, when nature can bear no further, to lie down on the stony floor, and wait for tho end. Would it not be .better to finish it at onoo than endure this living death, this torture of suspense ? No ; life was still sweet, and there was at least the chanoe of escape;from this awful doom. But no time mutt bo lost. Like the accursed Hebrew, I must go on, on, on ; no rest. no pause. Hour after weary hour I pressed forward', taking a soatch of food as I wondered. Hour after weary hour in tho darkness,- for I had expended my last match, and still-no deliver ance. Was it day. or night?" I know not. Was the sun. shining brightly over head outside, whilu I hero! . Oh, horrible ! And in a day or two would my mates'bo expecting mc, looking anxiously for the one .who would 'never, never come —who would bo lying/strioken to doath perhaps, in this - dreadful place. Tho thought was madness,and I folt my brain, reel under it. StUl I went on. I ' screamed, I shouted, I sang, I prayed, I blasphemed by turns, yet-kept over on, walking;: and frequently stumbling and falling, in my short snatchos of sleep, but I seemed no nearer to the end of this interminable maze. .-..??? ??'? ? . A faint, dreamy'kind of fooling of E regression oamo . ovor mc. ? I" felt rxo unger, no thirst; I experienced no fear, no anxiety, no fatiguo. In the darkuoes I saw visions of house's,- oastlos, green fields, wide forests, noble riversjand yet through all was tho nevor-coasing fooling that I must go on.. Was Ithon going mad, or was this indeed madness ?.: ... . Waking, as from a deep sloop, I looked round mo; for a time unoouoernodly, as if it were too much trouble oven to think. Then' I began, to muse wondoringl/ on what I saw. A. nicely furnished room, with a olook ticking cheerily on the mantel-shelf, and a row of. medicine bottles on each side of it. Abed,.with hangings of mosquito net, and myself lying in it, and disinclined .to inovo. Who, then, was ill- P Was it I ? It must be so, and if .so, what was the mutter with mc? Lot mo try to think. No, I : give it up ; I cannot remember. ?? ' Three days later dear old' George Moselyi is seated by my bedside. Ho has told, mc all ho knows. I -was in' the Bridge Hotol, Cromwell, whoro'l had been for over a woek, and Jack Marsh had taken all sorts of earo of mc. It had been a near squeak, though. A party of diggers prospooting on tho Lower Card ro wa, near Mount Alpha, had come across mc mad with brain fever, but still making onward, shouting and siuging as I went. How I had got thero they could not imagine, for I appeared to have oomo from the.dirootion of the rangosj whore there -was neither track, nor, as they said, the possibility of finding ouo'. ." r Thoy had taken mc to their camp, and had kindly enough, and at no little trouble and. expense, brought mo down to Crom well ' for inodical attendance. I - had been' talking tho most outrageous nonsense over was heard about caves, and murders, and bushrangers, and—but thore, what was the use of talking-—it was all happily over now, and in a day or so I should be able to bo up. When I grew stronger, and as tho dread incidents I have related becamo more and more clearly imprinted on my memory, I oallod George and tho doctor together, and, as connootodly asK could, toui them my story. They huuiourod mo by pretending to believe it, but I could see that they put it down as the mere siok fancies of a fevered brain. I was still too woak to argue, so I let them hove their way, determining some day to oonvinco them. But I never have. I have sought in vain for the gorge.and cave (for my inatos have even numourod mo so far as to go with mo in search), and sometimes am inclined to believe with them that it is a fovored dream. Still it is singular that the parly lowor down tho river should have euddonly disappeared when it was rumoured that I had been found, and that Stuttering Harry and Patsy Carroll were nover again heard of in those parts. That is my story, and that is how I am grey, nay, white, at forty. - 