? iHltsKpm THE SUNDAY-SCHOOL UNION. The annual meetings of the South. iAus tralian Sunday-school Union were commenced, in the Wakefield-street Lecture Hall on Monday evening, September 30. There was a -large attendance of teachers. Mr. S. Whitmore, one of the Vice-Presidents of the Union, occupied the .chair. The proceedings were commenced with i a united prayer meeting, after which Mr. J. B. Adamson read a paper ' On discourage ments in Sunday-school work3 and the use that ought to be made of them.' The essayist briefly referred to the discouraging effect pro duced upon Sunday-school teachers when lessons which had cost much time and labor in the preparation were apparently nullified by the misconduct of scholars. He observed that in such circumstances it was usual to think that the lesson' had altogether been, thrown. ;away, but this he thought was amistake,as the teacher . himself could learn many important lessons from Ms disappointment. Again, it was noli to be . forgotten, that' boys frequently thought; even when most inattentive/ Bad boys were not restricted to, any one social class; but were fre quently to be found in the sons of ministers and deacons. They were not to be discouraged when they got bold of a bad boy. It was very often thought that it was no use trying a bad boy, hut that expulsion was the only thing for him. He thought that it would, some' times be a good thing if the teacher were ex? pelled . They could sot know what good might ultimately fee -effected by some of thejr bad boys. If they went back to «neient' story they had the aoeount-of ayoung man who held the clothes of those who Jrilled the first Chris tian martyr, and who became notorious for his zealous persecution of the early Christian churches.- Such people would have thought that Saul's case could only be -met by expulsion, but it was afterwards said of him — ' He . is a chosen vessel with the Lord.' They could not tell how- many of their so-called bad boys might turn out in a similar way. When Christ was surrounded tiy disciples whose stupidity was remarkable he bore with them and said, ' The Holy Ghost shall teach you all things.' The oppositions of life. Were pretty sure indications of the path of duty. If a new property Act were to be introduced a «ry would arise from the lawyers ; an Education Bill would likewise provoke opposition, and a Licensed Victuallers Act would arouse the cry from the publicans— 'By this means we get pur bread.' A conversational discussion followed : the reading of Mr. Adamsom's paper, in which various phases and difficulties of Sunday-school work were referred to. The majority of the speaKers luuacrausu- tneir rtsuiarKS wien; rerer ence to. the results of their own experience. The duty of thorough preparation on the part of teachers; was also strongly enforced, while; ii was pointedout that the cultivation of si more intimate, acquaintance between teachers and scholars by the aid of social and other gather rings was urgently required. It was suggested that the South Ausiaralian Union should en deavorto obtain the assistance of the London Sunday-school Union in introducing a good hymn-book that could be' used in all the Sunday schools of the colony. -Votes of thanks to the essayist and Chairman brought the proceedings to a close. ..'.'_.' : The annual meetings of the South Australian -Sunday-school- Union were continued on Tues day, October 1. A well attended tea was held in the Pirie-6treet Lecture Hall, and was fol lowed by a public meeting. The hall was well filled, and the chair was, occupied by Mr. B. S. Wigg, the retiring President. The meeting was commenced with devotional services, after which the Chairman made a few remarks, referring to a recommendation -that Sunday-schools should be provided with a wider range and a higher class of literature. He strongly advocated the idea, and eaid -that libraries should embrace more than one edition or translation of the Bible— indeed, all editions. , He also stated that the. Palestine Exploration party had now com pleted their labors, and that a new and corrected nxap orjFalestine on an enlarged scale would goon M, obtainable. This,, he mentioned, would ; Ise' f«i«icL or.griBat use in Sunday-schools, and ?materially: assist teachers in their instruction of :*U. clas^esaf #ojars. Thgaimii^.report stated that the South Aus tralian Sunday-school Union had now completed the sixth -fear oFlis existence, and though all that its originators hoped for- might not yet /have feeen reaSsea'^ much good had been done. MaW ofthe^ty andsuburbanas well as some countiy'scfiools had tinifed. and so far the f orm- datiott hedHWen laid -of what the Committee desired might be a close -aid -lasting uhida of the Sunday-schopls of:the land. ^More effectually rto* secure'^liis end, duriag tie1 past year the constitution of the Society 4iad -been altered to some extent ia prder to obtain a-larger working committee and a', fuller represeritation df the schools in the Union!' Each of these was entitled to send a delegate to representr it. vDuritjg the past year the delegates-front some schools had been very irregular in attendance, at the meet ings of 'Committee, or had absented^hemselves altogether from them. Two quarterlyiaeetinga had been held during the years' Msfe^d of three; with 'a fair but not large attendance ab each. At the first meeting the- proposed' alte ration of the constitution was agreed iipon, and at the second an interesting paper Wai read by ^ Mr. Gdretm ' JuvenileBenefit Soiaetiesi' the special object of which, was by small weekly payments to provide for thescholarr an assu- \ ranee fund against sickness. The --result of such societies in some English - schools had proved very satisfactory. * In view of the warm ' interest taken by the children in the 'Services of Song' it was determined to commence a Sun day-School Choir under the guidance ol Mr. Daniel. The attendance not ' having been very large it was at first decided to' discontinue the class, but since then it had been resolved to give it another trial. Here followed particulars as to the entertainments given by the Union, during the year; and the exhibition at various places throughout the colony of the dissolving views. ?. The Committee expressed themselves as pleased at the increase of facilities for exhibit ing their dissolving views, and deskea also gratefully to acknowledge the ready kindness of the various lecturers -and of all those who have assisted in the various entertainments. : The Committee hadragain visited mostof the-schoois in the Union, and found as a rule that affairs -were very satisfactorily managed. The visitors were in many 'instances much pleased T-y the result of the . examination 'of ; the children. Various snggestioas as to improvement) were made and partly carried out. They referred to the practices adopted in some schools in the matter of attendance, the use. of the lesson note book, ventilation, and the variety of hymn . books used, and called attention to the diffi culty which they had experienced in procuring statistics. The usual competitive examinations had been held this year— one for teachers aud one for scholars. : The scholars' examination took place on July IS, 1878; 360 names were given in us against 450 last year ; 237 competed as against 288 last year. As ; before, there were three divisions— senior, middle, and junior— numbering respectively 47, 128, and 62, who actually took part, xne subject ot examination was ** The Life of Daniel,' and the examiners were— Revs. D. PatonjJMLA., R. S. Casely, and J-. McEwin, who made the following awards : — Senior Division, 4 prises, 6 certificates*. Middle Division,- 4tprize£, 50 certificates ; Junior Divi sion^ 3 prizes, 21 certiBcates. Teachers' Exami- ' nation.— This WASiheld on September lft, 1878. There were 30 name's sent in as against 32 last year-: 11 males, 19 females. Of these 21 actually competed as against 13 last year. The subject of examination was— 'Thethree years' ministry of Jesus Christ,' and the examiners — RevsJ Chas. Man thorpe,Glenelg,andMorgan Lloyd, AlbertoQ. As the examiners would have an opportunity of expressing then: respective views, the Couttuittee did not deem it needful to make any remarks on these examinations further than to suggest that m future there should- be i for teacherB a pre liminary and an5 advanced examination— tiie one for junior,' the other for senior teachers. 'In re gard to literature, 'the Committee regretted rhair they had been able to give' so little attention to 'this department Of their work. The question of ahymnbook for general use was remitted to them from the larger Committee, and after com paring specimens, 'Songs of Love and Mercy,' was recommended for adoption in all our schools. The Committee, in closing, hoped their successors would take up the important matters). - of the Sunday- school periodical literature and the improvement of Sunday-school libra ries. The general adoption of -the 'Inter- national Series of Lessons,' by which wherever the English tongue was spoken a large proportion of the Sunday- schools were en gaged in the study of the same lessons, had induced some of the best and wisest men ia England and America, by a series of well-. written articles published in advance in the « Sunday-school Magazine,' to give their assist ance to Sunday-school teachers, who with the aid thus provided should never .enter their classes without a thorough understanding of the subject. In the day-schools the growing de mand for a higher standard of education for the young necessitated a greater degree of efficiency in the teacher ; and iri view of - the fact that the sy stein of State education -was purely secular, it was more than ever needful that those who had taken up the Sunday-school teachers' office- should avail themselves of every aid to their work, and thus be more than ever apt to teach, and wise to win souls. The statement of income and expenditure? was then read. The report was adopted. The distribution of prizes and certificates' gained at the recent competitive examinations was then proceeded with. The Rev. R, S. Casely, one of the examiners, delivered an address on the education of Sun ' day-school children. He alluded to the compe titive examinations as showing that much atten tion had been given by the competitors to the subject upon which they were examined.' He said it was all very well to instruct young people in the elementary, doctrines of Christianity, but it was also necessary that they should be educated thoroughly in the ground workand more abstruse peints of Bibliology. ' The Rev. J. McEwin, referring to the present system of religious teaching, said it was not all that could be desired. It had altered very materially^ since he was young, and he was doubtful as to whether it was for the better, or that the modern style was more successful. The jerky, manner in which the lessons, were now con ducted missed many of the richest and most beautiful portions of the Scriptures. They were in a great measure indebted to the secular system for inculcating in the minds of children the groundwork of the Christian doctrine. He believed, in going back to the old style of com mitting the Scriptures to memory. (No, no.) He suggested that the notice of the subject of examination should be given six months before hand. The Rev. Morgan Lloyd referred to the fact that the Port Adelaide schools were not in eluded in the examinations. He did not think this was fair. He congratulated the -Commit- tee on the success of their work. He thought every encouragement should be given to teachers and scholars, in order that they might be in duced to become fully acquainted with the Scriptures. He also threw, out several sugges . tions for. the conduct of school .work. ., Mr. C. Sceymgoue moved a vote of thanks to the examiners. He referred' to the origin and progress of Sunday-school work^ Mr. S. Whix mobe seconded: Carried: The following gentlemen7 were appointed as a Committee for the ensuingyear: — Messrs. Wigff, Robin, Monorieff, Ci Scrymgour, Whitmore, J. B. Adamson, Frost, Maley,'Shakspeare, Roberts, and G. Scrjnigour. ; :. Mr. G. Scbyjigotjb made a few remarkc rela tive id the Sunday-school choir. Apologies were received from the Revs. C. Manthorpe and L. G. Carter. Appended is a list of the prizes awarded and the number of certificates presented . in each division -—Senior Division— John White, Pirie street Wesleyan ; Lizzie Dean and Minnie Dean, Stow Memorial; and Adelaide Mallet, Pirie street Wesleyan. Six certificates were Awarded. Middle Division— Charlotte Hobbs, Payneham Vesleyanj Bertha L. Johnson, AVoher-street ^ ^l?n^ 3-««kjn|Pij^eJito'W»il^yan. Fifty . fcertificates were awarded. ? Vi Junior Division— : 'Adela Knight and Morgan Mejrick, Kent Town . 'Wesley an j . Florence Geode, Stow Memorial. ^Twenty-one certificates' were distributed. ', - '_ J.: jM»Je Tmiiiuirig of the iyiTO f ot ibifiprp- j ;^|»psed Church of England at,' the Semaphore' ?; will be proceeded with at once, ! .the tender of ~ Hessrs. Williams &! Cleave haying been ac cepted for the work. ... . ;=..: The Eyangelical Lutheran Church at Clara ville, which has been without a clergyman for some months, is (says the Border Watch) to have the one recently selected for the Jofiice inducted on October 6. The Eev. J. G. Eeehner will officiate and introduce, the Rev. Mr. litetschosB to his new congregation. , ' . ' A meeting of the members of. St. Paul's Choir Association was held in the vestry of 'the . church on Wednesday evening, October 2. The Very Rev. the Dean was in the chair. The Organist reported, a certain sum having been already collected, and it was resolved that an order should be given Mr. J. W. Wolff to build an organ, to be completed by next Easter. ' .' *' The anmversary services of the Franklin street Wesleyan Sunday-School were held on Sunday, September 29. In the morning and afternoon the services were conducted in the Sranklin-street Church by the Eev. J. Watts and Mr. James Scott, J.P. The building was crowded on both occasions. .The evening ser-' vice was held in the Pixie-street Church, when the Bev. B. S. Casley preached to a large con gregation. The amount realised by the collec tions was a little over £16: The Lutherans in Adelaide who have been worshipping in the Bethlehem Church, Flinders-street, finding themselves indebted to the extent ot £3,000 on that building, have made an appeal to the public for help. An offer has been made by Mr. J. W. A. Sudholz of £1,000 towards the clearance of the liability, . provided .that the other £2,000 is raised in six months. The founders of the Church therefore appeal to the charitably disposed of their own nationality and also the English to assist them in raising the required two-thirds of the debt. At the ; Collins-street -Independent Church, Melbourne, on Sunday, September 22, the Eev. Thomas Jones, when commenting upon the incidents jof Christ's visit to the Synagogue ; at Nazareth, made a few remarks on Sunday \- observance which ^says the Argus), were spe cially worthy of note.; After showing that it . was necessary for the physical and moral well ? £-eingof Victoria that the people should observe ^aad honor the day of rest, he stated very clearly -that he nevertheless -did not believe in Sunday being observed as a Jewish- Sabbath. ' I do . not say,', he continued, /'that you must not take a ; walk on Sunday.: On the contrary, -I think it is* virtue to do so. I am not going ? to eater upon the question of ?. opening museums sand free libraries, but I annst eay that it is in finitely better far peopleto spend their time in \- -these institutions than: to lounge about : the streets or in public-houses. Sunday should be a day for reading, a.day of rest, and you ongtitV to_ use it also as a day of moral as well as of Knirifcnul YmlfnrA ?- TVi v/inr: hnainnsa in fhn'hasf-. possible way during the six day-s,4nd then keep your Sabbath ein -? the i-est, the highest, the noblest,, the cheerfullest. fashion, ;fpr God has given it .yon for that ? purpose, f The Sabbath was made for man, and notman for thelSab bath.'' ; '..'.:. -.?.????..??;. -?'(?'' Anniveraary tea and public meetings in connection with the Hindmarsh Baptist Church were held on Tuesday evening, October 1. i The ? tea, which 'was largely attended, took place - in _ ±he Institute jHall, Hindmarsh, while the latter gathering was' held in the Congregational \- ; Church, and ; attracted a very large attendance.' . Mr. L. Ii;i'urner3M.P.Jwiio presided, congratu lated the church on the success it had obtained. The Secretary of the church (Mr. Paul Fischer) read the^annual report, which represented that the church was in a fair state of progression,, and that the pastor (the Eev. H. Morgan) had Bucceeded^in eslahlishing Mmseli : in general* ; favor.- .The report' -ref erred gratefully to ser-, -t-- vices rendered by brethren' in North and South , -? Adelaide. It wasstated that illness had visitai some of the most useful members, and thanks were given for their recovery. The statement went on to say ithat the attendance* at the Sunday-school was largely increasing, and that . the children were manifesting a desirable inte rest in the work of, the church. ' The amount re ceived daring theyear had been£1580s. Id., while that expended was£167. The Eev. Henrymprgan warmly thanked their Congregational friends for putting the building at the disposal of the : Baptist Chnrch that evening. He'read apolo gies from the Eevs. J, Bamber, H. J. Lambert, S. Mead, E. M. : Hunter, J. McE win, and M. Xloyd, who were prevented from attending by various causes. He expressed his pleasure with : : the report presented, and thought that before ! another year had. elapsed the church should have a building of its own to worship in. (Hear, hear.) He would go in for putting upthe bare walls, and then worshipping in them, so that they might find out the .uncomfortable nature of - the proceeding \and speedily set to work -and finish the structure.- (Applause, and laughter.) The Eev. L. G. Carter expressed his deep sym pathy with all the undertakings of the church, and thought it should soon have. a building of its own. The Eevs/ J.: JPrice, W, Vaughan, W. Jones, and J. Gray also addressed the meeting,' ' and spoke incoqgcatulatory terms of the' work the church was 'accomplishing in HindmarshV \- During the evening the; choir rendered several1 selections of music in a 'ci editable manner. . . ; u A few;- days ago,' writes the Standard of September 28, 'the Eev. S. Green received a letter from a prominent Wealeyan layman of this cityj charging 'Episcopalians with longings to persecute all 'who differ from -them,- and mixing Bulgarian horrors ,. and' Claverhouse's: dragoonB in a violent attempt to show that no horrors would be too atrocious for the Church to inflict, if only the opportunity were given. ; -To this letter Mr. Green replied as follows:— ? My dear Sir— I cannot resist the logical force with which yon connect the Episcbpalianism of which I am a humble representative with the recent Bulgarian atrocities, and I therefore at once plead guilty to being a blood thirsty ruffian. By %he way, it will ' ih ? - ierest.;;yon '.lav- know ;the ? philological ; fact that a popular and -sn exceedingly vulgar - term -»f [ contempt is an abbreviation of ? the word 'Bulgarian.' Yon instance the facts that somfe orthodox Bulgarian villagers beat two -.Uoman- Catholic Sisters almost to death, and'that'aBulgarian priest murdered a Turkish refugee in cold JjlOod, as illustrations of - what _ the Episcopal despising of others in Sokth Arts- '? irtdidwoidd lead ioif '?it had the ehante? \ lam much obliged for -the hint, and though Ichad not previbusly thought of- maltreating religioos' women of any denomination, I already begin to - feel strong ' homicidal impulses, and 'probably before long there will be several vacancies in the Sisterhood of S. ^Joseph. Ton will share my regret that I have no opportunity of operating on 'refugees,' but if a few could be imported at a reasonable rate, I might \- - show them what an Episcopalian can do for their throats. . As yon . have read our .characters so clearly, it will -be no breach of confidence for me. to tell you that inost of the ' mysterious disappearances' re \- «orded in English papers may be traced to the '',,. -dignitaries of the Church, especially the rural . ' ? 'Deans, whose secluded country parsonages afford admirable facilities for secretly gratify- - ing their sanguinary tastes. Moreover, if the 'police really want to solve the mystery of Miles Cavanagtfe disappearance, let them set to . work to find out what the Bishop of Adelaide .was doing on .the night in question. 'Oyster-. thives, sharpened on both, sides and stained ?with gore, areiiot dugout -iof the flower-beds at Biflhop's-court without having first been put ri' : there. Verbum sap. -Thisinconfidence:- — iToora. ionricidaily,^. Gbees. '? P-S^Iishall be happF tocohtinue^hecdrr^pondence,' /; \ ' 