C'OySEQUENOES OF A DRUNKEN IillA WL. At tho Melbourne City Police Court on Saturday morning a middle-aged man, named Smith Brown, who is known as a professional card player, was brought up, 011 warrant, charged with assaulting a young girl, named O'Connoll, with intent to do her grievous 1 bodily harm. Senior-constable O'Meal'a ap plied for a remand for a week, which was granted. It appears that on the 5th of May last the prisoner and another man were drink ing in an iiotel at the corner of Russell and Lonsdale streets, when they had an alterca tion about money matters. Smith, who was drinking beer out of a piut lemonade glass, hurled tho tumbler at the man with whom lie was conversing. The missile, however, did not reach its mark, but un fortunately struck the girl O'Connor, who was a barmaid in the hotel, a crushing blow upon the right side of her head, inflicting a fearful wound, from which the blood issued as from a pump, to use the words of tho girl. She was conveyed to tho hospital, whore her wound was attended to. Shu was treated as an oilt-door patient for three montliSj but her injilries assumed such a s8rioit3 aspect on Thursday last that Drs. Jiinies and Murray detained hero in the institution. On Friday evening her state becoming critical tho police were communi cated with, and a warrant was issued by Mr. Call, P.M., for the arrest of Brown, who was apprehended at a late hour by Senior-con stable O'Meara. The Hospital authorities, believing that the unfortunate pirl O'Connor was in a dying condition, sent a'request that her depositions might be taken. At a lato hour on Saturday afternoon Dr. Murray hold out but slight,hopes of her recovery, as the pupils of the eyes wore much contracted, and the symptoms showed that the brain- was I softening to such an extent as to preclude | any hopes of ultimate recovery. Tho dying depositions were taken by Mr. Akehurnt, P.M., on Saturday afternoon (states the Herald). Smith Brown, the prisoner, was present iii custody, Mr. A. Reid watching the proceeding on behalf of the prisoner, Tho girl O'Connor, who ap peared to bo in a vory critical condition stated :-I am a single woman. In May last I was a servant in O'Flaherty's hotel, at tho corner of Lonsdale and Russell-streets. On the 5th May last I wa3 in the bar, and was passing a glass or ale to a woman. I think it was a Wednesday. Remember seeing Brown iu tho bah Never saw him before in my life. Two men were quarrelling in the bar about some .nouoy, arid the accnsod was 0110 of them. I was suddenly struck on the right side of the head with a large lomonado glass, which broke 011 liiy head. I saw the accused throw the glass. I'fell against the counter, and the blood came out of my head like a pump. Tho only thing I can re member then was that the man who had been quarrelling with tho accused brought mo to the hospital. This man was named Edward Fox. The accused did not say anything to . me after I wis struck with tlio glass. I was at that time in the hospital aa an out-door patient f r nearly three months, attending every day. I was admitted as an indoor patient on Thursday last. I: felt very bad in my head. I had been in the hew situation for about a fortnight. I f«lt very giddy, and could not walk about, I told my mistress I should have to see Dr. James, and when I arrived at the hospital the dou'or told mo I should have to. remain. 1 have received no injury in any except from the glass al ready mentioned. After I was struck Brown never rendered me any assistance. After I was struck .I felt 110. pain, but I be came unconscious, and did not recover my. senses till I found myself in bad. in tho hospi tal. Before I was struck I . noticed a glass iu Brown's hand, fr- jm which I10 was drink ing some beer. I was not speaking with Fox during the row, and did not interfere with their quarrelling in any shape. Mr. A. Reed declined to ask the witness any questions. The dying girl made her mark at the foot of the depositions. AN ADVANCED FUBE THINKER.-A case of an uncommon character came before Mr. Hunt, at the Central Police Court, yester day. A young mau, a bricklayer by profes sion, and respectably dressed, named Osraan Day, was charged with having in Hyde Park, on Sunday afternoon, given public utterance to blasphemous and profane lan guage. The blasphemy ' had reference to Christ's paternity, and was cetrtainly most foul and offensive. The prosecutor was Mr. JoJiu Woods, who deposed that the de fendant with several other wore congregated in the Park on Sunday afternoon. He was passing at the time, and heard the defendant uttering the most blasphemous language re lative to the paternity of Christ, besides the words constituting the charge. . Ho (witness) did not wish to see the defendant punished, but .requested that he and his followers, together with all roiigioua sects, should be excluded from propounding . their various 'doctrines' in the Park, and for this reason he had given the accused in charge. The defendant admitted that he had used all the words excepting one word, and, moreover, with that exception, conscien tiously adhered to, and believed all he had said to be perfectly true. Day commenced in strong language, and in an excited man nar, to prove the ground of his peculiar be lief, but he was prevented from proceeding. He read out a list of names of persons con nected with the Free Thought Spiritualistic Progressive Society. All, with one exception, refused to bo sworn on the Bible, only select portions'of which they affirmed that they be lieved in, consequently the witnesses each made a declaration to speak.truthfully. Each anil all declared that Day had hot made use of the words as stated in the charge, but said on receiving a tract from a preacher, "All I' know of Christ is that the Bible tells me he is the soil of a ghost." They all averred that if ho had made use "of the words in question, they would have heard him. The defendant's employer, William Kelly, who affirmed that ho did not believe in the defendant's faith, gave him an excel lent character, stating that he had always found him sober, truthful,. honest and in dustrious. Prosecutor, being recalled, ad hered to his formor evidence that cho word bloody," together with ' numerous other blasphemous assertions' concerning the Holy Ghost, were vociferously uttered by the accused. In vindication of the charge, the defendant proceeded to deliver an address having reference to the assertions made use of by another park preacher,, and his own refutations, to tho same, which, howovor, the presiding magistrates refused further to hear. Day then stated that the words mentioned by the witnesses for the defence were the exact words he had given utterance to. Mr. Hunt considered that the defendant was guilty of profanity, and ordered him to pay a fine of £5, in default three months' imprisonment Notice of appeal was lo:lged.- Si/diicy jEven ing News. CuoW.N" LAND SALES.-Sales of Crown lands will bo held at the Moama Court-house on Wednesday, 0tli, aud Wednesday, 23rd October. DENTISTHY.-Mr. S. De Snxe will pay bis usual monthly visit to Echuca on Wednes day next, 2nd prox., when he may be con sulted at Mr. Warringtou's, Hare- street. ESUAI'K OL-' PIUSONKUS. -Early on Saturday morning four convicts ofi'ected their escnpj from the working gang of the Maryborough gaol. The names of the escapees are Joseph Puflet, Henry Joseph (Wen, Alexander Ager and George Arthur. The men were attired in prison clothes. Land Thrown Open for Selection. Kclnica district: parish of Girgarre liast ; area, 10a. Mr. 2p. ; forfeited Iflth suction holding ol Thomas Jones. HAUT'S Dayleaford Asthma Cure, for sale at FAIKTHOKKE, Chemist, lligli-ntruut, Jichuca. EATAL ACCIDENT.-A tolngram in Satur day night's Herald, from Ballarat, says: "A fatal accident, vvhoreby two moil liavo lost their livesf and another is expectod to lose his, occurred this morninj in tho claim of tho Britannia Quartz Company, Ballarat East. The men who were killed wero Wni. Martin and Samuel Dovino. They were killed on tho spot. The third man was named Samuel Clemence, and ho has had one arm torn off, his skull smashed, and his thi^h broken. He was not immediately killed, but on being taken to tho hospital, little or rm hope of his recovery was entertained. The accident was caused by tho cage jamming in the shaft, and then going down with a run to the depth of 300 feet to the bottom of the shaft. CMemenco is tho son of a mason who died suddenly recently of heart disease at So iiers' Hill. ' H. YACOHAN'S VISIT TO SANDIIUKST. - TJ Independent writes :-The Most Rev. E) raughan, Archbishop of Sydney, will n Veek honor Sandhurst with a visit. His (irace will arrive about Thursday or Fri day, and on Sunday, Gth October, will preach at tho eleven o'clock Mass in St. Kilan's Church. A Pontificial High Mass will be celebrated oil the occasion, and the choir, which, it is announced, will bo com posed of tho best talent in the city, will render Beethoven's Grand Mas3 in C. On tho following day, Monday, 7th October, His Grace will deliver a lecture in tho Royal Princess Theatro, the subject being, " Christ and His Kingdom." On Wednesday His Grace will deliver a second leceure, entitled " Tho School of Our Father." BARNUM, the ICiug of Showmen and Prince of Humbugs, has made his will, so it is roported ; and with consummate acutoness he has also lot it leak out that no less than 124 editors of various papers of world-wide fame are to receive bequests under it. Not one of the editors or journals is specified, however, and (he artfulness of this is clear, for tho consequence is that - some 1240 editors or so, at le-ist, all fancy they must be tho chosen legatees, and.will, no doubt,, say a pood word for Phineas T, Barnnin and his museum, when they consistently can. NOKTII-WEST B END WHARP.-We undar stond thiit the lender of Messrs. Forwood, Down, and Co., for the supply of cranes, ongine and boiler, and the erectio.i of an engine-houso at the township of Morgan (North-West Bend), lias beon accepted.for the sum of £2,923 2s. ? . . ; ? ' 