THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASS=MBLY. Tuesday. Augcst 20. The Spzakzb took the Chair at 2 o else*. ORDER OF Bl'SISS33. iheTBEASUKiCK (Hon. J. P. Koucaut) stated iL_* ? ,™^-#- nvimKar nf 1T1 ^mOfirB WiSll£U tO £tend the meetmg to be heil that n.gh.: with regard to the elections he »ould not a»k the Hobs2 to sit late. BORDER CUSTOMS DUTIES; Mr. WAKD said he observed by the papara tha' day that the Chief Secretary was endeavouring la Melbourne to arrange for a system of permits as 1 1 eoods mssing the Border between South Aus tralia and Victoria. He wished to know whether the Chief Secretary wa* endeavouring to extend tuat arrangement to goods crossing the river border or the Murray as well; if not, he would submi. that it would be a very beneficial thing to do. The TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) saw hu colleague was endeavouring to do that which the hon. member referred to, but hon. membere would see tbat it might be moderately easy to make the arrangement with regard to the land border of th ? Eouth-East, but very difficult to make it with regard to the river border, and he did not think it would be wise for the Government to decline entertaining proposals for facilitating the one it they could not Ret the same with regard to the other. STEAM COMMUNICATION WITH WESTERN AUSTRALIA. The TREASUBEk UMn. J. P. Boucaut). in reply to Sir. Bower, said the Government had come time ago promised to give a subsidy towards steam communication with Western Australia, tut only on condition that Port Adelaide was made the terminus of the service. When Mr. Fraser, the Commissioner of Grown Lands of 'Western Australia, was here the Chief Secretary assisted him very considerably in miking arrangs . xnents with a Steam Company, and Mr. Eraser thought the matter was seitled, but when he returned to Western Australia the Governor of tbat colony threw some difficulties in the way, and the thing went off. There were further negotia tions with a view to starting the matter again, buc be was afraid they had fallen through eutirely. PRICE OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA^ BOND3. Mr. KOSS asked the Treasurer if the balance of the last loan hail yet been fl. .ated. The TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said he had no knowledge on the subject. Mr. ROSS asked if it was in contemplation to reduce the minimum below S5 per cent. The TREASURER (Hod. J. P. Boucaut) said it would be very improper for him to answer that question. (Sir. Koss— 'It is a public statement.') Mr. ROSS asked if the Treasurer had received any intimation aa to the price at which our 4 r2r cent, bonds were quoted in London. The TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut--Nol within the last three or four days. BOUNDARY BETWEEN SOUTH AUSTRALIA AKD QUEENSLAND. The COMMISSIONER of CKOWN LAND3 (Hon. T. Playford). in reply to Mr. Hajite}. said one or two progress reports had been received from the surveyor sent up to survey the boundary between Queensland and South Australia. 5CHOOLHOUSE ON YOKKE'S PENINSULA. Mr. ROSS asked— 'Is it the intention of the Government to erect a school bouse at or near the junction of the Port Victoria aud MoonU and Jorketown main roads?' The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. N. Blyth) replied: — 'No application has been received for a school at this place prior to the hon. member'*. I have directed enquiries to be made as to the number of children in the neighbourhood. On receipt of the informatien I shall be able to give a definite answer to the hon. member's question.' LOCAL COURT AND GAOL AT GLAD STONE Mr. WARD asked— '1. When will the Govern ment establish a Lccal Court at Gladstone ? 2. When is it intended to proceed with the erection of the Gaol at Gladstone T 3. When will suitable police accommodation be provided at Gladstone !' The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) replied:—'!. There being already Local Courts at Laura and Georgetown, about seven miles north &Bd; 6i-uth of Gladstone, the Government do not consider it necessary to open a Local Court at the latter township at the present time. When, how ever, the Gaol ia completed a Court will ba esta blished at Gladstone. 2. The plans are in course of preparation, and an officer is now in the town Fhip with the view of fixing the site, an 1 the build ing will be then immediately proceeded with. 3. Tenders for stables and forage sheds were accepted yesterday.' PAPERS. The following papeis were laid on the table: — By the TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut)— Correspondence re obstructions to trade across Victorian Border. Banking Statistics for Quarter ended 30th June, JS78. Report of Engineer of Harbours and Jetties on obstructions at Port Augusta Harbour. Report as to best means of giving accommoda tion to ocean steamers. By tLe ATIORNEY-GENERAL (Hoa. C. Wann)— Betura of probates and letters of administration granted By the COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WOUKS (Hon. G. C. Hawker] Return of railway traffic in continuation of Par liamentary Taper So. 152 of 1875. CcpieB of the new general con-litions of contrict. By theCOMSlISSlONEK of CUO.V.N LANDS (Hon. T. Playford)— Proposed By-laws of Corporation of Adelaide. Dtainage of swamps in the viciuuy of Port Mac DonnelL Copy of correspondence Iwtween Sir. C. Drake and the Crown Lands Department. ill these papers were ordered to bo printed. WAYS AND MEANS. On the motion that the House go into Com mittee of Ways and .Means, The Hon. L. CLYDE said lie wished to say a few words as to the progress of the building for the South Australian Institute. At a meeting of the Governors last week a formal resolution was passed asking Mr. Kees and himself tot formally call- the attention of the Government to this important question. The dehy in proceeding with this matter nad been intolerable, and the Governors of the Institute had now the fear that the sits which had been fixed for some years would be taken away from them. They therefore wished to know from the Government something distinct and definite as to the position in which they wens to be placed. The Governors were takeu by sur prise by the proposal of tho Government aome few weeks ago to take away the site, and were exceedingly disappointed to find their wishes so continually delayed. He might mention, as showing the want of increased accommodation, that the Museum, small as it was. was visited by very nearly a thousand persons on the last holiday. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that the fears of the Governors of still greater delay; would le removed by a tJi 3$inct statement of th j Treasurer. tiiSB The TREASURER (Hon J. P. Boucant) said tha lion, member would sec that M-. C~rr had -\ motion down for September 4 reeui.-ing, that thu building should be erected immediately. Ha fel; veiy stronsly the desirability of erecting thi, building, and he would have taken action in th » matter before but hon. -members would see ihy. pending the elections for the Legislative Council i: would be undesirable for him to biins the question of (site before the other branch of the Legislature. After tfce elections he would endeavour to settlj the question as quickly as possible. Mr. PEES said the statement of the Treasurer was satisiactoij; as far as it went; bat wh'te anv doubt existed with reference to the appropriation of this particular site it kindled uncertainty not only in the min-Js of those interested in the Institute, but in those of everv memb:r of the community. He faile4 toumierstauvlwlut Mr. Carr's motion had to do with the subject they were cow discussing, for this reason : that the foundations were placed some years auo with a view to the erection of buildings upon them when Parliament could afford the money. While any possible con tingency was likely to prise by which this site might not be retained for that pu; poae it gave ri3e to the belief that the large expmse already gone to fn these foundations and the preparation of very elaborate plans would be waited. While the present state of things continued the ornithological collection, unsurpassed on this side of tha Line, could not be displayed to the slightest advantage: a splendid numinmatical collection could not be shown ; and the free reference library was so crowded up in a corner of the building that it was impossible the public could derive any advantage from it. With reference to the separa tion of the circulating and the free library the building: proposed in the Dast comprehended the idea now introduced by Mr. Carr, but until some progress was made with the new building it was impossible that any further provision could be wade in that direction th3n existed at present The same remark applied with regnr-1 to lectures, various entertainments, and Societies which held their nsretinits at the IrisiKu^e. If the Govern ment wouid only give some assurance thst the p!ar_« tow in course of preparatina would be earned out. and that the she would be aHowe-! for the purpose for which it was rriRinal'v dedicated it would he an earnest to the (.'overnors to do all fbey coahi to facilitate the object which Mr. Carr and others had in view. Mr. H A RE said if the Government wou'd give a Pttiuve assurance that the si'e wouLl be retained tor Instuute purposes he wcul,! be content to wait cneerfu«Ty «Ten lcxtger for the erection of. the luildirr*. -.?£*,'??'??- J- C;A^ w?nM h»ve been very clad if the M-TMstcr of Education had been permitted io lepiy to the question with tesard to the Institute, wruch was in his own department. They would, tten have had something which a plain man coa'.d jnderstacd. (A laugh.) What he (lathered from the Tieunrer was that he would submi: the question whether the site nhould he taken away \- i ™- % Institute and appropriated to new Houses e«,.rat»*u:ent to the Upper House. He would tell h ki that he might save hitn*eU the trouble for he could issure him that tfcu House would never § suction ihe erection of new Parliament Houses du uuy site aiijoimng the Institute— (Hear, hear — and he miftht as well make a virtue of necessity and say at once that the site should be still rtservedfor Institute purposes. He did net know how the Premier could justify himself in refusing to carry out the intention of the House, shown by votes they bad passed on the Estimates from, year to year according to plans which had been submitted lo and apptoved by the House. Mr. BKAY thought an answer to the question put by Mr. Hare would settle the difficulty. Had the Government abandoned the idea of erecting Parliament Houses on the Institute site! They had cot tbe money for erecting the Institute, they had got the plans, end they had got the site; the only question was would they erect the building, and tbey nrght allay all uneasiness on that score by assuring the House that it would be proceeded with without any extraordinary delay. Mr. COGLLN thought the Government bad given a satisfactory reply in stating that they would wait till after the Legislative Council elections before dealing with the question of new Parliament Houses, and then they should be brought to book if they delayed to give a decisive answer as to how they would deal with the Institute. Tbe House then went into Committee of Ways and Means to consider the follow.ng resolutions moved by the Treasurer:— ' That this Hotibe is of opinion — L Tbat under tbe present system of taxation absentees aud the wealthier cl?se3 of the community do not contiibute a fair share towards the national bnrdens. 2. That it is desirable that the incidence of taxation should be readjusted on a more equitable basis. 3. That in otder tbat absentees and the wealthier classes ahould contri bute a fair share to the national hardens, and as a first step towards readjusting the inciderce oi taxation .on a more equitable basis', and in order to provide for the probable deficiency in the revenue, it is desirable that means shou'd be (ievieed for raising revenue from other than the present bources. 4. That for carrying out the foregoiDg resolutions there should be levied the following duties, viz :-o Upon tbe owner of any freehold estate in possession of any laud for and in respect of every 20s. of the : ssessed annual value thereof, the sum of 6d. 6 For and in respect of the annual ptofits or gains arisinz or accruing to any person from any kind of property whatever in South Australia (other than real property), or from any dividends or interest of money, or from any source of income arising elsewhere than South Australia, and received in South Australia during acy jear, for every 20i of the annual value or amount thereof, the sum of GJ. c Kor and in iespect of the annual profits or gain arising or accruing to any person from any an nuities, allowances, or stipends, or from any profession, tiaile, or avocation respectively derived or exercised from or in South Australia, for every 2O.». of the aunual value or amount thereof, the sum of 31.: provided that in calculating the amount payable by any person, under the foregoing subdivisions, or any of them, j££CO shall be deducted from the amount in respect of which such person would, but fur this proviso, be liable to pay duty. 4. That on such duties being brought into operation the incidence of taxation as raised by means of Customs should be readjusted.' To which the Hon. L.Glyde had moved the lollowing amendment—^' That no scheme for raisi-g increased taxation will be satisfactory unless the incidence of taxation as raised by ineana of Customs is readjusted at the same time.'' Mr. DOWNER said a great deal of time both on the Budget speech and on the motion before the House bad been occupied by controversy between the Treasurer in office and the ex-Treasurer (M.r. Koss), and hon. membe s had beeu favoured ad nan«am-(Hear, hear)-with statements regarding the difference of opinion between them. He had felt during part of tbe debate that hon. members had gone hers and there somewhat wide of the question. In the remarks he proposed to offer he shou-d endeavour as clearly as possible to confine himself to what he considered the legitimate subject of discussion. The question was divided into several brunches. There were first aud second resolutions — mere abstractions— matters which weie thrown in he supposed with the object of pleasing everybody, and on which he thought it was well known every one would agree. He did not fcuppese there was much disagree ment with the Treasurer on the first resolution —'That under the present system of taxation absences and the wealthier classes of the corjrni'oity do not contribute a fair share towards the national burdens.' That was a matter on which opimon3 had been frequently ex prttted. aud upon wiiich there was such perfect unanimity that he thought that pait oi the u-otion would be triumphantly carried. If they approved of the first paa uf the motion now much more would they agree with the second : ' Thai the incidence of taxation should be readjusted on a more equi table basis.' But having got over these truisms— this eiontium to che resolutions— he came to the subject matter, and found in the third resolution partly an abstraction and partly something that might take a concrete siiape. la the first part it provided ' th^t in order that abientces and the wealthier classes should contribute a fair share to tbe national burdenv, and as a first &tep; towards re adjusting the incideuce of taxation oa a more equitable basi*'— and then came in something subsidiary, and the resolution went en to bay — ' and in order to provitie for the probable de ficiency in.the revenue, it is desirable that, means be devised for raising revenue fioui other than the present Eourcts.' 'ihen for carry i:ss out these resolutions it was provided that there should ti. st Lea tax upon the assessed annual value of real property, and next on the annual profits aiisinz iiom oilier than real estate, and finally set forth: ' lhiit on such duties beiug brought into opera tion the incidence uf taxation as raided by mians of Customs should be, readjusted.' Tb.es;; reso lutions were, no doubt, very cleverly and very ingeniously worded. They were drawn with the greatest care, aud intended to convey to the pteltssthe impression -hat what the Government intended was not to make up the deficiency arising under the existing re.ime, but to relieve ihe poor from the burdens they now bare and ihrow upon the rich their legitimate share of the burdens of the province. He thought they would come to the conclusion ultimately that the Ministerial intention was contained in the su'-- bidiary portion of the third paragraph, namely, 'in order to provide for tbe probable deficiency m the revenue,' and that the resolutions were brought forwaid without the slightest notion of relieving the poor man of the burdens under which they all agreed he was suffering, but for the purpose of putting into the hands of the Treasurer revenue to meet that deficiency which he led the Hsuse to believe in bis Budset speech that he would have to meet this year. Without going into the various disputes between the present Treasurer (Mr.Boucaut) aud'tbeex-Treaauer(Mr. Ross),andsiraply referring to them to remark that he thought that much study of figures had somewhat fogged the intelligence of )-cth of them— (laughter)— he thought boo, members or any tresh unprejudiced miud must come to the conclusion that there had gradually crept into being a very vkious system of overrating expenditure. (Mr. Ross— 'Hear, hear.') Ministers of the Crowa like other mortals were liable to err. They did not profess to speak with any precision with regard to figures, but merely placed them before hon. members as estimates. They found that Ministries instead of beiug educated by former mistakes fel i into grosser errors; instead of being more accurate from past experience they allowed mistakes to grossly increase; so thit hon. members must either come to the conclusion that their errors were either the result of accident or gross negli giuce. Jn 1.^74-5 there was j£9i-,9tB lfts. lid. unex ponded votes, and there was brought forward A.Sl.CSl lls. lOd. In l--75 there was £122,176 17s. lid. voted ami ,£S?,S3«-7s. 9d. brocgat forwani. In 1S7G7 X1S3,(2O 15*. !0d. was votcl and £03,951 1S3. Sd. brought forward— that xastosiy tha*. during that year the Government for the tin' 3 being overesti mated thtir expenditure to the extent of XlSitSO 15s. lCd.. out of which but Xt-» S51 IS*. Sd. was necessity to expend at all. In 1S77S i2-:U12 16*. Sd. was voted anil £li3,lt;3. 1£-. brought forward ; and for 1S7S-9 £SSH.S7S lls. wa3 voted and the Government proposed to bring forward .£ 193.3219::. 10d. From these unexpended balances— according as hon. members took them— were they to consider the present financial position of the colony! (Mr. Kefs— ' Hear, hear.'') If they were to be taken as a liability, aa the Treasurer and the Audito. General said, so much worse off was the colony. If, as Mr. Ross said, thev were not liabilities, thea it was tint of so much importance. Then, if they took Mr. Cooke's view of the case, they might or might cot consider them as lia bibties. Ravins listened carefully to those who were competent to speak ou the question, and having thought over the matter himself, he had corre to the same con.lusion as Mr. Coake. A pocd deal of misunderstanding existed with regard to the unexpended balances. One would naturally thinkthat they were so much money in the hands of the Treasurer, bi-t he ventured to suggest that the more correct term to apply to them would be Ministerial over-estimates. (Mr. Ross—' Hear, hear.') Tbe Treasurer no doubt would be dis satisfied with bis definition, l«cause it reflected not evily upon those who had occupied the Treasury benches, but those who occupied ttiam then. Mr. Cooke well likened the case of the Trezwrer to a lord instructing bis steward to expend a certain amount of money on his estate ; but Itis steward finding- be could not the question of a liability or not depended upon whether the steward bcund htmse'f by a contract to a third potty. The Minister represented the House, and the House tbe colcir. .tie need Eiarcaljr say that aa individual rouid not be indebted to himeeif. The House voted the money, but the colony provided it ; and whether there was a liability or not depende 1 nprn whether any contract had been entered into with a third party. He submitted th ?l npon the votes of the House as soon as any building can tract was entered into with a third party a liibiiity was created. And there might be a liability ia arctber way. If the House had by its action in duced every portion of the community to alter the'r position, then a liibiiity was created. He would take, for instance, the breakwater at Port Victor. In consequence of the vote of the House members of tbe community bad spent money in improvements, and there was in consequence a moral obligation on the part of the Government to have. that work earned out To that extent, there fore, be maintained that unexpended balances were habiBties. The Treasurer brought forward these? unexpended balance?, and upon his ipst dixit told the House that the country was so much the worse ; offtban was anticipated. He would assume that Le (tbe speaker) was quite incorrect in the condu sicn be arrived at, and liiat the Treasurer had pio^erly brought forward all these unexpended balances, ana that they were a liability to the colony. If they were then carr.e question whether 'here was such a deficit as ihe Treasurer said. These Estimates only bad referenre to the present year, and cot to the future. Ia laying them on the table the Treasurer told them he would be able to carry all the woiks out, but that he was sure he would require all the money he asked for. The only way to see if the Treasurer's view was well founded was to examine the pa»t with the data at present before hon. members. The ex-Treasurer (Mr. Rose) had accused the Treasurer of overloading the Estimates, and then making it appear thit there whs a deficiency. Mr. Rosb bid pointed out that during last 3 ear there was what he (the speaker) called an over-estimate oi £247.000 -money voted out not expended — (hat, the Treasurer said in his speech tbe Guvcrnuient had done all tbat men could do to spend ou public works. But he said it »as physically impossible to expend the money: thev had net tue man-por.er unless they entered into opposition with private enterprise. Then Mr, Kges put it to the Treasurer if he could not last year spend a smUlcr sum would he show thv House wherein be was warranted in saying be could speed a larger cum. He only wished to do tight according to the light that was before hiu-, but he could not help regretting that the Bouse had no reply from the Trea surer on that point. (Hear, hear.) It was a matter that required explanation. Surely if the Treasurer could spevd so much time in dupuVs with Mr. Koss Le -xuld answer the questiou put by tbe hon. member. But hon. membra were as much hi the dark as ever. In examining the Estimates hop. members always found that there were over-estimates to be brought forward, and as he had pointed out there was £247,000 which he ctuld only infer was to be brought forward or otherwise dealt with. These unexpended balances seemed to him to be mutable things. They were n.niething with one Government and another thiug with a succeeding Government- used by one Micittry to make the colony's position appear shining, and by another to make it appear gloomy, according as they wished to increase tbe credit or debit. He should like to hear the Treasurer explain how he expected to get through, the money he asked for duiing the present year. Unless lie had some explanation fiom the Treasurer he should conclude that there was no deficiency, but on the contiary our annual revenue was suffi cieit to meet the expenditure, and that there were en the Estimates huge sums which it was beyond the power of tbe Government to expend. (Uear, hear.) On tbe larger consideration of the position of the colony generally under the present— he would not say profligate, but lavish system of expenditure— hon. membera had not thought proper to dwell. Spine hon. member* seemed to think that they might go on much as they had been going without considering that sooner or tater aday of reikoiiog woi'ld come. He told his constituents that not only did he think they ft u/ lit to retrench, but that they ought to provide by some means of taxation for paying off liabilities that had been incurred. He agreed with the Treasurer tbat the system . of playing upon the Land Fund was a pernicious one. It must produce ruin in the end. (Mr. Bundey — 'Hear, hear.') He could not find that the Trea enrer in his Budget speech was more hopeful than he was on that point. The hon. member for Vic toria bad pointed out that during the past five year 3 our population bad increased IS per cent., our revenue 25 per cent, and our expenditure 45 per cent. If they deducted from the IS per cent, increase of the population tbe number of persons who bad been brought into the colony, and were actually engaged on public works, they would find there was a very great reduction. The Treasurer said — ' We are 1 elling our agricultural land very rapidly, and a toed deal of the prosperity of tbe colony is un doubtedly occasioned thereby, and also by the expenditure ot so much borrowed money, aad by the increased ('uslorna and other revenues ?n respect of ihe fleeting populating and fleeting liusicetp, which, bo to epeak, will beat au end when the large loan woiks of a million and upwards a year are dene away wiih. (Cheers.) In plain words, in order to continue your present rate of prosperity you must keep up your present ex. penditute in the same way and ratio. Otherwise when you stop there is bound to be a reaction, and pcfsibly a disorganization ot the finances. If -ou fcuild i-n permanent prosperity absolute with 'Ut reckoning on bad seasons, and without reducing your expenditure or making some provision for ihtse bad seasons, financial difficulties wiil arise.' lie agreed wiih the Treasurer in every word of 1 hat, but te would atk the Treasurer how long that ileetir.g population was to be encouraced by this wi!d expenditure; when was to come the happy lime when they expected to receive aB well as to pay cut ? He supnoted the answer would be when the colony is developed; but when was that millennium to be! ,'An Lon. membe- bad said that would be hard to answer, but he supposed it would uot be in our time, though it might be ia the time f f cur children and children's children, whom the Treasurer bad referred to when he addressed his t-enstituents. That brought him to the question— What was the object for which the Treasurer required this money? If he required it for the purpose of doing something towards reduc-.ng present liabilities, though be believed he would be :u a minority, he would give his support; but when the Treasurer baid that he wanted the money to enable him to increase the current expenditure, he felt inclined to oppose him. (Hear, bear.) Was this taxation to make up a deficiency in the ordinaiy revenue or to supply the hiatus that would be caused by tbe retorm of tht tariff? The refcrm of she tariff wa* looked upon rn all hands as desirable, and it biinz agreed that th&t; reform would create a deficit, it was important to know what the taxation was ?leeiredfor. The Treasurer had spoken plainly ia his speech. He said there would be a deficiency of £)72,UC0 at the end of the yeir. and that he expected to make by the BUI £140/00; and he thought by means of that £140.000 and a wtss expenditure this year and a judicious one the# next that they would be able to cet along without further taxation. Hersaid :— ' I believe taxation is necessary, and that ift we don't have taxation you will very greatly injure this country. I believed so two years ago, and I believe that if we had had taxation- not the particular Stamp Bill, because I do not wish to say anything which may appear to reflect on gentlemen outside this House or inside the House by saying whether I was right in that respect or wrong— but if we had had some wise taxation then the country would have been far better off than it is now, and we should have had more public works and a far better revenue. ('.No' from several members of the late Govern ment.) It is demonstrable br nBiires. and any one who looks into the finances will tell you that if you go on getting £240,000 or £250,G00 to the bid in three years you cannot continue tbat for ever. Here is a distinct deficiency of £I6G,COO or £170,000 which there would not have been if there had been taxation.' lie went on further to say:— 'It is worth while fighting for it, and I promise to attempt to reform tbe Customs tariff if I am here next session, whether there is a Customs Union or not. I shall have to do it it there is a Customs Union, and I premise to try to do it if there is not. Now. how am I to get the money to make up this deficiency? ' He further said — 'If ycu say go in at ones for Customs reform, then you may pass a resolution faying that the taxes shall be a shiuing and six pence; but I thmk that with a wise Government tHsyraranda judicious Government nextyeir— ihat isto say, oue who will not increase the expen diture bejond the revenue— that ut the end of tvo yeais, with the taxation I propose, tbe excess will te niped out and tiie accounts balanced.' He thought that was moderately clear. (Bear, hear.) If largaage wjs to have a meaning attributed to it the Treasurer there siid there would be a defi ciency of £172,000. If they gave hioi a lax of 6d. pe. head be would be able to manege, but if they wished tbe Cu3toms reformed 1-c would require another Is. per head. If ths figures of the Treasuier were correct be was prepared to accept his conclusions. He pointed out that a O'stoms Union was being neeotiatel and tbat it was undesirable to touch the Customs at present, bui. if they were to be touihei the further amouDt cf Is. per head would be required. The financial debate went on and tbe first item of the Estimates was carried, and the Treasurer then pot'up to move his resolutions for taxation. And then they found that a complete alteration had taken place in the views of the Government. And they found that tbe object of the Ministry was primarily to rectify the present unfair incidence of taxation. If the incidence of taxation was to be reformed mciely the taxing of the propertied classes in this way wcull have, that effect, but the Treasuier told them that almost immediately be would seek to reform tbe tariff; and yet he asked them to consider that he was consistent. Taking the speech and theBe resolutions he would ask whether the Treasurer wanted the money to enable him to reform bis tariff or to supply tbe deficiency caused with tbe tariff as it at present stood. In asking that he was only asking what other members bad asked. Mr. King had said if the amount that waa to be imposed were to fill up a gap that was to be made in the Customs by reform of the duties he would support the Bill, and in that he con curred. The Treasurer, however, said pa.=-s the Fill, and in a fortnight you will have the reform of the tarifl before yon. as he would be able to see bow much of tbe money raised could be taken to make up the deficiency and how much muht be given up on the Custom*. But it did not take much mathematical skill to ecnble hoa. members to see that when £170,0'3O was attempted to ba nrovided for out of £110,060 there was not a kr-w balance left One of two things was the casj. Kith er the Treasurer knsw there would bs no de ficiency -and hi* figures were wrong, or his figures rere right and be knew tbat he wa3 deceiving the House. If the figures were wrong the Prarak: should have ackncwledRad that and replied 10 Mr. JRoss. and the House would have gladly accepted the statement ; but when he spoke in, taU way to them it seemed as if tley were beina treated as ally children— (Hear, hsari-and not like orhnary men. If he knew that there was no deSdensv. from what point of view diet he ask for the Bill ? He prepared it for one purpose and asked for it for another. He pointed out that it waa prepared to make no his defic:ency, snd then he said they ha-1 L nodefiaency. and if it was given to him he would apply it to another puxp:se. Were box memlwrs I men or children ?— (Hea-, hear)— and did the con stituencies send them there to see that the govern ment was properly Edminbtered. or were they to take the promises of the Government an! gi -e them what they pleased to ask ! (Hear, bear) ;f the Treaiurer had a deficit to make up with th money be would have no balance to go in lieu of Customs duties, so that it was treating them as children to talk of doing anything with a balance that he plainly would not hays' He put this to the House with no unfriendly Bpirit to the Govern ment— (Hear. bear)-baving come in as an inde pendent member; but he thought that the Trea surer had not treated the House fairly in this matter, and that one of his unquestionable ability and energy might think a little higher of human nature— (The Treasurer— 'I could not')— and treat the House with more openness. If tbe House had been treated fairly he was cure that there was sufficient manliness in it not to have thrown any unnecessary impediment in the way of the Government- (Hear, hear) -but in this and some other matters tbat he would have to refer to tbe Treasurer had not been fair to the House. They bad no right to be asked to pass a Money Bill for tbe Treasurer till he told them what he wanted tbe money for, and in that the Treasurer bad shifted bis ground. He could not know what i be deficiency would be which would be caused by a revision ef tbe tarifl; but he told them that if they parsed t'.ie liill he would be ready to tell them what be would do about tbe tariff revision in a fortnight. (The Treasurer— 'Ho, I did not.') He had then misunderstood tbe bon. gentiemm ; but at any rate he bad said he could very soon do so. He had t&id; if they forced him up to Cliris:ma8 with tl.is Bill he could not do it; but if they passeu the Bill in the next fortnight he would be able to tell them what should be knocked off tbe Customs duties. They should be told intelligently what was wanted. But first the Treasurer wonted a larger sum, then he came down to a taxation of bd. per bead, and said that if they gave him that be would be able to manage? the deficiency in tbe revenue and reform the Customs aa well, ll'he Treasurer— '2-io.') Perhaps be had not meant to say bo, but he barf not been long enough in Parliament to understand the various meanings of these involved sentence?, acd could only try to git at the ordinary meaning which they would bear. Under no circumstances should tbe House p»bs the Bill without more material before them. He would po fuiiher and say tbat after tbe way in which the Premier had treated the House he should net ask them to take anything on credit. During tbe last fortnight they had seen 'constant shifting aocut and alteration of intention on the part of the Ministry — (Tbe Treasurer— 'No') — which was enough to make them sceptical about promises in tie iuture, and very cartful before they voted money whicii they did not know precisely was wanted. He must take the 1 remier a little way back to show that, however reluctantly, be had beea : 1 iced to the conclusion that his promises were not always trustworthy. Wben before bis con stituency tbe hon. member had told them that he -iid not inteud to impose taxation. Cine Treasurer— 'I did not.') He would go back a little further still, ji;d would do the hou. member the justice 10 Quote txactly what ue said upon this point. When he introduced the policy of large expenditure it would be remembered that he had introduced taxation; at least he told tbeni that he proposed taxation as at 11 aa expenditure. He had introduced a Stamps Bill, which the Hon. .L. Glyde had appropriately called a trumpery little BiiL That had not passed, aud he bad not defended his action then except to hay that his conduct was not so black as it had Uen painted. Tbe Bill was not passed, and so succeeding generations were left in absolute igiiorarce of tbat glorious arch which fhated like a rainbow on the mental vision of the JPremier, to wiiich th?t keystone was to give coherence. (Hear, hear,) They had beard no more of that great necessity, and the Treasurer thought no mure of it now. He had told his constituents wheu be was before them that he bad not said what his views were about taxation, and had justified himself by saying that the matter was one on which tbe Cabinet mast Hgree, and tbat it should be divulged fi.st to the Parliament. But if he bad not made up bis mind why did he tell tbe people of Encounter Bay that he did not mean fresh taxation ! The reasons he pave misht have justified reticence, but scarcely deceit. (Hear, hear.) He said the t fleet would have been most injurious if he had baid that he meant to alter tbe Cuotoms duties, as ibe merchants would have caused confusion. But on the 26th March appeared in the papers— not a statement, but in the form of an address— what in fact was a manifesto of Miniate: ial intentions. First tf all he said— *'I low have the responsibility ot announcing to you the policy of the Jovernment of this province for the ensuing Parliament'— (Hear, bear)— and then further on— 'We have agreed to enter into negotiations with the Govern ments of New South Wales aud Queensland I.r the piupcse of endeavouring to arrange a Customs Union between ihe three colonies; and although I admit tbat the incidence of taxation at present bears unequally on the different classes of the com munity, yet, in view of the certainty of an altera tion of our tariff should such negotiations be, as I hope, successful having regard to the very pre judicial effect upon trade and commerce of frequent changes and bearing in mind also that the revenue b in aflouiishing condition and will be considerably augmented by tbe results of our intended land pel cy, I think it will be undesirable to propose uny additional taxation during the next session.' (Hear, hear.) Where was the second reason of the Premier roce? The Ministerial intentions had been carefully considered, and they had determined that thsy did not intend to touch tbe incidence of taxation ?turing the present Bcssion. Then came the liudget rpeecb and the explanations of the deficiency and -iie Treaeuier's means of providing for meeting it. I lie Treasurer then explained to the House in dear ui d straightforward words hiiv he meant to make tr.c deficiency up, and, not asking them to Ijust to fleeting words, had brought down resola tic.T.s showing the intention of the Government. These had been prepared they were told by the Attorney-General and himself, and as both were iten of known ability, and they must have joined iu drafting tbe reaolutious, because they knew they would be the subject of considerable discussion, it was only just 'to suppose tbat they expressed accu rately what was intended. Tbe Budget speech had been delivered on the 3'.'th July, and the debate teas adjourned till tbe Sin August. Oa the 31st tbe Register bad commented strongly on there being no direct property tax. Between that time and the time when the Trea surer next spoke the matter was referred to in no 'tss than four leaders in tbe Register, in every instance expressing regret that there wa3 no tax levied on the annual income of property, and pointing out that the effect of the Treasurer s pro posed scheme would be to leave vacant lands which were held by capitalists as speculations, and which were increasing in value to a much greater extent than any rents that could possibly bs obtained from them, piactically untaxed alto gether. The Treasurer bad every opportunity of explaining to them any misapprehension that bad c ccurred, but he had not said one word on the subject Messrs. Boss and Cooke in their speeches had referred to the same thing, pointing put tbat the taxation would be merely on the gains and profits from and not on property itself. The first item of the Estimates was then carried through unexpectedly, tbe Treasurer himnpif fully bslieving that tbe debate would have lasted till late on that day. It was perfectly clear to him that if the debate had lasted till the present time they would have heard nothing from the Treasurer ex plaining tbat the language he bai made use of in his Budget speech meant anything different to what they all understood it to mean. That item having been passed, the Treasurer rose to speak on this motion; acd then be told them qu'te quietly tbat tbe resolutions submitted to the House were intended as annunciations of prin ciples, tbe details of which would be more fully tivtn in a Bill to be brought down subsequently. The Treasurer mentioned this because hon. inembus might suppose that he was wise a'ter the fac*'. When tbe resolutions were brought down the first one was found to be a new one, of which they bad not heard anything before, which had not been hinted at, and of which they had little dreamt. Kesolution B was a verbatim copy of that submitted to the House in tbe Budget speech, with the exception that the words 'other than real property' had been inserted. The Treasurer in this matter had proved himself either absolutely untrustworthy or else unaccountably wanting in judgment and penetration. Observing, as he must have done, several articles in the paper, and knowing tbat he bad been attacked day aiter day by members of tbe House for not haying had a clause like clause A in the first reso lution, and remembering that he had not said a word to undeceive anybody, he was very reluctantly forced to the conclusion that the Treasurer was mistaken when he said that he intended resolution A all along. (Laughter.) Tbe Treasurer spoke cheerfully about the Hon. the Attorney-General being prepared to share the blame with him- Of course they knew why the Attorney-General had been introduced. They all liked the Attorney General so veiy mncb. he would cay so most un affectedly, tbat the Treasurer felt tbat he would S-e throwing a popular c!eir.ent in tbe scale if he chared the blame in common with his colleazue. (Laughter.) The Treasurer's conduct throughout was to be summed up in one of two things— and he did not care which ha took, because either was equally unpardoniT'le—eithar he was mistaken in the statement which hs now made that he intended it all along, or else he was treating the Bouse with tbe most abso lute and grossest discourtesy. (Mr. Kos» — 'Hear, hear.'') If the Tre surer admitted that any misapprehension arose from the mistake, he apologized for it himself, and said that the cheer of the hon. member for Unltaparinga encouraged him in apologizing-, so that he recognised that he bad been in fault m either not baring expressed himself at all or else in having used language that was absolutely inaccurate. There could be no excuse for tbe Treasurer not havics informed the House of the TT'gtt»ks which he had innocently led them into. What a farce would be then- pro ceedings if they were to be played with in the mancer in which the Treasurer had been playing with them in this instance. He felt that tbe ex planation -mattered sot whether it would be correct or otherwise. If it were not correct, then, of course, no words would give expression to tbe extent of his offences. If it woe correct, be bad been guilty of allowing time to be wasted which he might have economised. Hs felt strongly on (he subject or he should net have said what he had said. Although he was deeply sorry for it, bs felt it his duty to make these remarks. He felt he had some higher duty to perform than simply to consider whether or not the expres sion of bis opinions might be pleasing to this m ui or nnpleasing to that. He only shared the feeli 1/ of every member of tbe House out of the Ministry wben he said that they had been badly used in this matter. Whether members were supporters of the Government or were opposed to them, he ven tured to say there was no man who did not sympa thize with him in saying that there waf just reaeon for complaint The Treasurer in this instance had not behaved in such a way as to gi re them th -t confidence which would induce them to accept his word of promise. Reverting to the principles of the taxation he bad not much further to sav. On the question as to whether a property or aa iacome tax was best he did not propose to address tbe House at present, further than to Ray in effect that be was disposed to agree with the remarks of the hon. member for the Burnt (Mr. Bounsevell) as to 11 property tax being preferable and as to the reasons on which that tax should be preferred. He was pleased to hear the Treasurer in his Budget speech say that be had arrived at the conclusion that ' honesty was tbe best policy.' He believed that in a great many matters dealt with in the Budget speech he intended to deal fairly and openly with the House. Some change of bis tactics bad come since; but he confidently hoped that the time would come when the Treasurer would recognise not orly that as a matter of expe diency honesty was the best policy, but that he would recognise it as a du'y to bs straightforward from the higher motives of rectitude ana principle. (Bear, hear.) Mr. BOSS Baid he rose to offer an explanation. The bon. member who had just resumed his seat tvidently misunderstood bis opiciens iu regard to unexpended balances. He never said that unex pended balances were not liabilities. He hai always in speaking of unexpended balances sposen of the way in which thev were treated by the Imperial Parliament, acd that was that such portions of them as it was deemed necessary to bring forward for expendituie became charges against tbe revenue of that year, and that they could not by any possibility bs made charges against the revenue of the past year. It was ia that sense that be differed with the Auditor General ard the Treasurer. - The TKKAijTJKKU (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said that before proceeding 10 deal with tl.ea'.ncndnisut proposed by tbe hop. member for Victoria he would like to deal with tbe remarks of tbe hop. member for Barojsa. That hon. member had said that he bad no ill feelinc towards him, acd from the way in which be said it be believed that be would be disposed to treat him fairly and justly, but he was bound to say that be had not done sou the concluding part of bin speech at all events. When the hon. member heard what he had to say he believed be would admit that he had done him an injustice. In a 'no-confidence'' debate there might be occasion for hon. members firing up, but in a debate in Committee of Ways and Means it was U6US.1 to debate in a different way— they were not supposed to be let loose so far. The hon. member had said that he had been discujsinx usque ad nauseam diflerences between himself acd the late Treasurer. He would earnestly ask was that a fair charge to bring against him when ihehon. member himself complained of his not having answered the ex-Treasurer! He might sav that he had taken notes, and if the discussion had lengthened be would have made some comments on tbe remarks of tbe hon. member for Wallaroo. It was not out of any disrespect to him tbat he had not done sc When be found the tone and temper of tbe House, and he was responsible for the management of the business, he thought it advisable in the interests of the public service and of the independent country members that tbe whole discussion should be gone through in Com- - mittee of Ways and MeanB. tie was not going to refer to the differences f-etween himself and the late Treasurer again unless the House asked questions about them. ( 'f course if questioas were put to him he was bound to answer them to the best of bis ability. Then the hon. member had charged him with shuftl ng, and in saying this he was not doing justice to him. The bon. mem'-er, like himself, was the wearer of tbe Queen's sitkand a member of the same Iearaed proiession, and as he accepted his word eo should he accept his. He had done him a great injustice in pretending to doubt him. He would say emphatically again, and every one of his colleagues would bear him out, that wben they made tbe original draft of tbe reso lutions which they said they would submit in Com mittee of Ways and Means it was absolutely precisely and literally the same as was on tbe Notice paper before the House. The hon. member must recollect that they could not devise a scheme of taxation in a new country where theie had been no taxation before, and bring it out right in eve.y word and on every point, it required a great deal of thought and discussion and references to autho rities and statutes. The Government had several :-nxious discuss;ons in Cabinet on the subject, and came to the conclusion that they should submit a property and income tax on the basis of these resolutions. The Attorney-General who took a preat deal of trouble in the matter, undertook to draw up the necessary Bill, it bsingone which was more difficult to draft than ordinary Bills. The time then came foi him to prepare for his Budget speech, and he was so hard worked that he bad nut had time to consider anything in reference to taxation. The Attorney-Generil brought up resolutions as near as possible in accordance ni'.h the scheme devised. When he gave the cotice itself be told the House he would naove it m Committee of Ways and Means, and tbat be would then explain the taxa tion proposals more fully. He thought hon. members after bearing these remarks would say tbat the suggestion made that he was endeavouring to mislead the House was not warranted. If ihroufh any discussion in the capers or in the House he had altered his policy he would not have been ashamed to have said so. If there was any czEe where a Government was allowed by constitutional usage— even required by constitu tional usage— to alter their policy it wa3 03 a question of taxation. If be saw any reason for altering bis policy he would freely confess it. Sup posing he had altered his policy, what wrong hrd he done the hon. member? He had given more tli an a week's notice of the words of the resolution, it would have been stark madness for him to nave Indulged in the Mephistophelean tricks imputed to him. Be could assure hon. members tbat the scheme devissd by the Government was put before them in words as near as possible. In submitting resolutions they could only submit general prin ciples, because they had to be contained in a Bill {riving fuller details. He had no desire to trick the House in any way. There was no reason why be should not give bon. members all information they were entitled to. He knew perfectly well that smy; backwardness in giving in formation only tended to injure the man keeping it back. In Baying that be had done what was unjust, dishonourable, and discreditable, tbe bon. member for Barossa did himself an injustice. He did not expect that hon. member expected him to go into the question of unexpended balances. After all it really only mounted to this, that if they were going to spend tbe money it was tbe same thing whether they revoted tbe money or spent it as unexpended balances. He did not think any practical result would be gained at the present time from dis cussing that question. He admitted that it was an important question, and that there was a good deal in what Mr. Glyde bad said regarding tee future. That could be discussed by a Select Com mittee of Privileges. On the present occasion he thought it would be a waste of members' and of public tune if they went into the question, because important as it was it had no practical bearing on the question before the House. He now came to the parts of tbe speeches of the hon. member for Vic toria and of the hon. member for Barossa with regard to these resolutions and what he intended by them. The resolution of the hon. member for Victoria was not a fair one. Be did not say this in an unfriendly senee; but be felt that if tbe hon. member wished to assist the Government in reframing tbe Customs tariff and tbe incidence of taxation his amendment was not a fair one to them. It was impossible to do tbe two things at once. (Mr. Ward— 'Hear, hear.') The hon. member would not have done it if he had been Treasurer. (Tbe Hon. h. Giyde — 'I would.') The hon. member knew he would not He might do it to set into office— (laughter)— but not tf inofScsand free from bis friends outside. There wa3 no instance in this colony where an amendment of the Customs and the imposition of fresh taxition had been proposed together, and he knew of few instances anywhere else. (The Hon. L. Glyde - 'They need not be in the same Bill, but they could be simultaneous.') That would stop all public business to Bay we will put so much tax on property and income, and tinker at tbe Customs at the same time to balance things. It could not bs done. (Mr. Boss— ?'BirBobertPeeldid it.') Pos sibly; but he bad a strong party at his back. If hon. members wished the two things done together they had tbe means of doing it. If hon. members would tell him they honestly, and free from party manoeuvres, desired this, and would assist him if he tried to carry out their wishes, he would consider what those wishes were. But it could not be done with a hostile Opposition watching every move. As to putting on taxation, it was true he had pro posed U; but he was in the hands of the House. If they desired they might insert a proviso in the Bill that the income acd property tax should not be paid till tbe Customs had betn revised. OLr. Ward— 'You refused that.') He did not refuse it. He said he would oppose it. He was not going to open his mouth and swallow that. (&Ir.; D jwner — ' You u-id you would cousider your positioa') The hon. aud learned member was not qnt-ting him fairly. He was not quoting what he said, bat what his opponents said he said. What ha really said wax — ' if an amendment is carried again.:, the Government on this taxation question in a fair spirit the Government will treat it ina different wjy than if carried in another spirit.' If the amendment were carried in an offensive way self-respect would demand that be should treat it differently than as if be were desired in a constitutional way to carry out the constitutional wishes of the Hou^e. He was not responsible for whit was said in the paper;. The hon. and learned member knew that what he had just said was what he said previously. If hon. members desired to have a revision of the Customs duties before frash taxation was imposed they coi'ld do so by adding tbe proviso to wnieh he had already referre i or by stopping the passage of the Taxation Bill till the other thing was done. Aa Mr. Ward reminded him he would oppose such a proviso. But he had premised that if this Bill became law he wo;iii consider immediately the best way of revising the tariff. If he did not do eo bon. members could either carry a resolution tbat he should do so, or insist on doing it in Committee themselves, or else turn him out if not keeping his promise. He never said be wonld do it in a fortnight. What he said— that day week, wben question after question was being asked, for tbe good of the country no doubt, but in a manner that was not pleasant to the Minister questioned— was, 'If you are so burnuwly anxious to revise the Customs and to pnt on a property tax, if you cany ray property tax in a fortnight 1 will undertake to bring the other matter down this session.' And he added that he would not do so if the Bill were not passed till October or November. It would give him a great deal ot credit, both in this colony and on tbe Con tinent, if be could reduce the Customs duties, and nothing would- more strengthen the position of the Government and make him more personally respected as a successful politician. But he knew tbe difficulty and the labour involved, and he was not going to attempt it under circumstances that rendered it imposuible. (Hear, hear.) Ue did not promise his constituents that he would impose fresh taxation. He told them that he could not tell what be would do till he saw how tbe finances looked when he made his Budget speech : hut he said that if he fouud the expenditure could nut be kept down to the revenue, aad if he felt taxation was necessary in the interests of tbe colony, tie would face the difficulty of proposing it. The hon. member asked him to be bold, and said be would have dealt d:fle~ lently with him if he had done «o. Was not this being bold ? As far as reasonable boldness was corctrred be did not see more could be expected Uian facing tho House with a Uxaiiou policy. (Hear, bear.) At all events it was nut cowardly, (cheers.) Tbe hon. member said t'ie incidence of taxation ought to be reformed. There was not one man in the Mouse wbo would stand up 'and say mouey should be taken from the revenue ucJew there was something to make it up. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. L. Glyde was an old Treasurer and an able man. and almost the father of the Mouse— he was in respectful Opposition. (The Hon. L. Glyde- 'I am now.') Undoubtedly the hon. member had been ia Opposition all nlon?. (Laughter.) So soon as he saw 11 change to ue in Opposition be had shown be would rather be a triion EmcDH the minnows than one of the minnows. (The Hon. L. Glyde— 'Kot till last week.') He did not want to be disrespectful, or to deviate from » bat he intended to say. Tbe hou. member was in Opposition, and he would ask him whether it would be right to take £luO.OOt) or £l.rO,(H)U off tbe Customs in the present 8 bte of the finances without seeiug his way tv- make it up! If tbe bon. member could do ;o. aad govern the country as it ought to be governed, and develop its mojrets as they ought to be develtpcd, then the hon. member was the man to be Treasurer, and would be the saviour of this country. (Hear, hear.) But the hon. member could uot do so; he bad cot eveu ventured to say that he could. The Government fell that the nizuly course wts to give them the amount required before taking it off tbe Customs, and thm it was not fair to expect them to do the two things together. As soon as hon. members settled w.if.t they would put on they would see what could be taken off, and if they liked to do so tbey could accomplish tbeir object by a proviso to trie Bill. He respectfully asked the House to reject the amendment. Mr. WARD said he sympathized with the Treasurer in the new experience he was beginning to have. (Laughter ) There seemed to be so:ue amount of poetical justice in the fact that he was actually complaining of hostile opposition, and the complaint seemed a peculiar one from an hon. member who bad opposed every Ministry of which he was not a member. He (Mr. Ward) could smile at these things from tbe point of view from which he spoke. (Laughter,) He was glad there were in the House a fetr younger and more eager spirits who would keep a sbarp look out on the Treasurer and expose bis little weaknestes when necessary. But be had passed all that. If he could agree with the Go vernment policy be would vote for it; but he could not do so and should therefore oppose it; neither could he support the amendment. He agreed with the Treasurer that it was asking the Govern ment to do that which no Government could do. It was singular, too, that the amendment did not carry out the remarks of the mover. He agreed with every word that tbe Hon. L. Glyde said in mcvirg it The drift of his argument was that a pioperty tax was necessary, not for revenue pur pose?, but for the readjustment o! the incidence of taxatioD. Then why did the hon. member not say so in bis amendment. He would then have supported the zmeudinent. Instead of that the hon. member expressed bis willingness to do all tbat Government asked but he wanted, the Government to do the two things together. He was therefore illogical and hr amendment impracticable. He asked the hon. member to deal with this question in a patriotic spirit, and apart from all questions as to whether the hon. member for Gumeracha liked the hon. member for Victoria, or vice term. In this spirit be asked the hon. member to support an amend ment which he would now propose, and which 'embodied hii views better than his own amend ment It was to insert the following words in lieu of those proposed by the hon. member:— 'Addi- tional taxation is unnecessary, but that certain Customs duties should be abolished and the revenue recouped by a tax on property.' He believed tbat that amendment embodied what the country wanted. He felt that the Estimates of the late Treasurer were veiy much more reliable than those of the present Treasurer, and that the expe rience of the past two years bad proved this to be the csse. He was afraid the Comrufrsiouer of Cronn Lands, wbo was one of the most industrious -id thinking members of tbe Ministry, was respon sible for tbe present policy of the Government lie now spoke of the policy as it was to-day, and not as it was last week or the week before. (Laughter.) He was willing to overlook little d inferences cf tbat sort. The Commissioner had said be ! aeed bis ideas on John Stuart Mill and Adam cmitK (Mr. Playford—' So.') The bon. member vaiil he had been studying these great authorities and now saw matters in a different light. (Mr. playford— ' No.') Tbat was the drift of his argument. The author of the ' Wealth of Nations' and John Stuart Mill wrote merely aB theorists, -nd knew nothing of the circumstances of South Australia; but the hon. member after consulting them said he had core? to the conviction that 'ail government was for thel protection of life and property.' (Mr. Playford— 'The primary duty.') He remembered reading something of the kind at school. (Laughter.) In fast, he believed it was a line at the top of a copybook. (Laughter.) Wbat a pity the hon. member did not apply his educa tion. Be admitted last week that the industrial classes were paying too much and the propertied classes not enough. (Mr. Playford — Hear, hear.') And wbat did be now propose? To increase ths burden of the industrial classes. (Cries of 'No, no.') Then in the name of common sense what did tbe proposition mean? Were the Government going to shift their policy again— to make another new and startling departure to morrow? Did tbey not propose to tax every income derived from labour which ex ceeded £200 per annum? Was that not an additional burden on tbe working classes? (Cries of 'No.') Was there any class worse off than Bank clerks and Government clerks, who with £200 a year had to keep up appearances and live aud dress in a style which labouring men, who .got nearly as well paid, had not to do? (Mr. Plavfori —'They will not be taxed.') They wouli be taxed on every penny above £200; and there was no class worse off in this colony than those whose incomes ranged from this sum to £300 or £100. Yet the Treasurer proposed fresh inmost b on the-n, and then would fight to the last ah to whether he would make any concessions on Customs duties. The Commissioner of Crown Lands the other day said— 'Give us this property tax first; let us see wbat it will realize, and then we will tell you what we can spare from tbe Customs duties.' He denied that that was the spirit in which to approach this question. The adjustment of the incidence of taxation ought not to be based on how much we could spare from the property tax- The House ought to satisfy itself what was right to take off, and then determine how much impost in the pound should be put on property. (Mr. Koes— 'Hear, hear.') Tbe studying of the obsolete writings of Adam Smith— (Oh)— obsolete as applied to this colony— and the theoriangs of John Stuart Mill bad muddled the biains of the Commissioner, and he i.ad muddled the brains of his colleagues afterward*. (Laughter.) He would not go into details on this question, but would base his arguments on the fuarei so clearly laid before the House by Mr. Ros», the late Treasurer. In his opinion there was no reason why they should not at once readjust the tariff. It would be a benefit to the colony if its chief port were made a freer port. The Treasurer had met him in regard to the intercolonial railway— for no one could deny that the line to Nairne would be tbe commencement of the intercolonial railway, and thu long before the first section was finished it would be found necessary to extend it to meet the systems of the other colonies. We only wanted one other thing to make the metropolis of South Australia the first city in Australia, and that was to make Port Adelaide as free as could fairly be done. He would not say every Customs duty could be abolished; but such a revision could take place as would enable the port to be so free tbat with the advantages of the railway to the other colonies it would draw the whole commeice of the continent to Adelaide and make it the first city on the continent of Australia. This was ano'her reason why the question should be grappled with at once, and hon. members whn favoured free trade- and be felt sure they were in tbe majority in that House— would probably agree vrith him in thinking so. The Treasurer tried to make the House belierre Uiat be could net meet his liabilities without additional taxation. As had been pointed out by the late Treasurer, the present Trea&u-er; estimated an expenditure for the current year which would not arid could not be realized. He did not think that the man-power of tbe colony would so increase during the current year that £300,000 or £400.000 more coold be ex pended on public works than was spent last year, and unless that could be done of course the antici pated deficit would not exist. (Hear, hear.) While the Treasurer had over-estimated the expenditure it had been ably shown by Mr. Krichautf and other boD. members that the revenue had been under estimated on the very important item of land— (Hear, hear)— so that the Committee would see how the deficit had been arrived at. It aro»e from an over-estimate of the expenditure on the one band and an under-estimate of the Income on the other. As an instance of underestimation of revenue which bad occurred in former years he would refer to the time in 1S75 wben the Trea surer first proposed to hnnf in a stamp tax. It was then stated (and be took bis full share of tbe responsibility for tbe rapport which the thea proposed measure received from him) that addi tional taxation was absolutely necessary to the carrying out of the public works proposed. Asa matter of fact tbe revenue for the half-year from January to July of the following year exceeded the estimate by £30.000. A similar error was being committed now, and be maintained that our liabilities could be met to the hut penny without any extra taxation at alL (Hear, beir.) The revenue of last year when contracted with the revenue of tbe year 1874-5 showed an increase of £400,000 in round figures. The increased t x jendi lure in tbe same time had been only £416.000. Could tbat difference of only £16,000 be deemed a sufficient excuse for further taxation? (Hear, bear.) There was another point to which he muii refer. A (treat deal bad been mads of the fact tbat the estimate of the late Gjvcrn ment as regarded the revenue) for the past year had not been realized, and that tbe present Treasurer had made another eitimnte which had also not been realized. Takin? the three principal items of revenue— Customi, Land, and Kailways— the estimate oi tbe late Treasuier on the first item was exceeded— (Hear, hear)— and the revoo whj the land did not realize the anticipated amount was that the Legislature altered the acreage optn to any one selector from two squire mi lea to one thousand acres. Of course that made 11 material difference. (Dear, bear.) But there was another element which bad a very unfavourable effect upou the levenue from land. He alluded to the rvtru spective action which had been given to tliat section of tbe Crown Lands Act which prevented the offering tf section* exceeding 5ri0 acres in area to cnd:t f elf ctors. lie believed that tbat provwion crept into the Act through an oversight, but baas once there he thought that the Government /mi done rightly in withdrawing all laud from me market which bad been surveyed in larger lots tlun 500 acres, and thus preventing any doubt wiiich inicht have arisen as to the soundness of ibe trie. However that might be, tbe practical result w,w that the sale of land upon credit for three months was absolutely suspended, aud there was necessarily a considerable falling off in the receipts under that head as compared with wbat would have been the case in the absence uf Ihe provision he had referred to. It was quite clear that bail it not been for the circnuuUuce* uietiticned the estimate of the late Treasurer would have Iwn as fully realized in vho matter of land as it had been in respect of the Customs. (Hear, hear.) Tl'en, turning to the question of railways', it should lie borne in mind that the mctrbcrsof the present Ministry were responsible for the fact that the railways did uot pay 1'hey had opposed the increased clisrpi 8 proposed by tiio late Government. (Hon. G. U. Hawker— *' Ho ; tbe sliding scale.'') lie wouid repeat that the members of the present Government had opposed themselves to the policy of the late oovernment ia the matter of increased railway charges. They had actually gone further, and no doubt under tha irfluence of an important tect-on of the com munity had actually reduced tbe charges in the Korth (on the Fort Pirie Kailwar) lo 3d. per ton per mile. (lion. G. C. Hawker — 'Hear, bear.'') That w»b the sort of policy which prevented the railways from paving. (Hear, hear, aud couuter-cheere.) PuttitiR aside altogether the question of whether the policy actually adopted was right in principle or not, be would only say tbat it was clear that if tbe views of the late Government had been followed the estimate, of the late Treasurer would have been realized, and tbe natural deduction was that the estimate of his hou. friend Mr. Boss was entitled to the respect of the House on account of the great intelligence and financial foresight which, viewed in the light of subsequent event*, it evinced. With regard to the income tax he objected to that altogether. The Commissioner of Crown Lands was not justified inputting to the House the proposition that the income tax made all men pay in tbeir due pr por tion to the State. On the contrary, admitting fiat everj body ought to pay for the protection attorned to him by the State in respect of hla life and property, it was only fair that those who had only their lives to Iw protected should pay leas than those who had property as well, (liear, hoar.) He had recently bten arguing the question of taxation with a f rientl, who a»ked whether he would let off 'those lawyer fellows'— Ue thought that was the exprisbion uned— who carncl £2,0:0 or £3.000 a year. His reply waa ' Yts.' He thought if thi-y spent th?ir income they paid their fair proportion tbrouch the Customs— (Hear, hear; Mr. Coglin— ' 80 do other people')— anil if they did not upend it tbey invested their money nnd could be got at through the property tax. If they were going to lax a man in respect of the benefits which he received from the State they had this broad and general principle. By indirect taxation a man should be made to par for the protection slfordrd to himself personally, and by direct taxation be should be made to pay for tbe protec tion which his property received. The Government proposed to retain the Customs duties or indirect taxation to some extent, and also to tax thoito incomes derivable from personal industry whbh in bis opinion ought not to be taxed at all. (Hear, hear.) Whatever form of taxation might bo adopted tbe income tax was by its very nature tbe least to be tolerated. Putting a hypothetical case : If the colony in a hundred years' time were reco vering f. om the effects of a prolonged war with seme Krropean empire it tn'ght be neceswry to impose such atn to enable it to meet its obliga tions, but not until every other means had been ixt;aut-ted. (Mr. tots— 'Hear, hear.') There were immense quantities of stock— large nocks and herds— fat eningou the lands of the Crown. Would it not be ju'ter and more in accordance with tbat equitable ahangement which the Commissioner of Crown Lands appeared to think he had arrived at of making all men pay their fair proportion to the State if the Government turned their attention in that direction and put a tax on the Block; or ilid the Hon. the Treasurer think tbat ihe stock owner*' influence in that House was too great to permit of the carrying of such a measure t (Mr. Boucaut — '1 want to get at them, too, in tbe way I have suggested. ') Tbe plan proposed by tho Treasurer would pet at them no doubt, but together with other people. (Mr. Boucaut— 'Hea r, hear.') That was not sufficient. Such a policy should bo adopted as would make the owners of flocks aud herds pay thsir proper share before anybody else paid anything more at all. Then again with respect to the railways, be would repeat that the; ought to be made to pay. Let the rates be put up until a revenue adequate to the expenditure waa received. (Hear, hear.) There was no reason why the national railways should be carried on at a loss. It was not perhaps desirable that the settlers along the railway lines should be compelled to pay tbe interest on the cost of construction of the railways which carried their wheat, but at any rate let them pay the fab* cost of carriage. It wai absurd tbat people should object to pay 3d. a ton over tha rail way when in the absence of a line carriage by road cost at least 7d. (Mr. Koss—' in. 6d. ; cries of 'Ob,' and interruption.) He was rather pleased at the interruption. The CH AlKMAN-The bon. member has twice before said that the interruption pleases him; but interruptions are out of order, and whether pleasing or not cannot be permitted. Mr. WAKD refumed— If it were 1'. 6d. a ton, so much the better ior his ai guinea t. Then, dealing with the question of the alleeed deficit uf £172,000, he believea there would be ample means of dealing with any deficiency without imposing any addi tional burden on those wbo were already aulfisiently taxed. (Hesr, hear.) He fully agreed in the necessity of revising our Customs tariff, ml if once the House could agree on a definite line of poli«y in this direction, and tbe present Ministry could cany it out,he would rather see them do it than that they should be turned out in favour of the hon. member for Victoria— (laughter)— whose views be believed to be altogether too narrow. He felt th&t; the hon. member did not sufficiently under stand the greatness of this colony ana would retard its progress. Therefore, he would do nothing to jeopardize the present Ministry for the sake pi replacing them by the Hon. Mr. Qljde. He di'l not wish to deprive the hon. member for Victoria of.any hulot tbat might be held to attach to his amendment, but thought it would be better if the hon. member would consent to withdraw it and put another in its piece, or support bis amendment that the Customs duties should be abolished, and then that the Government should have power to raise money for the purpose of making up tbe amount The TBEASUBEE (Hon. J. P. Boucaut)-Docs the hon. member for Gumeracha mean tbat the Ci'Btoms duties shall be at once token off, and that we shall then have power to raise money by taxation? _ .,. Mr. WABD said tbat was bis meaning. He did not believe that additional taxation waa required for revenue purposes, but for on alteration of the incidence. When it was decided hjw much should be taken off they could see what taxstum on property would be required- Id- 20., or 31. He hoped that bon. members would not support the amendment of the hon. member for Victoria. Mr. BBAY enquired whether tbe Treaiurer accepted the proposal of the hon. member for Gumeracha. There appeared to be a. aort ot little understanding between them. (Laughter.) The TKEASUKKK (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) thought that an election between the. respective amend ments of the bon. members for Victoria and Gumeracha was somewhat in the nature of a choice between tbe frying-pan and tbe fire. (Hear, beat, and laughter.) He thought the House would not be justified in taking off the Customs until they bad decided in wbat way they would make the amount up. They might take off tbe Customi, ard then never be able to pass tbe property tax. in which case they would be worse off than they wers now. (Hear, hear.) , „ The Hon. J. CABK thought there was practically no difference in principle between the amendment! proposed by the bon. member! for Victoria and Gumeracha. If there were he would like to have it explained. Mr. COOKB was glad to see that his hon. friend the member for Gumeracha was departing from the policy of his Melbourne friends and going in for free trade. (Laughter.) He would like to correct a misapprehension which appeared to exist as to tbe views he held about the Custom'. He bad been reported ai saying that ha looked upon tne Customs aa fair to all parties. What be really bad raid was that at present we had cot sufficient evidence before us to enable us to judge where the incidence of taxation really was. He had gone to great trouble in analyzing the accounts which had been submitted to the House, and as it was well known that hs occupations would not permit him to become a member of any Ministry his remarks mwht be received as impartial At any rate they were not conceived in any (pint of antagonism to the Government. Under these circumstances he was not pleased to find it stated in a newspaper that his remarks had been misleading because he had said that t'is revenue in the last four years had risen greatly. He went further than that. When he said that the revenue for 1874-5 amounted to £1 05t.CX-, and that the estimated revenue for the mesent year would be nearly CO per cent, more, he admitted that the ptogrepa of tiie co'.ony required thai we should go on with a greatly increased expenditure. He was aware that the extension of the areas and the establishment of pest-offices throughout the colony requited a larger expenditure in every direction, snuhis argument was that the extraordinary iuuome of ready 6J per cent, ought to be sufficient to meet this incrci.jd requirement. The particular thing in which he was cn.-\rR:d with ni's'eadinK w.b that lie did not at the sjme time say th^t the expendi ture had increased to a still Tarter extent ttua tbe revenue. He had two re.--.ocs tor not making that statement at the particular time. He had been dealing with the expenditure in another part of bi sneecb, and what be wished to show was that the expenditure would be met by this increase of nearly GO per cent., but another reason which he thought the newspaper eduor would admit was a palpable one was that if he had said that tbe ex piui'iivre had increased more than the revenue he wouldnot h-ve been tel ling the Uulh. The compari son would cot have been a fair one either because there were reasons in 187+5 whteh were a litfle exceptioudl; the revenue that year increased 11 percent., and the expenditure only 31 per teat, according to the figures of the Auditor-Genera'. Taking the pre-ent estimated expenditure they must no. overlook the fact that they were going to spend a lot more ihis year than last. B-t lie denied that they wers'. going to spend this auovit; ami when he looked at the revenue ?nd coii'iared it with what it was four years a'#o, believing it would be realized, he was justified ir saying that it would increase 60 per cent., but when lie looked at the estimated expenditure and saw substantial reasons for doubting that the amount would be spent he was justified in saying that the ex penditure would not increase to the same extent Several statements had been made and Repeated so often that the people believed them, but to many of these he was prepared to throw down a distinct challenge. They had heard a great deal about the expenditure of the last'two years being so greatly in excess of the revenue. This had 'ueen greatly exaggerated. He admitted that the expenditure during the past two years exceeded the revenue, bat the Treasurer hai a large cash balance remaining in hand from the revenue of the previous year, and this extra t mount ha' I to be sntnt. Any argument from the receipt and payments of the two ye .rs, without bringing in tbe previous year, was therefore likely to mislead. Suppose they took the year before that. It had been stated that the expenditure for the last three years exceeded the revenue. On the contrary the Auditor-General's accounts showed thtt. the revenue exceeded the expenditure by JE18J47. It might be said that some imp- oper accounts bad been excluded; but these bore so small a proportion to the whole that if they were all excluded there would sti 1 be only a difference between revenue and expenditure of 1 per cent. He threw down the challenge to any one to dh Sute that. There was another thing which had etn still more generally advanced. It had been stated frequently and persistently that the pro ceeds of land sold during the last three years had been rued for purposes of ordinary revenue. This he emphatically denied, and asserted the contrary to be the fact. The total cash received for land alienated was £1596,752. On the other hand the cost of construction of public works (excluding repairs), of immigration, of primary surveys, and of redemption of bonds exceeded that amount by about a quarter of a millioa sterling, and this extra cost bad been paid out of the gene-al revenue. Was it sot wit-er that these iirares should be put to the test than that it should be continually s;-'d that they had been nibbling at the Land Fund? Then it had been stated that since January 1, 1870\. tbe expenditure bad been greatly in excels of the revenue. He said on the contrary that the Auditor-Ueneral's accounts showed that the revenue for the last eight and a half years exceed wd the income to about the same extent as it receive t assistance from the sale of £100,00 worth of bouii*. and therefore the revenue and expenditure might be said to have balanced each other. He wus awa, e that some other statements had teen drawn up show in1; a different result; but he went by the Auditor-General's published report;, and if they were wrong it was time that tbe public were told that they could not be trusted. The estimated ex penditure this year was jE35r,£ST in exce«s ct the actual expenditure last year, exclusive of Supple mentary Estimates, which would probably increase the difference to at lean jEiC'i.CCO. From the analog) of formtr years, and fur other auu spe.i&\ ' reasons, it apper' cd almost certain that a ve.y con siderable portion o. this amount would ac* be 'pent during the year. Whi'?, therefor', it iras neces sary to provide for this year's probable require ments it was not necessary to provide by ai'di'ior .1 taxation for a portion of next year's expenditu : out of this year's income. They had alwaysund^. s toed that liie Estimates included a larger atnuuut of public woika than was likely to be carried ou aid it il were not so private employers might fmd a scarcity of labour; hut this year the amount p.-o posed was so exceptionally lanre -about £100,0)0 more than the Treasurer had told them lie was able with all his endeavours to spend lx»i year- that he was j ustified in saying it wouM not be spent (Mr. Koss— ' Hear, hear.'') Now he eaai j to another point which he thought was of v-jry great importance, and that was as to where tbe incidence of taxation should be. They knew verj well that incomes, whether of £SiXi or £1,000 a year, had to pay their proportion through the Customs; but he would point out to the House, and challenge contradiction of the fact, that ia_-t year a quarter of a million which was contributed by personal property through the Custom-) was expended on public works, which added eo much more to the value of the real property. Bearing that fact in mind and this argument, it shored that pn. petty did not certainly pay foru.e iupro.c menta on property. Besides this, an inc -me tax would not only be vexatious, annoying; and inquisitorial, but unfair. He listened with great attention to the remarks of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, in which he adduced an analogy from the arguments of many great leaders on political economy in England, but there a very different state of things existed to what did here. In England there was not that amount taken fo the extension cf works in proportion to what was taken here, but here we were progressing at such a rate that the tfftcts of tbe public expenditure on the value of property were felt all over the colony. Was it not a fact that at present the land in Adelaide was worth double and treble what it was before this large expendi ture took place on public works, and to a Kteat extent it had arisen from that expenditure? Property it«telf should pay a special tax for the improvements effected upon it by the colony. He hoped the House would be able to make an altera tion in the resolution, so as to carry out that idea. He was inclined to support the motion to that extent. The Houee might affirm the first part of the motion and strike out that in relation to tK.e ir/CGine tax. He would suggest in the fifth resolu tion that instead of the word ''on' they should substitute ' prior to.' eo that it would then read ? 'That prior to such duties being brought into operation the incidence of taxation as raise j by means of Cu-toms shoald be readjusted.' lie thought tha* would meet the wishes of a majoricy of the House and would not be bo oflensive to the Treasurer as either of the other motions wtmh had been put forward. He thought it would mee the wishes of the hen. member for Victoria He was quite willing to hear the opinion of the Treasurer with regard tc his suggestion, and if he was not violently opposed to it i-e would be die posed to help him. Mr. PAKSONS said it was generally supp )wd that a financial discussion in which long strings o figures and voluminous appendices were employed must necessarily be a dull and serious business They had found, however, that while there had no: been wanting tragic touches and tangled thicket - of contradictory figures the debates upon the Treasurer's Budget had fairly bristled with om'c situations. The present Treasurer had core e on th*; stage like the ghost of Hamlet's father, and unfolded such a dismal tale that though he had not seen any bon. member's particular hair stand on end the expression of blank dismay on more than ons face clearly indicated the belief that if tbe Ureasrner weie not forbid by bis own wonderful acumen to tell all the fecrets he knew the colony would be proved to be on the hub toad to the dogs. (Hear, hear, ano laughter.) Subsequently tbe learned Premier had appeared in the character of a masicHn, who by a dexterous movement— a ' Heigh presto open sesame'— had changed an income tax into a property tax. and plunged all the mercantile com munity into a state of profound puzzlement as to whither he was going to touch the tariff this year \- or not. (Hew, hear, and laughter.) And what ever the House might think of the method, every hon. member must agree it had been a very won derful performance, (laughter.) It had left the House and the country enquiring, ' Well, where are we now, and what will happen next!' Then they had had the ex-Treasurer, who bad proved a very Shylock — (laughter) — and demanded his pounds in these unexpended balances with a rigour and mercilessness that had been most moving. But since the House had got into Ways and Means the ex-Treasurer had reminded him of one of the heroes of the nursery. Hon. members would no doubt remember him. He meant tne man of Thessaly; and they would remember the ''riiera waa a man of Thessaly, And be was wondrous wise. He jumped into a thickset hedge. And scratched out both his eyes.' (Laughter.) Now the Hop. Treasurer had fenced himself about with appendix upon appendix— not only from A to Z but from A to QQ -(laughter)— and into that fence the hon. member for Wallaroo had jumped so often that if he had not lost his eyes he ha4 cer tainly impaired his vision— (renewed laughter)— because be could not see that he and the Treasurer were lookinj; at different ?ides of the same shield. Then they had an ex ex-ex- Treasurer, the hon. member for Victoria— (laughter)— who without being wounded h.id cried like anotuer Mercutio, ' 1 am peppered 1 warrant A plague o* both your Houses: braggarts that fish: by the book of arithmetic. \\\ u're both wron/. and you're both equally wrons. and I divide the wrong equally between you.' (Liughter ) Bs-ide^ the dauntless three several financial luminaries hid shed their light upon the Treasury chest aud the public accounts, and the ' unexpended balances' had been explained in so many diffe.-ent ways and the words had been used so many timas thitth= Houre had suffered from a horrible nightmare' and most membeis, he expected, finding the core they listened the more befogged they became bad tried by their own lights to get some intelligible idea of the situation. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Among the rest he had tried— and though he made no profession to be great at accounts he had come to his own conclusion, and the conclusion he had come to was th_a. It bad been the custom of the House to vote money for certain works which the House knew very well when it waa voting it would not all be spent during tbe current financial year. When the year closed tbe balance, whatever it might be, ma a charce against iue revenue for the next year, unless the House resolved that, it should not be spent or the Treasurer for the time beiDg shoald think fit to strike it out in lumps of XSS.554, as the present Treasurer had done, because he had 'felt it necessary not to expend and not to carry it forward.' He confessed, therefore, to his mind— or what be was pleased to call bis mind- (laughter)— there was nothing bo very mysteriuuB, dreadful, or alarming about the^e unexpended balances. The last Parliament during last cession authorized an expenditure upon the Estimates of jEI.e50.lt-?, and the Government hod spent ,£l,55*.O19, so that the actual expenditure hud teen lest) than the authorized expenditure by £118.143. With a stroke of h's pen the Treasurer annihilated £$$,554. He presumed he hid been able to buy or build eome tbioia cheaper than tbe floiu ejected, and some others he decided the countiy did not want. The Treasurer said he absorbed it That he did not think was an accurate way or putting it. He abolished ic. He wiped it out. He gut rid of it. The remaining £192,321 represented miscellaneous items 278 in number which were set forth with painful minuteness in Appendix F The practical effect — the real bonafide fact was this —that past Parliaments.with a full aud clear know ledge that they were voting money some portion oi which they knew would not lie spent, in the current year bad anticipated the future end deprived the House of the pleasure of voting £192.324, but which if thev had that o'easure they should vote in precisely the s me way as their predecessors voted it- (The Treasurer— ' Hear, hear.') Having Rot th-t length he looked further into figures to see if they were in such a deplorable ca.e as Borne of the strong language that hat! been used would seem to imply. The hon. member for Victoria with a jocularity and levity which no honest and serious-minded debtor ever displaced— (laughter)— said, 'We were present at n meetiug or creditors,' but he didn't indicate who was the debtor, unless he meant to make the Treasurer pay 10s. in the pound out of his o*n pocket and the rest of them the other 10j. between them. (Bene wed laughter.) Well, when he looked he found what certainly restored his shattered nerves. He found the Treasurer be«an the last financial year with £75,521. The actual revenue was £1,501,405— so that they had to spend £1,576,926, but they only spent £1,5,2,019 and they had £44.907 cash in hand. Uf course they had to execute the orders of their pre decessers, and he supposed to some extent pay for some of tbe goods received and work done last year, just as their successors would have to execute their orders and pay for some of the goods and work that would be done this year if the public accounts continued to be kept in the same way. The accounts were certainly worthy of re.ision and alteration. (Hear, hear.) Their transports therefore in the matter of voting must moderate to the extent of the £19° 32i, and if they were wise they should not vote what they could not spend, always bearing in mind that the Govern ment spent all they could last year, and then had £44.907 in hand which they could not speud with out entering into ruinous and mad competition with outside people— to use the Treasurer's phrase— and if every penny of the £192,324 was spent he would have to spend £l,5u5,-2ix). That was more than a million aud a half, which was a very handsome sum for a community of le~s than a quaicer o! a million, and was more than £15 per head of the popula;ior apart altogether from the expenditure on loans. And he thought while we would have to face the increased interest fur loans, we might on the other hand fairly expect that with the development of our resources and the expansion of trade— though we might not make great leaps and bound.— there would be an increase in our revenue approx-matiu« to the expenditure necessary. (Hear, hear.) And in view of this he thought there had been a good deal of very gratuitous crying ' Wolf, wolf.' and rather too much reciting of ' Over the hill to the poorhouse.' (Hear, hear.) The Treasurer said he wished to have a clean balance-sheet at the en 4 of tt . year. It was to meet his estimated deficiency ami to secure a clean balance-sheet, at the close of the financial year that he propose! additional taxi tton. 'I hat was the simple fact It was not to male those pay who ought to have paid years ago; it was iiOt to relieve those who had been paving and were now paying more tlim they ought; it ..as net to adjust the bearing of taxation, so tha: the burdens of the State might be equitably di - tn'.utei' ; but it was to provide for this estimated deficiency. The Treasurer would rdmit that he was not deing him injustice. (Ti-e Treasure. — ' Hear, hear.') He had reread carefully bis mani festo to the electors of Encoun.er Bay. In that manifesto be said— 'I admit that the incidsu.e of taxation bears unequally ou the different elates cf the comu1 ity; * but 'I th'nk it wilt be unde sirable to pio^oee any additional taxation during the next session ' becavse of the! ynticip^tcu Customs Union and disturbance to trade. He had also reiead the poitiun of his speech at (ioulw - which 'wie upon this su'ijecc. In that speed, the Treasurer said— 'I recognise the unfairueu of taxat'on in making the 'orl-'ngman pay too much aud the propertied c'oas too little, as ai present,' (The Treasurer—' Hear, I bear.') But he Lad s.vd be.'ore— '1 will not propose taxato this session rnless it be absolutely necessary.' H» wished to emphasize this point, because one of hi main reasons for supporting the Hod. L. Glvde wae that he felt strongly that it was monstrous to im pose any further taxation on those who already paid too much, even though we made tho.e pay whu had paid too little, end because there was no ' way oi lessening the unfair burdens which were borne except through the Custom-House. He regrett:d that, confusing the injustice that exist d and acknowledging the justice of the claims of .hose who were disproportionately taxed, the Treasurer had not on high groonds of statesmanship and as the people's leader come down to the House and said — 'It is more important to undo a wrong than to do a right I will uiake the propertied classes pay, but I w-ll at the same time and at once lessen and lighten the demandl on the unpropertied. (Cheers.) It would have greatly simplified the work of the House and it would have greatly strengthened the position of the Government if that principle had been adhered to. But it bad not. They were asked to impose fresh taxation first, and to be content with a promise that if they did this within a fortnight —an utterly impossible thing to do -the incidence of taxation would be adjusted. He was nr willing to do this, and wished to explain why. He main tained it was the duty of the State to make tbe burdens of the State as light as possible upon those who were compelled to spend nearly all they earn'd in providing food and clothing aud Bhelter for themselves and thoBe who were dependent noon them. (Hear, hear.) He would not appeal to authorities for support for those propositions— (Hear, heav)— thougn they could be quoted by the page. It had the sanction of common sense. It was a first principle of nalur-l justice. It was an absolute necessity of a roa'ented common wea'ih (Hear, hear.) Now in South Australia as in every other community there was a large class who h,i J to live from hand to mouth. They were without property. They had no mean. exceot what they crned by toil of br.-n and hand, and the amount they earned was onu suffiVent to satisfy the reasonab'e— very ea.on able— i dear, hey)— requirements of a moderately fcmfortable life. They lived where the Btruig'e for existence was every day's hns'nes'. and where the loss of health or hard tim~'4 involved the 'u& of income. (Uhcen.) The class he referred n include'', all laboniers --nd cr-ftsroen; but there were not all, nor were they tho:e who»e ck'-ns br wished specially to bring before the Horise. T.ie working mar h?d an army of friends, of whom be c' 'rccd tr- be one. But be waa thiuking not o the renwhowr e moleskin, but of the men who wore thieadbare broadcloth or perhaps ' ehof !y * —(Hear, he»-)— the Civil ser\\--nts in all except the ui r-cr grader, the clerks and assistants in trad and commerce, the men who liveft in houses from £40 to £70 a year, und or .whom there »a- imposed by special custom an expenditure which left a very na».ow ma;giu for laying anything bi for a rainy dry. (Cheers.) He hooed he would not be tanuf:d with being a doctrinaire or charged with sentiirentaUty becau.s he stated the** trnisms. There were times when they shoplr strike below tbe detaiir, and deal with the prin ciples t' political economy. (Cheers.) They wen «ent there not only to represent the people, ou* t-- inform the public mind. They must rem'!!^* that Governments exist for P .niaments an 1 Par liamentfs exii't Tor peoples— (Rear, hea-)— and th fi.st duty of Parliaments and Governments wai t care for all, and to protect the poor and the isnoraT from oppres«-on. Whether he was right or wroo; he maintained that the system and the scale oi taxation in this colony at present and for some years past had been relatively oppressive on those who bad smell incomes. (Hear, hear.) The Custom-House had been and now was a great en3ine of extortion. Whi'e the town acres of the absentee or the specuhuo.- ard the country acres of the wealthy landowner had been receiving an annual increment of value, and in some cases multiplying that va'ue Ly hum'-eds and hundreds per cenr., by roads and railways and publfc works, the absentee, the speculator— (The Treasurer— 'Hear, hear')— »ad the landowner had been allowed to go comparatively free. Except on the daint:cs and luxuries of life the man with £25,0CO a year had been paying to the cost of tcTernment do more than the man with £250, oecausethe staple commodities, the common necessaries of the tabls were consumed in equal quantities by rich and poor alike. No man dra ,k more tea or cotiee or used more potatoes or rice because he counted his income *-v thousands. (Bear, heir.) No man used less because his r?ay's wage was reckoned by shillings. The cottager's bit of druggn paid the same rate of duty as the millionaire's velvet pile carpet, and the shepherd's billycock hat the same as the squatter's belltopper. And if he wa- told that the Urge employer of labour paid duties on the rations he supplied, he must reply that those duties were really paid by the worker, whree wage was simply so much less. (Hear, hear.) He wanted the working classes and the people with small means to understand what they contributed to the Treasury chest, and he wish & t. show how ir.efluitab'e it was that any fresh taxa tion should be lat'1 upon persons with £25} a year. Nearly all weai ing apparel except piece good?, irerrcorjrery, woodware, glassware, stationery, tvery little nicnac and fancy aTt;cie paid equil to 11 per cent, on the prime cost, and before it came into the hands of the housewife bad an importer's and shopkeeper's prcfi1; upon that duty, which mifbt be reckoned at 25 per cent. eich. (A.a ton. mem'c«r— 'No.') Certain'y that was the case for ail luxuries. On articles of food and for domestic use a friend of his, a manager in a mer cantile house, bad compiled for him a list which he would venture to read to ihe House: -3 to 15 per cent, sugar, according to quality and highest rate upon the cheapest: 10 per cent, on potatoes: 14 per cent, candles, farinaceous food, tala 1 oil ; 17 per cent., arrowroot, blue, red herrings, pickles: 20 per cent., rice, bottled vinegar, corn flour, fresh herrings, mustard; 20 to 40 per cen',., t?a, accor Qirg to quality aud the highest rateuronthe lowest price; 25 per cent. Jamaica ginger cotTee (green), soda: 30 percent., dried fisb, kerosine, white pepper, starch; ?5 per cent., raisins, cirawayeeeds; 50 rer cent, saao, black pepper; 60 per cent., salt bulk vinegar, pearl barley. African ginger; 75 per cent., split peas; So per cent., currants; lcD per cent., chicory, which was a necessary constituent of every good cup of coffee. (No and laughter.) Hon. members might say no, but judges of coffee wouid tell them that chicory was an essential con stilutent of a pood cup of coffee. Chicory, as he had caid, paid duty at the rat? of 159 per cent, on its prime cost. He might enlarge- upon that list, bat these iteB?i were sufficient to show how the men with a weekly w?7e and a small income were ' cot ai' by the Custom-House, and how mon strously in'qnuous tbe incidence of taxation was. (Hear, bear.) He p-ked hoc. members to bear in mird tlu.t upon the duUes upon most of these ai tides there had to ts a-'lea an -m^or;er's. a merchant's, and a storekeeper's profit to cover the use of the money which was paid when tbe goods were cleared; and eve / bon. member aud every customer o2 the draper aud tbe grocer, ironmonger apd stationer knew how large an ir^mia bisexpen diture tbe comb'uedbiUs amounted to. (Hear, hear.) Sow, he might be told, and no doubt he should be. that after all ibe rate per head contributed in the foim of taxation in South Australia was compara tively emal'. He might be told that wagrs were iii-zh; but neither of these facts would alter the other fact, that the consumer with t'ae small in come wes made .o b^ar the lion's c:are of tlucost of government, and it was moie tiuu lime that ih's inequality m South Australia should c;ase. Though tbsre be no occasion for any to come cbrrouring to us as the cit:zens came to ' Tbe woman of a thonsand summers ba :k, Godiv?. wife to the grim Earl who ruled In Coventry.' yet he bo»cd, like her, they loved the people wel-. and Joat'uc' to see them over-taxeH: aud waned t-. 8li'»re in h«r reiicroa who toek the tax away, an i built herself an everlasting name. It wig not, hi intention to dit-cu&s; tbe proposition of the Govern tuent; he woulu only say ha went for a propem tar and more, that property should oay a hand some contribution to t'ue revenue. He would no* pledge himself 10 vote for an income tax. Cer tainly not unless there was some approach to a policy which made the necessaries of life cheap. He now came to another reason, which he expressed with regret, why, notwithstanding tbe earnest speech of the Treasurer, he could not tupport the Government. He did not wish to say anything offensively, but whether it gave offence c ? not he was bound to say it. He did not feel satisfied now that he understood what the Govern ment intended to do. It might be that the Government did not know their own minds. Pobsibly they could not make up their minds But upon this subject of taxation as upon othei subjects this session the Government had change'' tbsir front very considerably. They had altered their policy— (The Treasurer— 'No')— and had disappointed their friends. He would suppose that at the beginning of the session it was round necessary to amend the administration of the Act relstin,; :o education. He would suppose that wiih a great show of earnestness and wrofu.e warnings it was represented that an amended Act wasnecessaiy. The starveling liitle Bill was rushed into Conimitice ? The TREASURER (Hon J. P. Boucaut) hoped tb^t on the question of Ways and Means hon. members would not wander into other matters. He did not think ,the hon. member was quite iu order in referring to other matters. Mr. BUSS thought it very unfair for the Hon. the Treasurer to interrupt an hon. member when he was perfectly in order. The CHAIRMAN understood that the hon. member was applying hut remarks by way of illus tration, therefore he was in order. Sir. PARSONS continued — The question to which he was referring had been introduced into the House as a burning one, and the whole matter had now been dropped. Children on whose uehilt the Etme of the Deity was used in order to induce hon. members to save them from something were leit to the gutter and ignorance. Then he would suppose that the Governmeut bad certain vieas with regard to railways, but that as the Lessiou went on railways which there was no ground tc expect were brr.uciit on before the notice of the House, and brought before them in confluence of some other notice being put on the Paper. The condition of mind they were brought to now wa- that they L^d to exercise tome degree of caution as to tbe extent they committed themselves. With le-.ud to tbe system of taxation, he must say that he had carefully considered the mauer, and he could come to no other couc'usinnthpi that the words used by the Treasurer when the oi ?mv' -esoluticns were proposed were for an income tar and an inci me tax only. (Hear, hear, and Ho.) The Covciiiment allowea the discussion to go on on tiie idea that il was an iocouie l~x only, and the fact that no aucmtit wa} made to correct the f .''.?; rnpression seeuied tu him to be evidence at Je. st ? hat if 3 property tax w-s intended it would hive been revealed to th» Houce a3 such. It h^d beeu part of his duties in past yem to devots time to the study of the English language and find out the meaning oi words; but by no canon of etymology, no principle of synonym, by no law of usage co-- ti 'anhual piob'ts nnd gains' be changed Hit. '' aseesstd annual value.' As the Ecgi&ter; forcib';. put it — *'itie resolutions submitted oy the Tr*. wcr in his Eudgec speech were of a totally i--n' - rent nature to those submitted to the Commit. ti of Ways and Means; and if, as the. Trea*:i e a^eeits, ibev r muodied what he meatit oa the pre vious occasion'' ? The CHAIRMAN— The hon. member is wander ing away frcm tbe subject now in referring to i- former debate. Sir. COGLIN acVed whether on a question !-ke this an hon. men Ler could not introduce any other subject. The CHAIRMAN— He cannot quote from a newspaper referring to tfce debate. Mr. PARSONS said he would not refer to the matter further. It seemed to him that the just and proper inference to be drawn from the remarks oi the Treasurer in his Budget speech was that it waa rot the intention of the Government to touch the tariff this year, and the impression existed outside that it was not the intention of tbe Treasurer to do bo. He did not know whether the Treasurer knew it or not, but the subsequent statement embodied in the fifth resolution now before the House had plunged the commercial community of South Aus tralia into great uncertainty as to what they shoi'ld da Since the debate took place last week he bad met more than one rceirantila man who had said to him, 'I waited until the Budget speech was made, and when I saw that it was the policy of the Government to allow the tarifi to remain this year I operated. Now 1 don't know what to buy or what to sell' The interests involved were too Berious to be dealt with in an uncertain way like that. The mercantile com mimity looked td the Government for guidance on this point. It behoved the House to be quite sure of its ground and to know what they were goin* for. whether it was a property tax or an incomt tax or both. Personally he regretted that the Government was not more explicit in this mattor. He was quite sure that had they been they would have simplified their owu labours and secured the hearty support of their friends. He was most anxicus to support the Government, and in his present opposition he was free of complications or associations in the matter. He felt that it was an absolute act of justice to those who were over taxtd to see that their wrong3 were ri?hted, at ?? that a scheme of taxation should be placed on the fitatute-bcok which won1d n»t press Iieavily on people with «mall income' With these views and opinions, and feeling th?r. it was necess?rv tuis they should have a distinct and definite gro..ud tt act on. he would vote for the amendment of tin bon. member for Victoria. Mr. MAGAREY commenced to aVHress the Hous~. but his remarks were -rjaH-*ible in tut gallery. The TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said he had no desire to be rude by interrupting tbe him. member, but he desired to say that he would )-ke to take a division on the motion of the hor member for Victoria. He understood t.ie mover to say tbat it would be more convenient .o discus that first, and then to discubs the resolutions fcrioiim afterwards. He would go on with the resolutions, but of course the House could refu e to do so if they chose. If the House said it wa wrong he would not be able to do so. He wished the amendment to be put as ooon as possible. M-. BKAYsaid that the T.easurerhad a most fO'.ecient way of not i-mhrs.anding question? pat to him. J he hon. memuer for West To.ren. ?Ksi-cd to I now whether he w«pM consent t aroartfs 'oeinp reported then or whether he woul ??ait till rialf-pan 6 o'clock. Tbe TREASURER (Hod. J. P. Boucaut) siid h 'l;d not Tilerstami that the_ hon- member for We*1 Torrens had appealed to him; if he did he would have answered him in an instant. The discussion had already been 'ong enough, and he hoped it would be closed. Mr. MAGAREY had no sympathy with either the Press or those hon. members who utterly scouted the ffcnres of Mr. Kon. During the past 10 years we had spent £400,000 more than our legitimate revenue, and that expenditure had been met in various ways- at one time by a loan, at another by absorbing the balance of the fund created by Sutherland's Act. On the one band the Treasurer stated that if we spent the money he asked for we should in twelve months have a deficit of of £172,000, ai:d on the other Mr. Ross contended that tbe money could not be spent. That was a, perfectly legitimate contention (Mr. Boucaut— 'Hear, hear.'*) Mr. Ross further contended that the unexpended balances should be re- voted. (Hear, hear.) This he should support on the principle that the present Parlia ment was in an excellent position to judge whether works voted a vear or two ago were or were not now required. Wsa the £172,000 deficit a bona fide liability f If the country decided to caiTj out the works proposed of course it was; bu. taxation was not necessary unless we could carry out the woiks. It appeared to him that there were three courses open to the House- to vote for re productive works only, or to do with less works, or to submit to taxation. (Mr. Boucaut— ' Hear hear.') Let the House take a calm and well considered choice as to which of those threv courses it would elect to adopt. It should be borne in mind tbat during the last ten years we had only increased cur population 31 per cent., but onr revenue had increased 100 per cent (Hear, hear.) Therefore the contention of Mr. Koss that if we went on a little slowly the revenue would overtake the expenditure was a fair one. (Hear. hear ) If only srch railways vrere -o;ed for as w^ulJ pay for themselves further taxation would be unnecessary for nwnv years to cume. At the same time if they decided to carry out the works now proposed he should assist 'the Government in raising the money by taxation. We were making all round onr coasts a, number of jetties, the cost of constructing which must come ou; of ths general revenue; and with regard to railways he thought we we-e like a let of crsi'dun paying at ihe edge oi a wood. Lines were beirg d'jpHc-ted near the coa-t— (Mr. Bundey— ' He.'r, hear')— and m- attempt wjs made to strike off further inland: whereas he believed that the further we extended the Bybtem inland the more prospect there was Oi' making tbe first eouatrucud portions of the railwav lines pay. (Hear, he-r.) He could not defeuu Mr. Eots's asset iion that the aclion of the Govern ment had lowered the price of South Australian todds at home, or that -f the bonds were sold at a lower price this yea' th-n last any breach of faith would te committed as a??iust previous holders of bonds. The price of bonds must be regulated by the value oi money at the time whe.i they were placed on the market, (Hear, hear.) It was often taid that we ought to carry out works here as rapidly as was being done m New ZeaLnd. For bis own part he felt that a top rapid rate of prosress with Government works involved a com petition with private employers of labour which amid not but be disastrous to the productive powers of the colony. With regard to the deficit of £172.000, it would not have occurred hai the fair anticipations cf the late Treasurer as regard* the harvest and the land sales been anticipated. He could not B'.roDjIy support the proposed income tax, l'eeling that it would be too meat a drain on the legitimate energy o' the country; but he was prepared to support a piopcity tax, believing that its etiects w-,uld be benenciaS, even thuuxa it might nut bs requited fcr revenue purposes. It would make the com munity gtntraUy watch more caretudy the men they sent to Parliament and their acton in the House. (Heyr, hear.) He should vote against Mr. Glide's itneadineiii, th'okiui! that the one matter uf luxation was enough to deal with at present. He hhould be prepared to support the Government iu a property tax scheme, and did not think the Ministry should be blamed for following a course forced upon them by the country and the House. (.Hear, bear.) Ihe CHAIRMAN reported projress, and leave was givei to sit s&nri; on Ihursdaj next. Tbe --:maiu;n^ Orders of the Day were made Order j ci the Uay fur Thursday next. ADJOURNMENT. Ihe Hoc .? adjourned, at a quarter-pMt 6 o'clc i ti'l 2 o'e'eck i exi day. 