NEWS AND NOTES This day’s events:-Juvenile Industrial Exhibi tion at the Alfred-hall, with promenade concert in the evening; meeting of exhibitors, Buck's Head hot e l, 7.30 p.m.; meeting of Sheep Show committee, Craig’s hotel, ll'iaim.; football'match, secondtwentiesof ;the .Ballarat, and Albion.Chibs, 1 Saxon’ paddock. Friday ; being a holiday,a and . there being a. large’, number of strarigers.iri town, it ! was no 'wonder that ■ the; attendance at the. Exhibition '‘should 1 be /good) 2794 persons: entering , the hall, the /receipts! being' £B9 16s 6d. There was a crowded attendance'ia ■ the. evening," when a good" programme of vocal'music wap performed, the singers including v Miss" C,/Rotter,’.'a? pupibpf - Herr Schott; Misses Wightwick■. and; Howie, and..a.)M^r;from Clones,f’. ' 1 > --c; The continuation of the bearing'Lof, the case of the i. Bank, of 'Australasia v Cotohett :l and. others,- at ', -the Assize'.Court, '.took up' 'the ’/whole 'of'Friday,'' and- at ' half-past 6. o’clock-, the -jury Brought'-.in' a verdict which was in, fact a verdict for the defend-•; .ants, they having found that,'the bank had waived!, the liability of the defendants on the'promaaoryt'note. 1 for. £6OOO which was sued.upon... .v V;” t Some fools, v two inj number, as '.’we ;leMn;/arfayedi -themselves as ghosts or masked hideousheßs in'.Webster ' street'on Thursday r eyening, r and’being as brave as, foolish;'set their' : poor : wits- to work to frighten two children who were on their way hpme./jiThe/fathef A' the children informs us; that one of them!-a girl, was' Buffering all night from the; fright, •and-'had 1 riot fully ‘ .'recovered next' day. We hear that the Thorne of the' 'foolsis known,'and if rife we adviseith’e'ifather of ■ the frightened children to acquaint-the police with the facts!., . >. i~ In the' appeal to the ■ Privy Council in; the case Osbotne y .Syhnot, in'which- the defendant 1 appealed’ against adjudgment for £l9OO in an abtion!,for wrbngi ful sale of woo), Messrs Randall, Mitchell, andNevett, • the respondents’ solicitors, 1 received- ’■ by the last mail, an! intiriiatipn'. that the' appeal 1 would!’ probably be abandoned. The ‘ appellant’s /.counsel,'Sir/' /Henry; James, had advised that course; as'a recent decision of 'the Privy , Cphncil was rill-fours' with the; issue raised in Osborne v Syrinot, and was adverse to the appellant;.' Their agents in England therefore sent but for furthet instructions,- arid, the'; appellant’s "solicitors' here tiff formed, the/respondent's solicitors; on Friday that the appeal bad been abandoned, and instructions to'that effect telegraphed to England.- ;A petition to the Governor is being 'signed,, praying , that the'extreme sentence of.the law.-. may not be • carried out in the case of Richard'Herughty,-convicted ■' of murder of his wife at Egerton, and sentenced-te-’ death at the Assize Court. - We hear-tbat a good many signatures have already been obtained.,, We are informed upon excellent authority that the Government have brought pressure to bear upon ‘three - superintendents of .police;'stationed indifferent parts; of-the .colony,, to cause them! to resign their offices," The'’only'* thing agahufe''lh^;^HalB i lV : tlia^thc^' l have served the public 1 rather longer than the Govern ment think'they’shouldhaye done.' '• -i' J’ ‘What-must have proved , a moatdestructive .con flagration had it'been allowed : to gain a good start> was'luckily- discovered in- time'at Mr-'P. Beaumont’s: drapery establishment, •- Sturt - 'street, bn .Friday .'after noon., occupant'of-the adjoining, premises, Mr Whittle, chemist; while preparing to go 'put; at' ab'out' 3 p.m., noticed .smoke, oozing through a crack on tiio/ wall' of his bedroom. / .He at once instituted a/search! for/the; cause'of .this smoke, and-finding no fire onbia own premises, .looked/fi;om;hisj.verandah..into' ithe 1 . establishment ofv.Mr Beaumont,-:and -iaw, thelfront' shop filled-’with a 'dense amoke. He gaya the alarm; and a hose-reel,was ; ,soon, brought tb-the spot'and’the" hose attaobed.tp. a ping,in Eoveton,street,; the Hope , being' taken' up - a right- of-way to "the rear of lithe premises. A great deal of confusion then occurred/' aud it was impossible to find-the precise locality of the fire, though Constable:Richardson, and several others attempted to do so ih"the- midst’'of dense am'oke. After‘some 1 time the Western firetbell \wa¥ rung, but owing .to- thejapt that the ; majority of bur brigadiers .were. in. Melbourne, arid . that during. their absence telegraphic ’ ripiafflunicatioti' between I,l ' the two fire-station?; v ;has, been.,out, ; pff,,,the ,l lady of the -sound an..alarm,! and it-jvwasj Bome 'liftle time before .any- firemen -arrived l ‘it,thn scene. "''The frpnt r ahuttefs'wefe then taken'down and' a water:' from a riecorid! hose-reel was thrbwnjrifp! th‘e shop, I “tbpugh'n^ hadibeßahoUteiionto. ther-verandah ahd!thp‘.' uppert’ stdj!y/dpbded; wheraVthe/'fire/was-not; ;'. Goods,;were! flooded'arid the 1 stflbke was dnveri'but; hut’jtwM only* after careful search that .under, the counter was'found 1 the fire.' .Abouteighthoxea.of.matches,-which looked as though they bad fallen from-an upper shelf, were there found consumed,.besides alottof various kinds of; stuff, Afl'wheu.tba.baok window^was^brokann,cat jumped out, it is thought'that she caused the fire* by throwing down these matches. As matters stand Mfßeaumbnthas baeri'injured more by water than by fire, a fact that proves that piif best fire-fighters have been sent f to.-; Melbourne. lt in-due - to. Constable Richardson to say'that he used every’eiertipri'to trace the fife arid assist in evßfy.way,/but‘ the dense smoke drove hiafba'ckevery time. We are: informed that Mr Beaumont’s stock was'insufedi *'Tiia' injustice, r to say nothing, of the incorivenfence/ to suitors having‘business rit the-Assize Courts here caused by only two courts being held in the year, and then no proper arrangeinenta.being made for allowing thn,cpurt ,to_Bit long enough to get through all the amply.’ exeinplifled'.during the last week!.-iiThe Assize/.Court;,opened!on' last'Thursday, weekend the criminal cases, which bad been accumrilat irig'fof'Bbriie five mbnths'preViously. tb'ok up the time of the qpurt-.fpr. ; aj Wriek,-after^hi9h L thefa:were fpuf' heavy: ciyili:cases «to -■ beiheafd;> or.whichithnfiMtrtopk two days fp finish, thus exhausting the time of the judge, who being dpe in Melbourne on Monday morn, ing, declined to sit to-day, as he did npt consider him self bound to travel by night, and any of (he qbipi tbs parties in tKq unhejujd; will fitter have to talfifjthem tq|MelbS3inavor moptta till the next/Billarat f Court,, when the ho^ expense of'bridging witnesses to.’courtrahd wait* ing about till'-tle cases are called oirwill have to be borne again. This state of things was the cause of a .good. deaLoLuntavorable.cominent at .the,rising_otJhe Assize Court...on..Friday flight, and if pressure were brought to bear in’fee matfer rin' the proper' direction would, no ‘doubt, soon be remedied. ’ ‘ Vfe are happy to. state,.that.Mr Spillman’s son returned Jiome.on Fnday3vemng) much’ to the satia fuction of his r _ , _ .. , . v „ danger to pedestrians from "the unfenced state of’the Yarrowee Creek, between the Eastern Oval and the railway embankment, was'again proved on Friday evening, when Mr George Wilson, a Creswick store keeper, while proceeding to the railway station at 9 p.mi, missed his footing and fell into the bed of the creek. Ho fell with such force that his leg was broken above .the ankle,".tho "bone protruding-,through the skin) and he also'suffered some slight internal hurts. :The; terrible pain rendered him insensible, and Senior constable Irwin, who proceeded to his assistance, had .to procure a stretcher- from the railway station, and ‘the assistance of Constable Flahagahand' some railway employees, to convey him to the Hospital. There Dr Owen set his leg and attended to his other injuries, anditha'patient is now progressing favorably. He lay where he fell for nearly three hours in an unconscious state, ir. osi If his’ Honor Sir Redmond Barry does not leave Ballarat for Melbburna too early, today, he:will in. all probability pay a visit to the Exhibition. A meeting of exhibitors at the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition has .been; called; for this evening, at the Buck’s Head hotel, for the purpose, we understand, of making arrangements to wait upon the committee .to-ask them to keep. the.Exhibition,open three weeks, And give the profits tb'tHe'thfee local charities. '-'-A mnemonic' entertainment of a very interesting kind was given in the Mechanics’ Institute on Friday night by Mr J. H. Roberts,.the head teacher of a school out Smytheadale way, and a gentleman whose talents as a reciter have ere now called for fre quent praise from the audiences he has appeared -before, Mr Robertsi'oh'fhe pfesent.occasion chose to -recite.some of the more amusing scenes from Dickens' ■‘evergreen work, “ Nicholas Nickleby,” as where Nicholas enlivens the monotony of Dotheboya Hall by a most vigorous; and Remarkable; proceeding-in the.-directiqn «f bearding the lion, represented on this"occasion by' the; schoolmaster Squeers, in'his’own den, and where the half-witted’ Smike .-meets with- some;of his more striking adventures. ' Each, scene’ was''d 'long one to give from memory: -.without-: any flromptingf.but Mr seemed t tp ; falter;.fqr.a moment m ( his,- text, and-r,suiting the., action f ,to - ,theV word,) and in ' modulating ’"his *’Voibi‘ lJ to'' ’ suit i the' character represented for the’time being, succeeded in making them very interesting,'and at- frequent in tervals he was applauded. To keep up an interest in an: entertainment "of this sort -requires not only.- a .good deal of "energy," Fut a great"" amount' oftnatural; ‘ability for the work undertaken, which Mr Roberts Would seemito/. possess, judging from Friday night’s entertainment, and no doubt it will not be long before we shall again have the, pleasura of hearing him upon a Ballarat stage. At the intervals Mrs Hurst, and Mr Furlong provided some vocal 1 music) which was ' well 1 readered.' -Mra -HuVet 'playing: the pianoforte. She sang “ Sbells'bf the ocean,” for which she vjaa' encored, and, with MflFurlong, gave “Say, can’at "thou tell 1” from “He; Pr.es St. Qeryiis,’’ Mr Furlong flinging'the ''solos “ Will o’ the wisp” and “ Once again.” The following"'ahnonhoemehte : are : made'in-Thuifr.. day’s Gazette: —Visiting Justice, Ballarat Qaql)j.C. "Thompson, P.M. Promotions—Q. F. .-Bartrop, frofu the 2nd class to the Ist class in the ordinary division of the Civil ServicejJ., J. O’Meara, from the 3rd class .tO :the> 2nd.'.class in the ordinary division of the Civil Service. Magistrates—Within the Western Bailiwick: Thomas Gilbert, iCrerar,- Rtawell;,^Alfred-.Burrell domes, Stawell. ~ Public. .Vaccinators—James Mat thew Nolan, surgeon for Bacchus Marsh and Melton, vice J;-’ Dennistoun, 1 MlD;resigned.'-" 1 Receivers' and 'Paymasters,- and Wardep’a "Clerks—lrwin -Martin, at, Dnnolly;-j.G. F. Bateman, at Creswick, Electoral. Registrars—William Shaw, for the BlackwobcLdivi-'. sion ‘ . ,00. ‘a"K Ti?vt t f -■ ■£ : A triangular rifle mafqh)betw.e'eh,teams chosen from the Ballarat Rifles, the Naval Reserve) and the Carlton Rifles took place at the butts on Friday afternoon. It resulted, in a victory for. the.Ballarat riflemen, the ‘Naval Reserve men being second, and the Carlton) ’marksmen)" who have .been unable to bring up one or), .two of their best-shots,’ third;' The scores will be' published,on.Monday.' i0 -jg.ri.fr.- rV A,woman who seems to have run,-a neat little career "of theft in Ballarat was neatly captured at tee Western railway station on Friday morning by Detec. lives Eason arid .Hyland.; The ,latter were watching., for, this lady, and when they saw,her purchase a'ticket for Geelong, Eason took a cab and wont for Mr Little,'’ Bridge street,';that he might inspect a- certain • port manteau amongst the lady’s luggage,-answering the ; description, of .one he lost recently.’ ’ Mr Little atflhce identified thenar tide, and the. passenger,-giving; the flame of-Mfs Brown, offered to pay' him- liberally for it, protesting. against any such chirge as theftibeing Ibrought;. against Her. The .datectives,'.howeyerj ,in sisted on her visiting, the-police station, whefe-her box was examined. In it waa-fonnd a roll of black silk, 30 yards in length, which.Vaa recently stolenirom^hp 1 'drapery establishment of Mr 'Higgins,' Bridge''street;: a new woollen shawl, with.- the- price ticket still cm it;, and a quantity of underclothing and women’s apparel-, which were, missed from, the Alfred-hall pa Thursday;-' night. The detectives identified Mary Ann Wilkie, who has - been five times previously) i concerned'in'shop-lifting,-and their opinion -was -con-' firmed-by-a letter found in-her trunk, advising herto ; “ leave Ballarat at once, as matters are getting warm.” She was'arfestedjiahd will: be. dealt with) atitfie City; Court on'Tuesday At the .meeting of the committee of the City of Ballarat Free Library and. Reading-rooms). held bn Thursday, 23rd' May,' theltehder of Messrs Taylor and ElUBwas r accepted-';for Alterations and, repairs to the.premises, to make them' suitable for reading- room purposes." Tt-is expected thdt the improvements'^will’ be effected in about: a-, fortnight, .-.when the rooms will'be:’thrown open to the public.- It was aleoider cided. that-.; the- ,9th : pfNoyember (Prince of-.gales’ Birthday) be the fete-day of the institution,, and that the inaugural demonstration be held on that date this year. , f The sqorewry reported that several’leading cititena ,had; promised .donations of books as ’soon-aa the library was ready to receive theni.lt'waa're solved to advertise;in r the.local, -papers, "to sbliclt.sub sonptiona and donations of, .books) periodicals) &c.;) or any’other -contributions ’ suitable- for -: the reading roomlet library.; vavj'.sVWS'x ; v,; dunes was as dull as the’ proverbial ditch-water on Fnday( writes' our Clunes correspondent): ■: Moat of the residents who could manage it betook -thendaelyos elsewhere in testimony, of. their ■ loyalty. ■ .The ahops were closed, and except for the display ,of . buntipg.pn the ’principal places rof buaineaa and public-,.offices, there was nothing to distinguish the anniversary. of her Majesty’s birth’ from "such semi-Sundays -as .Good Friday, ' &c.; ! The departures by train, &0., • far ex ceeded the - arrivals)' consequently dulnesa : feigned aupreme._ 7 . The following was posted at the University, on the 21st inst.: —At the examination for exhibitions at matriculation - February Term) 1878—the following did creditably:- Classical Exhibition. - F. W. M. Woodward, Geelong Grammar School; R. Stephen, Geelong Grammar School. The names are arranged in order of merit. Mathematical Exhibition. - E. Fitzherbert, Grenville College, Ballarat; W. B. Ren- nick, Wesley College; F. Smith, private tuition; W. Walker, Hutchin’s. School, Hobart Town. The names are arranged in alphabetical order. The safe stolen from the Hamilton railway station has been foundy withe the whole of the contents in- tact. r e is the continuation of 'the’ ppursing i oh Thursday, under' 1 the’‘auspices" of )?the 'Victoria Coursing, Club:—Fille ,de I’Alr beat t Laaa"p£.Gpwrie, Bella BeU beat 'Ru&ian; ' Empress)' Haste bfeat Rustic ’Maidr”_Firat Ties—Torment "beat Fortress, May Eva beat (Miss Weigelia beatVMisa'.CttfplineT -The Derby Stakes.— Ties—Prince. Jamie bBaß -Billy dftiwn; Fijian beat EffihghamJ-Gatarabf beat Revolt,'Woodlandsfleat .Cascade, Royal Blue- beatvßowlook, Rataplan beat Young Highvyay,., Kettledrum Tarragon, Father , Bfptune ‘Yatebyr^Little'' tlohn beat Ellenhofou’gh.-'* “ ” : - <1 Z X Z i>. Mr E. C. Marlin hhs'Joeen (appointed secretary to thaxoyal commission, appointed Jtp eaqqireflegarding the-progress ‘of sattleinent uhdhf the 'Land -Acfof 1869, and* 1 the • present'' tenureof the squat (ages in Victoria.-'" ynlt' ,t->dlv>l3 lyciilHj.'fi 1 Our (Age > Sandhurst "correspondent) i writing-.' on Thursday night, that’aiWrit fop : 48Q0 flamages: was, served : by Mr Baylean, nf< cessTheatre,'.-onhiMf.’ F. -M.'ißat6s,v.tha-.aotor,cfor breach of Mrs Rates this morning came to SandhOTBt,- an‘d teerhusband' : left= fpr^Melbo'uVnoßy the mid-day train; dl! Sbam- ! rock hotel.” The resignation! by Mr‘Farrell for the district of Castlemalne was receivol by thelSpeaker on Thursday, In _the Qautli issued tee same 1 evening 'theSpeaker ’notifies his intention to issue a writ for the election on Monday next 27th mat. Friday’s‘Argnis';aaya:m“Profesaor; Pearson will come ,forsvani ,in,ci?he. ; [Government interest, but the seat will not be allowed to remain in pbsasasiombfcthi?; Mmiateriibparty^withouba'qontqst.-iErofeMOCjßsqrapu will ha opposed probably by either a local man of stendmg in the town, or by one of the most con spicuous victims of Black Wednesday. Neither of the two is understood to be unwilling to stand, bat in tbs one case there ate business have to be overcome. Mr Farrell in bT. a j wouli the electors did not mention The reaa on of b ment, and conflicting rumors prevail m to ment appointment which he is to six months’ quarantine required by Parliament Act has been undergone b .baqkjtjyas.repprted that.Mr Farrell was anT* i- tlma . for a-post as inspector of lunatic "asylums post of'chief inspector of public-houses 'is ’„i. nd l OW a Qaunaon 5 wffo^onceiv^tha^b 8 haTbeen bAdly treated of late, intimates in our adl^ '•-“■••a: Messrs Dennys. Lascelles, and Cos., Geelont- b ’ received ..from- their London agents ■ the cablegram:—“Market for flour whh downward tendency, Present quotation, l 7 37s per mJT 1 John Youiro.EHLEas, and Cos.” p lb -- A melancholy- and fatal accident occurred tn. ■ flamed Alice Maslin, aged fourteen -20th inst. Mt- appears that' her. paShrefe (living near- Gray’s - Bridge, Banyena, and she and” younger brother,had been'seht bn an errand neighbor s—place -m-a - spring- cart,- .'TIM (writes the St Arnaud Mercury) all safe and' after- leaving her,brother. behind, proceeded to rete,„ homewards, when, from some unknown cat™ cart was capsized upon her. How lone she m-.l'i, 00 -lain in that dreadful predicament is not ha? ’subsequently she was. discovered by Mr John Robm. And othere, who at once lifted the cart from off conveyed herßome.in a dyidg state, the unforteinta girl only sunnving twenty minutes after reachiog her .parents household. , ■ 6 sr . time ago . (says Friday’s Qedong Adieriism ‘the; Postqffice Department agreed to allow circuUr lettere.oontaining.printed matter only (with the eZ. lopes opened at both ends, so that the" contents conld" be examined if necessary) to go by post for one pennv The bpon was Appreciated by business men, who sent : a large number of .circulars to their customers- but the •concession has been abused to such ah extent’that th Postmaster-General is about to take steps to prevent further imposition on the department. Written lotted have ',Been_ sent; through the post for a'penny each and the senders have merely out small pieces out of the; ends of the’envelopes,'and the PosUffice official, have not been able to inspect, the 'contents. In future the .Bhyel6'pea' .c6ntaimng'''prihted matter only will have, v tO’beiOpen;;at;:both : endsi': and their contents' secured from dropping out either by being pinned or tied .with string. This intimation will, no doubt, save 'flaany persons an unpleasant visit from those whose duty.it ia to sea that the Post-office is not defrauded of revenue. '* f ‘ ’ kJ . T -, ’ f Two very fine-horses (says the' Argus) have been brought out in the-Northumberland, which arrived on Thursday,.from /Lqndqn. 1 One is Pride of the Shires a dapple brown entire draught horse, 17 hands high’ and rising four years old, and said'to be-a famous animal of his kind.,- The other is Black Merrylegs rising five years'old, and is ;by Sir Edward, out of Mmdfof . All- Work.! i He; is a very showy horse 16 •hands.high, and.with .grand action allround, aadis descended -from the best roadster blood in the’ United Kingdom. " ’ , . An Argus telegram; from.Avoca on Thursday states —“A youth" named;C6rhelius William,Martin, cm , ployed at the .locaL post-office, was brought before the police court this morning),charged with stealing three £1 nates, the property,,-of*;tlfe Postmaater-General from a -letter,-.in-;the.office.: Deteotive:Lomax stated f that owing to complaints.qf ; missing money letters he -wajs sent to make enquiries; 1 He 'posted a test letter addressed to Stuart Mil),.containing money, and the letter afterwards was found’ opened, but still contain-; * b SAte'nqte3;;iß'lthe.iac6u'a"ed’a pocket. He arrested the prisoner "yesterday afternoon. The prisoner was remanded until Monday,’heavy bail being-accepted." Oa-Yueaday afternoon (aays the Talbot Leader) Vac driver of the 5.10 train from Ballarat, when coming through what is ,known aa - “ Anderson’s cutting,” aboutMthreq; miles on. the. Clones side from Talbot, discovered a woman on the line. The driver managed tq bring the train to a standstill in time to avoid an ori going to " the'woman and "questioning her as to the cause ef her being there, found her to be intoxicated. She said she was only walking along the line, and appeared quite, indifferent to the narrow escape from an instantaneous’ death she had expe rienced,,..jiyith.-some difficulty the woman was placed in the' van and brought to-Talbot, where the train arrived fully twenty minutes late. Neither the acting atationmaster nor 1 the-guard’ would give her in charge to the cqustablf? whq'was qiTduty at the station. ; ..i Several vehicles: laden with wheat from Drung Drung, Rupahyflp) Lallat, Marma, and other up cqun'try 'diatricts.-reaohe'd -Stawell on Thursday (says -tho P. O, 2V«nj)<'j.The-owners' report the country to be looking excellent. They state that grass is plentiful, the early-sown grain, is looking strong,, and cattle in fair condition. They also state that there are still large parcels of wheat up country, which, if the weather fine, will, shortly be at -, Stawell. Wheat bn Thursday realised troih'la 104d to) 4s lid per bushel., The samples .. were chiefly purple straw. ' ; ■• ; ' ; ■ Matthew, Burnett .will preach twice in the Academy of Music to-morrow;' in the afternoon at 3 o’clock, and in the evening at 7 o’clock, in aid of the Town tossidn. ’ ‘The. annual public: meeting of .the mission will,.,taka .’/place in St. Jqhn.’s.' PrMby tefiaii, Church on Monday evening, when addresses nil! be given by Mr Barnett and other ministers and laymen. The Ballarat Boot Manufacturing Society (Limited) - announce in ; an "advertising columns that they have .commenced, the ..manufacture, of boots and shoes at their.factory,' l ßydiard street, under, the supervision of Mr John Munro. It-'is stated that a single pair of boots can he bought at the wholesale price. t '.We arej'requested to remind onr readers that the subscription list for. the Soldene Opera Season closes ■to-day; -Also’-that'tickets for all parts will be on sale 'at the box- office, Academy of Music, on Monday from 10 to 4. In another column will be seen the adver tisement containing the cast of “ Genevieve de ' Brabant,” the opera in which the company will appear in on Monday’ evening for' the first time before a Bal-, larat audience. . : The following players have- been selected to repre-. sent,the;B;F.C. in;the second ’twenty match against i the Albion F.C. on the ground of tho former today, play to .commence’at half-past 1 2 ' o’clock:—Bradley, ;{ Burns,)"; LV.;; Foley, Jackson,' Fincham, O’Connof,:, Kennedy, "Yates; W. Taylor, B. Walker, Qlasson, Rogers) 'Redihohd, J. M'Qregor, Keogh. M'Donald, ; Akins, J. Taylor, Heribt) Campbell.' Emergency— Weight, Dixie, Murray, Bibby; Coqkburn, Wilson, r 