OUR' PARIS: LETTER. (Froi our, awp Correspo ndent.) al PAz a, Nov. 24. w There is lut one word to explain the posi- h tion of the Marshal: he is "floundering," and but one escape for him-resignation. hi As for the ephemeral Ministers, no one accepts them'as serious; the astonishment a is that men could be found to accept such at a dead-born honor. As M'Mahon cannot F. be converted, and will not retire after being beaten, he must be besieged. It is i1 thus that the Chamber of Deputies intend th to act ;: they will accept no Cabinet that bh has not the support of the majority, that is, in' accordance with the national will. re It is-useless trying any more promises, etc., with the Republicans-they are as firm as a rock in their determination to have the"Republio and all its liberties, henceforth a' reality, and to protect it against a future sixteenth of May. The Chamber of. Deputies, since it has been gratuitously :assailed by the Senate, re plies to every move of the Executive, not th by words, but by acnts. TI The budget will certainly not be voted if M'Mahon does not surrender. Emile de Girardin purposes to buy the Marshal out by offering him three years salary as compensation. This expresses more than" meets the eye, and must be read between thedlines. 'The Marshal will be forced to yield by the pressure of events-they are only these that neither "submit nor re- S sign.' , The nation is very decided to try the .quarreljout,betwoenfree and arbitrary nc government, on the conditions existing ; it is more determined than its represen tatives, and there display no fainting by the way. By approving'of the Marshal's policy, since the last six months, the Senate has committed suicide; the coun try now places all its hopes in the Cham ber-ii' its" representatives, men of vigorous action, of -sap, of healthy C political blood; and thoroughly cognizant of the wants, the aspirations, and the suf ferings of their constituents. For the suffering abroad is profound, general, and cannot be disguised. From the manufacturing centres the wail of dis tress is sincere, deep, and uniform,, and 8t all the consequence of the.unhappy ad- th venture into which bad advisers launched be M'Mahon last May. Within the last few hours I' have had a long conversation with one of the first wine merchants of France :--he is not a Republican-as yet, but is so far on the 'road to Damascus, thathe has ceased to be a Monarchist-in the interest of his country. As a proof ON how business is with him, he does not bi now sell 5000 fr. of wine per week, when formerly he' received orders for that 1 much per day. But there, is positive misery. among the artizan and laboring classes, and last not least,.among, humble o clerks, who have .been discharged, their employers being unable to pay them, or to 'afford them occupation. Every day the crisis becomes more intense, but the d explosion 'or solution advances at the same ratio. Minds are preparing for a cessation of CC the massacres in the East since Bismarck has declared so' openly' for Russia, the feeling is, the sooner these two political idictators carve out peace on their own terms the better. No power can prevent them; England is considered as helpless Ti as Austria. As for France, her Eastern *n question is in France., to Within the last few days' the rumors at respecting the non-holding of the 'Exhi- - bition have taken a certain intensity.,. It must be borne in mind these reports originate from the German and the French monarchal press. The first Would not put p 'on sackcloth and ashes if the Exhibition eu was postponed for 'a season, and the second fears that the Republicans may 0o reap all the orofit and glory of that event. Indeed this feeling is not altogether Ia stranger to the existing crisis. If by it misfortune this crisis can only terminate g, by a civil war, instead of the resignation bi of a President; or if the' Eastern flame w would-extend and lap all' Europe, it re- w quires no ghost from the grave to assure ti us the postponement is a necessity. There ci are no signs at the works .that such a re- p suit is infuturo, ,and exhibitors of -every I political creed are not ceasing their pre parations. ' As for the ecatcriers, they seem to be enchanted at having received a spe cial annexe to exhibit their skill, and sell at the products of ,it to visitors. • ' .' As if everything sedmed to go by" con- fe traries this season in France, Versailles, at 'that the 'general public might naturally b: conclude to be'very animated,' was never more justified in being called the " city 'of. the'ded." As a rule,. the Monarchal e) legislators 'pitch 'their tents ,there; the, Republicans throw in their lots 'with Paris '-once the political capital' of France; and' destined.to be so again.' The Monarchal 'dejuties' not feelhn certain that' the' Chamber will ratify thir 'election, P' 'ivo in' so. many' instances -by ' 0ov-, ernmcntal high .handed , "pressure,' have made no permanent arrange 'idtiti'to'briti 'up their wives, and little one's to Versaillde ; they reside, therefore,! in hotels as bachelors, with. valises strapped, in case' the Chamber iuashes their seat, very likely to be done in con sequence, for other reasons, of the Senate refusing 'to elect au epublican to fill a Republihcan vacancy. "Then: while ' the sdat is cointested'there are twoRichmonds in the field, Which 'brings a crowd of oiflce-sbekers to 'Versailles. ' 'I observe 'that the nbw.'deputies prefei to walk from the'railway station to the Chamber rather 'than take a traim-tioket.' When a seaid 'is finished the defile for the station repro souits a kind of lively' funeral procession. With the'view'of reducing the cases of infanticide France is almost decided to 'return to the practice of Foundling Hos pitals. Instead of the basket to receive the little stranger, 'anid the bell to an nounce when a eposit has beeoon made, it is 'proposed toadoipt the Itilian systeinm, 4 wheore a inonk with bandaged eyes sits behind .the wicket, and takes in the babes. :' It is reported that on one occab sion'z a mothor brought her baby, aged six yeari :'the 'monk divining hisago by his suuallidg; aswell as bytouch, objected that the foundling was" tod advaneod," :the mother offered to take three children, aged twoyears each, in exchange.i The Jardin d'Acclimatation seems to. have ontered,'resolutely into the tame wild boast business: it sells mnanytriained animals, &o..;, Persons nami eoven its tariff of prices ; thus a beaver costs 100l, an ostrich l000f., 'apolar bo.ar10,000f., a rhinocoros 40,000., an elephant ditto, an "Imperial" Bengal .tiger O0,000, an 'Americanwhalee0,000L. , a gorilatO?0L, Sand an Esquimaut o00,? "Of' PsrnRomoN.--?I? S. Alan's world's HAm SREmesnE never fls to restoe gr hairto its yeouthful color, imprtlng to It nw eo, growth, thoroughi ,quiokly banshing greynes,. Its valse isabove aleothbe5. A? sigle trallmroves. Itis not a dye. It seer prove, Itselfrthe natural strengtlsnecr ofthbhialr. (Togenuineonl' ti Strimade, and so., Stlbourse,,and rotall of all chemists and pcrfumera throueolnt the eolos. 