tge @ipphmb tin . ONDiAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1878 'TaOi'proposed embassy to London does not speed. Inquisitive minds are ry ing into the details of it, andi sarcasti tongues are commenting stingingly oil it. The truth is, the project is olle o that kind to which the term "secret service" would be best applied. It does .not-bear the searching scrutiny of day. light. The more it is probed and ant. tomised, the less fir anll sightly does it appear in the eyes of the observers. If the Chief Secretary could have voted himself a soli of £5000 out of the Treasury, anid a six monthls' furlough in Europe, couldl have chosen his own Iassociate, and ol C vlll he taken his departure in the next mail steaimer without giving ianybody an explanation of what his precise object was, the pro. ject would have gone oil well enough. Vagnneess anid mystery are powerfill elements in all alilirs of State. The vulgar take for granted tllhat 0when there is much diplomantic silence and secrecy observed, there 1uist Ie somie exceed. ingly important public business on hanud. On the other hand, publicity spoils everything by taking away all the romance. It is like going behind the scones whilst the grand Clristmas pan tomnitie is proceedilg, or deliberately inspecting the cleverly- :ulrangel ilirrol's in which the stage ghosts-which seem so real to the audience--are reflected. They manage these things better at home. When Lords Beaconsfiehl and Salisbury were making their lprepera. tions to stl t for tile Berlin Congress, they were wonderfully reticent regaid. ing their views and intentions. 'l hey did not go about the ceuntry making stump speeches to crowds of gaping yokels, bragging of the wonderful things they were about to accomplish. It would have been just as well-und we dare say the heoll. gentleman now thinks so himself-if Mr Berry had followed that good example. He went, however, on the exactly opposite tack. He apparently could not contain him. self. His sense of the grandeur and dignity of the purpose lie had conceived quite overflowed all bounds. See the result ! That project which loomed so mngniticently in the eyes of the country a few'v nonths ago, has actually taken on ani aspect of the ridiculous. Criticismn is iplaying the very mischief with it. The Chief Secretary's tone, in reference to it has sunk from the highest threatel. ing to the lowest apologetic. The lon. gentleman sumnmoned a caucus of his own supporters to lay his entire plan before them, and to beg-litenlly to beg--their countenlance to it. They hold the public purse-strillgs, and they alone can vote the supplies needful to carry it inlto effect. " Will hon. mnm bers only be good enough to vote the small sum of £5000, anll to ask tno questions I''" But hon. embers don't quite see it as their leader sees it. They stand upon their right to ask questions; and the answers which their questions elicit reveal at scheme which looks mar. vellously like ia gigantic job. The mur der is out. Tle thing is all cut-alnd dry. The Chief Secretary and the Speaker have arranged it all very nicely between them. There is (if they canoi will it) to be an embassy consisting of those two hlion. gentlemlen and Professor Pearson as third. It is to start for London as soon as Parliament rises, and it is to spend half ia year in England: Doing whatl Aye, there's the rulb! The truth is, nobody is able to specify cluarly what the embassy is to occupy its time abort. The Tillerial Govern ment is to be besieged with supplica tions to alter the Victorian Constitu tion in such a manner as to bring the Upper Holuse luenceforward under what Mr George Iliginlotlhml woul term the heel of authority. But the threo anib?isaindors are lnot yet agreed aIIongst themselves, from all that appealrs, lupon the exact way in whicll this is to be done. T'lhen, the fiurther question is asked, what will the !ambassadors do in case tllue home Oovernment should Ilatly refuse to interfere in our local squab bles And to this lqulestioll the Chief Secretary has absolutely no reply to maike. lie fairly shirks it. He merely says it will he time enoughl to answer that quelotion when thIe contingency iarises I ''liis is wondorfully different language from that which Mr Derry wits iccustomed to hohl when he was stumpling the countly to rouse public feeling against the Legislative Council. Bu t imealwhile, the inquisitive ques tions have brouglht to light the fiict that there is ia hard and fist largain exist lig between tlhe Cllief Secretlry a1nd the Slpeaker. The latter hloli. gentle .n..t.i, i considi.eraLtionl of his ervicCes to thie Mlinistry landl their followers, is to ltavl tlhe reversion of the post of Agent-General, with-it is avelrred -1one of hIis soeis ais hlis 1rivate secreltary. So that, hlowever th10 result of thle embassy to London tmsI Osiipe, Sir C. Gavil Du)ly, lit Ill events, will be well provided for. is breadl is bakIutled, l thile common Il'he irist And this is re..lly the s..ll total of thle whole business, when fully reckconedl. Thloro is to be an outlay of £.5000 of the public mloney ; three hol. geiintlenio are to llvo I pllellIsalt holioily-itrip to Euirope; and 81 C'. (lava Ui )Diry is to Ie transferroled frou thile SpelltOlershll to the Agenlt.Goallerl ship. All this tixeI mid certaini, nd all thi rest is quiitO nCiulousLI. W?lhetl?er any real bIlnllelit will over come to tills coulitry from thle emllllassy, nobody eCnIi toll, iuil inollody seems very iich tnO iciie. iut eveln tlie three chosenl al IlsuiSloRs theOtnsve" aolltloer to lhive no feeling o0 tle mlltter, oxce1tilng thllnt lwhich the lalte SirI RIobert PI'eel enwas c' cIusItomed to call " sanglino dlesp0n dlency." All this I linig o, it is no wonler that the Ministerial'sopporters iuo Ibeguiiilng to show symIIltOms of imutiny inl regard to the Iriojelct otu of thllet lIis giilen notice of , inl toi for virtunlly iinashintg it. Othie0m O them speak their minds freely enough. The Opposition, also, brings a heavy II battery of reason and ridicule to hear "' on the scheme. Things are beginning ol to look decidedly doubtful in that quar- h ter. If the Chief Secretary does not t cut short the debate and closs the ses- p sion, the chances are at least ten to one ni that the grand embassy will never start u for London atall. TIIERtie is an apparent fairness in A\r c Tyson's plroposal to submit the Hey- ci field dispute to arbitration that entitles it to consideration. Two letters on the s subject wore read at the meeting of the a Rosedalo Shire Council on Thursday, r one from Mr F. L. Smyth, stating that r Mr Tyson was willing to leave the matter to the arbitration of two par- i sons, one to be chosen by each side, i the arbitrators to appoint ,an umpire. C The other was a letter from Messrs r Vaughan and Co., solicitors for Mr C Tyson, to Mr F. L. Smyth, enclosing for that gentleman's information a " copy of tracing bearing memo. of October 1874, nnder hand of the C Chairman (of the Rsedale Shire Coun- A cil) agreeing to exchange the red roads c for the green roads." Mr Tyson also n placed a copy of this pluan or tracing be- b fore Mr Smyth, together with " copy t of anll agreement dated, 1871," signed by the Chairman of the Council, where by thle Chairman "on liehalf of the Council agreed to exchange certain G closed roads on Mlmr Tyson's estate for cer- it tain portions of the public roads running C through land purchased by him years 2 ago." In November, 1874, we pub lished in the Times the correspondence between the Council and Mr Tyson in which this " agreement" and the "tracing" were set out and described. The present seems to be a convenient v opportunity for reproducing the cor- v respondence, in the hope of facilitat- I ing a settlement of the dispute. It t will be observed that Mr Tyson first opened the matter in August, 1870, through the District Surveyor. On Feb. t 2, 1871, on tile motion of Mr King, seconded by Mr Luke, it was proposed t to make an exchange of roads with Mr Tyson, "acre for acre, bhalauc being c paid for, as tile case may be." It does h inot applear froml the correspondence that this offer was formally accepted by IMr Tyson, but an oflicial memorauin dum was made ont tracings, one of which t is now held by Mr Tyson, the other by 1 the Council, in the following words : " Roads agreed to be transferred to Mir Tyson marked circle in red, those miarked green to be transferred by fMr Tyson to tile Rosedalo Shire." These two tracings were signed by Mr James Tyson on Oct. 1, 1874, and, as we areo ii informed, constitute the " agreement" ont which ihe relies. But it will be ob served that there is a vital difference between the terms of tile proposals agreed to iy the Council in 1871, andil the terms of tlheo nemorandumtln. Thei latter indicates ani absolute and uncon ditional exchange of roads without re- I ference to colnparative areas; whereas the proposal of tihe Coucil was to " ex change cere for acre, the balance to be paid for as the case may be." This serious difference hetween the terms of I of the Council's resolution, and those of p tihe maemorandum on the tracing, from a which all mention of conditions of ox change is omitted is probably due to a clerical error. MIr F. L. Snmyth, how ever, in his letter to the Council read oci ThIrsday last, states that Mt' Tyson authorises him to say that he is willing t to abide by the " ngreement of 1871, I and include also in tile exchange tie 1 Ieyfield bridge and its applroaches," and flurther, that Mr Tyson "is willing to abide, for peace sake, iy such other I decision as the arhitrators may aigree onil." Under these circmictances whlat i objection can be fairly urged against proceeding to arbitration 1 In another collnumn we give extractsn from the Argus and Telegraph, descriptive of tile proceedings at the Ministeriall caucus nl :Thursday evening, at which Air I Berry is reported to have made some ex- - tranrdinary statements respecting Sir C. G. Duffy. It is noticeable that tie Age does not afford tile slightest corrobora tion of these reports, and the Liberal journals generally seem to have agreed t on burking tile ugly revelatlins said to hav ec been made by the Chief Secre- I tary. But tile Speaker can hardly af-, ford to maintain silence undler the grave I imputations which are launched against I him, unless he is prepared to nadmit t that i he has " prostituted his position" in the manner alleged. Sir Oavan will see that I this is no idle rumour, against which he I gave his constituents on anticipatory caution. The Sale General Sessions will com-i menece on Wednesday. The calendar is its follows:-Iticlhard Williams, cattle stealing; Bridget Boyle, throwing ca de-I structive fluid over her husband with in tect;: Geo. Rowe, 'l'halcas Johnsoc, for gcry. 'The Gippsland Mitning Board will meet on T''nesday (to.mirrow), whenl a clerk wvill Ie clcosen in place of .'Ir Duncau re signed. 'iThe ianniversary tea.meelingle of St. 'Paul's Sucnday School will take place thisc evecning at tile hlecianics' Iistitute, wheieil addreses will be delivered Iby the Dean of Melbourne and othler clergymen. At tihe sale of shorthorns at the No. tioial Show ont Friday, Mr Jcames P'eck hIouglt 2nd )Duke of South fur 75 guiiene. Prices thrcugiout ruled low. Lecnaes for T'. lucrgoyce, IlRobt. T'olmie, F. W. Mitchell, P. 1V. Pedersen, Jac. hlatici,, Duabicl Camtceron, P. Gooul ellow, and ''llus. Baurns, are at tie sub.treasury. 'Ve hbve received tile 'Te'mperance Yrir Book filr 1879, whichl containcs a large aimiOunt of icnfcrcmction relaitn,- to 'T'empce. racnce alcietiesr,ttle un llal rrlferencecltllcter of hilandlbooks iind severUal tellinig secnsetional Iictures. 'lThere is als, a very uefull little alshecet calendar fur tihe coming year. ''The anlliversnry of the blrti cf tihe P'rince of \Vail ,s, Satuirdaly, wes a dcllI holiday. 'Th'le Governcment aud law iofiecs Cere clsedrl, and tie inuctioneers tICc O)k t respite, but swith these exceptioens hsciners proceeded mucll an iIsual. Feiw peoile were in frullt the colluntry, howevcer, nlci the absence of mnciny inotables In Melbusrune seeing mlut tihe race week helped to make It a somnolent day for trade in all its branches. " Z."-- e cannot insert your letter. It is ton severely critical, and relates to d matters that are not purely literary. But, " no doubt as there is a use in the economy i of natnre for all sorts of existences-the n highest and the lowest having all of them • their allotted places, and pelfrming their 1 proper functions--so the 'nhbriginalgram mar,' which crops up occasionally among us, is not altogether destitute of value-is not altogether Tyers.same." We make': this extract from the letter for the sake of c the joke, "the' hearings of which," as s Cap'n Cattle would say, "lies in the appli. cation of it." t 'rovision is made for the following works in the additional estimates now under discussion:-Roaid from Warrigal railway station to Brandy Creek coach. road, 4~ miles, £100; road from Droning railway station to Brandy Creek, 56 miles, £500; road from Warrigal railway station to Martlin's track and Telegraph road, £375 ; 'Tongahhie to Walhalla road Outler's Creek bri'ige and cnttings, £250: road Mae to Walhslla nod Donnelly's Creek, towards Wuotd's Point, £1000. Two of the polling places at Morwell and Allambee, named for the Narracno Shire election, have been struck out of tile list, owing to tile fact that no Executive. Council has been held to confirim them. A corresplondent points out that much in convenience will therehy he occasioned to many persons who are desirous of voting, but who will now be prevented by dis tance froim doing so. The following applications before the Rosedale Land rBoiard in Friday were re colnmended :-John Gilmnor 178a 3r 26p, James Widdo,wson 100l , James Vincent 60, Charles A. Spnutg 60a, parish of Rose. dalen; Joseph Drnflin 155a, and 165a, COallignee, forfeited Ity Gear; 'T. P. Grace 20a, J. Cleary 166', Stradhroke; II. G. Salter 20a, Fred Willis 205a andil 17a, Willung: Henry Norris la ir 15p, 'Ti-i namba; Eliza Shields 300a, Stradbrokce. In one special case to show cause-John Waite-the rent had been paid. A well attended tea and publie meeting was held on Friday evening last at Beng. warden, in connection with the Church of England. The tables were well and bonn. tifully supplied by Mesdames Cousens, Giles, Welliss and others. After tea, the Rev. W. Green took the chair, and gave sit encouraging account of Church work there. Addresses were then delivered by Canon Watson and the Rev. J. Hollis sui table to the occasion. Anniversary Services in connection with St. Paul's Church Sunday School were hiell yesterdiay, the Very Rev. Dean Mac artney preaching morning and evening, to unusually fuil contgregations. The church was neatly decorated with lvwers, and the children, wilho were specially addressed at tihe afternoon service by the Rev. Ca;noni Watson, sang very creditably a number of hymns selected for the occasion. The Very Rev. preacher's text inl the morning was from Matthew c. 28 v. 20, "' Teachiong them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you." Upon this text was fitundcd an exhortation to all Chris tians to teach the word of God, not merely ill the Sunday schools, but ill their homes and in all places where the knotwledge of it shoull he spread. Especially was this duty incumbent upon professing (Christianh parents ntow that tile word of Go(d was banished fromt the schools of the State, and whcen even one oif our Hlouses of Parliament refused to ask that God's blessing Imight rest lpon thleir lateburs. In tile evening Deat Macartney preachedl froti Zechariah c. 4 . . 4, " And his feet shall stand ono that day upon the Monlt of Olives." This lie viewed as a predic tion of the second coming nf Christ, which would foillow the restoratilon of the Jews to Palestine-aft event which the rev. preacher now regardedl as beinug in process of accomplishmlent. 'l'lis evening the anniversary will he further celelbrated by a tea and public Ineting at.the Me:hanics' Hall. At a meeting of thile Caledonian Society's contnittee, behl on Satllrday afternoon, at the lRoyal Exchange hotel, the president in the chair, tile final arranlgeents fur next 'Thursdaty's sports and Iainquet were imade. The order of the procession is to be nearly the stae las last vear. Meimbers will as sembIle at 9.30 a.m., and march at 10 to the ground Iby way of Foster, York, and Elgin streets. The price oft' tickets to the dinner was fixed at 124 6d. The secretary said hlie had been ifirnimed that the hbons. J. M. Grant anti James Munro would attend, but that in the present state of pullic lusiness it was improbiable the Chief Secretary would lie able to come. In the course of a discussion that followed, it was explained that the visit of 'Messrs Grant a;nd Munro had no political significance whatever, although they woubl receive a cordial Ilighland welcome. The commit tee will meet on WYedneday night at 8 o'clock. The Kelly gang are still at large, and the police appear to be as far off the scent as ever. A great deal of difference of opinion exists as to whether the miscreants have ever left the strongholds in the ranges of the Upper King River district, persons who know the locality and the character of the Kellys holding to the opinion that they still occupy their favourite haunts, out of which they will not comie unless driven to do so from sheer starvation. However, the search parties continue their work, and any moment we may hear news of an important character. The North Eastern Ensign, published at Benalla, says:-- No fresh intelligence is to hand concerning the perpetrators of the Mansfield outrage, It seems to be recog- nised the men are still in some part of the almost inaccessible ranges, the fastnesses of which they know so well, and that their ready apprehension or destruciton is a sheer impossibility. On the other hand, the police regard their capture, although a matter of time, as a certainty. 'IThe Presbyteriln Sulnday School build ing is nearly apllpriaching comltletit, the flooring is Ilhwn, the windows are fittedt ini, and tile chief work reltailing to lie tdone is tile plasterinig. 'IThe cntraict has Ieent carriedi out by Mr Wyndl it ll ritesplects in a creditable style, iand tile P'reslyterians Itave iniOw a stricture Ithat will serve equally well thle purposes of Sutnday schoil, lecture rolot, or hallt f|tr ten Iteertings. It is certainly all ornaelcntal addition to the reserve. At ia represrentatttive ncetilng of ftrnlero Iheld in Inlockinn' hlotel, Melbournue, latst week, Ier \V. Little utfStratftfrdl, Iprcsiding, resotlutiois were csrrietl iln favlmur of the tliject being til give the at riniltnral itte rest a votice in the legislationl of the ciun-ii try. Mr Dow, hl.b.A., |riniteil It sup. port to the tmovemeit, nnd Mr Mel'er itntdertititk to visit the sgrieUlitural societies I throglhott thie colhy and tdeliver le.' tlures iiiI the snlihjct, thle extetrses if(' whichl woultl he Ilirne 1y3' tile Ihoni. WV. J. Clarkle. IA transactinu it lhintlri mining sharers efletted nlast weelk under the verandtt 11iit Collislatreet left the seller of 1000 a prollit of £4,200,, hIe being oue of the original holders of the stock. Slnuth Antaralia carried iff the first diplome d'honseur for wheat at the Paris Exhibition, the jury describing its exhibit as a " collectiol n agnifigque;" also a gold mndal for flour. It sent seven specimens of wheat and flour, and to each a prize has i been awarded. Adelaide wheat obtained a gold medal in 1851, and has always c fetched the highest prices at Mark-lane. t The Pall 1fall Gazette remarks:- There can he no donht that the visit of the cricketers to England has been a great r success in every way. Daring their stay t in this country they played no fewer thlan thirty-seven matches, winning eighteen, t drawing twelve, and losing only seven. ' 'Ihus they may certainly lay claim to a position inferior only to that held by the biet eleven of gentlemen or players, or such an exceptional team as that sent to Lard's this year by Cdmbridge. '!Their presence tlhroughout the cricketing season, r and their tbnruagbly gonl-humoured play, whether winning or losing, have served to keep Australia pleasantly before the minds of Englishmen of all classes. The Aus tralian papers are right in greeting the cordial welconle given to their champions not merely as an acknowledgment of their proficiency in a most popular game, but as an evidenceof the warm gonod feel ing towards the colonists which needs but an opportunity to manifest itself, even when interest in their affairs appears to be pushlled aside. Representatives from nearly every cosn try in Europe, from Australia, and from all the principal breeding studs in Great Britain, were present at the great sale held at Middle Paak in September. The gene ral result of the two days' sale was that 101 tares were sold for 34,155 guineas, or 3311 guineas each; thirty six foals for 7,680 guineas, or 213 guineas each; anid eight sires for 6,370 guineas, or 796 guil neas each-the total being 48,205 guineas for 145 lots. Helen, sister to Dalesman 13y King Tom, and tired by the late iaron Rothschild at Aletmore, was tbonght far 1,030 guineas by an Australian agent. The advaottages obtainable from being a member of the Victorian United Licensed Victuallers' Association (remarks the Mel hourne correspondent of the Star) are fbund in instances suet as the following: -A member gave a man into custody for mtaking use of threatening langu age, but the case was dismissed, the bench ruling that an lhotel is not a public place within the meaning of the act. The accused has now commenced an action against the member to recver large damages, and the asseciation has decided to defrnd the action. The bill uow hefore Parliament provides a proper definition of the term and its appli. cability. Publicans will in future, there fore, lie protected. " Atticus" contributes the following to the Leader:-"' A case of real hardship catme under my notice this week. A yonng tidy who has been engaged fior sonme months to be married to a gentle mall living up-country, got a letter from him a firtnight ago, saying that he would be in town during the Cup week, and asking her to bie ready for the dread event then, as he would not be in town for another six months. It may seem impro bable to those whol have never soulght to get costumes made about this festive period, but it is nevertheless a fact, that the unlfortunatte young lady tried unsuc cessfully at nearly every establishment in town to have her wedding dress made, and i'a the end had to be married in an ild hall dress. She appealed ta to the womanly feelings if one well-known dressmaker, but was milet with an unanswerable argu ient. " My dear nmadamn," said the modiste, " in youlr case it may be right enoughit ; but if the news once got abroa;l that I depart from my established rule, all the lnadies in Melbourne who were late in ordering their Cup dresses would come to me and say they were going to be mar. ried !" Dr. Pusey, in defending tile sacredness of the collfessional, betrays some ignorance ,f civil law in the colonies. The follwing is froml otne tof his letters (in the Times) in rieply to sir Jenkins :-Somie rmemblters tof the lsnuse of Commons seetmed to re gardt it as strange that one who had received the confession of a crime slhouhl lie lound not to divulge it. This is pre scribedl by the Church of which I amt a member. Canon 115 of the Canons of 1003 forbids it under the extremest penalty. I am informed that in Australia tile civil law extends the rule to " the clergymen of any Church or religious denomination." Anyhow this is an af.air of criminal juris prudence, not if ours. 1\e have but to obey the rules of the Church. But what solicitor, to whom it prisoner should admit his guilt in order to enable him to conduct his defence, would think himlself justifled in appearing as witness against hint ? The Willder divorce suit has collapsed, Mr Derbin Willder having abandoned his petition. The number of natives on the mission stations during the year was 541; 87 being at Ramahyuck, and 88 at Lake Tyers. £1500 is on tile additional estimates for agrieultural societies. It is rumoutared that MIr Frank Dulfy is t to be secretary to the " hEimb:ssy," after wards to be secretary to the Agent-Gene ral-Sir Charles ; all in the family. Thatcher, the celebrated colmic vocalist, has died at Shanghai of cholera. Mr lent addresses his coanstituents of BIrighton on the political situation this evening. A fund is being raised in Melbourne among the Scoatchien to aid the people of D)umfries in erecting a menorial to Burns. The Age tllinks it necessary to deny that MAr Berry hats any intention of in ductiag himiselt into the agcnt-generalship in tile event of Ilis miission hoine proving ntsuccessful. [or somae tiate past a person of slaill ilientt;l calilre has beet frighlecaing people at Kelw bly dressing hlimeelf up as a ghost. Suveral persallts have determitnedl to test his iubstalce with selmall charges of gun shblt. On l'riday night the dead aidy of a womavial wIaS recoIvered fromi tile Ynrra neair thle Falls BIrildge. The remains were greatly decomposed, and had evidently heen in the water bfor stome time. It is tlaoaiglt just possible tha;lt lthey ltily lie thoise oFt'lie Itssligh n womtat a[rs Farrell. 'IThle iovertnmet t have alitder consildern. tihli a schellmle far the distribtllilall ot tlhe arisoners iin Mehlbourne Gtanol antligst tile ial,.clutiary prisolns. A re-distrinluion of oflicers will ailst tie necessitatedl byi)' tlhe clltlanlle, andt this will result in n auving of £1500 a year in salaries, tut the valuie if tiIe lahionr at lrescnlt hatne in the guill amitanlltithig I tl £1000 oir £4000 per alnntti,l will bhe Ist to the reveatne. WVlay, there filr', the ellonge in alediated is aII lystery. The irreiaressibhle Sinck camne up llr jtlugmleltt III FIriday, and desiredl to "i argue the point" tinclhitg hlis caontempt. ,ltluge iholenwaorthl immcdhliaaily ordereld Ilm into cilutody, saying tillat if he lind any nllli ealiatan ta mahkte it Itlust he taitueoni lan ht'ahs; bunt Iltiling that the oilllers if the Coiirt haad ieglecteCd tat prepare the order fair the arrest-anllade last wcele-alid, " Let hin wallk Iatwavy." HlSack tooakl the hint, biut a warrant has silice been issued for his arrest, 