TOWN TALK. THE one-merabcr-eleotorate system was adopted for the avowed purpose of securing a more thorough representation of local interests by the choice of local men-men who 'were intimately acquainted with the wants of the various districts, who had "a stake in the place," whose personal interests were bound up in the prosperity of the particular localities for which they sat in Parliament. It was not a very high standard of qualification for legislators certainly; but it was the only recommendation which could be urged in favour of the system, and now: it is beginning to be found out it does not work right, not even in this particular. The " local" representative is almost certain to be too local, and endeavours to secure all the good things the Government have to dispose of for the particular corner of the electorate where his personnl interests happen to be concen trated. This is no more than could reasonably be expected. A legislator whoso range of vision does not extend beyond local interests will rarely be able to look as far as the bonndB of his electorate which are furthest from his own residence or property, and under any cir cumstances will take good care to get tho wants of his own neighbourhood attended to first. The electors of Mulgrave,' who are some dis. tance from Bundaberg, are just now beginning to realise this fact. The Bundabergians are getting up a little preliminary electioneering agitation for a local representative in next Parliament. One or two residents of the neighbourhood are ambitious to represent the district, and their claims are boing urged by their friends. But the olcctors at a distance do not see the matter in the same light.' They assert that if a " Wongarra" or " Bingera" scrub man is returned the upper district will be sacrificed to Bnndaberg. Probably' they are right; at all: events it is some satisfac tion'to see that this evil of localism is begin ning to work its own cure. MB. FOOTE has had his r-r-r-revenge. This gentleman, in a comparatively early stage of the' Electoral Districts Bill, quite disagreed with Mr. Groom's amendment depriving .Fortitude Valley of a representative. He thoroughly believed then that North . Bris bane and Fortitude "Valley should have four members.' He has sinco discovered that they ought only to have three. It will possibly be asked, whether the I honourable gentleman has arrived at his altered opinion after painful and laborious atutty of pros and cons." Not a bit it it. jiti EViolk'flAi not 'argiYefl to inAttor out at all. H'e has simply indulged in a little bit of that' feminine privilege-Bpito. Simply, ho is not satisfied with the manner* in which FasBiforn and the Ipswich and West Uoreton group of electorates have been dealt with by the Bill. So he acted on that fine old selfish principle of "what Ioannot have> .JT5u eh< hot have." Mr. Boots possibly, i&agines; that two wrongs <fo make a right. Tire Rockhampton JlCorriinf SulUtiitat May 31, affirms very positively that." tho news just to hand of tho placing of last BoSsWn'i loin will bo received throughout the colony with Unqualified satisfaction.", It must give unqua lified satisfaction to the editor of that journal to possess suph an instinctive knowledge of what the people throughout the. colony will think on the subject. To be able to dogmatize in this manner with porfect safety, and with out misgivings, saves an editor a world of trouble. If it turns out afterwards that the assertions made do not happen to bo true, another subject for a leading article is provided, bee use the editor can show at length the adverse circumstances and perverse people that were the disturbing influence. In the case under notice; however, the editor goes further than pronouncing authoritatively what the people thought the colony will think and feel about the placing of the loan-he evolfes from Mb inner consciousness, whence the German evolved his camel, what the successful tenderers offered, and why they offered it. Thug we are told that " The price obtained for the selected tenders should be fully 93." Excellent! Then again as to the cause of this,-7" there is ft good deal of English capital invested ia the Maekay plantations, and the ptoof now obtained that the colony will be a permanently remunerative sugar-growing conntry adds a material element of stability to its fiscal resources." 'Whoever would have thought it! Surely tho editor of the Bulletin must have been- assisted again by tho wonderful " second-right" of Bishop Bugnion.- ' . Is aril times those who are badly off may find consolation in the spectacle of those who are inworse case still. Groaning as wo do under a Queensland Parliament, it is quite a relief to the doings of the State Legislature of South Carolina. It appears that a " Committee on Frauds" have been making an inquiry into the malpractices of the South Carolina Senate; and some very remarkable truths have been dis covered. In one session £70,000 was spent for "sundries" "supplies," and "incidental ex penses and of this enormous sum £25,000 wa« disbursed avowedly for "refreshments." No charges were made to Senators. They could eat and drink away all the twenty-four hours round with the exception of ft slight breathing apace between four and eight a.m. The State house was furnished to the tune of £40,000; but only £i3OO0 "worth of furniture has been discovered in ihs Senatorial building. The rest is in the private dwellings of the Senators. So many carpets were ordered that the Senators hadn't room far tbem, and they were accordingly converted into cash. Mr. Joseph Woodruff, clerk to the Sesate, was one of the chief agents ia working these little Bchemes. He is described as " a pious thief." To embezzlement he had no objection, but he has - been heard to fervently exclaim " God grant that I may be lived from Bwear ing!" Altogether these admirable legisla tors have increased tho publio debt more than six-fold in four years, and the taxation ten fold in ten years. The debt includes a fraudu lent issue of bonds to the amount of £1,200,000. So that we in Queensland hare not quite reached the lowest depth. It would appear, from a decision given by the Police Magistrate a few days back, that, one may find an unknown individual in onb's house at dead of night, shoeless, and tininvited, and making use of euoh a surreptitious mode of exit, when discovered, as a window and a' hardwood slab; the individual may be tho roughly identified by the householder, but can escape all responsibility unless the house holder can prove a felonioUB intent on the part of his unwelcome visitor. That is, presumably, that he must find him dark lanterned, and armed' with " jemmy " and life preserver, a craak on the hoad from tho latter making the matter quite Icleur. If this is tho law, aa Mr. Pinnock says it is, the sooner it is altered the better.. . It seems an absurd anomaly that the onus of proof should be thrown on the innocent householder instead of, on the. gnilty intruder-for guilty he must be. of an unlawful act of some kind. It would be much more satisfactory where . an individual is proved to have been on premises where he . had no earthly ? right, that that fact per te should be considered evidence of guilt, to bodisprored,if possible, by the accused. The law is intended for the protection of all, but it would sometimes scorn as though it were intended foe the protection qf criminals only. . tVifeilEatiic] iilteriii tiSvcrniiteht-tnb'HnJ ing ail tho Governments tllfit kavo ei!iUb<i;: sinoe 1874-took ofBce with a defioit' or: fi Biir plus is a question which seems to have greatly - exercised tho Assembly on "Wednesday." The questions'seems a simple matter of fact.' But-' tho simplest question are just'those whioh " most bother our legislator^; Mr. Gf-ottm: (JolH the IHfttlbt into ins elistbmAry st&to;'of cbnfUAioQj', &nd; his thuddfe might ferhupft havo hoeh< rendered more hopeless by tho fact tliat.. the. case was explained byi Mr. HdhmiiHic; - on All Fool's Day, 1874::-: ; Boring !!lhd'« , crisis ,:of- 1866, Treasury, Bills :were issilodjtfl: | meet the pressing,wariis "of Ihat.tiMe'.vrlt feMwj ;riq,t fottn'd tfossiblo .to fedeem tteBe.jibflt , oi,-s revenuo. Accordingly £350,000 of tho :Loan , of 1872 was appropriated for that purpose, the: [ Treasiirer for the timo being. jiot.:anticipating,;, the great increase that took plaoe in the revenue. \ during the succeeding years. Hence,: at the j beginning of 1874 thero was . a surplus : of - . £240,000. It is unnecessary to,, give all tho - figures, but it is plain that money which is obtained by the appropriation of loan is not a surplus properly so called. J A] Troasurer could ir always have a surplus on auoh a.system, and' need never be troubled with a'deficit^ ,Indeed' the Ministers under the' Second Empire m.?(: variably made ends meet in this fashion. . , !' WHILST there is so muoh talk about tho Vol unteers, it is singular that ndbbSy sllBuld think ' of organising' the most useful force.that could', be set on foot in Queensland-a corps of ' mounted rifle's." These troops fight on foot, - . but get over the ground on horseback. In s country where the distances are so immensn ? and the means of communication so limited, - mounted rifles are precisely what We want, an3- . in acoufltr^ where everybody rides-eflectively ?: if clumsily-they are just the kind of Volun teers to be easily obtained. Mounted rifles rendered great service in the American war. One body was met by a regiment of Federals foot, who mistook them for cavalry and "pre- : pared to receive." Very muoh more astonished ^ - than gratified were the Federals to seo the . lilies get under cover, dismount, and pour in a withering fire upon the compact square. Sevebal magisterial enquiries have been - . held lately. They have, as usual, stopped'. short just at the point which most interests :... the public-that is to say, tho verdiot or its equivalent. These enquiries, under the exist ing system, stimulate public curiosity without in any* way satisfying it. Curiosity' in these cases is not necessarily vulgar or improper. It is considered necessary to let the public know the results of all kinds of judicial investiga tions except those whioh, with ns, do duty for. coroners' inquests, but which they have, by no means advantageously, supplanted; These*-, enquiries appear rather in the light of a aup- - pressionof the truth than as an elucidation of ? it. The jury system, with all its defects^ was more satisfactory in its results than the present. one of magisterial enquiries. . ( ' FBOX the Northern papers to hand this week . - we learn that the Municipal Council i of Dalby have suggested a very simple and straight-' - forward oourse of action by which munici- * palities may be relieved of some ot their most *, disagreeable responsibilities. At the last Muni cipal Council meeting at Maryborough, Bock- r. hampton, and some oth9r places north, a letters - was read from the Town Clerk of Dalby, . enclosing copy of a resolution adopted,thoro for suggestion .to the Premier.' The resolution-., i is as follows:- . . , - . That ali existing dobts incurred by municipalities to the Government for non- proUuctiva works be as milled. ? ? "What could bo more busmcss-liko ? ThO ' Municipal Council' of Dalby are of opinion.^ thatifrthe othor municipal councils- of the colony will unite-with them in. orgingiupon .» the Premier this,very simple and common-, r sense suggestion he will be sure to adopt it to : the great relief of many municipal councils.- . No doubt of it. "A long, pull, a strong pull, and , ; a pull all together," . by the municipal councils. - of the colony would be irresistible. Unity is . . strength, against the Premier, at. all: events;,., and what, is the good of "non-productive works " to municipalities ? The debts incurred , . for these are a millstone round tho necks of .,, aldermen, and as the Government is tho only .. ; body in the colony which is justified^n incur ring debts for such' works, lot thocobtsbo.; handed over to the Government. Ono of tho aldermen in the Maryborough'Town Counoil moved "that the lotter bo made a record of the Council "-so highly did ho eatoom it. No wonder! . . ' " Bbisb&kb; has lost one, of its ecoontrEo ,, characters. Mr. Brown, a chair- maker, livod quietly alono in his own ,house in Curphy- , street. He had no friends, and his acquaint ances were of' the slightest kind. ' Most of tho houso wan empty; the kitchen served for Mr. Brown, who, though a man of substance, had tho simplest habits. . He went and ? came ac cording to his wont, and few noticed him. At last he disappeared for so long a poriod that tho attention of tho neighbourhood was attracted. Thegp»sip»of that ^Jtrjct, whoie pame ia legion i . assembled in conclavo nound ; the,.deserted \- tenement of Brown, but could inabe nothing of . it. '; UTio police wore called in but they proved "entirely, uriablo to isolvo tho mystery. Several < days.pMsod over without news, and several old iw6m'en-.went newly mad .with exeitoment. "Brown was at length discovered-in his grave. 'Not;fqeling*woll;he had quietly walked off to the'hospital and entered as a paying patient There he,.departed. this life.. His.death and his existence being, alike noteworthy for the quietude of his proceedings. Bis end would probably never have been known but for the circumstance of a policeman recognising his '.clothes.,. lt: "soemB strange that n, nmn pos Vossed of property, should diein a public insti .tntion, that' no inquiry should bo made as: to his origin, and that his fate should for many " days remuin a sccret to those outside tho biiild-, 'lDg- *:. /. ;v,' . i ;, A LADIES' Club has boen started iu London., lit is founded on the model of the Pall Mall CUlba, ?Willi variations suitable" to th? sex. For instance, there is to be a beautiful Japanese^ 'drawing-room, a innsio room, and : a! SDeoial -Wingfora selcct number of male members.; The--club might prove a success were it-hot; that n mischievous committeeman has intro-; duced an element of discord in: the shape [of a; club box at . the opera, tho " bene''. of admis-1 sion to which la to bo. ballotted for by the. members.! The capaoity of the^" box", must neooBsarily ho very limited, while the'would- .| ho opera'-goers. would not, consequently there; is every' probability, that that opera " bono", willprove such a bone of contention, as will Bet; the'fair members by thenars, and break up; the :cluh.;' The ladies of Brisbane might; venture_on a, club without any fear .of: the. opera tbox being brought: in as'a disturbing element.; . . . BAILEY and tho Burrnm on tho brain is tho alliterativeid.esignation- oftajmalady that is' threatening to becomo serious in tho Assembly. The member for Wide Bay is never satisfied. On May 23 (lie carried a motion in favour of trying the experiment of cheap railways in tho shape of ono from Maryborough to the Bur-1 rumcoalfield; on May'29 made a few remarks about" the same motion; and on Thursday he was down .for. a motion in favour of low-cost railways generally-or, .in othar words, the Bnrrum'again, for this everlasting coalfield !B aU' tha't ;Mr. Bailey thinks about. Surely ,it£? is. high, '.time, that the nuisance was stopped,'and for. that purpose we will offer, a .suggestion,to the Government. Let them; invite.Mr. Bailey to define a low cost railway. If;the 'siim is reasonably in accordance with previous'paper ideas of low' cost lines, the government'. might promise , to'. Icompletb-.the Bunrnm line and recoup Mr. Bailey or-any group of capitalists whowould construct a'short seotiop oil the terms mentioned. This Iowoosc ghost 7 ought; to ' conjured into a 'reality, or exorcised away altogether. . Tlie talk about it has .been more"than sufficient; a little demon stration would ibe acceptable. But the proof must; not bo undertaken by-the Government. There is no hope of anything low cost coming prit of tho'pocket of tho'Government. .TUB Northern Argus of May 30 mentions .the cose of a poor old couplu in the Immigration Depdt, both nearly blind,' and having a family 6f-,;twO';BmaH children,- who "arrived by the Scottish Hero,' emigrant'ship.' It seems that the old couple were mercifully, allowed.to lodge at tho,depot, after nil' the other, immigrants had left, although they were not provided with rations. But'why in" the name of common sense were these old people sent out to Queens lan'dat-tho colony's expenso ? What, sort of supervision could havo been' exercised ovor the S emigrants, forwarded by the Scottish Hero ? From tho description of this aged couplo in the paper above quoted it would seem that the two children are grandchildren; and'the four help less crcaturiiahayo boen provided with free passages to this colony, where they will remnin a burden upon the public purse for a number of years,-tho two old people for the remaining portion of their-natural lives.' It would bo in teresting to ascertain from thus old .couple how they And their two grandchildren came to be put on board the; Scottish fiero'ns emigrants for Queensland.' It was, ho doubt, very ltind of the Agi-iit-Uoiionil to reliovo this aged oouple by giving them a pasaago .to Queensland, and, no doubt, lie poiutod, out to them in glowing terms the -beautiful- and healthy situation of; . tha Benevolent - Asylum at Dunwich, to. which they would, be'relegated: as soon after tlicy lauded as- circumstances would 'permit. But then we do not want people to be sent out it' tho oxpense cf- tho colony, all the way from Scotland, who*aro only fit for Dun ?wich; on arrival. The Agent-General should have this fact forcibly pointed out to him. . 1 A POHK sau'sago was. always a. mysterious article, fearfully and .wonderfully made. But' wo .. have hitherto renjoyed a consolation in hoing able to fall' back'upon the concroto and (..Hiiro pig. Sausage meat might.contain chopped dog'or mincod laliby, hut what ob joctionablo mattor could outer into a shin of pork or a ham ? On tho fa'co of it there soemod ] ground for confidence in Buch'a situation yet it aeama that even hero c'onfidoncemaybo mis placed. It turns out that certain'poi-Bona'at Molbourne tare been in the' habit of feeding their £igs on re funa from the hospital, and that oldpoullictt have been mixed up with the rest! Certain qualtnish feelings having arisen in the stomachs of Melbourne pig-eaters, the Secietaiy sf the Hospital comes forward to asaure the public that if ' poultice-fed , piijs have been eaten, it has all been done in regular form. The hospital, management was' all right-it invariably is; the nurses may have displayed a little carelossnosB, and thus a poultice flavour may have got into the bacon, but what could that matter ? Nothing, of course. Begular management is all that tho Melbouruoites ought to look for. THEBE is a Itnta natura among members of Parliament in New South Wales. This is a Sir. Hugh Taylor, the'member for Parramatta. This gentlemanhasastraightforward way of enuncia ting his principles, that Bhows he has nothing -of the true politician about him. A portion' of :ari after-dinuer speech of this very candid geii-. '.tlemanj delivered a few nights back atase'mi i political feast, was aa followa" He had never studied much thn making of:law's;for/;the country; he only went into Parliament for they sake of Parramatta, and all he could get for it ho would." A Sydiioy newspaper falls foul of -the honourable gentleman, and tells him'that the lowest depth of 'legislative depravity is that which lie has, according to his own showing, attained to. This is rather hard on Hr.Hugh Taylor, who ia no worse than three-' fourths of his legislative brethren, only more honest and outspoken. At the same time snch; outspokenness is, rather inconvenient. It is; necessary to , keep up appearances. Only imagine what a shocking effect .would; bo ?produced were our own reputed patriots to lay their breasts bare like Mr. Hugh Taylor, of Parramatta. ' - \ 