THEATRE ROYAL. Mr. J. H. Eainford, whose ghost illusions at White's Booms have not proved successful from a financial point of view, was oh Monday even ing the recipient of a " benefit" at the Theatre Boyal, tendered to him by the management and his friends, in acknowledgment of his past con nection with the drama in the old theatre, and his popularity as stage manager and as a member of tie company with which he was then connected. Mr. Eainford's friends rallied round him in good force, as there was a capital house, which would no doubt would have been larger still had not the counter-attraction of the concert in aid of the Children's Hospital taken place on the same evening. Eobertson's excellent comedy of " Caste" was revived for this occasion, and on the whole was very well presented. We need not speak of the play itself, which must be familiar to all patrons of the drama, but we can commend the management for the efficient style in which it was placed upon the stage, and the performers for the very creditable and amusing manner in which the several parts were sustained.' Mr. Eainford assumed the character of the Hon. George D'Alroy, and did very well in the earlier scenes. He was of course awarded a very hearty reception when -he first made his appearance, and was after wards called before the curtain. Mr. Bey nolds filled the role of Captain Hawtree satisfactorily, but Mr. Hollo way as Eccles more than answered the expectations of his friends. He was well made up, and gave so good a conception of the part that it might almost be regarded as one of his best impersonations. He was loudly ap plauded, as was also Mr. Owen as Sam C erridge. Mr. Owen threw a. great deal of quie ■ j -ior into the part of Sam, whose leading - . b'tion was to thrive in business and marry Polly. Miss Maggie Knight was, as she always is, in exube rant spirits, and as- Polly Eccles won the applause of the house, which Miss Carry George as Esther Eccles also deservedly received. The Marquise de St. Maur was well represented by Miss Kate Arden. At the close of the comedy Mr. Eainford made a brief speech from the foot lights, in which he expressed bis thanks to the audience, and to the ladies and gentlemen who bad so kindly exerted themselves on his behalf,: includingMr.AllisonandMr. Lawrence,whogave him the use of the MSS. of the play. Mr. Chas. "Wallace afterwards appeared in negro imper sonations, and the entertainment concluded with the second act of " Nemesis." An announcement was made by Mr. Holloway that the same bill will be repeated this evening. . 