OUR NEW YORK LETTER. [rBOH OCR OWN 'OORRKSPONKENT.] ffew York's Great Gat nival; The Arion Ball mid the Martha Washington Re ception of St. Johrii Guild; Gorgeous Toilettu ; Scent* on th*. inside of the Academy ; A Converted Jewess; In eendianet .- Kdutomanbi : &c.; -ke. ht your New York correspondent had nothing to do but write letters fbr brutes of men, the letter of this week might have remained unwritten for ever ;- but I feel that something is due to the dear creat ,tms who fed as pap in our helpless in , ftocy ; whospanked us as we crawled on , io interesting childhood ; who destroyed odr peace of mind in adolescence ; and Who, when we reached the proud estate of manhood and set up in business for our BUhmg them with long-taUeddresaes, tftalddnWcques, and camel's-hair shawls. Bttoathing is due to them, and the ap twaranosof Mn. M ? . MissR—^v ? Mafefitfttlle de Wr- ? , at the great fttiuMMb events of the season, most , wrtttnly be a matter of paramount . JnMWt to that portion of our fellow ? ituuK^towhrn we are voder such deep , ifliujftailslffimiiniiiiii Uederknuusand miFlotU 'the great metropolitan ISprarTwMeii, tri^ hta hanTat it '',- l*Mfttr+ti* rtAim Ifcfl »*^f s«*rf-* . but raj, about the power of a tallow dip. knss... SiomwDntMBBDciationsandthe fWngency of eidse laws have had a very aemowusuig «8act on the disciples o Uantfmnus, A Dutchman soaked in cold water is very much like a Hottentot in a new paper collar and a swallow-tailed port. He don't feel happy, he is not in his natural element, and without lager we should have no Arion Society, no feast of song and flowers ; the birds might sing but they would grow frightfully hoarse withont something to wet their whistles, and for that the most reliable Germans assure Its there is nothing like the foaming mug. The old toast of 'Women anc Wine' is relegated to dime novels and Ledaer stories. ' Vemnlen mil-. Tjunr' ha. ing now the standard challenge of the Idederfcrane, It is impossible to imagine two things more entirely opposite in their bearing, character, and intent, than the two cele brations, the names of which bead this etter ; they are the great social events of the season, and represent every class of society from the millionaire of the Fifth Avenue to the poor German tailor, who in the seventh story of a tenement-house ekes out a miserable existence at* three dollars and a .half a week. How did he ever raise money, you ask, to go to the Masquerade? That's his business — he went, and be paid his way, and went back to his garret content to lay up bis little savings for the next two months, when be wDl sally out again to the Mayfest or some Sangerbitnd, satisfied to snatch one day from misery and one hour from des pair. A wretched maniac attempted to get up a carnival in New York about a year ago, and barely escaped a coat of tar and feathers for his pains. This however was under the patronage of the stanchest German society in New York, every man of which felt a personal interest in its luccess. Gilmore's Garden, the largest building in New York, was selected. All the great brewers and bakers and candle stick makers, gigantic sausage firms, emi nent pork butchers, in short talented and oonspidoDs people in every grade of life, were there in regiments, brigades, and battalions. Art was not unrepresented ; fourteen whitewashes and a number o distinguished house- painters lent the aid and sanction of their presence. Tlie honorable Terrence Dooley from the Sixth Ward had been honored with a complimentary pasteboard, and he and his wife and all the little Dooleys were out in full feather, expecting to propitiate the German element in the next election when Dooley expects to run for Alderman. On the evening of the 21st all New York seemed astir. The shadows of night had scarcely begun to fall when carriages might be seen in every quarter of the town driving hither and thither like mad. It was evident that the loads they bore were of no ordinary character : the wheels groaned, the springs snapped and cracked, seeming to threaten instant dissolution to the bolts and bars and braces, felloes, hubs, and spokes. Shouts and songs burst from the merry revellers inside, whose expectation, wrought to the highest point, had become so intense that they could scarcely contain themselves. My first anxiety was for a costuma I went to a fashionable establishment to select I thought I would go as a wolf ; but the man's wolf- skins were all engaged. Then he mildly suggested a sheep. 1 did not like the idea. I then saw a mag nificent donkey's head. Says 1, ' This is just the thing ;' but my wife assured me I would be instantly recognized, so I was compelled to abandon that idea. She said, if I wished to escape observation, that I should select something foreign to my character and disguise myself as a gentleman. Smart woman, my wife, and so complimentary. I concluded to take her advice, I went disguised as a literary man, and not a soul discovered me alljhe evening. It was delightful to hear the flattering remarks as we walked down the floor. 'That's Tweed,' said a fat woman in a gypsy skirt and a sunflower bonnet 'President Hayes,' said a gigantic brewer ; ' I knows him veil : be loodks so tignified.' 'There goes Sam Tilden,' said the thin reporter for the ' Independent ;' ' I'd know him among a thousand.' Just then the blast of a monstrous tin horn announced the ap proach of King Carnival. On they came ? — knights, warriors, foresters, gnomes, spirits, fairies, mermaids, kaisers, em perors, kings, and washerwomen. Mar velous were the costumes, and wonder ful the banners and designs. Lions roared, wolves bowled, dogs barked, cats meowed, donkeys brayed, and noises in describable and frightful added to the general din, which even Dr. Dammer osch, with his monster orchestra, was not able to convert into harmony. The wildest enthusiasm was reached at about one o'clock, with one of Strauss's popular waltzes. It seemed as though the air was full of flying Dutchmen and Dutchwomen. Oh, how they swing around, heavy weights, tipping the scale anywhere from two hundred and ninety-five to half a ton. When two of these moving bodies strack together, as they sometimes did, the effect was that of a juvenile earth quake, and people began to inquire if there was any danger of the roof. For once our German fellow-citizens gave fhomfiatlTAo iin 4-rt A«n Tim lixiinn -«??« nuwuwviiiio uf *** &UII-; J.1JC UUU9C iTda theirs. They had paid for it ; they had invited their friends to have a good time and they had it I am afraid to tell yon of the oceans of lager they destroyed ; bat I think I speak within limits when I tell you it would float a ship. And it was not until the faint rays of Washing ton's birthday burst iti upon the revellers that the assembly dissolved, and by seven o'clock, of the ten thousand maskers who took part in the mad festival, not a shadow remained. The Martha Washington reception of St. John's Guild at the Academy of Music was a very different affair. This is one of those universal charities which snpplies a want not met by any othfir of onr aid societies. Jew or Gentile, Turk or Pagan, old or young, it makes no differ ence, ito hand is ever open to the poor. The Rev. Alvah Wiswell has managed its affairs acceptably for a number of years past He understands human nature thoroughly and knows that a man might beg for charity from door to door and starve ? but if yon want to get money and the end justifies the means, a* It dom in this case, you most cater to people's prejttdioes and vanities. The ticket* were Bye dollars and everybody was invited. The list of managers was immense, and embraced at least three-quarters of the Yoric ( not only the 41ito of our most iafhiftnablefliroles were there, but capital BoUd jM jmbslantial intrenched behind ibjapnftW JooMd down benignantly jonJ^^i»mg«BdBsjtbi«dmb of «iBo« duoata m»n tite Water* wineh »y Mbuta 3£Z tun/ dart, fit I - . -'' John's Guild h Minder, the patronage of 'the trustees of St Jobn'a Epis copal Church, and the church could not with propriety give a ball ; but (here would be no objection to a reception, and if Martha allowed dancing, of course it; could not be helped. For weeks and weeks society has been in a state of feverish ex citement to know what everybody was going to wear. Every modiste of any celebrity in town had as much as she could possibly do, and our distinguished friend Worth, of Paris, was not unre presented,— no less than nine dresses from his magnifioent establishment adding to the splendor of the scene. By nine o'clock Fourteenth street was all ablaze — calcium lights transformed night to day, and even the drizzling rain seemed to have no perceptible effect on the fashion able votaries of charity. The most splen did equipages in town, with liveried foot man and drivers, lined the streets, for blocks ; and defying the storm, crowds thronged the avenues adjacent to the Academy, anxious to get a sight of the gorgeous dresses which only «u occasions Eke this were ever intended for the eyes of the profane. On the inside, the scene was startling, and the wonder of the opeuing tableau was that there was so little of Martha Washington smd so much of everybody else. The gentlemen in swallow-tailod coats and balloonpanta loons could scarcely have been mistakeu for effigies of our revolutionary sires, while some of the fat dowagers, whose marvelous trains amazed even the most devoted disciples of fashion, looked as much uulike our revolutionary mothers as they did like sensible women. The fact is, it was a fashionable carnival of flaunting extravagance. Satins, silks, velvets, laces, and diamonds were there in abundance ; yet it was only here and there that they looked as if they really be longed to the wearer. One gay young damsel of about fifty-six wore a pale yel low corded silk, trimmed with purple bows of silk velvet and garnished with lace, the cost of which alone was over two thousond dollars. The train was three yards long, and as she majestically suited along, little fellows had to fly for their lives, for fear of stepping on her di-ess. I looked at her with profound ad miration. There was something sub stantial about her — no ghost, no shadow, no fancy, but, as a sailor would say, a three-decker. The floor shook beneath her ponderous weight. Yet she had the air of a girl of sixteen. Her hair, which was once a blonde, was gathered right up on the top of her head in a ridiculous and incomprehensible knot ; her mighty arms were bare, and bore a striking resemb lauce to a well-fed hind-quarter of mut ton ; a deep crimson rose was ne.itling on her capacious breast, and' in her right hand she carried a bouquet about as big as an ordinary cabbage. Diatmmd soli taires hung from her ears, and if you had put her up at auctiou, she would have been cheap at twenty thousand dollars. One lady dressed iu silk of the faint est shade of lavender occupied a centre box, flanked on each side by a daughter. Jenkins, who is deep in such matters, in formed me in confidence that the mother's weight was two hundred mid eighty-seven, and the infants at her side were respectively 226 and 213. One marvellous dress was of the brighest of scarlet satin trimmed with costly black lace ; the lady was tall with raven black hair and eyes, and I heard one profane wretch inquire, ' Where is our stick of sealing-wax.' We measured the con sequence and standing of ludies by the elongation of their trains, and biking that as the standard some of them were of considerable consequence. The receipts could not have fallen short of ten thou sand dollars, so thank Uod, the poor may rejoice even at the folly and extravagance of the rich. I saw the wives of bankrupt merchants and ruined capitalists there, blazinsr in diamonds and silks, and wondered where the money all came from. Three attempts at incendiarism have marked the week, to get the insurance on the property, one of them an old man nearly eighty, and another a woman be tween sixty and seventy. Lucy Sherck, a young Jewess, ran away from her home some weeks ago, aud on Wednesday last was received and baptized as a Christian at the Apple ton Mission. Tommy Lynch, who headed a band of desperate ruffians iu Jim Fisk's time, which was the terror of New-York, has just been confined in a road-house. A young lady in Brooklyn has just been discovered as a kleptomaniac. She stole everything she could lay her hands on, but as she was rich they concluded to let her go ; if she had been poor she might have been a thief ; as it was, she was only a kleptomaniac. 