?^raklkt :*.V; ...:.? : AMONG THE GEYSERS. ?; The Lower 3?iro Holo Basin is auothor remarkable plnco in tho National Park, though not equal to tho upper one, from which it is separated by a lew divide. Still there aro in it a groat number of geysers exhibiting an infinite variety of fine structuro, nppoarauoo, and size, 'somo small, some lurgo, meriting almost to be called little *? t lakes, and containing vast volumes of boiling water ; others moro crock* or Assures in surface, occasionally ejecting air or liquid, liko tho diminutive puffing-holes one meets with on tho sea-shore.' Sometimes it is ? ', ilicn or flint that is deposited ; at other i times iron, or silica and iron togethor, mixed i ~, i iu some eases with sulphur also. ? Old ?' ? springH aro horn constantly dying out and ', now ones springing into life, tho pine-trees , standing war springs, coated with deposit, and yet iu full life, shew that the outbreak of these springs must bo something of very , modern date. Numerous bare putohes in the' ? ioiust indicate whero springs and goysors ouoo havo boon, and in many littlo lakes or ponds aro buriod tho romains of extinot goysors. There aro also various mud voloauoes iu this basin. Tho Kro Holo River ilows through tho basin. Its waters aro warm, and muoh appro oiated in cold wcathor by flooks of geese aud duoks. The wholo of tho river sides are ' honoycombod and pitted with springs, ponds, und mud-pots, furrowed with boiljng streams, gashed with fissures, and gupiug with chasms, from whioh . issue . hollow rumblings, as if great stones were rolling round und round, or fierce, angry snarls and roars. Tho ground sounds hollow under foot. Tho track winds in und out among holos that puff sulphur flames or squirt water at you ; by great caverns that reverberate hideously, and yawn to swallow you tip, horse and all ; crosses boiling streams whioh flow over beds composed of a hard crust, coloured yellow, greon, and rod, and skirted by grout oistorus of boiling, seething wutor. The uruat feels as if it might break through at any moment uud drop you into lire und flames beuouth, uud animals tread gingerly upon it. You pass a translucent lovely pool, uud uro nearly pitched into its hot azuro dopths by your mule, whioh violently shied ut a white puff of steam maliciously Bpitteu iu its face through, u minute liobuie in the palh. You utiMt utedu ex-itnino into that rugyn.i-moiillioil ouyorn, and start bnoli with more itgilily ilinn gi'ijoe, to o.icapu (rotn a sudden flood uf hot.wMiftr,' whiuh tpitafully, nnd . without wuiijing, gurglis out and wola you tbruuijh. The air ib 'fall o\ fubiiol, Rli'nnfji; Mwiscs— didtnnt i,iumbliuH') at if ilu.wU.-fuHH ghosts, faint shrieks, satirical yimns, andl subterranean lauRhtor— aB if imprisoned uovila, though exceedingly. uncomfortable, woro not beyond being amuBod at seeing a frpsh vioUm op *pro»ch. : You fan'oy you can heat the rattle of th» loom, tho whirl of wheels, the dang and olatter'of maohlnory; and the impros sion is borne upon tho mind that you ore in tho manufacturing department of Inferno, where tho skilled hands and artisans, doomed to hard labour, are employed. I oan ?oompare-it'Oirly to- one'a-f oolinga in- on iron foundry, whore one oxpoota every moment to stop on a piece of hot iron, to be run through the stomaoh by a bar of wbito glowiog metal, 1,o'b'e mi8tak'on'I6r'd:p'ig-8nd'flffBt-h-Badlorig' ? into a furnaoe, or be iu somo way burned, scalded, or damaged.' 