SPORTS. CRICKET NOTES BY " GBUBBEIU . Duuixg the past month welcome showers liaye put a temporary extinguisher on the local cricketer, and lor records of doughty deeds on the tented lield, we have to go to Sydney, where the brethren of the willow are holding high jinks. The important event which was brought to a termination-amidst a wave of excitement such as cricket-loving Syduey alone can work .up-on the new association ground on Monday hist makes the twenty-second intercolonial match played by Vicioria and New South "Wales, and from a variety of causes, it was looked forward to with but littlo interest. The Victoriau clcveu were dismally alluded to by the Melbourne papers " as 'the worst team ever chosen to do buttle for Victoria," and it was a foregone conclusion that they would bo easily beaten. The result shows that new blood, like a now broom, is soniotimes very effective. The Victorian eleven included Scott, Tenncut, Slight, Terry; and a lot more players who have only just mado names in Melbourne cricket, and" have yet to win their spurs in tho intercolonial con test. Tho scores of the gamo are given in another column, so it is not necessary to detail them here. Two of those mentioned above made go-«l scores, and Heott's bowling proved excellent. Alice, the Victorian captain, got most wickets in ihe first innings with his slows, which soveral of the Wetshiuen seemed all abroad to. The hiut will probably bo taken by Victoria and acted upon in tho next watch. Tho Now South Wales team comprised such veterans as Nat Thompson, IS. Gregory, Sheri dan, and Tindall, all four professionals, with Kvans, Coates, 1'owell, and others who have been heard of "many a time and oft" to their credit and that of their colony. "With such an array of talent tho victory looked a cer tainty, aud it speaks highly for the alUround play of the Victorians, and the good captaincy of Alice, that the match should, up to the moment when the winning hit. was made, have been a matter of such doubt and uncertainty glorious characteristics of a noblo gamo. The hero, of the hour is undoubtedly Sheri dan, who made his 3d runs at tho critical time when his comrades' wickets | wcro fulling liko autumn leaves, and who only consented to give up the ghost when the total readied within three of the required num ber. This performance on the part of tho veteran undoubtedly astonished those who pro phesied that the " inlying Scud/' as. Sheridan was long ago nicknamed, was played out. The enthusiasm of la hello Sydney having been strung properly Ly the intercolonial match, the forthcoming contest between Conway's Australian eleven and a com bined fifteen of Victoria and New South "Wales will have every chanco of being profit-, able, and critical, or xathor cricketul gentry say it will be close and exciting. Allan has recovered his health and ia reported to be in* good bowling form. It is not-at the time of writing-known to me who is to stand out to make room for Allan, but it will not unlikely be Murdoch, who has lately shown rather poor cricket. The match is announced for Friday (yesterday) and following days. Last Saturday would, if fine, have witnessed two good matches, viz, Albert v. Blackall, at. tho Hamilton, and Stanley v. "Waratali, on tho , iticccouisc. Kate insisted on a postponement,. I and if this Saturday afternoon be fine, ono or | both of the matches will take place then. 