4- runs NEWS The non-receipt of messages , London correspondent for a day or two is its to an interruption on the Java, land lines SnSiocondaana Sourabaya. This interruption .. sold through the washing away of some felo ph poles by floods. -Yesterday, repairs were used, and the lines a) ÖoÄÄntothenthinstant. CoverT. Business to-day. Term List: Sfefand the lines are again in working order. In eSC garnishee column will be found telegraphic m nSl'rliElE BarelaV v. Bank of New South Wales, OA Manning v. The New Zealand Since Company. Jury Court: Manning v. '810 VeTzenl«*"! STITT Company, part heard. wScr't Office, at 11 a.m. : Dibbs v. Brown (2493), taxation (re Bond). " TitwwcT COURT-At the District Court, yesterday, by Mr. Judge Wilkinson, Michael O'Loughlan mod J. Newell for goods sold and delivered, amount Z to £10 12s. 9d- Dr- Donovan appeared for Saintiff, who obtained a verdict for £1 11s in addition K £15 11s 9d. paid into Court. Mr. E. T. Newell cleared for the defence. Michael Robber sued V. M'Cormack for damages for an assault. Dr. Donovan beard for him, and Mr. Simpson for the defendant, "he obtained a verdict. In a case of H. Johnson v. E Jacobs and others, for which damages were claimed for breach of covenant, trover detenue, c, in connec- tail with a bid of sale being executed without written permission from plaintiff, his Honor entered a non suit Mr. Gannon appeared for plaintiff and Mr. Dunn for defendant. Cause list for Thursday, 14th March : Collins v. Yeates, Grogan v. Pinkerton, Skinner v. Parker, Parker v. Skinner, Smith v. f RKEXTATION TO MR. R. PnEXDEUOAST.-On the 'occasion of the departure for Europe of Mr R. Pren toast, of the firm of Messrs. Fitzgerald and Prendergast, of the Castlemaine Brewery, the Hiiplovcw of that establishment presented him with a , beautifully illuminated address, indicating their esteem and high regard for his eminent tation was made at the brewery, yesterday, and the opportunity was seized by many of those present, among whom were Messrs. W. W. Stephen, P. J. Jackson, P. Higgins, J. Wood, J. Fallon, P. M'Nab, I. Want, E. C. Cracknell, Rev. G. Leeming, and many intimate friends of Mr. Prendergast for honouring their departing friend with their good wishes. A few toasts were indulged in. The health of " Mr. and Mrs. Prendergast and a family " was drunk with all the customary honours. It was proposed by Mr. J. Want in commendatory terms. Mr. Prendergast, in suitable terms, expressed for Mrs. Prendergast and himself and family their kind appreciation of good will and esteem manifested by those assembled. He was happy to see with, he trusted, laudable pride that his humble efforts during his sojourn in New South Wales had met with commendation. The address was read and presented by one of the employees of the firm, Mr. Sledge, and was responded to in feeling terms by Mr. Prendergast, The next toast was that of "The Firm," proposed by Mr. Loveridge. The hon. N. Fitzgerald responded briefly on behalf of the firm. Mr. P. Higgins then proposed the health of "The employees." Mr. Marney, the manager, responded. The company then adjourned to the station, where Mr. Prendergast was enthusiastically cheered on the train leaving the Mica station, BENEVOLENT ASYLUM, PITT-STREET In consequence of Dr. O'Reilly's resignation of the post of' visiting physician to the above institution, an election to till the vacancy took place on Tuesday when Dr. "VC. Edward Warren, of 285, Elizabeth-street, Hyde Park, was chosen out of a list of nine candidates. Dr. O'Reilly had held the post only about two months. DEATH OF A PRISONER is DARLINGHURST GAOL. Annie Smith, who was undergoing three months' labour in the above gaol, died yesterday morning in the hospital there. An inquest is arranged to be held this morning. CosvutsAziosE.-An extremely interesting con- versions was held under the auspices of St. David's Mutual Improvement Association, in the Infant schoolroom, on Thursday and Friday last. The otherwise rough walls were tastefully covered with bunting and green boughs, -while beautiful ferns and other plants, kindly lent by Mr. Charles Moore, of the Botanical Gardens, adorned the tables and gave a re- freshing air of coolness. The tables were covered with interesting and beautiful objects, photographs, engravings, c, many of them from the splendid collection of Mr. Reynolds, of George-street and the walls were adorned with pictures and architectural drawings, kindly lent by Mr. S. Brown, Mr. A. Bond, Mr. Ramsay, and others. Science was very well represented, among the instruments and experiments shunted being a complete system of modern telegraphy, stratification of electric light by Geissler tubes, decomposition of water, magneto-electric, machines and experiments, air pump with atmospheric experiments, specimens of submarine cables, and, what proved a great source of interest, the telephone. The Rev. George Martin also exhibited and explained his powerful binocular micro- scopes. One of the most interesting exhibits was a glass case, containing specimens of wood and tortoise My caning by Mr. Gregory Board. This, fine infection was exhibited at the Centennial Exhibition, Philadelphia, and gained a high award. A large collection of South Sea Island curiosities were explained by Rev. Francis Tait, in a very interesting farmer. During each evening, vocal and instrumental music was occasionally introduced, Mr. Andrew Fairfax's fine rendition of " England, England, glorious land and " Nancy Lee " being especially attack. The picture was kindly lent by Messrs. White and Co., and Messrs. Huenerbein and Waller to u accompanists. During both evenings the was crowded. "TutTOCAL WALTZ.". This is the title of a piece of music composed by Miss Maud Fitz-Stubbs, and ietucaledtohis Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, K.t M.G. The name of the composer is well known amongst the amateur musicians of this city, and those tihoareaequnintcd with Miss Stubbs' capabilities as s pianiste witt not underrate her talents as a composer were they come to try over the " Vocal Waltz." There iiawell-sustainetl melody running through the piece, which is divided into different parts, set in three, four. sons, and six flats, and has enough accidents to rattle any but a good reader of music. The waltz is pleasing, and will no doubt find favour when it is born. It is published by Messrs. Nicholson and Ascherberg. tontsiAHY ITEMS.-The following cases have been treated at the Sydney Infirmary Margaret Kings bury, 33, for injury to ribs; Caroline, Ludwick, 24,' tons on face: George Sanbrook, 52, fracture of humerus j Andrew Murphy, 37, cut finger ; Alexander Kenny, 58, cut on nose; Peter McDonald, 80, wound was forehead; Henry Campbell, 25, dislocation of jaw ; thomas Cook, 49, cut arm; William Wallis, 23, crashed fingers. James O'Leary was admitted at half pt 10 o'clock yesterday, morning, suffering from fracture of the base of the skull. He had been employed at the Gasworks, and fell a distance of thirty two feet. Re lies in a very precarious condition. COMMUNICATION BETWEEN RANDWICK AND THE says, "In the report of this meeting, published in yester WiScraM, the name of the last speaker was printed as. Lee, instead of Mr. See. Sports STOCK SALES. Messrs. Griffiths and Weaver report having sold 1200 store bullocks, on account of games" I>M1Sar aid Bell, of Noorindoo, Surat, at -gets. 6d per head ; also, in conjunction with Sir. James, of Toowoomba, 7300 young ewes (Messrs, Mate and Co.'s) at 7s. 6d., 1600 Clifton ewes at 8s., to Jondaryan rams at £3 each. A DiscovErY ox THE COAST. During the passage K the Llewellyn (s.) from Cooktown to Brisbane, IIp , Dr L Owes me the following discovery, leaders of which he placed at the disposal of the 'main Courier : " On coming to anchor at No. 2 Uiii?1"1'on the 4th "asthma' for shelter, we were Wttedbytwo men in a canoe from the island, where w? told us they had lived for the past two years,; T stating the captain ashore, he ordered the boat mystic poet' and taking some five passengers and iff "more we were shown Hythe landsmen a well ," THe child Si"A at the edge of a mangrove somewhere the tide ebbs and flows, making it can J?*101» ship's boat to receive freshwater with «7»MECaïried' We also inspected the dwelling was vegetable garden, which produces the best of 27s and fruit, and saw something like 100 1911 sheep, these parties telling us they were in position to supply vessels calling in there with MM everything. After spending an hour in con possess these' dances' T> returned to the 'r»tíí¡SS'!ioPoUCEVA,r-Laät week a policeman [1W*?w,a* named Wm camQ Mo Y!>39 and, we tasting"-' Marsland, tendered his resignation to Wffot she left He went' or Pretended to go, to hnVv S ' but was missed on the next morning ied&r;^P*and airways search was made, and Stn I.? iWllut wires were brought into opera- I Music's , d the T'Silauce of his " brethren in He is a -. can be obtained of his whereabouts. I ImW e and homes of grown-up children in I \- SIR-We have received Fiji papers to March 1. The principal information contained in them is that which relates to Sir Arthur Gordon's visit to Samoa, an account of which we will be found in another column. The season in Fiji has been an unusually favourable one for fruit, such quantities of pine apples, grown dallas, dawns (Fijian plums), kanakas (Malay apples), oranges, and melons, not having been seen for a long time past. The barque Neptune, having filled up with copra, has sailed for Hamburg. She took 200 tons from Fiji, the balance having been made up at Tonga. A plague of boils seems to be giving much annoyance to the good people of Levuka, everyone being more or less favoured. Another nuisance is experienced from swarms of caterpillars, which are making matters unpleasant to cattle owners and others by eating up everything green. Vegetable gardens especially come in for a full share of their patronage. SNAKE CHARMING. A curious story of snake charming. is told by the Ovens Register as having happened on Sunday, the 28th of February, in the house of Mr John Carmody, farmer, Whorouly. His daughter, a girl about 14 years of age, was in the kitchen with her brother, two years younger than herself, and two other children younger still. The girl was singing, and the boy accompanied her on a sort of impromptu hnrmonieon, made of an ordinary hair-comb covered with tissue paper. The girl happened to look down to the floor, when to her horror she saw a black snake 6 feet 4 inches long was coiled round her leg, with about 18 inches of the head part renting on the floor between the boy's logs. The boy instantly jumped on to the table, and the girl by a spring succeeded in throwing the snake off her leg and landing it in the fireplace. Assistance being got from the next house the snake was at once dispatched. It is believed that the singing of the. girl and the sounds produced by the boy on his impromptu instrument had charmed the snake from the boards of the floor, and he had stealthily wound himself round the leg of the girl, when he could at Ivis ease listen to the music. DISTURIUKO wtE PEACE The following appears in the Bendigo Advertiser of March 9 : On Tuesday morning (says the Cornwall Chronicle), Mr and Mrs. McEnroe, of Wellington-street, applied at the police station for authority to lay an information against Mr. Henry Varley, for disturbing the peace in Wellington- street, by stopping in the footpath opposite their door about 7 o'clock on Monday evening with an excited mob who were singing hymns and warning residents in that locality that they were going to hell and leading others there. Mrs. M'JSnroo stated that the pressure against the window of her shop cracked several panes, and when she went to the door the mob attempted to rush in, and used threatening language to her As she could not identify those who threatened her, the information was not granted. Several panes of glass were smashed in the White Hart Inn, near M'Enroe's clothing store. The mob collected in consequence of Mr. Varley entering the bar of the Prince of Wales Inn, and threatening the landlord that if he did not give up his calling he would surely go to hell. He warned Mr. West that he had one foot in the grave and the other near it, and if he did not repent he must go to hell. Mr. West was very ill, and Mrs. West, who was within hearing, was so ill that she was not expected to recover. Mr. Varley offered up prayer, and then went on with the mob greatly increased. FALSE PACKING OF WOOL In an article upon malpractices in the wool trade of Sydney the South Australian Advertiser says, respecting the false packing of wool : " The remedy seems obvious enough, and it excites our wonder that in a city doing such an enormous trade in wool it has not before been adopted. The method of sampling must be rendered more complete and satisfactory. Our readers must have noticed in the heaps of stones piled symmetrically by the roadside in the road-making season certain openings made at different parts of different heaps. Stone breakers, like wool dealers, are not above suspicion. It is possible, by making a good pile of dirt to begin with, and by carefully covering this with layers of metal, to save a good many hours of particularly hard work But the road surveyors, taught by experience | rely on an effective method of sampling. a Now one end of the heap is examined, now the centre, and now the opening is made between the centre and the end. Instant dismissal and considerable pecuniary loss is the penalty for false packing of road metal. The result is that scarcely ever, we believe, is an attempt now made to overreach. We understand that it is much the same in Melbourne in the buying and sell of wool. The facilities offered to the ' buyer for effective sampling are such as to take away from the seller the hope that he can succeed in cheating. " And if he has a mind to do, so he wisely judges that the game is not worth the candle. Out of the bales that are offered the bu very select at one. It is placed on the floor in a well-lighted room. The covering, is removed in several places or altogether. The discovery of false packing is thus rendered fairly certain, and so it is not attempted. A process of" sampling like this is, we believe, the practice in Adelaide. In Sydney, where wool-growing is carried on after a primitive fashion, hundreds of bales are heaped on one another in dark dingy stores, Generally the end of a bale is all that is accessible. It is evident that the modus operandi must be altered." DEATH OF H. B. M. CONSUL FOR SAMOA. It is (says the Samoa Times of February 16) our painful duty to chronicle the death of Mr. E. A. T wier, H. B.'M. Consul for Samoa, which took; place early on.. Sunday morning, after a very short illness. The deceased gentleman took to his bed on Saturday, the 2nd February, suffering apparently from very- little else than a slight weakness, and continued so, showing no alarming symptoms until the night of Friday, the 18th instant. Towards midnight he became unconscious, and appeared to be gradually sinking, which continued till 6 a.m. on Sunday, the 10th instant, when he breathed his last. When the sad intelligence was given out, it took everyone by surprise, and threw quite a gloom over the town. Every flag, both ashore and afloat, was lowered half-mast", immediately it became known. The funeral took place at 4 p.m. on the same day, and was followed by nearly every foreigner in the town, besides the natives who, have been for some time under the protection of the British flag at the con- sulate, who were desirous of showing a last tribute of respect to their departed friend. The German and American Consuls were both there. H.B.M.S. Sapphire, having arrived in harbour it 1 p.m. with the Governor of Fiji on board, the funeral was attended by the Governor's private secretary. and Aide- de-Camp as his representatives, and several officers of the ship, including Captain J Murray. In consequence of Mr. Liardet having been a Lieutenant in the Navy, a firing pay was sent on shore, so that the unfortunate gentleman might be buried with the usual honours of a naval officer. Mr. Liardet leaves behind a wife and child, besides a large circle of friends to mourn their loss. THEATRE ROYAL Mr. Darrell's new drama of " Back from the Grave " is to be withdrawn, after a very successful run, on Saturday evening, when 'a Transported for Life," a drama of a similar school, is to take its place. The heat of the weather has been such that attending public places of amusement has been little else than subjecting the visitor to a vapour bath ; hence the attendance has not been so large latterly as hitherto at nearly all the theatres. VICTORIA THEATRE. As was anticipated, " William Tell is proving one of the most successful of Mr, Creswick's impersonations, and the piece will be retained for at least another week. Numbers of persons have been induced to attend the theatre to witness the place on more than one occasion, and from the enthusiastic manner in which Mr Creswick is received there is no mistake about the popularity of both the diamond the actor. Mr. Casey has improved considerably in the character of Gessner, and his performance is free from a certain amount of staginess which was noticeable on the first representation. Miss Daniels further has much more confidence in the role of Albert, and in more than one instance the acting has much improved. * QUEEN'S THEATRE-The programme at this theatre, being very much more varied than one or two latterly given, has tended to improve the attendance. Mr, Leon is better in the " Rose of St. Flour " than almost any piece he has played in, and his voice is not strained quite as much in the incidental music. The part singing is excellent, and the negro farces have not only much humour about them, but are played quickly. The variety of the programme and the rapid manner in which one-piece follows the other give the audience plenty of change, which in an entertainment of this kind is one of the secrets of success. SchooL OF ARTS-The Marionettes are still well patronised, and the matter was well attended yesterday afternoon. There is some good singing and acting, and the performance is really ves by clever. GUILD HALL Mr. D'Arcy Read opens at this hall on Friday next, when a dramatic company, in which amongst others Mr. and Mrs. Belton appears, plays sundry pieces written to introduce the spectral illu- sion, better known as " D'Arcy Read's Ghost," Some very flattering notices appear in the Oriental journals, both native and foreign, and the entertainment even on the score of novelty should prove attractive. 