> OTJE AMATBTJE THEATRICALS AT > BOOLONG. lie jests at soars who necerfelt a wound — Roitiso. > One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, ' of B oolong, h.ad of his youthful days, he used to dccl.are, ) was when he-m.ade his first and only appearance as an I ) actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at his k own house in Boolong. He, for some unk nown reason, nad conceived that he was horn to be an actor — to tread the boai'ds like the great Gairick and the older Kean — but it was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his hc.ad after his peculiar dehdt. On finding the Melbourne and Sj'dney I managers imwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing , red h.air, Wd a turri-iip nose, .an .appc.arance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the bull by the horns" .and get up .a company of his own down at his place .at Boolong. He went to enormous expense 1 in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having ( scenery painted— for Banbury was determined to do the , thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a kind of scratch "compan,y, inany'bC them like himself, raw am bitious amateurs, eager "to fret their hour upon the ' stage, '-'-and one or two seedy outcasts of the 'profession ; and he looked forw.ard to the production of his pet pl.ay, ( " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, not unalloyed with pleasure. The .amateurs, after about a ' month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their ; words before the curtain went, up, butkafter it did most of them forgot them.'.' ';The scehm'y hitched ; the Ghost was ' intoxicated, and the King likevvise ; Opluilia, an amateur, ) burst into a nervous fit of teal's before she said a dozen lines. Banbury was roared at by the local persouages who ' assembled.to assist at the amateur performance. But this ( was' not the 'worst,' fog) BiiulDury found that when the bills came in tbeexpeii.se was twice .oTs large as be had expected, ' and he could ribt meet theih! " The'fello'\vs,l'"'he used to say, I " .allowed me'to liave'whate'vcr -'I waiitcd on/credit, because they knevy ;that;m'y -rich uncle in Adel.aido; a strict Method- ' ist, would, pay them, but I': knew very: well he would do no such thing wheriilie fotind they were for theatrical trap- pingSjiforrifrth'ereiW.as ione thing he held in abhorrence it was the theatre." What was' he tokdo ? His.uncle would disinherit him, turn him'out of ffhAhouse helHad furnished for him, and-se'nU'him adrift' on.:the world. What was he to do ?';;'His credifors'w6uld not wait and he would be a misefabio pauper;- . But; for aUfhis he : did not lose his house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the hank in his . name, thanks to the- timely aidl of :6ne,w7t£i 'is a, friend, to the drainarasnvollias to the v'est of. the world, who advanced him the ncedful'-.g.i Ne'ed.we'say.his.name. No; all know him I But we rni'ay as well remark it was the champion of the distressed, ' DivID' 'henry, c)f ''8i Who has fi'om., '£5 to '£ ip,OOQAo lend on notes of.hn.nd, bills of sale (with"-? or withouti security), salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, .bill of lading,, legacies, goods, merchandise, bii expected remittancesj or oii. moneys per sons m.dy be' entitled to' from' Bngb-ind'and elsewhere, etc., repayaWe 'to sui/the/cbuS'bnience of borrowers. , Bills disOouuted di'iilj at the, lowest rate of interest, and morlgages fi'piii G.pei/cent. 