DR. MOORHOUSE AND THE ARGUS. OF all the cruel and ironical satires that have appeared in the columns of the Argus, we consider that to which our contemporary treated Dr. Moorhouse, on Monday last, the most heartless. In the first paragraph the Anglican Bishop is called a sensible man, who says " what's done is done;" and it details how in August last a church society was suggested by the Bishop. Our readers will remember what an immensity of Apostolic work, and what a world of Apostolic fruit, was expected to follow from the inauguration of the Saturday and Sunday classes. Alas! for expectations. Most people who thought of the affair twice were a little amused at the ominous silence that hung around the doings of the undenominational classes, and the religious instructions that were then established for Saturdays and Sundays by.the Church of England. The Church of England has traditional reverence for everything by law established, since its existence itself is by and with the sanctioning of a law of the British Parliament. The Argus helped on the movement, and was " gratified by the receipt of assurances to the effect that the movement was making satisfactory progress." "However," continues our contemporary, " we were not at all confident of success." Surely not. Had the rgus been confident of the success of the undertaking—had it not been certain of its failure, it would not hare given such a cordial welcome and ready help to the Bishop's plan and the Bishop's effort. 1 What success could be augured in this land of light heads, light hearts, and light work from an institution, if it can so be named, in which the teaichers gave thei^ voluntary services, the children only their voluntary presence, and where the particular teaching Jin ieacli class depended on the independent individual views of the young. lady or gentleman into whosehands the Bible mayforthe hour haye fallen. If Dr. Moorhouse exfpiected'ihis.plan of hiB to succeed, must ?>e highly/trustful in exceptionally pure and self-sacrificing character of Victorian men, women and children. But his eyes have been opened, and the Argus says he may have expected the result he now bewails. The vexed Bishop tries again, and in a circular letter to his clergy he exhorts them to do their best to impress upon their people the utter insufficiency of Sunday school instruction alone, and the " necessity that there should be some kind of balance and proportion between sacred and secular education, even in the case of those who attend Sunday-schools, as well as some kind of week 'day provision for those who do not." Excellent advice, and wellgrounded. " What," says the Bishop, can be the effect of a merely godless education like this, but in commerce, h speculation and systematic knavery; in politics, selfish ambition, cruel animosity, and unscrupulous oppression ; in social life, impurity, effeminacy, idleness and incomtancy." A more sweeping condemnation of the noble system and magic power of the three R's never came from Protestant pen. The Bishop, however, in his circular deals only in generalities. He does not suggest any detailed plan of operations, much less does he commend his clergy or his people to enter upon the only practical and effectual condemnation of a system from which the youth of the colony are to reap knavery, selfish ambition, and impurity of morals. That plan is to withdraw their countenance and their children from the State schools. Oh, no; the system is by law established, and no one breathes a word about its alteration; and, for this simple reason, the Argus can forgive the severe judgment passed by the head of perhaps the largest and most wealthy section of Victorian professing Christians. Not only cau it forgive the Bishop, but in the hope that he continue the tinkering efforts whose failure evokes his present circular, it praises him " There is a broad and manly spirit about this way of encountering disappointment and failure which must commend itself to everyone." Yes, to everyone who hopes to see what the Argus calls denominational religion abolished, and some species of refined paganism, to be called Christianity, established in its stead. Here we pause. For us Catholics there is a kind of consolation in the knowledge that what we in principle and from the start have believed right, and put in practice, is now admitted by the Protestant Bishop to be correct, namely, that some provision must be made beyond that of Sunday- school for the religious and moral education of youth. Moreover, we have an extra assurance that our pastors, when warning us against the State schools, were only doing their plain and inevitable duty in cautioning us against that system which the Protestant Bishop now finds leads to knavery, ambition, and impurity. To Dr. MoorhouBe we must award the credit of having spoken plain and fervid words, and we would only, if we may, recommend him to follow those words up by deeds such as he everywhere sees his Catholic fellowcolonists doing. But the Argus ought certainly have some regard for the feelings and intelligence of a gentleman in Dr. Moorhouse's position. His Lordship must by this time see, if he do not say, that the way to save his people and the colony from the disastrous results of our present system is not to beat about the bush in vain efforts at inadequate Sunday-schools, but to boldly face the difficulty, and use all his influence, while any is left him, to secure an amendment of the present destructive system.. We must not be understood; to deprecate Sunday-school, teaching. It,is highly useful, and.has done, and will do, much good, but it is next .to uselessas a sole means of stemming the tide pfirrejigionand immorality ., muBt jof necessity .inundate a people wjhiose youth have been brought itip^n purelyaecularschools. .The . following eloquent passage frtfm die circular of Dr. Moorhouse will not unfitly close our article: . Since the State thinks it cannot, wejmust bestow a religious education upon our children. We are bound to do this (not only to make the effort, but to go on making it till we succeed) by every obligation whioh we hold most sacred; by loyalty to our Divine Master; by faithfulness to our ordination voire; by love of those souls over whom the Holy Ghost has made us overseers; and, not less, by patriotio attachment to the country which feeds and shelters us. We must resolve to succeed. It were better to lose anything than th« hearts of our children. If one method should fail, we must try another. We must summon our people round us; we must ask them to join us in prayer to our heavenly Father that He may teach us the right way, and give us strength and grace to walk therein. Vainly will our successors preach to BOUIB hardened in habits of godless thought and feeling if, while these souls are tender—responsive to the glow of emotion, and plastic beneath the formative hand of love and truth—we neglect to set before them the blessed gospel of salvation. - Owing to great pressure on our space this week, we are obliged to hold ever some correspondence, which shall receive attention next week; also a leading article in the Kyneton Guardian favourable to the Catholic claim on the Education question. This journal has, from the beginning, ably and consistently condemned tbe secular system. THE South Gippsland Election took place on Wednesday. The returns to hand give Mr. Mason a Blight majority, Mr. Crossley being second, and. Mr. M'LeUan third. IT will be seen from ouradvertisingcolnmnB that the Nuns of the Good Shepherd giatefully acknowledge, from P. Hanna, Esq., the receipt of £100, the bequest of the late Mr, Hugh Hanna to tbeir institution. THE following electoral registrars have been appointed: James Conboy, Goornong, (or the Goornong division of the district of Mandarang, and for the White Hills division of the North-western Province, vice P. Hallinan, resigned; Knnt Ejellgren, Redbauk, for the Moonambel and Stuart Mills divisions of the district of Kara Sara, and for the Navarre division of the Northwestern Province, vice G. VOSB resigned.' The resignation of John Danstao as deputy eleotoral registrar for the Strath* fleldsaye division of the distriot of Mandn. rang, and for the Mandurang division of the North-western Province, has been accepted. AT the end of the present month, Superintendents Hill, Mason, M'Oulloch, and Ximenes of the police force will (the Argui says) retire on superannuation allowaroes; but there will be no farther promotions, as it is not intended to fill the vacancies. The police districts will be recast, and the boundaries considerably enlarged. IN the Argus, of Tuesday, it iB said:—A bill to amend the Eleotoral Act has been drafted, and is now under the consideration of the Cabinet. Tbe measure is understood to rectify some of the boundaries of which the Ministerial party complain, such as the inclusion of Jolimont within the Richmond electorate, and the separation of Carlton from the more democratic district which it adjoins. It also terminates the system of giving voteB to non-resident property holders. The draft bill has not, however, been finally dealt with by Ministers, nor is it certain that it will be submitted to the Assembly next session, as the Constitutional Reform Bill will be the first measure proposed, and, in the event of the Council not aooeptingthe Government saheme, all new legislation is likely to be hung np pending the Jappeal to England. Iiisnowoertain (the Telegraph says) that an All-England Eleven will visit the colonies during the coming season. The secretary of the Melbourne Cricket Club has received a communication by the Californian mail from Mr. I. D. Walker, stating that he had definitely obtained promises from twelve bona fide gentleman players to come. " Th® team," be says, " will be the strongest batting and fielding one that has ever come oat here, but it will be rather weak in bowling. The names will probably be sent on by the next mail. 