REMINCENSIS* OP A DUBLIN CARMAN. BY LAKRY DOOLIN (LATE OF DONNYBROOK). No. 4.—HOW A GREAT PATHROT DIDN'T GIT A BANQUIT. His thrial kim on and me brave patlirot stood in tlio dock, and the dickens a more complate picthur of cringin' cowardice ever pursinted itself to the admirin' gaze of a crowded coort; for though he knew he was to be acquitted, his face, always a dirty yalla, was thin as white as a ghost, and he thrimbled from head to fut like a whipped cur in a wet sack. The look of gratitude that he gave to every wan who bore favourable testimony to his character was eloquince itself, but I am sorry to have it to say that his gratitude was jist as long-lived as his glance, for in aftlier years he forgot those who befrindid him thin in the hour of his need, as complately as though they never had existed, but that was only characteristic of him. Howsumdiver the thrial kim to an ind, and me brave pathrot was*"acquitted bekayse the jury was packed in his favour, for wid the exception of owld Tom Saunders, of Pill Lane, every man upon it was his frind. Why, Martin Bonrke the foreman wid have died of starvation afore he wid have consinted to a verdict of "guilty," and the others wid have follied his example. And so he was acquitted be a jury of his counthrymen, and I dhrove him and his brother-in-law, the late Dr. Callan, home to the house of the latter ; and be the same token the parin' of the nail of the docthor's little finger was worth the whole sowl and body of the pathrot that escaped the rope. Yis, in troth I only say what's thrue, and though the docthor wasn't as great a pathrot as the wan I have been writin 1 about, lie loved the dear owld land of our birth more sensarely nor the other did ; and I believe in my sowl that lie never recovered the blow which his separation from her inflicted upon him. His pathrotism was thrue, and frindship with him wasn't the echo of a spoken word, but a beautiful reality, emanatin' from a warm, manly and unselfish heart. I think I see his kindly face now jist as I used to see it as he'd stand by my sick bed whin I was a boy, and his pleasant voice, though silent for ever, sounds in me memory's ear and wakens into life and motion the forms of old frinds and scenes that my eyes will never look upon again. He was my frind, and I allude to him wid pride and still wid sorrow—for he is gone, and in the words of the poet I will pay his memory a tribute of me affection and regard :— "Green be the turf above thee, Frind of my early days ; None knew thee but to love thee, Or named thee but to praise." But och ! blur an' ages. I mushu't lose sight of our great pathrot or he might git jealis and fall out wid me, and I wouldn't for a knighthood and a thousand a year that sich a calamity should befall me. Well, some time afther his acquittal he got into parlimint. and be goxty ! whin he did, he distinguished himself be chargin' every wan there wid corruption, which was mighty like Satan rebukin' sin; and after that he collapsed like a bladdher you'd stick a pin in, and havin' been a most successful failure he retired from parlimintary life to find that he wasn't wanted in Ireland. It was hard lines wid him thin, so he made up his mind to make a descent on poor Victoria, that never did -him any harm ; so he packed up his tliraps and prepared for the voyage. He still possessed a few frinds who stuck to liim through thick and thin, and these gintlemen proposed to entertain him at a public banquet before his departure. A committy was accordin'ly formed and was composed of the followin' persons : Thristhram Kinnedy, ex-mimber for Louth ; the late William Carleton; John O'ftagan, barrister; J. Fitzpatrick, architect; Mr. Plunket, the rich pawnbroker of Thomas-street; the late James Doyle, who acted as secretary, tod John Cashel Hoey. The committy used to meet in Mr. Kinnedy's chambers in Henriettastreet, and circulars wor sint out to all the Nationalists, requistin' their co-operation wid the committy, but the circulars produced no effect, and the committy might jist as well have tried to make a marble statue dance a hornpipe as to induce the people they addressed to come forward and honour the pathrot wid a partin' banquifc. No, Sir, it couldn't be done. The people had no grah for the pathrot, bekayse he had been weighed in the scales of Irish public opinion and found wantin'. The committy soon saw that a bauquit was out of the question, and the pathrot was informed of that mortifyin' fact, ana he was of coorse in a nice hobble, for widn't it be an everlastin' disgrace if the thruth transpired and it became publickly known in Australia that his counthrymen widn't give him as much as a farewell dinner before he left home. The committy through a spirit of kindness had got him into a purty mess, and of coorse, out of consideration for him, they couldn't disclose what the cause of the failure was; but how was it to be accounted for? that was the rub, for accounted fer it must be. What excuse could be put forward? that was what puzzled the committy and the pathrot too. Death, howsumdiver, kem to their assistance, Frederick Lucas died, and our bowld pathrot saysed upon that milinkolly fact and twisted it to his own advantage. He wrote a letter to the press, statin' that in consiquince of the death of his dear frind, Mr. Lucas, he could not appear in public or accept of any mark of public esteem, and he therefore begged to decline to accept the banquit which his counthrymen had intinded to have given him. This drew forth a letter from Mr. Lucas, senr., which was very flatterin' to our pathrot; but if Mr. Lucas knew as much about the ins and outs of the matter as Larry Doolin did, the dickens a line of his letter he ever would hare written. No; bad luck to the line. Well, the time for his departure kem, and he left his little cottage in Waltham Avenue, Black Rock, and barrin' a few books that John O'Hagan, the barrister, gave liim, he departed widout a token of any man's regard. He left his native land unwept, unhonoured, aud unsung, and thin, and thin only could it be said of him— "Thrue pathrot he, for be it understood, He left his counthry for his counthry's good." And barrin' the persons who formed the committy, that I named afore, and perhaps half-a-dozen more, I don't believe there was wan man. woman, or child that cared a thranyean about his goin', for he never was and never will be a favourite wid the Irish people at home, no matther what he may be among a sartin class of them here. Ever since the day of his acquittal to the present, lie has walked beneath a dark cloud of suspicion, and it will continue over him while he is livin', and hang above his grave whin he is dead, except he can satisfactliorly explain to the Irish nation how it was that he, the most dangerous of the Young Ireland party, escaped that punishment which was inflicted upon others less guilty than himself. Why were their juries packed against them, as they ondoubtedly were, and why was his packed in his favour and composed of his personal frinds, why ? Because they held out to the last, and would never submit, and he caved in, or in other words sowld the pass. I have said afore that the br'akin up of the O'Connell party was a sarvice that the British Govermint would reward. The man who performed that sarvice is a knight to-day, and the " Sir" may sound sweet in his ears and in those of his contemptible followers here, but every time that it is pronounced in the prisence of a thrue Irishman, it must awaken in his bosom feelins of loathin' and scorn for the peculiar pathrot afore whose notorious name it stands. Well, he left Ireland aftlier he had made smithereens of the O'Connell party, and he came to Victoria where he rendered the same sarvice to the Irish party; and if the political power you possess here, my dear counthrymin, can be purchased to-day by the highest bidder, you may thank the distinguished pathrot, the Hon. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, for that humiliating fact, and love him accordinly. LARRY DOOLIN. • Eeminiscenses, we presume. 