(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) HOBART TowN, July 28. Heavy rain has been falling all day. ` st n m- yM'Keozie'e chnlclwalonlda in a bucket of swater, weas opened to-day. The jury viewed the body ofthe child, but ia the mother was unable to attend to ..ge evidence owing to illness, the inquedo as' adjourned uinedie. Tlua'e;sesoaman syriyed frosrsJýylpney to-day. The following is her passenger list :-Mr and MrsR i'ndsr;!OaIin and Mrs Hut ii"G 1 'bii'.a"Mrs D'4Atxyy;Jead MFJAndss r.' . W~at teoi4M. Walker, Mvrs3anks Dimh, fleas~ s Ohapmoan;.Halcbna,'EmwiiendiJDavideon ;t6dWt0J Morkik6W,'"J: ]Liglitfobt,liSoul bert,.-J3rqwnlpw,41rqoks,iaand ,4pj;'eteerj *age.lnM traii..;d .,,ltralt i, i't i;la nt a ta LONGFORD, July 28. _, Mr Andrew ,Inglis 1Cirk has been elected withouter fip6sition for the district! Tun mi$D Ca cm RE 0b.4fThe state thoe-randy Creek Road -must be in may -q jggg g ied jT9,anothr. 9i1enI1t Iwytio egllpen4- qsi 94ies lay t qm?9,,po.f IMr :ab44 Tyeatlog n iatof e1 i refit drivgpN,;'TPI~Ye jp,&'' quantity ofluggage, and efore it had iot abut of-sg ofAb.ol~te)19.elon iNipolwenlt ,into.a I f glue;ppootthruugh',the perverso -neae of ;tbe lcader,,,and oyeg r wit1he ,vehicle, throwing teio passepgers alit* On°, llq~wggunortnae-enochl to be 'stithbhit''a fb fe ril'Ii 1, tin'eloupls,~ citla thel ow, si uenler t~op '6f hiim,1 and ýis conditio lei'n extricated may bo betti'i 4 ieined'thihn'dectrlbed."P'lenty of hienp'Jfrom i'hdsd Who i-sithdssed the nccicb wst'5htsalislabrlid dmid thl Jcon eate- htidiig beh* Wtielted thotlahty useiloti' *i6drittn'spwlireithey were eei pddo'idir'aiid"hadua wash,,none,'for tulnately "havhj"in siataiidd'"'an mo'ei Whitbild:ý'j thitPa`"fidWiruiktish did an Ri°qlibiiefed s11tiace of n tid!RJ Theapor1 "tih"lopublihis %hod'frork' ?ittintisketo -the' creek will be repaired byM:-]h hliiy,lwlio 'bd; b etsittdes'tho %crebk and theS/tp-! ply the road'is in'dl dreadful estate'froni 'thsdW iAiVtathertild"otiisthht trAlloj'and the road trust, with"'eveiy wisls' busd6 their best, sit hot in W'potition to put it 'iui rejpir,' and' afters thoesentiment's eox preosdby Ministers totthb' dtputtlio r'dty ,the Gdvrnerst tad6''idt'aedni in= alined to spend any'moiey'oh it" A0AtiBELD ToWN ORICKET rCLUB-All 6Ainteraofti ,tlt3eub,~r ? wol.\ishors of thie same! ore reiilhiO8te towll nbb Ke~an's Hotel this evenuig. 1r.1e'ASTO0K y aridTin ,uiTA8.L-The v148; etleMaipti r0ilwaigsmust betotb oi stool-owners, Wi f;'te rn' Wall ouppaly \- pan..talr Gillings, fat~ Pt in hiy .be Tasthntiod from tyney,-ivliUethl hi nof'the Tnuhilernofp stock receithditthe ooibirt hownstation of extienh1ded scle. Forn gyo Csdtlo,lhi3 isrosr tone present year eding'io Juno& 3d4LCrttleo I1168 ;.. elioop, 12,50f3 pigs;734l=''total, -LoNbOrdUt.-Bibl . reading in. tbepi(s in sorhly teoom xto-morrow ahternoon' at 3 guits± orhe Bhlligs' of. Perth.,ogir n arrived at Hobart Town yearerday per hasbt~frontl Synnrneywith! hie novel ooitertainnet' entitled"!' Ghost Revels.?' Thde- prinoiple-sisl that, ofo, Ppper's Ghost " on an extended scale, -as I dglely~eriesty Minstrels are introdluced, doube eent in; a Trhaunted houch,` an SwoIber copernations owythe oraheatraaprose itoticcsnent,,1 tlthe seq alopeok very tsaor ably. ati ,10,82 . ' ih ' r6 L-LrNo2ESToN CuORAL SooeYvl e otrlinbcr it cs thil> Socieoty arg ahusy propat ing for the next-concert, which will' be 'givbnsii tho-athp, o1., The, pmogrrmmo has booeuIvell~arrsingedl~artc qoutaine,tgn~e .goodscisoctioos. ,, Asuppgehi the; sttws p;pet Sdtiwn wednotisetieoyioliestolos,&crnrdes; fombausc from ;,Lucia4, and $qpve8iri.ir d'A1,erique, by Herr.Carle Schmittn a double duet, "Troubadour Mraeli," ar rhihgedfor eightle andsontivo pianos'; 'two-nee overtures hylso orchestra, ida gnhod varietyp of glees, trios,- and: songs. S-Altogether. the prsgramnie eih one- that b-'should ifford anroexrellent- evting'enr 1 t1rtiinnientrtobthe musioklovisge portion or tlivocaom k o unit " i~ uin 18 fe' linodi ,~8O ,ctl' + l 1,6 41877, 1904 cattle, and.. 8385""'eldeip, i? valued at '£19 820. The'r'm'siay ex-. 1 porelis~t fomii asmhnie=o; dur-nnrl877, 21 'hand) idfi/pure..-fred; cattle valuod ia-£2 200-and -2868riborsesl-- valued- at £7831'; total, £8831.. Tiie niimbor f cattle eotrown loyttO live stok roturns. s foroB7 o wash ;121,469;' and, for 187$,i 121,167e; thia Jattorintutuliaer. includes 21 heaid of stud cattle. huenl fit:Launoeston,. which arervalued at,2Oi0 fTens R eAnuTNpieAro - ,A paragraph a in the roport of thu Chief Inspector of Scab for the- past. ycar,4ip,;yltidhi ho refoi-s tothe rabbit nuisac to, is not rcassnrink. Slfru ''Whiyte ' says :--" DuringW the`;. yoar 1 1877i'709,'572 rabbit'ski'ns~wero exportod, valued at £h110.:From this anyone not ;'aiqualuted "with 'Ithe A-couutrylf' mighit i-h'oragind that' the'rbhbit"plgiso is being nbgrcumo ; such isnot the 'caeo,'h ihovor, SI rna sorry to say. On the -conterryhl1' sec rigved ofythe' hiecmease and spfrotidnf rabbitsunloroveruli ~havbenica', letinugh. ing the m ci~senddsras, whirvte suttlepints. by ,>~v~ebourell atistl esfrq th rast ilut 'eanst re' oraten coset-r .'dtetrin teisabtsny'haeiumr plaedfroiithllrhof hi adjoius dage n:r erocstandthau-to cpone t o t energtic ally." cled:adEt TsetAntoitWAnd SoNs5Yi tl ther yes teda hwnl masou nhew scenry liil 4 krrive :yih tauaelisrManguapros ing ide cenehaed ben, praintd PoLIce CLoTUniN.-`Ye yesterday in. spected at the establishment of Mr C. G. Croft a number (32 in all) of new helmets specially ordered for the municipal police. The helmets are, as regards shape, but little :different from those now worn by to own police, but in construction and ,sgakqaoe alterations arenoticeable. They arI etade of cork, covered with-the usual felt, and mounted in a very tasilful manner, and the ventilation.iseffected without any inconvenience attending the wearer from rain. These helmets are not of local manufacture, but were sent out, per Gem, from a London manufactory, to Mr Croft's order, and they would have -arrived soouner--had not- the= number of army contracts received, consequent hlihjtohe lv zhaitvment, prsevnted the firm attending tor this au d otoer small der ..W hlsye peen also a oumber~ef psltcemen's'capes wlaich Mr-. C~rpft has psi hltid ieacy;to be issued t.the tpd'lip. *aefliwLx..;Coaps'UI; um ni.~.::Ac ,eo. fihilllisgton will have the first: insatalmenot at he uitfortheLaunceston'L9orps Of tfil'bsidduiai"iRifle Reginient,'3 ~l 3ylrtgh ia1O qOp o tractoreonewthie~eetablshiitot day, sndtup to Tiioddayinext,.; t . 1. .:e I lhad occasion to.severelyarebuke'a witness itiui cens ,its ihe.Plied Codsit yesterdayl whouge 'Ads kiislnly at h10 p ek grin;:at: ,tleo,,defenulsnt ;the;case' on whose aidt he appeared:. i.The 'Magistrate asked-him if he'knbw'ivhat' al sblem sadt .l1Q,..aq},jue..perf9rmed11etand' bldw affOr evidence to'berelied upon. 'llTikueecgAYSrksnjBAscksleAL. eottre5. ndeilt e a IoL rodghEtheoioug to le resueme Tusday a tuncedll LabafDeloraine' ,ftIdlatesgny iaes a baileelivesoabroughtpto Extdeip Ideectt Bagley, then to Carrick, thdd'tt6b Had. eposs, and on to Latncestqp. Surely a tepv isnuiell be, msde~Ismgediese est;,oo WESTBuaxitROY E nTRUsT.-Tenders as iivithdt - this trustlfor a vbriety if 6 d(9°1i;te rdistrio) atot'db iy ,,ohWtdrst' aoeiu Bnde Wntfe esiiifoysu that-workatWestwood Bridget asabein suhpeiided for' a msonth owingto, te /d iosthgit stuld the statd of the,; ra'It. Wdci~ýimpos}siiao' for ,the coýi!ao~r tQof , ,Ve11 id ~ipaiq a good ljob: corn;ta,: T proposed demonstrationwill alsobe post. Sr. Joiyr'(' FoxiiE N IT1 SlIETY.-The .annotersary -tea meeting will be hold on i kL~oiA'iFo.'.,During the Heang' of the ,mda shlledbhshlvi JudsofiIn heiPolIce Court yesterday,--the defendant stated I 'thakhq hadboffeted!plaintifrypayoept at i Ithe ratblbtills"in hotiu'ftn! the tioeopleig. t liffhzadhworncd. Thjswaslshow.nlbythe evidence:toehavo ,.hoonsoveriCM4. ous, which, at Is pernhourjawoild,bkftASrte oracbldimountT'lplaintitf) nowjAwp l *gqgl5 costt. The olafis'dsl.dwiggpR94paphe 1 ground that plaintiff had only worked~ppe f ,lay.anghtsihalf, whichistattl.rate.!of 7e s per day, it was contessded.ampuptei4o 10s Odli ,thsieWorking day being of ten hours.. The Bench ultimately gave a v rgict ¬or.tho amount of 14s-two days' y waes, Evei4 up tbthe close of the case s itinevd'elr a d to striksaniyosie isitsieet e that is per l ioa r , i otherwisooab6t da rs'b' t~dik; ti ii a't!*li oaofts' ifie tlia' lQdui'ttt laridi)thllit9 If 'otlhit1 'iel'll f nit ItV.Upn sayed. -fir-'[ J-'tn 1ýo ~'AnOD lh1gsih of' 'atti y ni'iedddisinement ap. cared headed u AhlTdust"iound the SVorld.",utThdlfollowihg information has 3 boeendupplied by Mr Vanderategon, the promoter of the 'movement:-',My in. I tention is to charter:s stehanor about 1,000 ir tons, and fit her- up especially to carry 11- about. h00pasengcrs.. Shostwill saiffrom oMelbourne, ,callingati Sydney and New 's nestle+ ,frqsi thoeey to Jajliua China a, India, . Clony , Egypt, rkoyf 4 nsod i, make all ports of note in tliefAeelitor i- ranean, thence-to-England and-Americ, ,n* rdturning through the caial, slid visiting all important places; to Java, Borned land \- the principhlsplacedihi Lthe .Pacifie and e then home. As soon as I have.reoeived sntlicientniinducomeonblisliall'isbued'iros. of .ectus;:stating> termsj &o.; i The-greater 0f part. oflthectime *illbo spentonshioro e" .travollinglaboutfromnplace to place; baud ;t, picking hi thiousteamnriatr contenent w- places: . et wlvoleutour. will oceupyitl12. monoiths. "iina Lr::,inalf ,y :o1 'r ,m a A Bio IDEA.-The latest thigin ijail. way projectsait, statosithe Dunedin Age, a milwaye~from.dlEngland to the Caps of a Obod Hops. The .ebdipidtirdhalof the i tunnel betweenOCalais-and 'Dover-would, t ofbnurpe, (be necoes'e'', faidd'then an uindersed tmiel wouldt be reusired to 1 connect Jiopesand Afris ts ibrhltar. * '11.reit bf bit luse ysshd, ist, istid, be ' coparaiey easy. Foi l Qpae to 4 Western Australia.the dlstanceoa ot.very g. great, and byakrash6-contitiitalzrailway ,,.inAustralia Molbourne andBydnevwould bee broughttoiwithin'.three *eol(a',jquntey n ot Lundon. Oflcoutserno.ed paiy.wousd i venture on such a echemo b h so who hd'ilhdvised2 itt fi lk'or s r"ricd f oit'as da'iiatioalnlindeiLakits°. Oa. PplTIGISeTSeAns.r4nrlEqglisr ;papor states that., the Italian ,,manegers; are Sbegininng .tP.igrpt jthe singney paide to Madame Patti and.ecolspi.O,, At,)hliil it is paid that thie,4iva had saved the direc. i tion, brit oli wast Ilq),th.,:seapoe. The nino performances produced 88,300 francs, Ai end thd tWdtartistb Alone a'edoiied 90,000 francs. The otheroejIsonses amounted to 30,000 .francs, b-eing together 120,000 francs. ::Thd.'d~iuiotionlflias 16bnsequently lost 35,700 francs.- 2A Si h~Eziolieta..-It evill be tsnigmboreul Stihat some tiuleiagQLsiws WssLcriceived bftlth desth. oPt the tvolbrothert Prost, wh wbOithiothergi6f, their. party jarished fien~ th irst'tthile isitisoarch of, pastural addtits jin theifo'a westifii'v dtstriotsl of . Austrihld' iThe followinsi additionasl ar. tie,,lars~boriicdniniflthe leatasiti'o hOae' ffrones'thse DasrhiniDownse Gazeter:-..tF.The sidght of tle hoddiedwsiv toad audlmeisrnfel 6n'dot ThiearWWbro' tido1 others~perlelhd beeldee the Pro~tts,'mnalling. foursinlihh. The two brothers were found lyimig-close togethr eajlik' &ichi; other a handi. Thdtbrtlel loS'e that had existed hobeitoo~theie through life continsed ini ties hour of death. Theo bddioa!'bf the other two white 'ie'nlayl kdherf disteenco tljirit afd iiiiW fe~re htyttsdin the'pc slddh deSuij. Thidfiitri h~iid noi esceided, iei reaching. the ..ortiDarry~in.tslegrIphi line, L and they, couldOn t hsVa travelled merew thuanseiglhtees or Phonda~yie thinyihad to ueooqynbs,$ Usepf PhRit* 2 'erkelse, Selit,11S0.- eotletmep4 fel It duylw oai te: ~ m ~ toe for t kiong, r 3eottloarmee for-its' asgve r l eo Hojiesnolt aboencis oi hthoewthiot dthuls~n heinefitated- aml. e It ts. bf0oranuslq ,o allva l,.'AltG T00 noon To eTnI,-Whata boon the followi r ich e fro, an English darwcld bo'o qome l our suffering render if it'ode itintro duced here. rho paper says that Dr. Well, of Munich, has employed and ad. vacated the method if first extracting the tootl 'stelflupt~lt ;,wlth 'krcftlgam, and: results are excellent, and the teeth can be freely used. He keeps the tooth out of the socket for one or two hours, as iii be necessary, ased byet~hqto thjs ultt1, firmy mgely~bli. He(Pinc that methdm c to pill if bi o' bltf bicu -t spids and molars. . .R . ,, - TmEATaRoeL.-The Melbourne Daily Telegraph says, "Mdlle. Scasi, an opera, bouffe actress, well and favourably known in Londhonhawunrivedaid this cityef About, three yeacs,e~pcgshemade.two notable Carotte" and " Falancappa," as "The Brigands" was styled at(hdidfeMUSinWb then she has,. we eepdergtand,, been stusdy.; ing tihtIhil#.C,3 Bythe Liittuh iaj which js< expected shortly, there is to arrive Mr Walter Begg, whose nom de theatre as Walter Bentley. He is a member of a family distinguished for its amnhked ability. His fater is the Rev. Dr. Begg, the well-kn16stiun llvii(s\ ande platfofim orator of Edhsbur`'?lt-ad blShie mother Maria Faithfull's side, he is nearly related to MissElizabeth Faithfull, the Sansceit, scholar Mrs. Fleet (Esther Faithfull), ,the viminator, and that'Emily Faith(oll, 4ivho _ a lin oohnectjobj with all mboe Ten fothe extensin of woman s spheres of lalpur is household, Word.. Mr Walter Bently!te anlf~ii~ointeabilityi and scholarly attainments, and in a Lon don and provincial seasons in company with Mr Irving, he has been highly 'siedifdr this onasterlyraissumptionsmof Hamlet, Cardinal Richelieu, Mfacbetl, Richard III., and other historical charac ters." " (I BOYLE, ALLAN, a AND Ho .-Thei Chiae Secrejajy ,lh eoej~v d. (the Age 'strafes) a.lettbi"' bH e'1na h~lfroaL he sc.. retary of .the Anatralian Eleven, asking him if he will extend .the leave of absencegrantod, to Mr Horan, of the Audit Departiuen r Mr Boyle, of the Mining Departiiiet.l and Mr Allan, of the Lards n'Die art6eet, they-havr been invited½ibyg eva \'vripleeting, qliobs in. Canada and the Unitell States to visit the Western world and play there. The' reply of the Chief Secretary will(deter` mine the acceptance or rtjectioni of tbi9 invitation sent by our Ameriican friends. to' theypseti es ý sple aria stacrs, as'tlh othl h ers' ef tLb teamn. are c,cldhtl" #1 f.7p llhi that.''Auss trai ae6tild' itdhe'1 rpreseted~i wlthnut' _and Allan," "The Clfh ii6'S tal y"lin BD ýIE3.- O~s" R cmkfLer - eaysXAIatlat itidin ,oseeoc4 thhe.gfram I l ý j hiol ftad on hid g,UsledAhltibd how he was speWdg oirnem. "Holidays I" said the. boy: "-wish they were over. C'My fatlir g liae off warl'Ihi all day in b' ig)t kbhh br going to the nearest Sete qqbcol till the and of the 'vapati told Iftoebklthe Intter. Thank '.1gidt~s~l~Wth Ti'the Oliristmias hdliditys f'coniti1tJhh tlyState sohoblsare closed rI £8fihiloFu o un rllan bur: eobolia I ran oddt - 