% %tmhit %ximt A New Zealand SroEY. ' BY EOBEET P. WHltWOETH. We live this life, travelling over a broader or narrower ledge, between two vast abysses — the past and the future. Of the past abyss we know something, what we are taught, not of our own knowledge or experience; of the future abyss, nothing. Ib the present life the be all and the end all? Is it, as religion teaches us, a mere precursor, a state of probation to another and a never ending lifeP Or is it, as the ancients taught, one step in the never ending staircase of time, one rung in the ladder reaching to oternity P Who knows P Let eohoolmen argue as they may, they are 'kBtiU no nearer tho great truth. And yet, for tho better comprehension of the somewhat mar vellous story I am about to tell, it is necessary to raise the question. Was it a dream P .Neither at tho time when the inoidents I shall relate took place, nor now, do I kuow. I never could remember dreaming such a dream. Or was it one of thoie dim perceptions of a past state of being whioh sometimes, rarely though, occur to us, when wo see a puce for the first time, and yet whioh seems strangely familiar when we perform an act which recalls a mysterious and imperfect memory of haying done the same thing before F Spiritism, and other similar supernatural mountebankery, I ignore; witchcraft, and its attendant diablerie, I despise. I would acoount for the phenomena by natural laws alone. And yet I cannot. Nor is this a ghost story, or a reoord of the wild imaginings of a fevered or diseased mind. It is the truth, strange and weird as may seem some of its sur roundings, the simple truth. It was in the early part of December, 1861, that I, Philip Massey, started from our camp or the Shotover river for the Molyneur township, or, as it is now called, flromwell, in order to sell some gold, and to bring' back some stores, of which we should'soon be in need. I was one of a party of four, who had worked together at manyof the diggings in New South Wales /and 'Victoria, and who had beon/abont 'a \year in New Zealand, located on Darmiohael' s Greek, near the head of the Shotovor, and under the lofty-jytount Hyde, a spur of the Harris mountains. =? We 'were muoh further up the riv^rjjhan'mbst of the diggers, and were located in i?ne of the wildest spots in that ' wild and almost inaccessible regibnT' Our 'workings were on the Bide of aSbStViery largo terrace, on the creek, shut in nearly fill round by precipitous oliffs and mountains, covered with huge timber. Wild as was the landscape, there was a savage yet gorgeous beauty in it, in the summer, when the rata flower blazed in its crimson glory on the hill-sides ; and in the winter/ wneirtiie snow- fields glistened 'ht We sii&ltiine;^or the black birch forest wejrt inljiejr&in-; storms:of that gloomy and inhospitable region. ? ? ' ;- ?'? ^'???' It was a;wild freelife, ah'ertitf* man's i existence,' which, . once .raperiencefl; _can | never be forgotten— a' life, the'; memory 1 of which oomes back with, a., strange yearning yearsaftor; and- when a'mani may have -settled doynx- into o' staid, i mechanical rate-paying' inerchan^, law- ! yer, dootor, or what (iibfcrra '.life' withal, j of uncertainty, of hardship, of 'constant peril— peril- of waters, when ;the raging ! floods came boiling and. Boreaming down' the gorges, bearing huge trees, boulders, j ay, and too often, Eumanboingi, oriWard in their resistless iforco. 'Who has, for- i gotten ihe'.timei when the.; fyhole of the lower part «f the -'Molyneux: valley was -'Bubme)!ged, when 'fifteen i meh we're drowinfea,^ flmongst'^ihein .the three brpthors'.Lynoh. ; Perils of bind, as when the: entire side of ;B hill! tumbledbodilyuitb the Shotiver; bury- 1 ing; I know not, ribr'was it ever ; known,: how many unfortuiiate diggers in one; gigantic tomb. Perils of starvation pf being shut up by i&e; snow as in^jiuge' prison. Perils from the inifean3;pisto]-- shot of the skulkiiig thief anaissassin,, 'or the Tuthless bushranger. AT wfld, free, oirmg.'Bphyiniifnllfe— to-day^boor, to-ihorrbw rich, 'and yet, with, oil its hardships, ite.cold, its.iwet, its' toil, so often fruitless toil, 'who,1 having 'once lived it, would nbt gladly live it again i'1: As, I said, I; rttoteji1 froni iny, camp for Cromwell to sell; our gold and ge supplies. We were on a good spot,. and had. got over a hundred ounces, and -were of course in- high spirits at our luck. Passmg our cainp,' at a distance of a quarter of a mile,', was the' regular packers' track down the Shotover by the Arrow and Lake- Hayes, and so down the Kawarau;gorg*, but this, the regular road, I had determined not to take, partly beeauseWLmtfier was ' fine aDdpr^mifSlvto^^ipp^^nd the towiad not ffi bffijifGnju&t; and so «-d .the .credos, Sp4 partly' bscauBe there Were some «i|picious characters lower down the' idver whom it would bo as well to ovoiVand who|fiad they seen me going, would, perhaps, have -uoB«fed my errand. There was e bhued back leading over a saddle in the Harris yange.Tound-Wie- hcndtif Uw-Angy, across the Motatapuand theOordrona, over the shoulders of .Mount.PJM.and so into^KeTffolyDeuxvaUey'enaontOtJrDm well, a track which two of my mates had ;theV pronounoea-quito safe and Jdatyao find and keep. The. diitanoe was some fifty miTes, and .although (the' ws.y; was rough I might easily do it in two days. ....;. We had sat up rather late the night previous to my! starting, arranging .what stores I iwas to .purchase, »ht-t money to ^ deposit in theiank, and so on, and when %? I 'and imy- tent-mate, George. ;Moseley, rose to- turn in : it -was nearly ten. o'clock. It! was. half-moon, and a oold, dear, icahn, cloudless night. ? Not a sound: Iras to bo heard except the hoarse but not unmelodious hum of the creek over -its shingle bed.: We were both struck with the beauty of the scene, and George, who iwas somewhat poetical, -was j ust remark ing on the utmost unearthly loveliness of the glistening glacier-clad double peak ot ?Mount Auruii, whioh soars aloft in^tie west, when I suddenly interrupted him mlh.f Hushi iwhaWas that J' . tWo atoppei and listened.' Not a sound ?avidthe njurmuringstraamand the queru lous piping of the distant JdwL*. - And jretil^ooliiaitiave sworn J. Irasrd'the crdbtlingof twigs, as if a footstep had trodden oh them -at 'the rear of the tent. I darted qnlfckly round; but no, nothing. I. went a'few':Btfips into.the bush, but still riotliing.Jcithor to see or hearj and I returUed, 'fancying 1 must have -been mistaken.- George, laughingly; said he supposed it was « kakapot, .or a ka ka, 'feeding on the tutu} berries, and \;re iturqed into pur bunks, thinking no more of tho matter. ' 1: ??--' ? - '? ' Next morning I wasupatdaybreak, had breakfast, 'humped my swag, and; was away before the bell birds hod' beased their morning hymn. The gold I had safely 'Boouroa in my belt, my compass was in'my pooket, and my faithful ier ringerinung at my hip. ? : '??'-??? It was. a glorious morning. Nothing I have ever:' seen: oan .compare, for gorgeous oolounng, ior ongut yer soienm beauty, with a summer -sunrise' inith'e' mountain district of New Zealand/* !Far: above -flie dim J)lu3 gray haze that envelopes the earth, shoot into the upper air the puro white scalps of thaglacier toppod peaks, which stand in confused1 profusion on every hand. Then slowly the dull sky is striped with flakes of purple, turning to red and amber, and thenjto floods us of molten gold. The j white ice' peaks and snow fields are tinted' with a delicate pink-^the pink of the nautilus, which creeps apace down the slope, glinting brightly on the sharp prominences, and turning the dark shadows into rich purple. Then up springs tho sun from his vast bath in the far away east, and po»k overlapping peak, glif taring like scattered masses of diamond, spring into huge tongues of prismatic fire. 8nch a sceno as this I saw on that early December morning, as I skirted Mount Hyde, with the giant Motatapu on my left shoulder, forcing my way through the tanglo of supple-jack, fern, and Box, of the low-lying bush, and then up, up through the thiok red blos somed ratu, the dark birch and maple,' and the bright- lnaved veronica, and still up, over the beds of moss, box scrub and snow -grass, to the bare summit of the saddle, 0000 feet high. Then, what a view! Far away in the north- west' the dazzling glaciers of Mounts Earnslau, 9000ft., and Aspiring, 10,000ft. in alti tude, and around on every hand a vast seaof mountains, of every possible variety of shape and ruggedness, the alonds and mist floated far beneath me. The prospect was most bewildering, and even to my practised eye the possibility of recognising any particular mountain, except those with which I was familiar, seemed almost hopeless. . Tfp to within a few hundred feet of the summit there had been a clearly defined and well blazed track, for it was one frequently, used by tr» vellers between the Shotover and the Upper Arrow and Oardrowa diggings, but at the. point where. I stood there was nothing. 'but bare rook, and therefore nought to guide, mo to the next timber. . Still I knew that my course was nearly due east, and I could see the Motatapu river rushing .north ward at the foot of the mountain a1 couple of thousand feetbelowme. With out a moment's hesitation, therefore, I descended, after consulting my compass, making in the direction of a distant lofty mountain, whioh, from its rounded'top, I took to be Mount Pisa. I soon reached the timber, but was ' quite *ihable to find any,fl^,ofthe.track,:aTtho)jg'hJ'iausr have lost many- miles :by .travelling in a zig-zag direction in order 'to recover f.tha blazed lino. Clearly I wa»' ^ff'^my course, 'but' that wiused me.1 n^;.Tin oaainesB, as thoc6untry,altri6ugh. rugged, was ppen,,and I was travelling. east ward. '' -By noon I had left the last timber behind me, had crossed the Motatapu and several other smaller streams, 'and hoped to cross the Cardrowa ere night f all. ' But as I advanced further' into the solitudes the country grew more and more rugged, and more than (once Iliad -to retrace my' steps; , At last, after olimbing tho shoulder pf 'a Iof ty lull, which I afterwards ; learnt, was oalled Middle Peak, Iwas brought; to a. dead standstill by-arriving at the 'edge of a probip{oS,-'1oy6rlo'oking a;'deep; rocky ravine, surrouWedi so far as I.'oould see, by inaccessible cliffs. . . . ; , * . ; . iHoweverunpleasant, there was nothing foritbut to Jtum''bBokana.try another Touted -BomStnnos, Sliding, -sometimes scrambling, I ..arrived ! at the ' foot 'of , the - .iange.'anq. slcirting it, found myself at the entrance of a wide gorge: ior defile, -between- two- lofty walls of precipitous rock. As f entered the gloomy^ portals . a, singular feeling of apprehensioaitble oveii me, a vague sensation of dread of something, I knew not what. ,- :i 1 Besides, the place - seemed, strangely familiar. I had certainly never been there before',1' ah& Jyet I fobnd mjself iinobn soiously reoogolsing the yarious features - of the BCeneJLthe cleavage, in .the rock, the position ofa huge' boulderjtiie direc tion pf a -dry wa&oonrse;,; and other bircum8tanees,eVent-i!mattersof detail. The further I advanced .the more familiar did the place Tieoome, and; I found myself intuitively following what seemed to be a practicable 'cotlto amongst' the huge, and pUed up : inaBses of fallen Where, or how, or when, could I have seen this place, before P or even ? Kiwi.— ike Aptarr, a vtngleu bird of Hew BeiUnd.' ? :....:- :?:??: \+ JTnlaiOT.i-o-ffii.— New Zealand pirroU. t JVliT— A poiBOttona plant, fatd to ««e. .Ihe Huds txpvm «b Jntoxktttag U»nor from the iny !TUoe Uke -it f I carried ??'?Sny mintfry:b»i;Vto the place* I had been in; 'TpthSidiitmB tuidKnlliM of Kew Sd^tiivWftl6i''fuDfl-Onipibu£3» the i ^vines' ? ana ^fcildrray 'Gates. Further back WH»**Mnona*nd queTiradia of Wadcoi ' Btiliftkb&'j^-theTnonijWii^iiin * Efca%*hire\\-ana Wales; :NQ,rnothing ' JCMrt'l-'iiiTo araitot itf ?' It -seemed impossible. Was I dreaming now P 'No,' I-#aJwWfe-aWBlfe, ana btet/ Sense on tho al»t;i JW- to4t=glftinoar P ? P«Uw, oon sente; besides, the holders and' masses of &Hrtfen;*obk Were Mal.at loonld feol. I paused irresolute -for * moment, -.but; \- kl*btfgli''Wy'bo»rt ?WMknoclringatpiy -, ribi and my- whole frame ehivaring with sV-usiaB'lesi'terror, something seemed 'to inrjiel'mW onward, as if I were' leaking' k-tuiaifn)f,'%ut knew not wbftt. Tet ««*re Bnpbared tote ^something lacking. T*»pla& wasthe ?ameas I seemed to H have 4een before and yet different. I soon knew bow. Even a« I thought, a gentle sough of wind sighed down the ravine, .the sky darkened, a ligbt rain befean to fell, and, as is frequently the case in Ijhese mountain districts, sV thunder aoSdet 'the solitudes With a hideous (hang. ?' That was it. If I knew the place before, how much better did I jtnptkr it now,' for every flash, of lightning, erer?' burst of 'thunder, seemed to be merely the riflox of Wbathad been scare* into | my brain' at Jjomo remote period, fllges ago, porhiips.V And with 'all, and through all, came a vague consciousness, an idea.whibh I could not form into ihspa, of 'crime, a dim foreshadowing of terrible evil. Still, and although 1 would fain have retraced .my path, an invisible power foroedme forward in my search for the, mysterious something of which I knew nothing, but 'which I bad a prp sentimen't' t should find. At last It name. The gorgo or onastn down which I was proceeding grew narrower and still more narrow, more gloomy and Bavogo, until it opened out into' a nearly1 circular pit,' perhaps ? a hundred'yards across. Yes, there Was what ??'£ sought, and my heart- gave a bound of terror as 1 recognised it To my'left, Shd not twenty yardsfrom me, yawned the mouth of ft wide oavemin the rooky walli -JHadly would I have fled 'from the spot, but my trembling limbs still bore me onward. Iwasfasoi nated, and pasaed within. Yes, exaotly the same. In the dim half light I could distinguish the charred embers in the makeshift fircplaoe, the huge blook of stone that served for a table, the smaller boulders that had been placed as seats. The floor was covered with a kind of fine shingle of disintegrated granite and quarto, but here and thero wore patches aud splashes of black, which I felt were the stains left by human blood. Bad this then been one of the sacred cavorns of an extinct tribe of Maorios, and these stones their sacrificial altars F No, no, a thousand times no. I know, I hod the conviction burning in my very soul, that those stains were the signs of a still more terrible crime. But what crime P I seemed to have a consciousness, a dim, fade! out, and yot ghastly reoollection of one— whether as u spectator, or as one concerned, I could ?? not tell. Whether, as I have said, it was merely the indistinot remembrance of a dream, I did not know, but that there was more beyond I felt assured. I looked round the cavern fearfully, as if I expected my ' oyei to be blasted with a new gorgon.' The- thtrador rolled sullenly without, the wind screamed down tho gorge in fitful gusts, and the rain fell with a constant and dismal plash, but all within was as still as the grave. The oaverri narrowed off at its extremity into a kind of natural gallery, which again shot off into two openings, or inner oave), and into tho left hand one of those I felt that I must go. I went, slowly, cautiously, unwillingly, Btep after unwilling step, over that rocky floor, until I entered. Then my dream, or foreboding, or foreknowledge — call it what you will— was out. There, prone on the ground, lay tho skeletons of two men. Too bones and some vestiges of olothing were there ; the rats had done the rest. With a wild scream of horror I turned and fled, the outer' cave seemed to spin round me in a mad whirl, and I must have fainted. When I recovered oonsoiousness, tho storm was over, but it was growing dark. I sat -up on the floor and tried to oollect my thoughts. Suddenly I remembered where I was— what I had seen— and I sprung to my feet in order to rush from the accursed spot. I had almost reached the entrance, when I was suddenly startled and stopped by hearing the voices as of men in. loud dispute coming down the gorge. My first impulse was to hail them, but it as suddenly flashed across my mind that I was alone, and that I had a valuable lot of gold in my belt, and what could honest men be doing in an out-of-the-way place like thisP Tme, they might, like myself, have lost their way; still it, was better to be safe. I was armed, and if —great heavens! I all at once .remembered I had, a week before, taken my revolver to pieoes for the purpose of cleaning it, had found the, centre pin somewhat worn, and had put it on one side, intend inr to have sent it down to Dunedin to ba repaired, and had put the imperfect, and consequently useless instrument back into the case and forgotten all about it. I was unarmed. What was to be done P Shuddering as I passed the left hand cavity, I darted into the right hand one. I found myself in. what seemed to be a narrow passage or gallery, sloping up ward, so far as I oould distinguish in the semi-darkness, into the iiooky Jieart of the mountain. Stumbling over the un even floor, I proceeded about a dozen yards forward, when 'farther ingress was blocked up byja.huge mass of granite, whioh seemed to have been ient from the roof by some convulsion of nature. Crouching behind .a large fragment of Btone, I stopped and listened. Presently, I heard the tramp of footsteps entering the outer. oaye, and the voices of men * % loud .in'.dispute. The dome-like roof oa'useii'the voices to have a singular dis-' son&nxjEOuna;) And yet, in common with' whsV^lTiaVje s^en.bf the gorge' and the cayernV they appeared* to be, 'in some * remote manner, familiar, not only the voices themselves, but the -conversation, wUSlI seemed io hare heard before. It^was .pot, :qui£' dark ; yet .and, as ;i peered. r jlownwitrd from behind ..my hiding-place, I saw four tnieulentlook ing'rjdiians ; three of them seated on the boulders I have mentioned, and the1 fourth lighting a fire with a-teap:'o: ' T^iaTlrjishuian;* Two'of 'Ithent I knew; th'?y belonged to the parly caMped lower down the Snbtcver than we were; They were 'at nigh words, -Jond the oath^ and blasphemy witJiwliich ?their, ? 'Wnd Irishman,' * pdddy plant e™*HgJih theeuliteof Oil tnstov region. Jtiin»4*sTael brataen«na other, into* airtirt.. language was mt«rlM^W-ra terrible to hear. At first I could npt oatoh their. odnveiintioDj but, ? as .^iey .4alnied , down somewhat, I soon found that 'I was the subject «f it. Theonewlib spoke most bad a slight impediment In his (fpeoch, and him; I recognised as a suspicious if report ^oke fa- ji^, was not entirely unkeqrainted with lie interior arrange ments of jrentridge, *. t . - y ; arrange -to.stsrt' £btsf mornln', an* to feo by tie Mount Harris track. Very well, that's tlie Mount Hams tract, ain't it P and there ain't no other:' 'Maybe bo imight have pasaed us,' suggested anbtW of the ruffians. ' 'Patsy Carroll, you always was a fool,' -was the, savage retort. 'How could he paso us P Didn't we wait for him at tho Soitb Branch ford since momin'i and hejcooldn't git acrost any where else, ooulj he P' 'Maybe he wint th' other way, or maybe he didn't Btatt at all,' persisted the one addressed as Patsy Carroll. 'Maybe this, maybe that,' was tho reply. ' I tell you I was list'nin' out side the tent for half-an-hour, and heard it all. A hundred ounces he was to take, to come this way and no other, and to start at eunrise. This then accounted for tho footfall I had heard behind tho tent the previous night. ' From their further conversation, I found that they had started from their camp at midnight, andhad waylaidme ata narrowpasgnearthefordof theMotatapu; their objeot being not only robbery, but murder. They bad waited for me all day, and had come for shelter to the cave at night, believing that I had got bushed and had camped, and knowing that Imust pass that way next day. I learnt, too, that this place, which was a quarter of a mile or so off the track, was a haunt of theirs, and that the remains I had seon in the other chamber wore those of two of their victims, their rule being to spare no one whom they robbed, but to take both gold and life. What an escape I had had, or, rather, had I -©soaped at all f No doubt they would Ibave early in the morning, so as to be ready for me, as they thought, a the ford, but how was I topau the night J I did not dare move, and my constrained' position began to weary me. Bad I not -ottor mako a dash for it. Nonsense ; they were all armed to the teeth, and I was defenceless. As I thought, my eyes had become a little more acoustomed to the darkness, and I saw on my left hand what seemed to bo a narrow opening in the rocky wall. As I strained my oyes to pear into the gloom, I slightly altered my position, and, in doing so, moved a stone, which rolled noisily down the passage into the main cave. In an instant every man was on his feet. They stood for a second, and then with a wild yell, rushed for the gallery whore I was. Unhesi tatingly, and without a thought of oon sequences, I darted into the opening on my left, and plunged madly forward into the thiok darkness, regardless of falls over the rough footway, or bruises against the jagged walls. One, two, threo pistol shots were sent after me, and I heard tho fiullets flatten against tho rock, but I wai not hit. Deeper, and still deeper into the unutter able blackness I fled, along a tortuous path, sometimes to my right, then to my left, feeling my way with bleeding hands and arms. At last, completely fagged with my exertions, I stopped to rest and to listen. Not a sound. I had rushed madly on, I knew not how far, into the bowels of tho mountain. It was enough that Iwas for the present beyond pursuit. But would tho sleuth hounds abandon the chase P Would they not follow me, were they not then warily but surely track ing me to the death F Or, still more probable, would they not wait for me at the entrance, whither starvation must sooner or later drive mo. I had provisions which, taken spar ingly, would last mo four or five days, but what thonP Besides, I had no water, and I knew by bitter experience tho pangs of thirst. Again I listened, laying my oar to the ground to catch the slightest distant footfall. The darkness and the silence were profound — a darkness that could be felt, a silence that seemed to render audible tho voioelesB stream of time. Strange to relate, but I suppose my wom- out physical endurance oould stand no more, in the midst of my dismal re flections I fell asleep, at first into a broken and troubled doze, but afterwards into a sound, refreshing slumber. I have no idea how long I slept. It might have been minutes or hours. I had no means of judging. There was no day; no night. The same dense, impenetrable blackness ; the same insupportable silence. ? It was as if I had been hurled into oblivion; been precipated into an eternity where there was no life save in' myself; no time save that whioh fleeted past me. , As I awoke I. started up, the whole incident flashing across my brain— the- start,, the lost track, the double memory of the oave, the bushrangers, and. the flight. , What ; was to be done i Should I go on still further along this fearsome path, or should 1 return and brave my fate F But stop 1 Whioh was forward, which was backward P My heart gave a sudden bound as I. remembered,, that I had turned round more than once in the dark, and had nothing to guide me as to whioh way I had come or was going. For the first time I struok a match, and looked nbput me. I was in. a narrow, but rather lofty, and apparently very tortuous (for ,1 could only see a few feet beyond me on either side} gallery or fissure in a dark, purplish, granite rook. I consulted niy compass, and saw that from the spot where I stood the cave ran. north-west and south-east, but that told me nothing. ; . At a venture I took the former course. But ere I had gone many yards I per ceived a new and undreamt of peril. The gallery branched off nearly at right angles into .two. arms; and, as I still proceeded, I found that the whole inte rior of the mountain was a network oi subterranean chambers and * corridors, leading from and to. one another, like the meshes in, but without the regularity of, a spider's web: This, ihen/acopunted for the robbers not having followed me. They, knew that to have ventured into the intricacies of this network of caverns waste bo lost, andl— iwhy, then, and I — I was lost. As the truth flashed across my brain, I almost staggered with terror. :I was. ipBt, buried alive in ,the .heart of this labyrinth. I hurried on in the dark/: recklessly 3and at random, sometimes striking a^mateh to see if I oould identify , a path : by which I had. come. . No ; the same' grim and gloomy rock;on either Tmnfl uie same unending darkness 4)6* fore and behind me. ,, . . : ; '0h,but;«ijs is too -terrible; and I felt my heart knock at my^ribs, and the cold perspiration start. from every pore as I contemplated the future, To linger in this dismal prison-house, to wander through these ttidleM cells', for per chance two or three days, and then, when nature oan 'bear no further, .to Us down on the stony floor, and -wait for. the end. Would it not be better to finish, it at Onob thsn endure this living death, this torture bl suspense f No; We was still sweet, and there wai at least the chanoe -of esoipe' from this awful doom. But no time nmst bo lost, IJOce the accursed Hebrew, Imnatgoon, on, on; no rost, no pause. Hourafterwearyhourlprewed forward, taking a SDatob of food as I wandered. Hour after weary hour in the darknow, f or I bad expended my last match, end still no sign of deliver ance. Was it day or night? I knew not. Was the sun shining brightly, over head outside, while I hero P Oh, horrible! And in a day or two would my mates be expecting me, looking anxiously for the one who would never, never, never come —who would be lying, (triokon to death perhaps, in this dreadful place. The thought was madness, and I felt my brain reel under it. Still I went on. I screamed, I shouted, I sang, I prayed, I blasphemed by turns, yet kept ever on, walking, and frequently stumbling and falling, in my short snatohes of sleep, but I seemed no nearer to the end of this interminable mace. A faint, dreamy land of feeling of progression came over me. I felt no hunger^ no thirst; I experienced no foar, no anxiety, no fatigue. ' In the darknoss I saw visions of houses, castles, green fields, wide forests, noble rivers ; and yet through all was the never-ceasing feeling that I must go on. Was I then going mad, or was this indeed madness P Waking, as from a deep sloop, I looked round me ; for a time unconcernedly, as if it wore too much trouble oven to think. Then I began to muse wonderingl; .on what I saw. A niooly furnished iroom, with a olock ticking cheerily ou the mantel-shelf, and a row of medicine bottles on each side of it. A bod, with hangings of mosquito not, and myself lying in it, and disinolinod to move. Who, then, was ill P Was it I P It must be so, and if so, what was tho matter with met Let mo try to think. No, I give it up; I cannot remombor. Three days later dear old Georjro Mosely is 'seated by my bedside. He has told me all he knows. I was in the Bridge Hotel, Cromwell, where I bad been for over a week, and Jack Marsh had taken all sorts of care of me. It had been a noar squeak, though. A party of diggers prospecting on the Lower Gard rowa, near Mount Alpha, had come across me mad with brain fever, but still making onward, shouting and singing as I went. How I had got there they oould not imagine, for I appeared to havo come from the direction of tho ranges, whoro there was neither traok, nor, as they said, the possibility of finding ono. They had taken mo to their oamp, and had kindly enough, and at no little trouble and expense, brought me down to Crom well for medioal attendants. I had bsen talking the most outrageous nonsense ever was hoard about oaves, and murders, aud bushrangers, and— but there, what wai the use of talking— it was all happily over now, and in a day or so I should be able to bo up. When I grew stronger, and as the dread incidents I have related, became more and more dearly imprinted on my memory, I called George and tho doctor together, and, as oonneotedly as I oould, told them my story. They humourod me by pretending to beliovo it, but I oould see that they put it down as the mere siok faucios of a fevered brain. I was still too weak to argue, so I let them have their way, determining someday to conviooo them. But I never have. I have sought in vain for the gorge and oavo (for my mates have oven bumourod me so far as to go with mo in search), and sometimes am inolinod to bolievo with them that it is a fovorod dream. Still it is singular that tho parky lower down tho river should hnvo suddonly disappeared whon it was rumoured that I had been found, and that Stuttering Harry and Patsy Carroll wore never again heard of in those parts. That is my story, and that is how I am grey, nay, white, at forty. 