) THE P HAN T.0.1MMMI N E 7 fA Ktonj of the old gold digging dtig-i.) r " Tuuii you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale old J gentleman of 70 years. " Well, I will relate a peculiar V affair that happened on Tallmans Gully, in 1859." \ We were all attention, and listened to the very remark - ( able nai'rative he related in tue following manner : / " Yon must know," commenced my uncle, "that I and S four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the < river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ) we were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday'.s f work, yon may be sure we were fired enough ; but we were J every night disturbed in our rest, by the clink, clink, clink \ of a pick, about fifty yai'ds from our canvas home. This r confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did J not cease until the break of day. One night we were \ determined to sec who it was ; so we s<allied forth in the / bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel ) shirt, high boots, and slouclied hat, hard at work by an V old claim which had been deserted for many years, I was r chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger ; f but when I was within twenty yards of bim, I stood still, \ transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's r clothes was no lining imii, hut a xlteleion ) " Uncle Ned I " we all cried, " how fearful." \ " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- f to-do looking niau, of about fifty years of age, who V enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing .about. (. He told us th.at iu '51 he and a mate of his deserted from / one of Her M.ajesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans gold-fields. They worked with pretty good luck for .a few C months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to / see about some letters. Before he went, he said to bis f mate, 'Bob, wh.atever you do, never stop working the C claim for a day until I come back.' Bob promised, and / they parted. ' I went down to Melbourne, said the ex- \ digger, 'and there was arrested as a deserter, and sent ou C board; and now that I have obtained my discbarge, I / have hastened up here to find mj' old chum.' ' You will \ see him to-night,' I said ; ' but you'll find bim very much ( changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the / phantom's pick was beard, and we all turned out. ' Ah I ' \ cried the sailor, 'there's dear old Bob. ' Bob, here I .am ! ( back. Bob, speak to me.' He ran to the figure, which / turned its hideous face on him. With a loud shriek the seeker fell senseless oh the ground. The ghost threw down its r pick, and vanished. In the morning we discovered the ) poor sailor a raving lunatic." ) " Oh, uncle Ned, what a fearful story." r "Well, you asked me to tell you a stonj, and I have ) done so;" ) " Then, it is not true ?" .".'Well, said our uncle, laughing, " it is as truejas many ) of thS abriircl yarns that got about during the raging of \ the gold fever. Ah, thoto were strange d.ays, when men would undergo any amount of priv.ation for a few ounces ) of gold.. How difereut it is now; for should a man be \ pushed for a Large or small amount all that he has to do is to have . an interview with ) DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street east, \ Who has, from £5 to £ 10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with, or without security), salary orders, life ) policies, certiticates, deeds, hill of lading, legacies, goods, \ merchandise, on expected-remitt.ances, or on moneys per- ' sons Tn.ay be entitled to from Bngl.and and elsewhere, etc., 1 repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. V Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and - r mortgages from 6 per cent. 