ENGLISH AND FOREIGN. London, May 24. The cost of the Indian expeditionary force to Malta is £748,000. Mr. Talbot, a High Churchman and Con servative, has been elected a member of Par liament for Oxford University by a majority oi 1600 votes, vice Mr. Gathorae Hardy, now Viscount Cranbrook. The German Government hasjntrodncod a bill to suppress tbe Socialists. The Imperial Government announces its in tention to take strong measures to deal with the obstructive Irish members of Parliament, and also for silencing any member who per sists in speaking after being called to order. The debate in Parliament in reference to tbe despatch of Indian native troopB to Malta resulted in a majority for tbe Government in tbe House of Commons exceeding all antici pations. The cost of the despatch of the troops was nearly £100 per man. The extra expenditure for the army and navy, including the Cape and colonial de fences, is nearly £260,000 monthly. The celebrated Bigot will case has resulted in a verdict for Mrs, Bagot. The Master of the Rolls has decided that Mrs. fiesant is not a fit person to have the custody of her daughter, on the ground that she advocates atheistic and immoral doc trines. At the dinner in aid of the Newspaper Press Fund, the chairman, the Marquis of Salisbury, alluded to his own journalistic experiences as an old writer of the Stawlard and Saturday Review. Lord Napier, of Mag dala, made the speech of the evening, in which he referred pleasantly to the relations of Comranndore-iu-Chiof and Proas correspon dents. The Marquis of Salisbury, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, declined to receive a deputation to present a petition against the declaration of war. 250,001) signatures were attached to the petition. Tbe Marquis stated inai ii wouia De inconvenient to discuss tho question in the present state of affairs. The Tiines says that the policy of the Go vernmont in empluying the Indian troops in any war undertaken for tbe defence of tho Empire, may hbreaftor be discussed with ad vantage, but cannot believejthat it will ever be seriously disputed. An address.approving of his views on the Eastern question, has been presented to tbe Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, M.P., by 1000 Scotch (ministers. It specially dealt with a leading article in the Time* pleading that the action of the Governmeut was justified by the urgency of the situation. Crowded Oct. — Owing to a pressure of telegraphic news and advertisements, we are reluctantly compelled to leave over the ac count of the Grammar School examination, the letter of 'Geo. D. Russell' 'A. B.' and *'D Munro,' and a number of local and other paragraphs. They will appear in our next issue. Vomjntbers. — Class-firing in the tliird period will be resumed at the butts this after noon. UWCLAIHKD Letters.— A list of unclaimed letters is published as a supplement to the Oovernment Gazette of Saturday last, and can be seen in our Free Reading Room. Mb. Asous Mackay. — A requisition is in oourse of signature requesting Mr. Angus Mackay to allow himself to be placed in nomination for South Brisbane at the next general election. — Telegraph. The Cokdamine P. H.— In the Assembly on Wednesday, the Premier proposed to omit the vote of £800 for this officer, on the understanding that the present occupant of the office should be appointed to the first snitable vacancy. The question that the item be omitted was put and passed. Constable Kinq.— In the Assembly, on Wednesday last, Mr. Perkins brought for ward some very grave charges against the constables King, and read a memo charg ing the Kings with some of the worst offences policemen or any other men could be guilty of, and this memo. Mr. Perkins endorsed as correct. The Premier stated he was not aware of the circumstances referred to, but he should make enquiries. We understand that constable King, of the Police, was re moved to Miles, on the Dalby railway line, yesterday. Dastardly Conduct. — On Wednesday night, a trough, 27ft long and 3ft diameter, placed on supports 6ft high, which Mr. Bearkley, Welcome Home Hotel, Five-Mile Camp, Highfields Road, had erected several months ago to hold water in his stockyard was thrown down, and a fire kindled under it with the apparent intention of destroying it. Nor was this all— the miscreants opened the calf-pen and all the slip rails of the Hotel paddock, thereby giving free outlet to all the cattle and horses enclosed for the night. Where they had Ut tbe fire with the view of destroying the trough was within twenty yards of the barn containing oom, ohaff, and several loads of hay. Had there beenany wind to carry flamesorsparks towards it, the whole would have gone, as the continued dry weather has made everything like tinder. Is it A Hoax or not !— What wonder will next startle society? Hardly has one extra ordinary invention become known before it is superseded by a still more mysterious one. To commence with : There is the telephone, but scarcely had it become familiar before the phonograph is announced as quite oat-doing it in tbe matter of novelty and utility. It was thought that this ingenious and almost human instrument would surely close the sen-' sational inventions of the nineteenth century. It is, however, not the case, the latest thing in electrio wonders being the tele-gastrograph. This invention, whatever may be its good qualities, can certainly lay claim to a very imposing name. First, there is the telephone to apeak and sing through, distanoe no object; next, the phonograph, in which apeeohes, sermons, ftc, may he bottled up and rede livered in the author's own voioe fifty years after its original delivery. With this instru ment every land and nation may beoome ac quainted with the voices of all the illustrious speakers of the age. If the phonograph can only be made small and cheap, it will be sure to revolutionise the present system of oerres pondenoe, especially among lovers, for by its aid the sweet voioe of the charmer will be ever near. Next oomes the tele-gastrograph, by whose aid, the .Melbourne Age informs un the flavor of any dish can be transmitted to friends who are not near enough to person ally be with the oompany. Smoking oan be indulged in without expeotoration or any ill effects, or, aa the inventor states,' after smoking through this'tele-gistrograph, 'you may kiss your sweetheart without her ever knowing it I' Ii this'stato of thintp oontbue, eating-houses will be at a discount] for, in fact, a meal which now only serves one, will, by tiis belp of this invention, amply satisfy a regiment of hungry Butiwu-ai fat « English Mail.- The outgoing mail closes, for ordinary letters, at 10.6 a.m., this day (Saturday). National Association. — A notice of the preparations for next exhibition is unavoid ably held over. Band of Hope.— The quarterly meeting of tbe Band of Hope in connection with the Congregational Church will be held at the ohuroh, Margaret-street, on Monday evening next, at 7 o'clock. Travelling Siiebp Bill. — We are glad to see that, in answer to Mr. Groom, the Minister for Lands stated tbat the Govern ment intended to introduce a bill this session to regulate travelling sheep. The Toowoomda Gas Bill. — This bill passed through Committee of the Whole, in the Assembly, ou Thursday, with some amendments. Tho third reading was 6xed for Tuesday next. OfUKQK Societt.— The members of the Orange Society in Toowoomua commemorated the 12th of July by a tea, a meeting, and a dance yesterday evening in the Masonic Hall. Tbe Balonhe ? On Wednesday, in the Assembly, Mr. J. Low drew attention to the low salaries received by the P.M.'s of Goon diwindi and Surat, and the C.P.S. of St. George. Mr. Low also stated that there wns insufficient police protection in the district he represented. Mount Siblev Races. — There was a meet ing hold at the Mount Sibley Inn, the 6th in stant, to consider the advisability of holding races on Boxing Day. Mr. A. Smith was proposed as chairman. It was decided that subscription lists should be made out to col lect funds for the Christmas races. Several gentlemen were proposed as officers, but, not being present, it was proposed they should be requested personally to act. The list was opened, and among the few that were at the meeting, there was £3 7s Gd collected. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the business. Tub Bellrikoers. — Those favorites of the public— the Lynch troupe — as announced in our advertising columns, are coming again to favor us with their pleasing entertainment. It is not long since tney appeared in our town, when they were warmly weloomed and highly appreciated. We trust another warm welcome awaits them on Monday and Tues day next, when tbey will appear in tbe School of Arte in their celebrated bell-ringing enter tainment. Those who visited them before need not be afraid of witnessing tbe same pro gramme, as there will be an entire change. Some, however, will scarcely look upon this altogether as an improvement, and would prefer to bear some of the favorite airs re produced. The faros of the ' Ghost in a Pawnshop'— which we have no doubt will be side splitting enough— will conclude the entertainment. We hope to see a full house. 'AUHTRALASIAlf SkITCUIR.' — The July number just to hand of this illustrated periodical is more than usually interesting, from tbe fact that various eoenes are depicted in couneotion with the great disaster of the month— the wreck of the Lnoh Ard. The frontispiece is a representation of ' Maories cooking at a Boiling Spring,' and is well drawn. One page is devoted to the leading events of the mouth in Melbourne, with a portrait of Mr J. L. Hall, the comedian. Portraits are also given of the Hon. J. S. Farnell, Premier of New South Wales ; the late Mr John Howard Clark, of the South Australian Reguilerj and SirThemas Elder, of South Australian celebrity. The interest, to a great extent, however, in the present number, centres in the two-page engravings of the 'Wreck of the Loch Ard,' and portraits of the two survivors of that deplor able disaster— Miss Eva Carmichael and Mr Thomas Pearce. There are other illustra tions ; and, on the whole, the July number ought to meet with a good sale. It will be found a suitable number for sending home. The Shekker can be seen in our free Reading Boom. Mistress v. Servant.— How often one hears stories of the wrong-doings of servant girls. Almost weekly some yarn, coined, or perhaps original, crops up. Strange, very strange, none ever turn upaboutthe mistress ; and yet soaroely one individual living, but knows of some sweet-tempered woman whom a Idozen angels concentratedtinto one could not please in the performance of her domestic duties. Only the other week a lady acquain tance was lauding tho excellent qualities of her maid : ' What a charmer she was I So attentive to the children 1 Such a queen in the kitchen 1' &c.; But, alas 1 for humanity ; unfortunately tho 'Charm' and the 'Queen' resolved to leave because the work was too hard. She was engaged to be 'useful,' which turned out to mean washerwoman, laundress, nurse, cook, fcc. No sooner had the intimation of leaving been given them the character of that girl receded to the lowest depths of unworthiness. The 'charm' be came vile ; tho 'queen' rapidly transformed toanuisance. Aladyappliedtothemistressfor tbe girls character, and received the following reply; ' I would not recommend Julia to my bitterest enemy.' Is it possible within a week snch a difference could take place to trans form an admitted by good girl into such a bad onef From close observation we begin to think if some of the servant-girl stories were tried on their mistresses, they might pos sibly fit better. The old adage is still worth attention, which says 'Good masters, make good servants.' The Weather.— Since our last a change has occurred in the state of the weather. Throughout the Downs and to the west rain has fallen in various places, or appearances denote it will soon fall. Yesterday morning a shower fell in and around Toowoomba, and throughout the day a slight rain fell. As we write the sky is cloudy, and we hope wo will be visited by some heavy showers, espe oially as both from the north and south rain is reported to have fallen. At Emu Creek, on Wednesday, our correspondent reports the weather as being dry. The nights were getting warmer, and on Tuesday it was more like summer than anything else. It rained on the preceding Friday, but the farmers did not get so much as was anticipated. What little came was weloome to the orops, and would do some good to them. The following is the state of the weather for the twenty four hours finding yesterday morning at 9 o'clock : Toowoomba— W., druasUng, rainfall 0.36 ; Fassifern— calm, cloudy, rainfall 0.23 ; Dalby -calm, dull, rainfall 1.60 j Roma cloudy, like rain, rain daring .nights f«m vale— calm, raining since 1a.m. j Esk— N.V7., light, raining; Warwick— B.W., cloudy, rainfall 0.8»i Goondiwtodi-«.W., raining, niafaUfcMi tfiwtnV t*lnfajlO.l& 