THEATRE ROYAL. Last night, Mr. Herbert Flemming took a benefit" at this place of amusement, and his efforts in the long season during which the Scott-Siddons dramatic company have been with us were rewarded by a crowded house. The play selected was Shakespeare's tragedy of Hamlet, and this alone would have been sufficient to attract were there no other reason. The strength of the company enabled them to provide a very able caste, and curiosity would naturally be felt at the appearance of so talented an actress as Mrs. Scott-Siddons in a character so well-known as " Ophelia." Benefit nights are, however, not very exorbitant in the demands they make upon the critic. They are a kind of holiday for audience and actors, in which both are supposed to meet with a more than ordinary cordiality of desire to please and be pleased. The audience is usually composed of friends of him who has appealed to the suffrages of the public ; and the actor usually personates " for one night only a character with which his name is associated, or, in the case of a young actor, some part which is of a more exacting kind than those enacted during the ordinary season. The benefit night may indeed be considered as the peroration to a speech, the 1 grand finale which stamps the whole with successor comparative failure. With such a view, we considered , Mr Flemming's choice a bold one; but his success last night was his justification for the applause which greeted his performance, and the warm recalls after very act were evidences, not merely of the many friends he has made in Hobart Town, who, were gathered around him, but of the approbation which his acting had elicited. Mr Flemming's "Hamlet" was a calm, temperate, and judicious rendering, and evidenced careful study. We cannot criticise it in detail even were we inclined to, but many instance the scenes with Ophelia" and with his mother as the best parts of a performance that was, throughout, extremely creditable to so young an actor. He looked the character to perfection, and though his voice was, in some instances, overburdened there was none of the most objectionable of all faults rant. We trust to see the character again ere we lose the company. Mrs. Scott-Siddons I "Ophelia" was very charming. The scene in which in her frenzy she strewed her father's grave with flowers, while she sings quaint snatches of melody, was exquisitely rendered. Mr. Lawrence doubled the "King, and Ghost," and played both well. Miss Deorwyn's Gertrude was queenly and womanly. All the company's bore their arduous tasks with credit, and the piece was placed upon the stage in a very admirable manner, great attention being paid to detail, and reflecting great credit on Mr. Lawrence's stage management. All the latest introductions which have marked the revivals at home in recent years are made use of, and help to bear out the play. To-night the Misses Deorwyn take a benefit, and we anticipate another crowded house, --'-.:' 