NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:-I.O.R. Excelsior Tent, tea meeting, Grenville street; National Show, Geelong; meeting of Town Council; meeting of Sebastopol Council; meeting of Riponshire Council; shooting match, Rifle Butts; meeting of , No. 2 branch. Hiber nian Society, 8 p.m, ' ." ■ The National Show was opened at Geelong on Wed nesday, and will be continued to-day and to-morrow. The Chief Secretary was entertained at dinner in the yards, but refrained from making any political allu lions. A summary of the leading prizes will be found in another column,'bat at a late hour yesterday after* noon: some of the judging was not finished, or, : if finished, the results could not be found out, owing to a want of proper arrangements, it being'* stated 'that in some instances several entries had not been adju dicated upon. ,V A,statement'was made recently ;that the payment of the prospecting vote had been withheld from-the Try Again and Ararat Q. M. Companies, owing to the district haying, an Opposition member-. It is now explained that the Secretary for Mines has withheld the money, as the conditions for which it was granted are not being carried out. " One garden robber-was caught red-handed bn'Wed nesday morning by a member of the Garden Protec tion Society. The deniliquent was a little boy, and his captor,' who was on his way to business, observedt him plucking flowers in a garden where ha had no right to be. The boy when seized explained, with sobs of fright, that the house was empty, and that ho had known the latest occupants of it very well. This made the offence assume a rather milder appearance, but the garden protector discreetly did not let the ' ‘ trespasser off edathless. After lecturing him a little, he took the boy to the school ho was attending and delivered him over to the master, who promised to admonish him*’seriously.- The boy was lucky to get off so lightly,’ and it is to. be- hoped that the prompt punishment that followed his offence will prevent others committing similar trespasses and thefts. : - Some time: ago a couple of- Ballarat gentleman were treated in a very insulting maimer by the clerk of petty sessions at Hamilton, and the matter was, of course, complained of. A fow days afterwards a para graph, appeared in a certain journal, stating that the ’ circumstances of the caae had b’den'enquired into; and that the official had made a satisfactory explanation of ■' his conduct. Whether this be true or not, we cannot say, but if the explanation was satisfactory it is diffi cult to understand why the official ’blamed should have had to apologise to the gentlemen who consider themselves to have been insulted/ Mr H. Herbert, one of these gentlemen; informs us that on Wednesday ha received a most complete apology, and that he is "now'satisfied to'let the matter rest. - ‘ The Geelong Advertiser understands that Mr John Permewan, ot Ballarat, intends offering himself as a candidate for parliamentary honors at the next general election, for the representaiton of Ararat. A number of silver cups, • special prizes to be awarded at diffarent agricultural shows, are now on view at i Mr. Plegeltaub’s establishment, Sturt street. For the Hardie’s Hill Show oh the 21st November there are four, and all are the gift of Mr A. Taylor Pairlie Farm,. Grenville. A very hahdionre cup has also been given by Mr Pitcher for award the Smeaton Show, and with other prize cups may be seen at Mr Flegeltaub’s-’ 'V-f: t A meeting of the Charity Sunday. Committee was held on Wednesday afternoon at - the City.hall. Mr W.'Proctor occupied the’ chair, and there were also present the Revs. R. T."Cummins, J. Orchard J. Barningham, W. Henderson, and Mr Wbykei *Qor respondenca.—From Ihe B.'d. Meroer,- W/Hnnt and I- W- Goldreioh, and Mr J. W. Gray, apologising for-their -unavoidable -absence. Other letters of a routine character' were -dealt with. 'Chairman's report stated that it had' been resolved to hold the Charity Sunday on the 27th inst., and that circulars calling upon all clergymen, members of municipal bodies, Ac.,.to assist in the movement had been sent out—Adopted.' Secretary’s report recommended that : 0 .charity' collection;be made among the Chinee in the district; that collecting cards' be sent to all State ■ohoela and. Sunday-eohoola;'j.that ;oaoh:.institution •“PPlj;-otatisUcal Information :to ; 'the . clergy; that the crorjy pulpit on the Sunday before Ciharity Bnnday; jnajftat a (aw posters be placed at the|Mr were adopted, awfcihe cortataßteet’thea adjourned. Our Bendigo Mehangesl to Hand last t- veniDg *t^\nr' iiiir HlFhe lattfr eigmd 41 Henrietta Sullifap ” can only aUr:»clverfciseineiitJ fgSome ago'-many applicants for.employment in 4|ip Education DepkrfimeatjcotDplainodtf'haring to pay £atf-a-guinea or'-pdfor alSekltix partilhsate from a doctor appointeddto examine them, wteST’tneir family physi cians—Drs and Nicholson—could give them ■tbe-roquiiiteoartifloate r -without,.in..caaes.oLp.py.aEi;y, charging howeyer, both Dr Hudson and Or Nicholson wereapbointedmedical examiheipunder the.act, .’ao.that haa baea jbmoWd.' : An official inspection of.thelatß.y.R, was made at the- Orderly- rooms on-Wednesday, evening., by ’Anderson ::.and : Colonel, Bede. There waS'' ; aii J excellent 1 Attendance; aboht 'l2O rank »nd;filamu«tering.; ( TOe result of the inspection; was satisfactory, .the men appearingtobeweUapmbatta lion drill, and- their- arms and 'accoutrements being in excellent brderr.:,Thb,',ColoDel-Commandaht -made a verbal examination of the officers in the new extended order drill for' skirmishing; bat they ..have: not; yet masterad : ,li .thoroughly. r The'Coloael-Gommandant stated.that he.'wisbed.tb instruct the men in this new drill, and about seventy-intimated their- willingness to turn' outnn'Friday'morning s at ; 6;3o r for this :purpose. AUrtini-Hehrys -and-blank cartridges will : be used. After the insptetion/: the: Colonel-Commandant-pre tended three prizes won'by members of the Bide Club during the .twelve:months ending Hay last, 'consisting of a.gold chain and’, locket to .Sergeant Illingworth, won in the opening match at Williamatown; a double batrelled gun, the Brophy/'trophy/to Private Hunt; and’ a. gold chain;; the Hepburn . trophy, to' Sergeant Dubberlin. During - they evening otdne-thro wing on tae.rbqf of the orderly-room was indulged inby some outsiders, and.wabppe that the, police,will : take steps toprevent the recurrence of thus disgraceful conduct. The burgesses of East, are requested by the mayor to observe Friday afternoon as a 'holiday, in the -nsit of the Chief Secretary to lay the fo’bnditioh-atono' of'. the new hall' of the ! Free Library. -The. fortnightly meeting of the Exhibition/com mittee was ’ held bn Wednesday ; evening - at: the Mechanics’ Institute, There were present—Messrs CaselU' (chairman), J, Bobinson, ; Preahaw, . White head; Proctor. Evana, Serjeant, Keast, 'Main, , and Richardson (corresponding secretary), . Applications for certificates as to character' ’and ability' wore' received-’; from- a number of- late employees at the Exhibition, and; were - granted. -The chairman: reported that the' ball given by the committee fto vtbV singers, Ac., at .the -Exhibition.concerts, bad.been a successful one, and . gave details which have already been: published - in the Star. ’The corresponding secretary reported, that .with-, Mr ’• Bannister he had visited Geelong and Melbourne, and. that almost all the prana’ : ii»rjfifieatM;']iM[\beeh distributed. There ,now femain only'3s medals, 11 special prizes, and. 250 certificates,‘.to be distributed; among, prize-' takers..residing.in. country districts,' -' A' resolution was carried that a balance-sheet should be prepared, and audited; -and be -brought up at a. .meeting a' fort night hence; -until; which- date the committee ad journed;.""/./-'■./ ; ■' .■■■ - : ■ i • _The.quarterly meeting of-the Ballarat branch of the Australian Natives’ Association was, held bn Wednes day, evening at Craig's', hotel, .'■ Thera /was', a /good, attendance. Mr Av Muggridge was' elected a benefit member,’and'four nominations for membership were made.- A letter from the Sandhurst branch, notifying theirintention to endeavor,to have tberules amended sb as.to admit persons arriving in the colonies up to the age of ten -years, was considered, and after some discussion it'was'resolved to oppose any such-amendment; it’ being considered that the association should consist of /natives only. A warm discussion took place on the “Abuses of tobacco,” and on a vote being taken/ the non-smokers had the majority.. . f " Afa meeting of the committee of the Miners l Turf Club, held at the Cl nb hotel on Wednesday evening, good progress was- reported as far as financial matters were concerned.- ; It was resolved* to sell .the gates cards, and two'publicans’ booths on Saturday, 12th October, at the yards of Messrs O’Parrell and Son. '' About four weeks ago Joshua Peart, a miner, whose kneecap was injured by an accident at the Little Golden Horn, claim, was admitted to the Hospital for treatment. At the time if was feared that the leg would have to be amputated, but the resident surgeon, anxious to save it, did what he could to heal the patient without having recourse to the knife. A day or two ago. however, the injury assumed such a serious aspect that the limb had to be amputated, and Peart is now progressing favorably. A Chinese at the camp here h«« recently become insane under a : most peculiar hallucination. This man, Ah Hing by, name, had for twenty years, carried qn c business at,, the camp as a pawnbroker, in con junction with a leprous cousin. At Hoe, who recently succumbed to the terrible disease that bad saizedium. At Hing : during :his_ cousin’s lifetime cared' -for him most tenderly, and the death of Ah "Hob/' without doubt, unseatedhis reason. Since the event he believed that everything in his hut became the resting place of an evil spirit, and that .the ghost of the leper Ah Hoe visited him constantly, and urged him to distribute all his goods to his neighbors lest he should be chased intothe place of perdition. He obeyed tbe fancied command so well that he has rid himself of a decent sum iu cash and a large quantity of miscellaneous merchandise. Constable Thompson arrested him as a lunatic just as he had placed a clock m; the roadto'be picked up by anyone. f-Dra Radcliffe and Bailee certified to his’insanity, and :-the unfortunate creature, being brought before Messrs Leggo and Lewis, J’s.P., at the City Court on Wed nesday, was ;committed: to , the,- Ararat Lunatic Asylum. Two spirited young fellows have just left Ballarat to push their fortunes ; iu Adelaide, their departure being a very quiet one. Fairly educated, but with neither trade nor profession to follow, they were, while here, only swelling 'the ranks of hundreds of young men, who are glad to take any“gentsel” employment,-namatter how poorly:paid'it maybe. In South Australia, however, they will have more chance to rise, and the pluck which determined them to leave will:help:them to.succeas.. .. The alterations made by Mr H. Hunt to the order of the Australian and European Bank in the Bruns wick hotel, where a' branch of the- bank is to be located, are so nearly completed that in three weeks the bank can take possession. A large strong'room has been built, and the building has been thuch strengthened and improved. In a weak or so it will bo handed over to the carpenters, painters, and up holsterers. A filthy and act was perpetrated at Rose Hill on Tuesday by a Chinese,' who'emptied nightsoil into the waterhols used by a neighbor, also a Chinese. A warrant for the arrest ofthe offender has been taken put, but not yet served. It is stated that he was seen carrying a bucket towards the waterhole in question, and then throwing something into the water, and as the neighbors are not good friends the evidence Is pretty conclusive. Meanwhile the waterhole has been emptied and is. getting a thorough cleaning, . A committee meeting of the Early Closing Asso ciation was held last night at the Buck’s Head hotel. Office-bearers for the ensuing year were elected, and the usual.routine business gone through. ' The second lecture on “The air we breathe”'was delivered by Mr J. .Finds at the Mechanics’ Institute, on Wednesday night, ; The attendance was not as large as it might have been, people generally, seeming to prefer breathing "the air outside to that in the Mechanica’-ball, attractive ; as Mr Plude’s lecture, un doubtedly .Mr J. Oddie occupied tbe choir. As ou the occasion of the'firat' lecture, Mr Flude illus trated his discourse _ by several beautiful experiments, and, to uao a rather, hackneyed phrase, the members of the audience ware both interested and instructed. At the close of the entertainment the usual votes of thanks were passed. At the monthly meeting of the committee of the Scarsdale Relief Fund on the 27th ult.—present, Messrs M'Kanzie (chair), Bird, M.L.A, and Kean— the following donations were announced as having been ,received daring the' month:—'Hon. Philip Bussell, £3; Hon. John Camming, £3'3a;,Court Good Intent, AO.P., £1 Is; and grants were made to appli cants amounting to £9 9a 6d.' ’ Wq have received the report of the .Smeaton, See., Agricultural Association for. the year ending June, 1878, ' " •' ■ . .The monthly.meeting of the Ballarat Horticultural Society was held id the Mechanics’; Institute bn Wed: neaday night; Mr'.Andrew Anderson in. the , chair. Present—Messrs Longley, Kenny/ Campbell, Herbert, Nicholls, Laidlaw, Cook, Reid, Ross, Rattray, Hogan, Bennie, Martin, Taylor.- -Several accounts were passsd for payment, after wHIcK judges and stewards were appointed for the Bulb Show/to be held in the Alfred-hall on Friday, the 18th of the.present .month. Extra efforts will be used to make the show attractive and successful, and to effect this-it is trusted that nurserymen and amateurs will contribute as largely in Stock plants as Exhibits:—By Mr Geo. Smith —Camellias,.: .Teutonia, Alba .Plena, Isabella, La Superba, Mzrinda, La Beine; magnolias, Conspicua; ’Pdrpnrea, Solangiana; spirosa grandiflpra; blitea Tank ravillea, proteaaurea; rhododendrons, Madame Wagner, Princpr Camille ~de BohanT-highly. commended. By Messrs Thomas Lang and Go., collection of fifty early tulips, • single and double—a fine collection; collec tion ef eighteen double anemones—commended; col lection of flowering: shrubs, spiroea grandiflora, boroni»i ' :.raegaBtigma, ; magnolia, superba and nor bertiana, erica arbbrea,, ' rhedotieudron' Yolcanb, tree poeonia papavoracea—a very nice lot. By Mr W. Rattray, New Cemetery, ten varieties early tulips. Duo van good.: - By Mr ;H. C.‘ Herbert— Twenty varieties camellias. Alba Plena Ti m * n ;.o „ F t Mt ’ ~°- UnteM o£ Ellesmere, Chandlen EUgane Countess Hunaalt, Esmeralda, i! Hirer, Berne de Beauties, Reine da Fleurs, Reubens Fwi T R° n> i P j e i d n ?*iege, Q ueen Victoria, Henri nf ®l col . d ® la B*ine, Tricolor Imbricate! Plena Blanda, Mana Morren, Dido; three varieties inoncu! lus (turban) three varieties hyacinth, daphne indica piano, daphne hybrids, magnolia conspicua, six Fi» U ff B »T* r 6C ar a P I , IC * tA - a good collect ion but badly staged. By Mr Ales. Taylor, camellia bloom, Valt£ varedo—the best bloom in the room. By Mr J»a Brewster-Rhododendrons, Volcano and Prfnw “AVh l^ da^o^ a S~^ O Cano -' Bx^^'8ood ): camellia =,4^f^! leno -g d yoMbgM; magnolia conspicua, spirea grabdiflora, ; double flowering plum. Forsythia vivi •-cqromUa :glauca,_ erica -pera'oluta," epacri fommSd. b ° t 0 ***** ~ &Uy; ; The window-o£ Lang-and Co.’s establishment • Bndga-street, now presents a splendid array of mav’ -mflcent tulipß. flaming in all the colors of the rainbow jand with cum shapely,enough to excite even a Min! ■ loving Dutchinan ■ admiration. . j ■ ‘ ; Peter Robertsorr was lodged in the Eastern lock-up on:Wednesday, night, charged with throwing stones at and assaulting a neighbor named John Mackay " and braaking_a couple of panes of glass in Maokav’a ; house., vHe will be brought up at the Town Court : this morning.,; Robertson was. the Enoch Arden of a . bigamy case tned in Ballarat about a year ago, . twj undetetand that tlto Government have i decided to release. Gerald EL Supple, who in 1870 was r convicted of the murder of Walshe, killed by Sunnla 'in his.attempt, to shoot the late Mr Q, p. Smith. The sendee wm commuted to imprisonment for life, and D r -t^fj- aak - e Jl, bt yeara Supple has been confined in i Pentnage. - Th© reasons wbich have -induced tha Government to take this step are, that the crime was b y Supple, whilst under the influence of hallucination, that - the subject of . his hallucination oaa emce-died,.'that Supple has now recovered his reason, and thatfurther confinement will be fatal to his .health. Ho is now almost Wind, reading is for bidden.him by the, doctor, and he is unable to work. The .correspondence regarding- the state of the staanwiloop Victoria, when she was handed overby the officers of the marine survey, is still in progress. The' terms of the proposed contract with the Eastern Extension Company were laid before the Par liaments of Victoria and of New South Wales simul taneously on Tuesday. If no objection is taken the contract will be entered into without further delay. Twenty-three members of the Legislative Assembly exclusive, of the Speaker and the Chairman of Com! mittees, absented themselves from the division on Mr Williams’’ amendment on the eighth clause of the Constitution ; Act Amendment Bill. The following were the absent: members:—Messrs Bosisto, Bowman* E. H. Cameron, Francis, Qaunson, Gillies, Ince Ker! ferd,: Kernot, King, Longmore, Lyell, Mason, Moore* Orr, Purves, Sergeant, A. K. Smith, L. L. Smith R.’ M; Smith, Wright, and Zox, and Sir John O’Shanassy Messrs Francis and King were prevented through ill! ness from being present. . Sir John O’Sbanassy and Mr Gauriabn left the House, immediately before the division took place. Mr Bent and Mr Gaunson (says the Argue) havs fairly established their claim to be considered a power in the State. The Government were anxious to pro ceed with the Reform Bill after Mr Williams’ amend, nient had been ’disposed of. on Tuesday night, but Mr in turnalsojxpressed ah unwillingness to see business transacted at^alafeHour and in a thin House, and as Mr Dow. had alluded to snobs in connection with hioiaelf.he undertook—as a subject more congenial to the time—to define for Mr Dow’s instruction the difference between a snob and * cad. This WM -enough; ■ The Chief Secretary aur rendered, and consented to progress being reported' andthe flouae, at half-past 11, adjourned until to-day! • In the Education Department we (Herald) learn that the staff, has been paid, but that the school teachers have'been informed that their salaries cannot ba paid until another supply bill has been passed. . Our advertising columns this morning announce that by special desire Mr Lusoombe Searell bas de cided to form a singing-class, to be held at the Academy, Full particulars respecting same maybe obtained at the music'warehouaes. We are requested to state that in consequence of the Academy of Music being engaged by the Duvalli Sisters for a few nights, the tenth promenade concert will not take place until tha 14th inst. ' Wednesday’s M. and T>. Advertiser says:—" Up to thepresent time -not rone of the .prisoners who escaped from.the .road gang on .Saturday last have beep , secured. Mounted -constables Coffey and Comyns, sis well as warders Sullivan and Parr, have all returned to Maryborough, and the probabilities are that unless want of food compels the fugitives to emerge, from the■ dense mallee scrub—where tbsy are doubtless concealed : —they will stand a very good chance of-eluding capture.” .. A Sandhurst , telegram iu Wednesday’s Herald states :that “ four, men, who answered the description:of the prisoners, camped last evening at Marong. Information was given to the police, who are in pursuit. The runaways are apparently making for the Murray, with a view of crossing into New South Wales.” A telegram in Wednesday's Oeelong Tima states that-the :Riverina.. Art Union was drawn, at Moama yeaterday. The two first prizes’fell to Qippaland ticket-holders, the next in value to' residents of New South Wales, and a few minor'prizes to Melbourne speculators, : i" An oversight on the part of the draftsman has led to an error in the text of 1 the Education Bill sub mitted; by Sir John O’Shanassy. Clause. 4, as printed, provides for the examination of .schools under the bill.in “ writing and arithmetic,” and the words “grammar and geography” should be added. The -intention of the member for Belfast is that the edu cation paid for under the bill should be identical with ithaedubation given and-paid for in the State schools. The Telegi aph says the public will be pleased to hear that Mr Francis was much better on Tuesday night than ha has been for some days past. He bad obtained relief from the pain that had so seriously prostrated him. It- is hoped that the hen. gentleman will now quickly regain bis strength. According to.the Telegraph., Mr R. Clark, the mem ber for Sandhurst, made a.sturdy protest on Tuesday night against the insolent Ministerial coercion, insinu ated rather than applied to supporters who wished to show allegiance to their principles rather than their party. The.hon. member spoke with evident sincerity when he declared that he would rather resign his seat than be subject to such surveillance and intimida tion. The .Attorney-General had given the necessity for this protest, and. later in the evening Mr Casey resented a similar impertinence from the Chief Secre tary. . . ; Mr Longmore had a very: bad time of it at East Charlton on’ Saturday. He was rebuked strongly by a number of selectors,-who declared that he was their ruin. The secretary of Lower Avoca Farmers’ Asso ciation said that if the same leniency had been shown to selectors by Mr Longmore that bad been dealt out by his predecessors, there would have , been, in that district alone, upwards of 25,000'acres more under crop than there was. (Hear, hear.) So much for the -boasted efforts of the present- Ministry to help the poor man. (Loud applause.) Mr D. MTnnes strongly supported the arguments brought forward by the last speaker, and expressed his conviction that, unlesathe existing restrictions-were removed, something serious would-occur. He knew thousands of selectors—in fact, had business with them—and; he was sure that there' was hardly one man in a hundred but what strongly objected to this interference on the part of the Minister. (Hear, hear.) The speaker then asked the Minister of Lands if he had ever refused a selector who had fulfilled the conditions of his Crown grant, ■ A cricket match was played on Wednesday between the . Union Jack C.G, and the Pride of the Ease, which resulted in a victory for the former by 24 runs. ■ The Queen Victoria Cricket Club will play their first match bn Saturday next, when the second eleven will play the first eleven of the Mount Pleasant C. 0., the match to be played on the ground of the laMe r - The Queen Victoria eleven will be chosen from the following players:—Messrs' J. James, P. Cockburn, A. Stevens, F. Barker, A. Phillips, Wbeeler, J. White, K- Lang, J, Hain, W; Moore, J. Smith, J. Carroll, >»• Palmer. Play, to commence at 2.30 o’clock. We are requested to remind our readers of t e excellent entertainment provided for this evening y the Excelsior Tent, 1.0. R., at the Societies'-hall, tin yille street, Tea will be on the tables at half-paai • and the'concert will commence at 8 p.m. . “ Mayor of Ballarat East, will preside. The follow 8 ladies and gentlemen have, kindly consented to gi their services at the concert, viz-;—The Misses ju grove,' Miss Wilson, Mias Field, Miss Jessie Boc'r"’ and Miss Furlong; Messrs Cazaly, Cuming, U * Darrow, Rettie, Field, -Brown, Dunn, Manuin, Weir (who will appear for the last time in pu Ballarat); also; the Ballarat Fire Brigade bellnng > consisting of Messrs Swan, Gibson, Dunn, Bale, Palmer. ■ . We remind members of the Masonic order m Sebastopol Lodge will be re-opened this evening- _ large attendance is expected to meet tha visitors Melbourne. ; ~ t cr We are requested, to state that ticket-hoi the soiree in the-Prince's-room on Friday, m . . tion with the laying of the foundation-stone new hall for the Eastern Public Library, wi the' privilege of. securing seats in the large ha p to the admission of the general public. notify . : The Colonial Mutual .Fire Insurance Company | in bur advertising columns that they are F pared to accept fire risks at the lowest current • !The:fortnightly meeting of tha No. 2 branch i nian Society is called for this evening. 