LATEST CABLE INTELLIGENCE. (From ihc Dallii Papers) London July 10. German and Austrian semi-official journals approve of the Anglo-Turkish Convention. India sappers have started for Cyprus. The Australian Eleven commenced a match to day against eighteen of South Wales. In their first innings the Australians made 219, Bailey being top scorer with -15. The first innings of their opponents closed for 91. London, July 11. The Australian team won the match in one innings, with 38 runs to spare. The bowling of the Australians was very effective, particularly that of Spofforth and Boyle. The total score were — Australians, 1st innings ... 219 South Wales, 1st innings ... 0-1 2nd innings ... 87 There is 'great excitement at. Montreal, in consequence of the Governor having presented a bill prohibiting an Orange procession that was arranged for to-morrow, tlie 12th. The Colonial Marriages Bill has been .shelved for the present cession. The European Congress has appointed a Commission to inquire into the outrages com mitted in Bulgaria. Russia claims Bayazid, to Turkish Armenia, but England objects. London, July 12. The Indian troops, hitherto stationed at Malta, together with three British infantry battalions, have gone to occupy Cyprus. In consequence of the excitement at Montreal the orangemen voluntarily desisted trom holding a procession there to-day. The Anglo-Turkish Convention lias been pro claimed at Cyprus, aud the Secretary of the British [-mbassy at Constantinople, lias taken possession on behalf on England. In the House of Commons to-day Sir Stafford Northeote, Chancellor of the Exchequer, in reply to a question, said that a '.money vote was required to meet expenses in. connection with the Anglo-Turkish Convention. London, July 13. The term of office of Sir Hercules Robinson G.C.M G., as Governor of New South Wales, lias Seen extended. Everything has been settled at Berlin, and the Treaty was signed to-day. Cyprus was formally occupied by liritish troops yesterday. The inquiry, by the Board of Trade, inio the stranding of the steamship Garonne, oil' Ras Hafoon, is concluded. The, captain i.s blamed and his certificate suspended foi* six months. The ship Scottish Admiral, bound to Queens land, with immigrants, was stranded at Southern! She was got off, and towed into Gravesmd. Tlie Australian May mails, via Torres Straits, have been delivered. A two-days' match between the Australian Eleven and eighteen of Oldham, resulted in a draw. When the stumps were drawn at- t he end of the second day's play, the Oldham men were all out for 255. The Australians made 237, and had three wickets to go down when the game was drawn, Paris, July 15. In consequence of the native rising ju Jfcw Caledonia., the French Government arc sending reinforcements to that, colony. London, July 15. In the House Of Commons, this evening, the Attorney-General, replying to Mr. Sullivan men - her for Louth, said that the question of fir Bryan O'Loghlcn retaining his seat as member for the county of Clare would come before the House for its decision. He had decided to give an opinion on the question when it was brought under the notice of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, on Wednes day. Ncav .couth Wales has been awarded the .special grand prize for wool, in addition to the medal. A match was commenced to-day at Leicester between the Australian team and eleven of Leicestershire. The latter went first to the wickets, and scored 193, Sankey being top score, with 70, and Wheeler coming next with (50. Pantcr and Collier scored 20 each. Tlie Austra lians, in their first innings, have scored 14 with no wickets down. The wickets played splendidly. There was a very large attendance numbering 10,000. ' ? London, July 10. The match was continued to-day. The first innings of the Australians closed for 130. Gregory scored 22, and Blaekham made 27 (not. out). Alexander Bannernian was unable to play, owing to an accident to his hand, his place being filled by Conway. The Leicestershire team, in their second innings, have scored 127 with four wickets down. The attendance at the match was large, numbering 1.4,000 A very enthusiastic reception was given to the Earl of Beaconsficldand the Marquis ol' Salisbury, oiijthoir landing at Dover to-day, on their return from Berlin. A despatch from the Marquis of Salisbury, which has been published, states that the Treaty is Turkey's last chance. The clerk in the Foreign Office, who was charged with stealing a, copy of the AngloRus sian agreement, which was subsequently pub lished in the Globe, has been dismissed. There was an increased attendance at this year's rifle meeting at Wimbledon. The weather was splendid. The Q,ueen'n prize was won by Private Rae, of the lltli Regiment of Stirling Volunteers. Constantinople, July 1(-'. The insurrectionary movement in the Rudolph mountains has collapsed. London, July 17. The Liberal leaders in both Houses of Parlia ment intend to challenge the policy of the Government. At a very crowded and enthu siastic meeting Sir Stafford Northeote said that the Convention gives England rights to interfere with regard to Turkey beyond those given by tho treaties of 1856 and 1871. ''''I'''**' It is announced that the Government will make its explanatory statement regarding the treaty of Berlin on the 18th inntant. The Eurydice him been raited after many previous attempts had failed. The Right Hon. G. J. Goschen announces that owing to the operation of the county franchise, ho intends to retire from the representation of the city in the House of Commons. A shocking murder has been committed at Moinnouth, by a workman named Watkins, wl'n::c wife and three children are the victims. In a despatch of the Marquis of Salisbury, enclosing the text of the Treaty of Berlin, ho refutes statements which havo been made that; the Cabinet had abandoned the policy set forth in his circular of the 1st' op April last to the European Powers. The President ami jury of Awards have re commended that a gold medal bo awarded to Pitts, and a. silver medal to Crozier, for wool exhibits. South Australia takes the Grand Prize in the wheat section. At the Wimbledon Rifle Meeting to- day the match 'Lords v. Commons' resulted as fol lows : — - Lords ... ... 413 Commons ... ... '135 The match was continued to-day, when th-? second innings of the Leicestershire eleven closed for 1-15, the remaining six wickets falling rapidly. Wheeler was top score with (55, Panter made 32, and Marriott IS. Sankey, Parnham, Walter, Pylott, and Randon failed to score. Bishop was not out with 10 runs. The Australian eleven in their second innings scored 210, with the loss of only 2 wickets, and won the match by 8 wickets and two runs. C. Haimerninn scored 133, and was then run out ; Horan carried his bat out, for ?U\ and Murdoch scored 24. Gregory was not out. for 3. The batting of tlie Australians wae admirable, and Banncrman's innings was superb. The attendance at the match was large. St. Vincent's Hosi-ital.--A benefit is to bo given in aid of St. Vincent's Hospital in tho Theatre Royal on Wednesday next. A concert will be given, in which Mddlt*. Charbonnefc will appfiir. and after this Mr. Chaplin will appear in ' O'Calliighan on his las! logs.' Mr. Laznr has given I lie whole Theatre Royal Company, tho bare expenses only to be charged, and the Musi cal L'nion have postponed their concert , announced for that nighi. so as not to mar the success of the affair. St. Benedict's School.- We notice with pleasure mar. tnc names ol JUiwaru xtucison ana Thomas CoiVey, two of the pupils of the Marisfc Brothers' school, St. Benedict's, appear in tho list of successful candidates at the late Civil Service Examination. This hucccps certainly reflect* the greatest: credit, on the good Brothers, who have contributed so unreservedly to the educating of the youth of St. Benedict's. Three years have not classed .since the Marist Brothers took charge of this school, and already in that comparatively short time the number of tho pupils has almost trebled. Yet this is not all. In spite of the many difficulties they have had to contend with, they have prepared two of their pupils for the University examination, and theso have returned an honour to themselves and to to their school, as well as. to Brother Augustinus, who has had the (ask of preparing them. We have no doubt but that the example of Masters Hudson and CofiVy will be followed by many of the youth attending the school, whilst at the same time the result of the late examination will convince Catholic parents that a .sound religious education is not incompatible with the successful training for commercial or other pursuits. We . congratulate the Brothers on this success in St Benedict's, also the two young gentlemen that have so nobly won these fir-.( laurels for their school. Gin ld Hall. —Mr. D'Arcy Read, proprietor of the 'Ghost,' gave a betoiit to the Guild Library Fund on Wednesday evening at the Guild Hall. The attendance was fair, but nothing to what it should be. We fully expected that every mem bers the Guild would have been present as a compliment to Mr. Read, who must, have now paid a large kiiiii by way of rent to the society besides further establishing and making the Hall wider known. If the members themselves do not. support their own Hall, they can have little cause to complain if the outside public do not. Mi1. Read's farewell performances are given this and Saturday evening. On the 28th instant, says the Croitfburii Argus,. his Lordship the Eight Rev. Dr. Lanigau will pay an episcopal visit to the district of Mummell. On the occasion lie will administer the Sacrament of Confirmation to a number of children who for Home time arc being prepared by the visiting priest-. Earnest, and effective measures. are now tiiken by the people of (his. district, to execute a design eont;'mplak'd by them some years ago. They have for some tim-: past felt the want of a church worthy of the sacred ceremonies and commodious for themselves. A more appropriate occasion could not be chosen for laying tho founda tion ijtono of the new edifice than that of his Lordship's visit. The church will be dedicated to the most. Sacred Heart of Jesus. The assistance of friends towards ils completion i.s kindly solicited. Death of Mr. T. G. M'Caitt/hy.— We are sorry to have to announce the death of Mr. Thomas George M'Cauley, of Cook's River, which took place on the 10th instant. Mr. M'Cault'y was highly respected, and did much in his day for the benefit of his fellow-citizens. During the last six years' he had been an alder man for the borough of St. Peters, and during the present year he Avns unanimously elected to fill the mayoral chair, lie also did much for re ligion, and who instrumental in having tho mission .--'; at Cook's Rivor established, , ,- .,.; 