MARYBOROUGH. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] The trade of the town does not seem much livelier than before the commencement of our railway, but I believe it is in a sound and substantial state. The first " big pay" on the railway line came off on the 27th April. The contractors are pushing on the work well, and the progress reflects much credit on Mr. Wylie, the engineer in charge. It is expected that an engine and ballast train will be running as far as Yengerie in about five months from now. The usual strikes for shorter hours and longer pay have com- menced, but as yet they have obstructed the work in a very small degree. The waterworks have not yet commenced. Two vessels are now overdue from England with water- pipes, railway iron, and immigrants. As soon as these arrive, I quite expect to see a large amount of business done in Maryborough. As a sign of the times I may mention that a third foundry has started, and that the two old ones are full of work--turning out mining machinery for Gympie and the northern gold-fields, and sugar machinery for the Mary and Bundaberg Rivers The sugar industry is steadily rising in import- ance, despite the " black" difficulty. The Govern- ment have had some odium cast upon them by the sugar men because they are beginning to break up the semi- slavery that has so long existed. They have undertaken a task mightily unpopular with a certain section, who would not care if all Queensland was converted into a huge slave State so long as they made plenty of "sugar." It is to be hoped that the day is not far distant when Queensland will rise to the standard of importance New South Wales has so long maintained, where the white man is considered the only good colonist. In that colony millions of money have been invested in farms, plantations, and sugar- mills--and the industry has proved highly profitable and satisfactory-and is rapidly extending, while the whole of the labour employed is white, only white men, with white wives and children, who are, and will more so, become permanent and substantial colo- nists. Why cannot Queensland do the same ? If the sugar-growers are compelled to treat their savages as labourers worthy of their hire, they will soon see that white men and machinery will be more profitable to them. In my opinion, far more stringent measures should be adopted than the Government seem inclined to enforce, but perhaps they do not wish to bring about too sudden a change-a change that will never- theless, I hope, take place before long. We have another splendid trade here-" the timber." Why do we not use coolies for that ? Simply because in it the poor white man is independent of the capitalist. The survey of the railway branch from the Gympie line to the Burrum coal-field is progressing well. I hope the day is not distant that will see it made. It will be by far the best-paying and most important line to Maryborough that can be laid in this district. I hope (since a private offer has been made to construct it) the Government will take into consideration private lines in general throughout the colony. Let a bill be passed, stating distinctly the terms on which the country will allow private railways to be con- structed, and most liberal terms should be given. Three-fourths of the land of the colony will stand at a very low value until railways are constructed in many portions of it; and it is just a matter of choice whether the Government give fairly equivalent land to make them or burden the colony with a tax to pay for them. With reference to the Burrum branch, evidence can be submitted proving beyond doubt that good in- terest on the costs of it can be insured. What more can a young colony expect to do? I believe either the colonies of Victoria or South Australia would give a million of money to open such a coal-field as the Burrum. Rumour says Bundaberg is going to put Mr. King in for Mulgrave at the general election. Don't they wish they may get him! Wide Bay intends to place Mr. King against all-comers-no man would have the ghost of a chance against him. When we work under the coming Redistribution Bill, of course Douglas and King will go in for Maryborough. Mr. John Thorn, of the firm of Annear and Co., rail- way contractors, has been paying us another visit. We are always most happy to see such an old and much- respected Queenslander amongst us. May 2. 