SPORTING NOTES, ix. RACING EVENTS TO COME. Gympie Christmas Meeting, December 26. « Townsville Christmas linces, December 20. Mackay Christmas Races, December 20. North Rockhampton Races, December 2(1. ' Gladstone Christmas Races, December 20. * Tattersall^ Cup Meeting, Jnnuary 1, 1870. Muttaburra Annual Meeting, January 1, 3. Comet Annual Races, January 1. Maryborough Mldsnmmer Meeting, January 1. Blackall Midsummer Meeting, January 8, ll. Geelong Annual Races, January 30, February I. HobartTown Meeting, Frelirnary ll, 12, ls. Launceston Race Meeting, February 19, 20,21. Randwick Autumn Meeting, April ll, 16,18, 19. A.J.C. Autumn Meeting, Easter Week. Tuc weights declared for the North Bock hampton Handicap, on Monday last, have of course evoked the usual amount of criticism from those interested in such matters. It was only to bc expected that some one would spot a horse that bsd been let in on too favourable terms, and I believe the opinion has been expressed by more than one that Prince Charlie is the most favoured of the renowned half dozen. To my idea, however, the imposts on the whole arc warranted by performances, and I question whether they could be much improved on. No doubt Echo has a steadier in Sst. Albs., but this grand little son of Nemo has proved himself both a stayer and a weight carrier in many a hard fought battle, and making due allowance for his improvement according to the weight-for-age scale since he ran so well as a three-year-old, I consider his chance is by no means to be despised for the big event on Boxing Day ; in spite of his having to concede BO much weight to all below him. As a three-year-old Prince Charlie waa a very decent performer, but it will be remem- bered that in the following year, during the autumn and winter of '77, his achievements were nil, notwithstanding that his owner took him to both Warwick and Dalby, where he was let into several handicaps on favourable terms. On returning from the south Charlie was reserved for our own annual, but in thc Port Curtis Handicap lie failed to get a place, and was subsequently withdrawn from bis engagements through baring gone dead lame. He has since, I believe, been two seasons atstud (including the present one), but Burely there is nothing in that to warrant the assumption that the Prince will ever go back to his three-year old form ; and until 1 have some tangible proof lathe contrary11 shall adhere to the belief that the handicappers have tho best argument on their side, and that 8st. llb. is about as much sa Mr. Flynn's nag should be asked to carry for the two miles with a fair prospect of winning. Eaglet with '7at. tibs, is not far out ; though, as he is said to be very tit, his chance is not to bb denied. Neither has Happy Jack ally cause for grief in dst. 1011». Young Whalebone and the Hainsworth filly Dorcadiz being both untried, should be about right at Cst. and Sst. lllbs. Therefore, whilst admitting that Prince Charlie cuylá to win according to his threo-year-old running, and that Echo might have been let in with a few Brands less, I shall be greatly surprised if the tter is not near the foremost rank when the whips are going, and should not he at all astonished to sea the winner turn up where at present least expected. Should Prince Charlie prove the victor on Thursday next, the public, as well as thc subscribers to the funds, will not be dissatisfied, I am certain ; for Mr. Flynn1 has done so much towards encouraging local sport of all kinds, that he has attained a well-deserved popularity amongst all classes of the community. Monday evening next ie the night of general entry for the Boxing Day Haces at North Rockhampton, the place of meeting being Mr. Flynn's European Hotel. From what I cari bear several of the events are likely to have a large number of nominations ; thus judging by present appearances everything is comevfde rose for the ultimate success of the meeting. For the Maiden Plate the competitors will probably be Mr. Archibald's Sunshine, Visitor, Happy Jack, Dorcadiz, Young Whalebone, ano. others. I have heard four spoken of for the jumping race, and aa they are all reputed clever at the sticks a really good race may be depended on. Those mentioned are :-Bede, Percy, Kildare, and Mickey Free. Eaglet, Echo, and Prince Charlie, I believe, are likely to meet in the Ladies' Parse., The Ghost is said to have broken down in hit gallops during the week, and bas bean thrown out of work, Only« ¡few of the others are in the vicinity of the town, bnt most of the others will put in an appearance about tl&beginning; of next week. As condition is everything, under those cir Ismmttancet ,it would be unwise to more than ^bard an opinion as to the probable winners pf any of the events at present Betting has not been very brisk as yet, though. several sportsmen have opened books on the N. R. Handicap. A place book at 10 to 1 has induced a few to speculate, Echo, Eaglet, .and Prince Charlie having been laid every possible way, ai well at another Eaglet .iCtorcadiz-Prince Charlie. In, right out betting 3 to 1 has. been offered,on the field, Eaglet having the call, A little double-event wagering at 10 to I on the North Rockhamp- ton and Comet Handicaps hts taken place, though I bare only heard of Charlie and Echo being laid. ' ' ? : . 1 ? í f Weights for the Comet Handicap of £50, to be run on the 1st of January, were pub- lished on Thursday last; and taken right through, I must say I think the handicap a good one. It may be a doubtful point, per ape, whether tire Comet and Rockhampton handicappers would not bave been nearer the mark if a middle courte «had been taken with regard to Echo ¿nd Prince Charlie, for while I prefer Charlie' for the Rockhampton event I certainly think Echo is up to his neck in the Comet mousy. - 'Julian, in hit old age, has quite enough to stagger nnder in 8 st. IO lbs.; but Middleton, Eaglet, Volunteer, and Happy Jack ¡have nothing to erambie at, and acoord ing to performances ate very fairly treated ; Eaglet particularly so. Of the remaining six the majority are. untried, I presume, and-may therefore be considered entitled to ¡their feather ¡weight, though I cannot follow the jeaspning r,hat jrives, three and fonr-year-jo^ds and aged horses the same weight túnese they have appeared in public, > The handicap is as follows : st. lbs. Mr. J.CaohoU's Echo : ..', .. e o lor. John Jones'Johan .. s lo Mr. W. Flynn's Prince Charlie 8 6 Mr. a W. Kettle's Middleton .. ge Mr. J. Raiwfisglet .. " .. 7 I Mr. J. M-CalfsYolnnteer .. .. 7 0 Mr. J. Rutherford's Happy Jack ,.: 6 8 Mr. John JODM'King ol the Ring .. 0 4 Mr. O. W. Kettle's Clasher .. .. (14 Mr. W. Flynn's Young Whalebone .. e i Mr. F. W. Holden's torcadla 6 9 Mr.JohnM'Iiopdttta'a GnlfflngStar fl ' 9 Mr. J. M'Dohough's Mermaid . . 6 0 . Mr. John Nolan, who lias been long and 'favourably known in the district ai a skilled trainer, has announced to Sporting men the opening of stables in Rockhampton, where he ' ' is prepared to receive and train racehorses for any. engagements, at «'modérate charge. Mr. Noun's long experience and known integrity \- aro guarantees that hhose entrusting him with the care and preparation of their thorough- breds may depend on having full justice done to them, and that all such animals will be sent to the post in a style reflecting credit' alike on the trainer and owner. : Late telegrams state that Melbourne, who is handicapped at 8st. 121bsT is first favourite for the Hawkesbury Handicap'to be run on Boxing Day. Colima (bat. fllbaj holds the pride of place for TattertalTe Cup, The odds are not stated, but probably from 8 to 1 to 10 to 1 is about the figure. The nominationt for the Geelong Gold Cup number thirty-four, and include First .King, Bosworth, Warlock, Savanaka, Wellington, and .other well-known performer«. Forty-five . entriet bave been received for thc Adelaide Cup.' . _._VESO. 