j CÏÏAPTEE LXVI. j THK JLADY -WITH THE WHITE FACE. "Thenyou have not seen Ailie for some tine?'' asked Lord Carsdale of Rose Derwent. And the answer waa: " No " He had made all the search possible in London for his young wife, but could get no tidings of her. They remembered her it the London Bridge Hotel ; and Patty, the kindly chamber-maid, when she heard of inquiries being made about a young lady, told at once all that she had thought and suspected. Lord Carsdale talked to her himself, and described Ailie exactly to her. < " That is the lady !" ciiod the girl. " And you have no idea where she went ?" asked Lord Carsdale. " She mentioned no town, no place ?'» " No," replied the chamber-maid, " none." So there his clue ended. Naturally enough his next visit wes to Hudesweil, to see if Ailie had reached home. This time be was so ragroEsed with anxiety tbrt he quite forgot to note that which beforehand bad so disgusted him-tbe dull street, the gloomy house, the evidence of poverty. He thought only of finding Ailie, and atoning to her for what she bad suffered ; her heroism had been so great that in his eyes it ennobled even the common place surround- ings. As a matter of course, the whole family were as- tonished to see him, as d still more astounded at what he had to tell them, for he would have no mora con- cealment, and sending for the dancing-master and his astonished wife, he told the truth about bia name his title, his position. " At the same time," he aaid, "I must tell you quits fairly that my marriage cuts me off entirely from my, family forever. It has been kept a secret from them all these years ; now they know it, and I have bidden them farewell for ever." John Derwent and his wife were both overcome. " To think," said John, " that such a thing should happen." ' ' " To think," cried Mrs. Derwent, " that my daugh- ter should be a lady of title," They were both speechless after that one remark. " Of course," continued Lord Carsdale, ' now that my marriage is known I should like to see you in a different, position. I hate influential friends, and I do not doubt in the least but that I can procure for you some little office under government, besides which I will settle a yearly income on you more than equivalent to that which you BOW earn. I shall have to trust to your good sense entirely never to mention my family or speak of theft in any way, as it would lead to more harm than good." John Derwent and his wife were both overwhelmed -they could eay nothing. Then he made inquiries about Frank, and learned that he gave promise some day or other, of being a superb engineer. " I consider Frank's fortune made, sir," said John Derwent, gratefully ; " and I have you to thank for it, my lord, and no one else." Then Lord Carsdale had to listen to the story of Rose's engagement to the young curate ; and looking at the girl's sweet face be did not wonder at her marrying well. lhen Hettie looked up at him with one of her frink strange smilejS. " I am not one of the genteel members of the fam- ily," she enid, " and I am not provided for, but I tell you one thing, Lord Carsdale, I wotld not marry a lord, as poor Ailie baa done, without be loved me better than you lovad her." "Youare right,Hettia. Ido not excuse myself, but I will atone in the future for the errors of the past." He would not alarm them by telling them that he had so completely lost all trace of Ailie; he let them believe there had been some mistake about their travelling. He found from his inquirios that none of tbem bad any idea of Ailie's whereabouts. He went away as soon BB he could having but the one idea of finding her. The surprise, the wonder, the berwilderment that fell upon that little household. Ailie their beautiful Ailie, had married a lord, Mrs. Derwent rocked her- self pathetically to and fro, wiping the great tears from her ejes. " I always said that Ailie was no common kind of girl," she said, " but none would believe me." The dancing-master looked at his fiddle. "You and I part now," he said; "but you have been a true friend to mo." The secret was imparted, under all possible vows of secrecy to the curate, who mentally congratulated himself on having made a good match. Visions of a good living, presented to him by bis brother-in-law Lord Carsdale, floated across bia mind. In the meantime, Lord Carsdale himself war quite at a loss where to look. It waB wonderful how ene illusion after another drew bim from place to place Sometimes it was the story of a lady found drowned in the depths of some Bwif t, deep river, again, it was the body of a lady washed ashore ; it WBB an un- ' known lady killed ina railway accident; or it was the history of a mysterious death. Wherever he heard or read of anything of the kind, he went at once; but, neither living nor dead, could he find any trace of Ailie. It was a railway accident that drew his attention to Newbury-an excursion train had come in collis sion with a heavy goode train, the result of which was tbe death of soma twenty passengers, and the injury of some twenty others. It was nobodj's fault -quite an accident, the servants of the company de- clared-one that no human intelligence could have foreseen. Among the list of the dead came a descrip- tion of a lady unknown. She was described as very beautiful, with long golden hair ; and when Lord Carsdale read it, his heart grew faint, He forgot how many beautiful women with golden hair there are in the world ; and he went direct to Newbury. It was not Ailie ; before he reached there the gol- den-haired lady had been recognized by a husband, who was driven mad by ber untimely death. Still, Lord Carsdale resolved upon staying there, it was a pretty place, and he had a pleasant memory of the one bapyy day that he had spent with Ailie there. He went to the same hotel where she had been so full of pretty innocent wonder and surprise, Ibey did not recognize him there. Later on that evening he walked down to the beach ; it was a curious place quaint, old fashioned, and at times very ao'itory. He walked post the pier where the band was " discours- ing eloquent music"-down by the cliffs, and stood there looking at an old, ruined jetty that ran out in- to the sea. It was a quiet, desolate place ; there was no sound of music, no gay promenaders, no cbildren at play. There lay the blue sea : the while cliffs sloped down to it, and from -the shingle, the black ruined jetty ran out far and wide into the sea. Such a quaint solitary scone had not met his eyes for years He stood watching it wondering how that old jetty would look underra darkening sky, with great, dark waves leaping over it ; and aB be stood, there came to him an old coast-guard who touched his cap and began to talk. That jetty, he said, had been for years and years out of ropair; it was never used now. In times long past queens and kings had landed on it ; but now it was given up to a ghost. " It looks like a place to be haunted," said Lord Carsdale ; " still a sep- waBhed jetty is rather a strange place for a ghost, What bind of ghost is it?" " Well, you know, sir, of course it is no ghost - there is no such thing ; but I tell you one thing, none of our young people would come here after dark) and I do not mind saying that I bave often had a turn myself." " What ia it, then ?" asked Lord Carsdale. " To tell you the truth, sir," said the old man, " it 13 a lady. I think some great trouble has driven her mad. She looks like it." " What does she do?" continued Loid Carsdale, growing interested. " Well, ehe never comes here, sir, before the gloam- ing, and she is so shadowy, so still, so white, and BO beautiful, that people bave a kind of dread of her, I have seen her often enough, and her face is quite transparent ; it is like marble with the moon shining on it, She seems always tocóme with the gloaming, and she goes away with the great darkness. She sits right at the end of the jetty, there where the water touches those black arches. I went to ber once/' continued the old man, seeing that his listener was interested, "I said to myself there waa nothing to be afraid of, and I went to her. 'Are you not afraid of the waves ?' I said to her ; and, Bir, I almost fell back into the sea myself when she raised her face and looked at me. I did not know" that there could be such a face in all-the woild." " What was it like ?" asked Lord Carsdale. " It would take one more clever than I am to tell that. It was like nothing I have ever seen on this earth ; it was beautiful, like the face of an angel in a picture, and it was filled with sorrow ; it did not look as though she bad cried-the grief on it was past all tears; and yet there was a strange light, a cu- rious strange light. I said to her : ' Are you not afraid of the waves?' and then she looked as I told you. It took me some time to get over that look. Then I said : ' When they reach these black arches they are dangerous,' I said. 'Yes, I know,' she replied, and, for me, such a voice was worth hearing. It was sweet and sad as a cooing dove. ' Do you know,' I continued, 'that danger,in this case, means deith ?' ' Yes, I know it,' she answered, ' You need not trouble about me. Do you see tbis mark here?' She raised her hand- such a white hand, sir, like a snow flake, and she pointed out to me a gre ,t black notch in the wood. 'You see this?" sha repeated, and I said, 'Yes.' 'I shall sit here,'she said, night after night until the waves reach here, and when they reach here I shall die, Oh, welcome death 1 oh, beautiful death, I shall die-it will not besuicide-I shall not kill myself, but the waves will carry me so Rently out to sea-so gently, so sweotly.' Sir, I drew back frightened at her ; neither her face nor her voies were like any- thing earthly. Iii at was than two weeks since ; now I watch her, and I have my boat ready. If ev r I see her in danger I shall do my best to save her." " Iti8 a strange story," seid Lord Carsdale, "All the young people are shy of going near the jetty, It used to be a famous place for love-making ; now, when that silent figure steals so gently ahd quietly a.ong, every one vanishes as though by magic." "What time do you say the poor lady comes?'' asked Lord Carsdale. " Only in the gloaming, sir-only in the gloaming,'» said the old man, BB he walked away. 