THE CHINESE AND THE FAMINE IN i CHINA. m TO THH EDITOR. : Sir — I once heard an anecdote which very aptly illustrates the present prejudice against all the Chinese. A crowd was gathered at a corner, and a thoughtless nerson. wishing to alarm them, called out as a harmless cur passed by, 'A bad dog ! a bad dog !' As a result the majority sought safety in the wildest flight, Whilst a few more courageous ones stayed to pat the poor animal to death. ' Give a dog a bad name, and you may as well hang him.' A few thoughtless words, a few inconsiderate charges, and a whole nation obtains a notoriety of which the arch fiend himself would almost be ashamed. On Easter Monday I addressed a letter to you protesting against the injustice of making charges of the kind referred to by persons addressing promiscuous crowds met for electoral purposes, and by one or two editors of papers, and I asserted my belief that those charges were not only untrue, but also m-ule with a view of currying favour with the persons addressed, or, in other words, with a motive. Even if all that has been brought up against the Chinese were true, it is a most dangerous thing to try and arouse popular dislike against a class or body of people, as witness the treatment received by a small body of Chinese at the Port tbe other day, whose only crime was that they were engaged by a European to do certain work for him: But I wish to write in answer to Mr. Hanton and to one or two anonymous corre spondents, who pretended to combat me by re peating the slanders referred to. The first person wishes to know who am I, and he desires to be acquainted with a great many things irrelevant to the question at issue, and is generally super ficial and impertinent. As he was polite enough to sign his name I will do him the favour to explain that I do not advocate the ' introduc tion' of Chinese. I do not like them, and have no doubt that the police in Melbourne could show a stranger over places frequented by Chinese in that city nearly or quite as bad as could be found in 'New Jerusalem,' at the Port, or in some places in the city of Adelaide. It is of no use my repeating my own observation about the character of this people, but I may be permitted to mention that the evidence of a gentleman now residing at Glenelg, who has recently travelled over a great part of China and Japan, quite coincides with the view advanced by me. If in California all the domestic service is rendered by Chiuamen to the total exclusion of whitejmen and women, who are wanting employ ment but cannot obtain it, what kind of masters and mistresses must they be who would employ these fiends incarnate (according to report) in lieu of their own flesh and blood and tongue? If they crowd 16 men in a 12 feet'square room, how is it that all the maxims of hygiene are upset, and they continue alive and healthy ? If they live upon rice and slops, how do they minage to work so hard and carry heavy burdens which no white man is capable of bearing? It is absurd to make assertions such as have been made, which will not bear the scrutiny of the most ordinary intellect. Bat whilst deprecatiag these unadvised and dangerous assertions, made by persons who really know/ nothing of what they are talking about, do not let me be understood aa advocating that the Chinese or other foreigners should be imported without any restrictions. We should insist that every ship starting for our ports having on board a certain number of passengers— say ten should include amongst them a percentage of the female sex, and this should apply to all vessels, whether English or foreign. Thjxs we should avoid any appearance of impartiality or injustice, for it would be manifestly nnjost in us to close the ports of a country which we have recently ' acquired' against the Chinese whilst the war-ships of our mother country were lately engaged in compelling that people to open their ports to our traders in opium and others. With respect to those who attributed interested motives to me under cover of noms de plume or initials, I can only say they must have very superficially read my letter, and thus completely misunderstood it. As to the insinuations, I care nothing for them, for whether the Chinese come here or whether they stop away will make no difference to me. Now, I will come to the point of this letter. Some of my friends advise me that I should make answer to those who wrote against my vindication of the .Chinese (as a uvtion, not as individuals) lest the public should imagine that by not answering I had admitted that the charges of lying, cheat ing, thieving, immorality, &c; were proven against them, and thus injure the noble effort that will be initiated this day to render aid to the starving millions in China. This would be a most deplorable result of my well intended epistle, and one which would be a never-ending source of sorrow to me. What ever may be the faults of those whom we have amongst us, whatever the errors and sins of those of whom we read in other countries, the poor mortals in China are dying for want of food, whilst we who bear the same impress of common humanity have plenty and to spare. Could we see a dog or even a tiger suffer the torments of hunger, and not put forth a hand to relieve the distress ? How much more then when it is men and women and poor little children, who are looking with hungry eyes, and gaunt, famine-stricken frames for a morsel of that food with which an Almighty Providence has provided us in such abundance. Let us con sider the straits they must be reduced to when mothers forget, in the madness of their distress, the sacred instincts of maternity, and devour the flesh of their own offspring to satisfy the craving for food ; when the grass of the field, the Vark and leaves of the trees, the thatch of the house, and the dead bodies of those who have fallen by the roadside are consumed, and then the poor wretches, turning their despairing eyes around, at last abandoning all hope of pro longing existence, lie down and give up the ghost. I say it is a pitiful sight and a pitiful thought that these things should be ; and I do trust that the people of South Australia will forget all that has been said either against or for the Chinese, and only remember that they are men and brothers, that they are in urgent need of food and assistance, and, remembering this, help with that noble readiness which has always characterized the kind - hearted and liberal people of this colony. I am, Sir, &c;, ALBERT MOLIXEUX. Kent-terrace, Kent Town, May 18, 1878. 