THE.GHOSTS OF CHAT- | E.LOUSSE. I TALUXO about ghosts (said Jack Scott) the toughest' time I erer'had with gentry oí that sort was when I was trave liing for Frost & Co. up in Canada. We were ia the fur lice, you know, and I happened to fall in with a' gentleman by the nama of Flint, who agreed to go across the country with me. He waa not at all the sort of fellow obe would choose for a travelling companion, being extremely taciturn and grim ; but, apart from shiiring expenses, there was the necessity for some sort of sympathy and affection in such a confoundedly bleak and for- bidding country. Our sturdy team of Cjuadiun horses took us further und further from civi- lisation ; hoHtelries of any sort were few and fur between. But an honest sheep-dog would have been a jollier 'companion than Flint; his thin lips couldn't seem to take the shape of a healthy l.iugh. Without divulging any commercial secrets, I told Flint what I could of my errand into this wilderness, hoping to gee eouie little confi- dence in return. He did go so far as to hiut that be also was connected with hunting and trapping, but he was extremely close- mouthed and reticent as to particulars, and utter little spurts of chat oa my parc the. conversation languished. Tho thiid muralug of our journey wa had a little controversy, Flint Hud I, about our route for the day. We wanted to net on to Chalelouaau, whore I bud leeters of introduc- tion, and where Flint hoped to find out the whereabouta of a Montitur Bernard, in whom I was also interested, ns Flint had told mo he had been a dealer iii skins. . Wa were told there was a shortcut across the country, but it would be a »fer, perhaps, to take the publia road, Flint waa Tither iu favour of tbe latter plan, being of a ctutioua and prudent temperament; but' although the word» of our senior partner oame into my head, they only seemed to push' me the other way. "Never take a'by-path when you can get a highway," were trie parting wurde of Mr. Fi'oat; but I considered, them «oin» of \- bia oracular old-fngytstus. " It's only twenty miles, Flint," I said. " Twenty of these Canadian miles," he added. " With fresh horses," I went on ; " and our host here bas pointed us out the way." "Yes, yes," said the innkeeper, ?. straight ahead, geutlemen, till you iee a big croas eec up at the end of a threo cornortd field. Turn to the right, and you'll soon see a forest of fir-trees;) that is tbe beginning of Chatelousaa, and oloso at hand lives Âdriuu Bernard There is a house a little thia way, messieurs that is all black and empty, and has about it the tuelauciioly of the grave. It is-pardon me, messieurs-it ia given over to the devil. They say it ia haunted." "Yes, yes," broko ia Fliat, craning his neck eagerly forward; "what is it about this house?" " It is that a erime has been committed there, messieurs-that lights are seen, quoer noises are heard, groan« »nd shrieks of terror. I have it for a faot that, uhtht after night, the tragedy is repeated over and over ugaiu." " Lit ÜB get on," said Flint, " iu the direc- tion tt this house." ' ' of wood that had fallen 'and waa plunged fathoms deep ia the snow. As for roads, there were none, neither to the right nor thu left. That imbecile ot aa innkeeper must have known that st this season ot the year ordinary landmarks were obliterated. We had long since been gliding over au unbroken surface of snow; but dimly shadowed upon the horieon X bad seen the forest of hrs, »»nd I pushed the jaded boasts onward. Il was weary work, as we were perceptibly going up-hill. The short Canadian day was drawing to n close. If you want an idea, my friends, of complete and utter desolation, take a cain pugna of that »ort when day is expiring at thu bunds of a pitiless and unrelenting night ; the vast sheet of white, unbroken by feuce or forest, becomes in the shifting and fading light like a pall drawn over a dead world. From early morniug we had not passed a roof or seen u living creature. The bitterness of cold was somewhat ameliorated, but thia wat another source of anxiety, us it hinted of snow, and to think of this was tb shudder; a snowstorm would be utter and irretrievable ruin. To add to my alarm, I could no longer distinguish the line of fir-trees. "This must be snow-blindness," I said. ? " Can you see thoBo fir-trees, Flint?" . " No,"* he replied, calmly; "I have not seen them for some time. They'll probably come ia sight when we gut to tbs top of thiB hill." But having reached the summit, and begin- ning to deacmid, X said again, " Can you see them now, Flint?" " No," he replied. I reined in the horses, and gob upon my feet. One unbrokdu, glittering desert of .nuw surrounded na. In the yellow light of the weatern sky it glistened like the folds of a snake; further on, under the stormy clouds thai scudded along, it grew livid and steel coloured, and looked mora horrible to me than the.wildest and blaakest of seas. At that moment a filmy particle, soft, as down, touohed my cheek. In an iustant we were enveloped by the soft, white, accursed (lakes. " My God I ?Flint," I cried, sinking back in the «led, " wo are lost I" I'm afraid so," said Flint. ." Great heaven 1" I exclaimed, " our bon ea -ill lie bleaohing hers for months. Our families won't even know what has b ooo mo of ua." ," I haven't any family," «aid Flint. " Neither have I, forthat matter," said I. " But that, doesn't make it any pleasanter, dosa it, to die here like doga ?" ." Of course not," said Flint. " Ton'd better .take some brandy, Scott. It's unfortunate ; I'd .like .to have hunted out that Barnard, but lt oan't be helped." ?;. He took a pull at the brandy-Saik and handed it over to rae. He was as cool ai the climate, my friends. In tho meanwhile tho horses, feeling the reina falling loosely from, my fainting banda, trotted rapidly"on.K Heaven help those egotista that hold the human intellect supremo 1 Tho ponies chose the right direotiou. In lesa than ten minutes those blessed ponies took us within eight of the line of flr-trees. I waa transported by the felioitloua view of some honest smoke wreathing np between the scraggy branohea wbloh sheltered a long, low, straggling building, red-roofed, with diamond-shaped panes In the windows, through which we could see the red light of tho household fire. The squawk ot u fowl suggested ita speedy conveyance to a neighbouring ' spit ¡ the grun ting of pigs saar by w*a more melodious to my ears "than tae munlo of tho npuenu yonder in the storm-tnsaset, blinding suow. j : " We're saved, Flint, my boy !" I oriod. " Thank GxL, wa ai« rmva.il !'.' 1 "Tais rn Mk ba BauatwA's," saiA BHnt, looking »tont him with his' keen 'grey eye» j " and over yonder I think I can tee the out- lines of the haunted house." Five minutes after we sat In a. long low ceiled apartment that oovered half the ground floor. The oaken rafters almost touched the head ot a tall trapper who was lodging with Monsisur Bernard., He had a long blonde beard and singularly melodious voice. There was quite a number of guests there all of them trappers, so Monsieur Bernard said ; but this tall fellow they called Cameron had the shoulders of a Hercules with,the faoe of an Apollo. I suppose I waa some- thing dszed with the sadden relief and reioue, for it appoared to me that a young woman who sat by the Ere, paring .carrots the very colour of her long braids of hair, waa as beautiful as an angel. Her eyes were soft and luminous, her forehead low and white ; an indescribable air of tender melancholy shadowed her face. The chemi- sette she wore was as white as the snow upon which it was bleached ; her bodice was of homespun; the knots in her knitted stockings must have been made by her own' little hand«; the big buckles on her shoes could not hide the .pretty arch of her instep. She sang under her breath a little couplet, of which the refrain was " Jamais, Jamais !" Hungry ai I was, I could scarcely touch the floe grilled fowl prepared for us, but my soul devoured tho daughter of Monsieur Bernard. Tb« tall trapper and bis companions worn supping in a neigh- bouring room ; we could hear their glasses rap upon the table or chink against each other; scraps of songs arid disjointed sen- tences reached our ears. Fliut picked the chicken to the bone, in the meanwhile talking in a low tone to Monsieur Barnard, who batked in the heat that poured from the crackling elden of the sheet iron stove, and blinked at Flint like an ancient lizard. He was a little, drled-up man, with a close cap upon his head ; bis leather breecbes reaohed a little below - his knees ; a warm furry jacket, high woollen stockings, and wooden sabots completed his costume. - An hour or two went by ; the trappers in the neighbour- ing room had finished their meal, and apparently gone to bed. Flint and the little Frenchman pursued their conversation. As for me, I had drawn close to the beautiful young woman, who WBB washing some quaint yellow mug« at the end of the long oak table. Her name was Marie. In this primitive region conventionalities were sot aside-au earnest passion glided along like snow shoes. I got.over a good deal of ground in a very . short time. I began to believe this journey was marked out for me. I told Marie so, and lifted one of her long braids to my lips. I was just thiuking what a sensation that peculiar coloured n»ir and her remarkable beauty would create in our circles at home, when Flint culled out to me that he had resolved to go over and sleep in the haunted house. " Don't you want to go along, Scott," he said, "or are you afraid?" Trie latter part of his sentence had a peculiar sneering intonation. I <uid I was not afraid, but thought it a very absurd sod infernally uncomfortable thing to leave a warm fireside and go plunging over there in the »DOW and the freezing air for a freak of curiosity. Marie clasped her hands, and besought of us, for the sake of the Redeemer, not to go ; that in that room upstairs, upon that very pallet of Straw, the murdered man had been fnund ; and nobody had slept there since, or stayed in the house. . ' . " Except the ghosts of Chatelousse," said her father, iu a dry, wheezy voice. But Flint got his lantern ready. Of coarse I had to go. If one man ventures upon a fool hurdy freak, another must follow, ar rest under the 'imputation of cowardice. Mon- sieur Bernard helped us on with our overooats. I looked into the sweet eyes of Alarie; they were dilated with that expression of terror one sees in the eyeB of a fawn. I took her cold handB in my own. " Rest tranquil, my sweet. ohild, I said, for I waa touched by her tenderneaa ; " I will return to you." We made our way through tbe blinding snow, and found tbe house black and empty. The door creaked on ita rusty hinge, tbe abutters banged, a melancholy wind howled thron«h the corridor. " "Wo shall have our labour for our pains," I said, aa we entered the room upstairs; " there is nothing remarkable in a few broken chairs and an old bundle of straw." " We must be patient," said Flint, throw ing the buffalo robe upon the bed, and blow- ing out the lantern ; *' we must wait for the hour of midnight." There WHB nothing for me to do but to creep in beside bim. I took the inner aide, and, worn out with countless emotions, must have fallen aileep before the hayseed touched my hair. I was nwakeued by a peculiar mocking laugh, seemingly dose by my ear; but, upon regaining tbe aotlvity of my «enees, I fouud it distant and hollow.' Again sud again it seemed to come from the very bowels of the eirtb. I began to feel a chill run down my vert-brio. " Flint,!' I whhipeied, reaohing over for him, " do you hear that?" Bat my hand wnnrlerod over an empty apace at my aide. Flint wa« gone. I was alone in this accursed hou5e. Strange noises came to me. I fancied I heard a groan, the clanking of a chain. Heaven knows what terrible vagaries bnset me. "Pdrhaps," thought I, " Flint has been dragged awBy ; my tum will corns next." Distinctly I heard again that hollow, mock- ing laugh, and step by step a foot ascending tho etair. A cold sweat burst'from every puro in my body. I sprang'from the bed, «nd ran out the open door down the stairs. I« seemed to me a shadowy form fled before me, and vanished in the corridor. I plunged across the field and at laat burst into a low ceiled room, where I found the miserable little Frenchman aud my missing companion. " Oh, you ran away, then ?" I said to Flint. . "Yes," be said, quietly, "I thought it bast not to awaken you." . " "So you left me tqbe murdered, perhaps ?" " That W«B what I wanted to avoid," he | »id.- I saw that bo waa pain, and hia hand« ; ?hook a little.' " I »hill puah on to Chate- ' loueae at daybreak," he said. "I thought you had more nervo, Flint," I replied., .". I wouldn't myeolf sloop in that house again to be junior partner with Frost & Co. ; but that is no reason, for neglecting business opportunities.. From a few words I exchanged with that tall trapper-I think they coll him Oamoron-" "Yes," said Flint, with sudden eogernoss. " What about him ?" Ï " I think he can put me in the way of a lucrativo stroko of business hore." «' How ? In what way ?" said Fliut. : "Ia tho trapping way, of . course," replied ! " in the wsy of shins." : The light died out of Flint's face.. Ho sont bask in his chair, und stroked his thin beard contemplatively. "Suppose yon remain bera, theD, till 1 corns back," he said. "I shan't be gone more than two or three' days." > .' All right," I said, with alacrity. In truth, I hated to leave Mario. A* daybreak Flint drova "away, with a staWln liny nf Bernard's for a guide, ** He's tho last man in the,world I'd take to ba such > coward," I paid, to tho tall ? »rappw, ' Cameron, souie hourn liiu.r on. . 1 invited him to bvojltiiist with me, ai,d related to hira ooj: udveoturtm ol thu yievloua night. "I don't know,anything about ghosts,"I ?aid,' but I certainly heard- the roe tallie clanking of a chain, and a hollow,.mocking laugh-a footstep, too, mounting' the. stair» ; and aa I fled ' down, 'a phantom-like form disappeared before my Tery eyes in the/hall- way." . . There .are more things in ".heaven ana", earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy," said.Cameron. "AU we can do ia to keep a clear conscience .and lead stainless lives." He went on talking in thia way till I began to'look upon him aaa kind of evangelist. Hia face had the guileless look of an infant, and yet he had a keen eye and brain tot business. Ha explained to me a method for curing akins, which was very interesting. Even Alarie paused at har work and listened to him. Her eyes were fixed upen his face with an eager, yearning expression, so beantiful that I wondered it did not attract his notice; bnt.'he was absorbed in his subjeot. ." That short Canadian day was tho sweetest of my life. Before nightfall I waa folly persuaded there was but one woman in the world for' me ; but all : that I could get Marie to say in return was, '* Oh, monsieur 1" Thia she repeated over and* over, again, each time with a different inflection, till it formed a whole sweet language in itself. * '' At nightfall of the second day Flint came back, looking - rather pale and worn. He said the air was freesing; he hoped it"would be milder in the morning ; that we must ge? off aa early aa possible. . j . "If you go to-morrow, Flint," I Bald, " you'll have to go alone. I must remain, a while." " I shill sot go alone," said Flint ; " I shall ? have plenty of company. But why must you remain ?". I didn't care to speak about Marie to a. man like Flint, but I told him of the opening in trade offered me by Cvraeron. ' "The tall fellow with » blonde bewd ?" said Flint, going over and shutting our ohamber door. Then he carno close to ma. . and whispered in my ear, " He is the leader, of the gang. Hush 1 be quiet ; don't reply. I have unearthed a troop bf. counterfeiters'. I saw them at work that night in the haunted house. They, are the ghosts of Chat elousse. In six hours we shall have help. To- morrow we shall start off'together. Ber Dard gave, them up. That, was my business out here." ? ' ' ~ ' " Trapping ?" I »»H. "Exactly," Bald Fllat. " In sixteen hoars e'verythiug will be ready. The officers-will' come ' armed ; ' be preparad;" and the wily Jesuit slipped oat the open door. I sat .there for I don't, know how long, completely stunned and bewildered. When I gathered my senses again, I resolved upon one thing-not to go without Marie. "We could get married at the nearest town. X. .would nob feave her id thia wilderness with her traitor of a father, perhaps to fall a prey to some early yengeanoo from nn unseen hand. I sought her out, and found her' feeding the fowls in tho court'yard;-a grey dove perching upon her shoulder',' and a, turkey-cook stretohing bia red neck and strutting by .her eldo. I drew hor under tho archway. " Marie ! Marie 1" I said, " you know how I love youl" "Oh, monsieur 1" she said, hanging.nut sweet head. "Listen to me, Marie," I said ;. " be no longer "a child, I .entreat of you. You moat go away with me to-morrow morning.'''At the nearest town' we will be murrted.' * I'will not leave' you behind me. ' There will "be trouble, I am afraid' A gang of counter- feiters have been discovered ovtr in the haunted house ; Cameron ia th*ir chief.' Yo« haye thought these ' men to be honest; trappers, Marie, but they aro counterfeiters, my own one, and they are the ghosts of Chateloutse. . A few hours niora, and we ' shall have help. They will be taken, Maria -" I stopped, for I found that she was grow- ing deadly pale. Her hands dropped at her side; the wheat fell out of her apron' upon the gronnd ; tho fowls came calling and clucking after it. She grew whiter - and whiter, till she was like the snow outside the the stone wall. ' " My God 1 my God 1" aha kept saying, clasping and unclasping her hands. I tried to take her in my arma. At first she resisted ; then'she listened. The urey look went out of her face, and she liston ed eagerly. "You will gn with me, my darling I" I entreated; "the horses are already har- nessed." ' V .. "Where-where are -the horses ?" 'she said. " In the shed, my'Bweefc one. Tell me that you will go.? *' Yes, yes, I will go," she Bald; " and now I must get ready." " ?'. Her face looked so set and rigid, iu the cold reflection of th« snow-the beautiful face no longer that of'a child's ; a woman's face, full of resolution and strength. . " Kiss mo before you go," I said, holding her clp-so to my heart. -1 She put her cold lips to mine. " God bless you I" she crlod ; " God in heaven bless youl" _ Night came on ; honr attor honr passed ; lights began to fliokor in the haunted' house. Flint glued his face to the window ' and looked steadily out into tbo darkness. I did not dare tell him I had- a regret for Cameron. The fellow was so lovable, and bai such a a guileless faa»; his voice was as melodions as a woman's. At last bo turned from tho window and went ont of the room, making a quiok gesture for me to follow. Tho men bad oome. Soon wo'wore marohinp; across the field, the offioprs of the . law. crunching through the snow with their heavy boots, and muttering maledictions through their chattering toeth. In truth', it waa piercingly cold. We had nearly reached tho bouso when an old, half-witted servant .of Monsieur Bernard's came running oat , to meot ns. "Mother of heaven, but I'm glad I'' be oriod. " I was soared to stay thora so long ; they are gone since this many hours." "GoneI" shouted Flint ; " who aro gone ?" " The men folks yonder. And they took with them the sweet miBtross, Mario." ' ; " Mario I" burst from my lips and those of ju. .oeriiaiu. i "Bat yes," said the old servant. '"Sher cried nil the way, bnt ho took her in his arms and hushed, her like a baby, and put her under lits cloak." '. - . . ; . «' Who ? "Who ?". we oried. : ''"Who but Mr. Cameron?" waB the reply. ' V, Anybody with wooden eyes could have -seen what was going on." Bernard railed his hands to heaven, then Bank upon tho snow. 1 remained with him. I was unable to go on ; besides it was use- ? lens. ' Th« men Boon carno buck. Tho house wan empty; tho birds had flown, .and with them had.gone my sweet little* dove. "What a madman ! had been t As tbe hoBtler had said, anyore could haye Reen the love in hon nyes'when'-she!>looked upon Cameron. I remnmbnred nówahnridrod sighs and glanées. Poor little Marie ! \ .L Monsieur Bernard divided ' his wrath and wrotohodneBB," as did tho / Jew of Venioe, . between his ducats and his daughter. Every mulo and pony weto taken from the ah-ada; it waa even impossible to pursuo tho fagi tiVBB. , Flint was livid with rage. "'WW obnld have betrayed us?" bo stid throhgh his clenched tooth, and half inclined to ana peat tbe roborable Bernard. ., A fortnight'later wo all w;mt our nnparato WIIJH ; but I nnv.flr shall forgot, gentlemen, tbe gaustB of Ohateloaflüo. 