TICK Jih i <JK MUSK CM. " Take eavo how you stop," says a cour- temis oiliuial, who luas preceded thu visitor up n staircase in one of tho houses in Scot- land-yurd ((lie loealu of the London jujlieo), tnnl uponed a door on the npiKir floor ; "wo are obliged to throw a great deal of tins about." The substauco in question is a disinfecting powder, inimical to " tlto liioui ; lug room is n uugc, naro-noorcd apartment, with barred windows, fitted up with wide shelves, which him divided into square compartments ; the contru is occu pied by a shelved stand, nls> divided into compartments, and their 'cop.t&iils; ' liliur.illy .nnnliloa '.vitii llio iH-|iorV:i(lin lur. Tho ronni ,s Uml In tfe nr.iclui lit Poycrty liykw f,;vm J" vlcts about to undergo their sentences are stowed away until they are re claimed by their owners ; tho stand in thu centre is a receptacle for objects of the "unlawful possession" class, to which a huge room upstairs is also dovotud. Overhead is tho "Black Museum," in which, during the lust three yuars, pieces do conviction, which until then had hcuti kept indiscrimin ately with thu other property of criminals, have huun arranged mid labelled, forming a ghastly, Hqualid, and suggestive show. On onteringtheloworroom, the visitor is struck by itsodd resemblance toaseedshop. Hun dreds of hooks stud tho rims nf tho shelves and thu sides of thocmupartmunls, and from thuin arc suspended hundreds of little pac kets, neatly made up in brown paper, tied with white twine, and severally distin guished by largo parchment labels, each hearing a neat inscription. Thu packets contain small articles takon from tho pri soners, who in duo course, after they are discharged from prison, will ho brought to Scotland -yard, will havo their portraits taken (by force, should they object to that process); tliu larger things arc de posited in the compartments of the shelves mid every item, no matter how insigni ficant, is entered in the proper registers. A motley collection are the larger articles, with a preponderance among them of grimy pocket-books and greasy purses — one trim and pretty hand basket strikes tlie visitor's eye — but thuro are valuable things in some of tlinso parcels ; and downstairs, in tliu officials' rooms, is a massive iron safe, fitted with sliding shelves, in whicli is kept a large collection of watches, _ rings, chains, pins, scent- bottles, pencil- cases, and other jewellery, Willed are ctlncr the law ful property of prisoners, or have been found in their unlawful possession and confiscated, hut for whom no owners have been discovered. Among the watches are some beautiful 1 specimens : one in particular, taken from | a eoBtenuonger, and of exquisite work- i nuinship and ornamentation, is valued at I fifty pounds. Tho .Prisoners' .Property room is scrupulously clean and tidy hut the 1 look of it is forlorn and squalid, the powder I lies thick on everything, and the scent of | moth and rot. is in the air. Great hales of olotli and woollen stuff occupy the sliolvus of the central stand ; they are shaken, and beaten, and turned, hut all to no avail ; l:iu umcu mm mo mi, nave got them, while Ihu prison has got tlie fnnncr un lawful possessors of them, mid tho un wholesome wcirdttuHH peculiar lo once worn, but. long unused garments is upon Hie articles of wearing appnvcl which are hung or folded up in the room. This im pression comes more strongly upon the \isitor when he goes up higher still, into fhe topmast apartment, where neaps ca cjni,inng hang against the walls, some new. some worn. A girl's while fur jacket behind the door is a mure nur sery for moths, a hunch of new boots of several sizes dangling from a peg at tlie end '»f a long string is all speckled with a measley niilduw; thu heaps of shawls have a draggled and furtive look, and some children's clothing have a touch of its inseparable prcttinoss. even here. Old books, n picture or two, some worthless (able ornaments, innumerable articles which could not be described or clnssud except as odds anil ends, form a portion of this col lection, which goes on accumulating, and which has no ultimate destination. I " What is to become of all this /" asks thu visitor, and is answered, to his surprise, that nobody knows; that tlie tilings are nobody's properly, and nobody has the power tu do anything with them— a piece of information which makes I liciu more ghastly and niyhtninrelike to the imagina tion than before. An ever-growing dust- heap, formed of thieves' clothing ami un lawful possessions, with nobody to cart it , nwoy, to distribute it, or bury it out of sight for evenuoru ; an accumulating ban- mid the rot — thu contents of those rooms are fur from pleasant to think of. It seems supremely ridiculous, hut it is a fact that nothing short of a legislative measure could rid tlie premises of these rotting garments out of whose every fold one might shake, with the dust, an imago of squalor, crime and punishment. Out side tiie door of the Jlluck Museum is a shelf, in the wall of tlie lauding place. The visitor passing it is aware of a huddled heap of dirty coats, a serge gown, and a coarse kind of rug, theskiiiofananiiim), with the red and white hair on. Under the shelf, on the floor, lies some rough packing-cloth, lie psisscs the heap earelesly — there'salittle I can full of disinfecting fluid on the same shelf — anil enters the M uscuni. What are his first impressions of it? They are various — thatitislikoabitout of a gamekeeper's room, with abiggur hit oulofasmith's forgo, a touch of a carpenter's workshop, a broad suggestion of a harness room, something of the marine-store complexion and a \- groat dual of its odour, a hint of the npen- . air stall in front of a pawnshop in a very I small way of business indeed, a little of i tliu havraok-rof mi gnu-rack, with no "bright barrels" enforced; a general air of lumber- i room, with just a dash of anatomical museum, hut above nil, and increasing ! with every nmmcnU prolonged ohserva- i tloii, a likeness to the cutlery booth in a foreign fair, with all the knives syuimefri- eallydispla)'ed,butiuiace:Mintab)vnistyaiid diin-li)ailcd,asif thehoothhadbceii shut up fur half a century, and the salesman ami his customers were all ghosts. Opposite tlie door, and on the face of (lie wall to thu right, are the objects displayed on a wooden shelf with iron legs, which convey to the visitor a hint, of the open air stall iit front of a pawnshop in a very small way of business indeed. A common little looking-glass, in a wooden frame, with a foot to it, four black glass Imlto/is, two wisps of rope, a pair of trumpery earrings ill a cardboard box, two bullets, a pipe, a cluster oi soil, now nun, ngm, ormvn nair, wound round a pail, a comb, a pocket- knife, ami a little wooden sfaAd covered with glass, are among tliu most noticeable articles. On the shelf to the right are a dirty Prayer-book, a pocket dictionary, a pair of hoots, a gaudy bag worked" in beads, and the crushed remains of a woman's bonnet, made of the com monest black lace, and flattened into shapolessness. In both these instances the other impressions of tlie place oeinu in too, for over the shelf fronting tho door hang workmen's tools, hammer, and cleaver, and spade, and beside Mutt on the right is just such a bundle as adorns the walls of tho Marine Store ; it cunsists of a gown and petticoat, of cheap, poor stuff, bear ing dreadful, dim stains, and a battered crinoline. Tho visitor is in presence of tho mean objects which perpetuate hero the memory of two peculiarly horrible crimes. Tho soft brown hair is lhat uf Harriot bum, tho buttons and tho car- rings are those whicli were found in the earth where her hotly had been buried, tho bullets wero taken out of bar skull, tho object under the glass- case \ sacred piece of her skin ','« pictod % . i<i«iitiii.:;-on' cZo liuily; 11.0 «-.»»- of lujr out o 40 oftrrii under tho warehouse, _..,o cleaver, tho hammer, and tho spado are tho implements with which tliu horrible deed whicli lud to the murderer's detection wove done. The knife was Thomas Wain- wright's, lho pipe win Henry's, and when tho visitor is loaving tho musomn ho will bo shown, in tho pnck-cluth on tho floor under tho shelf outside the door, tho wrapper in which tho dismembered body was packed ; and in one uf tho dirty coats \- a horrid thing, with its hideous rents and smears— Waimvright's vusturo on tho occasion. The coat of thu captain of tho " Lonnio," with tho gush in the cloth torn by the knife of his murderer, and eaten through and through with moth and rot. is not nearly so disgusting an object ; and as for the surge robo of that poor rogue, " Professor Zundavosta, " utul thohidecluak ofthceotiliscated "anatomical" wax African who grins awfully in one corner of tho museum, a real skeleton hand and arm considerably hidden behind him, they uro quite cheerful to look at in comparison. The prayer-book and the other pitiful objects upon the shelf to the right wero found on tho body of Maria ClouKon, tho hlood-and-mud-stained clothes worn liors, and they contrast with grim irony, as evi dences of an unpunished crime, with tho adjoining objects, which toll of one hrnlhur hanged, and tho other in penal servitude. Along thu wall on thu right side of tho room is ranged a choico collection of guns, crowbars, and " jummies "—the latter aro implements of tho housebreaking industry, which admit, of great variety, and are sus ceptible of highly artistic handling— and union" them is a pair of tongs, unevenly rusted, and with a dirtypaper-book, written all over with ineolieimit sentences, attached to it. Tho tongs arc those with whicli a man named Macdonald killed his wife about two yearn ago; the book is, it seems to thu visitor, a record of thu various phases of muti's insanity. Thuy hanged him, though, and also thu greater number of the pro- prietors oi ine norrid, mooned assortment of hammers, knives, including the bread, carving and pocket varieties— razors and pistols, which suggest, a cutler's booth in I a fair. There is dried blood on all the | knives ami razors, and on somu of tho i hammers, and every one of them slamls i for a murder or a suicidu; in a turrible number of casus, for tins murder of a wife by her husband. Suveral of tliu pistol, most beautiful weapons, are tlie instru ments of suicide, and each is labelled with thu name, date and place. Thu sample suicides are almost all among thu higher classes of society, ami when lho visitor asks how thu pistol with which a gcm.icmati oi wcami and siailoti snot, himself has conic pito the keeping of thu Museum, he is told: -"The family mostly do not like to have it, and so they ask Die police to take it away." In a cor ner hung the clothes of the Rev. J. Wat son, who murdered his wife at KtockwcII ; the horse-pistol with which lie shot her, ami the heavy hammer which ho bought to knock Die nails into Die cheat in which lie proposer! to hide her body. So care fully bad the murdorur washer! bis troiisem and his coat-sleeves that thu bhiorl-Htuins build only be discerned with difficulty at the time of the investigation. But since t lie coat ami trousers have been hanging on the Hiack Museum's walls, the stains have come out close and thick. " Wo many limes notice Lhul here," the visitor is cold. The frightful weapons used by Die lioiiitie mutineers are here, neatly ranged under the photograph of the ringleader, French i'cter,' ami a group of the whole gang of rullians, with a red ink mark on four heads among the number, to indicate those wbo were hanged. Hani by is a bundle of hitlers, forming Dm corres pondence which furnished much of tho evidence against Margaret Waturs, Die lmby - farmer. How much sin, shame, sorrow and cruelty that small dusty bundle i represents ! A small billycock but, with a mask fastened inside tho front rim, into which is packed a purse, a comforter, a small lantern, and a life-preserver, with a terrific knob of lead on it, is quite a cheerful object to turn to from all these grim relics of worse crimes, though the hltl"):Ll who fi irnii'vlv ,tvvn.»i 1 1,.. Uf.. server informed the police who seized, but also rescued liiin, having come up on hearing his cries when lie was caught be tween thu iron burs of a window through which lie was escaping, on a false alarm that, lie had thoroughly intended 'to "do for" any one who should interrupt him, with that convenient weapon. A bundle of flash notes, Hank of Elegance issue, for which therein a fixed price and a brisk sale on racuconrscs among bettors who can only read imperfectly or not ntali ; the conjur ing book of Professor Zendavesta, which always opened at the same page, tlie only one on which there is a worked horo scope ; Die wretched cheat's ill-spelled accounts, which reveal tlie stupendous credulity of Die neople, for thuy record an average of live hundred visitorsu week; ami tliu letters addressed to him, chiefly by women, at least sufficiently educated to know better ; these are almost amusing, after all that has been seen before. A. forged butting ticket, which got tho forger into trouble at the Nottingham races, is a curious and ingenious example of per verted cleverness. The forged ticket is identical with Die real one, to all appear ance. On very close inspection one seas that it is butter printed than Die genuine article. A huge assortment of burglar's ton's is not. the least, suggestive object here. The weapons uf the thieves' war upon society are models of good workmanship, and of the adaptation of means to ends. When ihu neatest centrobit of the car penter's simp is compared with tho deft, swift, noiselessly- working implement which goes into an iron shutter as a cheese monger's scoop does into n " fresh Dutch,'' when one looks at tlie wedges o I'moly- P'lUji. red steel, working between zinc side- bites ; at tlie two homo-made dark laiiLurns, contrived with extraordinary cleverness out of a mustard-tin, and a metal match liox respectively : at the rope-ladder ; the "beautiful little jemmy," in a carefully-buttoned red flan- mn viir»u —lhis small, powerful tool is made of a piece of a driving-wheel belonging to tho finest machinery, and tliu metal was, of course, stolen to make it— at tho bright, slender skeleton keys ; at tho footpads, which aro enough to make one start at. every creak of one's boards and stall's, however slight ; at Die Biifo-broaking tools, which make one think there's nothing like tlie old stocking in tlie thatch, after all — one is amazed at and sorry for tho misused cleverness ami perverted inven tiveness to whicli those tilings testify. Among the skeleton keys is one delicate little contrivance, which at a first glnnco one inight take for an ornament for a ludy n. chatelaine. Jt is in reality a double tustvumunt. for picking laccli-keyholes — one purl funning the key, the other lifting; the spring. This pretty trillo was made from tho brass chisp of a purso, and used with such success by the inventor that in a short time ho found himself in prison,. While turn is actually inside tho Black Museum, one cannot fool auuifiod at any thing; but, by Uie time qll0 has turned m.f-' Die Strand, the 'hnpvessitm of the 1 drearv rclNiiuirv of V.i.!i>n» li-ii f:n awav that uiw ,UI umilo at tho story told of the iium.Yaent simplicity of this poor, clovcv thief. "When lie was discharged from prison," said tho curator of the Black Musoum , as ho restored tho delicate dangling little bit of villinny to its place, "tho man came here, and asked us to let him have it buck!" 