CORRESPONDENCE. We do not necessarily endorse the opinionsof oar correspondents. REPLY TO MB. N. KINSMAN. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir.-- In your issue of Saturday last I find the first of a series of lectures, delivered by Mr. N. Kinsman, on "Signs of the Times; or the Victorian Free Church of England." As Mr. Kinsman goes out of his way to speak disrespectfully of the Church of England, I feel it my duty to' reply to him. I would do so from my own pulpit but I do not like to make it a standing ground for mere polemics. With your permission I will take up his first lecture, point by point, and through your columns state the real views of the church, for the benefit of your readers. I always thought that' Mr. Kinsman seceded from the Church of England be cause a majority of the church people of Collingwood desired a clergyman instead of a layman, for their minister. Be that as it may, Mr. Kinsman, and those that seceded with him, committed the great sin of schism, and it now appears that they have laid violent hands on "the Book of Common Prayer," and done what wiser and 1 better men have refrained from doing, via., alter it. In order that we may understand each other, I ask Mr. Kinsman, by whom was he called, examined, and ordained to the pastoral office ? I will also ask if it is con- I sistent on his part to fill a dual position, receiving payment for both. Nearly all churches, certainly all with a Liturgy, , solemnly ordain and then send men to their work. Not so apparently, with this so-called 4 Free Church, as Mr. Kinsman appears to combine in his own person the offices of bishop, priest, deacon, representative, and trustee, and yet with a strange inconsis tency his first alteration in the Exhortation is a substitution of the word " with" for 1 "after'" to make them all one, and "to strike at the very root of priestly authority." Well, sir, Mr. Kinsman must have been looking through colored spectacles when he saw anything priestly in the word "after." Did he assume any priestly authority when he read it every Sunday in the old school room in Regent-street ? Do the scores of licensed laymen think that they have priestly authority when they officiate in our churches ? Do the deacons even assume it when they are engaged in their holy work? The fact is, whoever reads it is only the leader of the congregation, just as Mr. Kinsman is the leader of his own flock, or as the choir leads the praises of the people. So much for his first blow, it is certainly a painless one, and I have no doubt mother church will survive it. Mr. Kinsman next deals with the " Abso lution," and strikes out all the words from " and hath" down to "sins," because he considers them "a stepping stone to the Absolution in the Visitation of the sick." At the same time he considers the part he omits harmless. Sir, I ask what is a clergyman for, if he cannot pronounce and declare to "His (i.e. God's) people being penitent the Absolution and remission of their sins." If Mr. Kinsman had given his audienoe the benefit of the next sen tence, he would have cut away the ground from under his feet By omitting it he stopped the Prayer Book from declaringits true Protestant character. Allow it to speak now. "He (i.e. God) pardoneth, and absolveth all them that truly repent, and unfeignedly believe His Holy Gospel." The whole of the prayer sets before penitent believers God's forgiveness. A very little attention indeed to the pronouns will show anyone that God, and God alone, is re ferred to as forgiving sins. The dialougne between Romanist and Churchman is very far fetched indeed, and being no part of Prayer Book, I am not concerned about it, beyond asking if it is at all likely that any Roman Catholic would use the following words :-" I don't think that the priest or any man can forgive sins." The idea is preposterous. Mr. Kinsman then says, "anyone can read the following extract from the Prayer Book." Well, I suppose they can, and I only hope that all will read it to better advantage than Mr. Kinsman ap pears to have done. I am very sorry, for his sake, that he did not read correctly. If he had allowed the Prayer Book to tell its own tale, the matter would have appeared in a different light. Again I must ask you to allow me to supply what he has omitted, "Rubric. Here shall the sick person be moved to make a special confession of his sins, if he feels his conscience troubled with any weighty matter. After which confes sion the priest shall absolve him (if he humbly and heartily desire it) after this sort:-Prayer. Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to His church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him, of His great mercy forgive thee thine offences, andby His authority committed to me I absolve thee from all thy sins in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." This is the prayer Mr. Kinsman abominates. The attentive reader will see that the confession is an exceptional one, and for a sick: person only, and in his own~chamber. Nay, more than that, he need not confess unless he feel his conscience troubled with any weighty matter; even then the priest cannot absolve him unless the sick man heartily desire it. I will now deal with the prayer itself. Article XX of our Church I says:-" The Church may not expound one p place of Scripture that it be repugnant to another." This also holds good when dealing with the Prayer Book. I ask your readers to examine carefully the prayer from "our Lord" down to "offences:' The minister then authoritatively declares God's forgiveness. This is nothing more than what Mr. Kinsman would say in other words. Take, for instance, the well-known passage, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." I ask what is this but a declaration of the fact that if a man believes in Christ his salvation is certain? I do not think that any church. man need be speechless after this, Mr. Kinsman's far-fetched anecdote notwith standing. The facts Mr. Kinsman produces are not to the point, simply because he speaks about a book the church knows nothing of. I have no doubt but that the Lord Bishop of Tasmania is able to take care both of himself and his diocese. The church, however, is no more answerable for the private opinion of the Bishop alluded to, than is Mr. Kinsman for the conduct of those people who tried to keep him out of the Free Church a little time ago. News paper reports are not the authorised standards of the church, and I, for one, re fuse to interpret the latter by the former. I will, however, reproduce part of an ex tract given by Mr. Kinsman: "We are sure that no one can forgive sins, but God only, but we also believe that God hath given power and commandment to His ministers to declare and pronounce to His people being penitent the absolution and remission of their sins." To the above, I unhesitating say. Amen. And now I charge Mr. Kinsman, and those with him, with tampering with and miitilating one of the best creeds-in Christendom. "They have," he says, "struck out of the Apostles' Creed the words "He descend .d into hell," because they believe that he did not descend into hell, where the devil and lost spirits are, but to Paradise. Why, sir, this is the very doctrine of the Church, and of the Creed too, as it stands in our Prayer Book. On this very point our Catechism. broken into short sentences, says:-" Question, What do you mean by the word hell? Answer, Not a place of torment but a place of: departed souls (Hades)." Can anything be plainer than this? Again, Mr. Kinsman says, "Christ's own words set the matter at rest, and plainly show that not only His spirit but the soul of the dying thief went to heaven. Luke xxiii, 42.43, 'And he said unto Jesus. Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom. And Jesus said unto him Verily, I say unto thee, To-day shalt thou be with me in paradise."' If I read this aright Christ went to paradise and not to heaven, aye and came back again, too I will ask your readers to carefully con sider the above passage with the two fol lowing ones, John XX 17, "Jesus said unto her. Touch me not, for I am not yet ascended to my Father, but go to my brethren and asy unto them, I ascend unto my Father and your Father, and to my God and your God." Acts I, 11, "Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven ? This same Jesus which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven:'." Sir, it is quite evident that Mr. Kinsman cannot grasp the doctrines of our beloved Zion, or he never would have uttered the words, and yet in the face of this, the United Church of England and Ireland teach the contrary. I am. &c.;, INCUMBENT. St. Philip's, March 13th, 1878. To be continued. 