A POPE BUT NO KING. It is presumptuous-, the Ultramontanes say, to speculate as to the future policy of the Papacy, The profane world may be assured that the Holy Ghost will have guided the ! Con clave; in its choice of a Pope, and that, there fore, the policy of the successor of Pius IX. will be the same as that of his predecessor. He will.be reputed equally infallible and, as a Parisian journalist remarks, Catholics are bound it A »l A_ L f t v aooj/uuu Aiuou w whatever ae may say, even were he to declare that two and two make y$n, . or, as Ignatius Loyola long since said, that white is black, and black white. Will ."Catholics" always do thus? .The Italian Opinione, in commenting upon the death; of Pius IX. , says — V The action of the Jesuits was visible, in the spiritual policy of Pius IX. It was apparently sought to captivate .the ignorant by ceremonies, visions of Madonnas, and magical oures ; but that is not the religion that suits our age, corroded by scepticism and thirsting for .positive knowledge. Will the new Pope meet the evil by raising a banner that - answers the moral wants and spiritual aspirations of our time ? Should the new Pope free the con sciences of the faithful from Jesuitism and superstition, faith will revive ; otherwise Catholicism will die away." Time is likely to attest the truth of this Rom an writer's words. The acts by which Pius IX. revolutionised his Church, as M. Jean Lemoinne says in the Journal des Ddbats, would not have been possible had religious faith been as vivid and as general in Catholic nations as some Englishmen are apt to imagine it to be. If the Syllabus and the dogmas of the Immaculate Conception and of the Papal infallibility " fell upon Christendom as stones in a dead sea, only to be noiselessly enclosed by the waters of in difference," it was that the majority of Catho lics were unbelievers in the divine mission of the Church to which they professed to adhere. It was, as some of them have been known to say, that, caring for no single article of their faith, they might fairly tolerate all. .. The absence of religious belief in. many nominal Catholics is .not one of the least items of strength in the Papal system. Such men, wrapped up in apathy or absorbed by material istic pursuits, are not , likely to confront the Papacy and: to. call it to account for misleading, .their brethren. . It must not be forgotten that the man who two , centuries ago attacked - the theology; of , the J esuits — now the accepted the- ology of " the Catholic Church" — the man who, with unrivalled eloquence and vigour, exposed the immorality, of- tho doctrinal teaching; of "the .sons of Ignatius Loyola — the great; Pascal— was a sincere, believer in the truths of Christianity. (In -the. present century Pascal would . be .- a seceder from the, Church to which he ; was jthrough life sincerely attached. - , It is upon the indifferent and upon the.igno- raut masses ; that; the , astute, priests', of,;; the Vatican, most rely, in the carrying? out of j their schemes.., They know how to secure the; allegi ance of j the., waverer and . of the. -sceptic, ;,by favouring their material interests, and by- hold ing out '.to. their view, the final triumph of ,the cause in which ;they would enlist jtheir services. There is, perhaps at this- hour, not one . Italian - .Cardinal who does not clearly see teat "the last .Pope; King lies, in , his grave, ., and' teat with ,him .the temporal supremacy. ;of,;.th0 Papal Church, i entombed. , , Yet no ... -Cardinal will,- acknowledge that it is so. -;,;,,v'.-V( ,'.. "1, " . y? Since one of; the last official acts.of the dying Pins . IX. .".-.was : to protest- against; what , the -Ultramontanes -term , the usurpation of King Humbert, , it is, scarcely to be expected that there, will be, under the new Pontiff, any open re nunciation .of 'the temporal claims of the Papacy. Everywhere the language of Ulti-amontanism is that of . bitterness and invective, and of . prog-, nostications. of their own coming triumph. ; r;'5:,Tlie Church," Cardinal Callen declares,, in a pastoral letter on the death of the Pope, "is assailed on every side, and all tlie powers Vof earth are leagued against her.". The Irish Cardinal might, one would be inclined to think; have excepted. England from .this charge. England certainly does not assail the Cardinal's' Church. Nay, she appears not at all unwilling to yield to it in some of the matters which Car dinal Cullen appears to have just , nowmiost at heart/ Cardinal Cullen is /laying claim to ex traordinary privileges . in ; the. ; matter of "Catholic education." Whilst, he repeats in his country's ear the romantic tale of . Irish, culture in the good old times, he seems to have lost sight of the-, fact that - his CJhurch has, in modern times, / studiously kept the people in ig norance, wlierever it has been possible to do so. Ireland, as priests.less Ultramontane than Car dinal Cullen have admitted, owes much to England's efforts in the cause of education. It is a shere calumny on the British Government to assert, as a Popish journal hesitates not to do, that " the Catholic of Ireland are, in the matter of education, under as severe a penal law as .-any that existed in the reign of Queen Anne." The Ultramontanes appear to have noted, as a sign of their own preponderating influence, "the kindly and sympathetic" tone of the non-Catholic Press, both in Ireland and in England, in reference to the death of Pius IX. and to his pontifical career. _ In the moderation evinced by the general comments on the subject, not in the United Kingdom only but on the Continent, there is that which it behoves tlie Vaticanists to discern. The overthrow of the Temporal power of the Papacy is now universally viewed as an accom plished fact. The Divine attributes, the trans- cendanf virtues, with which his partisans have endowed the late Pope, did not preserve his rule. The world looks with pity on the fallen. Phophktic.— Lord Lytton in his " Parisian' says that Englishmen in general are nor very reflective politicians in foreign affairs ; he then continues to speak of the position of Germany and France and makes one or two observations which would lead us, to believe that the gift of prophecy still existed among the sons of men; "Reflective politicians must see that France could not, without alarm, the most justifiable, contemplate a cordon of hostile states being drawn around her on all sides, — Germany in itself so formidable since the field of Sadowa in the east ; German prince in the south west ; the not improbable alliance between Prussia and the Italian kingdom, already so alienated from the French to which, it owes so - much. If England would be uneasy were a great maritime power possessed of Antwerp, how much-.more un easy might France justly be, if Prussia could add the arms of Spain to those of Germany, and launch them upon France" The italics are our own ; the possibilities thus sketched out, are now probabilities. Italy is drawing daily closer to Prassia. Prussia longs for Antwerp, and her longing has even gone so far as hinting at her desire, while everybody, knowB that it is more than surmised that Germany has bid for Spanish assistance in case of future .war with France, by offering to help her to get back Gibraltar, and to attack Portugal. To Dry Pumpkins. — Cut the Pumpkins through laterally, clean the inside ; then continue to cut, in the direction as before, rings about half an inch thick. Cut off the rind and hang the rings on a pole in the sun, or warm room to dry. When dried it will keep a year. It is to bo boiled in plenty of water until tender ; then skimmed out and prepared for pies, the same as undried pumpkins. Another Way. — Take the ripe pumpkins, pare, cut into small pieces, stew soft, mash and strain through a colander, as if for making pies. Spread this pulp on plates, in layers not quite an inch thick ; diy it in the stove oven, which should be kept at a low temperature as not to scorch it. In about a day it will become dry and crisp. The sheets thus made can be stowed in a dry place, and they are always ready for pies and sauces. The quiclc drying after cooking prevents any portion from slightly souring, as is nearly always the case when the uncooked pieces .are dried, the flavour is. much better preserved, and the after cooking is saved., ;To : use— Soak pieces over night in a little milk, and. - they will , return to a nice pulp as, delicious as the'fresh pumpkin. Pureed of Potatoes.— Tliis : differs from mashed' 'potatbes only -in the -employment of more milk - and ' butter,1 , -and in, the whole being carefully reduced to a' perfectly smooth, thick, ' cream-like mixture. Where, economy is a, great object,1 arid' where ricli dishes: are not desired, tlie ' following' is an. aiclinirable mode of. mashing .potatoes. Eoil thein till thoroughly done, liavmg. added: a handful of salt; to tli® water, tlien di-y. ,them well, and with two forks placed : back to '-back, : beat the wliole up until' no i lumps .-are , left. If done' rapidly;;- potatoes ' thus cooked are. extremely light and digestible.' ; Pocket-/ 'Mvcni&GBBoti; one pound of the best ' white 1 glue and strain very clear ; boil "also- foiu;:'6imces' of isinglass,' aiidlmix tlie twb togetber / . place ' them on a water- bath ' withTlialf 'aj poimd of / white sugar, and eyai).orate,tte,teri!Lqriid isiquiteithick, wlien it' is. to he .p'b.ured'tetevte;®®'; and dried .to,' carry 'it, -in th'ejpocket; . Tlris- iriucilage win immediately dissolve in water, and fasten paper. yeiy firmly. ; ; ' .-'.Potatoes .Souffiees/— Tlie delicious blis tered potatoes are prepared-- as follows i-.; Tlie potatoes if. small iare simply.'; erit " in; 'halves ; if large cut - in ' three or ' more -'slices- p these ai'e fried iiV the usual;1 way bii¥ are takeii oiit before .they -are' 'quite 'done, arid set' aside to get cold ; 1 when; wmiteel they' ''ate fried a second timp,,- but - only,' imtil. tliey are .of a light. golden colour not broivn,r..v; . j' How!.: to . Clean, eajip Chijeneys. —Most people in- cleaning lamp .chimneys use either : it ; brush; inade of bristles .twisted into a wir e, or a rag on the point of scissors: V Both of : these: are bad; ;rt for without - great care,- - the I wire) i or - scissors, ; will, scratch ? 'the : glass ; as. 'a i diamond does,'. wbibh- undei-. 'the expansive ' power of. heat,'-, soon; breaks,'® as all scratched; glass will; 'If : you ' want ' a rieat ;'littlo tiring .tlmt costs lmthmgj .arid wiU save ybui glass, . tie! a piece . of soft sponge the size of your clriniriey to a .pirie stick. 