) OUR AMITBUR T IB AURIGA LS AT J ) BOOLONGI-. ' Ilo jests at scars who never felt a wound — Romeo. One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, ' of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, ) was when he made his first and only appearance <as fan y actor at. a private amateur theatrical entertainment athis . own bouse in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad conceived that he was born to he an actor— to tread the boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ( peculiar dehut. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney , managers unwilling lo give a perfect novice with blearing red hair, and a tium-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their .several theatres,- he resolved to " take the bull by the, horns" and get u > a company of his own down ' at his place at Bbolong, , He went' to ehbrmous expense I inbuilding a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having I sceiiery painted— for Banbury was determined; to do the thing well and in'tip-top style.. Hs got together: a kind of scratch coihpany, niany of them like himself; r. a w am- hitibirs amajteurs,' eager " to fret, their hour.' ripon. the ' stage," and one or two see ly oiitcasts pi' the profession; i aud helooked forward'to the proluetioii of his pet play, , " Hamlet,'' himself; as the Prince, with mncti excitement, pot unalloj'ed with pleasure. The amateurs,- after about a ' ihontbls constarrkirehearsal, were pretty perfect in their > wor.ds;before the curtain went up,-but after it did most of thern forgot them. The scenery' hitched ; the .Ghost was ) iiitoxicated, and the Xmy likewise ; Ophelia, wl amateur, burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen lines. BanhuryAvas roared at by the local personages who ) asseinhled to assist at the amateiir performance. But thii . was'nob thejW.orst,,for Banbury found that when the bills came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, ( and he could riot' ineet them; " The fellows," he used to say, . alio werl me to.hayerwhatever l.wantcd. on creel it, because they knew'that my rich- uncle in' Adelaide, a strict Method- I ist, .woulcl: pay,them, ,but I|knew. very well he would do no .such'thing Avhen.h'e fduiid they ..were fo.r , theatrical trap- ' pimgsj.fOT. if there Avaibae thing he herd iri abhorreuco it I wa's'the theatre...';'.;V/Vhat"vvas he.tp do,?. His uucle \vould disinherit him, Uim.hina out of the house he had furnished for hitri, and send hirri" adrift on the world. ;\Vhat was he; to do ? " His'creditors' \youid not Avait and . he would be a miserable pauper. But for all .this he did not lose his house, and his. poor uncle's fdrturie is in the bank in his name, Ithariks t'O; the timely' aid of 6oc who is a friend to the draiua as well as to thf rest of the world, who advanced ' him the me'edfiil. Need we say bis name. No ; all know I him 1 But .Aye .may as, well remark it was the champion of the distressed, . ; : . ' DAVID- HENRY, of 52l Oolliiis street east, ' Who has from £5 to dS 10,000 tolend bri. liotes of hand, bills I of sale (with or withoub"securiby), salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill: of ' lading, legacies, goods, ' merchandise, on expected remittances, or "on moneys per- . sons may be fentltied to f rom England- and .elsewhere, etc.; i repayable to suit the cbuveriierice of borrowers. Bills diseouuted.daily at the lowest rate of interest, and ) mortgages from- Olper cent. . 