GENERAL NEWS. His Excellency the Governor •will hold a levee at noon to morrow, and Lady Jeryois a ' drawing room at 3 o'clock. Those gentlemen : who have the privilege of private entree will be received at a quarter before 12 o'clock, and the general public at 12. Gen tlemen not appearing in any official costume are expected to wear full e vening dress. At the drawing-room tit is requested' that ladies will " -attend in morning costume, while gentlemen accompanying them are also to wear morning: dress; A detachment consisting of 103; volun teers from the city companies,- under Captain Gretton, will be stationed at Government House' as a guard of honor during the levee. The Military Band, under Lieutenant. Oughton, will ' also be in attendance. Amotion is to be sub emitted in.the Assembly this afternoon for an adjournment'over to-nlorrow, in consequence of the levee. The public offices are to be closed to-inorrow'at half-past 11 o'clock; The District Officers of the G.TJ.O.O.F. are invitingithe.representatives of city and. • suburban Lodges to. meet with them'to-morrow night to arrange as to a picnic daring thes'um mer holidays. • ;We have already, published a paragraph - with reference to a band of thieves having arrived in Adelaide from Melbourne. AVhat the police wish particularly to do is to .caution persons againBt leaving their houses empty. Superintendent Peterswald informs us that ■ the thieves are not 'burglars, but that'they watch people go out of their houses and then enter them.' ' : '■ ' Messrs. S. Barnard & Co. have just im- ported from India, a thoroughbred Arab entire, for public service in Adelaide and the suburbs. This valuable animal; which arrived by the s.s. Aldinga, from Melbourne, on Tuesday morning, is of very high breeding, possessing great bone power and good muscular development, and is a class of horse not easily procurable in India, and but seldom seen in the colonies. He will be the only Arab stallion in South Australia that is available for public purposes, and at present may be seen at the Royal Horse Bazaar. The "fallowing is Tuesday, morning's weather'report on the Adelaide and Port Dar- win' Telegraph line:—Beltana, moderate, clear, fine i1 Strangyvays. Springs, calm, clear, fine, pleasant'; Peake, light, clear, fine; Charlotte Waters, calm, clear/fine; Alice Springs, calm, - clear, fine; Barrow. Creek, moderate; clear, fine, cool ; Tennant Creek, light, clondy, warm; Powell Creek, calm, few clouds, pleasant; Daly Waters, calm, clear, fine, pleasant; Katherine, calm, cloudy, fine; .Pine. Creek; lightj cloudy; Yam Creek, light, clear, fine, pleasant ; Southport, light, clear, fine, warm; Port Darwin, very light, clear, fine, warm. The telegraphic news from Europe is not very encouraging. The Porte has abso lutely refused the cession of territory to Greece, as proposed by the Congress, and it is to be feared this refusal will be the prelude-of a Greco- Turkish war. The Austrians have gained another victory in the Herzegovina, and are extending the mobilization of their forces.: The Russian Government are issuing - a new loan, and in place of withdrawing their forces from Turkey are preparing to send' fresh troops to San Stefano in lieu of those which have already left that place. This looks as if the stay of the English fleet at Prince's Islands was destined to bea prolonged one. Most likely it is consequent on this probability that the rumor of the- cession of the Island; of Tenedes to Great Britain - has 'been! again reviyed. Lying at ' thei 'ehtrahcieCItoi Besika Bay, the island . was found most; useful as "a-depot for stores to the British fleet' when'lying in that roadstead. Its small size,; however,'' and position render it valueless to; Englafid w;hen the fleet is withdrawn from jthej •Sea of--Marmora.' It is not/likely; therefore,' that any formal cession of '- the island has been asked "for;- It is gratifying tb observe that the arrangements between Great' Britain and the. Porte for carrying out' the much-needed reforms: in the administration' ofr Asia-Minor are com-! pleted. ' The.,announcement of the stoppage of the Wallaroo Mines has caused a serious fail in Moontas, which were offered for sale at £8 15s„ £810s., and even £8 during Monday. The number of passengers carried by-thej Adelaide and Suburban Tramway /Company, during the week which ended on August 21 was! 15,996, being an increase of 1,867 on the pre-! vious week. ; \- We have received from the Secretary,' Mr. J. Ind, a copy of the rules adopted by the: Shearers' Union. We understand that the1 Union is now prepared to supply shearing sheds with the necessary hands. j A writer in London Truth saysI; beg to draw attention to Zechariah viii.,; 23, in which, methinks, I see a prophecy of the Berlin Congress. The words of the text are these:— ' In those days it shall come to pass that ten men shall, take hold of all languages of the nations, even shall take hold of the skirt of him! that is a Jew, saying, we will go with you," . -/A/-meetiiig. of #ie shareholders- in the J /B,ort Adelaide;ifewspaper and Printing Com pany; was "helcl at Mr. -Selth's office, McLaren: -Wharfj.on-Monday af ternoon,-Augast-26.--The { < objectAf: the «ieeting-was to bon&rini; orAther- i ^wiSalanresblution ipassed at .a previous meeting; ita. windtiup'the Company.« ? On'Monday' it5 wis j decided'to.-'adjoUrn'the'jneeting -for a.few'days ; tblsfeeiif arrangements could not be made for 1 continuing the Company. ' Aii interesting fathering toOk pIace- .on... Saturdays August 24^ at^'the.. Exchamge^^otel, "Hindley-street, where the;emStoyd&'of Messrs,\ Jffarrord' Mrj W. Letehford,'wlio is leaving that firij after, -m.any years'. service.'. After expressing then? \kifid wishes for-that gentleman's. welfare, raud their appreciation of his business abilities, his -health was drunk. He was then presented witina testimonial -and a valuable gold- looked and "chain. "" " " <: -k • j r \v i s r -•'■ * • The Areas Express of August 24 states' that" Mr. W. Garter, and his little.soa- had a carrowescape from death by hurnihg on Thurs day, evening last. Mr. Carter is engaged in ploughing operations on the Booyoolie Estate, and . has a tent erected in which lie sleeps. During Thursday night some embers from the camp-fire must have been blown against the tarpaulin,. which ignited, and Mr. Carter was only awakened by the heat and sihoke.'- He immediately rescued, his son. from his perilous position, but in doing so severely burned his hand and leg. The tent was completely de stroyed." • ■ "• j "Mr.Oswald Brown, the hydraulic engi neer, arrived, at: Mount Gatnbier on Thursday, August 22," states,the Border Watch,}'.to make an examination of the proposed site for the Waterworks. He was met .by Mr. Rogers, C.E., yesterday morning. - He is satisfied there will be no difficulty in getting an adequate water "supply from "the Y alley Lake, and will recom mend that the necessary pipes be. at once ordered.* Oh, analysis in Adelaide the water of the- Valley Lake was found to be considerably purer.than that supplied to the citizens of Ade laide. . The pumping works will he just behind the Hospital, where the Lake is about 60 feet deep.", An extraordinary general meeting of the Adelaide and .Hiudmarsh Tramway Company Was held in "White's Arbitration Rcpm on Monday afternoon for the purpose of consider ing the necessity of increasing the capital of the Company; It was explained that the Com pany had not taken up shares, in the Company so liberally as it was first expected they Would. Out of the original. 5.000 shares only 4,000 had been applied for. The estimated cost of the line to Hindmarsh was £15,000,-and as the . Directors had only £12,000 in hand they did nob feel themselves justified in going "on; with the work until they had more capital. It" Was also thought that the tramway should he; extended to Kircaldy Beach to make.it a paying line, and the Directors urged that an increase, of capital was necessary for that purpose. It Was resolved that the present capital of the Company should be increased by the issue of 5.000 new shares of £3 each. This resolution will have to be con firmed before new shares can be called up. * .A .meeting of the., Committee of the Aborigines',Friends' Association was held at the South Australian Company's Office on Thursday August 22. There were present the Rev. F. W. Cox (in the chair), the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, Messrs. H. Hammond, H. Hussey, N.Oldham, J, Pickering, sen.j and Jas. Scott, the Rev. Geo. Taplin (Superintendent), and Mr. C. J. Holder (Hon. Secretary). The Secretary reported that he had received from the Superintendent several communications referring .to, a .memorial pre sented to the Government, which had- for its object the removal of a halfcaste named George Muokray from some land which he is occupying near East , Wellington under the Crown Lands .Consolidation Act, 1877, to some, other place, and containing some facts relating thereto, together with, a request that the Association would take . the , matter; up With a. view to obtaining for Muekray a confirmation of his occupation; and that he had written to the Superintendent advising him of these, facts, and asking that the.request might receive due con sideration at the hands of the Government., The ■ | Committee approved of the action taken by the Secretary. A.recommendation from the Finance Committee for various jjwqrks, including the erection of five miles of fencing and formation of a tank, at an estimated cost of £170, and re pairs to schoolroom of £25 was adopted. A statement of probable revenue and expenditure as the basis of the year's operations was con sidered and adopted. The report for presenta tion at the coming annual meeting was read, and also adopted. It was of a very satisfactory character. - .... y _ .At the meeting of the .Council of Educa tion, .on Monday. a great deal of business was disposed of. In the case of the Hindniarsh School contract, and the action.-of! the Minister, in reversing the decision ;jof the Council, a long statement containing a protest was brought forward by Mr. Barlow and nnani mbusly agreed to by the Council. The state ment is to be forwarded to the Minister of Education. " Mr. Minns's case again came on for consideration; A letter was received from him in which he declined to apologise for his con duct : in reference to withholding certain papers froin the . Council. The Council refused to .grant his request that his dismissal might ■ be; rescinded and liis resignation ac cepted; ~ A ' very satisfactory report was received from Inspector Burgan as to the North Adelaide School. The very high percentage of 95*2 was obtained in the infant department. The Head Master, Mr. Gill, also wrote, asking the Council to sanction the discontinuance of the admission of fresh scholars in the boys' de partment, which was full. He was instructed only to admit residents in North Adelaide. In accordance with the suggestion of the Minister Mrs. Etheridge's name was placed on the list of recommendations for retiring allowances. In the matter of the application for further addi tions to-the TJraidla- School the President re ported that the proposed additions were not sufficient. A suggestion was received from the Minister that the Council should take steps to establish "an advanced school for girls. The matter was allowed to stand over for a week. The President said* he believed the Flinders street School would be ready for opening by about September 15. " At about 7 o'clock on Friday "morning, August 23," sajs the ' Border Watch, " Roger Gorman j a wheelwright in the employ of Messrs. Baxratt & Andrews, whilst taking a walk before going to work, looked into the cave behind the Institute Hall to see. whether the body of the misBing- man' Robert Whyte might not be obervable in it,-the suspicions of the missing man's employers and'fellow-workmen having been_ all.along directed to that hole, He saw floating, "at a distance of about eight feet from the edge of the water, a small solitary object, and going down to the edge thought it looked like a human head, but in-the dim light of the cave was not ; sure. He ascended to the top, • and got; a man from Mr. T. Barratt's boarding-house to accompany him to the cave. - On making a careful examination they found that the floating object was really a man's head. Gorman at en'ce informed his em ployers of the discovery,'and 'communicated w; th the police, and Trooper Davis," Constable Wall, and Corporal Dunne went' to the cave and drew the body to the surface;' It was covered!by a shirt and trousers only, and was identified as that of Whyte, so that the surmise that he had left his lodgings " only partially dressed'was correct. The body was not much decomposed. It was removed to the Polica Station, where an inquest was held by His Worship: the: Mayor in the afternoon. The Jury found a verdict as follows:—" That the deceased, Robt.Wbyie, came tohis death by drowning while laboring under a .fit of temporafyinsanity, caused through drink." The cave was dragged: two days after W;hyto : disappeared, but there being logs at the bottom one of the drags was lost,--and nothing could be ■ fiBhed up. Daily since: his disappearance the police and .parties have been out searching in "the neighborhood, and nearly every, .accessible well and cave has been 1 searched and dragged; Tfie parents of the deceased live in.Melbourne, and bis father and brother arrived here by coach yesterday '-afternoon: The young "man was much liked' by his employers ■" and -fellow workmen, his only besetting vice being drunken ness." TKe National Bank . of Australasia has established a branch at Quorn. . *• " ■ s Sports of a varied character, including a two-mile race for a Champion Qup valued at £20, areto take.place at the Bent-street. Skating Rink this evening, . , . ' . . The third of the-series of lectures on ^ Elementary Physiology" in connection with the Adelaide University is to be delivered by Dr. Thomas at the Stow Church Lecture Hall this evening. There was a good attendance at White's RoomsJ on Monday evening to witness Mr. Rainford's Ghost illusions. The programme was well carried out, and enjoyed by the audience. r . The weights for the1 .principal events in the Hunt Club Meeting at Morphetville on September 21 were posted on Monday, August 26\. In the Hunt Cup Sheet Anchor' heads, the list at 12,st. 10lbs., and, Glencoe has the lightest ■ weight at 10 st. • • _ Afadame Tasca, tie emdnfent pianisie;'will; give her - second concert .at the Town' Half this; eveningf -She will be- assisted-by those'ladies i and gentlemen who were so enthusiastically re-j ceived at ther first; enteftainmenti and loyers ofi mtisic Will, .we are sure, enjoy the genuine1 treat i the concert will afford. 