FLOTSAM. " The delioious trouble of the Spring has set in. Hues of fairyland, of delicate emerald, roseate white (Hibernice), mellowest gold and daintiest peach bl088om L tint hiilsi^e and valldy, breathing odorous promise of a'plenteous'fruitage.' Bar rain, arid 'tis a glorious seaeon for, walking: at least I found it so en Sunday last, when I strolled over the mount yolept Constitution, to the little hsonlet of Toongabbio, nestling .in a wiinkle of the bills ; ' drank in the pleasant ooolhess of the weather and the balmy &agranoe; of .the wattles.. On the road I met not" a few happy couples who appeared ID be efqoyinjg themselves, ~ '' • Mr. Tennyson,' 'fin the spring a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love," and if 'tis fair to judge by the looks of.the female, 'units ofthe philandering .pairs I^net, I might fidi to' the laureate's yietv of^thb ; question-—that 3he young .girls' fancie.B have. a natural turn tj)e same Airection, and no blame to them J . In strolling around U js itopossible to avoid contrasting withVthe .many wsll- ordered homes' of peace and prosperity the not . inuumerous ill-kept 'slovenly places where weeds, and decay .alonethrive: and the thoughtwiU/rise thftt a' tax on neglected homesteads ^nd desolate jfljp}4S 'might doA ideal of good. It's Very hard en a p&ypful; methodical rnan who take's Van interest hi his orchard and vineyard/ and loves his garden' as the apple of his eye, to have as a .neighbour, a careless, thriftless fellow, who propagates weeds witk undepjfttjnff indo' .fence and immense, success, ;and by hjs .masterly inactivity prepares the conditions for the development of blight and the bd- •ant of phylloxera. . . If Spring be Teally comrn»nced,a simple •ailoubttion will ipake it quite cloar to (lie mathemaUcal mind that summer won't be more than |hree months a-coming rou^d. Are the local anthoricies of the Cumberland municipalities preparing for its approach, by spurring their inspectors of nuisances to prompt action in re choked drains and piethorio oesspoDls, and by making healthy provision (" stitolies in tune") for the dog- days, Heaven help us all, if tliey qiri't Oivsn ftB factors dirty back-yards, fijll OBBSpools, and the estival sun's peipendicular rays, and a simple way&rina; man can calculate the product, to wtt—-zymotlc disease in its worst forms. \- - So many men so many opinions—and its a good deal the best'that it is so. My notion of-consistency doesn't by any means go bn all fours with Mr. Alderman Taylor's. He can reconcile it to MB conscience' to vote one minute in the Parramatta Borough Council Chamber that a certain draft Bill sball not be adopted; and then, the very next, t^p .undertake to do his .level beat as senior member for Parramatta, not merely to formally present a petition to the. Assembly for leave to introduce the bill in question, but to do all in his power to secure - the passing of the measure through the> august chamber of wbich he is so distinguished an ornament. As a senator he doesn't mind helping to pass an Act, which, as one of the Paramatta city' fathers he believes (that is if his vote in his municipal capacity expresses anything) is { not calculated to promote the interests of the borough he represents i Buskin tells us tLat peoples at the zenith of their civilization are oiten at the nadir of their faith. And might we not as proof of the truth of his remark take Sydney, with its torpedo corps, its electrio light, its philosophic liberalism, its rhetorical " jingo- ism "-^-Sydney, which while boasting these crowning glories of latter-day civilization, contains, nevertheless, believers in table-rapping, Rochester knoekings, and all the mischievous tomfoolery of spiritualism. Common-sense, now an article little affected by the „ " ism-blatherers," surely suggests to the reasonable man that if' the beings of the spirit world be in communion with us, who still are clothed upon by mortality, that they would signify their desire to be en rapport with us (I don't mean a pun), by spiritual means, and not by material meddling with one's furniture. As the poet writes— ' " Those whom we call the dead, Are breathers of an ampler day, ' For ever nobler ends," and are not likely to . trouble themselves with table-rapping. : If there be communion 'tis " when ail the nerve of sense is dumb—spirit to spirit, ghost to ghost." *** More cower to the Rev. Mr. Alkin, of Campbell town, say I: and may his efforts to introduce the study of practical botany among young Cumberlanders be attended with success. • %# Two bottles of whisky among four for an afternoon's consumption, taken upon a couple of preliminary nips, is a fair thing. There's nothing like doing things right. As the coloured poet remarks:— No half-way doin's bruddren! It'll nebber do, I say 1. Go at your task and finish it, an' den's de time to play; For eben if de crap is good, de rain '11 spoil de bolls, TTnleBS you keep a pickin' in de garden of your eorns. 1 win' and a-hoein' and a-scrapia' ob rows, And when de ginnin's ober you can pay up what you owes; But if you quit a-workin' ebbery time de sun is not, The shenifFs gwine to lebby on ebberyt'ing you's got. What ebber 'tis you's a-dribin' at, be sure and dribe it through; And don't let nuifen stop you, but do what you's gteint to do: For when you see a nigger foolin', denassho's you're' bom,, You's gwine to eee him comin' out de small end ob de horn. • V On Ait that the question of the police magistracy of Parramatta is troubling the Cabinet.. The number of fit men, or who think themselve so, is bawilderiug to the authorities. If the goddess of discord had said detur pulcheriori (freely translated "appoint a good-looking fellow"), I know more than one who would be out of the running. Don't you ? # • The supplementary magistrates, when appointed!' are to be called " soogees" (Su J.s.). V Mr. Goodohap, please order that in future, at night, lights shall be lit in all pub lie out-offices ->of the different railway stations: Hem, if you were to improve the -illuminating power, (or weakness) of the oarriabffo^ABips,' you V*ouH~Be - BoiueUim^ like a commissioner. ' v •'•' • • Query: Are Courts of Petty Sessions called courts of summary jurisdiction,; because it is the custom of certain justices to suiK up at great length on the most- insignificant cases ? V The A. J. O. have at last got in Hany Poyten, a starter who does his invidious work to- rights. He's tfyery good Bort is Hany—good all round. ; Hero's my tip for ttie Steeplechase, to- day:— Standard ... ... 1 Peter Simple ... 2 THE WRECKEB. 