y T HE P H A H T 0 H MINE R. / ., '(A storijoythealfi'gold digtilngdayif.) ( "Thll you a ghost story," said m.y uncle Ned, a hale old ) gentleman of .70 years. " Well, I will relate a peculiar N 'affair that happened on- Tall mans Gully, in 1859." \ Wc were all attention, and listened to the very rcinark- ( able narrative he related in the lollowing manner : / " You raiist know," commenced my uncle, "that I and A four mates wore living in a tent on the banks of the i ( river — uving, i saui, i siiouui nave caiica ic lui j X wc were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to j y keep us in the commonest tucker. After our cvcryday'.'S j (j work, you may be sure wc were lircil cnougli ; but wc were y " every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink | \\- of a pick, about fiCty yards from our canvas home. This j f confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did j ) not cease until the break of day. One night wc were j \ , determined to sec who it was ; so we sallied forth in the : r bright moonlight, and saw a figure iii a coarse I'cd flannel i ) shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an \ old, claim which had been deserted for mauy years. I was ! / chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger; but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, ; V transfixed with horror,-— for the weai'cr of the digger's i / clothes was no linmg iimii, hut a .iJiolotoii " ) " Uncle Ned 1" wc all cried, "how fearful." V " One night, our tout . was visited by a handsome, well- ( to-do looking man, of about fifty years of age, who y enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. C He told. us i.hat in '51 he and'a mateof his deserted from / one "of Her Majcstj'-'s .ships," and srarted, for the Tallmans y gold fields. They worked with jiretty good luck for a" few C mouths, .ivheii the new comer went down to Melbourne to A see about some letters. Before he went, he said to his i y. mate, ' Bob, whatever yon do, never stop working the V claim for a- day until I come back.' Bob promised, and y they partcdr 'I went down to Melbourne,' said the e.x- y. digger, / amt there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on board; and-- now that. I have obtained my dischai'ge, I A have. (hastened up kera to find my old! chu|n.' 'You wilt y sec him to-night,' I said; ' but you'll find him very much ( changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the A; phantom's pick was heard, and wc all turned out. Ah 1 ' cried the sailor, ' there's dear old Bob. Bob, here I am A hack. . Bob, "speak to me.' - He ran to" the figure, which J '.turned its hideous face on- him) With alolid shriek the seeker y fell senseless on the ground. The ghost threw down its pick, and vanished/ In the morning we discovered tkc J poor sailor a raving lunatic." ' - y " Oh, uncle Neil, .what a.fearful story." : "-'VVelirypii ' asked me t'o tell yon a. storg, and I have ) done so." — y' " Then, it'is hob' true ( . " Wellpsaid'.burmncle. laughing,-": it is "as true (as luaiiy y of "the- ab.surd yarns that'-gob-aliout during the raging of y the gold-fever;. : Ah, those. were; sti'ange days, when men would-unclcrgo auvyaraount of privation for a few ounces ) of gold.;: How different it:is," now; for. should a. man be V pushed for a large or small ambiiub. all that he has to do f is to have an interview with -I kW ) D AVI.D.-j HEN RYj of 52 . Collins street east, \ -Who has-frpm- 5 to .iS 1 0,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills f of sale ;(:with pr without security), salary orders, life y policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, \ merchandise, on-.e.xpected, remittances, or on moneys per- '/ ( ' sons may be-entiticd to from Bngland and elsewhere, etc., j ). repayable to suit the- cpuyenience of borrowers. | C . Bills discoimtecT daily at the lowest rate of interest, and / mortgages from G per cent. 