THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORN/NO, AUGUST SI, 1S7S. THE Report of the Board of Education for the year 1877 has just boon published, mid not too soon considering that wo are now approaching the end of the eighth month of the year 1878, and that Parliament has boen for sonic time in session, with so many important mensures likely to occupy the attention of lion. Members as to prevent the subject of the Report receiving that attention its importance demands, and which it would liavo received had it seen .the light of day, as it so easily might, long before the meet- ing of Parliament. The Report of Mr. STEPHENS, the Chief Inspector, is dated April 27,1878, and that of Mr.'Inspector ROLF, three days later, and, as if this extreme delay of four mouths was not enough, the Board of Education took upwards of two months to frame their brief Report which is dated 3rd July last, leaving unaccounted for a further delay of six weeks since ti;e members of the Board affixed their signa- tures. 'TJie Reports of the Board and of Messrs. STEPHENS aijd KULK contain much that demands early and prompt reform, and many suggestions requiring to be carried out. But can any of the gentlemen entrusted with the management of the department expect that the Report of the Board will now receive the required attention, or that any of the reforms demanded can be even initiated ? Our system of education is not to ho lightly .disturbed ; nor can changes even of a manifestly beneficial character bo carried out in a day. Mature .consideration is impera-, tivoly demanded. Without the opportunity for such consideration, tiio Board's Report is vir .tiially, except os a statistical record, so much, wosto paper ; and fur this not very creditable condition of things tho Board of Education is to blaine. There is much both in the Report of the Board and in what the Inspectors say, to which wo should have liked to call attention, but in so far as faults, errors, and omissions aro, 'poiii£e.d out, or improvements suggested, wo fear our labom would he in vain. The proper oppor- tunity lins booti '.flowed to pass unimproved, but not by us, for wa ¿40 but now in receipt of the published Reports. ' Wo might have asked, can that system of training bo peileai, of whichl Mr. STEPHENS says that proficiency in the uioni ontary subject of reading, in public anií prfvato'1 »cliools, is " rarely above mediocrity " ? There is' a. ¿(jal of (1 isparage'inuut in tho nugal jyo statement, "rarely above* mediocrity.J' How often, ana how far, therefore, UiUftt Ifiü general ¿jesuit ha fyeiow iSioálocrlty / In the administration, too, Hiero must bo something defectivo Î11 the entojue. The' Chief Inspector, spoaklutf of lils visits' *o tho scUw.U, «ays that with two oxcoptioiis all wore visited ai fonsb twice. Of these two exceptions one was closaii £U']y in tho year, und ti« other, eredat Jutlaciia! lia only learned the existence e,f by accident nine rnontíi« nitor it had been in operation some nine months. Mr. RULE speaks of a matte* only slightly more satisfactory when Jje says ¡)o '.-.qfHcient. data are «variable tar flstimating the liiiinbers not attending any school, av being -otherwise .properly educated. Those and other subjects attract attention in reading the Boará-s Report and appendixes, Injt, as wo have said, tij.ere is «.<< pxaottcnl gain ¿p -be obtained in discussing thom, 'I'ltey can'neither be dealt with by Government '¿or förUsinoat during the presont session, aiid ore ¡uiojt^oi' Parliament offer» opportunity another Report .vttl -obliterate all traco of the presont, ana if equally lf¿j¡ jn making its appearance, be ecpially barren of tLoglaluiivo results. Hud tho Board or» the presoöt occa^icu done its work promptly, we might liavo been able ix> discuss, and, if deemed advisable, to urge'où làqi eijiiftçnt and Parliament the necessity of a tlrird Inspectai »o urgently advocated by the Board. This the Ki.ard m-gtis on tho acoro of nocowdly in the i»niut*nance ni a moro constant inspection than is now available.'' No doubt much of school efficiency dopends OH ¡'/«peatod and capable inspection. .Out'àgaiù wo aro brpugjit faco to face with the fact that much of the value of tW inspection is lost if the results are kept taqk "hy the Board till knowledge of them cannot -be turned to practical use. " But it i$ not alono in inspection that the I working of our'uducational Bystcm fail». There must bo'something essentially faulty either in the Board's exercise^ of its functions, or some- thing radically deficient'in itsllpWerW. ' We do I not intend entering into any general discussion ' regarding tho inorits or demerits of our system of education. On this subject our opinions are well known, and nil charged with the administra- tion of oui' educational system have ever received our hearty co-operation. We are content on the present occasion to deal merely with the Report and the evidences of defect which it so freely lays before us. For years our progress has been retrogressive. The Board as an educator is barely holding its own. It has been making no assault, certainly not a successful one, on the realms of ignorance. The youth of the Colony are in too many instances being allowed to grow up in lamentable disregard of ovon" the elementary branches of education. There is placed in the hands of the Board a compulsitor on parents and guardians. But it is a tiling of name, not uf reality. Either the powers of the Board are a sham and a delusion, or the exercise of these powers is so feeble as to be worthless. We believe that the former is the case, and that there are so many means inviting evasion1 that the powers in the hands of the Board are utterly inadequate. Yet on this subject tile Board in their Report are silent. They give much' prominence to a slight improvementas toattendance during 1877, as compared with 1870. Thoy say :-" During the year 1870 there were 158 schools in actual operation. The total number of distinct children at any time on the rolls for that year was 12,231 ; the average number on the rolls from month to month was 8,140 ; the average daily attendance was 5,807. During tho year 1877 there wore 105 schools in operation ; the total number of distinct children on the rolls for the year was 12,557 ; the average number on the rolls from month to month was 8,222, 'and ,the average daily attendance 5,973. As compared with the year 1870 the number of schools has increased by 7 ; the total number of children on the rolls by 320 ; the average number on the rolls by 82; and the average daily attendance by 100." So far well. But if we extend our comparison for a period of seven years, the result is most disappointing. While the number of schools has increased from 130 in 1871 to 105 in 1877, the number of scholars on tho rolls has only increased from 10,194 to 12,557 ; and even this increase is more apparent than real, for tho average number of scholars on the roll has only increased from 0,780 to 8,222, while the real test-that of average attendance-has been still less satisfac- tory. In 1871 it was 5,187, in 1877 only 5,973. For the last four years the percentages have been diminishing. In 1874,1875,1876, and 1877 the average number on the rolls during the year at .each school has been respectively 82*70 ; 79-08 ; 77'41 ; 70 "10-the average number on, the rolls from month to month, 54-21 ; 52*89; 51-52; 49-83 ; and the average attendance, 39 91 ; 37-03 ; 37-13 ; and 30-20. The question of free education would appear to demand prompt action in some direction or another. At present the Colony suffers from all its disadvantages, irritating distinctions, and pauperising tendencies, while at samo'time its educational power is rapidly falling off, without, we are sorry to say, any corresponding increase in the attendance of children of parents able or of independent minds. Hero again'the Board offers no opinion. But tho Inspectora are more outspoken. Mr. STEPHENS writes :-" Whore a school is working efficiently, the parents, unless I they have been previously demoralised by the j indiscriminate use of free certificates,"etc. ; while Mr. RULE" still further probes the wound by saying :-" The ' free certificate' system is very unequal in its working. In a few districts it does no harm, but in many it encourages a pauper spirit among labourers, artizans, and small farmers; and the teachers suffer great hard- ship, especially in schools where the attendance is at, or just above, tho standard on which their salaries depend. In some cases parents are fully aware of the teacher's difficulty, and safely defj' him to exercise his rights in demanding fees. There seems to be no practicable middle coursé between the present system and that of making the schools free idike to rich and poor, the revenue lost by the abolition of fees being made up by the imposition of a school-rate in such a manner that none possessing means should be able to evade a fair share of the burden." Without offering any opinion on Mr. RUM'S suggestion, we give the > result of the present mongrel system as presented in the Report of tho Board. In 1871 the average number of fiee scholars under instruction was 2,013-50 ; in 1877 it was, 1,401 -25, and the respective sums paid to teachers for the instruc- tion of free scholars £850-15s. 9d. and £55819s. 2d. These decreases might be matter of con- gratulation were there a corresponding increase in the number of scholars for whoso education fees are paid, but such is not the eise. The Return gives a very perplexing table showing the incomes of 177 teachers employed during 1877\. - There wore 48 schoolmasters with an-average annual income of £133 13s. 9d.¡ but there is an extraordinary difference between the maximum of £455 8s. 3d., and the pitiful mini- mum of £47 9s. Gd., a sum that appears a disgrace to the Board and Government. On such a salary an educated person's services aro expected. Need it bo wondered at if results in even elementary subjects " rarely rise above medio- crity." Sixty schoolmasters mid schoolmis- tresses conjointly enjoy an annual average income of £100 19s., tho maximum being £007 8s. 8d,-tho prizes of the Board-and the minimum £73 7s. Od. or 28s. 2d. a week for the joint maintenance of an educated couple. The disparity in the remuneration of schoolmistresses in sole charge is equally great, some getting as much as £190 15s. Id., others as little as £20 9s. lOd. or say 10s. a weok, apromium on results rarely rising above mediocrity.. Ai-TimiMAS DALY AND TUB TOWN HAM. OIWAN. -From enquiries which wo havo thought it only fair to make, it appears that Alderman Daly was altogether misinformed with regard to tho notion taken as to letting Mr. John Hill and the Rev. Mr. Spicer havo access to tho Town Hall Organ. Tho honorary organist has nothing whatever to do with tho " letting" of tho organ other than certifying that the proposed player ia fairly competent and not likely to damage tho instrument ; the key which he fiossesses is simply for his own use. Persons who lire the organ must obtain the official key which is kept by the Town Clerk, and which is only issued when all fees required havo boon paid in advance. The facts of the cases referred 'to aro as follows,, Mr. John Hill applied to the Town Clerk for the ' use of the organ on usual terms, and his application was'.as usual forwarded for the certificate of tho City Organist. Mr. Packer, with a courtesy which has been very ungraciously misrepresented, returned the application, saying Mr. Hill's reputation ,as an, orgauist was too well known to require such a cer- tificate, In the caso of the Rev, Mr. Spicer the, organ was required to be used at an evening rehearsal but was found to be looked, as it very properly always is. Tho Town Clerk having left his office for tho dajvMr. Alderman Burgess*-went to Mr.' Packer and obtained the loan of his key, which was instantly given, Alderman Burgess undertaking lo tako tho responsibility of what was an irregular, though unavoidable aot, THE TliFi/B COWS.-Thora was a soenoof unusual animation at tho orderly room of the Rifles last' night. It was the occasion of the distribution of a' further supply of uniforms, and the citizen soldiery were in strong foroo to reçoive thom. The proceed- ings began witli a general muster ou the parado ground and thou tho detachments in civilian attire wore marched in lompauics to tho barrack room, to bo invested with,the bright insignia of military* sorvipe. About 7P uniforms were issued, more wcro finished by tho' í'Kífiy" tailor, Mr. Bidcncopc.j but were pitt aside jn ÍJI10 tho nlpo'iap of intended wearers.' But'ns there wern not a sufficient niiinbor of ault« prepared for all the recruits who attended, about yo, an air of eager expectancy and impjtienço was njahifesfed as tlio names were called' out, 'bo sneaking a keen interest and piiiîe in tho showy r'cgüntíífifjs of our spick and spau Rifle Corps. Tho entire ¡nè?ti;r wii'v sliput 2ö0~ men, and .wheo those without uuitorms were drawij pff, 'the remamder wejre exercised liyXVi]>ta}u Marsden jusoifoij jnd battalion drill; they executed tho various mano.uvres 'with steadiness and precision. $|ia apqipiuues aro so re- gular and attentive at drill that tlio mc» are rafljdjy improving, even the rawest recruits, and unlútinents haye been made from day to day; soon making a pré- sentable (wppGarnnce in tho rudimentary evolution!). The force now #paibors 347 men, ,and tho full strength" will', It is "eäfpacteil, bo equipped with uniforms on Monday next, the time stipulated in tile nothing contract having alrc-iWy expired. T«. night therb will bo a general parade,'for the jnsjjac-1 ,tion of t|ie .tuilforujp clocad,v distributed. fivi,OS!.V. Isrnuawr.-Ú-ÍB nui ceieralry .known that ¡the belia and pouches that aro being ¿tjjuhed by Jf r. Bj^encoue, /"or tjio Volunteer Artillery atui Rifles, wwe »¿Aie "V Mes'sis. "£edfdrd and Son, saddlers, corner r.f f-'çlj.ii.i.s and J^iu-ray Uji-uots, who are to be complimented OK $e f)rç.t-cla«s manner In willoh they have performed ¿i Bideiicope w lint jiwaro'tvhen he took the (¡outrait for the uniforms, that, tltf belts and pouches could bp wade boro, but, on rec-ulviug some samples fro;,n Melbourne, and finding that tho prico asked was cxoiüíant, he made inquiries, tho roault Of which was^iat Messrs. Redford and Son have Btii>i>1iail the 'article's {¡.t r. Reaper rate, and quite equal, if not superior, to tito /fom Mel- bourne. The apnearanoo of Hie bc/tsam} pouches Jcavcs nothing to bo desired. ' '' Tov y C'.ficK.-Mr. Golding, tho watchmaker has just erected a large clock at his establishment In Liverp'ool-strcci, pinnlap to that which he had in Mm- ray-streiit. It' abiits from tho building, and will be found convenient, moro particularly 111 one of tho principal thoroughfares, ' yNoi,.UMKn,TKto,.ah.VM.s.'-¿JMes8age8 for tho fol- lowing persons are lying nt the locsl offiee \ Peter Goodwill, Mrs. Willis, Mr. Boyman. NORTH-WEST COAST TELEGRAPH.-The line to tho North West Coast works most erratically. Com- munication was interrupted nearly all last week ; but during the greater part of yesterday the line was workable. About five o'clock in the afternoon, however, notice was received that the interruption had been renewed, and aa the result of the complaint we made last week, notice to that effect was posted outside the Telegraph Office. THEATRE ROYAL.-The Wheatleigh and Lcgrand Dramatic Company bad no reajou to complain of the patronage .iccórdul them last evening, as tho theatre -was well Idled. Shaugh aim was repro- duced. From the manner in which the pieco was receded throughout it is highly probable it will ictain possession- of the boards for some time. '.Conn" was again tho central figure,'and tho imper- sonation by Sir. Charles Wheatleigh of the typical Irishman, full of humour, and brimming ' over with anuna! spirits eager to serve a friend, and ready to fight for his master " Robert'Ffolliott " when'occa- sion demanded,, was truthful, and gained the sympathy, laughter, and hearty appreciation of( the audience. The craven cowardice of the' villainous police officer, '' Harvey Duff," and the despair when entrapped were well pnurtrayed, while the" cunning and treachery of his-mastor "Corry Kinchela" were also well depicted. tIn the amatory elements of the play! Madame Lcgrand as "Clare Ffolliott,"" and Misa Henderson oaj'Arte^'Neill," were very successful, and the piquant"and vivacious coquetting of the former with ," Captain Mplincaüx" was acted with much truthfulness. The other characters of tho cast wore played with force and merit, and showed great attention to detail, which assisted materially to tho success of the representa- tion; which will be repeated this evening.'' ' " ' ' D'Ancv READ'S GHOST.-This ovhibitioii is'J'to open at the Town Hall shortly, the members of the company being at present in the city. The enter- tainment has boen highly spoken of wherever/it has boen presented. ( , ¡,. .t,'|,/, ( LAUNCESTON CIVIL SITTINGS.-There' was ,only oncease before this court, that of John Williams r. Bartholomew Sullivan. From the Chronicle, w é leam that the plaintiff sued the 'defendant,'1 formerly au I officer in the Deloiiane Municipal Police force, for I having assaulted him, and'eonveyedhini in custody to the police stâtîon7 Deloraine, where ho* was'iin Erisoned for a day aud a night, until he was taken efore a Magistrate on a false charge of having abandoned his child, under the age of two years, whereby the life of the child was endangered and likely to be permanently injured, causing;plaintiff to incur expense in obtaining medical aid, and legal assistance, and preventing bim from carrying on hianeoesaary business, and plaintiff claims £200 damages. The defendant entered the plea of not guilty, and brought into court the sums of £10 and £17 10s. for costs incurred, holding that these sums were quite enough to satisfy' the claim of tile plaintiff. The jury, our correspondent telegraphs, gave a verdict for plaintiff for the amount paid into court, the costa to be decided in Chambers. . ' DEVTH EHOM AIWLEVY.-An inquest'wos Held yesterday at the Bird in Hand Hotel by Mri Tarle- ton, P.M., on the body of Henry Shaw. The ovidence disclosed that deceased waa last seen alive at the Thatched House Tavern on Saturday after- noon, when he had half a pint of; ale. He then appeared to be as well as usual. On' Sunday about noon Mr. Charles Belette, landlord of the Hit or Miss Hotel, was told that some one was'asleep or drunk in an outhouse at the rear of his premises. On going there he could not open the door, but saw the insensible form of a man inside and felt his face to be cold. On .breaking operi_the 'door_ho_found deceased on the floor dead and stiff. The place was open to the public, and deceased had not been seen to enter. He liad formerly been addicted to drink, but not within the past two years. Dr. B. Crowther deposed that the cause of death was sanguineous apoplexy, a large blood vessel of the brain having been ruptured. The jury returned a verdict of death from natuual causes. PUBLICATION.-From Messrs Walch and SonB we have received a copy of Mr. Garnet'Watch's latest production-"The Fiieflosh," four oars and a coxswain, where they went, how they went, and why they went, and the stories they told last Christmas Eve. The crew are, supposed to have gone pic-nicing at one of those attractive «pots, ou the shores of Foi t Jackson, and here, to wile away tho time, they told stories. Mr. Walch is always happy at this sort of work, and writes in a veiy pleasant and readable vein. For a "holiday book," to read when theeares of business have been thrown off, " The Fireflash" will be found a capital com- panion, and well worth the shilling which is charged for it. HUON DISTRICT.-Our correspondent, writing on Monday, says :-The weather hero has been very wintry lately-plenty of rain and high w ¡lids. To- day theie are dei ce squalls of wind and hail, vary- ing from weat to south-west, the squalls from the latter quarter being generally accompanied by a prolonged thunder-clap. The Haitz Range, to the westward, presents a very imposing and magnificent aspect whenever the sun breaks through the, super- incumbent cloud and mist. The mountains are so thickly covered with suow( that the black pro- tuberances generally visible, oven in \\\ inter, are lost. The whole range stands out as 'sharply against the usually dark background 'of cloud as though cut in cardboard, whilst the dazzling brilliancy of the unbroken whiteness is very beautiful to behold. You see we have our "scenes" of beauty" in winter, but in summer, when -these samo mountains and other hills and vales aro bathed in rich sunlight, only an artist could do justice to a description. CAMPBELL TOWN HUNT.-Our correspondent writes :-In consequence of tho flooded state of the Lake River district, Mr. O'Connor, -with the Lake Rivur hounds, could not meet on the day appointed at Campbell Town, but to provide some sport for the gentlemen who had attended, T. B. Clarke, Esq. kindly lent the Quorn pack under the ' charge of Mr. W. Brook aa huntsman, and Mr. G. Miles aa whip. A start was mode by about thirty horsemen and a number of persons on foot for the racecourse where the bounds unearthed, a stag which'made rapidly acioss the main road towards Quoin Hall. After going over the Main Line, some stiff post and rail fences wore taken in splendid style. Tho whip, in clearing 0113 of these fences came heavily to tile ground, but happily rose uninjured, and, remount- ing, pursued the chase. Tho stag, however, after a good run managed to join his companions at Quorn. The hunters then returnod to host Kearney's, where Mr. . Clarko's health was proposed, 1 and duly honoured, and his kindness iii furnishing the stag aud hounds for the sport was referred to in eulogistic terms. As soon as the ground'is in a'fit state to1 ride over, the Lake River, hounds "will meet at Campbell Town, when -ft good day's spin is antici- j patod. BRUTAL ASSAULT O» A CONSTABLE.-The Leven j correspondent of the Devon Herald reports that on Saturday, the 10th hist., the policeman there, ' District Constable Cole, tried to run into tho station one of two men who were coming across the' bridge tipsy. They both turned upon him and got him down, beating him unmercifully. His wife ran out with a loaded whip for her husband ; butt one of the men took it from her and broke it across, the constable's head and shoulders, inflicting somo fearful gashes. Ho called upon several iii thei Queen's name, but although there wore a dozen j people present, none cared about interfering in the' affray. At last several residents coming down the men ran away and the constable was conveyed to his homo ; and after having his wound dressed, ' telegraphed to the stations olose by for aaaiatancc. j which arrived towards evening. They, .? after* a' desperate resistance, succeeded m lodging both/in 1 the statten. Tho lierait, in drawing the' attention of the Inspector to the inadequate strength of the police force in thp district, saya the defendants " had been rioting through tho town-' ship, smashing windows, and committing various, assaults. The ciroiimâtoncrs oonner-ted with Mrs, Cole's oose are peculiarly distressing, and she may never recover perfect hoalth after the vlolont treat, ment she received. When urgent cases like this occur, one constable is useless. We appeal 'to' the tender mercies of Mr. Swan for moie police pro- tection." . ' 'Tins PORTAL CCNTKACT.-The matter of Jhe ex-| piration of the piesent postal contract with the P., and O. Company was again alluded to on Friday, at; tho conference of the representatives of Now South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria. Aa the present Kastern contract of the Imperial Govern- ment wiUi tho company expires simultaneously with that of Victoria, itAvas deterinined 'says tho Tele- graph) to ascertain'what ney arrangements "¡he ÍJbme ¡Government hitended' making with t^ie com- pany as' fq i't^ o\\\ ii sei \ ice be/ore further discussing wha£ £he co}oine¡> w"!l 1/0. The Victorian Agent General Tj jil accordingly bo instructed by ¡)j>. Berry to ascof tain tye intentions of pho lfoine fîojeminent .15 sflf.u as possible Sfo far aa opfiijous ha\o been é\pre¿;L<)> #outh Australia ¿g auxjqus fora coni bi|!it)o|i contract, |¡¡stea/l of leaving the matter in til« banda of Victoria, \\.i,ilp lfew fc)nnth \Valps is indilrereiit on tho i|uc-al|nn. jt ¡? probable, |)m}ever, that unless the thrte houtliorn flolonios sjionlit unite nu equitable terms in making the next contract, Victoria w ill renew the undertaking on her own be- half. There was a strong feeling on the part of all WlP uiitc-ontativcs that, under any circumstances, a mall soi viro m, ¡,ve/ must bo maintained. No furthor'iiiterGhaiigù of MUIUI.U, I*'U take place be- tween' the coloidea oii the subject imlu ti)* jp'or !"i tion àsketl for has been obtained from ifia lfngjisji GoVemnivllt; ' ' i ? ' ii . 1 1 '. rl 1 Jfnoi BRIOSA,! s. -Ly thfjast mail (says the A »v/iw) news 'wa' locelVed that ¡¡Ügno»' ' toondi, so'woll "ujiiovjri sonio tillie"ago as a popular member of ¡Sir. Lysm'a Opera L'ampauY, and WJIO has been waving le~l»Uß I43S pgx'g at Her Majesty's TJieatie, Lon- don, during tf.b sp»sw j«#t f.tqu¿,"iiM Jjeen ic.-eu gaged for tho next se»»aii. }je had qwuß £jtablf"ho4 himself as au assured favorite, aud lim tatura por- tion in Loudon bad been most agreeably determined, Mr. Walter Bentley, a tragedian of some standing, who «na expected to arrive in Vtctoiia by the s.s. Lusitania, has determined to postpone bia \isit for £bot(l Sf, mouths, Mr. Bentley ia at present sup pi» Ung "Mi" 'Ijehr/ .rving pt tho Lyceum The.itic, iioiulbii, and a» e^twiPfQtf cr h'a engagement thore has led to H.a almndonuiorit oVhi:" original >,.. teution. The San Franblauo Sunäaij Oh ann It'(A July 7 announces that Mr. Livingston, for ¿»onie rinjo indirectly associated with the Grand Optra ftiwse of that city, wa8jmarricd.,ttKAjfoa:,<~3leanor Garey, the tettm, fin friday,, JuU-i/vi The engage mont woe of long continuance. IMPORTATION OP SHEEP INTO VICTORIA.-A meeting of a few of tho members of the Boards of Advice under tho Importation of Stock Act, was hold at Ballarat on Thursday last, to consider the question of iinpoitiug sheep fioin Tasmania, when it was decided to adopt the views of the Melbourne Board of Advice, and prohibit such impoilatinn catii ely. The practico of admitting cattle fiom England at prcheut was also disapproved of, but it was decided to hold another meeting in Melbourne shortly. TUB Dui'l.lc.tTB CABLE.-This scheme will, it is teaicd, come to giicf. The .Eastern Extens'on Company, it will bo remembered, vteie to hate carried .1 in mid line troin Poit Darwin to Batavia, atoidmg the Java. land, line, M lune the Dutch opeiators play such ydjiatou twth the Queen's English ¡is. to lender many of the messages quite unintelligible'. ' The" ¿bhvpany ' also undertook, through.theirJageut, Colonel Glover, to keep both lines-in irepair,r;and > reduce' Government messages by .50 per oent.,, and Press messages by 75 per cent., in, consideration, of, au annual subsidy of .£32,000 for ^period,,of twenty years. On Wednesday last the'represensatives of New South Wales, South Australia, _ and Victoria'met Colonel Glover, for the purpose 'of 'eñteringlinto'tho¡necessary bonds, when'iit^trauspired that the Kastern Extension Company' wished to^inpose conditions which would have dcstroyéd'nearly th'é whole value of the eon cessions proposed to be made. Tho company insist that the Press shall not'eonibiuo to receive general messages,' but that each one shall pay a distinct and independent fee,'so that, as a matter of fact, instead of the cost of telegraphing being reduced to one fourth the picscnt rate, it would be so largoly increased, that the effect would boto prohibit the use of tlie'wires. The only benefit (as the Telegraph points out) the public could derive from the pay- ment of the subsidy would be through the large increase of Press-'news; but if this is denied, manifestly the money < would be wasted. The Ministers representing the colonies were unanimous iu deciding that they could not in any way abridge the right of the, Press to combine in obtaining messages.,, Colonel glover stated that this was a mateiial point, and that he feared his board would not give way, and that the negotiations would thus bil'terminated, but Ministers were equally firm. Colonel'Glover is'to'telegraph the result of the deliberation, and 'as his message left on Friday night he is in hopes'of receiving a reply early next week. If it is unfavourable ho will take homo with lum a revised copy of the contract, and in the event of, his, overcoming the scruples of Ins board the Agents-General will bo authorised to sign. But if the reply is favourable the contract can bo completed here at once!" ,' ,,.<,,", THE VICTORIAN- BUDGET.-The Argui writes : - " In view of the fact that wo are going to London for money,'theiTreasurer put tho best face possible upon' the finanóial position, but he docs not conceal the fact that 'ho has had a hard struggle to make both ends moot - this year, and the burden of his song was, that whoever is Treasurer next year will have to ¡pipóse new taxation. The figures submitted moro than bear out this somewhat gloomy vaticina- tion. Last year was commenced with a credit balance of £200,888 ; the balance carried forward this year has dropped to £70,854, and it is obtained byiomittin'g to pay the half-yearly instalment of the £20Or000 which the Land Aot sets aside annually for railway purposes. Mr. Berry falls back upon the idea mooted some, time ago by Mr. Service, that the last half-yearly payment does not become due until the year is'actually completed. It was better to effect this'arra'ngement, the Treasurer says, than allowithe public'creditor to go unpaid. Moreover, of the expenditure . 'authorised by the House for 1S77-8, £328,000 was allowed to lapse. The tightness in the Treasury indicated by these figures was caused, to a great extent, by the revenue not coming up to the estimate. It was deficient by £187,407, the falling-off being mainly in the Live Stock tax, which is deficient by £21,700, and the Land Tax, which will not yield inoib than £140,000 or £145,000. The expediture proposed for ne\t year is £3,137,042, and the Treasuior leaves himself n surplus to work on of £70,7M¡. Mr. Berry was at pains to point out that suice the Education Act was intioduced every in- cienso of taxation had been met b3' remissions of nearly corresponding value, and consequently there had been nothing given to meet the expenses of a department which has grown from £124,000 in 1S04 to f 494,000 this year, irrespective of school build- ings. The circumstance that the parent saves the fees does not alter the fact, says Mr. Berry, of the pressure on the Tieasury. Boyond this year new taxation cannot be postponed. It was oxpected that the Treasurer would give n full account of the loan, proposals, but though ho referred to the sub- ject, this was the scantiest portion of the ii aucial statement. The fiscal charges as indicated by the Tieasurer, to be made during the present year, are not of an extensive character. The tax on live stock is to be amended, by reducing the chaige on sheep from 9d. per head to Gd. Taking into ac- count the recent reductions in'railway freight, the Treasurer says that sheep coining into the colony will pay this year only half the amount they M'ere taxed last'year. And the land tax is to be increased.. It was estimated to yield about £-200,000, and it will be £00,000 per annum short, and this deficiency is to be lcpaired. A bill for the purpose will be brought in towards the close of the session. His THOUGHTS TO HIMSELF -"HOW had you the audacity, John,!' said a Scottish laird to his servant "to go and tell some people that I was a mean fellow, and no'gentleman?" "Na, na, sir," was the candid answer,' "you'll no catch me at tho like o' that. I ayo keep my thoughts to mystV. " AN entertainment in connection with St. Paul's As- sociation is to take place at Glenorchy to morrow evening. A l'UDl.ic meeting in connection with the Hobart Town branch of the Church of England Temperance Society will be held in St. George's school-room, Battery Point,' on Friday evening. The annual meeting of the New Norfolk Ci ioket Club ¡S to take place at the Star and Garter Hotel on Satur- day evening next. THE adjourned public meeting to anange for the Brighton Spotts,t}878, will take place at the Crown Inn on Saturday evening. Tms evening a public, meeting is to be held in the Town Hall) for the' purpose of appointing a day and making ai rangements for tlio next annual regatta. The meeting begins at eight O'clock. 