THE MYSTEKIES Of CHIME; '' _ 0:Bi» -i -'-tbi The Experiences oe an Edinburgh . i ■; jbETECTitE.^^O. ^CH. ' !,.} J ■ [Published By special arrangement with the • >. i Author.]; fl ,.j. A POOR ,GIRL'S TRIALS. I never remembered befog more- &artfoid;& '•'« at any revelation of crime or ■wrong-doing'': n - i than I was when- the,.following incidents ' " " were placed before, me J)ythe principal {--afc actor in. the scfieme., The whole • details sounded like some thrilling romance, and: •; •*. yet the girl went over them'with such natural simplicity, true pathos, and self /recrimination, and I was forced to believe tbaTTL was listening to the truth, and not :f ^lekbdiatbliej'got.Mp'for tfoe'purpose of a fraud. A1 fraudj -indeed? there had been, tand amost outrageous bne; but' when the attendant circumstances are known, it will lie seen that most of the blame lay on the other side/1 .• The tempter is often worse than the criminal; and I can never see a poor girl, 511-clad and ill-fed, trailing wearily through the snow, without being'moved ts compas sion, and saying to myself, " Who knows ? —perhaps that's' another Mary Lawson." X will begin at the beginning, but before doing/ soy I am; going; to say a startling1 thing—namely, thatcftses'Iike the following, I am'convinced/occur) repeatedly, and are hever detected or'revealed.1 Some) after leading) the case;1 may-say, /'Pooh, pooh l" l>etlthemv / Their scepticism2 Will neither distifrh me'nor alter the facti ■ ;vThe green grass1 and'trees of the Meadows -were' all' ablaze< with2 the June Sunshine, whefi Mary'IiaWson took her way hurriedly along ftHo: sidewalk from her lodging in Buccleuchtstreet towards a'newly-started fadtory further West,; at which ' she earned ai;Scanty/livelihood.' " It was* the dinner houry ' and" everything about the • place seemed bright and'happy, yet no reflection of the/gladness enterfe'd the heart of -poor Mary.1" The thought of the clanging bell, ahd the'gate'closed sbarply three minutes' after; the' ringing ceased, alone kept her weak and' Weary -limbs moving so swiftly aldng the side-Walk; A dark' gloom filled her .thoughts steeping or waking—her face; waif pals and -Worn, and-her eyes already hollow with crying. She did not dare to lookinto the 'future, yet; to recall the phst only filled her- with sorrow and shame. v > «If Tom had. only kept his promise to marry me, or jf I could only have seen > him and spoken'with him before he went off to America? I could- have' > explained every thing to him, tad* shown him how I was as \- tfue to him as > if 'I had been his wife/'she murmured to. herself. . ."If— if—," and then a > weary sigh stopped her vain wishes, and-sent - her' so swiftly forward that > soon in- utter'exhaustion she sank into bne of the seats placed at intervals > along' the walk. " X often, take this way for a quick cut," she wearily added, looking sadly round on the bright scene, " hut somehow it always sets ma a thinking and crying, and thus tufns' out the longest in the end. The very birds singing on the trees make me worse ;than'T would, he if they were all lying dead'oh the ground. Oh, God! what am I to do ?—where am I to hide my head four months bench?" And now. the tears came , so fast that she was fbrced to screen her face with her fingers1; lest passers-hv should gape and wonder.' — " My good girl," how do y.ou do ?" T|ie' 'words - were sweetly and musically spokefif aiii accompanied by thb noisy -rust ling' '6t 'si 'Very rich, black silk dress, as the ^pedker fsat:3p^n beside Her; but they made po^;MbSy'(^rt' up 'from her drooping pos ture" as'if &he;i had been shot. She saw beside her a young lady,, ruddy and ;fresh lookirisf'hs" a' new-blown rose,, richly, and expensiyely attiredand hung fill'. over,with jewellery; and yet offering to the poor girl by her sidei' a dainty little hand encased in alavenderkid gloye, so tight-fitting that . the little fingers could scarcely bend. Mary Lawson'rosehastily as if .to leave. "I—I .am yery well, ma'am,'' she stam mered out in reply, crimsoning painfully as sheTspoke) ^but I do;not remember—that . is, I do not know ,who you are." . " But X know you, and have watched you with), great . interest for nearly a month past!" ' graciously returned the lady. " Pray be seated for a moment, and I will explain how,", " I would be glad to oblige yoii, ma'am, ' but . jt is wearing, near three o'elock> and I have u ,bit . to ,gp. If I'm .late I'll be shut out find lined.'', " How much ; f " A'shilling." , , Without a. word the lady opened the purse in her hand, and. placed half-a- crown in the astonished girl's hand. . "Therej that will put. your mind at ease. ' I'really have something;very par ticular to say to you or I would; not: have . wMtfidfor you" " Waited forme?'',.. , " Yes, X have watched and waited for you for three'd'ayef,; hut have always happened to miss yofi. What is your name ?". " Mary.Lawson." ..■ . .. : She gave the name without hesitation, for there was something Yeryfascinfittb|' in the face of the, rich lady before her ; but think as'she liked, she could not guess what was'conungd " Well, Yhiryj X want to he your friend," continued (;bpr' hew, .acquaintance. « My name'is Dord^-Mrs, Dora Blackwood—-and I have been married for nearly two years. My Hbukfi is in .Dauriston, where I have often watched you trail weuriiypuetto.your work; looking as .sad'.and., worn- as if.the whole' so'rrow of the world rested on your leart."5 Are you married The! girl- crimsoned now as shp thought she had "never done before—her, cheeks fairly burned as the painful thought flashed upon her'that her secret had, been guessed ■ at by an fitter ; stranger.. f ijhe next moment she waunaleas death. . r " N6,1 1 ma'am," she ] shiveringly made nnswer. " I am not married, but I was to have been. I was ^engaged, but some spite-, fill persons'got between ns, and made, him helievlf that I was false, to him, and we, quarrelled, and he wifntofE to his brother's jn America." !: V" ' ; _ ■ " Leaving you to suffer the shame?" " Yes, ma' uTi." •; - The woyds " (Wft breathed, rather- than, fipohen, land the gii'l scarcely knew herself why she bad let them out. Somehow she; felt that" the other had already looked her through1 and through, and was not likely to be deceived by- reserve or denial. There was a pause-for some mo ments, .during which the, bright eye of the lady w'asf hever once 'taken' from the pale worn face at her side. r '< ':l j " What is your dearest wish ?" the lady Suddenly asked at,last. " To go to him1tind explain all. I know lie would take mb t6 Kis -heart again and marry me, and make an honest woman of me." ■ A shade of disappointment crossed the pretty face of the lady. " What ? would you not rather have your shame first'hidden ?" she rather im patiently d^nanded. " Ah It ma'am, that cannbt be now," sadly replied ithe • girl. "It is too late. You: yourself,naperfect stranger, have guessed the secret;? . " But I had an interest to quicken me to the discovery," eagerly persisted the lady. "It is not too late, and it can he hidden." "But I have not a friend in the world. I am an orphan, and will he turned out the moment the truth is discovered" " You forget what I have already said—I will be a friend to you. Now, listen. My husband is a Commercial traveller, and often absent for a whole month at a time. I have a large house, with abundance of accommo dation, but keep no servant but my own elder sister, who has had considerable prac tice and experience as a midwife. Do you now begin to understand P" " No, ma'am, I do not/' returned the be wildered girl. " It is not possible that you would be so good as to shelter me, and——'" "There! you have it'now. ' It is not only possible, but I am willing—eager to do it.. I will never have a child of my own —41 know that, though my husband does not, and he would give the world to have a son or daughter of his own. Now, I could not shelter you in my own house for so many months, but I will take a lodging for you in an obscure part of the'city. I will provide you with everything you re-' quire, and only stipulate that you shall keep yourself, till called for, in strict re tirement. When the proper time comes, you can come to my house in the cab I will send for you, and you will be carefully at tended by my sister and myself. My hus band expects an arrival about that time, but I will contrive that he shall be away from home on one of his long rounds." i The lady ceased talking, and then was struck by the peculiar look that had settled on the white face of the girl. It seemed as if a dawning of the truth had come to her, but, in her simplicity, she had banished the thought as too incredible. " Well, do yog understand me now?" said the lady, in an agitated whisper. " No, ma'am." The words were almost. false, but not quite; for her whole demeanor showed a kind of trembling apprehension and hesitation which pointed to at least an inkling of the nature of the plot. -.A- timid look up into the pretty face beside her almost dispelled her fears; and then, with her eyes slowly filling, she seized the tiny gloved hand and kissed it passionately and impulsively. "Ob, ma'am, I cannot think hpw any one should be so kind and good to me, a poor, friendless girl.: I must be dreaming it all." : "You are no more dveamimr than I am. Do you accept my-offer ?" " Accept it! I will bless you every, hour of my life ever after; I will pray for your welfare night and day," impulsively cried the girl. *' What could I ever do iu return for such goodness ?" " I will tell you; for that is the condition lipon which the whole scheme rests. When you come to my house T will have if given out that it is I myself who am ill; and, as soon as you recover, you will leave the house alone. The child, will remain with me, to brought up as my own. For this privilege I will not only pay all expenses, but giye, when it is over, fifty pounds to yourself—a large sum even to me, but to you,a little fortune. With this you could leave the country and search out your lover, or start in business, or do whatever seemed best to you." Now, poor Mary Lawson did understand it all, down to its mniutest detail, and, though not quite decided as to refusing or accepting the offer, she evidently realised its criminality, for she shook arid" trembled so that her companion thought she was about to faint on the spot. The girl knew nothing of a mother's love yet, but she had heard about it, and that made her hesitate.' But, again she had heard of the hard names, ! jibes, and cruel usuage, and neglect too j often awarded to the love-child; here I was a rave > chance to save it from the dreadful fate, and her eyes brightened at the: thought; while the siu of the great fraud dwindled into insignicance. " Would—would—I be allowed to see it j sometimes ?" she hesitatingly put in at last; with a heart beating so fast that she could hardly force the words out. V Never as your own. It would be mine; and from the moment we pprt vve Vould he strangers for ever. You'ruight chance to s«e; it on the street; but then pot a sign or ' a look would be allowed to betray the secret. I ; would require your Solemn oath to that effect before ; our arrangement 'is made at all." ■ - ■ • ■ j-:>■ " ' ' ' " And would'you deceive your husband ?" stammered Mary, in amazement. "■ Him above all • others—yes," firmly re plied the lady. He must believe that the child is his Own." . The poor' girl sighed, and then wept quietly for a few moments in silence. "Would that plan not ha considered a great fraud ?" she simply got out at lusjt. "'Some might think so—I don't," coolly i replied the lady. I want to have a living breathing child, that I can hold up in the facei of the sneering world and call my own. But if there is a fraud I bear all the risk. You are not to know of the fraud, and can be at the other aide of the world before there is the slightest chance of detection— if such a chance could really turn up. . But perhaps you would, like some time to think the proposal over before deciding?" and j the lady rose and adjusted: her flounces as she spoke, f I am in: no hurry, and though you should refuse perhaps another would not." . •;.••• "No, no, ma'am,'I:.need no time to decide," eagerly .cried the girl, seizing her* new friend by the dress, and looking up with tears of gratitude in her eyes. " JC consentnow." . " And you will take the oath P" . - " I will swear anything you like to. ask, if you will ouly save me. and my child as you have said." . •This ended the compact. Mery Lawson did not, go hack to her work; and.it was soon whispered through: the factory that she had suddenly given up her lodgings in Buecleuch-street to leave the city; Some event'so far as to say that she had gone* ioff to America after : her faithless lover; hut in every case they were wrong, for she was snugly esconced in an empty room at the, south; side which had been fur nished for her , by her new benefactress, Mrs. Blackwood. • Four months after these singular events had taken place the. Edinburgh: papers one morning gave out the following announce ment,: which; petrified and astonished not a few of the fair sex At No. —, Lauriston-place, on the: 15th inst., the wife of Mr. Robert. Blackwood, of. a son;. Mother and child doing well. Mr J Robert Blackwood read the an nouncement, not in. the paper or in . the city, but in a * special telegram that had been sent to him away up at Bristol, and tliough he was over head aud ears in most important business at the time he became frantic with delight, and not only treated a whole hotelful of people to indiscriminate tumblers of champagne, but started off next morning by the earliest express for Edinburgh.' : . When he, arrived at Lauriston-place, and was shown into the darkened room where his wife lay, pale and agitated-looking, but, not otherwise seemingly much the worse for her illness, a little bundle of pink and white was placed in his' arms, which he seemed never to tire of kissing rapturously. The same salute being accorded to his wife, he was very soon expelled the room altogether "for, fear of agitating the,, patient." ' 9 - r ° The house was not'a small one, but it : happened that next day, in wandpring along the lobby, Mr Blackwood, at a time , when he knew his sister-in-law to be out of the house, in passing the door of her room!, heard, or thought he heard, a plain tive female voice murmur— "Oh, will they be good to my bairn?" Quite, startled, he tried the door and found it locked. _ Still unsatisfied, lie took his way to the sick-room of his wife and 'related the curious circumstance, but .was only laughed at for his pains, and accused of being too free with the wine, which was actually the case, or he certainly would not have been so easily satisfied. The sister-in-law, coming in at the same moment, joined in the merriment at his ex pense. Then it was declared that he had frightened, his wife into a dangerous re-' lapse by his dreadful ghost stories, and the end of it was that he was next day packed off to Bristol by the two artful women, with the strict injunction to finish his busi ness, and not return "for a .fortnight "at least. ' ' In two and a-haif weeks the impatient father returned, and tlii§ time his reception ;was gracious in the extreme. His wife was completely recovered, was getting on famously with the nursing of the child— "bringing it up by hand," as it is called— and not the slightest attempt was made to dissuade him from eptering and examining the sister-in-law's room, though he was stifi. twitted about " looking for the ghost." ■ Meanwhile the ghost, poor Mary JLawson, had been packed off, when scarcely able to crawl, with fifty pounds in her pocket and an empty void , in her breast which .it seemed thijit nothing would fill. Eor some days she had been feverish, aud it was during one of these fits that " the happy father' chanced to overhear'her words. She pleaded hard at the end , of the fortnight to be retained as nurse to the child 5 but, in spite of the wildest oaths and promises this favor was sternly refused. As soon as she had gathered some strength Mary left the city to start upon a strange and what some would have thought a witcl goose chase afte?" hep faithless foyer. She crossed the Atlantic, reached Brooklyn, and discovered the friepds of her lover,, with whom he had been residing tjll shortly before her arrival; but the man himself was gone. Nothing daunted, she set out for the new place of ^ abode, but in like manner only reached it in time to find him gone; and in this persistent way she: traced and fol lowed him over a considerable'tract of the States, till at last she found herself once more in New York, where she learned that her lover, in a very' impoverished, state, had once more started for .Scot land. Though wopn out ' and disap pointed, the new3 gave her , a, strange thrill of hope, an4 with the remains of the fifty pounds she also took 'passage,, and after an interval qf thirteen' months' found. herself once more in Edinburgh. On the second day after her arrival she met. j Tom Cochran, the lover whom she had searched for so bravely, and poor and broken as they both .were, his first action was to' take her by both hands, and kiss her there and then 011 the public street, sayings— ."Oh! Mary, Tve" had such a hunt after you. I've xonie home ,to marry you and make yoii an honest woman." As soon as the Scries" could be put in they were married,' and then, for the first ; time, Cochrane asked for his child. The 'only ansyer, to his,surprise, was a burst,ortears? and the words— •' Gone 1 gone! , - . Gone? dead ?" lie faintly,gqt out.. . " For ever!" and with' this hysterical reply he h^d to be content. . . . But he was not, satisfied. After this brief conversation, other questions cropped up; such as—IC Who attended you ? Whei-e did you go ? How did you pull. through, .friendless and alone ? and when, did the child die?" hut to all these she could.give no satisfactory reply. Only ,,once, when sore pressed, she cried—• ■ (\ Oh! Tom, I wish we had fifty pounds! I could almost steal to have such a sum!", In a vague way he took the outburst to mean that she had either borrowed the sum in her extremity,, or been indebted to some one for it, and now wished it paid off 5 . but. aU their efforts towards saving such a sum, were as fruitless as if they had tried to climb to the. moon. ; The fact was that Cochran did not get. readily into a regular situation; and, far from getting richer, fhev were speedily Reduced to- their last! penny. This brings us to. the second part in this curious affair.-—r One. clear, fros.ty Sunday in February, Mr. and Mrs. Blackwood : were walking along the .Meadows, oyer the crisp and beaten snow, in the full grandeur of the,, most ex pensive of velyets and. furs. A nursemaid walked a t little behind; Mrs. .Blackwood wallfed beside her husband, and he in turn by giving a finger to the child, supported and guided its feeble steps. Thtsy were a. happy-lobbing-. party — the child PTQwipg triumphantly, ,and rosy with health and glee; "the father no less happy, and the mother smiling graciously on both; yfet a cloud loomed behind them, . ; : A'pooi' woman, clothed in the tawdriest and flimsiest of rags, barefooted,and having' on her head only the merest shred of a Ibonnet, was slinking along steadily in; their wake, with her hands pressed hard on her bosom, and her eyes fixed in wild.i'ntensity upon the face ,of the richly-dressed child. Once, when she happened to come .closer than usual, the father, in a side glance, took in her trailing figure, and started as he noted the direction of her gaze , and the wildness of her aspect. " There .is a wretched-looking woman trailing along" behind iis," he carelessly re marked, in a low tone, to his wife, " How Bhe stares at Robert here. I wonder they allow; such characters to . prowl about. Where, are.the police ?" ;. The imperious lady at. his; side looked haughtily round; but the woman had slunk in Maud- a tree" now, and ap peared to be engaged in looking steadily in another direction; so Mrs. Blackwood saw, or pretended to see, nothing unusual, and merely gave the order to turn up the middle walk and make at once for home. Whether it was the sharp jar in the tone of her voice as she gave the order, or some thing in the expression of her face, her husband was not satisfied. • What he sus pected or feared it would have puzzled him to say. even to himself. But somehow he did not, try as he liked, get rid of the idea that the strange, ragged, and soli tary rloolung young woman was following them to the very door at their home, '.though at a respectful distance. Nay, even when the gas was lit, and he approached the window to pulldown the Venetian blinds, he had a brief glimpse of a white face, rigid and awful, peering through the iron railings, which a pair of thin bony hands clutched at with grim despair, and the eyes, lie fancied, still , glared fiercely in the direction of his child. True, the vision tvas-gone in a-moment—so swiftly that, in a moment <5r two, he had reasoned himself into the belief that the whole was an ocular deception; but the uneasiness and suspicion remained. Who was this miserable woman ■who took such a strange interest in him and his child? Could she be one of his ■wife's relatives—one whom she was ashamed to acknowledge ? The manner of his wife, too, since their walk, struck him I strangely suspicious pud watchful; mid,in j a; hazy, indefinit9 way, he determined if possible to get, at the secret. Next day, therefore, by some adroit management he succeeded in getting out alone with the child, and at once made for the Meadows. Every step of the toddling walk he kept a sharp look-out for the strange, trailing figure; and the moment he turned into the side-walk his watchfulness was rewarded by a. glimps of the poor girl, slinking along behind him as she had done the day before. He did. not scare her, nor appear to notice her presence in any way, until he felt her close up behind his child, when he turned upon her suddenly with the rather sharply spoken words— You seem fond of children ?" Mary Lawson started aud for a moment so shook with excitement and agitation,' 'that though it had been to save her life she could not have got out a word in reply; then with a deep, deep sigh, and a terrible crush of her hand on her breast, she was about to slink meekly away, when her eye happened to wander to the face of the child. At the same moment the child, perhaps tired, with the walk, looked up in her face, smiled brightly, and held out its tiny arms to be lifted, This was the pri tical^moment; with one terrible revulsion all her oaths, promises, and heart-steelings were, swept away; a wild scream of delight rang from her throat, and with one great hungry swoop, she had the child up in her arms, strained to her breast, and kissed so pas sionately thgt it took alarm and began to pry. : " Oh, my bairn ! my bonnie, sweet wee bairn!" was all she got out, when the father,'both alarmed and and angry, with a quick snatch, wrenched the child from her arms. Then her senses came to her, and faintly .staggering back against a tree, she covered her face with her hands, and sobbed as if her heart would break. In spite of himself the gentleman felt touched by bar wild grief, and instead of reproving her, at last gently inquired— 11 Ave you a mother, my poor woman ?" ". Yes—-oh, yes! I have lost just such a boy as this!" was the despairing reply. '•'You seem poor?" said the gentleman, with dimmed eyes^ fumbling qt his purse. "Will you not be offended if J offer you that ?" qnd he held out half- a-crown. ■ But the sight of the money seemed instantly to madden the poor girl to frenzy. "No, no—there is a. curse on your money !" she screamed,' shrinking away with averted looks and'outstretched hand. " Would to God I ■ had never seen it! Away, away 1" and before he had recovered ftorn his astonishment she had dashed up Wharton-lane, in the direction of Lau riston-place, and disappeared; Mr: Black wood naturally took a more roundabout way, and bad also to walk much slower, so that nearly an hour had elapsed ( before he, reached i the house ; but in the interval a strange* scene had taken place, A]jout a minute :after Mary Lawson had rushed from the side of her child she appeared breathless and white at thohogse in "Lanristpn-place., 'The tremendous ring ' at the ,bell brought, not only the : mistress herself to'the door, but the nursemaid and the'lady's sister as well. Two of the three started; and paled at the strange1 apparition, but the mistress, managed to stammer out— " Well, woman, what: do you want ?" ..("<<Mv bairn! my bairn!•' I've hungered f,or it. night aud day since I left," screamed the: distracted girl. "Icannalive without it. Oh, say you will forgive me and give me it back, and I'll get the fifty pounds back for you, though I should have to work the last breath out of my body for it!" ; The guilty women stared at each other,. and one of them—the mistress—tried to shove to the door in the girl's face. " You must be mad, my good woman," she! got out,; with lips white with fear. " There is no child of yours here • but if you^are in want," arid she hastily pulled out a brink-note, arid tried to slip it into the hand which clung so wildly to the lintel to prevent the shutting of the door, " take that.'- . : . ; • No, no—I want no more money—only say you will give me my bairn," and seeing that they were determined to | •jecb ' her by force, she clung to the door' chain and lintel' till her bare arm was almqst bruised to a jellyi Then she fought madly—desperately—till a crowd' collected,, and a policeman appeared, when she was , torn off by main force, and dragged in a, half- fainting condition away up ' to the Police' Office. There: she1 bad ni? sooner calmed down than she demanded; to. see a detective to; make an important .confession, I was sent; in to he&r; her story, and, as I said in beginning,-! never was more startled in my. life.' At first I thought the poor girl was mad; but when her husband, Tom Cochrane, called at the office and was v made acquainted with • the details,: he emphatically announced his belief in its entire truthfulness. The result of it all was'that, after being brought up at the Police Court arid fined for creating a .disturbance, Mary Lawsori and her hus | band, accompanied by myself, took our way along to the house in Lauriston-place, arid utterly horrified and prostrated Mr. Black woodjby a demand to give up his Child, or furnish1 evidence as to its parentage. Never shall* I forget the look of pallid 1 despair and hopeless' grief that settled on his face as the story of the girl was minutely gone over. All the noisy protes tations of innocence put in by his wife and her sister fell on his ear unheeded, and when Mary had, finished he simply asked— " And now have you given the matter into the hands of the police ? Do you want my wife taken up ?" "Oh, no! for she has been good to my bairn," was the impulsive reply. " Ah! those words and that tone of voice!. I've heard them, before," he sud denly put in. " Will you come and show me the room in -which you were kept while you were here F" Mary rose at once, walked out to the lobby, and without hesitation laid her hand on'tne door of his sister-in-law's room. Mr. Blackwood groaned, returned to the front parlor, and after a, few angry whispered questions at his wife, to which he received sullen replies, he turned to the nursemaid with forced calmness and told her to bring the child. ; It was placed in. Mary's arms, and then the resemblance between the pinched face of the poor girl and that of the richty dressed child was apparent to all. |: " Take it—it is yourS," said: the unhappy father. " I think my heart is broken." Trembling with eagerness, and almost afraid to believe her good fortune, Mary deftly stripped off the fine clothes from the child till it was naked as it was born, and then replacing them with some poorer clothing she had brought with her, she made for the door with her treasure. "As for this woman," said the deceived man, turning and indicating his cowering wife with a cold wave of the hand, " I am done with her for ever—we separate for ever from this moment." The guilty woman burst into teaTS, and we precipitately left the room. Mr. Blackwood himself showed us out, and when it at last came to Mary's turn he turned to her with a choking gasp, and slipped something into her hand. "Take that," he hoarsely whispered; " use it for him', and—let me kiss him once, before we fart, for, oh! I could not help learning to love him." Mary is now a matronly-looking woman, with a happy home' and a large family. Only once, when her eldest son asked her how he came to be called " Robert Black wood Cochran," did she tell him how she got a certain twenty-pound note lying to his credit in the Savings Bank by relating to him the story of " a poor girl's trials.". . (To be continued.) 