DISTRICT NEWS. _ [FROM VARIOUS CORRESPONDENTS,] HALF-YF.ARr.Y MKhTlNO OF SCHOOL OF ART8. The thirteenth ha'f-yeai'lv meeting in connection with the Deuman schcol 'if Arts, was held in the hall of the instituti m, on WaJiifsiay, 4 h Sei'te-nber. There was c fair ntt»ndaiice of its members present. The Presiden1;, G. A. F1. Kibble, Esq., J.H , occuped the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and cot'firmed. The Secretary, Mr Jas Kennedy, then ri»nd the hnlf-yearly report, ending 30th August, 1878, as follows: GENTLEMEN.-At this, Hie olo»e of the thirteenth half-year Of tilts Institution, we be'g to submit to you the following report, and all. ia resigning ita function into your bunds, have much pleasure in performing their lHBt duty of reporting the work of the past half year ; and In executing this, it i-i with great plea- sure they look baok upon the increased prosperity and useful- ness of this institution, and we are also glad to state that the institution in not only in a sound prosperous mate, but lina a surplus ol £88 0s lid to the oi edit ol the institution, which will be shown by the Treasurer';) balance sheet. Your committee are uloo pleased to «tute the soolety still upholds a Bteaüy and progressive uollvlty, which your com- mittee hope will »MU make tue number of member« increase ; and they also wMi to ca|l the attention of the public to the faot that tbe annual charge, viz. 10s, Is but trifling in comparison to the benefits that are to be derived lrom tills inslituliou. Resi- dents in theo juntry ought especially to become members of this institution, for tile objcot aimed at is to promote and Bpread useful knowledge throughout the commu- nity, for the largo and varied library is well adapted to effect that object Your committee also indulge in the hope thal the advantages willoh the Denman School of Arts oflors for instruction and amusement will be much more largely availed ol by the townspeople generally. I he number of members on the roll is 90, which it is confidently hoped will increase during the coming half-year, as the past half-year's Increase g emly exceeds the decrease. Tour committee are idad to state that the weekly meetings have been fni Iy attended by its members, there being 88 meet- ings, when the following amount of work WHS effected, viz : l8 debates; also, several »actings, recitations, aud dialogues, which were principally given by Messrs, W. Brecht, li. Hungerford, G. A. F. Kibble, C. Brecht, G. Gregson, and Thoa. Batger. Altogether, we aro pleased to state that the meetings were very interesting Library- Your committee have muoh pleasure In congratu- lating the members on the very eflicieut atnie'of the library, willoi) oontains about 800 volumes ; 27» volumes of the lateBt works have been added during the past hall-year ; and supple- mentary catalogues have been obtained of the last addition, which oau be had on application to the secretary. Your com- mit toe are pleased to state that the library lias also been fairly patronised, the number of volumes issued being over -100 during tbe past half-year. Your committee wish to Btate that they have undertaken a large amount of work to bo done, but when finished it will be a great ornament and safety to the institution The cost of the work alluded to IB a stone wall arouud the building, which, when finished, will cost £97, willoh will greatly diminish our present tunda; thereforc.it IB decided to hold entertainments frequently, willoh will greatly add to our tunda; aB it will be seen that one held a few weeks baok. the proceeds of which were nearly £11, which amount would have greatly Increased only lor the Inolemency of the weather on that evening. The retiring committee aro Messrs. A Munro, W. Breoht, J. Everingham, and HI. Doyle, who are eligible for re- flection. I'he Treasurer's balance sheet will show the financial state of the institution, that not only is the Institution free from debt, but has a balance of £00 0i lid to the credit of the institution, viz :-Balance from past half-year £88 0s 3d ; during the past half-year, money received, £!ll 19s ; total, £109 19s 3d-, money expended, £43 18s 4d ; balance in band, £GS 0s lid. The above accounts were duly audited, and round correct, by Messrs. Thoe. Bitter and Jus, Parkinson. On the motion of Mr. G. Nicholson, seconded by Mr. C. Brecht, the past half- year's report was adopted. Tbe election of committee then took place, which resulted in f.ivour of Messrs. W. Brecht, Thoa. Batger, A. Munro, C, Brecht, and G. Nicholson, SCHOOL FESTIVAL -The annual festival in con- nection with at. Matbias's School was held on Tues- day, the 17 th instant. The scholars assembled at the school room about 9 o'clock, and wore arrayed in order by their teachers, Misses Smith, and marched to bt. Mathiae's Church, where servies was held by the Ituv. C, M. Mills, p.istnr, assisted bv the Rev. Canon White, of Muswell Brook. After the service, the children of the above school, with those of the neighbouring schools, viz., Wybong and Giants' Creek, adjourned to the plBy- ground, which was well arranged for running, jumping, vaulting, gymnastics, bars, and a slippery pole, which ctused a great deal of laughter. About one o'clock the children were called together, and marched into the schoolroom, which was neatly arranged with flowers und ever- greens, also the children's work, which I will give a briat description of hereafter. The tables were well ami beautifully laid out, with nn abundant supply of cakes, tnrts, buns, ka. After grace being sung, the children set to work te feast themselves, which I think they did. After they had feasted themselves, the Her. C, Mills briefly addressed them, when cheers were loudly given, first the (¿ueerj, then Rev. C. M. Mills, Rev. Cinon Waite, their teachers, Mrs. A. Munro, providers of th» feast, and the visi- tors. Games were- then renewed by them, while their friends and visitors, who numbered ab.iut 20U, partook of a dinner, which was vieil provided, in u large booth which was built for the occasion. About 3 p.m. the crowd greatly incrvasad, when they numbered 410 on the ground; young aud old, I think, enjoyed themselves reully, and it not it was their o xn fault, for the day was pleasant, and a great amount of different games were pla\ ed, of which a chief feature waa .* drop th* handker- chief." Also, there was a great race between young men, whose niun-s are known at athletic sports, viz., R. LiudoeB first, IS. Budden second, G. Maido third, and Wilson ; tne distance waa 200 yards, and it was done in fair time, Lindóos making the pace severe right through. About 4 pm. the d stribution of prizes took place, snd the principal prize-takers were Ada Everingham, who at the last Singleton Show was awarded first prize for a fancy fire-screen, which I think a very handsome piece of work ; then cania M. A. Saunders, A. Murphy, A Kibble, L.-Doyle, H. Ward, tí. Booth-whose work WHS a real credit to them, and which must speak volumes for their teachers. It would lake a long tims, and occupy a very large space in your columus, to describe the amount of work that was exhibiiod by the pupils ; and their teacher, Miss Smith, assured me it was only their last year's work. The pencil drawings were neatly and well executed, and a great number exhibited. Towards the> latter end of the day a stoge was erected, and the teachers hud Bevoral of the children through their recitations and dialogues, which were well rendered by them ; it was to be seen by those present that the teachers munt have taken a great amount of p.iins with the pupils, and the different amount of work effected by them must have given their parents great satisfaction. The day's ammemtint and festivU of St. Mathias'a School, which I think will be long remembered and wished for to come ag.iin, was a great success ; und was concluded about six o'clock with the chase after the "gnasy pig," which slipped through a good many, but was anon overtaken, tia there were a great many after him, the capturer getting the pig for his trouble. Everyone began to wend their way home- wards, after spending a pleasant and interesting day, to prepare for a CONCKAT.-This was given in aid of the School of Arts There was one of the largest audiences, that I have over witnessed in our town ; when 1 say the amount taken w<is about eighteen pounds, To give the details I think it not necessary, and would take too long to do so, as there were a grea.4 many per- formers. The entertainment consisted of songs, glees, duetts, dialogues, and recitations, with a nigger oration from Mr. C. Brecht, to conclude the first part. Secmd part concluded with the scream- ing farce, entitled, " A Ghost in a. Pawn Shop," which was done in a manner not to be awpassud by pro- fessionals. Several of the leading townspeople's pro- perty were exposed that was.iu pAwn, which brought forth roars of laughter, Mr. H. Hungerford presided right through the entertainment, in a very able manner, which gave great credit to the above pro- ceedings. At th« conclusion, the National Anthem was sung, when the audience retired for a few moments to prepare the hall for the QUADBiLUt PABTY.-At this a fair number re entered to regale themselves in the fiiitcstic exercice, which was kept up until day began to appear ; and all Beemed pleased when departing for their different home«, longing foi BUCU another day to come. The Weither is beiutiful and fine, to-day (Saturday^ b-ing very warm Everywhere round us delightfully green ; grass and water in abundance. I have heard of several snukea being killed in this vicinity aire idy ; thi«y ure inikiiigran oarly i ppear ance. .ROADS.-There ar» two dangerous culv«rta-on th« road to Merriwa, just on the leaving of the town. If not done something to at once, some accident may happen. It would b« w*>ll if our superintendent would look to them at once. Denman, September 21st, 1873. 