fiORRKKPONDKNCH. 'Pedestrian.' — The shortest time on reco-d for running 100 yards is 9J seconds. This feat was accomplished by G. Seward, of Newhaveu, OnTiTuwtip.nt.. on ftantemher 3ft. 1S14. at Ham- ? mersmith, -when he beat W. Bobinson, 01 Newton Moor, by two yards. Seward was then '?, 27 years old and weighed 10 st 9 lbs. His height was 5 ft 7 in. : 'Farrell's Flat,' — Tb« cheapest-way to prevent whitewash from rubbing oS walls, &c;, is to mix melted fat with it in the proportion of half a pint of fat to a bucketful of ' wash.' A small quantity of Bait, flour, or starch similarly jnixed answers the same purpose. ' Tobacco Culture in South Australia.'— Oar attention has been called to a misquotation occurring in Mr. R. Dixson's letter published on September 3. Of the paragraph referring to this subject in the Register of August 9 Air. Dizson states that the 'practical man' who had lately come from Victoria proposed to grow tobacco ' within eight miles from the sea coast,' whereas the actual statement was that the gentleman in question wished to get suit able land in a f&eltered; locality 'distant not less than eight miles from the se&coast.;' ' Bardasteri' referring to complaints lately made in these columns concerning the Magill omnibuses, suggests that the Tramway Com pany should run conveyances several times a day from the terminus of their line at Kensington to Magill and Buraside. Such an arrangement would, he thinks, be a great convenience, espe cially to visitors on Saturdays and holidays to : the reservoirs and hills near Magill, as well as to the Waterfalls. The travelling accommodation at present afforded in connection with the places named is, our correspondent says, in adequate. u Jamestown.' — ' Between yoa and me' is correct. ' Sympathy' wishes to call attention to the distressing circumstances in which 'a family' of children in the District of East Torrens' are placed through the death of their father. The children are without proper clothing and shoe less, and, further, have no money. Their only means of subsistence, as far as we can gather from ouz correspondent's letter, seemi to be 10s. a week supplied by the eldest son, who has to pay the remaining 10s. of his weekly wages to a Building Society. The eldest girl is only 15 years old. 'Sympathy' states that arrange ments have been made by several amateurs to give an entertainment in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on September 15, in aid of the ? sufferers, and he hopes public sympathy will be expressed in a practical form. ' X.Y.'— From the Post-Office at 11 o'clock. 'A. H. Sexton'— The amending Width of Tires Act of 1868-9 provides that no more than 9 cwt. for every inch of width on the surface of the tire or felloe actually resting on the ground : shall be allowed for each wheel of a vehicle, the weight of the vehicle itself inclusive. An exception is made in the case of heavy machinery : which cannot be taken to pieces without ' Ion I or expense.' ! u Port.' — We have neither the time nor the space at present for republishing the information ; sought by our correspondent. The various - questions have been fully dealt with by us from i time to time as they have arisen, and the par- ? dollars asked for could not with justice to both - parties be condensed in the form proposed by our correspondent. 'Ghost of the Spectator.' — An explanation in reference to the point with which your letter deals appears in our news columns. 