MUSIC AND DRAMA. BRIEF has been the period since Mdlle. Charbonnet first made an appearance before a Sydney audience it has proved long enough to make one of her concerts a notable event. On Tuesday last this accomplished pianiste made her fifth appearance in this city, and an audience more numerous than ever had assembled. The concert, how ever, proved in many respects, a disappointment. Messrs. Kreitchman and Meilhan, who have on former occasions powerfully contributed to the enjoyment of the evening, were absent, and apology for their unavoidable non- appearance had to be tendered. The performances unques- tionably suffered. Mr. Mater, who is thoroughly welcome when contributing as second violin in concerted composi- tions, and who makes no pretentions to the qualifications of a soloist, found it requisite to supply the void in the pro- gramme and acquitted himself with reasonable credit; but the performances undeniably lacked in interest and variety. Mrs. Palmer most competently fulfilled her part at the pianoforte, and the playing of the very juvenile Miss Gertrude Palmer in the opening quartette on two pianos was worthy of every commendation. But even of a good tiling it is possible to have too much, and Mdlle. Charbonnet would, singly, have amply satisfied all lovers of the instrument she touches so deftly. Miss Gertrude must not, however, be passed ever without her meed of com mendation. This promising, and in fact accomplished young lady— indeed, she is almost a child — displayed a firm and precise touch, preserved time with accuracy which was especially noticeable in some troublesome syncopated passages in the overture which she assisted to render, and,»further, managed a crisper and more cffcctarc shake than could have been expected from bo young a student. Another aspirant wae a -young lady, mysteriously designated Signora Josephine D * » *, who, we are given to under stand, made her debut as a vocalist on this occasion. | Her efforts were, with groat propriety, confined to ballad music. The delivery of the first «f these was marred by a very natural and very apparent degree of nervouraesa, but served to show that the Jeoutante possesses a mezzo-soprano voice, at present limited alike in range and power, but in the middle register ef agreeable and sympathetic quality. Encouraged by ? very favourable reception this young lady sang her second ballad with a great increase of confidence and in a manner sufficiently pleasing. As this lady is appa rently very young, the development of which her organ is capable as her physique gains vigour is a Question which cmy time can aecide, At present she can only be regarded as a student with an immature voice, which will require both time and cultivation before its possessor can expect to take an established position as a concert singer. It was, therefore, equally an error for her admirers to endea vour to reward her efforts with an encore, and for a few individuals to resent the attempt by sounds of dis approbation. Signor Steffani contributed two songs, ' Vieni la mia Vendetta,' from Lucretia, and ' Pro Pec -*tis,' trom the Stabat Mater of Rossini. In both in stances the singer kept a mere trifle, but a trifle very aggravating to ears properly attunod, below tbe pitch of the accompaniment. A part of the audience appeared, however, indifferent to such nicitics, and appreciated the power of the singer's voice sufficiently to applaud both his efforts very heartily, and to recall the j singer after the latter one. Mdlle. Charbonnet herself was, aB before, admirable in all she undertook, but the selection of pieces was not so happily- made as on previous occasions, j and the circumstance enabled a judgment to be ! hazarded as to where tho joint in her harness — j hitherto apparently without a weak point— lies. Previously j the pieceB performed by Mdlle. Charbonnet have been chiefly such as afforded opportunity for tours-dc- force, strong con- I trasts from ttrepitoso to dolce — from a crash to a whisper. On thii occasion the solos performed by Mdllo. were of a character more even, and requiring the importa tion of sentiment quite as largely as of execution. The latter was as before beyond cavil. Nothing appears too exacting or too involved for this ac complished performer's wrist to overcome or fingers to unravel into ripples of sound. In rapid and crooked passages in octaves, in the most entangled complications of time and fingering, each chord and each note is equally made to contribute itB due contribution to the general effect. But we apprehend, from comparison of the fair pianiBto'n various performances, that her talent is neatest in producing brilliant and striking effects, and that the production of sentiment is an endow ment which she possesses, although porhaps in a consider able, yet in a minor, degree. Thus, of the solos in the programme on Tuesday evening, the least effectively played was Chopin's 'Cradle Seng,' albeit to elicit sentiment from any of Chopin's compositions is a formidable and rather hopeless task. The most effective was undoubtedly the gay scherzo by M. Meilhan, a composition of marked merit, strongly imbued : with the lively character of this style, and re- i lieved by a very happy second theme of more nave treatment Mr. Meilhan has been equally : happy in his composition and in the good fortune which j provided so accomplished an exponent to present it to the j public. If we except a grand concerto by St. Saeas, which appears intrinsically uninteresting, the least effective of all the pieccs played by Mdlle. Charbonnet was Men delsohn's ' Chanson de Prin temps,' introduced in response to a recall, a piece which, though extremely easy of manipulation, can be so treated as to pie vail in interest, by force of its rich opportunities for sympathetic treat ment, over whole portfolios of nwreeaux tenfold more difficult and more ielatants. In conclusion, we would counsel Mdlle. Charbonnet to arrange for the very beet available talent to fill up her programmes. Audiences will not be content to listen to what is merely tolerable in the intervals between her performances. The public do not care go anywhere to tolerate. They seek to enjoy. Madame Goddard was sensible of this, and secured the assistance of artistes who were themselves , attractions. In Mrs. Smythc she had au accomplished, and in Miss Christian a very highly gifted, vocalist. She did not tantalise her audiences with merely passable performances between her own shares in the pro gramme. Although she might please most, she took care that everything contributed to please highly. What Madame Goddaid considered policy, Mdlle. Charbonnet should not disregard. 'Camille' has formed the feature of attraction upon which die management of the Victoria Theatre have relied during tho past week. The play is one of those to which exception may very justly be taken on the score ot molality, if we are to look upon the stage as a school of «ound and healthy tinging for the young ; for its object is to bring into prominence a phase of social life over which, though its existence cannot be denied, it is better that a veil should he thrown, lest tbe danger be incurred by its pour trayal of familiarizing vice to the mind, and so inducing a contempt for its dangers. This is exactly the mischief worked, and in a very insidious manner, by the drama of ' Camille.' A word we must say about the presentation of a single piece like 'Camille ' for an entire night's per formance. ' Camille ' should play in about two hours and a-quaiter, and it is not right that it should be spun out to three hours by wearisome intermissions. The company engaged at the theatre ia quite strong enough to carry out a longer programme without incurring additional expense. We seldom by any chance get a farce played now, and therefore very little scope is afforded to chambermaids, low comedians, and juvenile actors generally. Why should this be ? At the Theatre Royal the ' Midsummer Night's Dream' has retained possession of the stage, and has drawn fairly (good houses duiing the week. We have already pointed out the merits and defects of this representation. The chief attractions have been the scenery and the pretty way in which the piece was mounted, to which may be added the music and t lie .appearance of the little children. The weak ness has been the so-called fairy performers, who as little realize one's notion of what 8hakspeare intended bv fairies as one could well imagine ; and these remarks appfy to all. from Mrs. Scott- Siddons downwards. The mortals have been very fairly impersonated, and, in particular, the acting «f the interlude has been greatly improved. We must confess that we are disposed to make great allowances for this performance, notwithstanding what all must admit to he defects, and which would not be allowed to pass in j Xvndon. We are not in London, however; and we are in this position, that we must have these peculiar Shakspearian plays produced as well as our oolonial resources will allow, or not produced at aB. Now we fail to see that it could have been better done here than it has been, and hence we have not thought it necessary to comment with severity. If we could see it would do good, we certainly should uke a different view of the case, but we cannot. That the plav has had some hold on the tiste of the public has been ehown by the large audiences ; and this, we hope, will encourage the manage ment to persevere^ in the production of high-class and legi timate drama, which playgoers will, it seems support, pro vided they are placed on the stage with, sufficient care an l rehearsal. Messrs. Baker and Farron have concluded a very success ful season at the Queen's Theatre, and their popularity has continued to the last. During tbe season they have pre sented but three of their dramas — 'Conrad and Lizette,' ' Lira Eccles,*' and ' Struck Ofl but as these have drawn crowded bouses every night, it was not necessary to enlarge their repertoire. An American dramatist, Mr. Dorcey Ogden, is to replace Messrs. Baker and Farron at this theatre. D'Arcy Read s Spectrescope still continues to draw good houses at the Guild Hall. In its mechanical effects tbe entertainment is excellent, and all visitors to Sydney should pay the ghost a visit. The effects exhibited are those with which Professor Pepper so startled London a few years back. Everyone has noticed in. passing the plate-glass fronts of shops in the street how figures are reflected amongst the goods within the windows at the same distance behind the glass as the figure or object may happen to be in front — and that at times these reflections are much stronger than others. Studying the object minutely Professor Pepper discovered the means by which, with a jpowerful concentration of light confined within a certain focus and directed upon figures concealed from view, he could produce a reflection of them on a sheet of glass, as vivid and real in I appearance as the actual figures themselves. This point gamtd, the way was paved for the introduction of illusions of the mostextraordinary character. It must be understood that the rejection in the glass can only be seen by those in front, a person standing behind the glass can see nothing of the appearance, which to Ihe audience is as sub stantial looking as himself. If he walk to and fro he will have the appearance of passing through the shadow, or if the shadow move, it will pass through him. It will readily be understood that by practice and careful measurement of distances a living individual may carry on an imaginary conflict with a spectre, and to such perfection are the mechanical appliances brought that it is impossible for the ordinary spectator to distinguish which is the living man and which the shadow. In the representation of a duel, for instance, the swords of the combatants will be seen appa rently to pass through each other, and there is no end to the curious effects that may be produced. In Mr. D'Arcy Bead's entertainment a variety of appliances are added and worked in combination with Professor Pepper's invention, which produce illusions altogether beyond our powers of explanation, and which, in the words of the bills, 'must be seen to be properly appre ciated.' There is one defect iu the entertainment which mars everything, and it 6h.ould be remedied. As we have said the mechanical appliances are all that could be desired ; hut to lengthen out the entertainment and to in- j troduce the illusions a band of nigger minstrels give a per formance that is of a very poor character, and this is fol lowed by a monologue in which, a Mr. Sheakwell is sup- j posed to have taken lodgings in a haunted house, where he is pestered with all soits of apparitions that well-nigh drove him crazy. The dialogue in this is of the dreariest kind, and ridiculously beneath the level of the spectral representations. Besides these defects, the audience are wearied by unconscionably long intermissions which are all I the more irritating since they have to be endured in partial I gloom, the necessities of the exhibition prohibiting the lighting of the hall as at other entertainments. It is a great pity that defects so easily remedied as these should be allowed to continue, for if properly conducted the ' Spectrescope ' has within itself a range of variation almost illimitable for the production of humourous and mar vellous phantasmagoria. A few smartly written dramatic pieces, and two or three clever actors would make an enter tainment by which money might be ' coined.' As it is, the ' Spectrescope ' is a good thing spoiled, and Mr. Read is not securing half the harvest he might gather if he reaped with all his might. Notwithstanding the faults we have noticed, it is worth paying the Guild Hall a visit merely to witness the optical delusion. The comedy of ' Our Boys ' is still running in London to crowded houses at the Vaudeville, where it has been played continuously for over three years and a quarter. It was decided by the management to divide the proceeds ot the 1000th represention amongst certain prominent institu tions, and as the performance realised £300, it was thus divided : — The Royal General Theatrical Fund, £100 ; the Metropolitan Free 'Hospital, £50 ; the Charing Cross Hos pital, £50 ; the Great Northern Hospital, £50 ; and the Boys' Home and Refuge, Great Queen-stroet. £60. An amusing story comes from Russia to the effect, that a new play on local topics, at Kasan, having failed to please the public, the author, a stranger to the town, was recently summoned before the chief of police and soundly lectured. His passport was demanded ana examined, and its unlucky possessor was dismissed with a caution. Some of our colonial playwrights might take a. trip to Kasan with ad vantage. There is a pianiste going through the provinces in England, who calls herself ' the white lady of Man chester.' She is described as an ' improvising pianoforte soloist,' who fully rivals ' the mechanical and artistic powers of the greatest pianoforte players of the present day.' The ' White Lady of Manchester' is only Beven feet high ! A complimentary dinner was given in March to Mr. Chatterton, the successful lessee of Drury Lane Theatre, at which Lord William Pitt Lennox: presided. The Chairman, in proposing the health of ' Tne Guest,' gave the following interesting particulars : — The rent of Drury lane Theatre was £6500 a year, and he had made a calcula tion, which was perhaps under the mark, that the nightly expenses were about £200. During the Beven years of his lease Mr. Chatterton had paid rent amounting to £45/500, and the nightly expenses— the house being open six months in the year — would be £201,600 in addition, so that the lessee would have to receive from the public upwards of £247, COS before he could recoup himself at all ; and the man, therefore, who had taken so gigantic a concern, and had carried it on in tho way ho had done, certainly deserved the thanks of the community at large. The proceedings were brought to a close w ith the toast of ' The Ladies,' which was proposed by the Chairman in the following neatly turned sentence: — 'The Ladies— the only true aristocracy in the world, who rule without laws, decide without appeal, judge without jury, and are never in the wrong.' ?Wc have received from a gentleman in Sydney a copy of the JV-!- r lor/c J)ramatic Xctcs, forwarded to him by Mr. Alfred Dampier. Mr. Dampier was long and favour ably known here in dramatic circles, and his kindhearted nets and consideration for his professional brethren endeared him to them, contrasting as it does so favourably with that of others with more pretensions, but little, if any, more true lalent. From the paper wc glean the following particulars : — Among the names known to Australian audiences, and which figure in the announcements, arc Miss Jeannic Winston, Miss Mary Howard, and Mr. and Mrs. Williamson, and Robeit Heller. The Salsbury Troupe were lo arrive in San Francisco on the l6t May for a tour of the Pacific Slope. Mr. Jefferson had had some differences with Mr. Goodwin of tho Walnut, Philadelphia, about ticket speculation and to terminate the disagreement Mr. Jefferson bought, the house. The Lingards were to play at the Park Theatre during the summer season, and the New Yorkers are anxious to see Alice Dunning. Charles Pope has been playing a poor engagement at the California theatre. Levy, ''the cornet fraud,' as the paper calls him, has arrived in America, as has also Val Vose, the ventriloquist. Ada Ward, with Mr. Richmond Thatcher, as agent, was also in America. Mr. Dampier himself and his two daughters have been most favourably received in their American career. The journal referred to gays : — The Broadway has det?rmined to I continue the 'Exiles,' and to meet the opposition at Booth7 e3 where Tompkins and Hill do the Boston -Paris version. On Monday evening this secured a larger attendance than usual. Some changes have boen made in the cast, Mr. Dampier appearing as Muller, in place of Mr. Warde (who has gone travelling) : Mr. Kben Plympton as Yladmire in place of Mr. Dampier ; Emily Rigl, as Olga. Mr. Plymp ton, Mr. Dampier, and Dora (i oldth waite are particularly successfuL The following extracts are from the same paper. I Ferrandi Roenati, the tenor robusto, who was to have | sung with Strakosch this season, but remained in Australia, has sent on his contract for next season, and it has been accepted. Reports about this tenor are remarkably favonr ! able. Mr. Strackosch and Miss Kellogg have signed a con tract extending their copartnership another year. Carey remains in the company. Frapoli is doubtful now that Rosnati comes. The company opened to a 4 000 -dollars house on Monday at the Boston theatre. 