RELIGIOUS AND BENEVOLENT. St. J oacph's Roman Catholic Church wns crowded nt tho 11 o'clock Afass on Sunday, July 14, when a mission wns opened by tho Rev. Theophilus Lo Mennnt Dos Choanais. Subject of sermoii : " The My story of Divino Love." Ho com menced by explaining wlmb tho oflico of a missionary was. Our Saviour, I10 said, when ho commissioned tho first mis- sionnvios to go and pronch said, Go ye and teach all untions whatsoever I havo com manded you, baptising thom in tho namo of tlio Fsthor, and of tho Son, nnd of the Holy Ghost, audio, I am with you all days, oven to tlio consummation of tho world. Ho maintained that tho province of a missionary was to preach tlie doctrines God commanded to bo taught, and not tho mero opbiioiis tho pvoachor chose to enter tain The mission lasted fourtcon days. Tho first woek, Father Le Alonant Des 1 OhuBnuix pi'uuchud three times a day, iu addition to performing the othor duties incumbent upon a priest, iu saying mass, aud attending in tho confessional for hours daily. The mid-day sermons wero for children. Tho second week lie preached morning and evening. Tho church was crowded duriug Uio mission, many boing . unahlo to obtain entrance, oven in Die porch. It would bo a difficult task to givo au epitome even of the subjects treated of by the uiissionor so as to con vey to our readers an idea of the profound learning with which the gifted mission ary's mind was stored, whereby he was eimblod with extraordinary enso and facility to illustrate liis argumonts with ntiecdotos and analagous facts, taken from ancient, modern, tho fathers', nnd biblical history. His discourses woro de livered with the animation inhcront, as it woro, in his countrymen ; this, coupled with tho earnestness of his manner in desiring to impress liis hearers with a belief in tho matter ho was spenkiug of, &s; woll ns tho power lie possosscd iu do- picting scones of mon and places so vividly boforo tlio mind, that I10 often kepc his andicnco almost spell-bound. This was moro especially tho case when delineating his discourso with reference to tho deplorablo shifts, and sad and sorrowful fate of many an unfortunate drunkard. Tears ran down tho cheeks of stalwart nnd iron-nervod men nb tho por traits placed boforo thoir oyes of tho wrotchedness and misory caused by drun kenness. Willi remarkable celerity tlie preacher quoted from profane and sacred history. Ho was equally at homo with Pagan and Christian authors, nnd in interpreting tho original quotations into English. Tho discourses to tho children nt mid-day wero illustrated with anec dotes suitable for the. capacity of his youthful congregation. Tho offices in connection with tho church during the fortnight woro magnificent. The objoct of tho mission was to induco Catholics to lead sober nnd Christian lives. Tlio re sult was, a number took the total absti nence pledgo, aud an unprecedented nuinbor npproaohed tlio altar rails for Communion on Sunday, tlio 28th July. Tlio mission terminated on Sunday even ing tho 28th July, with benediction and tho "Te Doum," tlio missionary having previously announced that a collection 111 aid of the funds for tlio ro-ercction of St. Alary's Cathedral would tako placo lost Sunday, and urged, tho poople to subscribe to tho fund. Tho sum received amounted to about £100, includ ing £25 from His Excellency tho Go vernor, and £5 from Dr. Crowthor, AI.L.O. The people were heard to remark to ono another that the moro thoy hoard tho missionary tho more thoy likod him, and saw that if ho could speak so fluently . nud well iu tlio English language, what would not his utterance bo iu French, his n&tivo; tonguo ? He took his depar ture for Lnuncestoii by train on Monday, tho 29th July, whoro ho com menced a mission tho same ovoning... On tho 10th ultimo, tho anniversary of tho Davoy-strcet Congregational Sunday School was celebrated iu the Tasmaninn Hall, where tho pupils woro handsomely entortained by tho teachers and othor members of tho congregation. Mr. Charles Walcli, tho superintendent, pro- aided, and amongst tho guests wo noticed tho lion, the Premior, who delivered an address on the occasion. Tlio programme includod some good inusio nud recitations. ...On tho lGth,- a very pleasant concert was given iu tho All Saints' School-room, in aid of tiio parsonage fund. Good music and readings woro givon, and a vory agreeable evening wns Bpent...On the 31st, a cantata in honour of St. Cecilia's Day was very woll sung in tho Tasmanian Hall by tho members of St. David's Union, assisted by somo othor lady and gentle man amntours, but the performance suf fered through tho unavoidable absence of tlio conductor, Mr. F. A. Packor, who was obligod to attond to his duty as clerk of tho Houso of Assembly that night, Tho quarterly mooting of the Benevolent Socioty was held on the 9th ultimo, His Worship tho Mayor (Mr. W. P. Green) boing in the chair. Tho re port was satisfactory, and itcomplimonted tho Registrar, Mr. Witt, 011 tho manner in which ho was protecting tho Socioty agaiust imposition. The balauco slieot for the quarter was as follows : — Or. 1878. July 0. — To balance in bank, January 1, £259 8s. 10(1. ; Govern ment repayments £22 14s. Gd.; deposits in bank up 10 Juno 29, £300 ; interest on debentures, otc., £152 10s.; subscriptions, £145 9s. Dd. — £880 2s. 9d. July 9 — To balanco in treasurer's hands, £205 3s. 2d. Dr. 1878, July 9, by oxpondituro vccounts as per pass book, £374 19s. 7d. ; deposit in bank, £300 ; balanco down, £205 3s 2d— £880 2s. 9d. Aftor as. absonco of about six woeks, the llov. B. S. Bird re turned from New Zenland, via Mol bourno, 011 tho 11th ultimo and rosumod his ministerial duties at tho Congrega tional Church, Davoy-street, 011 tho fol lowing Sunday, Ho was cordially wol- coined back by his flock. 