COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to forward newspapers containing Umtrical items will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date.] On Monday night, at the Athenaeum, the first concert of the Musical Artists' Society . 'will take, place. The programme, besides containing a .most classicfclly-selectfed list of " subjects, has thfe advantage of being jannb toted, that is to say,there is a well-written . description of each piece. This of itself is an' excellent thing, and I intend to call'the' , attention to the reasonableness of the, prac tice OQ'afutnriB occasion. 1 J ^. . Stephen Massett, who corned to ts , with a reputation "worthily won in allpartsof' the-world,' will renew his .pleasant relations 'with Ms Meiboutnte friends on Tuesda^ next - . at the Atbehaeutri. He has an inexhiustible' . budget ofthings, Variously amusing, melt ing, moving, Ofti thb^t-Sufcgestihe, and if he here to publish all ^complimentary . things; which have been saidabonthimhe ?would have issue la volume. Being the most'modest of men he'is content to rely vpon his merit," and so he makes his ? . ' ' ; ?? i Tfie.Cheevert and Kennedy Minstrels are' , nowertgaged bjpon a .country tour. ' On Mon day ano i'n^eaay Of last wek they were at1 ArMit, ;aiid on Wedrifesday at Stawell. The^. *>11 appeaf m'Melbourhe in a few weeks to at* neyf drama,! written for them by a local jtothpr, 'the title , of which Is " The Water Daw " Tahiti/'--1 Mt the following, out of v the Dumfries and. VdUwofiy ' Standard <ind Advertiser of AprillO, 1878. It is part , o| their Edinburgh coriespondentfsletter. If:you were to put itin J%e Australasian it might fijiterest a number of the readers.. MF^i a : M 20 ^ICHABD **EU'' I believe that many of your readers; will remember the visit to Dumfries of Mr. It. S. Pillans, when he gave a concert in the-Mechanics' Hall, about three years ago. Shortly after the destruction by fire of the Edinburgh Theatre Royal, he sailed for Australia, where he was to support Mk. Talbot in a dramatic tour. Hehadntot been long in Victoria before he was struck down by severe illness, commencing with.the colonial fever. There was a rumour here that he was dsof z-~ ''-* i a luiuvuj. uyic for hia wife ana " out to be 1(^ng suspense he arrived in 'i16 en<* 1&at; *»<>n*b» a^JIV^we£m ^ and wearing bo long ^fteaiQj that he was not recognisable by his ^ Parted with the beard, h^Lw^en playing the 'Laird of Dutn n^wliii 5 theatre Royal I met him ^ ^urday, near the General ? said he had received much m Australia from distinguished Wle,' h5 Waa impressed with the ex JSSLft01^ene9ai ana opulence of Mel bourne. I understand that he means to talke strength*"86' 0r(^ei to *ecruifc his enfeeble^ . .. ADELAIDE. MAT 2li ! o+«fau ^ think the U.S; Min- ? j . 6 advantage in respect I of ; amusements duringthis week past. On Wed nesday last, attheTheatreRoyaLHamlet" was played. Mr. DarreH's Hamlet was found to be much better than "we expected. The illness of Mrs. Darrell rendered a change in tne^ advertised east necessary at short'notice, ?o that Miss Maggie Knight played Ophelia. 1 was going to say that she surprised every body, but she has done so much to ple&se; the pnblic of this city that the very ad mirable way in which she represented the character, though extremely: gratifying, was not surprising. On Thursday ' East Lynne " oas #1,v?,n> on Friday "The Sohool for bcandal, and on Saturday "Rose Michel" was played for the first time here. I think most people would not have been sorry if it had been done for the last time, for there is nothing in it; so that I felt no surprise at learning it had not been successful in Engr land. It was, however, very well put on the stage, and, so far as thfe acting went, ?there was nothing whereof to complain. It will be kept on until Friday-the Queen's birthday-when it will give place to "The Mexican Tigress," and "The Wonder." These will be succeeded by Mr. Darrell's piece of "Transported for Life." The., Stewart family open at White's rooms- nekt j Monday. , - . Among the various amusements proviided for the people of this city I have Been no' mention in your paper of Se∨ Don Louis Jose, wizard, _ mimic, vocalist, and ven-. triloquist," as vide his announcements. He advertised himself as the superlative of | superlative conjurors, and defied the world j to tie him in a chair so' that he would not be able to get loose. Further, he had a sprite, whose mundane appellation was Alice Hamilton. Now- you would suppose ? that this gentleman was a Spaniard of some kind, but if' he 'was, he had clearly been educated, if not born,, at Whitechapel, for he outcockneyed cockneys, and defied the letter H. His conjuring was like the City df Wash ington. It consisted of magnificent inten tions, so he gave up conjuring, and asked somebody to tie him tightly in a chair.' But when tbey went to do it he would not be tied save in his own way, so his releasing himself did not evoke applause from theaudience. for air that he subsequently offered to stand upon , his head. Then he put on a gown and worn a black mask, and sang what ne called a "Hirish Hair/' Then he admonished the boys, and then he tried more failures'in the way of card-tricks. Finally, he entreated the! pianist to play "GodSave the Queen,"and as this burst of loyalty was followed by a demand by the audience for a return of their money,lie performed the only clever trick of the evening, by suddenly becoming invisible. He has up to this time continued to be invisible. 1 have heard that he has gone to Melbourne, and as his great fame may not have preceded him, I have thought it only right to tell you what a seJZebratea character he is. Phcebb. j SIDNEY, MAT 20. Dear " Tabite,"-During the past week the: Theatre Royal has had the best of it, and the attraction has been that dismalest of kill-joy ' dramas " East Lynne." On Friday and Satur- j day, however, they played "OurBoys" to good houses, so that, as it seems to me, the Lazar-cum-Siddons direction promises welL Baker and Farron, at the Queen's, still con-. tinue to crowd theirhouses. At the Vic toria, "Werner" was played three nights to scanty audiences. On Satarday it gave way to "Virgmius," and the attend ance was agreatdeal better. I have seen in a!n' obscure publication issued in one of your Buburbs a 'communication sent from here speaking disparagingly of Mr. Creswick's | Falstaff. You may credit me that the state ments of - that writer are wholly incorrect. It was an admirable performance, and the make-up was perfect. Thompson's Diorama still revolves at the School of Arts, and. the Ghost still walks at the Guild-nalL The Spencers are steadily increasing their attrac tion. CLAUDE. ~ Sydney, May; 27. Dear Tahite,-Vfe had a dull Week nap to Friday,"when, in consequence of the holi day, the theatrical' sky brightened. We had a carnival, and the prevalent madness Was ,good lor this theatres. At the Victoria, Richard III." was played on Saturday , for the Jasttime. This week will'see the end of Mr. Creswick's engagement, ahd then Miss Coombs:.is. to take nis place.' "Our Boys" seeirjB to, haVe ple^sed .them it the Royal.. >T|ie management of the Queen's is to besypipathised with in not having accom modation sufficient \fpr tfioae who throng' thither to s£e. rMessre.B&kerand; Tkrro'n. The .GhosVat the Guildhall has continued to wa|k, iand I hfeat it is shortly to vi6it Mel bourne. . We bad' a torchlight processibn the other night, and it wpls followed by a large objectless crowd. What queer things crowds . ? .' * _ mL .' . ' f ! BaJlarat, Ma^SO. Dear Tahite,-Since,I wrote you laqt from Sandhurst-now Bome months paatwny ., paths, have beep iar/apart from hjills of «aiszlit)g light and gay .qnd festive splendour." It was. therefore with a keen relish, I found on my arrivalhere,Mr. J. P. Macdonald, as business manager,: arranging the prelims naries of a short opera season for j ' ? Tfte j Soldene rCompany." Their "first" appearance took place on Monday, when " Genevieve de Brabant" was given before a full (house, in ? amanner which showed what a goo^ effect J -can be produced .when the performeha are per fectly at benpein their work, acting arid sing- j ing withithkt confidence which is prodiced by .a. thorough Joiowledge, of their respfective rtiles. Miss EmilySolaerie was in fine voice a retaal-k which will in a. modified < degree UppJy tp the leading members.of her com pany. The orchestra is full dnd effective,'1 and in those respects compares most favour ably with -other companies, who appear to consider that in this most important requisite .anything as .good -enough for a provincial audience. On Tuesday evening " Chilpexik" was produced, Mr. Johii Wallace &B; Tatont being the fun of the occasion. OnWednes* day " Madame L'Archiduc" was raven, aid < to-night I have just heard " Girofle-Girofla" rendered in a manner which shows unmis takably that in this opera Miss Soldene makes oiie of her most genuine successes. Next week the company proceed to Sand* hqrst. ' RlCABDO. ; 