THE DEFENCE OF THE HEADS. (FUOSl THIS "AKQUS" SIT.CIAL UKl'OlM Kr:.} OUKFiXSCLTfr. "Mmiilnv Owing to tbe bad weather whioh set in at Dromana last evening, it became impossible for the Government .steamer, George Uennie, to re turn here with the commandant and party. It was therefore decided to make the best of a bad job, and put lip with the quarters to be ob tained at the hotels, so as to be in readiness for the torpedo operations which wore to be per formed during the day. 'l'he fact of there being a night attack on the camp was an incentive to many of tho party to remain under canvas for the mailt, but the heavy rain that fell soou damped their courage, and .sent theiu back to the lintel, a distance of nearly four miles. The torpedoes men wero not, however, to be dona out oi their night work, and as soon ai supper was over Lieutenant Joseph quietly marched a detachment out of the camp without it being known to tho other members of the corps that anything unusual was to take place. Captain Hilary, however, gave notice to the sentries to be especially on the alert, in consequence of there being a large quantity of explosive material on the beach iu readiness for the next day's work. Ill view of the heavy rain falling, tho sentrias did not keep a particularly sharp look out, and tliDSe who were exposed to the full force of the wind and sea, made tbe most of the shelter of the bushes. It should be said that the arrange ment made between Lieutenant Joseph and Captain ICllery, the otlicor commanding, was that tho surprise party should cut the wires connecting the torpedoes in the channel with the tiring table between seven and ten p.m. The attacking party had to work through thick scrub, and then cross a wide stretch of white sand in order to get to the wire which they were to cut. Notwithstanding the heavy rain they worked manfully, first trying tiio right and then the left sides of the camp, but without success. But at hut an operator crept down to the water's edge, and was busily engaged in cutting th# wire, when he thought lie heard the bull ring as if the shutter had fallen, in dicating that the wire had been cut, and the torpedo was useless. He at once got up, and was running back to jciu his party when his dark uniform was seen against the white sand i by tho sentry, and he was pursued and made prisoner by the guard. It turned out after wards that what he had heard and had mistaken for the bell of tho shutter apparatus was a clock striking in the commanding officer's tent, i This capture tended to put the sentries more on the alert, but they kept a look-out more particularly to the sea fronts of the camp, and the attacking party taking advantage of this, worked round through the scrub 011 to the main road, and made a raid upon the camp from a totally ditferent quarter, and by this means they were enabled to secure one of the ollicera as a prisoner. The men in camp were now beginning to see that an organised attack was being made upon them, and kept a smart look-out. For a long time after this everything remained quiet, and it seemed as if the attack ing party had given up the attempt, when one of the sentries noticing a dark object at the water's edge lired his carbine and gave the. alarm, the reault being that another prisoner Was captured, one of tho operators having put an old bag over his uniform so as to make it in distinguishable against tho sand, and then crept down 011 his hands and knees to the wire far the purpose of cutting it. lie had, how ever, forgotten tl|;it his black head of hair had not bean equally disgu'sed, and this was .what led to his eapturo. It was now within a quarter of an hour of the time tixed for the attack to be brought to a close, and there was every anti cipation of the camp being safe for the night. The Btorming party were not, however, to be denied, and a few minutes previous to tho ap pointed time the bell was heard to ring, show ing that the wire had been cut. When the heavy rain and surf is taken into consideration, the meu deserve great praise for the manner in which they persistently carried out the work they had set themselves to do, for there are very few who would care about doing three hours' work in auch weather merely for tho fun of the thing. Owing to the bad weather that prevailed until midnight it was somewhat doubtful whether the corps would be enabled to carry out their proposed experiments, and it was arranged that Captain Ellery should send .1 telegram to the commandant at Dromana early in the morning, letting him know whether tho sea had moderated sufficiently to allow of the heavy torpedo being placed in position. The morning proved a very bright one, and an early start was made for the camp, but the hurry was ueedless, as upon arrival it proved that the tor pedoes were not to be exploded until the after noon, when a number of visitors were expected down from Melbourne by the excursion steamers. During the morning thu steamer George ltonnie was engaged, with the steam launch l'ilot, iu lifting the heavy armoured cable that had been laid across the channel. The sea went dowu snmcwlut toward* noou, and then the two iron torpedoes that had been prepared were taken out by the boats and moored iu the chan nel. The smallest ouo was placed in feet of water, ami was charged with about 110 lb. of dynamite, while the larger one, containing about GO lh. of gNii cotton, was moored in about 02 feet of water. The sea charges do not, how ever, represent the total capability of the tor pedoes, as both of the iron casos were about half filled with sawdust before the explosive material was filled iu. This was <loiio as a matter of economy, and also because tho actual working of the electric current through the cable could as well be tested with a small as with a largo charge. The smaller torpedo was tired first, and a column of watec fully 100 feet high was sent into the air, and there was a fresh breeze blowing at the time on to the shore. It moved gradually iu that direction like a water spout, and ultimately fell in a heavy shower on the beach. The explosion of the largo torpedo was. delayed for some time later ill order to allow the commandant and party to see it from the seaward, and the steamer George Rennie stood in as elote to its position as was consis tent with Bafety. .As soon as the steamer was iu a safe position, tho circuit was made com plota and the torpedo was fired. The column of wafcor sent up was much larger than in tho first instance, lmt the height reached was about' tho same. Of course the greater depth of water, and consequently greater pressure on the tor pedo, will account for the fact of the smaller eharge sending the water as high as the larger charge. One noticeable fact iu both discharges was that the iron plate forming the torpedo case was sent whirling in the air high abovo the column of water. The oxperiments made by the corp3 have been most satisfactory. They havo had some really hard work, for in addition to laying and, testing torpedoes and circuit closers, thoy havo laiduoarly two tniles of field telegraph. The corps, however, requires to be numerically stronger, or to have a number of working men attached, so that each operator could have charge of a working party. As it is the men are kept continually going, first at one job and then at another. They appear, how ever, to et»joy it, and have always been at work from daylight until dark. Tho only complaint with them is that now that they are just getting into working condition, thoy have to strike their camp and return to town. At QucensclitT to-day the Engineers and tho Victoria Artillery have been hard at tho same work, the former being enabled to complete their traverse befors they were compelled to return to town. About oO of them left by the after noon steamer, ivud as they marched out from the camp the artilleryman mounted the parapet of tho battery and gave them three hearty cheers. A few only have been left in the camp in charge oi the stores and baggage, but they will return to town to-morrow. The com mandant ami staff will remain here lor some days longer, as Lieutenant-Colonel Scratchley is expected to arrive from Tasmania on Thurs day, and these two officers will then fix upon the site for the new battery at Port Xepeau. The four 80-pounder guns are here iu readiness to be taken across to the Point at the first opportunity. It is also more than probable that Colonel Scratchley will be asked whether it will not be advisable to make some alteration in the new battery, so as to give the men more protection when working the guns. At present they are totally unprotected, and the retaining walls in the embrasures require raising at least 2 feet, and until that point has been settled the para pet cannot be completed. The Torpedo men, with their stores and bag gage, will return to "Melbourne to- morrow by the Government steamer Victoria, and the re mainder of the Engineers, with thfir h^gagis aud stores, wilj reiujui iii the steamer from here in tho afternoon, after tiring a rille match with the local corps. Tho only men then lc-i't in the camp will be Captain Stubbs' corps, who will in all probability remain here for threo weeks or a month longer., A Duplicate Cabi.e.—We [Oetloug AdvtrlUa-) learn privately that a new press combination has been formed by wliioh this Melbourne Aye, in conjunction with other journals in South Aus tralia, Tasmania, New .South Wales, Queens land, and New Zealand, will obtain special European telegrams. It may be mentioned in connection with this matter that in the event of the E.isterri Extension Company obtaining the support of the Conference to duplicate tile pre sent cable service, Colonel Glover,' the represen tative'of the * C.ompa'ny, promises to reduce "the cable charges for press messages to about 2s. Sd. per word, at which tariff the Australian press will be enabled to give readers a tolerably full digest of. the world's daily news. A' EoomsTi Young Man".—On £Jaturi]ay night a young'man uamcil' Collins was (says the Ay?.) preceding from ^elbcui'no to Footscray by the last train, but falling asleep, passed his destina tion. He awoke when near Yarravilla, auil, realising the situation, very foolishly jumped out of tho carriage, sustaining an ugly gash in his face, and severe injuries to his arm and hand in falling. He was conveyed home, and is-now progressing favorably under the care of Dr. ^lortou, . Late Trains.—The Ballarat train, due hero, (says the Daily TeUyraph) at a quarter past 11 oil Monday night, did not arrive till 1 o'clock yesterday morning, the long and provoking de lay being occasioned l>y the failure of the de partment to meet the travelling requirements of the public. It is monstrous that every little pressure lu'cueiimed by a holiday should throw j the whole machinery of the department out of Cear. I A Man Drowsed in the Merri Orkf.k.— On Monu;;y afternoon, between two and three o'clock, it was reported to Sergeant Joyce, of Coburt!, that a man was drowning in the Merri Creek, near the late residence of Mr. David Moore. Sergeant Joyce at once proceeded to the place, accompanied by a number of persons. It was then ascertained that a Chinaman, who was at work in a garden close to the plaue, had heard moaning in the creek. On goin" to the bauk 011 ,the. opposite side he saw the body of a man caught ini some busies. The head was partly ■ in the water. He made several attempts to throw tlic man a rope, but failed, as the dis tance was too great. A man named M'K.unzie states that he heard the man moan, and saw his hair floating in the water, but before he had time to render miy assistance the strong enr lent washed the unfortunate man down the stream. The Chinaman says that the man had on a Crimean shirt, ami this is the only descrip tion that could bo obtained. Sergeant Joyce and Constable Shatlery made every effort to find the bodyj but in consequence of the high water and strong current, they ware compelled to abandon the search.—Argus. The Late: f, 11 kv. B. S. Walker.—The lamented sudden death of the late Rev. Barnabas1. Shaw. Walker, of. Prahran, aud for merly o£ St. Philip's, Colliugwood, his first town charge, has been the cause of special ser vices, held on Sunday last, or arranged for next Sunday. The downpour of rain on Kaster Sunday was no bar to the Collingwood people testifying their respect for Mr. Walker, and the church was crowded. An appropriate sermon from 90th Psalm, v. 12, preached by the incumbent, the Itev. J. Caton, was listened to with affecting interest. He feelingly alluded to their late pastor's life, ministry and death, as well as tho death of the little daughter of the liev. Mr. Li'Aste, his curate, which took place 011 Saturday last. As the late Mr. Walker had succeeded in opening a secoud church at Col lingwood, it has bean arranged that tho lay helper there, an old fellow-worker of the incum bent, hold services there on Sunday evening next; aiul as a further token of respect a sub ecriptiou has been started to erect a set of memorial windows in the parish church of St. Philip's.—Aye. A Foolish Attempt.—One of those foolish persons, who imagine it to be an easy thing to jump into a moving train, narrowly cscaped being seriously injured at the station on Mon day. : A ^rian named John Evans (says the Jiallarat Star) attempted to jump into the van of tho 12.25 p.m. Clunes train as it was moving off "from the platform, and but for the quick action of Constable Grady and two porters would, no doubt, have bean knocked back 011 to .tho phUforui.' .. The man was taken to the City Court at once, and Messrs. I'ussell and Casselli, the presiding justices, fined him 20s. Monktauy 'Agents and Selectors.—The Ilorsham Timts states that "it is the im mediate intention of the Government to appoint a commission' to inquire into transactions be tween monetary agents and selectors. The .commission' will'consist of si* members, with the Minister of Lands us chairman, and Mill hold sitfcingS-in the various agricultural centres of the colony, where evidence will be taken. It is stated that already documentary evidence is in existence of a somewhat startling character, and that is not improbable that some curious disclosures'.will be made." .No Business oj? His.—A traveller, going to bed, was surprised to seo a ghost, which—or Wjho—iii a sepulchral tone began. 'I'm the spirit of.one who was foully murdered hero. " That's "iio business of mine," said tho traveller, turning round 011 his pillow. " Apply to the proper quarters; Good night." 