MB. SMITH'S ITEM. He came into the office, and drawing a irup dote to a reporter's table, he said the reporter: ' Take a bit of paper and I'll gire you When the reporter was ready the visiibegan: ' Vesterday aftemooon Mrs Smith—ray cyou know—and my daughter drove pith my bay mare for a little ride. JET waa driving the mare, coming down ix Airy to the Wissadickon, when, a klon' the crest of the b'H she kicked cine of her shoes." 'Jenny did ?" "So; The mare. Mrs Smith, however, isiided to go on, as the roads were soft, ci the mare quiet; so Jenny let her fated slowly down the hilL' "Let Mrs Smith or the mare ?" •'Ihe mare of course. A few minutes sa. however, while Jenny was stopping ipii some ferns for her mother, a fly rranething bit her on the nose." "Upon Jenny's nose or her Etiur's ?" So, no! The mare's noBe ; bit the mare "e nose, and Jenny hardly had Kto get back into the carries before ćebepn to rear and plunge in a moBt unarng mann er." "0, pahavr, the animal, the mare. Mrs of coarse, was very much d, for the mare seemed really ex- , and she began to scream violently' mto uy to get out of the back of the riiga" : "Ilie mare did?" 'Mis Smith. But Jenny toldher she " mare if she would sit "S die mare wcfflld at—3" ''liier mother would ait still, but atfena buckle broke and Jenny was P^to prevent the marc from .dashing the hill at a frightful pace. When uęcane to the bridge over the creek, JaSmith was overjoyed to observis the tame to a d ead stop ; tut, nnhapily, ; Heart moment a fit of; blind staggers' ®«ilerand—" "Struck Mrs Smith, or the—r , | "Don't yon tmderetandl Struck the and before Jenny could compre- "te lituation, she reeled about npon in an nncertain -sort of. way, - Mis Smith was completely . .nnand without eelf-coritrol, «nd tŁe moment she tamed an entire BÓmer- ^mer the side of the bridge irito the Are yon referring now łoMra Smith "any or the mare 1" - ; J_5hy Jthe mare! Of coune she" ^ he carriage in with ber, and Mrs d Jenny in it' All Xhree sank <» om, but the mare almost iinmedi- 'track out for shore, "and her by the tail. As they swam ^Mn Smith, Mrs Smith dutched at tearea—" •'•••. , . ;. v. the mare's dress ?" ;;: k, . At Jenny's dress and this forced her ® raseher hold upon the. tsiL" :- I thought vou said Jenny had hold of ; not Mn Smith J" i , So I dii Mis Smith had.hóld oF the r" 6 —I mean, yes, Jenny had told of \- mare's tail and Mn Smith had hold "Whose dress Jennv's or IŁB 1" v"T n » bow very ^U tbat-ikan. yiemare, nnint f'lnatesTani ta-" To the ffla "You think Ion kno on're smart now don't well eBongh I smeań a notión tb nnnób'Vnfer'i^sk shThnSnfl'' ^SSC wwnnwBif ^feij^T . didBhe sayihał fori" . \- "I came in ;hera/' said Mr Smith fiercely, " to give'you a Brat-rate item, aid I was, going to .tell yon w^at' Mrs Smith said about the mare beingdraggod from the water and "how she turned somersaults" all the way - tome ; but hanged if I'll do itnow." : The reporter rose slowly, iad elevating a chair to ward off the missile, he calmly inquired: What object had Mrs Smith in tam-' Mg somersaults all the way home!" | The people who saw Mr Smith come down stairs and emerge from the front door, say he looked as white as if he had just seen a ghost II those who are stricken with disease «nly knew what was good for them, the ranks of. the medical proiession wouldsoon be decimated. As it is, the army, of physicians shorld be reduced, and the only effective means of shutting out its constantly increasvng recruits is for patients to familiarize themselves, from the voluntary teachings of experience, with the remedies applicable to their respective cases. Tiius ODOLPHO" WOLFE'S SCHJBDAH AROMATIC SCHNAPPS would subserve the purposes of multifarious prescriptions. OXTGEN is LIFE.—Dr Brigbt's Phosphodyne.—Multitudes of people are hopelessly Buffering from Debility, Nervous and liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits, Hypochondria, Timidity, Indigestion, Failure in Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want óf Power etc., vhose cases admit ot a permanent cure by the new remedy Phosphodyne, . (Ozonie Oxygen) -which at once allays all irritation and excitement, 'imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled constitution, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto insurable and distressing maladies- Sold by all Chemists and Druggists throughout the Globe. ea_Caution.—Phosphorus is sometimes sold in the form of Pills and Lozenges ; it should be generally known that every form where aoUd particles of Phosphorus are in combination is dangerous. Itistherefore necessary that tiie public should be cautioned against the use of any form of Phosphorus not perectly soluble in water. 