WesI/Evau Church. A toa-mooting was hold yesterday ovoning to celebrate tho opening of tho new Sunday School Room attached to the Wesloyan Church. This room is a large and handsome structure capablo of holding a largo number of children, it was on this occasion taBtofully doeoratod, and presented a very striking appearance A sub stantial, not to Bay luxurious tea, was done ample justice to by a numerous company. Tho Bmall boy element wo observed, waa making nnrRnvnrinn.. ntirl run Tinvn Tin dnnTit. nunpnaafnl efforts to induco stomachic dorangomont. Iho members of tho church have groat renson to bo proud both of tho building thoy have raised, and tho spirit with which thoy havo mot and overcome tho difficulties attonded upon such an undertaking. A publio meeting was hold in tho ohurch at 8 o'ulobk, nndor the presidency of tho Hon. P. J. Footo, M.L.C. Tho chairman in oponing tho mooting admittod tbat ho experienced a gratification that almoBt amounted to selfish ness. Ho attributed all his comfort to Chris tianity, and the knowledgo which commonced in tho Sabbath schools. Thoro was a selfish ness that ofton gavo an impetus to tho spirit, but it was a selfishness that should not bo ro prOBsed, becauso it is distinguished by many characteristics that make up tho Christian ohar actor. It was a tondoncy which afforded happi ness, poaoo, and tranqnility, and inspirod hopo in lespoot of tho future. Ho folt ns much plea suro in attending the mooting and Booing his Monde there as he had over folt in his lifo. Ho had boon (surprised at tho manner in whioh people had como forward and put their handB in their pockets. He was confident, from tho way in which thoy had respondod to tho calls mado upon them, that thoy could bo depended upon for tho future Actions spoke louder than words. Fie exhorted the teacbors to mako their work a matter of prnyor ovory day, and to muko their dopartmont a model to their pupils. Tho greatost comfort in lifo waa to aco ono's ohildrcn evinco piety. It was only necessary to reflect to what extent tho community suffered if religion became lukewarm, to show the importance of Sabbath schools. Ho attri buted tho proBpority of Ipswioh to tho way in whioh religion was obsorved. Tho Eov. .T. Straugban said lie thought tho timo was not far distant whon they would learn a Iobbod from their Amorican cousins, nnd pay more heed to Sunday Schools. Ho thought class-rooms should bo addod ; tho school-rooms should be made attractive, and have texts and pictures on tho walls. Thoy ought not, in teaching children, to bohavo as though there wore somo latent principle with thom, hut to toach thom tho need of regonoration, and to bring beforo thom the f aot that a now nature must bo imparted by tho Holy Ghost. He re commended teaohors to mix socially with the children, and impress upon them what they taught thom in sohool hours. Rev. P. Robertson said that he too felt a Bort of selfishness, for thoy had no suoh school rooms at thoir end of the town. It was true they had accommodation in thoir church , but ho did not think it was always convenient to have ohildrenin tho Church. Ho thought that to have separate buildings gave the children importance in their own oyes. Ho ondorsed tho expressions of tho chairman in rospoot to tho necessity of prayerfulnoss in teachers. Tho object of at tending Sunday-sohool waa not merely to toach Scriptures by heart, that was a moans to an ond — but to fill them with a spirit that should mako thom a powei for good in tho world. It devolved upon paronts to instruct thbir children at homo. It was iinpoBBiblo for ministers and teachors to gnido the children to Heaven by themselves. Tho Rev. P. H. Brown said ho Bnpposod the fooling in their minds was surprise that things had been so easily and woll done, and that thoy had not been dono long ago. Tho Wesleyan denomination had been always distinguished for its zoal on tho matter of Sunday schools, and first inaugurated gratuitous teaching. Ninety-five years ago teachers got a shilling a day. From 1776 to 1791 as much as £4,880 was distributed as romnnoration to teachors. Ho read somo oxtracts from the lifo of tho late- John Wesley, illustrating. the state of Sunday schools in his timo. He alluded to tho fact of .tho secular element having pasBod from Sunday to other schools giving them moro timo for religious instruction. They were also moro Tiumano in the treatment of the children, and Sid not inflict sudi merciless hours as formerly. He recommended tho teachers to put thomsolves in sympathy with ths children. The Secretary read the report ? of tho com mittee rolative to tho 'building, which showed a d(fbt of upwards of £130. TheRov. F. T. Brentnall, in an amusing speech urged the meeting to contribute largely to the collection. Mr. Ginn moved s. vote of thanks to the ladies of the choir, nnd dwelt in eulogistic ttrms on the assistance received from them. Mr. Floisohman seconded the motion in ap propriate torm8. Tho Revorond F. T. Brentnall, in moving a ? vote of thanks for the chairman, announced that the collection amounted to '£26 4e. The Rov. R. Allen seoondod the motion, ?which was carried by acclamation. The proceedings terminated with the Doxology. Ikfanticide. — Wo announced yesterday that the body an infant hud been found in the streots of Ipowich. It appears that a boy named Ward, who wns distribu ting 'the- Queensland Twits at about 5 o'clock yesterday morning -oaw a bundle as ho passed along Bllenborough -street, and on examining it porceived that it contained the mutilated remains of a child. Ho instantly acquainted tho police, and Senior-sergeant King was speedily in attendance. Tho body was removed to tho hospital, where it awa:ts a majristeriul enquiry. Thb GkiUistah School. — Wo are pleased to notice that at tho mooting of the trustees of the Ipswich. Grammar School on the 12th instant, several alterations had been made in the prizes and eoholarahipB, whioh denote at onoe the prosperity of tho institution and tho autivity of tho 'benefactors.' The Tiffin Scholarship, whioh has hitherto been £20 is now tenable for two yoars. Tho Trustees', formerly a yearly scholarship, is also a tonable for two yoara. But wo further notice that three special scholarships will be offered for competition to lado under sovonteou, in addition to the old foundation scholarships. We sin corely rejoico to see this step in tho right di rection, and congratulate the trustees. , 