CAMPBELL TOWN. PIGEON MATCH. " A grand pigeon match took place on Friday, 11th instant, on the racecourse. The first event was a maiden sweep of 6s each, 21 yards rise. There were 15 entries. Messrs W. Waugh and J. Taylor tied for the prize, which they divided. 2\. Midland Sweep, 20s ; 21 yards rise ; five birds—1st prize, £6, Mr W. Waugh ; 2nd prize, £3, Mr J. M'Ewan. 3\. General Sweep, 10s ; three birds ; 12 entries—Messrs J. Brain, T. Clark, and J. M'Ewan were ties. The first prize, £4, fell to Brain by his killing first bird in the ties. It took the fifth bird to decide between M'Ewan and Clark. 4\. Handicap Sweep, 20s ; five birds— 1st prize, £6, MrG. H. G. Fletcher ; 2nd prize, £4, J. Lee. 5\. A private match between Mr R. D. Lord and A. Kearney was decided in favor of the latter. 6\. Handicap, 10s each ; three birds ; 11 entries—Messrs J. Edwards and A. Kearney were ties and divided the first and second prizes between them. 7\. Sweep, 10s each, was divided by the same winners, and in the same way as the last. 8\. Consolation Sweep (first miss out) ; six "entries—The prize was divided between Messrs Lord and J. Kearney. 9\. Double birds—Won by Mr Lord killing both birds. The shooting on the whole was very indifferent. SUBMARINE CABLB.—By the Wagoola, expected to arrive at Hobart Town in the middle of November, ten miles of new and very heavy shore end will be received for the the Bass Straits Cable. It will be of the same type as that used for the New Zealand cable, about thirteen tons to the mile, and it is intended to employ four miles on the Tasmanian side and six on the Victorian, that being the roughest and most exposed. The cable will be coiled in a large iron tank filled up with sea-water, and on the arrival of the Wagoola the Company's steamer Agnes will proceed to Hobart Town from Sydney and proceed at once to submerge it as stated. When this is accomplished it may be expected that the line will be free from interruption for many years. " THE MAIN LINE DIFFICULTY. — It is currently reported, says the Tribune, that proceedings have been instituted by the Main Line Railway Company in the Supreme Court against the Government to test the legality of the claim for interest from the time the line was opened in March, 1876, to November 1. Lieutenant-Colonel Grey will leave for England on Friday, Mr Davison remaining for a short time longer. SERIOUS GUN ACCIDENT.—On Thursday morning Mr George Swan, son of C. C. Swan, Esq., of Dunedin, near St. Leonards, was out shooting, when by some means the. barrels of his fowling-piece came away from the stock, and in falling to the ground one of the nipples must have struck a stone, causing the barrel to be discharged. The charge struck Mr Swan on the inside of the right foot, causing a very severe wound, a great deal of flesh being torn away. Dr Hardy was sent for, and was quickly in attendance and did all he could for the sufferer, who is now getting on as well as can be expected. AMATEUR BABEOwinsNi.—Our Branxholm correspondent writes :—An «musing incident occurred at the works of th9 Brothers* Home on Saturday laśt. Two gentlemen, in company with one of the Messrs Krushka, visited the works, and must -try,their hands at the barrow, which' they, did in the face. The barrow was; full of wash-dirt, and hoth Of them wheeled it a short distance when it overbalanced and landed on the bottom— themselves very nearly following, which brought a burst of laughter from all handB. One gentleman, however, managed to land one properly, whilst his companion' looked at him anxiously waiting to see another spilL CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.—On Saturday last (says the Devon Herald) the immense bulk of mail for the westward was too much for any living animal to bear, and consequently a cart had to be procured from the Mersey. Thé time occupied between the Don and Forth, a distance of four miles, was four hours and a .half,, during which time the mail boy lost both his boots ; and, leaving his cart bogged on the road, he had to seek the friendly aid of the farmers on the way to help to extricate his horse, and carry on the mails for him, some of which were lost. The mail boy cannot be blamed for the loss of mail bags, for he has quite enough to do to look after the life of himself and his horse while he is forced to carry such enormous loads. It is all the fault of the post-officejauthorities in not putting on extra strength, and making a daily delivery. WAIFS OF THH SEA.—Two pieces of paper, one of which has spent many months on the sea, the other only a few days, have recently come to light on the West Coast. One was found enclosed in a square bottle picked up by Messrs L. Castray and R. Wilson, at Bluff Point, near the Arthur River, on the 7th of this month. The writing upon it is as follows:— "August 17, 1877.—Ship Timaru, from Glasgow, bound to Otago, New Zealand ; 65 days at sea ; all well ; Iat. 43 deg. 57 min. long" (the paper at this point is worn away). Tlie document is signed "T. H. Taylor, master," who adds, "if found please report." The other paper was enclosed in a pickle bottle found by Mr J. . W. B. Castray between Macquarie Harbour and the Henty River on the 15th August last. It seems to have been dated 8th August, 1878—seven days before it was picked up—and was prepared in lat. 34 deg. 20 min., and long. 143 deg. 5 min. The writer says:—"Chucked overboard for fun by the surgeon of the Carlile Castle bound to Melbourne. Wonder whether and by whom this will be picked up, if e ver.—H. B." Nautical men find it interesting to ascertain the direction of the currents by these papers. It is a little curious that they should have been cast into the sea at widely different places and times and been found on the same coast within a short period of each other.— Mercury. ' THE RAILWAY DEPUTATION.—Colonel Grey"and Mr Davison, accompanied by Mr C. H. Grant, arrived at Launceston on Thursday per special train, and proceeded to the Brisbane Hotel. Colonel Grey left per Mangana yesterday en route for England, while his colleague will remain in the colony for a short time longer.. The locomotive used on the special train was one recently imported from England (No. 12.) It is known as one of Adams' regial box engines, and it has been found to suit the line very well. On Thursday it attained the speed of 45 miles an hour at times, and went very steadily.. CURE FOR SEA SICKNESS.—A correspondent writes to the Sydney Herald :— " Mr Knox, the author of an interesting book entitled, 'Overland through Asia' at page 22 says that a friend some years ago gave him a prescription to preventsea-sickness, which he used in his own case with success, and which he knew to benefit others. This is what the friend wrote out for him : ' The night before going to sea I take a blue pill (5 to 10 grains) in order to carry the bile from the liver into the stomach. When I rise on the following morning, a dose of citrate of magnesia, or some kindred substance, finishes preparation. I take my breakfast and all other meals afterwards as if nothing had happened.'" AttttTAT, RAILWAYS.—The New Yorkers (observes a London paper) haye added a new misery to human life. Their highlevel railway is said to be a success. This atrocious contrivance is a railway laid upon iron pillars 20ft high cemented by girders, and driven in upon the track of the tramway cars The passengers, therefore, are on a level with the upper windows in the streets, and the train, which moves at fifteen miles an hour, rushes past the upper floors at intervals of ten minutes. As the contrivance costs only £100,000 a mile, and carries passengers profitably at a half-penny per mile, it is sure to supersede tunnel railways in great cities, and to be the most effectual of all contrivances for destroying the small remains of peace. The passengers ascend and descend by spiral iron staircases, fixed at the principal points of traffic. LÓ.G.T.—Thé fifth anniversary of the Star of Temperance Łódge, No. ' 18, will ' be heldat Créssy on October 3, when "the Rev. W. White will preach a temperance sermon in the Wesleyan -Church. 'A tea meeting will be held in the hall Ua the afternoon, and à public meeting m the evening, at which Mr H. Stephens will PLATE GLASS INSURANCE.,—An Adelaide company for thé insurance of plate glass property has appointed Mr D. F. Scott of : Patterson-street.aa their agent, and peraons desiring , to effect insurances on their mirrors, windows, etc., will now be enabled to do so. LETTERS PATENT.—On Saturday, says the Mercury, the Attorney-General heard an application on the part of Mr George Westinghouse, j uni., of London, f or letters , patent.ror an invention for improvements •in apparatus for working brakes on railway trains by fluid pressure, the same having been protected and secured to him for six months on the preliminary deposit of specification. No objection having been raised, the application was granted. SUSPICIOUS DEATH OP A CHILD.—On Saturday evening a woman ; named Annie • Leedham, who resides in " Cloudy Bay," • Bathurst-Btreet, Hobart Town, -went to her room to put her baby, three ^months old, to sleep, and as she did not make her reappearance, the landlady went to call her,-'when' she found the mother, who had been drinking, lying on the child,' and the child dead. The landlady (Mrs Stanley), took the body to the hospital, where"it " awaits' an inquest. It has since transpired that Leedham had procured some paregoric for the child who had been 'suffering from a cough, and it is supposed an over dóse was administered. .Information has been givfin to the. police,—Mercury. A SINGULAR CASE:—A somewhat curi- • ous case of wife desertion.came_under the notice of • the Sandridge - magistrates on Monday, says the Argus, when a seaman 1 named Richard Wilson was charged with that offence. According to the evidence ' of the prosecutrix, a few years since the prisoner was left " a fortune 3 ' in England, and with her consent he • proceeded to 'England to obtain the money. He kept her in complete ignorance of his Movements, but she had been informed that he had obtained the money, andhadspeni; it. One day last week she was informée L that he was "a seaman on board the s.s. Lusitania, but under an assumed name, She accordingly procured a warrant, and had him arrested. The prisoner did not deny the charge, but when interrogated about the "fortune" he had received, it dwindled down to £100. The Bench ordered him to,pay his wife 10s per week; with two guineas costs, and to provide two sureties in £25 «ach to carry out the order of the Court. As he could not find thé sureties, he was sent to gaol. THE ADMIRALTY SURVEY.—It is at present uncertain, says the Argus, if the services of Captain Stanley. R.N., will be .available for completing the survey of Banks' and Bass Straits,and the adjoining islands. A. telegraph message has been received by him from the Admiralty office ordering him to close the survey and return to England. It appears, however, that the home Government was not aware'at the time this message was sent of the wish ' of the Tasmanian Government to have this important work completed, and their willingness to bear half the expense of the survey. Captain Stanley has telegraphed this.information to the, Admiralty office, and will remain in Victoria till he "receives further instructions.. On hearing that,the Tasmanian Government had undertaken to continue the survey óf Bass Stiaits, Mr Berry offered to sell the Victoria tó that colony. . Thé hon.. gentleman has, however, received a telegram declining the offer on the ground that the vessel is unsuitable for the work; She draws, too much water. - There has been iio offer for the Victoria since Captain Waddell desired to buy her for use in lieu of the Shenandoah. A WELL-MERITED REWARD.—On Tuesday last we learn that Captain Anthons, of the s.s. Argyle, Mr E. Thomas, second officer of the vessel, and Messrs M'Donald and Lumsden, seamen, .were presented with a testimonial at Torquay'in recognition of their bravery in saving the lives of two children in the River Mersey on June 28\. The presents consisted of a binocular glass each for the officers, and, a small purse of moriey for each of the seamen. The presentation was made by Col. Rooke, and Captain Anthon returned thanks for himself and party, the. proceedings con-; eluding .with cheers f or : the captain, ship j and crew. ! CIRCULAR HEAD.—Our correspondent writes :—The Rev. Mr Hughes, secretary; ta the -Distrićt . Parochial Association,' arrived at Circular Head by' the Pioneer, and'preached at St. Paul's-Church, Stan-j ley, on Sunday, :8th inst., both morning •and evening. ' ; The rev.; gentleman, who' has the cause he ' advocates at heart,' lèaves this day by the s.s. Devon for ' the coast ports. The - s.'s. Devon : takes up this trip-sdme'splendid cattle and sheep •for vthe 'LaunćeBton Show, from • Circular Head, shipped by F. W. Ford, Esq; BATTLE WITH A NATIVE HYENA.—Our Branxholm correspondent writes :—One day last week Mrs Beswick, who resides about a mile from the Brothers' Home, was a short distance from her house. Hearing a noise in the direction of the house she proceeded thither, and to her surprise found her three children (the eldest about ten years of age) had been at war with a native hyena. It appears the children went into the fowl house, and there was his royal highness. They shut the door and the battle commenced. You may guess what a scrimmage there was. The animal made a dart for the face of one of the children, when the boy, only about five years old, pluckily laid hold of it by the tail and held it while his sisters pegged away at it and killed it. It certainly was a courageous act for one so young, and considering the savage nature of the animal. WEST COAST.—Our Circular Head correspondent, writing on Wednesday, says : —Three more .travellers, Messrs Castray and Wilson, have arrived overland from Macquarie Harbor and the Pieman River along the coast, 'and are staying here for the Devon to proceed to Launceston en route to Hobart Town, but intend returning again. They speak well of the prospects of the tin mines, and consider the country to be highly'auriferous, and have brought up some specimens. They saw the Welcome Home between Whale's Head:and Sandy Cape,- and ihe' would certainly, be off the Pieman that night. The anchor of. the bdrk Rebecca, wrecked some, years back from Glasgow to Sydney, •was observed on a 'rock, but nothing elsp belonging to the ill-fated ship. One of the gentlemen just returned has established a store at Maoqjuarie Harbor, having originally left Hobart Town by sailing vessel, and reached the place iij four dav8. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GHOST STORY.—J- " A real live ghost is believed by some persons to haunt a house whiclihasbeenuntenanted for some time in Johnson-street," reports the Wallaroo Times of August 31, few nights since a resident of our town, happening to pass the particular locality after nightfall, was horrified by the appearance of a figure in white, which; he stated, placed its hands upon its knees and groaned dreadfully. The said resident; did not, however, stay to interrogate tlię ' unreal.mockery' as to the meaning of itB peculiar Conduct, but exercised such un|wonted velocity of movement that he found himself at his own door in an extraordinarily short space of time. It is stated that his hair resembled the 'quills upon the fretful porcupine'to an extent that defied both brush and comb to make it assume its original condition until the state of netvous agitation into which he had been thrown by the apparition had somewhat subsided. THE GROWTH OP LONDON.—An important return has just been issued by the Metropolitan Board of Works showing the " number of inhabited houses, population, and rateable annual, value of the parishes and .'districts comprised within the metropolitan area in the years 1856 and 1876, or as near those dates as can.be accurately stated." According to this return it appears that the total rateable annual value has more than doubled itself within the twenty -years. ..In 1856 the amount was £11^283,663, and in 1876 it was £23,ill,313. The total number of inhabited houses lias >'increased • from i,086 in 1851 to 419,642 in 187l,but in this column a -decrease fa-shown in respect of,the city of London, -The number of inhabited houses in the city in 1851 was 14,483, but in 1871 there were only 9236\. In 1856 the population of the metrepolis was 2,333,6)6, and in 1871 it had increased to 3,266,987. These figurek given in respect of the year 1871 are, of course, those of lastcensus. ' This return has been issued in view'of a possible readjustment of the representation of the several Vestries and District Boards at the Metropolitan Board of Works. ACCIDENT. — A man named James Francis was admitted .to thé Hospital on Saturday afternoon suffering frort^ the effects of a fall from a load of hay, by which he broke three tibs.';, Hę 'was at once attended to byDr Murphy^ and he ijs nów doing well: ' : ' '' - • - . ANGLO-ISRAJEL ASSOCIATION, —The second public meeting of this association was held on-the 13th in St. Jphn's.Schoolroopi. The chair was taken by the Rev. Canon Bro.wnrigg, who opened the meeting with prayer. The minutes of the previous-meeting were confirmed, and then-followed' Bome general business. After reading • certain portions of Scripture from Genesis iŁ, ;)the Chairman read an address having foritgrpjbject the question—"Is the Anglo-Saxon -nation Japhetic or Semitic?" : Captain. Urquhart also read :a paper in reference to the promise, ' ' God shall enlarge Japhet, and he shall dwell in the tents of-Shem.?' A discussion followed) much interest having been awakened in the subject. The meeting closed with the benediction. BY the mail news has arrived. that Lieutenant- Colonel' ScrricHley, R.E., his been elected àn associate member of the Institution of Civil Engineers of London. A CASK or STABBING.—The Tribune states that a man named John Charles Montgomery, residing in Liverpool-street, Hobart Town, applied to the police on Thursday for the assistance ofaconstable, stating that he intended visiting the house of another man named Joseph Graham, and there making a seizure upon furniture which Graham had bought from him and not paid for. An officer was sent with strict instructions not to go into the house, but, if any disturbance took place in the street, to use his discretion and arrest the offenders. The house was.reached, and Montgomery entered ; and while there he alleges that he was stabbed in the ear by Graham. _ He retired to the watchhouse, and obtained a warrant for his assailant's arrest, and Detective Simpson executed it it, lodging Graham at the station. GALVANIZED IRON.—In an advertisement which appears in another column, Mr W. J. ltout announces that iron buckets—made and galvanized on the premises—may be obtained at his shop. This is certainly a new industry for Tasmania, and one that should receive encouragement. We have examined some of Mr Rout's performances in this line, consisting of a large bucket, piece of chain, spikes, wire nails, split links, etc., all of which are done in a very creditable manner. There is rather more roughness about the bucket than there should be, bnt it is an awkward article to deal with, though probably even this slight defect will be removed aftera little more practice. The smaller articles, however, are executed quite as well as many that are imported. In one department, at least, Mr Rout's enterprise should prove very convenient. Ship and boat builders in this colony know what it is to want galvanized spikes for certain work, and they know, too, how difficult it often is—sometimes impossible—to get them. They need be troubled "in this way no- longer. They can now select any size nail they require and in any quantity, and have them galvanized to their ovrn order. SURVEY OF THE STRAITS. —The Imperial authorities, says the Argus, have resolved to discontinue the marine survey which has been carried on here so long by Staff- Co.inmander Stanley. A telegram to that effect was received by the Governor on Saturday, and by him communicated to Captain Stalnley. The latter has not received any official communication from the Admiralty on the subject, but the telegram ! stated that he would be communicated with by letter. This action on the part of the Imperial authorities is consequent upon the stoppage by the Victorian Government of the colonial allowances to the Imperial officers—one of the acts of Black Wednesday. It is understood that the Imperial Government have written to the Tasmanian Government asking them if they would be willing to complete the marine survey of the Straitp conditionally upon the Imperial Government paying one-half the cost. We have TeaBon'to believe that the Tasmanian Government has agreed to the proposal, conditionally on the Imperial Government paying one-half the cost. In all probability the work will be. performed by Captain Stanley and his staff, who will be transferred to Tasmania instead of being sent home. {From our Parliamentary report it will be seen that a sum of money has been voted for the purpose'of having the Tasmanian coast surveyed by Captain Stanley.— ED. L. E.] WHOLESALE PIGEON STEALING. —During the night of the 8th inst., says the Argus, the aviary of Mr W. K. Thomson, of Brighton, was broken' into, and 71 prize pigeons, valued at £100, stolen. On the night previous the doors of the aviary were securely fastened, and the thieves "had gained an "entrance by breaking thé locks. During the past fortnight several robberies of . a , similar description have taken place in the different suburbs. FIJI.—" Another outrage," says the Fiji Times of August 24, "has been reported as having occurred at Vanua Lavu Island, by which a white man named Douglass, the mate of the Daphne, has lost his ' life, and some of her. boat's crew have been wounded. No further particulate of this tragedy have'yet been received, • but there seems no reason to doubt the veracity of ino report. Thé constant- recurrence of these barbarous murders should lead to the exercise of the greatest care and caution on the part of those.recruiting or trading in this group." COTTON.—In 1860 the United States took 227,000,000 yards of British cotton goods. In 1877 we took only 61,000,000 yards. In the first year mentioned, Great Britain used half the whole cotton crop of the ..world; last year she used only 3,017,000 bales, -against 8,959,000 bales used elsewhere. : .English, manufacturers explain the .relative falling off by the increaae of capital elsewhere, and the ability of other- nations to cope with them in pbwer of organization; and add that the race will be to the frugal, the industrious and enduring. They might well have added alśó'the honest ; for the credit of English makers has been sadly lowered in the East, and Ainerican competition favored, by the excessive adulteration of English goods, aggravated by. short measure.— English paper. SODDEN DEATH.—Miss Agnes Simpson, daughterof C.D.C. Simpson, late of George Towii, was recently admitted to the Launceston Hospital suffering from, apparently at first, diphtheria and phlegmonous erysipelas, from both of which she had apparently recovered ; but whilst talking to her brother on Saturday afternoon, who had come to. visit her, she suddenly fell back dead. Dr. Murphy, who was immediately in attendance, attributed the cause of death to paralysis of the heart— a by no means unusual occurrence. THE HOBART TOWN HOSPITAL SCANDAL. —At the meeting of the Board on Friday, the visiting committee brought up a report with reference the recent improper burial scandal. They stated^ says the Tribune, that they had held several meetings, each of rather long duration, investigating the case. Seventeen witnesses were called and examined, but as the enquiry was not concluded, they deferred bringing up the result of their labors until a future date. Dr. Bright called the attention of the board to the complaints which had been made relative to the manner in which bodies had been allowed to lie in the dead house. He said that undertakers, jurymen, and others had referred to the fact that the corpses were insufficiently covered, one body being perhaps • hidden by a dirty cloth, whilst another would be quite bare. It is probable that by the next meeting of the board further' 'light will be thrown upon the matter of the burials referred to, and that it will not turn out so unfavorably as some persons supposed. EVANDALE.—A correspondent writes:— "A. public meeting in connection with the Good Templar Lodge was held on Friday evening last in the Council Chamber, at which a large and attentive audience assembled. Mr R. H. Douglas was too ill to attend the meeting, and, therefore, Mx H. Turner, of Launceston, occupied the chair. Eight or ten gentlemen from Launceston were present, among them Mr Woodgate, who gave two flute solos very much to the satisfaction of those present. The choir connected with the Presbyterian Church rendered efficient aid by discoursing (very sweetly) selections from Sankey's sacred songs. Mr Rawsthorn read a selection from Gough, and Mr Babington a speech delivered by Rev. Canon Wilberforce at Lambeth Palace. Mr Mann delivered a recitation with considerable effect. Messrs Lamond (a gentleman from Victoria) and Stephens (from Launceston) delivered earnest, thrilling addresses, which secured intense interest. The meeting closed by voteB of thanks, and the deputation were regaled with refreshments, leaving for town about 11 o'clock. O FFICIAL NOTICE s.—Tenders accepted :—Works on George Toirn Road to Upper Piper—M. Boland, at £331 10B 6d for section 1, and £895 for section 3 ; J. Campbell, jun., at £667, for section 2\. Mr G. S. Smith, Council Clerk, FingaU is authorised to issue miners' rights under the Goldfields Regulations Act, 1870. A TASMANIAN AT HOME.—By the mail news has been received that Mr C. J. Pike, son of the principal of the City School, Hobart Town, has passed the first year's preliminary scientific examination at the London University, being placed in the first class. Out of upwards of 200 candidates who presented themselves at this examination only 95 passed. Mr Pike, it will be remembered, is a Gilchrist scholar, and was granted £400 by Parliament as compensatian for the loss of a Tasmanian scholarship.—Mercury. WATERLOO.—Another and yet another of our Waterloo heroes have gone to their rest. On the 26th of last month one William Tutly—and again on the 9th of this month one Edward Williams—died at the Invalid Depot, Cascades. The former was said to be 87 years of age, the latter 88 ; both assuredly well past the allotted three score and ten years of mail's existence. It is but a few years back that the stiff, sturdy form of " Old Ned " was to be seen at Risdon Ferry, where he acted as boatman, and became almost a public character from his long services there. Many and many a hundred times, therefore, had he safely crossed the Dérwent, and doubtless old Charon will as safely cross him over the Styx in company, it may be, or otherwise, with his. brother soldier, who departed only a fortnight before. Such is life, and as with Sir John Moore when buried, " Not a drum was heard, not a fun'ral note," So with the deceased may aptly be quoted Eliza Cook's lines— " No sable pall, no waving plume, No thousand torchlights to illume ; No parting glance, no heavy tear Is seen to fall upon the bier," As in the grave they were buried.-— Mercury. A LUCKY MAN.—A certain Williata Morgan Harris, for whom a fortune of upwards of £30,000 is waiting in Wales, and for whose discovery a reward of £5iD0 was offered, has just turned up in the person of a bullock driver at a mill new Casterton, Otago, (N.Z.) MR TOM RAJLNTOKD, the well-known basso singer, is about to leave the United States Minstrels, and run a hotel in Sydney. ' AQUATICS.- Saturday was the day fixed ' lor the match between Messenger and Uay cock, which was for £100 aside, Mid hesame course as Hush and Trickett pulledto the championship lastyear-ont e Parw matta River, and about three ^half. We have been inform ed thattUe match was won by Messengerw ho w as to pull in a new English outrigger oy Swaddle and W ^ I ^ U ' S M S former champion of Englana, » j defeated when we publ^e-i some p ^ ^ Bpecting his cweer i gauntlet understood, is to thr0^rX e" t w| o, we to the. wilh his old fixed seats. 