_ ,AItTISTIC ,DItEISSING; . - i AT' aSTi reossig a s,uowhoei1 bet terundert Amerncmii s theo term is reeoivel, I thinkli, in its general aidens".'buitt has as pe ig-, '·ifiilndlinc ? in gi h tiebi*'iing'to the style, of costumesi introduce feour' or five "ears igo in' tlhe woRil' i'of1a 'rtists `and ithence :influeoncing even.' thio granidest .i dames" ,of i fashioin;'.: Iin what it, .inmaybe, asked';? doens "artistic" drossiconisist? iAnything:which is gracoffil, ,:pictioreique,- i classical, a niiid Squiiint,;regardless of the accepted standards of fashion. ,It matteris not; what century serves ,g a moIdel, wBhiat .nationi provides coloiii, texture, or desigt:i Art and, origin I I alityi form the keyo .otes, and casting ;aside the coinvention!ality .Yth'1e artistic" diress= maker consults l frforimi, complexion,; and gonre of dert iistomei," givig Gi'reek tiunics or Elizabetlnani rtuffs to tall 01o willowy figures," and :latsicdiiapoiry, close' oiutliiies; and soveielines toistoout forims - - .' There ae r~iseveral domineeriin houbseholds where it is coiisideired ) niiir'doniible :for : woman to attompt°any special affair in 'any other: than _an' ' artistic-" costumne:? which will in sonie degree' harmonizei withm inedi' reval, Oriental, oi :Queei And:e :furnishings and dflbrts,; n and: at 'once house ai recent conversazione ,gave the impression- to our .uninitiated eyes of a, faucny .dress' ball. JA pretty young, woman `in pale green 'eache' mire wrought with till yellow flowers,: and having ai scatrf, dr?i?ay frobm nhdr, shdidlders, 1preceded 'its up the' stairs; ahidtl the l hbstess worel a geniiine' Mari? 'Stuiit ,? costuime,! "pearls,: rUiff 'amln:all, withlthe solitary,nidne -teentlih centuij adjuinets of ligh emibroidretd. mits. Thoero .;ass a young woman iin' ceil satin, with 'a clothli-of-gold'lietticoat andl filleted hair, :whonwore a pairn of slippers in which Queen Anne is said.to, have dancedi at Bath,. and, theidainty little 'lady: stepped' about in -them· with-, difficulty, .:the heels were so high, and the toes so" nibbed ; " but theia, :as'- a friend roremarked, they' finished h ? costiimine exquisitelly.. There. can perh'iaps bo no, better- way of illustriatiigd the\girtisti astyle of dress than. by ddseribiung' few costumes, two of which were froi designs. by. Mr. Walter "Crane, an artist who, has done much toward ro .viving .splendour:of, colour :and 'the p:lictur .esque ýor :classical in design. ,.One of these - was a Greek tunio of-white cashmeure, woirn over a long-trained >petticoat of =wliite: silk. The tunic consists of tvwo striight -pieces:of nearly ei qual length, gathered' into a' wide band, ''the twvo fastened: togethei'by shoul der-straps either to ribbon:, or? . siunilat material.; these of: course are to -be.worn over ailiigh plain waist, with sleeves-of any and every possible desigii, from the narrow band to the classic ;puff. The waist is made bya .rather?bloa l-band put on-the gatih'er&d.front; breadth hthe lbackYhavinng ýa wide tape of linen;, band .sewed Jihlf-watr across the iiinei' side,. anfi buttoniig arouiid underineath, "'thus leiaving one - half the breudtli. lbose, the her fitting plainly to the, figure.{:, The, rapery,of ,lthe loose (half-' breadth must be carefully managed. ;Some times a pti ii'.kt'h.ihi mi .iiturned?:upi and caught lightly :vitli aib ow.;' again ;;a dclose fold is' made,.:witli a' buckle or arrow, or somenic finciful ornament; but in any case, frioii,thih'centr':of the breadth elastic bands are placed to, meoa the front breadth on the left side,s covered with ribbon and a bow whe~ie they, are seen. This produces the cliiiging effect without too much tension. The tunic sides are of course left open, and the front breadth is froquently cut so as to hang in two points at the side, where a tassel is sometimes added. Made of white; eachmeifire, and trimmed with gold or silveri 'Iniid or variegated ribbons, the tunics are extremely graceful and pretty, but they also commend themselves to soft silk fab rics,: foulards, and the like, while any of the wools of a bygone day-Indian, Llama,' or Persian --produce a most picturesque effect. A'mediieval costume designed by Walter Cirned, nud'worn recently, consists of four pieces.-a 'short underskirt of cheap white alpaca and coarse cachemiro, rounded slightlytowards the back; on each side breadth pointed pieces of an embossed gold and brown velvet, reaching above the knee, were placed; theosceond skirt was of white satin, emade ' in a long sweeping train, cut open on the velvet gores, and finished at the sides with a cording of yellow satin; the next garment was a soft, low, Pompa dourr chemisette of yellow Indian silk, which came up on the shoulders, gathered into. a rather wide band, and fell in soft folds nearly to the knee: a tight-fitting gipsy or low Zouave waist of the embossed Melvet was worn over this, laced across in front, with long side pieces cut open on the yelloivWsilk, and similarly laced; the sleeves w?ief 'fvelvet, slashed with pufflins of the yellom silk visible, and reached nearly to tlihe waist, where they end in a frill of old Honiton" lace, a similar frill being worn about the neck gathered in just over the shoulders andl lying downward on the band, back alnd front. With this costume a rich set of amber beads were worn in l heavy Strings about thle tiuoat; andL WOUuu in OLu fair h lair :of. the wearer. Blonde - haired women,, by the way, following the artistic school in. dress, are all adopting yellow. ,NEWv ZI?.tAND.-It has been the fashion for years past to point to New Zealand as the enfant terrible of the colonies for rash enterprise and .venturous expendituro on public Works. But a perusal of the import anitipublic works statement submitted to parliament by aMr. Macandrew shows that tile iprogrammo of railway construction em bodied in it, extensive as it is, is cautious and prudent to a high degree as compared with the loose and cxtravaga'nt and wholly political proceedings of our own ministry. We do not refer to the distribution or extiut of the. projected railways-- a matter otn which it would be impossible for any one outside the colony to offer any authoritative opinion. What we pay attention to is the imenits"f by whichrit is contemplated. to raise Ithei monoyr:for 'the, construction of the pro-* :posed lines a'sum of £8;385,000: Of this `sum it'ifsodiily sbught to raise £3,000,000 by way of:.additional loans, and thus the state creditor is offered ,security of £8,350,000 of riailways for a loiai of little over a third of the' amount. The government has in hand, available from past loans,:£2,,000000. It expects that the public works fiund from o;diiary rovenue during tihe next five years will amount to £8,500,000. To those' who conisidei this'l perhaps an unduly large ex pectationl, Mr. M?acandrew enumnerates, the immenise: areas of crown lands which the proposed railwyays would open., up, and to wvhichi they would give a valueo. of, £G5 and ipaviirds peir acre. In 'theA. Middle Island tlonie400,000 acres of crown lands will :be thius. ffected, .and' Mr. MfiacandreWiv 8eveni ventured to think that the whole estimated cost of the -lines to be made in: the Middle Island, £4,650,000 might be: defrayed .firo?l the proceeds of the .crowni land that ~vould. be iendered available for, sale. .:,Compare this system with that, in,. vogue: in .thii colony; and ,we see that the oneois?based'oli business principles, and.the: other, on. prin. ciles--to call them such rwhich if nacted on by a .nprivate person, would; soon land him ini?tla .,insolvent court.!i W.e, in :the list plice;, gie "away;the land.iati a ridieul ou?sly inaluate price to men who in maiin cases sell it to ,a ptuchalseriat five timos.the cost they pay to the -state., 'vWe .then.inake railways to add still fi.theirto :the. value of these laiids, aiind thoe cost we raise by loan! t,' rcmain. as a burden on .the noecks iof fuiture' go'i?datioiis,- when,: the' last,, acre. of the piuiblic ostite lhas been recklessly sqtian dored.-Australasian.i, ' BOLD PROiOSiTION.-A. s0omewhat ex travaigant schemeiiu i the now routeo to Aus-; trihaiia ispr:oposedl by Mr.,J. Glyn'of Leg-i liorn: It includes -a tunnel l.between :Gib raltar and Ceut? ; a continuous"line, of: rail-' way through, Central Africa from' MAoroccoe tob Port" Natal the linking. together.ofthe r?ilhvas of the several AListralian colonies,u uiinitiiig . P'Otih: vih Adlelaide Melbourne, snritd Sydney, ;' kida branch cline of railway; fiom itthe., coast opposite Adodn, -:bringing 3Bombaiy, Madras,; and Calcutta' into ,com munication. R'.i"cIFto. Tii? Busxin; . sos.--Oni Tuesday (says' thei Western?. Eaminer) we 'e were showna few .fia.gments of ,bank-notes foiud' in .the ground in the .bush.. ,These notes, 'some,. of .whicli.;h er evidently;i ..for .'large amountst, and of?whichl there .vereo a .great mnaiuy carefully stowoed away in a snall lbox. and covered ,with, earth, there to boe leftintil dalled; for. by tlli,' artyiwho had come> by thleti dishoiestl?, and feared,to- keep them in theni immed(iate= posession. , It:is .prob' iblld tlhit the doepositori;had liislawless career cut, short ;befqre, he)could Iratuirn; -.and' was i?nihablo:to give,,stIch a description of.theo place to"iy cily.anomplico as would ,enablo liim.n to. fidid' them. .The finder we .are infoimeo. was offeied f.1) .for othe pieces ljby one of' .the baiiksi but the: offer was refused. : DI:suiic? CAr?L ,C OPNCouN.-A i A.ovelty in. the s.hialie of a District :.Call .Company, sa s sytcmi that has been found 'to ;,ork ox-. tremely well' and to, be a: great' consvenience ii San iranxicisco aiid; mainy of .the i large dities ini Ameriica is about .to,be introduced in S;dniiey. ;.':The object of thle .company i 'to provide its ??ul scribeors in the city and subibirbs "uiith siimple, .yet certain, ilrrange men~ts p heil theyli can it. any moment oibtain 'the services.,of. a messenger to 'run iii ands; call cabs; or otier':vehiicles, fetch a doctoi;, send foi the police, give an alarm of fire, and perform many other useful ser vices upon the shortest notice and with the minimum of trouble to the subscribers. The moans by which these- objects are at tained are simply these. A central office in a convenient part of the town, with branch offices when necessary, connected with tlihe house of each subscriber by an ordinary telegraph-wire. Erich subscriber has placed in his house a patent automatic signal machine, which consists of an apparatus in white metal aboutthe size of an ordinary aneroid barometer and not unlike that useful instrument in appearance,. The front of the signal-box is a disc, the cir cumference of which is divided into several compartments, on which are inscribed such words as messenger, cab, police, doctor, fire, or whatever words are likely to meet the exigencies of the subscribers' ordinary wants. A moveablo index, turned by a pro jecting brass stud, can be set at pleasure to point to any one of the above-mentioned words. Say, for instance, a cab is required in a hurry. The subscriber sets the index to cab, and then turns down a lever-handle at the back of thie machine. Immediately this is done a corresponding signal is made at the office nearest the subscriber's resi douce, with an indication at the same time of the particular house from which the mes sage comes. Thie operator at once starts off a messenger to the most convcuniclt cabstand, and thie required vehicle is very shortly at the subscriber's door. So, when a medical man is wanted, the signal " doctor" being made, the operator turns to a book in which has been previously registered the name and address of the particular doctor whOSe services tile suuscnrler may uesue Lo engage; the messenger is forthwith dis patched with the message, and on this par ticular message he is always enjoined to run. Having duly informed the doctor, he returns to the house of the subscriber to fetch medicine or perform any other errands that may be requirqd in the enmergency. The process is equally simple when there is an alarm of fire or something occurs which necessitates the presence of the police. The subscriber has no trouble beyonul set ting the index and depressing the lover; his wants are at once understood and p1romptly, attended to. Should the flamily go out of town and leave the house shut up they can rely on everything being as safe as if a division of police were on guard, for by means of a special apparatus which can he attached to the signal-box, any intrusion upon the premises is instantly signalloel to the company's office, and an officer is im mediately dispatchoed to arrest the offender. The great recommendations of this system are its 'simplicity and efficiency. The ap paratus' can scarcely by aithy "liossibility get out of order;, it-requiros "no: batteries, and needs no inslpeotion 1dr suporvision on the part' of the officers of the o'company after once being' fixed. It is firither "said that the sorvices cani be carr'iedt it at so icason able a charge as t~bo'lbealtoether insignuifi cant as compaired 'vlith the convenieco .to be derived annd the troublile to"i be saved. Horald. :: : =" n - Joicus nyacviE~s.t -A Melbourne-station= owner, :ofsiýigrdit flthhiThida 'dfiri ff of fat sheep :bronuht = downi YtoP the metropolitani marlket. The' overs?aedmi caie :do? ' :,vitll them;' biirigi?g?as ?iin =dssistikn, driver, a black'oboy fromi thi: stitioin:'.Tliheidaikt-skiu, unused to civilisitibfi?"foell ill f'The o'ver seer donsuilted tlih liei;'asi "ta'irlhit 'he shouild dos -ithlithe sic1k boundiry-iider. 0 1" saidi?he,:' piut: himiu :theihospitl ; butdn't donitay i vlose' station he comes .'from -there might be somiethiii?to'opay."---In a cis ie ?i'ard'ii i' a -country insolvendy court, SlMlac -Swaggeir Wis puttitg, soime' point !strongly<beforid:the jiudget;'wienl the oppos ing:; oouisel, j umingg up" said, " ':Os 0. if your -HonorF can' tvallod ' that, youi cahi?'?swallow: anything. "t;Well"' 'retorted liMaciS. "I don't .care .what' your' Honor siiwallows, so long as yoti?'don 't;malkeiit retrinable ini tliis 'court L"' A "stid?tihool-tei chreh~~ lsuspect ing a child of =pilferiin;in'g;i ked' ta shilling, uwhiclih ws taklbn. :Taxed Wivitl the tliheft, Ithe youing culprit coinfessed `The?l comes lupon: the scene ain outriiged and iiindignant parent, who vwith hig~i morial tone iemoves the :'child, 'saaying he ciihnot appriov'e 'of setting traps in that way," and that he has ' noo opinion :i nyhow o-'f 'a s`chobol where thieviig is" taught I A"= n A:imerican was lately complarinigto: a;friend of mine about the carelessness 'of' hotel servants wheoi answering inquiries abouteabut sons 'residing fori?the time' in tle lioiise: " " hy ;sir, a countiryman of mine. tlio was staying at the Giand Hotel at' Paris asked fb?oihimself ait the inquiry-;office, t elve times; itiid ?ias'tbld eachlitimeo thiat thie w'as'i n'o sic li pison 'staying] inb ' the -hotuse . >At last;' on :the twelfth ^occasion ihe got 'iled,' ii'd 'iaid to the clerk? 'yoi 're i (fotrcible 'Amtehioan ?-e pletive)' fool, foi; I'm the m:iian imyself, aind vye been liviig hero for a fortnight ' -"Bo6xi?, B uns--.Boxes on .the: ear.,:have foimied thio sublect; of?,some, sensible com-' meet of late. D. Liewellyn Thomas, phy sician to the oyal Academy..of Music, wrxites iion the ' matter in: a le?itr to the Lon-. doiin Pi'res s-¢ Youiiil 0tie, fromthe Lancet, puiblished recently, obn thie perils attending boxts on the ?iars administered to children vell deserves the , `publicity which it has received ; n? Lyo nr,columns. Severe ear tfirlbles; ,?n? not uiiifieque?ntly death, have icsultd fiom- i,this, withl many. .teachers, favouiitde for?im of punishment. .The drum lieid minly ini many. healthy. children be eaisily riuphiu ed by a very slight coneussion; anid in -cases ;whichi .have recently under groie'tlie oideali of scailet; fever or. measles the: drtini ''ebiilnraine is ?peculiarily. liablo, to. liceifatiodi. Oblier injuries may also result' to the delicazte organ, and I have only to 'day, seen?, ait the central throat and ear lihospital, the caise of a boy with an abscess iii' the ear passage, who has suffered inaces-: siant pain for three months after having been struck by his teacher. These cases might 'be multipliod indefinitely, and an occasional inquest adds point to the tale. Every professional man is expected to know all subjects bearing on his art, therefore a teacher who by. his, violence produces an untoward result should; be found guilty of more thni a misadventure, as' boxing on the earsisi in?inowise necessary to tuition, and' ,eneriall iiidicates a loss of temper or inndate cruelty, both . of which are incom patibleowith' tli true functions of a teacher of the yoinig, as would be harshness or brutality on the part of a doctor." Hosna.Dns WANTED.n.-AcQording tO a letter from Alexandria in the Allgemein Zoitnug, a Turkish slave-ship was captured the other day by an English vessel, and the slaves it contained, consisting of seventy women and ten men, were liberated. The men volun toeered into the Egyptian army, but it was muore difficult to dispose of the women, as t, hey have no notion of liberty, and, if left to themselves,. would probably have been drafted, without making any resistance, into some Mussulmani's harom. Under the treaty concluded between the English government and the Khiedive, the importation and ex portation of slaves are forbidden; but the detention and sale of slaves are permitted for about six years longer in Egypt, andl I eleven years in the Sondan. Seveir'l oflicers accordingly came to the pasha of the district with offers to buy some of the female slaves, but the paisha declared lie would not part with them unless they got marriod. He then announced that any soldier or civilian wishing to marry one of the slaves would have to pay six thalers for her dowry, but tlhat the womoen would be allowed to choose their husbands from among those who should present themselves for the purpose. A groat number of men, .chiefly soldiers, ,. nmhlolr1 an t1hn iln.v n.nhalnci, for . 4.1,n selection. The women were so shy that they " huddled together like a flock of sheep,", and could not be induced to move. At last one of them, taking courage, advanced slowly to a black Egyptian ser geanut, 'who was anytuhiig but young or handsome, and put her hand on his shoul der as a sign that he was the man she wished tomarry. Her eximple was instantly followed by the other women, who rushed forward to choose their husbands as if they feared to be too late. It was now the men's turn to say whether they accepted the selec tion. All were satisfied but five, and even the five women who were consequently obliged to choose again were ultimately pro vided with husbands. A SisONGLAR D.ur . PAPE.-TIIO prl'veOrb different peoples different manners," is illustrated in rather a humorous way at the present time by the way in which the Rus sian paper, the Nikolajew Westnik (Nico laieff Messenger) is published. It has no fixed time for publication, although it has been established as a daily paper for four teen :years. Occasionally it appears every day in thie week, Sunday.s not accepted; at other times once or twice a week only; whilst sometimes a whole week elapses with out an issue. The time of the day when the edition is published is also uncertain. It has happened that the edition has been printed at six in the morning-indeed even so early as five a.m.; but as a rule its time of publication occurs between two in the _afternoon and ten iin the evening. The question was recently put to the publisher 'why his paper appeared so irregularly; to which he replied : " It is really too incon venient and uniform to issue a paper at a fixed time." Occasionally one of the other desideratum is lacking- advertisements, copy, paper, composition, or money-and should all these be present at one time, it not unfrequently happens that readers are not forthcoming. To Russian papers, how ever, it" not unusually happens that their publication is suspended for a period during the absence of the editor in the country, or 'for other reasons; -publication is likewise suspiided ' when a paper receives official inhibition againist publication oiin account of si'd offence, fancied or real, against the dlawas' occurred recently in the St. Peters burg Golos:- Priniters' Register. THiE CoLonnDO BEETLE.- This insect is also called the potato-boetle from its having first'been noticed in immense numbers on t'he potato-plant, which it completely des tIroys. In a parliamentary paper to hand we' have some very important information as to the size, appearance, 'destructiveness, and incirease of this insect. The . agent general in London,' Mir.. William Foster, at the:instance of this government ,, has com municated with the privy council office foi' the pui-pose of obtaining all the procurable information respecting this destructive, in sect. .'From the privy council office Mr. Foster was diiected to consult certain offi cial;`documents, copies of which were 'en closed to the agent-general; and it was suggested that further information might possibly be obtained by making application to the Royal Agricultural Society. Such have been tihe frightful ravages committed by this ;peculiai species of beetle in Amo ric? thlat on: the:14th ,of 'August, 1877, it was oi.dered : bythe l?aids of her :Majesty's most ho nboil?1 -Pivr;; Counicil that.after the 81st iAugust, same year;, it should not be i?iifulfor any person to laiid iiotato-haulm, l'ieids, oi: stalksl brotght .from the United States of .Amiermica, Canada, or the German empire,. And- the customs ,commissioners were empowered, in, any case, if they thought ifit', td oidei;the collection and des truoctioi ,of, any .sand, dirt, or .otheir refuse imported ?,with ;potatoes :brought from the United Stiates, Canada, or the German em piire Thle' following is a description of this insect:--It has the shape of our native gri?en .liarss beetle, but is a .little larger, beiin about ,evenlsixteeniths 0of ani inch log?:? Its" colour is a flesh tint, red or tuddy dove color,, ith black eyes, eighteen small black'spots and specks on the throax, aind five 'cirved stripes lengthwise on each :wing-case.. It hlis founid its way ,to Ger many and' Sweden ; and it has been found in all. sorts of. situations, and, upon other vegetation" thin' ipctatoes. There are three generations of them, in a year; and there is great dainger, we are .given to understand, of their being imported on board ships. Tihe advice is, if you meet with it, kill it at ionce. Youuan L.iIES OF. Teru PEIiOD.-A York shire old fogy describes in a letter to the Standard the dinner he had in one of the new school mansions in South Kensington. He sat beside a very pretty girl, and, old as lie was, thought himself lucky until she began to talk. What strange jargon it was that modern young ladies uttered! What did they mean by their chatter about " ex quisite harmonies of expression," " an almost rapturous sensuousness," " the divine ideality of man," and so on. He listened in utter bewilderment while his pretty little friend used these and other phrases still more mysterious, and talked familiarly of the works of a number of modern poets, of whom Mr. Swinburne was by far the most proper. The old fogy turned for relief to his neighbor on the other side. She too was young, but not pretty. Before lie knew where lie was she had mcu tioned the names of Herbert Spencer, John Stuart Mill, and Professor Clifford, and inhd said incidentally that she supposed, of course, that 110 considered God " quite an exploded hypothesis." After this York shire was hardly shocked when his pretty neighbor invited him to dine at her club to meet a lady whose last volume of verse he happened to have burned in disgust after reading half a dozen pages. And yet, as he learned, it was quite good' form for a miss in her teens to invite half a dozen gentlemen to dine at the Albemarle I WhAT irr CosTs To W?ITE WVELL.--Ex cellence is not matured in a day, and the cost of it is an old story. The beginning of Plato's Republic, it is said, was found in an ,1. Cnkl- e ··ses.I+Ann arrm· ;. a rrm*nfr·; r oF rvntra Addison, we are told, wore out the patience of his printer. Frequently when nearly a whole impression of the Spectator was worked off, he would stop the press to in sert some now proposition. Lamb's most sportive ossays were the result of most in tense brain-labor. He used to spend a week at a time in elaborating a single humorous letter to a friend. Tennyson is reported to have written, Come into the Garden, Maud, more than fifty times over before it pleased Iim ; and Locksloy Hall, the first draft of which was written in two days, he spent the better part of six weeks for eight hours a day in altering and polish ing. Dickens, when he iutended to write a Christmas story, shut himself up for six weeks, living the life of a lhormit, and conm ing out as haggard as a murderer. Balzae, after he had thought out thoroughly one of his philosophical romances and amassed his materials iu a most laborious manner, re tired to his study, and from that time until his book went to press society saw him no more. When le appeared among his friends, he looked, said his publisher, in the popular phrase, like his own ghost. The manuscr pt was afterwards altered and copied, when it passed into the hands of the printer, from whoso slips the book was re-written a third time. Again it went into the hands of the printer-two, three, and sometimes four separate proofs being re quired before the author's leave could be got to send the perpetually re-written book to press at last to have it done. He was literally the terror of all printers and editors. Moore thought it quick work if he wrote seventy lines of Lalla Rookh in a week. Kingslake's Eothen, we are told, was re written five or six times, and was kept in the author's writing-desk almost as long as Wordsworth kept White Doe of Rylsone, and kept like that, to be taken out for re view and correction almost every day. Buf fon's Story of Nature cost him fifty years of labor before hlie sent it to the printer. " He composed it in a singular manner, writing on large- sized paper, in which, as in a ledger, five distinct columns were ruled. In the first column he wrote down the first thoughts; in the second he corrected, en larged, or pruned it; and so on until hlie reached the fifth column, within which he finally wrote the results of his labor. But even after this he would compose a sentence twenty times, and once devoted fourteen hours to find the proper word to round off a period." John Foster often spent hours on a single sentence. Ten years elapsed be tween the commencement of Goldsmith's Traveller and its completion. La Rocho foucauld spent fifteen years in preparing his little book of maxims, altering some of them, Segaris says, nearly thirty times. We all know how Sheridan polished his wit and finished his jokes, the same thing being found on different bits of paper, differently expressed. Rogers showed Crabbe Robin son a note of his Italy, which he said took him two weeks to write. It consists of a very few lines.-Exchange. In the decorative arts, the Australian is superior to many savage tribes. " Without culture and without refinement lie is an artist. He paints in caves, in places whero he has access to caves, and where there are none lie bends a sheet of bark,. smokes the inner surface until it is blackened, anid then depicts with the nail of his thumb or i?abinoe awl, pictures of birds, and beast?$, ici aridn scenes in his life." But in alflliis iictorial essays, 'to his credit be it said, tlreie is no trace of indeceucy. HII seem' 0o ?xcel in portraying the emu, which' he represents with life-like accuracy in every variety of attitude, and in depicting troes. Mr. Smith states, as the result of his e xamination of the cave pictures engraved in Sir George Grey's volumes, that, with one doubtful ex ception, they appear to be the work of na tives, unassisted by any knowledge gained by intercourse with persons of a different race. An English paper says :-The Earl of Enniskillen is stone blind, and is the tallest man in the House of Lords, measuring six. feet seven inches; he possesses one of time finest collections of -coins in the United Kingdom, and in spite of his sad affliction, takes great interest in numismatics; his daughters, the Ladies Cole, are also exceed ingly tall, being over six feet. They are exceedingly handsome, and are good horse women. Thomas Hughes Q.C., the author of Tom Brown's School Days, is to be found in his shirt-sleeves ; it is with diffi culty lie can be induced to keep his coat on in the House of Commons, of which he is a member. He has an open counten ance, bespeaking honesty,. and writes a bold, clear hand. Mr. Smiles-has made an even greater dis covery than Thomas Edward, the Scottish naturalist whose story created so great a sensation when it was published some time ago. The new prodigy is, or rather was, also a Scotchman, for he has been dead for about ten years. He seems to have been devoted mainly to geology and botany, the scene of his labours being chiefly in the re gion of the Pentland Firth and round about Dunnett Bay and the north-east of Scotland. Dicks was the name of this student of nature under difficulties; for, like Edward, lie seems also to have been a working man, who had ia hard fight to earn his bread. A movement had been set on foot to procure him a pension, and had, we understand, proved successful, though the poor devotee of nature died before a farthing of the well deserved bounty could reach him. Mr. Smiles's life of Dicks will be published soon. The Austrian police have arrested the French communist Aristides Borre, who is accused of shooting the late Archbishop of Paris (Darboy) in 1871. The hope of raising the Grosser Kurfiirst is now well-nigh abandoned by the German naval authorities. The thing is not impos sible, but the authorities have satisfied themselves that the difficulties in the way are so serious that there is little prospect of its belic successful. In recognition of his minister's successful efforts to secure a pacific isssue to the con gross, the German Emperor has presented his life-size portrait to Prince Bismarck. The portrait is a famous work of art by Herr Winterhalter. To deter birds and bandicoots from steal ing the seed, wire-worms from cutting the young roots, and grubs from nipping the embryo sprouts, it has beeoon found effective to roll seed in pine-tar, and then in plaster. The scent of the tar will remain along time and will be disagreeable to the vermin. The tar can be most easily applied by mix ing it with hot water and then stirring in the corn. " Where's your master, Pompey ? " said an angry creditor, the other day, to a black servant of an intemperate debtor.-" Up stairs, sar." - " Getting drunk, I sup pose ?"-" No, sir ; he is getting sober." 