LOVE AND MONEY. My unlit., C'ornolia Ktishingtuu, had writ Ion to mo to invito uia to spend a Sutninur with hor, lidding tho information that— " Elizabeth lias taken one of hor fnm'is, ami gono to bury herself in .Uaysvillu for r.ho Sumimir, and I want soino one to' tak'a her plaoo In tho meantime." Not oxuctly a complimentary invitation, but' beim.' complimentary to hoi1 poor ro laliO'rr? was not, ono of Aunt Cm-dhHh'.* nessos. Ami I r?as a poor relation teaching Gorman in a> fashionable tiominary, and spending my vacations wit,limy (/r.-indmotber llushington, upon her farm at. .Uayiifill.;, Sinco Kiiz.iboih had yono there L resolved to jjo to Nowt.on. Now Klixibot.il and I wore both named after til's same yrandinother, Kliz- ibeth Arnold RuKhiugtffu, Wo tvi-ro both blond*' and tall, but she inherited a hundred thousand from her nniinmu; 1 itih'snt'KJ noth ing from anybody. When wo were babies wa wore uanuu and Bessie to diatingui.-di us apart, and it was Hilly when aunt was deeply offended, <ir, as IjixuliJ tfonld n;iy, very mail, indeed, that she ever called either of us Ifiliz ibutli. Tlioro was one drawback to my departure. Mr. ElerbM't Worth; oar niiiaio teacher, had asked mo to sliai'd it i.i /i.unti and hi.-J poverty and I liositatcd. Ho ',v;t3 rt man of sterling worth—ono of those thoroughly $o«l men, who seem to hiivo no talent for money mak ing but who win love by their own power of bestowing it. > But I was horribly tired of poverty, teach ing and toiling, and saw no prospect of any luxury or ease us Herbert's wife. 1 was not quite uno that I loved him well enough to help to bear his bunions or privations as woll as my own. So i asked for time to con sider,- niut I took the vacation tiuio I had de cided to spend with auntie. We secured a lai'g'o, airy front room in a fashionable boarding house, mnl my aunt made mo a present of a few new dresses. " For really, child, you are .scarcely prevent able,''' she informed mo, receiving in return the valuable information that my entire sal ary for a year would not cover the expense of what she considered a presentable out lit. However, although wo hail a few quarrels, and although 1 was told that I was forty times as saucy as Lizzie with all her money, wo jogged nlouij very comfortably on the nrhohi, and mint was rvry generous, though she was not rich—only comfortably provided for. It was in August that Mr. Selwyn Trall'ord came to board in the same house where we were staying. Somebody—that mysterious avant courier who proceeds most watering place arrivals— had told us that Mr. Trall'ord was nephew and probable hoiv of Erasmus Selwyn; and when he camo wo found him lavish with Ilia money, dressing handsomely,driving splendid horses in a faultless equipage', ami support ing the idea of unlimited command of his unclo'a purse. Ho was very handsome, well road, full of aocicty grace, and after our lirst introduction, was very attentive to me. Herbert Worth, with his heart full of tr"y love, had not s.nid, in tlio two yejtrs of our friendship, ono tenth part as inanT pretty things to me as Selwyn Trall'ord had al>id 0110 week. He invited aunt and inj't'e'f drive with him nearly every pleasant a.ft,ur" noon, and my venerable relative smi.1'51' grimly and accepted the invitations, boint" especially careful to select my freshest cok tumes for tin; occasion, ami lavish in the matter of rullles, neck ribbons, and kid gloves. " You are not half as bad looking when you aro well dressed," she said, "though yon aro not near as pretty as your Cousin Lizzio." She fretted for her favourite niece, and could not resist the temptation to give 1110 such little pin thrusts as these. Sir. Trall'ord was a line German scholar, and had visited Berlin, where I was educated in the days when my /ather livod. Ho could' quote Goethp and make pretty al lusions to my tlaxen liar in a language that was as familiar to mo asmy own, and while aunt dozed on a back suit in the handsome barouche ho couted nv in German on tho front. And I, wrappecup in one of Lizziu's India shawls, with a si!: dress presented by my aunt falling graeefi.fy about my French luxury,' alicTa" Aiiarfa"aweff'ti"Oe i/i,i5a'i?ilc.il"lt ing, tho seminary, itnd Herbert Worth. Dreamed, for I hii( waking hours when I despised Selwyn 'LVfford, forhis idle, useless existence, and his ]:>neyed speeches. And yet when hcamo nearer and nearer, at ovory interview to that proposal to which his porsistent attntions committed him, I gave him every sncouragoment, and aunt every opportnnif. August was over when 1 sat one morning upon to wide, vino wreathed porch of our cottage Warding house, alone. I had on iny pretti<t white morning dress, all ruffles and cn>roiderie3, and crisp new blue ribbons in 111 hair and at my throat. For Solwyu Tral'rd had requestod a private intorview, a?l Aunt Cornelia had solemnly charged 11103 avail myself of it. " The onf' good offer you are ever likoly to receive iy child." Only a\d, Selwyn TrafTord and myself wore at h*ie, so that there was little fear of interniti°n By tli.'morning post J had received a letter frr* Cousin Lizzie, with whom, at all times, I°pt up an irregular correspondence, for wo''era fond of ono another, though our liv ran in such different grooves. She wrote • l°ng, gosaipping account of the farm was my only roal home, of grand moth(B failing eyesight, and such items of intori'- liut '»» tho very last page she told mo a'ieoo of news. " will write by this post to Aunt Bess that°u may be prepared to receive me in all y new dignity. I am engaged to be inaiucl to a gentleman who is here for the Sutner holiday. I will not describe him I to for you will see hiu". when wo all meet n,t week. Aunt Cornslia will not faint, f, lie is a man of good tf.niily, good business piition, and fortune, and he loves mo. He ^'os me, Bess, but the cream of my story is come, tie believes I am you. He thinks lizabeth Riishiugtoii, the heiress, is at New Jn, and that I am the German teacher. Nobody told him so, only ho seemed familiar rith the family history, and accepted my iositioii here as evidenco of mv beinsr the Elizabeth Tlushington who always spends her '.'vacations at Maysville. I have not tokl the 'truth yet; it is so delicious that he cares nothing for iny fortune, knows nothing whatever of its existence. By the way, Aunt Cornelia hints that you will soon have a con6dence to impart. May you be as happy in your love as I am in mine." A ahaddow fell across my paper and a voice said: " What have you so absorbing to read 1" aud 1 looked tip to see Seltvyn Trad'ord. " A letter from my cousin in Maysville," I said " with a pretty romance in it." " I am fond of romance," Selwyn said. " Then you shall hear this one," I said, " If y>m promise to keep it secret till all the world hears of it." "I will bo silent as a sphinx." I read Lizzie's contideuce. When I finished reading I looked up, and my akarp lesson of mortification was stricken upon my heart at one blow. Selwyn Trafford had made the same mistake. It was the first time I ever suspected that Selwyn Trafford thought I was the heiress Elizabeth. But tho blank consternation upon his face could not be concealed by the forced smile upon his handsome moustached lip. He wib palo as a ghost, and said faintly : " Quite a romance, indeed, Miss Rushing ton. Your cousin seems very happy." "She is happy," I said bitterly, for my mortification was sharp and biting; " she has found one true heart in a world of false ones." There was a moment of silence, then Selwyn Trafford said, hoarsely : " Yon despise me ! I see it in your face, I hear it in your voico. But hear me. I am wholly dependent upon my uncle. If I offend Erasmus Selwyn I am-a beggar." " Your family affairs do not interest me," I said, haughtily, rising as I spoke. " You shall hear me," he cried, passion ately ; "you shall not condemn me without defence." " 1 have heard no accusation," I said. " But you know my error. 1 was sent here by uncle to woo Elizabeth Eushington. Somewhere he has met your cousin, and it occurred to him that she would make ine a suitable wife, with a suitable for tune. I came, as I obey all com mands laid upon.me, to please my uucle. I. was in reality wholly indifferent, expecting to find a frivolous butterfly of fashion, >?ho tfii'u'ld waltz([through society with her oviy, fortune, Slid allow me perfect lii>»-rty t,0 <!<,. tho same. 1 found :i woman who had ,u heart, a brain, a disposition that; nii«ht win tho true, loyal love of any man; a \\\v>in. n full of noble iuapirations, winsome and diyi f«xl ; and while J ol,i-;,ed inv uneK I love I Elitttheth Kiidhitigtoii. [ have lifDii ai\ empty hrad-jd fop, hut y>u cmild Jiiivo made mb a' man ! And with the love atrmijj in my heart, the flop" bright. and eluar, X _ ciuac to :i-k you to ho my wife, mid Tfind'"" 1 mtint- tear myself Ii\im you," 1 smiled biuerlv. . .. " N'it, lioo-itw yon are poor,, hut,, bcattuu* 1 am! Not, heeaitsi; yon are not; th«'heirii»„ ; but. bee-uine my unclo will thrust me out to .starve if t Iwini; home a wife other than the j one thai, he has chosen. And .I lovu you tum woil to dra^ y..u down to such poverty as au utterly u'ei'jf.H matt, deprived .of.;fotUroe» must endure." ' Without, waiting for my reply,, ho tume<\ aud away went, into tho housi\ usd 1 kecui the door of hia room closo sharply..- - •, A nioniont lateral y aunt stepped from the low window of the parlor. ; Never had hec face been no womanly in its tendernesses it, was when ahe pressed her lips upoMuuiiie. SSVyhlK'* . Bessie, forgive me! 16 Was nil myfault. But, L thought it was sucli » chance foe yon." ' - ' V ;■ r;: . " Von have hoard'/" I said. ■ . " Yea ; i was dosing on tho sofa when your voice awiiiened me." '• You knew thu mistake Selwyn was making'"' "1 guessed it. And really, child, I could not hi? expected to act him right." " No' it is a pity, though." " You loTo him/ I did not think you did." " I don't. T might have married him, as ho might hiivo married mo, for money, butt I do not lovo him. Still, as you heard, he; loves mo." And when [ heard six months later of' Selwyn Trall'ont's engagement. with a real bona lido heiress, I endorsed my aunt's, opinion. l)ut 1 wont back to tin; seminary a sadder and a wiser woman, having learned tho value. I of the truo heart that loved me. Herbert Worth is my beloved and honored husband and wo live upon his salary in n. modest., oozy fashion, but very happy. lint i drive out no more wrapped in India. shawls, leaving all such luxuries to my ■ cousin Elizabeth, tho heiress, who v.-as married at the same t,imo I was, our aunt • insisting upon giving a grand entertainment to celebrate the double wedding of the. Misses Elizabeth llushington. 