PARLLAMENTARY. The Notice-paper of the Council for the current week is chiefly remarkable for the scantiness of its contents. The second reading of the Inebriates Bill and the motion of the Chief Secretary on the subject of Upper House Reform constitute the only business down for discussion, and this notwithstanding that a fortnight has elapsed since the last meeting of the Council. On the other hand the Notice paper of the Assembly is crowded with work, no less than twelve Bills being down for discussion, besides a number of important private motions. Why some reasonable attempt to distribute the Go vernment measures between the two Houses is not made is past compre hension. . Equally extraordinary is it that the members of ' the Legislative Council complacently accept the situation and adjourn from fortnight to fortnight when the session is young, knowing full well that a great rush of business, the pressure of which might be prevented by proper management, will come upon them during the three or. four weeks preceding the prorogation. There are Bills on the Assembly's programme which might with perfect appropriate ness have been committed first to the care of the Council. As it is, their considera tion is being postponed from week to week, and it is not improbable that in the end they will either be inconsiderately thrown out or carried .through both Chambers with such haste as to preclude the possibility of due attention being paid to their provisions. In the six or seven months of an ordinary session there is as a rule ample time for a careful and intelli gent scrutiny of all the measures that are submitted, but owing to the way in which Parliamentary business is conducted a large proportion of the time is absolutely wasted. Afewsubjecta, oftentimes of minor importance, monopolize the attention of members, and the work of practical legis lation is hastily and badly done. The frequency with which amending Bills are -brought in affords forcible evi dence of want of ordinary care iu the passing of the Acts to which they relate. The cumbersome and un systematic method of drafting Bills .which obtains here has no doubt mnf-r» to., do - in promoting this never-ending saccessioa of amending measures, but it is only one of the causes. The spasmodic and hap hazard way in which Parliamentary busi ness is conducted can result in nothing better than the unsatisfactory jumble of contradictions, anomalies, aod defects which our legislation to so large an- extent presents. If a judicious apportion ment of the work to bo done were mado by the Government, and if tho members as a body were to discountenance the attempts of some of their number to give unwar ranted prominence to topics in which they feel especial interest, not only would moro business be got through, but it would bo incomparably better done than at present. A peculiarity in connection with tho proceedings of this session to which wo have before referred is that the Govern ment seem reluctant to bring forward the measures to which most prominence was given in the Governor's Speech, and which it may be assumed will demand an exceptionally large share of Parliamen tary attention. The delay in the intro duction of a Bill dealing with Legislative Council reform has been sufficiently accounted for ; but the Pastoral Lands Amendment Bill, the Supreme Cour: Reconstruction Bill, the Northern Ter ritory Labour Bill, tho Insolvency Bill, and the Railway Bills, to which special reference was made by His Excellency, \ have either not made their appearance at ' aU or are being kept at the bottom of the Notice-paper. We are glad to obaervo that to-day the Attorney-General Is to ask leave to bring in a BUI to consolidate and amend tho Eloctoral Laws ;, but this measure, although necessary and impor tant, can hardly be placed in the front rank of Bills which the Government have pledged themselves to lay before^e Legis lature. The same may be said of tho five measures which are placed at tho head of this afternoon's programme in tho As sembly — to wit, tho Port Adelaide Recreation Bill, tho Rabbit Bill, the Copyright Bill, the Masters and Servants Bill, and the Forest Trees BilL The caso is different with the Real Property, Sewers, and Education Bills; but of theso one has been put down for a fortnight hence, another for the end of the week, and the third so low on to-day's Paper that it is not likely to be reached beforo the adjournment. As to the Railway Bills, which have in a body been post poned from week to week for a month past, it will be well for tho Government in their own interests to explain as speedily, as possible what their intentions are and the reasons for them. It is possible that much of the local agitation which may prove fatal to some of the linos would bo allayed if the Ministry gave a clear and exhaustive statement of their policy upon tho subject. Turning to Wednesday's list of private business, the first item for discussion is Mr. Bright's motion asking the House to declare that it is not desirable to call for tenders for the construction of the break water at Victor Harbour until it has' been ascertained whether the Kapunda and North- West Bend Railway will be sufficient Io convey the River Murray traffic to Port Adelaide. This proposition strikes us as ?being one of the most questionable that has ever been brought before Parliament, and in a separate article wo have, set forth some of our reasons for that opinion. Tho same member has a motion on the Paper for the production of a return showing the total outlay on rail ways, public buildings, waterworks, main roads, harbours, and jetties respectively for the several years ending 30th June, 1873-78, together with the names and sala ries of the officers employed in such years, including those whose salaries are not provided for in the Estimates. It is difficult to Bee of what possible value such a leturn would be. It would no doubt whin prepared prove to be one of tho moit voluminous of the many worthless returns ordered by individual members ; but the time has surely come for tho Houre to exercise some discrimination ia regard to motions for papers the com pilation of which entail much time and no little expense. What good object can be served by reprinting the Blue-book for six years, and adding thereto tho names of officers on the provisional and temporary staff, Mr. Bright will find it hard to explain. Mr. Townsend intends moving for leave to bring in a Bill to amend the Corporations Act, and among the Orders of the Day are Mr. Ward's motion respecting the interest to be charged upon postponed payments by selectors and the second reading of the Licensed Victuallers Amendment BilL *' Adelaide Dairies and Oowtakds.— It ia satisfactory to find that the condition of the dairies and cowyarde in and around Adelaide is now engaging tho attention of the City Council. Tho filthy Btate of some of these lias boon described by Dr. Campbell, and a report forwarded to tho Council by the Health Officer also points to the necessity for the enforcement of deanliness in tho places whence the milk supplies of the city are procured. Dr. Way Btates that their condition is far from satisfactory, but that there are ' no startling revelations' to bo made. In this respect hia report is somewhat at variance with tho description given by Dr. Campbell of dairioa visited by him in the company of the Health Officer. We have already referred at length to tbe dis closures made by Dr. Campbell, and noed only here Bay that they pointed to a state of aflairs wliich might well be termed {startling. Dr. Way's report shows that the remarks then mado were in no way exaggerated. Thus ho states that ' in fully one-third tho houses of the owners may be condemned as dirty.' Very few ? not more than half a dozen — cowyards are paved, and often the yards are not drained, 'so that in wet weather many of them are converted into boggy quagmires, which, receiving the excreta from the cattle, become dry either by soakage or by dissipation into the air in the form of vapour or effluvia.' In very few cases miiking-sheds are provided, which, as Dr. Way points cut, is a serious defect in th^1* extremes of weather, while in some the 1 proximity of privies adds a further ele ment of danger. All this may not be ' startling,' but it is sufficiently alarming to warrant serious apprehensions of an outbreak of disease through the nee t of tainted milk. The Health Officer remarks that the evils arising from cowyards are somewhat limited in their extent in Adelaide, for two reasons. In the first place, because the caHle are not kept npon the premises ; and in the next, because milk is not stored for any length. of time, but is Bent out for distribution Bhortly after it is taken from the cow. As to the first point, it seems to be of very little consequence whether the cattle are kept in the jarda or not if the condition of theae is _ as filthy as it is said to be. Whilat it ia satisfactory to Jearn that milk is not long exposed to the contaminating iniluence of dirty surroundings, it would certainly be far better that it should not be thus exposed at all, and it is unnecessary to poiut out that in the heat of summer a very short time suffices to effect the mischief ?which it is so important to prevent. White holding the views thus referred to, Dr. 'Way admits the necessity for framing regulations to prevent unsuitable pre mises from being used, and to ensure . 'more general attention to cleanliness and to the details of the business.' We are glad to find also that the Health Officer approves of the suggestion that licences should be issued for premises used as dairies or cow yards. By this means the necessary power will be obtained, and the desired objects ?will be readily attained. As we have already pointed out, By-laws can easily be framed to meet all the circumstances of the case. It is to be hoped that the question will now receive earnest con sideration; and that decisive steps will be ftaken to prevent the Bale of contaminated or impure milk in the city. Webck of tub Hydrabad. — The Commis sioner of Public Works has received a telegram from Mr. J. Knowles, Tinder-Secretary to the PnblicWorksDepartmentofNewZealand, stating that the Underwriters' Association had called for tenders to be sent in until Saturday next for the raising of the ship Hydrabad and saving the cargo. ? ] OmxDBHs's Hospital— A meeting of the General Committee will be held at Temple* Chambers this afternoon. Arrival of Ship Bodkky n» Loiroon. — Messrs. Harrold Brothers have received a tele gram, dated London, July 6, announcing the arrival 'all well' of the ship Bodney. It will be remembered that this vessel took from hence a large number of passengers, including the Hon. T. English, Mr. and Mm. : J. Dunn, jun., Mr. and Mrs- Wm. Milne, inn., and Mr. and Mrs. Lane and others. ' Coast Defences.— Colonel Scratchley will return to Adelaide early in August in order to meet Sir William Jervois and confer with him as to the carrying out of the coast defences of the colony. ; The Chuiborazo.— Messrs. J. Stilling k Co. inform us that tlieir agents at King George's Sound advise that the CMmborazo passed to westward of Breaksea. Light at noon of the 6th instant. Pbize for Meotosx STCDB-rrs. — 'We an nounced in May last that Dr. McHenry, formerly of this colony, had placed at the dis posal of the South Australian Government, through Sir Arthur Blytb, the Agent-General, a cnse of surgical instruments for presentation to the first student from the colony who distin guished himself in his studies at any medical school in England or the colonies. 'We now It arn that the Government have given the prize to Mr. Joseph C. Yerco, MD., son of Mr. J. C. Verco, J.P., of North Adelaide. 'We have already published a list of the honours and tUcreeswon by Dr. Verco during his career as nedical student in London of seven years, and we reed only add that he is now practising his profession in Adelaide. Corscit of Kuccatiojt. — At the meeting of this body on Monday, July 8, it was reported that the average percentage of passes at 12 public s:hools recently examined was 70*75, and at four provisional schools 41'99. The cases of three schools from which the worst reports had Yet a received were ordered to be considered in Committee. It was mentioned that all the candidates passed at the recent 'examinations f-:r c- rtificate.o. Their tames are given in the report of the Council's proceedings. Tuz Late Mr. W. K. Thomas. — The name of Mr. Gco. Eiiner should have appeared with the lut cf those who were present at the funeral of the late Mr. W. K. Thomas. Mr. D. W. Duffielil has written to siy that he was unavoidably prevented from paying 'the last mark of rt»pect to the memory of one whom to know was to esteem and love ;' and from numerous correspondents we have received expressions cf sympathy in connection with the late gentle rra:i's decease. The Turtoman of Monday pub lished an i'.i mmcrijiu likeness of the deceased g-'utli-man. with the fo;Jonrin-i extract from the Kev. S. Mead's address: — 'It u to such men that the Litt-r generation of colonists are in ihbted for much of that sound integrity in business life existing among us.' 'We have al-o received from Mr. J. Hood, of Glenelg, an ixct'.lent photograph, in cabinet size, of the late Sfr. Thomas. Sltre-iib Cocbt Civil Sittings.— The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court will begin this rt.orning at 10 o'clock before His Honor Mr. Justice Stow. There is a very full list of cases. Departure op tub Cczco. — Owing to the unavoidable delay in decking the steamship Cuzco in Melbourne, her departure from the Semaphore has been postponed trom the 16th to the 20th insfc. DUSTBCCTTOH OF THB 'WATERLOO MlLL. — A correspondent, writing from 'Waterloo under date July 8, says : — ' The inhabitants of this township were roused about 2 this morning with the news that the 'Waterloo Mill was on tire. On turning out we found the building in a blaze from top to bottom, the roof had fallen iu, ard the flames were proceeding from all the openings. The mill had not been working for five months and was offered for sale about a fortnight ago without finding a purchaser. It was said to be insured for £1,000.' COMTLAJUTS AGAIK5T THB DbACTAQB OF THB Norwood Model School. — The head master of these schools, Mr. J. T. Smyth, B.A., OK., is a little indignant at the Local Board of Health, who at a meeting of the Council of Education on Jnly 1 were reported to have said that ' owing to the bad stste of the drainage at the Norwood school two cases of fever had occurred among the scholars.' Mr. Smyth, in a letter to ihe Council, read at their meeting on July 8, characterized this statement as a 'gross exagge ration,' the fact being that so far as he knew there was no case of sickness within a radius of half a mile of the school. One pupil who lived 'at Kent Town had had the fever, but the members of his family had not been allowed to attend the school. The only other case that had come to Mr. Smyth's knowledge was one of a yonng wan, 20 years of nge, who lives near Kensington. The Council decided to send a copy of Mr. Smyth's letter to the Local Board cf Health. Conduct of Brswsss at Cttt Council Meetings. — A new code of Standing Orders for regulating the proceedings of the City Council was considered at their meeting on Monday and passed, and ordered to lie on the table for a fort night, when it will be finally adopted. Oae of the Orders agreed to, and 'to which Messrs. Raphael, Richardson, and Holland objected, wsj to the following effect: — 'Any member who shall wilfully and without just cause obstruct the transaction of business at acy meeting of Council or of any Committee shall, if it be resolved by three-fourths of th-? member* present that such member has wilfully and without just cause obstructed or impeded the transaction of business thereat, bo deemed to have failed duly aBd faithfully to fulfil the duties of his office according to 'the best of his judgment and ability, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Mayor to summon a specLil meeting of the whole Council, and to give notice to the said member to show cause at scrh mqgtfpg why he » lion Id not be amoved from his gjflk; and unless eaupe sufficient be shown to lucn meeting, snch member may be amoved by a resolution of the members attending; and . after sucB amoval such member shall cease to be a member of the Council, and hb office shall te deemed to have become vacant.' Copttxg-Prksses ior Boards o»Anvica. ? The Buna Local Board of Advice having applied to the Council of Education tor a copyingpress, the general question of supplying such articles to all Boards of Advice was considered by the Council on July 8. Objection was made that the cost would be at least £200 before the forty Local Boards were supplied ; but after a disens Mon the Council decided to grant the request of the Burra Board. Crrr Contcrx.— At the meeting of this body on Monday the Mayor reported that the Ade laide ana Suburban Tramway Company had agreed to attend to all the matters affecting the convenience and safety of the pnblic which had been pointed out to them as needing alteration. He recommended that the question of their legal rifihta to do certain things should for the present be left in abeyance. A report was re ceived from the Officer of Health on ths oow yards of the city, which were generally stated to be in a dirty condition. He recornme'nded in order to ensure cleanliness that the premises be licensed in the same way as slaughterhouses. The Council agreed to grant a lease of the race course to Mr. Hanilin on behalf of a Committee, at a rental of £100 per year, to be reduced to £50 per year when the sum of £2,000 has been expended in improvements to the present Grand Stand or in the erection of a new one. 'With regard to the request of the Government for portion of the Park Lands opposite Barton terrace, North Adelaide, for the purpose of con structing a small reservoir, it was decided to suggest a piece of private land as being a more suitable site for the object, but in the event of this not being approved of, to comply with the request on certain specified conditions. Mr. A. McDonald was ilected gardener of the city squares. PauFESSOB Lamb's Lectures. — The second of Professor Lamb's course of lectures on ' The Earth's Shape and our Knowledge of it ' was delivered by him in the South Australian Insti tute Reading-room on Monday evening, July 8, to a somewhat small bat interested audience. In his last lecture Professor Lamb discoursed upon the earth's shape and size, and on this occasion his subject was latitude, longitude, and time, the means of calculating which he described at considerable length by means of the globe, diagrams, and a blackboard. He also gave an interesting illustration of the use of the sextant and its value to mariners. The next lecture will be on maps and charts. The Lost Ten Tribes.— A meeting waa held on Monday at the Flinders-street Baptist ?Vestry of those interested in the subject of the Lost Ten Tribes of Israel. The topic of the evening — ' Israel most be discovered as a Christian nation' — was introduced by Mr. James in an able manner. An animated discus sion followed, in which many of those present took a part, and although the subject was not by any means exhausted or proved beyond a doubt many very striking proofs were brought forward in support of the theory. It was also announced tliat a fortnightly meeting will be held in future to discuss the whole subject, the time and place to be advertised. : Military Drill ra Schools.— It seems probable that the Council of Education will have some difficulty in enforcing the attendance of teachers at the proposed Saturday morning drill classes. At the Council meeting on July 8 two teachers asked to be excused, on the grounds of present efficisney, one having been a volunteer officer in Victoria and another being at the present time a member of one of the branches of our defence force. A third mal centent asked to be exempted because he being a Quaker had conscientious scruples against '?military drill.' Some members of the Council laughed at the scruples, but they nevertheless excused the applicant on a second plea, namely, the inconvenience of the journey to and from Golden Grove. It was decided to ask Colonel Downes bis opinion as to the exemption of efficient volunteers past and present. Lights asd Gangways. —As showing the marked effect of the recent prosecutions at Port Adelaide for infringements of the harbour regu lations respecting lights and gangways, it was found, for instance, from Jervois Bridge to Queen's Wharf, that, with one exception, on Monday night, July 8, every ' ship' occupying wharf and stage berths exhibited a light, and, except in the case of ketches lying outside others, gargways were also provided. The instance referred to in which no light was shown was that of a small cutter, apparently less than 10 tons size. While it is clear that it is unad visable for small craft to .provide the gangways specified by the regulations, and which seem suitable for larger vessels, it is equally necessary that some communication should be afforded between them and the wharf, and this was done on Monday night. Planks were mostly used, but occasionally a narrow gangway was fixed in the rigging of the ketch or cutter at the same height as the wharf upon which it rested, and over this substituted gangway a clear light was hung on the rigging. The regulations also require that a watchman shall be on the deck of ' all vessels' from sunset to sunrise ; but this rule the coasting crait have never observed, and would consider it hard and unnecessary to be compelled to observe. That the regulations should be either vague or ambiguous is an un satisfactory state of things requiring immediate rectification. 'The Autobiography of a Travellrd Letter'— Referring to a paragraph supplied by a correspondent, and printed under this head ingin Monday's Register, the Postmaster-General tells us that the error complained of arose through the letter having been addressed ' Palmer, Korth.' Had it, Mr. Todd adds, been addressed simply ' Palmer'' it would, not Inve gone astray. As it was, all the Post-Office officials through whose hands the letter passed supposed it was intended for the Hundred of Palmer, and they forwarded it accordingly to Kiugswood, the Post-Office in that hundred, where it was kept the usual time. In connection with this expla nation it may be remarked that had the letter been intended for the 'Hundred of Palmer^ any ordinary person would surely have ascertained the name of the Post-Office in the hundred ; or, failing that, would have specially indicated that fiie ' Hundred oP Palmer was meant. It seems somewhat strange that if there really was any doubt as to the destination of the letter it did not occur to one of the officers that the most reasonable course would have been to have saut it in the first instance to the i: P.O., Palmer,' to which it was plainly directed. If it were not claimed there they might have supposed tut the ' Hundred of Palmer' was meant, and h ;ve forwarded it to King&wood; as a dernier ress -rt. To- judge from the envelope, which has b*eu shown to us, the letter does aot appear to h ive gone to the ' P.O., Paltaet' at all. Farther more, there seems to have been a good deal of avoidable delay in connection with the return of the communication to the writer after the allotted time at Kingswood had expired. Theatre Royal. — 'Richelieu' was repeated for the second time, with Mr. Creswick ia the title role, on Monday night, and the Theatre was crowded in every part. The dress circle par ticularly presented a brilliant appearance, and as the piece developed the plaudits were hearty and u nanimous. Mr Creswick in his character of Richelieu aeems to be ' his own parallel.' To the dramatic effectiveness of the situations he not only gives a careful rendering, but he superadds a realism in his acting which is specially pleasing to all who know what acting should be. Mr. Hollowny as De Mauprat showed great ability, and from the first he earned the favour of the audience. Miss AshtoH in Julie de Mortemar shone better than she did on Saturday night, and seemed to infuse more life and colour into her personation of the character. All the other parts were fairly undertaken, ai.d the drama passed off with perfect nmoothness. The same piece will be produced to-nigh: for the last time. New Ltsfrancb Comtast. — On Monday a deputation consisting of gentlemen interested in the formation of a new Marine Insurance Com pany waited on the Chief Secretary to request the Government to support the Bill introduced into Parliament by Mr. King amending the Companies Act of 1SH by providing that the Marine Insurance Companies ahotild not as at present be excepted from its operation. They pointed out that no reason was given at the time of the passing of this Act for the enactmeat of this clause, and that the provision did not exist cither in Ecghud or tlio adjoining colonies. Mr. Morgan promised to lay the statements of the deputation before his col . leagues. «t the same time intimitinghis inclina tion in favour of a private Bill GovRRjrsrsxT Tetdhrs. — The following lowest tenders for Government works were received, at the office of the Engineer-in-Chief .on Monday morning : — Kadina. and Barunga Gap Extension Eailway, Thompson & Riseley; overcoats for firemen on the S. A. R., Will* & Co. ; station and platform at Hallett. Robin & Hack {only tenders). Sorni ArsTRALiAN Footbaix Association. — A special general meeting of this Association will take plare at the Prince Alfrel Hotel this evening. Ohalhrrs Chtoch. — The annual meetings of the congregation of this Church will be held this evening. River !*kws.— On Monday, July S, the River Murray was falling at the Overland Corner, but at Echnca it was 23 ft. 10 in. abore the sainaier level, the weather being frosty and calm. Tot Late Ret. p. Macjubbh.— A private telegram received from England yesterday brought the melancholy tidings of the death of the Rev. Peter Maclsren, who for several years past has been the minister of the Presbyterian Church at Port Adelaide. Mr. Maclaren, it will fce remembered, left for England by the Garonne in May last, and the sad event occurred on the 31st of ;that month, when the vessel had been ont only sixteen days. The deceased gentleman studied theology under two of the most cele brated professors of the day, Dr. Chalmers and Dr. Cunningham. He subsequently became assistant to Dr. Sievewright, of Markanch, in Fifeshire, and afterwards jninistercd in the Presbyterian Church at Lossiemouth. About the year 1S47 Mr. Maclaren removed to Brighton and became the minister of a Presby terian Church in that fashionable seaside resort. At Brighton Mr. Maclaren's ministrations were not only very acceptable to his own congrega tion, but his personal character and his superior abilities secured for him a large amount of esteem and respect. His health rendering a change imperative Mr. Maclaren came out to Austialia in 1671. He spent some time in Sydney, and we believe received invitations to one or two Churches in the neighbourhood o that city. The Rev. J. Henderson havin accepted a call to St. Andrew's Church Mr. Maclartn was invited to supply tor a time at Port Adelaide. There Mi ministrations proved so acceptable that he was Kubsequently inducted into the pastorate of the Church. Mr. Maclaren's state of health obliged him to confine his labours for the most part within a comparatively narrow circle, but within that circle not only were his gifts most thoroughly appreciated, but his iniluence was deeply felt. He was a man of keen logic il power, and withal of a rare breadth of miud aLd of very wide sympathies. At the Port he wag universally esteemed and beloved, and all who were* brought even into casual contact with him could not fail to recognise in him a true-heaited man possessed of superior mental gifts and characterized by a transparent sin cerity of character. Had Mr. Maclaren enjoyed robust health there is little doubt that he would bave risen to a foremost position in the ranks of the Presbyterian clergy. As it was he occupied no mean place. One work published by him some time ago, entitled ' The Glory of the Holy Ghost,' has already made its mark, and a later publication which we recently noticed, entitled ' The Seven Topics of the Christian Faith,' has been most favourably reviewed by the Press at home. Like all Mr. Maclaren's productions both volumes are characterized by vigour and thoroughness, by the evident marks of careful and ripened scholarship, and by a clear and forcible style. The deceased gentle man was for several years one of the tutors of Union College, the duties of wh jch offi:e he discharged with unwearied diligence and with the utmost satisfaction to the Committee and to the students. Mr. Maclaren, who was 52 years of age, leaves a widow, who received the sad tidings of her bereavement only yesterday, for whom, as also for the other members of the family, there will, we are sure, be a widespread feeling of sympathy. Meeting of the Victoriaji Parliament.— The Victorian Parliament will reassemble to-day after a recess of about IS [weeks. The telegrams this morning contain an epitome of the speech which will be delivered by His Excellency Sir George Bowen on the occasion, but,\with the exception of the proposed Bill about to be introduced for a reform of the Con stitution and the announcement of the intended railway extension policy of the Government, there is little else in it of very grave importance. Immigration.— The Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration has received telegrams stating that the Largs Bay sailed from Glasgow on June 22 with 362 Scotch emigrant*, and that the O.ik lands left Plymouth on July 5 with about 2S0 souls. Tub Week's IsniiaRATioN axd Emigration. — The number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the week ending Satur day, July 6, was 190. Of these 102 came from London and 88 from Melbourne. The number who left the same port for foreign parts during the same period was 122. Of these 76 went to Melbourne, 2 to Fremantle, 4 to Newcastle, 1 to Auckland, 1 to Mauritius and 28 to London. Califorxias Silver Mixes. — The alleged re markable discoveries of silver in America are thus described by the Rocky Mountain Tourist : — ' One of the most [remarkable mines in Cali fornia Gulch is in leads 3 feet in thickness, thu ore from which yields 240 oz. to 270 oz. of silver to the ton, and lies like a coal-bank in a stratifi cation of limestone, dipping about 15 deg. Two openings have been made at points 600 feet apart, and sufficient ore 13 in sight tj nuke millions of the 'dollars of our daddies.' The owners have gone far enough to know that there is a full acre of the ore in the one solid body, and some conception may be formed of the amaztug richness of this discovery by a brief calculation of its dimensions. A cubic foot weighs 17(1 lbs., and as the ore lies 12 cubic feet make a ton. There art- 43,500 square feet in an acre, and the acre of ore being 3 feet in thick ness makes 1«5O,6SO pubic feet, which, with 12 cubic feet to the ton, makes 10.900 toas, worth £250 per ton, or the enormous value in the aggregate ot $2,7(^0,000. The Crescent is another mine worked like a coal-bed, the ore lying horizontally iu the large room that has been ope ied, the roof being held up by heavy timbers with very stout caps and tugging poles. The ore b -easts from 1 foot to 3 feet and 4 feet, and occasionally very fine specimens of horn silver are found.' An Aubri^ah Rownra Ohallbsgr. — '.harles E. Courtney, of Unijn Springs, U.S., has pub lished the following challenge.— 'I will row any nun in this country any usual distance, for any reasonable amaunt, on any lake, river, creek, or pond where there is room for «ne boat to pass another, and give or take actual and reasonable expenses. Bat when I pay a man 51,500 for expenses— the largest amoant ever offered in the world in any kind of ;sport — I think I have a right to select the water, pro vided I choose a good and fair course. I do not ask any man to travel any further than I am willing to go myself. I should have started for Australia last December had not the news papers published Trickett's challenge, in which he said he would come to America, and row here against any American sculler, and if he does not come here I will go there next winter, and row him over his own course for the championship of the world. If any English sculler will come here and make a match for $5,000 a side I will allow him S1.000 for expenses, or I will go there on the same terms. If they will not do either of these things I will, as I have leisure, go to England, paying my own expenses, and try to find some man who is not afraid to row me an even match over a fair course. I have offered fair terms to every man in America, and no one accepts. They say I am not champion, but the men who claim to l-e champions will not make a match with me. How can I ever get to be champion if no one will row against me, an! how cm men cla:m to be champions and still refuse fair offers for a championship match ?' New Basktug Corpora Ties. — We quote the following from the Argus of July 2: — 'The demand for shares in the Australasian Agency and Banking Corporation, Limited, has been a prominent feature in pastoral and commercial circles during the past few weeks. This under taking has been recsived with great favour, more especially amongst the pistoral com munity, and there has been a strong demuid for the shares, chiefly from influential woal growers and station-owners ; consequently when the final allotments for the last issue of 15,030 shares were made on Saturday it was found that the applications were considerably in excess of the number available. The Directors reserved 5,00* shares for South Australia and 20,OX- share* for London, all of which may be con sidered disposed of, most of them having already been applied for. An analysis of the shire holders* list discloses a wealthy proprietary, owning over 3,000,000 cf sheep, and with exten five squatting and freehold properties, both ia this colony and in Kew South Wales and South Australia, consequently the Company has com menced business under very encouraging auspices, and its success may with confidence be predicted. Already a balance of about £12,500 is available to place to credit of the reserve fund, after payment of all preliminary expense*, notwithstanding the fact that the first year's transactions are not yet completed. The capital conautfl of 100,000 shares of £10 each, of which 80,000 shares have been applied for and allotted, leaving the remaining 20,000 avail able for applications in London, the object being to form a Board ia London ia order to secure English capital at low rates of interest on the security of the Company's debentures. The capital, amounting to £1,000,009 sterling, will be employed in advances on stations, freehold properties, stock, and wool.' Aleertox Baptist Chttrch. — The annual meeting of the Bible class is to be held in the schoolroom this evening. A lecture will be delivered by the Re?. M. Lloyd. Akotheb Bthqlz at Cap* Borda.— The Syria, 2,000 tons, the pioneer steamer of the Colonial Line, having left London on May 30, may now be expected at any moment. The vesssl having been 29 days out on Monday, and a report having been received from Cape Borda that a large steamer, baxque-rigged, had passed tiere at S o'clock that mormog, it was thought that it must be the new steam ship, and any who were at all interested in her were in a considerable state of excite ment at the prospect of her making such a splendid passage. Apparently the vessel »ighttd did not go close enough to be reported, ?o that folks in Adelaide and at the Beach Sta tion were left m some doubt as to her identity. As usual eight or nine hours were given her to steam up the Gulf to the anchorage, but at 4 o'clock, when she might reasonably have been icoked for to the southward of the Semaphore, there were no signs of her. Time passed on, and as nothing was seen of her at sunset the opinion was generally held by the beachrangers that some mistake had been made._ Shortly after 7 o'clock a telegram was received from Kangaroo Islatd, stating that the steamer Duke of Edin burgh, 300 tons, had passed Point Mirsden— the north-easterly headland of the island — at 4.30 o'clock, from Port Pirie en route for Sydney. That information at once cleared up all doubts, as it waa evident that she was the vessel which had passed Cape Borda during the morning, and in coming from Port Pirie had gone through Investigator's Straits, making her way along the coast and through Backstairs Passage instead of taking the running outside the bland. At the beach everything was in readiness to receive the steamer, both launches being under steam, while the Customs and shipping officials and representatives from the agents and others were all on the alert ; but on it being made known that a blunder had been made all orders were counter manded, and those who had no farther occasion to remain at the station left considerably chffgriued and annoyed that the officer at Cape Borda should have reported a 300-t jn auxiliary steamboat as a large steamer barque-rigged. Only a short time ago the Eleanor, with a cargo of oysters, passing inwards, was signalled at Cape Borda as a large steamer with ouly fore mast standing. No doubt at times it is difficult to discern vessels passing the Borda Station, bat the lookout surely ought to hive a better knowledge of shipping than to make the absurd mistakes which we have recorded above. With the frequent arrival of large steamers it is of the utmost importance that a sharp look out should be kept, and every means taken to be quite certain ot the nature of the vessel, as when a report is once given the whole business con nected with the occurrence- is set in laotion, and in case of a mistake vexatious and ex pensive proceedings are the result. ' Terrible Explosion. — The Cronstadt corre spondent of the Globe, writing on May 1, sup plies the following description of the destruction of a Russian torpedo factory : — ' Details have ju&t; reached here of the destruction of the tor pedo factory at Otchakoff a week ago. The establishment was a large one, and employed several hundred hands. The explosion took place at 3 o'clock in the morning, and seems to have been almost as dreadful as that which took place at Eiith some years ago. The torpedo workshops, the naval laboratory, the sheds con taining stacks of torpedoes ready for use, and an |immense quantity of pyroxoline were blown up by three separate explosions, the second occurring two minutes after the firtt, and the third five minutes later. The shocks were felt miles away, and in Otchakoff itself a panic ensued, the inhabitants fancying that the English fleet was bombarding the town. The factory, laboratory, and most of the torpedo stores were found to have entirely disappeared, while the flames from the garrison stables lighted up with vivid effect five rows of barracks, the windows of which had been shattered, and in some instances ibc roof carried away. 'When the fire-engines c*me upon the scene the flames were rapidly approaching the magazine near the factory, in which were stored 21 barrels of gin powder and five tons of pyroxoline. By the courageous exertious of the garrison these dangerous stores were removed before the fire reached the building. Letters from the spectators speak id terais of highest admiration of the heroic conduct of the soldiery, who coolly rolled away the barrels of powder and carried off cses of dynamite under their arms while the sparks were falling like rain among them. The flames were got under at 6 o'clock. All the buildings within two miles of the seat of the explosion suffered damsge of a more or less serious character. During the day peasants came into Otchakoff with bigs and torpedo cases which had fallen at a distance of five miles from the town, and ships at sea picked up wreckage of the factory 10 miles away from land. The cause of the disaster is supposed to have been ? spon taneous combustion.' The damage done to Go vernment and private buildings at Otchakoff is described in the offlcisl report as immense. Fortunately the Ios9 of life was not so great as it might have beeD, only 12 persons being sup posed to have perished.' Drowned. — Our correspondent at 'Warooka, writing on July 3, sends the following: — 'A sad accident occurred here on Sunday last, by which a little girl lost her life. She went out with two of her brothers to play on the jetty, and whilst running along lost her balance and fell ov.t the side into the water. No one being near but her two little brothers the poor child was drowned before any help «n?d be brought. An inques l w as hel d on Tue rfay,.Tuly 2, at which a verdict in accordance with the circumstances was returned, and the body was buried the same day.' . ' Oddfellows' Delbgate from America. — Mr. J. B. Harmon ha? recently arrived in Victoria on a mission from the Ancient Independent Order of Oddfellows of America to the mem bers of the same Order in that colony, and on Monday evening, July 1, he was entertained {at dinner by the Oddfellows of Melbourne. Particular Baptist Citcrch, Port Ade laide. — The anniversary services in connection with this Church were held on Sandiy and Monday, July 7 and 8. On the former d»te the Revs. J. 'W. Bamber and H. Morgan preached three sermons to appreciative congregations. On the Monday following tea and public meet ings took place, and at the opening gathering the pastor (J. 'W. Bamber) presided. It was stated that the congregation had trebled itself, while the number of members had been increased by eight during the past year. Reference w.is particularly made to the fact that this was the first anniversary of the settlement of the pre sent pastor among them. Addresses were theu delivered by Mr. J. Kither, the late pastor, and the Rev. Mr. Morgan. Thb Billiard Champigsship of Esohj«d. — The following appears iu the London SpoiUnvxn: — u Tothe Editor of the Sportsman.— Sir— I en close a cheque for £10 as a deposit to play J. Roberts, jun., for the Billiard Champion Cap. In thus challenginc one who is absent from the country I should feel obliged if von would allow me to *ay a few words in explanation. 'When Roberts left England it was on the thorough understanding that he would write to me to join him in India to play exhibition matches for oar joint benpfit. I in return undertook not to challenge him for the cup, but to allow him to retain the championship. Roberts has, however, n ver written foi me to join him ; but, on the contrary, has failed to keep his promise to me— having sent for Shorter to join him in Australia instead. Under these circumstances, consider ing that the Champion Cup becomes the absolute property of the holder after a certain period, I feel that in 'delaying to challenge any longer I should be neglecting not merely my own interests but those of the original donors of the cap. — I am, Sir, yours faithfully, 'W. Cook. 99, Regent street. London, May 1.' It's a' P.icht Koo.— ' JEgles,' in the Aus tralasian, tells the following :— ' Sindy McOroas brel, in common with minv fairly- intelligent people, firmly h^Heved fee anv one bitten by a *uake who lm-d *ill after s-r-aet would survive the poison. Tn:i5»t g-uiag through a fenca some years ago r. ''?.title spine ran into his leg, and he concluded LL tt a snake had 'oitten him. With trembling hand he cut out the wounded part, and burned some gnap«wder on it. Hurry ing home, he took a stiff glass of brandy and adopted other precautionary measures. Having done everything he had ever hoard of, h« took down th« big BiWe, and sternly commanded the bystanders to let him alone, as he believed thst death, was near. He solemnly read that book «nt3 the sun was below the horizon. When the last bright gleam had faded from the hill tops, he jumped up gleefully, and said, ' It's a' richt noo; Fm no gaun to dee this time. Leslie, bri»g me some whusky.'* . Big Kangaroos.— Mr. G. Sargent, butcher, of Hindley-street, has in his shop two very large kangaroos, which were brought down by Mr. W. Crawford, from Mr. Bagg's run, Eastern Phins. The largest weighed 140 lbs. 