THE almost unanimous expression o£ opinion given by the ratepayers of the Kyneton riding adverse to the imposition of the proposed additional sixpennv rate, should make Councillors pause and seriously consider whether they are justified in proceeding with a measure so objectionable to such a laro-e bodv of the ratepayers. They should at least try some of the roads out of the difficulty suggested by Mr Castles before they finally decide to strike an additional rate. They adopted something of the kind previously on a similar occasion, and there is no reason why they should not. do BO now. We feel constrained to remark that Crs. Thomson and Menziea did not present a very edifving spectacle when they stood upon'the platform, asking the ratepayers to show them a way out of the difficulty which these councillors had helped to get them into. It is a very true saving, that, " the gods help those who help themselves,' but theBe councillors do not show any disposition to put their shoulders to the wheel in any way whatever. They have plunged the shire into debt, perhaps unwittingly and from a desire to do too much (taking a mild view of the case), and instead of trying to find a way out of the quagmire by exerting their inventive faculties or displaying their municipal knowledge, they come to the ratepayeis andsay, in effect, " We have got you in debt to the tune of £1300, can you show us how we are to pay it without making you pay an additional rate?" These gentlemen seem to s forget that they were elected by the ratepayers to conserve their mterests j at the Council board, and that they a stand in the position of trustees of the municipal revenue, whichit is their duty to spend to the best advantage, and not " outrun the constable." What would be thought of the trustees of a private estate who had thus expended more than the year's income of such an estate, and who then wanted to make up the deficiency by dipping their hands into the pockets of the proprietor? The cases are quite analogous, and we cannot compliment the councillors upon their municipal wisdom or desire to relieve the ratepayers from the burthen of this extra taxation. Because the day of reckoning is drawing nigh, councillors become alarmed, and resolve to dip into the pockets of the ratepayers to make good the deficiency. The cause of this deficiency was plainly stated by Mi- James Minogue atthemeeting on Monday night, when he accused the Council of" jobbery of the deepest dye," and said that £800 worth of metal was buried in the mud on the main Blue Mountain road, when he had the contrict for its maintenance. He also charged the Council with letting works on this road in the winter time, in order not to interfere with the labour supply of the farmers, and stated that over £2,000 had been absolutely "thrown away" on this Bame road in consequence of the Council's culpable mis management- This was not all. Mr Minogue also accused the Council with unfair dealaing in connection with certain tenders eome time since, when they accepted a tender by telegram, in direct opposition to the printed conditions|for tendering, »nd that they accepted as a deposit a cheque given by one of the councillors, which was not marked, as required by the conditions, and that this deposit^ was returned when the contractor in ques. tion refused to take up the contract, although his tender waB accepted, because it was not the work he imagined it was when tendering by telegram. These accusations are of a serious g nature, but" worse remains behind," as Shakespeare says. Another speaker, a member of the Council himself, be it remembered, publicly alleged at Mondav night's meeting thai certain councillors had been guilty of offering a premium to members for the outside ridings which would not be offered to them in their private character- . Also, that more money was paid for salaries and less work done £or it -than in any other shire in the colony. The above statements are of a very damaging nature, and it is the duly of the Council to at once consider what course of action they shall take to refute them. The corporate honor of that body has been attacked very strongly, and Crs Thomson and Menzies heard the attacks, and did not deny them. Perhaps these gentlemen are reserving their defence; but we would, however, impress upon them that it is their bounden duty not to rest silent under these very serious charges.^ They cannot afford to treat them with that contempt so commonly indulged in with respect to other charges. Unless they fully and properly refute the charges above-named, the councillors should resign as a body, for they will prove unworthy of the confidence of the ratepayers. There is no use disguising the fact, that a large number of the ratepayers believe, "with Mr Minogue, that to the Council's culpable mismanagement and wasteful expenditure of the shire funds on the Blue Mountain road, is due the present debt which the ratepayers are asked to pay by means of an extra rate. We believe that Mr Minogue is quite prepared to make good his case against the Council at any momeDtj and this being po, councillors have an easy way opened to tbemiof either proving their innocence harge. With respect to •" premium," or bribery business, as we suppose it to be, referred to by their fellow councillors, the personal honor of certain councillor has been assailed, and that is a matter which their instincts as gentlemen should teach them how to deal with. It has been said that" a corporation has neither a soul to be saved nor a body to be kicked, but the corporate honor of the Kyneton Shire Council has been most violently kicked, and we now await the Council's defence. THE juggle which has been attempted bv the anti-severance agitators with respect to subsidies of shires and boroughs, and the amount of rates collected in the Kvneton riding, has not succeeded iu deceiving those who are in any way acquainted with municipal matters. Those who wilfully deceive arc deserving of the severest censure, whilst allowance can be made tor those who offend through ignorance. It i< now stated by the leading anti-severance authority that through the difference in the Government and the municipal financial vears, that amistajce has been fallen into by the severance party, and that it is quite right to calculate tbe subsidy at the rate of £l I98 4Jd for every £L of rates collected. An intention to mislead seems evident, from the fact that in calculating the subsidy it has not been done on the whole amount of rates received for 1S77 We do not care about the deferences in the financial years one whit It makes no material difit'rence in the argument. In the last balaucech-et the rates for 1877 are set djwn at £935 8s 9d. Anv subsi ly received must be calculated on that amount, for that is set forth as the year s revenue from rates. If it is not so, then we can only say that the auditors have certified to an incorrect balance-sheet. No juggling as to a difference in the financial year can get over that fact. The argument, if it is worth anything at all, misht be continued to any extent, fir there would aiwoys be a portion of one year's rates collected in the following year. It it a rule that works all round. The subsidy mil be found to be, as we have previously stated, £1 8s (about) to every £1 of rates colected, if the calculation is made correctly. It would be as well for those persons who affect such uperior knowledge in this matter, to pav a little more attention to their subject before they,intheircondescension, to give a lesson to others. The figuresput forth by the anti-severance authority respecting the cost ot management o£ the borough of Malmsbury, are] also entirely wrong. We are "told that in the balance-sheet of Malmsbury Boroiigh la-st year, items of nianasement expeuses amounting to. £500 appear. A glance at the balancesheet of the borough for last year shows that the nxp?nses of management did not reach £450. and in this is included one item of £116 3s Gi for sundries, and it is only reasonable to suppose that a similar item will figure for a far less sum in the neic balance-sheet. We may also state that besides thisitem there is another of £23 for "relief," which cannot be fairly classed under the head of management. Therefore, the cost of management mav fairly be set down at not more than £400. The amount paid for salaries was only £187 6a 8d. We yet fail to see why Kyneton as a borough will require to expend such a lar<*e sum in the cost of management. Thecase of Mul msbury, cited by the auti- severance party, is all in favor of management at about the total stated by us previously—a trifle over £400. We trust that the ratepayers will examine the matter for themselves in an impartialand unprejudiced manner, and they will then discover the correctness of our statements and deductions, and the unreliability of the figuresof the anti-severance party. On Tuesday afternoon the residence of M r W . Barry, of Woodend, was totally destroyed by fire. From particulars to hand, it appears that Mr Barry was absent on business on the day in question, and returned home about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon. He then noticed a noise, which he took to be water running from the tap, as the water was laid on to the premises. He ascertained that the water was not running, and he then set about finding out the cause of the noise. Whilst doing this he opened the door of his own bodroom, when the sight of the room in flames met his astonished gaze. With the assistance of a neighbor he endeavoured to remove his furniture, but the fire had obtained such a hold of the premises, that Mr Barry was only enabled to save about £5 worth of the goods. The house was consumed in a very short time, the flames showing at one time to a height of about fifty feet The heat was so great that, tubular iron bedsteads were melted into a mass of shapeless metal, and it was impossible to stand within a.considerable distance of the burning premises. The house was a very substantial one, build of brick and wood, and was lined throughout with soft wood. The furniture, house linen, and wearing apparel destroyed were also very valuable. Mr Barry estimates his loss at somewhere about £600, and he is only insured for a very small amount, so we are informed. The origin of the fire is not known, but it is supposed that a log must have rolled out of the fireplace in the bedroom on to the floor, as a fire was burning in it on the day in question, and thus set the plane on fire. The fireplace was a very narrow one, and it was quite possible for the log to fall out as stated, especially as the fender was of the scroll pattern, and would offer no impediment to the log rolling on to the floor. Mr Barry's clothes were all burnt, and he had to borrow a coat to enable him to come into Kyneton to see A a J L e d h s the insurance agent A good deal of sympathy has been expresssed for Mr Barry, who is a respectable and industrious man. Mr Gathome Hardy, who has been T&ised;'to fthe peerage by the title of "Viscount Oranbrook, is Secretajy of War in the Beaconsfield Administration. It iB considered thathe has displayed remarkable efficiency in that post, which has been one of immense labor. H e wisely adopted all the reforms of his Whig predecessor, Iiord CardweU, and the result has been a steady and uniform progress in the army.: M r Hardy is recognised as the mostready debater in -the Honse ofOommons, next to Beaconsfield and Gladstone. H e has been a thorough supporter of the war policy all along, and the right hand man of lord Beaixmsfield- ^Hsr - Majesty has C Lucsuaj) witiu uai • • • — o g tuned the contract for th« convenance ot the mails from Kyneton to Tylden, Trentham, and Blackwood, and to Langley, B&rfold;, and Heathcote. These mails were formerly carried by Messrs Anderson and M'Phee. Other mails formerly «»rried by Mr Hughes, have been let as follows :—To and from the Kyneton post office and railway station, Mr Maloney ; to and from Kyneton, Liunston, and Spring Hill, and Kyneton, Paatoria, and Piper's Creek, M r Spain. W e have to record the death of Samuel Stanley, youngest son of Dr Henry Geary, aged seven years. The cause of death which occurred early yesterday njorou^g, was membraneous crop, from which he had only been suffering for three days. Dr Tjanwford attended decersed during his short illness, but his services were unfortunately, of no avail. There was a good muiter of the members of the Kyneton Football Club, at Barkly-square, yesterday afternoon. Some •rood practice was indulged in, and a scratch match was played between side chosen by Messrs T. Flynn, and W. Mur- "^The ECastlomaine Assizes commened on Tuesday before His Honor Judge Molesworth. The joung men, Ballard, Williamson, and Smith were tried lor larceny at the dwelling of Mr Slater Booth, Kyneton in March last, Ballard was acquitted, and Smith and Williamson were each sentenced to two years imprisonment with hard labor. The ring, gold chain, and £1, found on the prisoners, were o ordered to be returned to Mr Booth- r Williamson was also found gnilty of steal, ing £3 from the shop of Mr W. Simpsan. fruiterer, Kyneton. A football match will be played on the racecourse on May 24th between teams representing the St Kilda and Kyneton Football Clubs. The Kyneton team will be chosen from the following :—Roberts, Thomson, Arnold, Gregson, Buscomba, Robins™. Robbie, Burge, Armstrong, Liver, Be?g, Young, Morissey deeson, "Vance, Hurst, Meney, Horsley, Bennett, McLennan, Flynn (captain), Aitken, Windridge, Cock, Wells, Murray, Eccle stone. W e learn with much surprise from last night's Herald that the Government has agreed to pay the costs of both parties in the matter of the petition presented by Mr Mason to the Elections and Qualifications Committee against the return of Dr Macartney to the Legislative Assembly forSouthGippsland. The case wasonlypartially heard, when political complications caused the Committee to break up. The petition was then withdrawn, and Dr. Macartney retained the seat. M r Mason's costs amount to the nice little sum of £215. Dr. Macartney's costs are not publicly known. W e cannot see why the public should paythe costs in this case. Itiscertainly a very extraordinary proceeding on the part of the Government In consequence of the absence of the Clerk of Courts and most of the local police at the Castlemaiue Assize Ccurt on Tuesday, no business was transacted at the Kpneton Police Court. Mr Taylor, P.M., attended at the Court, but that gentleman had his trouble for nothing. It is probable that Parliament will not be assembled until the second week in July. Friday's Gazette will contain a notification of a further prorogation, the date of which has not been definitely fixed. Bnt the opening of the next session will take place on the date abo venamed. The Commissioner of Riilways has granted free passes for the Government Railways, extending over a period of six months to the Blind "Concert Company. This is a graceful and well-timed act on the part of Sir Woods, and will save the poor blind musicians a groat deal of expense. W e understand that it has been ascertained how the original petition for severance was procured from the Government department, aud that matters will be made rather unpleasant for some parties concerned. It is said that a prominent individual, well known in the district, had a hand in obtaining the document. Steps are now being taken to have the affair thoroughly ventilated, and the ratepayers will then be in a position to judge of the underhanded measures adopted by the anti-severance party. Particulars relating to the Art Union in aid of the fnnds of St. Peter's Church, Eagiehawk, will be found in our advertising columns. The drawing will take place on the 28th of June, aud those whn desire to obtain one of " fortune's pluins " should " make hay while the sun shines, " that is if they have any faith in their lucky •tar. Cwo candidates have only been nominated for Warrnambuol—Mr J. G. Francis and M r J. C. Crag. Mr Francis addressed the electors at Warrnambool on Tuesday evening. H e condemned the policy of the Government and said with reference to the proposed Constitutional Reform Bill tbat he "felt instinctively that something violent would be produced—something that all men of sense and property wonld have to oppose." The meeting was very noisy occasionally, and Mr Francis was repeatedly interrupted. motion in his favor was declared oarried midst considerable uproar. The Sallarat Star writes:—The hon. C. . Jenner, whose tenure of a seat iu the egislative Council for the South Western Province will expire in September by ffluxion of time, was in Ballarat on Saturday doing some electioneering business. W e understand that Mr Jenner has already attached to the nomination-paper the of 18 out of 21 mayors of towns and presidents of shire councils, who districts lie within the province. » Messrs Buckley and Hunn of Melbourne, have given tip the whole space of one of their Bourke-street windows to a display of American calico,-from the Wamsutta Mills, Massachusetts, Vnited Staaes. American calico has made wonderful headway? in this market, as Well as in England, where it has been one of the great causes of alarm to the Free-traders, and is answerable for defections from the party among those specially interested in calicoes. The introduction of this calico resulted from the Visits of American wool-buyers, who speedily notioed what American productions conld be " placed." A Beuter telegram of Tuesday, from Berlin, announces the attempted assasination of the Emperor of Germany. The old warrior, who, by the way, entered Paris with the Duke of Wellington and the allies in 1812, and is now 80 years of age, escaped: wholly uninjured. The would-be assassin assigns ao motive for the deed. M r Paul Chalmers, the eminent Scotch painter, died on February 20 from injuries resulting from the brutal violence to which he was subjected in the streets of Edinburgh a iew days before. In losing him 'Scotland has lost one of her strongest and most individual painters. Among the more important of his landscapes were his "Running Water" and his "Last of the Harvest;" and among his figure-subjects was the " Love Song," a giri with a nobly impassioned face accompanying her words with a guitar. Cooper and Bailey's drens left N e w onnor, Bishop ot nana™., " the Sacrament of Confirmation to upwards of two hundred young persouB a t ^ L Joseph's Church, Warrnambool. Shortly before the usual time for commencing service, the body of the church was filled and many who were desirous of wit"® 8 ?^ the ceremony could not obtain Btandwg room. The body of the jchurch, immediately in front of of the altar was reserved for the candidates for confirmation, and presented a very impressive iicene. Utw eleven o'clock Mass was celebrated by the Verv Rev. Dean Slattery, at which the B W i o p w a s present After Mass H«s Lordship proceeded to e x a m m e t h e c W - dren in the doctrine of the church, each candidate having to auswer one or more questions. After the exami- nation had been completed, the Bishop returned to the Sacristy where he was vested with the cope and a whLte mitre, bearing in his hand the emblem of episcopial authority, the pastoral staff. His Lordship addressed those who were abont to be confirmed, and fullyexplamedthe nature of the sacrament they were then to receive by which the Holy Ghost would d^endupon them, and dwell with them for ever The candidates then repeated alond the Our Father, the ^ t l e s Creed, and the Had Mary. The Bishop then proceeded to administer the sacrament. of Confirmation, and was plated by the Very Rev. the Dean and Rev M J. S h a n a h l One hundred and twenty-five females, who were attired in white. and wearing wreaths of flowers and flowing tulle veils, were presented by the S»ters f Mercy, who had charge of them while eceiving instruction. The n - e males confirmed was ninety, making in all two hundred and fift.en. The Herald of yesterday states that an application was made on Wednesday, to his Honor Chi^f Justice , in chambers, by Mr Williams for leave to administer interrogators to the plaintiff in an action of Friser v. Syme ; and also that the hearing of the case should be postponed till the 11th i n " d e that Messrs Snowden and (fillies, the defendant's attomies might obtain .answers Lttoraies . . to certain inquiries made of their agents in London The action is brought, by the | hon Alexander Frazer, M.L.C., to recover damages from Mr David Syme, propne- tor of the Age newspaper, f °r a l " leaed libel contained in an a rt \ ule nnblished in that journal, commenting „u an announcement in t h \ I U ^ t r a U d puou^nea ±. • Tllustrated London News of the death of the Pontiff's brother in a London workhouse. The proposed interrogatones had reference to the subject matter of this article Both applications were strongly opposed by Mr Hamilton, on behalf of the plamtifi". His Honor said that as the defendant pleaded " not gtriltv." andnotjustifieation, i he would not permit the interrogatories ; c but he was prepared to grant the postponement asked. The matter was o ultimately adjourned till Friday next to give the defendant time to consider what coun>e he would take] under the circumstances. ,, A telegram in last night s Herald states that a horrible murder was committed yes terday in the most crowded'part of Pittstreet, near the Horse Bazaar. In the course of a quarrel Patrick Maloney suddenly drew a tomahawk and dealt Patrick Holland a tremendous blow with it over the head, killing him instantly. The -ku 1 was opened for many inches. Maloney was at once arrested, and said that he f nlly intended to kill Holland, and didn't care for the consequences. The body was taken to the infirmary. Maloney was lodged in the lockup, and will be charged with murder. A Ballarat contemporary last week con tains a paragraph recording the capture of an " extraordinary " animal, half hare and half rabbit, aud stated that it was going to be stuffed and exhibited. W e (KorflaAc Despatch) may mention that the " cross' is found in such numbers in the Mortlake disvict that it hasjlost its interest now as a freak of nature. ^ The miscalled "law and order party are not averse to putting their hands in their pockets when the Liberal cause is to be damaged or written down, as the following, by the Melbourne correspondent of an up- country journal, will show I hear on verv good authority that the freetraders of Melbourne have come forward and jgiven'a yearly guarantee, in advertisements or otherwise, to the Daily Telegraph of £2.000, to indemnify that journal for the withdrawal by the Government of advertisements, valued at £1,000 per year. If true, this is very handsome, and shows that there is gratitude in the political world. Certainly the Telegraph appears to have cast its seed upon very fruitful soil, and which returns to it a twofold harvest. At the luncheon on Saturday, at Craig s Hotel, Ballarat, to celebrate the successful completion of the Burrumbeet outlet works, the hon. Commissioner of Lands stated that in the next waterworks loan provision wonld be made for a water supply to the Horsham district, at an expenditure of £30,000. Ministers are determined to keep- holiday as long as they can manage to do so, as we notice tbat Parliament is not to be called together until the second week in 3 uly. The business of the country is thus to remain at a standstill some time longer. W h y this needless delay? Surely there has been something too much of this, and it is only tampering with the interests of the colony to further delay the meeting of Parliament. On Monday night the members of the Legislative Assembly for the Grant district were entertained at a banquet, at which the Chief Secretary and the Ministers of Customs and Education were present. The meeting was numerously attended, and the Ministers were accorded a very «nthosiastio recaption. Mr Berry, , in responding to the toast of the Ministry, laid great stress on the immediate necessity of constitutional reform, which he said was the principal subject that would occupy the attention of Parliament during the ensuing 