A WORD FOR REPORTERS. " The world knows nothing of its great est men." says Sir Henry Taylor, in his Phillip Van Articelde ; and may not as much be said of newspaper reporters and special correspondents ? About the former there is something really terrible. The reporter, as an American contemporary forcibly puts it, cats into the gloss and glamour on the surface of things like a powerful acid. He takes no rumour for truth, but pries into the actual facts with a fiendish curiosity. He can make a pleasant, story out of the common gossip of a community in regard to any event, but he takes delight in pointing out that he has woven the tale out of a flimsy ma terial of rumour, and is never so glad as when lie goes behind a pretty sensation and finds its true inwardness to be a matter of mere commonplace. If lie describes the plunge of a railroad train through a broken bridge in language as sonorous as some of Homer's roaring verses, and pictures the sufferings of the dying passengers in the manner of Daute, relating the horrors of one of the circles of hell, he never fails to tell precisely what brace of timber gave way, to state the exact number and the correct names of the dead and injured, and to summarize the experiences of the survivors briefly and definitelv, making them speak with more than tlie truth and less than the prolixity of witnesses in a court. If a great fire devastates part of a city aDd destroys a score of lives, the reporter will rejoice in painting the flicker of the yellow flames along the midnight sky ; but he will eventually settle down soberly to tell how the fire was kindled, what the amount of insurance is, who per ished in the flames, how their bones looked ; when they were found, and every other ghastly fact that he can get at. If he is sent to have a chat with a great man he invariably introduces the hero with a flour ish, in which the popular conception of him is set forth with enthusiam, and then he proceeds to reveal his little follies, photograph his weaknesses and repeat his platitudes. Before the terrible reporter the illusions of life and death and time are rapidjy vanishing, and perhaps none so suddenly fade in his presence as those touching the supernatural. The manifest ation of spirit medium's, the visitations of spectres, the trailing of ghostly garments along. old stairways, the glimmering of phantom'lights in deserted windows — none of these things are sure of an uninvestiga ted existence in the' neighbourhood of a re porter. Within the past five years this cynic of modern life has spoiled ghost stories enough to make a new demonology, and still, with an insatiate thirst for hunting down spooks, he rushes to visit hauuted houses wherever he hears of one. 