@4im-al ; Jnklligcitiif. : . The fl'eroZd unfavorably-criticises -Mr. Marcus Clarke's.- School History of Australia." The Paris Exhibition Commission adopted a (resolution in favor of the appointment of Mr. Morris as Executive Commissioner. A deputa tion will wait Upon '.the Government to submit his name for that office. I __ , Sydney M'eat-presefving Company's trans actions for the past year show a loss of £710. The company declare no dividend,- but still hold a sum of £2000 to the credit of profit and loss account.- The falling-off in the business is at tributed to the large supplies exported from Amferica and other places to England. Tasmania' remonstrates against the with drawal of the prohibition on stock. The Government of New South Wales aSks the other colonies to confer on this qriestiop. It is stated that a company is actually formed in San Irancisco for the purpose of laying a cable across the Pacific from California to Japan, via Honolulu. Thi£ Hon. Saul Samuel has resigned his mem bership on the Paris Commission in consequence of the appointment of an executive commis- Sioner.- PeesV CaMpbell, a schoolboy, 15 years of age, has : been found on the railway line at Richmond with, his head cut off. He wrote to his sweetheart the day before, stating that he in- fended to drown himself in the Yarra, and his body was found on the line just behind her house. , A young-' woman drowned herself in the Yarra owing to a love affair. She left letters stating her intention to commit suicide. . A CasYerton ( Victoria) telegram states that d shocking sudden death occurred there on Mon day afternoon. Mrs, Nicholsen, wife of Mr. Nicholson, State school head teacher, received a fright through 'seeing a dog jump overthe fence. The dog's chain being short, he was in danger of strangulation, and the deceased lady, who is supposed to- have suffered from disease of the 1 heart,- became alarraed and excited; She sank from the shock, although assistance (Mr. Nicholson and Dr.. Smith was promptly ren- , dered, she never rallied, and expired- in half an hour. , : The Leeds Mereury says that the Yicar of Dbncaster, the Hon.: and Rev. E. C'arr Glyn, one Monday morning in December, darky damp, and dismal as the weather was, was noticed1 standing at the doffee-stall near one of the chief entran ces to- fhe'Great Northern Railway" Plant. Works | vending cups of hot coffee to such of the,pass- ing workmen as- desired that refreshment. Mr. I Glyn is an ardent promoter of the temperance 8 movement, and the stall in question' is in con- I liectron with the Church of . England Temper- ance Sofciety. ' ' | , The Lithgow Valley rori- manufacturers Taid a out £30,000 in plant. Twelve " puddlers " who I were eai'ning about four' shillings a day in S EngTandj came, to this colony to " pudfJle " at 8 fourteen shillings a day. Finding there were I no other " puddlers " m the colony, they struck I -for twenty shillings a day. The proprietors I put out the fires,: and discharged all handB ; 104 I ; men of other branches are out of work in conse- I quence. ' i TwO' lads named Robert and Willi'am'Hntchins I were suffocated by-foul air in a shaft which was I Being sunk for a well on Drysaale Station,- near I Warrnambool. Cue of the lads fell to. the bot- 5 torn of the shaft overpowered bv the foul afi while in the act of descending, and the other met a similar fate in his endeavoa to rescue his brother. Life was extinct in both lads be fore the bodies conld be recovered. IN two years — that is from 1874' to 1876— \- . the trade of the colony increased £23,639,000 to £26;67 fi,000, a growth, of more than three mil- lians ; and this,- notwithstanding the drought, a decline in the yield of gold, and the. develop ment of local industries- whieh have tended to diminish importation-. ' These appears a strong and growing desire that, the Earl of Belmore should be appointed Executive:Commissioper for the colony of New South Wales at the Universal Exhibition at Paris. The Belfast Chronicle , referring to the- idea mooted' by the Warriiambool Standard for sepa-- ration of the Western district from "-Victoria and annexation to South Australia, says that some time agO the J'eadrng men of South Australia ex- pressed a desire to join the Western district of "Victoria? because of the long distance' of barren . . country that separates it from Adelaide; A Conclave of seventy CKrdihals has assem bled- at Rome,- It is regarded as certain that an Italian Will be elected to the Papal chain A horrible crime has been committed at Yass. Stewart Mackenzie took a wattle sapling, and beat his pregnant Wife with it until she some what resembled' a mummy. He then jumped upon herr and put her to bed. The woman died, and her brutal husband1 will be tried' for man slaughter. A foot riiee' was run a few days since at Char ter's, Towers, between- two men named' Cronk and Roberts for £200 aside. The distance' was " 200 yards;- and Cronk won by 2% yards, in 21s. There were a-bonfc 1200. persons present,- and =a" . good deal of hefting took place, some large . sums of money changed' hands.— At Newcastle,- last week,- MAuliffe easily defeated Fyffe in a 1'50 yards spin,, for -£200; , Mbi Wai kins, the railway- contractor, offered, fo employ 500 of the unemployed coal miners on the Northern' Railway. The miners growl be cause they have nothing fo- do they support the Working" Men's Association in' opposing im migration j; but" riot one of them has- gone to work. We Ieam- from a; source upon which we can . fely, ssys- the Melbonrne Argus'.- that the Ebedi ve Egypt . has accepted tenders for the- erection of barracks at Port Said, which will cost about £183,000, and that tbey are intended for the re- ception of 33,000" troops, which are to lie'bronght from- Bombay . This would seem to- indicate the existence of a peculiarly close relations between the British Government and the Egyptiaapoten- tate, as well as a determination on the part of. the former to take every ""precaution for keepings open and protecting the highway to India. It maybe ap> important that other eventualities . are contemplated in the event of Russia disre garding her pledge to respect British interests when dictating the- terms of peace to Turkey. The late Pope bequeathed 3;500,000 francs annually towards the expenses of the Papacy, and also 300,000 francs. to the poor of Rome; England has purchased two Turkish iron clads, which were formerly detained in the Thames as contraband of \var. The- Assembly' is making good progress with the Estimates. It has 'passed the items of £75,000: for Immigration, £22, 000: for Tniscellaneous works,- and £6600 as a grant to the Municipal ities.-. . . A Melancholy case of suicide occurred on the 19th January,- on- board the barqueHalton Castle, which arrived in Hobson's Bay on Tues- daj-,- from- Burrard's Inlet. On the date men; tioned, about- .ten p.m;, an apprentice named' Lewis Drivie8f. aged- about nineteen, went out on the bowsprit as far as the martingale, and de liberately shot- himself with 'a revolver. Oh the 'sound- of the shot being heard- a- boat was im-- mediately lowered, and; the ship-put aback, but? notwithstanding a'searchiaf two hours,- nothing was- agairi' seen- of the unfortunate youth. Oh searching the cabin of the deceased a small car- fiddge casfe was-fouhd; which was identified by the captain- of the-- vesseias-his property. The captain then- went to- hisdesk,- and- found that a revolver had' been- abstracted. It is supposed' that Da vies must? have taken the weapon during the' captain's absence on deck-. The deceased' isstated'to-liave shown-strong symptomsof men tal aberration some time previous- to joining the vessel, and' it is suppospd that, a return of the . malady was- the cause of the'rash!acfc heperpe- A Yorkshire farmer, named. Dewes, haB been Committed for the manslaughter of liis new.-born child, whom lie dashed to the ground in a fit of passion upon learning that it was a boy, and not, as he desired, a girl. A band of m'asked assassins having been seized by the police of Bessarabia, four of their number have been tried by court-martial at Odessa for the murder of a titled lady, resulting in the con demnation of three to penal- servitude for life and the fourth to hanging. _ As sentences of the latter character are -rarely given in Russia, con siderable interest is being excited as to whether the authorities will carry it into effect. At the Salford police court James Wrigley, a calenderer, was committed for trial on the charge of having murdered, his infant child. Prisoner was alone iD a room with the child, and the me- dical'evidence showed that death resulted from suffocation, and marks of blood wefe found .both on the child's clothing and on that of the pri soner. The Earl of Carnarvon; Pro. Grand Master of the English Freemasons, presided on theM9th December -at a meeting' of the Grand Lodge, when the action of the Grand Orient of France in expunging all reference, to the Di.ety from their records was condemned, and a committee was appointed to inquire into the subject, .- The John Bull says that the Ironmongers' Company, who are trustees of Beton's Charity, have withdrawn all their annual grants to thoRe schools throughout England- which are under the management of clergy who are members of the Confraternity of the Blessed Sacrament, the Society of the Holy Cross, or who petitioned the- bishops tq license. confessors. . ... Field-Mabshae Moltke, who knows Asia Minor from personal experience, is reported to have siiid recently that the Russian conquest of Armenia would-be a very serious affair for Eng land. With Armenia Russia advances to the Euphrates, and once she possesses the Euphrates the way to India would for- the greater par# be already closed to England. > v Mr. Harry Rowles, a farmer, of Kidlington, in Oxfordshire, shot with a revolver, Miss Mary Allen, a young lady to whom lie was engaged. Three shots struck' her, two breaking her arm, and one lodging in her back. She lingered until Wednesday, when she died, Rowles was brought before the magistrate on Tuesday and- remanded. It was stated that' after shooting Miss Allen lie walked to Eynshatn and gave himself up, saying he was sorry for what he had done, and supposed the devil was in him. In spite of the invaluable services of Colonel Baker, Colonel Briscoe, Colonel . Cairipbell at Schipka and a' few others, Englishmen find it very difficult to obtain commissions in the Turkish service except as doctors, owing partly to the bad feeling against England among the higher powers since Mr. Gladstone's violent tirades, and also to the fact that Constantinople at present being the great resort of those of our countrymen who find most other capitals of Europe unwilling to receive them, and whom our French neighbors terra chevaliers J Industrie. In the village of Hariford, near Stoke-on- Trent, a horrible murder has' taken place. Martha. Billitoe, a widow, seventy years of age,, lived alone in a .cottage. In consequence .of her neighbours not having heard anything of her for some time they entered the house. . At the foot of the stairs in the kitchen they found the body of the women. Her throat was cut in two places, and her face and head were fearfully disfigured. A smoothing iron, apparently the \- weapon used against the unfortunate woman, lay by her side. When or by whom the crime was committed was a mystery. The only fact tending to throw any light on the occurrence was that on a previous evening a respectably- dressed man was seen' in the cottage, and it is suspected that" he is the murderer; The old woman was believed to have money, and the drawers and cupboards in the bouse had been ransacked. No doubt some property was taken, but as the deceased was very reserved, towards her neighbor! no one knows the extent of the robbery. The village was thrown into a state . of great excitement in consequence of the oc currence. Society in Somerset is sadly scandalised. Not . many miles from Glastonbury, the home of an ex- captain of her Majesty's land forces is deso lated by his absence. A nurse of prepossessing appearance is also missing ;.and the gallant ex- captnin's lady, whilom a fair maid of Kent, and her three children, have been received by a gal lant admiral in the neighbourhood. " On his dis appearance the impressionable husbaridtsent a letter to his wife, by a railway stationinaster Sowing his desertion. The romantici.history of- the stoney-hearted husband and the head nurse , of his family will be told before Sir James Hannen. - \ . The Eobart Town Mail says It is too early to say much about the probable character of the new mail tenders advertised for by Mr. Michie, Via the Cape. It is probable, indeed, that few will be sent in before January next. It is a big job, and" there are not many shipowners ' who are in a- position to compete for it— all its pains and' penalties considered. Still, ourcapitalisfs are not awed by difficulties,- and if it can be shown that.it will pay it will not want for money or -ships; But to run ont in forty days now and again, and' take your own time for starting is one thingr and to start by contract whether full or not at a given date, and he sub ject to peifalties on the score of time, is another. It is true that at certain seasons the Cape is a fair weather' passage, hut those who have had experience' ©f those latitudes know that it blows" as it blows nowhere else between the months of July and September. In the face of a stiff " south-easter" it would be a smart craft that could steam four knots an hour. These, how ever, are but minor difficulties, and only hinted at to" show that a too heavy penalty tor time mightr have the effect of scaring capital from an enterprise the fulfilment of- which is, in every sense, undoubtedly desirable; ' The Monma correspondent of the Riverine Herald sends - the following particulars of a ghostly sensation near the border town : — " About den miles from Monma,. on the east side of the line, stands a dummy house. This house has been occupied by a party of dam-sinkera and' bark- ringers. These men aver that about a fortnight ago they were disturbed by knockings on the iron roof, and that upon getting up they saw the figure of a woman, when one among their numbqr put the question, ' What da you watitr Missus ?"' to which the figure replied that she had been murdered" near that spot, and that the bones, of herself and infant' worild be found towards the .end of the hut, where thej' were placed fourteen yerirs ago by Morgan, -the bush'- rangei'.- One of the- party, who possessed -a< whip, made a strike at the figure, which did-not move. The following day the news spread, - and the next night a large party assembled, wherl tHe apparition again made its appearance, and the whole of these \per6ons swear most dis tinctly that they saw the figure of a Woman, and nothing can induce them to think otherwise. Last night a' detachment of the Moama police, - finder the command' of Sergeant Vauglmn, went" out to see if there Was anything to be seen, and there is no' doubt' if any person had been '"playing larks ' he would1 have .received a- little cold lead: Upon" the r'etiiftr of one- of the police this morning: I ascertained that' while im the house last night "a- terrific noise was made on the roof like the sound of a heavy hammer, - whereupon- the party rushed out of the house but could see nothing.- The noise was repeated several1 times, -and many of1 the party, -amongst whom- were men supposed to be possessedl of courage, Beemed very glad' ion the approach of the grey dawnr The mystery, -however, -remains- the same, rand .another party is- to he organised who; together with the police, -intend to go out agaffm to try apd clear up the mystery.- The men1 who were living in the hut have left- it to' the ghost, ftnd? gone and camped neaT a dam;- It scems.remarkable tbat thirty men should be- come alarmed, and positively aver that there is- eometliingrinriti" r : Mb. Thomas Garrett, in compliance With the advice of his medical- attendants, has resolved to proceed to England for a short visit. Mr. Cohen, the New South "Wales .Treasurer, in hisbudgfet speech the other day (observes the Brisbane WeeTe\ indulged in a good:deal of tall talk, and gave- his hearers to understand that the old original Paradise was nothing ;to -boast of compared with New South Wales- Amongst other flattering things about that colony, he, said : — "We possess a soil which, if you tickle it with a hoe, it laughs a harvest." It is a. pity Mr. Cohen did not leave this.remark out. Our farmers are already too much imbued with this ' " tickling " idea, and until -it is got. rid of we. shall never have any improvement in that large class engaged in. husbandry, who appear to imagine that the soil does indeed only want " tickling with a hoe to smile a harvest," and who, consequent', pass that wretched hand-to- mouth existence so observable amongst the smaller Queensland farmers. " Heaven sends food, but the devil sends' cooks." This proverb can be altered' to suit the soil and those who work, or rather do not work. Too many Queens land agriculturists are so impressed with Mr. Cohen's view of the Australian soil that they go on tickling until it can no longer feel that it is being- tickled. In other words they continue year after year robbing the land without enrich ing it again this thriftless system extending itself through all their operations, and leaving . them without a farthing laid by for a rainy, or 'rather a droughty; day. It would be far better were those in authority to impress on the farm ing mind that, though the soil may be good, it requires Something more than mere " tickling ; " that itA wants, in fact, the intelligent working .. which, in this colony at least, it so seldom gets. I — — BB—aBMi mB.tfUMrniwinriti BIIIMIM MiaaaaB— H»! ; 