THE LARGE E3TATE3. Sir,— H-avhir carefully read a lottor in you* ast 1S8.U0 signed ' Kune,' I must admit it has some grottud of truth in it, but tho writot evidently wishes to make things pleasaut all round. His argumont rnns thus : Wo having got the lund it is no uso to inquiro how, and-lo make laws that will be in any way retributive is only an ast of npoliatiou and injustice. Iiisud port otaomoof his assertions ho appoals lo tha hndiiigs of tho land claasifiora. I do not know tho value of tho land in tho far^famod Western, district, but I do kuow something about the valuo of the laud heeeabouts, and 1 with many others think the clasaihera aro not much authority. Ia ono remarkable instance thoy havo put tho l.cafc and largest cslato in this district in tho uecund class, whon moat peoplo considered it ought to bo in the first. This estato contain* nine thousand acres, and is well known here as tho vory best fattening run on this part of tho rivor. lhe owner has succeeded iu putting together this Bplondid property without a ainglo bona fide se lector having had tho ghost of a chanco, and not ao rauchaa a plan of his purchased property can bo had. Wealth and its unscrupulous uso hava boon ablo to distanco allcomers, and now, when tho State sUould get back some of its value, to the surpriso of ovory ono, its own servants bava placed this estate second class. Ono moro in stance must suflico. Two brothers own a track of land along a crook ; it ia a nice little bit of country and fair fattening land, ono ia placod in the first, the other in the second olass: tho owner of the second class ia quite insulted bv. being placed bolow his brolhor, because he ready owns the beat land, yot neither of the properties are a patch upon tho quality of tho land previously mentioned. So much for the authority of lha classifiers, I do not wonder at the land tax falling short of its expectations ; and I havo no doubt much honest and independent opinion of the same sort could bo had if sought for. I would ask ' Kune' if it is not justice to squeezo tha ownors of property who have acquired it by injug tice. With regard to future laud legislation, ona difficulty suggests itaelf lo mo : in re- leasing in say from ouo to live thousand aoro blocks and giving 21 yeara loaso will not a generation arisa ' who know not Josopli,' aud call ua monopolists tbo aarao as wo do tne equaUert of tho present day. Personally, I ontiroly agree with the pro posal, but how will it work in tho future, for £ tliink it will create a class of small squatters who will be more difficult to dispossess, if needed, than the present race? I fear it is too lato to in troduce bo radical a cbango, and to use a pbraaa more apt than polito, 'you may as well let tha tails go with tho hide.'— Youre, &o.;, J. B» Upper Murray, 