A Novel View of San Francisco. San Francisco calls itself a city ; but a city it is not We delight to style ourselves cosmopolitan ; cosmopolitan we are not. A coBmb polite is a citizen of the world, one whose home is in every place and who is attached to none. We have no such population. Now and then a stranger comes and goes ; now and then are seen in our streets the strange garb of some foreign person ; but the great bulk of our people are fixtures; some rare fossils. Ours is a great, gossiping country village, smaller than a city larger than a hamlet Everybody knows every- body ; everybody knows the business of every- body else a good society has only one circle ; business men are all cogs of the same revolving machinery ; the city has only one centre where loungers and loafers meet, only one place where business converges. Ila press are cats and dogs in the same basket. Its politicians flounder in the same filthy pool. The real fact is we are the (smallest small-potato of a city in the United States of America. This comes from our isolation ; we are so far from the world's great centre, so removed from the great throbbing arteries of trade and commerce, that we have but little in sympathy with the bustling active world in which we do not live. Ours is a little Hide eddy in the great rushing stream of life where, Uko chips and bottles and apples, we swim around each other in eddying circles, exclaiming, "Behold how we apples swim I" Every shower is a storm, every breeze a tempest, every agitation an earthquake, every incident in Sensation. We go from the depths of despair to the dizzy heights of over-sanguine expectation ; to-day we are in the doldrums, to-morrow on tiptoe with exultant hope. Stocks are down, real estate declines, business is dull, and long visaged mourners go about the streets. Stocks go up, real estate advances, business improves, and in anticipation the town smokes two-bit cigars, every gambler buys a fast team and drives to the Cliff. Like children we are tickled with straws, like school girls we are scared at ghosts. Some Billilli Scandal will amuse us for a day, but there is no scandal so small that it will not ripple through the whole circle of society from centre to circumference. One little sensation succeeds another in quick succession, each sufficient for the time to absorb the entire attention of the entire town. When we are in the dumps we are the bluest of the blue, and think than San Francisco is going to be desolated and ruined by Frazer River, Goat Island, or Oakland ; when We are not, we boast in tones of loudest exulta- tion of our future glowing prospects, of the trade of the Orient, of gold and grain, of inexhaustible resources, of wine and wool, of huge vegetables, of a climate where flowers bloom every mouth in the year, of the apple and the pine apple, the olive and the vine, of milk and honey, and all is couleur de rose. Argonaut. The English Lanui/aoe.?A French gentleman, learning English to some purpose, replied thus to the salutation, "How do you do, monsieur ?" " Do vat ?" " How do you find yourself?" "I never loseS myself." "How do you feel?" "Smooth; you start fool me." "Good morning, monsieur." "Good I No it is a bad one it's vet and nasty." IliaH-Ciiuituu Bauson : "I am sorry to see that you have given up attending church, Mrs. Mangles." Mrs. Mangles: " Well, sir, I ain't but lately you see, they do tell me you have give up composites and took to roman candles, and I wish allus mortal afeared of fire-works." The Unhawinkss ov Chii.dij.ouu.?There is a common way of talking of the period of childhood as if it were one of perpetual happiness. Grown-up people are so far removed from their early days that in many cases they seem to forget what they endured as children. They think of themselves as having been happy, strong, free from care, light-hearted at least, in contrast with the various conditions of life and thought in which they now find themselves, it seems as if they had been so and they speak of happy childhood as if entire happiness were the normal condition of human beings in the early stages of their existence. It is probable that there are some persons who can look back upon an uninterruptedly happy childhood, and, when that is the case, they have memories to be stored up which are, indeed, priceless in value. But it is true, in far more cases than the popular reckoning allows, that childhood is a period in which there is very little positive happiness, and very much of actual suffering and unhappiness. Not only are there the small griefs incident to the discipline necessary for childhood the petty disappointments which seem so keen, the small self-denial which appear so great, the restraints as to the exercise of will which the necessary rule of home or school imposes but there are far keener sufferings than these, There are the cases of children whose whole life is one of suffering, of actual or impending illness, who may, perhaps, by constant care, grow up to be men and warned in tolerable health, but who never can look back on a time when in their childhood they were strong and well. People are apt to think that such children as these have their compensation in the extra care and love given to them ; but let anyone who has had experience of such a childhood look back to it, and say if the unhappiness of illness did not render life very Bad. There is, above all, the unhappi- ness of mismanaged and misunderstood children. There are children of peculiar temperaments, whose whole lives are rendered a burden to them by the fact that the persons set over them, either parents, guardians, or teachers, have been destitute of sympathy for them, and have not thought it worth while to try what a change in the plan of managing them would do. Harriet Martineau and the young Brontes seem to have been children misunderstood and though their strong natures struggled through into brighter lives, yet there are hundreds, nay, thousands, set down as sullen, dogged, obstinate, and treated with harshness, who live lives of dull wretched- ness because they do not know what is wrong with them, and no one takes pains enough to try to set things straight for them and make them happier. Again, there are clever children weighed down by utterly unintellectual _ surroundings, forbidden to read because reading is " a waste of time," kept to mere mechanical work, and never allowed to indulge fully their love of study. At one period of her childhood Mrs. Somerville seems to have suffered a great deal from this. Of course, nothing could be more unwise than to allow all the whims and fancies of children to have their way unrepressed. Such a course of action would merely add the misery of undisciplined will to the others which children suffer. But that childhood is often a time of great, even of morbid, unhappiness, in a statement that no reflecting persons, especially those who have had much to do with children, can deny. Children are as different in their natures and temperaments as grown-up people are, and they are infinitely more sensitive, making them easier both to manage and is mismanage. Chil ren cannot be governed by any stern unvarying rule; they must be treated according to the differences in their characters. Above all, children who appear morose, obstinate, unhappy should not be made more so by punishment? they are wretched enough already. To playmate, not to increase, the unhappiness of childhood should be the aim of all who have the welfare of children at heart, Queen. 