THE HUNTER RIVER AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY'S SHOW. ?A telegeam in Thursday's Herald abates : — C£Tho vai'ioaa sections do not display the otrengfch of pasS yoara0 although the entries are Diitnorons, amounting to over 1000. Blood horses form but a middling section. Tho draught horses are very good0 with avon classes, but hacknoya and huntora are not unnierous, and are poor ia quality. W. J. Dangar'a Arab Alif waa tho centre of afctrcc* ('.inn fsirvi-iTC* tto J'xr r.T*r\r\ TTln nhn m ci o»i^ win nnr$ and the display of Hereforda is excel-* loot. The Devon are row, bat good, and fal; stock are only fair. Tho pig section la good, but sheep are almost unrepreceated. Tbe poultry exhibita are light, and there is a good show of farm produce, and hay and maize were special fet;!;ui'eH. Tho pavilion contains little of a miscellaneous character. Farm implements form a medinm display — lacking novel* ties. Baggies- are numerous and good. A large attendance in expected tonraorrow. The follow ing are tho principal prizes : — Blood afcal lioH, Bowman'o Sunlight ; blood snare, Clift'fj Valadetta ; Arab stallion, Dangar'a Alif ; heavy draught stallion, Graham's Young Champion ; tvvo'iyecr-iold atallion, Ford's Australian Cham pion ; draught mare, Vercoe's Violet ; Suffolk stallion, Dangar'a Bowbearer. Cattle: Darham bull, threo yea- ro, Ealea'o Duke ef Bntter« flics ; two years, Dangar'a Blenheim ; one yaar, and champion, Darham Lomas, 24th Duke of Deri-imut ; calf, Bales's Double Butterfly ; Durham cow, Durham Conntesg. In the heifer classes Kales's Matilda Baiter fly the 2nd and Butterfly the 3rd, both took first prizes. Hereforda ; builo, Nowlan'a Pearl Diver the 4th j fcwo-year-oldg, Kowlan's Pearl Diver the ofch ; yearling, Reynold's Princo Albert j coif, Foot's Sari. Hereford's s cov?s Nowlan'a Trea-=- sure ; two-yeai'-olds, Junor's Moos Soae ; yesv ling, Eeynold'B Purity the let; oalf, Junor'a Per« fection. Devons : two-year-old bull, Junor's Selector ; cow, Wyndham's Violet ; heifer, two years, Reynolds's Melody the 3rd. Silas Rose, W. Foreman, Charles Bowden, Joe Vickery, and W. Vickery, are the principal exhibitors of farm produce ; and M. and R. Scobie show exeellenfc collections of vegetables. Tho second day of the ahov? waa very sacceac ful. Six thousand parsons attended j £267 wr.s taken at the gates. The total receipta[foi' the two dsyo are £331. At the luncheon, held in Hen of the annual dinner, seventy gentlemen attended. AllEEST 03? ONE OP THE CHEQUE FOEGEES.~= Foi* somo weeko past a gasg1 of tho ''? fly mob ' have been parading the city and have gulled a nnmb9i' oi tradeopeople by freely 'parting' with valueless cheques. They took fcha unwary by Burprise, and engaged them in converaation as to how mattern stood in fcha country. Of course each of the motley crew endowed the other's otatemenfe, and of cousbq the ohequeo tendered, some bearing namea of repute, wore cashed without deloy, Howevor, oss Thuraday one of tho party waa avreotod in Georgeaatreot by one the dctoctives and safely put away nffcei: identification by one oi the victims. Oa hia person sorae cheques were found, and it ia ststacl that the forger haa a number of aliasec. The oaso cornea oq thia day (Friday) for heaiiog. It is asserted that a remand is to be asked for, fco enable tho police to soizo upon Ills confederates. Tho man in custody ia arid to be known ou Phelps (or Phillips) and also Ashton. Fearful Hurricane at Paumoia.— -Five Hundbee Lives Lost. — The Auckland Star, of the 22nd ult., s&ya; : — The Blanche bringa newG from Earotonga o? a dreadful hurricane at Paumota. Eivo hundred lives were loaCj and many vesaela wrecked. A correopoadentj writing on the 5th March, aays : — One of tho society's vessels, arrived from Tahiti, reports that one of the Paumota Lagoon Islands, named Atavam, has been com pletely swept by the hurricane or tidal wave. Houses, troo3, stores, and inhabitants aro all gone. Mr. Boo3ie, trading agent for Messrs. Branderaj of Tahiti, esosped with a few othoro. Tho greater portion of the group In devastated. Between 400 and 500 liven were lost, ba3idcia several veaoel?. An eye°wltnens at Papeto writeD that the sec iroso over the land Dwoepiiig av7ay everything. Wo retreated to the highoofc pom(;s about twenty feet above fcho sea la'val. Eoi'fcunately the oyolono abated when She water woo wi'chin two feet of us. Tho Tahita Government soufc a man-of-war to the Island of Kankora — whioh suffered the most, looinf-; 117 peopls3 and all houses aud boats, Messrs, Brando? lout thre3 Bchoonors, one cntfcer, and twelve ouaall boatas besides a whole outablishment; a^j Anan, Tho cyclone continued from tho 7th to the Sfch of February. The Ghost. — The attendance of visitors to see his ghostship at the Guild Hall this week'haa considerably increased, It is impossible for the public to get a correct idea of the entertainment by means of ths press or by advertisements. So it is more in a viva voco manner the cleverness of tho illusions is made known than hj any other means, Some persons have stayed away lest they should become nervous and frightened. We can assure them that there is no reason, for this, as children laugh and seem greatly enjoyed when the ghost appears, To-night (Friday) tho officers of tho Japanese man-of-war give their patronage to the ontertainmont. D'Arcy Head intends remaining in Sydney till after the Exhibition, when no doubt tho. hall will bo crowded with visitors. Charles Clark. — This gentleman Las boon lecturing to full houses ovory night dnco out' last igeue. Tho subjects ohoson navo boon — on Pridays ' Macaulay ; ' Saturday, ' Charles Dickons 5' Monday, ' Tho Tower, of London ;' Tuesday, ' Thaokeray j' Wednesday, ' Oliver Cromwell';' Thursday, ' Charles Dickens;' and ' Oliver Goldsmith' is announced for to-night (Friday). 