MINÏNG DEPUTATION. At Hobart Town a deputation of miners had waited upon the Minister of Lands and Woiks on Friday, with reference to the Mineral Lands Act. We learn from our exchanges that the deputation consisted of Messrs J. G. Wagneknecht, J. Irwin, J. Gaylor, C. Iles, J. C. Macmichael, G. Macmichael, M. Blackall, S. Traill, J. Foster, M. Blake, and C. A. Chapman. Mr H. J. Hull, Deputy Commissioner of Crown Lands, was also present during the interview. Mr Wagneknecht, who acted as spokesman, pointed out with reference to clause 1 that the manner of marking land, as required by this clause, was defective. The clause says —" Any person intending to apply for a lease shall first proceed to mark the ground to be applied for, if in timbered country, by cutting upon a tree in some conspicuous part of the ground, a mark which shall be clearly visible ; or if in clear country, by erecting a post not less than 3ft in height and 3in in diameter ; or where impracticable to erect a post, by erecting a cairn of stones not less than 2ft in height." But marking off the tree in this manner they did not think was sufficient, and he on behalf of the delegates would suggest that trenches should be cut E., W., N., and S. from the tree so marked, and that the height of the cairn or post be increased to 6ft instead of 2ft. If these alterations were made, the likelihood of mistakes arising from persons applying for leases of land which had been already obtained would be considerably diminished. With reference to clause 2, which provides that if two or more persons shall simultaneously mark off and apply for the same ground, they shall, failing any other agreement, draw lots for the same, the deputation was of opinion that no alteration was required, and the interests of miners would be consulted by leaving it in its entirety. , Clause 3 required no alteration, and clause 4, which was to the effect that half a vear's rent be deposited on application fortoâ lease and with reference to which a former deputation had recommended fan alterationm favor of theoldsystem, thisdeputationconsidered shouldremain without alteration, for if the old system were resorted to, the land would be locked up and the poor man be the greatest Bufferer. Clause 8 provided that the half the deposit should be forfeited as well the £1 on the withdrawal of an application, and this they could offer no objection The Minister of Lands stated that with reference to the deposit fee of 10s to be paid in lodging an objection to a lease being taken up, it had been thought too small, and gave room and opportunity for lodging frivolous objections. After some consideration on the subject, was unanimously agreed that £2 103 it would be best to recommend the alteration to be. The Minister of Lands, in replying to the deputation, informed the members of it that the matters brought before him and the suggestions made as regards the mining interest should be submitted to Government and considered. The Government's aim was to foster and encourage mining industries, but while doing so it would have to see that the revenue was protected. He assured the gentlemen comprising the deputation that these suggestions should be taken into consideration at the earliest date, and the Government were willing and pleased to receive hints and recommendations from gentlemen of practical mining experience, in order that the laws and regulations relating to our mining interests should be made as perfect and as useful as possible- ANOTHER EVANGELIST. — Dr. Somerville, who is at present in New Zealand and whose _ missionary services in the other colonies have created even more excitement than those of Mr "Varley, is expected to pay a visit to Tasmania, arriving at Hobart Town about the 1st June. The Mercury says that Dr. Somerville is expected to remain at Hobart Town for about ten days or a fortnight, and will then visit Oatlands, Campbell Town, Launceston, and probably Deloraine, devoting in all about a month in Tasmania. He will re- visit Melbourne and thereafter Adelaide, and return to Scotland by the overland mail at the end of August. Dr. Somervillt will be accompanied by his son. RAGGED SCHOOLS ASSOCIATION. — A special general meeting of this Association was held on Wednesday at Hobart Town, for the purpose of considering the late resolution of committee that recommended the transference of the schools to Government. His Lordship the Bishop of Tasmania occupied the chair. It was found that as ten clear days had not elapsed since the requisition was presented, the meeting was informal. A great deal of discussion ensued on the subject, and it was decided to call another meeting on the 16th inst. ATTEMPTED MURDER.—-At the Sorell Police Court on Wednesday a woman named Mary Hand, residing at Bream Creek, was charged with having attempted to murder a boy named Thomas Liddington, jun., by cutting his throat with a razor. It appears the prisoner lives with a man named Liddington by whom she has three children. She has been subject to strange fancies of late, and on the 2nd inst. Liddingion was awakened by hearing the eldest boy cry out and found prisoner had got out of bed, gone over to the boy's bed, which was in the same room, and had cut his throat with a razor which she had taken out of Liddington's pocket the day before. The boy has recovered under medical treatment. The prisoner was committed for trial. FIRE.—An alarm of fire was raised on Thursday morning atjabout half-past ten. On enquiry it turned out to be in the yard occupied by Mr Stearnes, of St. Johnstreet, who had employed a man to pitch and tar a boat that was lying there. The man was engaged heating the tar in a kerosene tin when the tin melted and the tar ran out, catching alight at the same time. The fire-bell was rung and the brigades were promptly in attendance, but fortunately their services were not required, as the man extinguished the fire by smothering it with a sack. THE old Theatre Royal looks very dismal just now, as Mr Scott has the front all down, and the remains of the dresscircle, gallery, and the desolate looking stage are exposed to view. The new Oddfellow s Hall which is to rise in its place roll be an ornament to that part of the town; but many will recall pleasant memories of the old theatre when they pass its site. THE CHRISTIAN WITNESS for May is to hand. Further correspondence on the subject of the Atonement is published, and there is a fair selection of other matter. . ŁACNCBSTON RIFLE CORPS.—A meeting of the newly-enrolled Eifle Cerpa took place at theVolunteerBuildings,Thursday evening. There was a good muster, eighty-five members putting in an appearance. Sergeant-Major Martini sized and told off the. two companies, and then, assisted by the officers-elect, put them through some squad drill, including extension motions, many of the men evincing considerable aptitude It nounced that Sergeant-Major Martini would attend at the same place every Tuesday and Thursday evening, and that for the convenience of the men one drill would commence at half-past seven, another at half-past eight o dock ihere will also be drills on Wednesday evenings. At the conclusion of the parade several young men who had to o - lookers expressed a wish to join U.«> corps and from all we can hear there is no doubt that the additional nnmber sanctioned by the Government will shortly be enrolled. Those who ^ contemplating enrolment will therefore have to m» up their minds without delay m order to avoid exclusion. We ^ requested to state that Dr. Mason will few days be in attendance at his private residence from 9 to 10 a. m ; and from 1 to 2 and 5 to 7 p.m., for the purpose of receiving candidates for admission into 1 1 POTLIC WORKS. — Tenders are called for roads from Leven to Emu Bay, Latrobe to Torquay, and in the vicinity of the Rivers Blythe and Emu. . MELBOURNE ITEMS.—We notice that Mr and Mrs Taylor, the champion skaters, who were here some time ago, have been appearing recently to large audiences at Roberts's Skating Rink, St. Kilda, and at an entertainment given on May 2, Mr Jb. Turner carried off a silver cup given by Mrs Taylor, from nine other competitors. The Hayward Combination Troupe, which only left here about ten days ago, appeared on the 4th inst. at the Temperance Hall, Melbourne, before over 1400 persons, and many were unable to obtain aimission. HOBART TOWN VOLUNTEERS. —A meeting of members of the Hobart Town Rifle Corps was held on Wednesday even- ing for the election of officers, Lieut.-CoL D St? Hill in the chair. Several members expressed their disapproval of the course f adopted by the chairman respecting the s nominations for officers, as being a direct infringement of the spirit of the ballot, and after some discussion it was altered. Eight nominations for the four captaincies were received, the ballot resulting as follows :—Mr W. H. Smith 168 votes, Mr J. G. Davies 153, Mr J. O'Boyle 150, Mr T. Marsden 11G, Mr E. Edmonson 10G, Mr J. M. Clarke 81, Mr A. Reid 79, and Mr J. Helmer 3. The following names were then received for recommendation for the eight lieutenancies in the Corps. There being an excessive number, it was decided to take a poll on Friday evening at 7 o'clock :—J. Murdoch, A. Reid, E. Edmondson, J. T. Cole, F. y Hood, J. E. Addison, J. Coates, J. M. Clarke, E. Freeman, G. Richardson, F. Burgess, J. Chapman, E. Butler, H. Y. Bayley, E. Norman, A O. Norman, J. Mannion. G. Ivey, R. Yalentine, G. Still, W'. Benson, J. R. Betts, A. J. Robertson, F. Lovett, M. Coverdale, E. Maher, Riley, Cohen, J. G. Moir, Cook, McCourt. Hepburn, O. Lord, Bendall, Pink,|J. Cuthbert, F. Self, J. A. Hammett, C. Cato, Horan, Packer, Archer, Burgess, J. Higgins, J. Hubbard, D. Morris, H. S. Barnard, E. Nicholls. A LIBEL ACTIOS.—A New Zealand paper in a telegram, dated Kumara, April 10, states :—" Mr Croumbie Brown's writ against Father Hennebery for £1000 lias been served. The libel case will be heard in September, and in the meantime steps are to be taken to prevent Father Hennebery leaving the colony. A DIVORCE CASE.—The Devon Eerald of Wednesday says—Mr H. D. Turnbull, of Victoria, visited Latrobe a few days since, for the purpose of serving on Mr F. H. Home, and Mrs Turnbull (wife of Mr Turnbull, Episcopalian Minister, of Blackwood, Victoria), a citation to appear, within twenty-one days, before the Supreme Court of Victoria, to answer in an action brought by Rev. Mr Turnbull for a dissolution of marriage on grounds stated in citation. The service was made by Mr H. D. Turnbull, in presence of MvD. C. Cavanagh. LATROBE RACES.—These races are fixed to come off over the Sherwood course on the 28th inst., when the following events will be run : — Maiden Plate, Devon Handicap, Novel Race, Pony Race, Handicap Hurdle Race, and Consolation Handicap. THROAT AFFECTIONS AND HOABSENESS.—All suffering from irritation of tlic throat an d hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by tlie useof "Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous lozenges are now sold by most respectable chemists at Is l?j(l per box. People troubled with a " hacking cough," "aslight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious pulmonary and asthmatic affection. See that the words " Brown's Bronchial Troches" are on the Government stamp around each box.- -Manufactured by JOHN I. BBOWN & Sons, Boston, United States. Depot, 493, Oxford-street, London.—Advt. CORNWALL AUSILTAW STEL-E SOCIETY. The 46th anniversary of the Cornwall Auxiliary of the British, and Foreign Bible Society was held' at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening, and was preaided over by Hy. Dowling, Esq. There was only a moderate attendance. On the platform we noticed the ven. Archdeacon Hales, Revs. Canon Brownrigg, W.J Law, C. Price, and W. White. VALEDICTORY TEA MEETING. The farewell tea meeting to the Rev. Eliel Turton and his family took place at the Primitive Methodist Church, Frederick-street, on Monday evening last. The spread was got up by Mr S. J. Sutton, of Brisbane-Btreet, but owing to the large number present, and other causes, the supply of viands, &c.;, was rather limited, which drawback, however, was in a measure compensated for by the excellent meeting that followed. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. — The usual weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Benevolent Society was held at the Town Hall Wednesday afternoon. Present—Messrs E. L. Ditcham (chairman), Baker, M'Leod, Stephenson, and John Tevelein (acting secretary). The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, and the relief list was called over. The secretary reported the receipt from MrD. Ritchie of I cwt. of oatmeal, which was ordered to be acknowledged. There was one application for relief, which was deferred to allow time for enquiry to be made into the circimstances of the case. PRESENTATION.—On Sunday last a very pleasing presentation took place at Perth, when Mr W. E. WatkinB, the Superintendent of the Perth Baptist Sunday School, was presented with a handsome family bible by the teachers and scholars, and afterwards a similar ceremony took place but the gift assumed the shape of a purse of sovereigns, and was given by the members of the church. Both presentations were made by the Rev. G. W. Gillings, and regret was generally expressed at Mr Watkins leaving the district. Yesterday morning a number of friends assembled at the Perth railway station to bid farewell to Mr Watkins, who took his departure for Melbourne by the steamer erwent Wednesday. . His REVENGE. — A tall youth down rom Riverina, who was bent upon a pree, went out and fell amongst the Philistines, who robbed him of 20 sovereigns ami bis watch, and turned him into the street. The youth (says the Pleasant Creek News) returned home and concocted a scheme of vengeance. He did not care to appear in a police court, so he chose another way of getting at the delinquents. A few days afterwards, when the affair had blown over, he togged himself out, and put a lot of imitation bank-note8 in his pocket. He duly fell in with the harpies, who treated him as before. But verily he had his revenge; for the whole gang were seized for trying to pass the notes, and are now reposing in gaol. That outh had better go to his station and remain there, or when the gang get out they will warm him. ARTIFICIAL GEMS.—The artificial production of gems has been achieved by Messrs. Feil and Fremy (says the Leader} At first it was supposed that they were merely imitations, but from a description of the process it would appear that tliey are realities. A mixture ot quartz and aluminate of lead is exposed for twenty days to a bright red heat. In the course of that time the alumina separates and crystallises, forming corundum. This is colorless, but a very small addition of bichromate of potash gives it a true ruby color, while oxide of cobalt makes i' sapphire. These gems stand a;l the usual tests in regard to hardness, density, crystalline form, and optical properties. The part played by the quartz, or silica, appear to be the elimination of the lead, with which it forms a glass or slag, which is rejected. The colors of gems are for the most part accidental, and may depend on a variety of substances. It is not alleged that the natural ruby contains bichromate of potash, or that the sapphire contains the oxide of cobalt, and in so far the artificial gems may be held to be different from the natural ; but the corundum is identical, and the other gems are merely modifications thereof. The success of the discoveries is therefore indisputable. STRANGE BUT TRUE.—It has been discovered that there is something peculiar about flour. When the price.of wheat goes up sixpence a bushel, flour gets the news in half a minute by telegraph. But when wheat goes down, flour gets the news by maU, and mighty slow mail at that. FLOBILINE—FOB THE TEETH.AND BREATH.— A few drops of the liquid Floriline sprinkled on a wet tooth brush produces a pleasant lather which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the t»eth a. peculiar pearly whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline* being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age., Price 2s 6d; of «11 chęimats and perfumer». Prepared by Henry O. GALLUP, 498, Orford-atraet, London,-: Adrt, THE AFFABLS MAN.—A mother aid babè were among the nassengers waiting at'oneof our great termini. She had the child carefully wrapped up ; and this fact, perhaps, attracted the attention of a big, unpleasant-leoking fellow, with a heavy overcoat and rusty carpet-bag in his hand. Sitting down beside her,. he remarked, "Cold weather for such little people, isn't it 1 " She faintly nodded. " Does he seem to feel it much 1" continued the man. She Bhook her head. "Is it a healthy child ?" he asked, seeming greatly interested. " He waB up to a few moments ago," she snapped out ; "but I am afraid he's smelt so much whisky that he'll have the delirium tremens before night ! " The man got up, and walked out of the room, and was afterwards seen buying cloves and cinnamon to correct the whisky. STRANGE ACUIDENT.—An extraordinary accident occurred to Mr George Bruce, the landlord of the Robin. Hood Hotel, Sydney, on the 30th ult., which, but for his great presence of mind, would probably have terminated in a manner very different from that recorded by the Sydney Morning Berald. Shortly before 6 o'clock in the evening, Mr Bruce went into the cellar at the back of the bar to draw rum from a cask, and as there was not sufficient light to enable him to see whether the measure in his hand was full, he struck a match. The vapour from the spirit comine; in contact with the flame, immediately ignited, which caused the cask of rum to explode with a loud report, scattering its contents over Mr Bruce, who became enveloped by fire. Fortunately, there was a water cask in the yard at the back of the cellar, and he instantly made for this. There were three or four feet of water in the cask, which enabled Mr Bruce to completely immerse himself, and so extinguish the flames, but not before he had received some burns about the face, hands, and legs. Had it not been for the water being at hand, the consequences would have been far more serious, if not fatal. The force of the concussion was so great that some china in a room on the first floor was smashed. SMART WORK.—A friend once described to us, says the Cairo Bulletin, an execu- tion which he witnessed in Paris, outside the walls of the city prison, and in the public street. ' It took place in the grey of dawn, and at the precise hour indicated in the sentence. A squad of soldiers filed out of the gates, and in a twinkling put together the machinery of the guillotine, some of them sprinkling sawdust on the pavement while it was being put up. Before this was fairly finished the gate swung open, and the criminal and executioner and the spiritual adviser marched out. Whatever religious exercises were essential had been attended to within the prison. The criminal, with his hands bound behind him and a cap drawn over his head, was led forth, his body bent forward over the carriage, which, as he pressed it, shot forward on noiseless wheels, and the knife fell with a glitter of its keen, polished edge ; the head dropped into the basket awaiting it, the body was placed in a coffin, the machineiy taken down, the sawdust swept up, and the whole scene was over. Within ten minutes, by the watch of the witness, every trace of the execution was over. The soldiers, the priest, the executioner had disappeared, and there was not even a drop of blood upon the pavement to indicate that a tragedy had been there enacted. A CAUTION TO THE SICK AND NURSES. —It must have happened in the experience of most practitioners that a patient appeared unaccountably worse shortly after the administration of a new remedy, which at the outset seemed to produce satisfactory results. There is a possiblejexplanation of this untoward experience, to which it may be worth while to direct notice. The practice of increasing the dose of a remedy without the consent or knowledge of tliefpractitioner when benefit appears to bo received, is by no means uncommon even among persons who should be well informed. It is not known or it is forgotten that the aim e drug often produces totally different effects in diverse doses, and when one has been exhibited with success it is dangerous to change to another without a perfect knowledge of the action of the medicine in all its gradations of strength or quantity. A point to notice, remarks the Lancet, is that the smaller the dose in the first, instance the greater the risk of increasing it. For example, if a practitioner has prescribed the sixth part of a grain of some powerful drug, it is a serious, and may be a perilous, experiment to take one-third ; more perilous than the increase from a fourth to a third would have been. It is not worth while, perhaps, to speak of degrees of folly in respect to thiB wholly reckless practice, but it may serve a useful purpose to point out that the greatest danger besets the slightest departure from the precise terms of a medical prescription, and those who ate wise will, for them selves and others, avoid incurring the risk. ATREE FBOG IN COAX.—We hąyę b«»ijr f slipwn (aaya tlie North 'Oia^o Ttmù) illustrious strangéir in' the shape of 1 J p i large tree frog of a brilliant emerald. grean fcolor with white spots," which was.', foiinditithe interior of a lump of coal, at'McBsrs Galbraith and Co.'s yard. The coal was part of a cargo from Newcastle, ., arid the lump in question, falling to thé ground split, discovered the reptile, which must have been concealed within it for hundreds of years. The body is between, three and four inches in length, and thé creature, when shown to lis, was stall alive, though apparently veiy sluggish, as might be expected after such a Rip Van Winkle sleep as he must have had. EXTRAORDINARY ASSAULT BY A COW. —A lady named Mrs Maum, who is upwards of 80 years of age, had a narrow escape from death last week, says the Mercury. Whilst standing near her own • house at Clarence Plains on Friday evening, between 3 and 4 o'clock, a horned cow belonging to Mr Benjamin Joseph, went deliberately up to her, knocked her down, and horned and butted her about the body and face, continuing the attack for some time. Mrs Maum not only became unconscious, but one of the hornB of the cow entered her left cheek, the wound fortunately not being of a dangerous nature. After a time the animal , departed, and as soon as Mrs Maum had recovered consciousness, she managed to get into her house, where she was found by one of her granddaughter in a veryweak state. Mrs Maum is gradually recovering from the injuries and severe shock she sustained. VITALSTATISTICS.—There were1,154,631 births in the British Isles in 1876, or more by 477,722 than the deaths, this excess of births over deaths being nearly 92,000 greater than the excess in the preceding year. This natural increase was distributed thus—377,156 in England, 52,627 in Scotland, and 47,939 in Ireland. BALTIMORE OYSTER TRADE.—There are 25 packing-houses in Baltimore, employing each from 50 to 450 hands, and handling 3,000,000 bushels of raw and 15,000,000 of canned oysters each season. Besides these are 50 steaming-houses, where 25,000,000 cans are prepared each season by 7000 men ; 2000 men make the cans. AN ACCOMPLISHED VISITOR. -Recently (says the Brisbane Telegraph) a man of somewhat engaging manners and good face, but not fashionably dressed, entered a restaurant in Brisbane and ordered dinner. It was served to him immediately, and he enjoyed the good things before him, so much indeed that the landlady (aside) remarked, " Goodness me, what a liapetite." On finishing his "slender" repast he arose, bowed to his hostess, and said, " Pd eaten nothing for four days," and walked out. It was gratifying to look on the face of that hostess as she watched her guest retiring. Afterwards, this interesting traveller visited an hotel and asked for accommodation, and while enquiries were being made as to whether it was available, he indulged in a bottle of stout, entertained an acquaintance, and burned a cigar. On being advised that there was no room for him, he apologised for intrusion, and retired. Subsequently it was discovered that he had not paid his score. Later on in the day he was seen luxuriating in a hansom cab along Queenstreet, but report does not say whether the cabman has got his money or not. That man will find luxurious quarters, perfectly free, shortly. TASMANIAN COURSING CLUB.—We learn that Mr W. G. Weaver, the hon. secretary of the Tasmanian Coursing Club,, has received a letter from Mr Sadlier kindly granting permission to the Club tohold their first meeting on the Quamby estate, Hagley. This will be handy for the visitors, and from the character of the ground and the number of hares said to abound there, a very successful meet may be hoped for. Mr Gardner, so well-known in Victorian sporting circles, has been appointed judge, and the meeting will take place on the 6th June, to be continued on the following day if necessary. We remind owners that nominations close on the 14tli inst., and entries with final payments must be made by 3 p.m. on the 3rd June. AN INDEFATIGABLE TOURIST.—Though Mr E. Richall Richardson unfortunately had many adverse circumstances to contend against in reaching the West Coast, we (Tribune) learn that he arrived at the Pieman River successfully. The rivers having been swollen his journey from Mount Bischoff was a trying one, and he was four days without food when Mr Alfred Pyke, the leader of the Hamilton Prospecting Association, met him within a, mile of Mr Donnelly's camp, at Corinna. Mr Pyke supplied the famishing tourist with damper, and directed liim upon the • course to find Mr Donnelly. There are very few men who would undertake such a journey alone as Mr Richardson did, but though he failnd to reach the West Coast via Lake St. Clair nothing daunted he tried the. Mount Bischoff route. Mr Richardson may be expected to return in a fewdayB. . ; ODD FELLOWS AND SICK PAY.—At the Court of Requests at Hobart Town on Thursday, a man named Henry Hare sued Messrs Koeck, Johnson, and Duggan, representatives of the Albert Lodge of Odd Fellows, for £10, alleged to be due for ten weeks' sick allowance, in consequence of plaintiff having been laid up during that period with a broken leg. The defence was based upon a rule of the lodge to the effect that no allowance should be granted to any member during eickneBS caused by his own profligacy or drunkenness. From the evidence it appeared that plaintiff had met a girl on the afternoon of -the 29th December crying. She told him that a man named Brown had struck her. Plaintiff saw Brown about it, telling him that it was cowardly of liim to strike a girl. Brown subsequently met plaintiff and knocked him down, the fall breaking his leg. The Commissioner, after hearing other evidence, said that plaintiff could not be reproved for interfering on behalf of a woman by calling the man who had struck her a coward. The attack was unwarrantable, and the plaintiff was to be commended for his interference. It was certainly not the part of a profligate he took ; he acted in a manly spirit, and judgement for the amount claimed was accordingly given. MASONIC.—A very influential gathering of Mark Master Masons assembled at a special meeting of the Victoria Lodge, at the Masonic-hall, Lous dale-street, on the 26th ult., says the Argus, to witness the investiture of Bro. H. W. Lowry as the first Provincial Grand Mark Master Mason in this colony, which distinguished position has just been assigned to him under the seal and patent of the Earl of Limerick, Grand Master of Mark Master Masons in England and Wales and the colonies and dependencies of the British Crown. Brother Tlxomas Russell, Senior Past MasterVictoriaLodge M M. Masons, 47 E.C., was the installing officer, who immediately upon the Right-Worshipful Provincial Grand Master being reported in attendance directed him to be received under arched wands, the brethren being atattention, and solid music being played. After being installed the R. W. Provincial Grand Mark Master Mason then appointed and installed his officers, and declared the Provincial Grand Lodge constituted. FORTUNE TELLING. — At the Police Court of the town: of Barnsley, Yorkshire, on February 9 (says the Dispatch), Sarah Ellmore, a married woman, was charged with professing to tell fortunes. The evi- dence given by three young girls was very extraordinary, one of them, Martha Ann Casement, stating that she had had her fortune told several times by defendant at her liouse by means of cards. She said she could bewitch witness's mother, who was then staying at Low Valley, and advised that a toad be got, and then filled with pins, and this would have the effect, so defendant argued, of wasting Mrs Casement's existence away. Witness's father repeatedly sent witness to look for a toad, but she never found one. Sarah Ann Hinchcliffe, aged sixteen, said she had been several times to defendant's house during the last six months, to have her fortune told. She was to have plenty of sweethearts, and she one day cut her toe and finger nails, wrapped the parings carefully in a piece of paper, and then placed the paper in the ashes. She was told that if she did this she would get her future husband that night, who would appear to her while she slept. He didn't, however. (Laughter.) The mayor sentenced the defendant to three months' hard labor. A SMART WOMAN.—One Mrs Saura, of Kansas, is a woman whose energy deserves mention. She has a farm of 360 acres of prairie land. Last spring she harvested ten acres of wheat of her own ploughing and sowing, and put down twenty acres more. She is not physically strong. When she began her ploughing she was so feeble that she had a chair at the end of her furrow, and was obliged at every second row to stop and rest. She chose this life because she had more fitness for it than for anything else that gave promise of a future for two little sons whom she desires to educate to usefulness. Her health improves, and a sheep-raiser in the neighborhood has engaged her to plough ten acres of land for him, and take her pay in sheep. THE RECENT DROWNING CASE.—The body we reported in our last issue as having been found on the banks of the River Tamar was identified yesterday as that of James Wilson, who was drowned in February last from the ketch Tasman. As the circumstances of the case under which the deceased met his death were so well known the coroner did not think there was any necessity to hold an inquest, and' therefore signed the usual order for interment of the remains. WESLEÏAN CONFERENCE. —The Becond session of the Australasian Wesleyan Conference, ; which meets triennially, will commence at Sydney on Wednesday next. j S, delegates from' the-Victoria and Tasmania Conference, thę Revs. N; Bennett and John Cope, left per Mańgana on 3rdihst. tó attend the gathering. ANOTHER SELL.—On Thursday as the little river steamer Corio was on her way up the river, and just off Rosevear's, the captain was surprised to see a man tearing frantically along the road, waving his hat and arms at the steamer. Naturally thinking that the individual was an intending passenger the captain stopped his boat and called out to the man, asking what he wanted. The man came to a full stop, and after waiting for a moment or two to recover his breath gasped out, " Will you please to tell me the time, sir ? " The response of the captain may be readily conjectured. It is pleasing to see that the Corio is of Bome use on the Tamar, not only for carrying cargo but for informing intelligent rustics of the time of day. FIJIAN PANCAKES.—The experiences of a Fiji official with a native cook are thus related by the Fiji Times :—" This gentleman's weakness is pancakes, and he ordered them accordingly ; but as they seemed to be heavy in consistency, he directed the sable Soyer to put in more soda. Still they grew heavier, and the unhappy partaker began to feel the baneful effects of their undue specific gravity in the failing state of his usually robust health. More soda was demanded, and still those pancakes grew heavier, and still the devourer grew sicker, till a serious disturbance eventuated ; the master vowing that the instruction relative to the soda had been neglected, cook swearing he had put it in in handsful. ' ' Then the soda is no good," roared the disappointed and ailing lover of fritters ; ' bring it here.' It was brought, and turned out to be a 561b. tin of excellent plaster-ofparis. There are no pancakes made in that establishment now, and a good plain cook is open for an engagement. " COLORED LOLLIES.—About a fortnight ago (says the Ballarat Courier) a number of children amused themselves at the Botanical Gardens, by throwing lollies to the monkeys, who devoured them readily. Two of the animals, who had, no doubt, managed to get more than a fair share of the confectionery, fell ill after their unusual fare, and at last died. No particular notice was taken of the fact until the stomachs of the monkeys were opened, when it waB found that the intestines of one were plugged up with plaster of Paris, adulterating agent used in some cases in the manufacture of confectionery ; while the death of the other was attributed to lead poisoning, caused by eating lollies colored with chrome yellow (chromate of lead). The Courier's informant also mentioned a case in which a whole family of children were made seriously ill, and nearly died, through eating colored lollies. CHURCH OF ENGLAND TEMPERANCE SO OIETY.—A public meeting, under the auspices of the Hobart Town Branch of this society, was held on Thursday, at Hobart Town, says the Mercury. There was a large attendance, and the Very Rev. Dean Bromby presided. Addresses in advocacy of the temperance cause were delivered by the Chairman, the Rev. Christopher Bromby, Rev. A. N. Mason, and Mr B. T. Solly ; and a paper on the beneficial effects of abstaining from the use of intoxicating liquors was read by Mr E. C. Noweli. On the motion of the Rev. Christopher Bromby, who stated that the Bishop of Tasmania had received £50 from Mr Phillip T. Smith to be devoted towards the establishment of coffee houses in Tasmania, the following gentlemen were appoiiited a committee with a view to the establishment of such a building, viz., the Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. Mr Shoobridge, and Messrs. Solly and Noweli. A HINDOO MARTYR.—There has been a great scandal at Lucknow. A Hindoo widow desired to embrace the Christian religion, and escaped from her uncle's house to that of a lady named Mulvaney, a member of the Zenana Mission. The widow's relations demanded her extradition, but Miss Mulvaney refused to give her up, so the relations brought a suit for her'restoration in the local civil courts. The suit was decided in favor of the Zenana Mission, but the Judicial Commissioner reversed the decision on appeal, and Soondari, the widow, has been restored to her disconsolate relatives. During her examination she made the following statement : — " I left for religion; wished to adopt that' of Jesus Christ ; got the knowledge from the Holy Book, which is the Christian Bible inspired by the Holy Ghost." But, according to the Commissioner, " this cannot be accepted by a court of law as a sufficient reason for a minor to repudiate the protection of her lawful guardians." AN OLD IDENTITY. —Isaac Cooper, the last survivor, it ifl said, of the crèw of the Shannon, the British frigate which in the American wax captured the Chesapeake, after.a short but desperate engagement, has died at Wooton-under-Edge,- at the age of 86. Cooper was discharged from the Royal Marines on the 11th of July, 1814\. < : At the age of 79 he was induced by his friends. to apply to the governors of Greenwich Hospital, -who granted him a pension of £22 16s for life. THE HON. W. E. GLADSTONE.—Mr Gladstones house is guarded by policemen. The other day the Right Honourable gentleman was recognised in the Strand, and had to take refuge from the mob in Coutts's Bank. The " women of Bridport" sent him a halter, made in their town, of Russian hemp, with an intimation, " that he had better use it, and rejoin his master the devil, whom he had served so loyally, as his work on earth was now completed." THE For DEE KING OF THE RING.—A writer m the Sydney Echo says :—I remember a curious bet wliich may interest those who delight in such matters. A friend of mine had a pony possessed of a fine turn of speed, and was never tired of lauding its virtues. A young fellow offered to run it 200 yards, provided he got fifty yards' start, and botli pony and man to go round a post and back. Agreed. Young Shaipwit places his post so close to a waS that it was an impossibility for the pony to squeeze through. Of course he claimed to have won. Referred to the Turf Club, they decided there could be no bet, as the youngster bet on a certainty. A just decision beyond a doubt. It is an apt illustration though of the supernatural, ultra clever sharpness of our modern youths. They cut their teeth too fast nowadays. FOXES IN VICTORIA.—A partyfof sportsmen were out recently coursing beyond the Moorabool, when an animal, not a hare, was started from the long gras. The greyhounds were slipped, and after a smart run the pursued was overtaken, but as it showed fight the dogs kept away. The sportsmen afterwards discovered that they had been coursing one of the imported English foxes, turned loose in the district some time ago. The fox eventually escaped from the greyhounds. SITTINGS IN BANCO.—The Supreme Court again sat in its Equity Jurisdiction at Hobart Town on Thursday, when Kennedy v. Macmichael and others was resumed. The Attorney-General informed the Judges, on resuming after luncheon, that a compromise had been agreed to, the terms being that the plaintiff should get one-fifth of the fifth share in dispute with net dividends, each party to pay his own costs. Ypeterday the new trial case of Anderson v. Reidand others was to be argued, and another equity suit, Nicholas v. Turner, a dispute relative to some New Native Youth shares, which has been in court here once before, and in wliich we learn from a telegram received yesterday the plaintiff has now won his suit. A MUSCULAR INSPECTOR.—A quarrel took placé on Tuesday, says the Argus, between the Government inspector and one of the contractors for the West Mel bourne Swamp, which will result ii Police Court proceedings. The inspector, not feeling satisfied with answers to inquiries made of the contractor, threw him into a ditch containing over 8ft of water. Proceedings have been taken by the contractor. CURIOUS CASE.—At the Brighton Police Court recently Mary Keating was charged with abandoning her infant child. W. Jolly said that he heard a child crying about half-past ten o'clock on the evening of the 9th inst. He got up, struck a light, and went to the door, and found the child lying on the verandah. It was well wrapped up, and quite warm. Searched, but could not see anyone near. A letter was pinned on the child's breast. The Wm. Jolly referred to in it was prosecutor's second son. He did not know the girl, and had kept the child ever since. Believed the child to be six or seven weeks old. Mrs Jollj corroborated this evidence, and also said she knew the child to be her son's. The young woman was remanded for a week, and, being released on bail, she departed with the prosecutor and his wife. It is stated that the parties are to be married.—Age. AUSTRALASIAN GENERAL CONFERENCE. —Amongst the representatives of the Victoria and Tasmania conference to the General Conference are the Revs. J. Cope, N. Bennett, W. P. Wells, Thos. Lloyd, J. B. Stephenson, S. Knight, H. T. Burgess, H. Mack, and R. S. Casely ; the Hon. James Pearce, M.L.C. ; and Messrs. Alfred Catt, J. W. Parsons, John Colton, John Cair, J. D. Bone, and J. P. Swann. For the first time in the history of the Wesleyan Church in these colonies, says the S. A. Advertiser, half the members of the Conference will be laymen. The Conference will consist of 96 members, 34 representing New South Wales and Queensland, 32 representing Victoria and Tasmania, 14 representing South Australia, and 16 representing New Zealand The British Conference will be represented by the' Rev. Gervase Smith, D.l>. It is probable that one of the most important matters which "the Conference will have to consider will be'the suggested alteration in the test of membership. According "to the existing rule all members must attend the class meeting, but it is proposed tochangethis and to regard communicants as members. THE CABLIS CONFERENCE.—Sir James M. 'Wilson left Hobart'Town by theTaniàr on Saturday tó represent Tasmania at the Cable Conference. 449 THE LATE MR JOHN LAMB.—A correspondent at Westbury writing on Saturday says :—1 regret to have to record the death this morning of Mr John Lamb an old and respected resident of this township. For many years he carried on business here as a miller, and lately relinquished his mill, and established'a general store on the premises formerly occupied by Mr R. H. Douglas. He was considerably mixed up with the business of the district, and was universally esteemed as a straightforward honest man. His illness was only of a few days' duration. He leaves a widow and large youn<* family to mourn their loss. ° SITTINGS IN BANCO.—The Supreme Court sat in banco at Hobart Town on Friday. The Attorney-General intimated that counsel had settled the minutes of decree in Kennedy v. Macmichael and others which carried out the terms agreed to on the previous day ; with this provision that the decree was not to be drawn up for a month. Their Honors assented to a decree according to the terms stated. Mr Clark showed cause in the new trial rule Anderson v. Reid and others. Judgment reserved. In the equity suit of Nicholas v. Turner which was set down for hearing and the taking of evidence viva voce, their Honors granted a short adjournment at the request of the Attorney-General, who, on the Court resuming, stated that the parties had agreed to an arrangement to the effect that the defendant should hand over and assign forthwith 124 New Native Youth, and 500 Bangor shares to the plaintiff, and account for all dividends, the plaintiff to pay simultaneously the amounts due subject as to a bill for £125, claimed by the defendant, to a reference to the counsel in the case. Each party to pay his own costs. The question of the claim of £125 was investigated in the afternoon at a meeting of the Attorney- General, Solicitor-General, and Mr Giblin, all parties being present, when after hearing the statements made, it was decided that the plaintiff was not bound to pay to the defendant the £125, as defendant had received credit for the amount under the execution against the Bangor Slate Quarry Company.—Mercury. BREACH OF PROMISE.—According to the S.M. Herald's Armidale correspondent, a young lady in Sydney has laid an action for breach of promise against a faithless young man in the New England district. The damages are moderately assessed at £10,000. Cynical bachelors will probably declare that there is not a woman in the colony who is, remarks the Echo, in herself worth £10,000. The young lady in question, however, must deem herself to. be virtually priceless, for the £10,000 only represents the amount of damage which she considers herself to have suffered from the unhandsome treatment she has teceived from her quondam swain. No doubt if the case comes to trial the court will be crowded with people anxious to see how much is left after £10,000 worth of love has been sacrificed on the altar of a faithless lover. If she is still pretty, robust, and sprightly, we fear the jury will be found incredulous of the damage she is alleged to have received, and will give a verdict wliich will show a little of that incredulity. Happy are the lawyers who have got the control of this case. Let us hope that, whatever becomes of the fortunes of the estranged lovers, the hardworking legal minds and tongues will be amply remunerated. £10,000 is just the kind of sum the wigged orators like to° wrangle over. AN ELIGIBLE M. P. —Amongst the members returned at the recent South Australian elections was a person -named Frank S. Carroll, who turned out to be a discharged convict, who had undergone sentences in Victoria and New South Wales for stealing and forging and uttering. The Adtlaide Register made - the facts connected with Carroll's career public, and in his reply to that paper Carroll admits that he suffered six months' incarceration in Melbourne Gaol, but says that the fact was well known during the whole of his residence in Adelaide. He asks—" If by one erring and unsophisticated act a man is to be placed beyond the pale of pity or consideration ?" The Segùter publishes a second charge against Carroll of having been sentenced to two years' imprisonment in Darlinghurst Gaol, Sydney, for forging and uttering a cheque. B. & T. C. IRONCO.—From the Argus of Thursday, May 2, we extract the following :—Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co. report having sold by public auction the whole of the mine, machinery, railway, and plant of the British and Tasmanian Charcoal Iron Company (Limited), together with 800 acres'of freehold land and buildings ; also 400 acres of leased land situated parish of Phillips Norton, county Of Devon, Tasmania, for £38,000. §|THE VOLUNTEER MOVEMENT.—HIE Volunteer Artillery' Corps has now been enrolled up to thé requisite strength, namely, 50 men,' the number required to complete that'complément being sworn in by Captain Harrap at the drill yard on Monday evening. It is rumored that Government intend to increase the strength of the Artillery Corps to 100 men. HALF-HOLIDAY AT POST OFFICE—THE carriers here and at HobartTown are to be allowed a half-holiday on Sturday afternoons. On and after 1st proximo the final delivery on Saturday will be at one, and at Launceston at two o clock p^ unless under special cu-cunistances ^uch as the arrival of ship mails. Tto wm a boon to the hardest worked employes ot the Govermnent-at least they are so m this town. At Hobart To^ they Uave aboutdoublethehands^thhaMttework^ and for this reason, probablv, they are to have an extra hour in the>rWiday^ BASK—The Age says—INO union B 2 ofZtralia islboutto — nee the erection of its new pren^ on the land on which stoodtke Cntenon Hotel, Collins-street, Melbourne. J-he fort of the land and buûdmgB when +Vipreon is estimated at £80,OW. to baused are T — n freestone and Peter's Head çamte., Ihe nlans and designs are by a well-Known London arcMtect, and ^tuary wj be used to illustrate the development of industry and embellish the struct^e REVOLVER MATCH. — The fi rst ™ A series of revolver matches took plaœ at the Hobart Town Butte, on Saturday The dav was very unfavorable, owing to the stroVUd and the heavy ram which fell during the contest. Six competitors put in appearance and the shooting was notas good as it probably would have been under more favorable circumstances, ihe first prize was won by Mr Nathaniel Allison, and Messrs. Webb and Robbn tied forthe second prize, which eventually fell to Mr Webb on the tie bemg shot ofl. THE Liverpool Mercury of March 5 says: —"Owing to some unaccountable delay, the first of the eight wheelbarrows ordered by the Dundee police Commissioners for the conveyance of drunk and incapable persons to police stations was only delivered yesterday. It is shaped almost similar to a coffin, mounted on double springs, and is 30in. wide at the top and 24m at the foot, There is a box at the top on which the head of the 'drunk and incapable' will incline. It is painted red inside and dark green outside, while the wheels are stencilled in bright yellow. The first barrow has caused much merriment." a PENGUIN PIONEERS' AGRICULTURAL [SO- CIETY.—The second exhibition of grain, produce fruit, timber, and manual skill, under the auspices of this society will be held at the Penguin on the 15th inst. BRANDT CREEK TRAFFIC.—A correspondent writes—H the owners of the little river steamers plying between Launceston and the Brandy Creek goldfield wish to obtain much of the goods traffic, they will have to adopt some sys tem under which shippers may have s reasonable expectation of having their goods delivered to them. At present goods shipped for the goldfield are bundled ashore at King's Jetty, llfracombe, or at the Hematite Iron Co. s jetty, Middle Arm, and there they are left to the mercy of the elements and of the numerous petty thieves who are constantly prowling about. There is no agent to look after the goods, and no place in which to put them. Hence the frequent losses of goods, and, worse than that, in many cases, the loss of time m replacing them. Surely it would be worth the while of the owners of the steamers to employ agents to receive and take care of goods delivered at Hfracombe or Scotchman's Point. At present a great many parcels are sent by the road, though the rate of carriage is very much higher than that by the river, but then consignees feel sure of their goods reaching their destination. A VERY large crowd of persons assembled on the wharf on 3rd instant to bid farewell to friends leaving by the Mangana, and among them some seventy or eighty, principally of the fair sex, were there to see Mr Henry Varley and family safely off. Just as the steamer was casting off her moorings they sang " Shall we gather at the river," and then the Doxology, while as the vessel left the wharf Mr Yarley, in an audible voice, pronounced the Benediction upon those assembled on the wharf. MAINTENANCE.—At the Police Court on 3rd inst. a young woman named Helen Biaes charged a Celestial rejoicing in the name of Kim Onn for the maintenance of an illegitimate child which she asserted to be his. Miss Biggs was staying at a store kept by a Chinaman at Nine-Mile Springs, and according to her own evidence used to visit Kim Onn, who is a miner, at his hut, and also visited other Chinamen residing there. The Bench considered the paternity of the child very doubtful, and dismissed the case. Too BAD.—The following appeared in the Kolnishe Zcituiiq of the 12th October : —The Leipzig police issued the following regulations a few days ago :—1. All persons wearing a draggling or ground sweeping article are forbidden the trottoirs, promenades, and footpaths, in the radius of the town, under a penalty of from five to fifty marks. 2, The police are to bring all offenders to the police station, and a list of their names will be published weekly in the Leipzig daily papers. SEVERAL torpedo boats of private manufacture recently constructed forthe British Government, have attained the extraordinary speed of 27 knots an hour, which is about the speed which is now got out of the fish torpedoes at the Royal Arsenal. This speed is three knots faster than that of any other torpedo yet produced, and speed in such a case means range and precision as well as a saving of time. THE VOLUNTEER INSTRUCTOR. —Captain Boddam, late R.A., whe arrived at Hobart Town on Friday, says the Mercury, is to act as Brigade Major to the Artillery Corps. The Tasman had also on board 12 cases of firearms and 241 cases of ammunition, which it is believed are for tbe use of the corps. THE MEMNONITES.—'With reference to immigration of Memnonites into Queensland, Bishop Bugnion writes to the Port Venison Times as follows :—" A few days ago I had a kind invitation to meet Mr Douglas and his Excellency the Governor at Rockhampton, when the matter was talked over. Both of these gentlemen, in their patriotic desire to see Queensland's prosperity Increasing . steadily, would have done all in their power to advance the scheme, but the present laws do not authorise the establishment of such distinct communities as the ones existing in the south of Russia, and now partly in America too. Yet the Premier admits the feasibility of a trial on a reduced scale (a vessel load), Government undertaking to pay half the travelling expenses. Therefore I have written to about 80 families of my flock in Bessarabia, and if political circumstances do not interfere in a negative way we may hope to see them here in the course of the present year. When established in this country I have not the slightest doubt that their activity, sobriety, orderly manner and simple pastoral life will induce Government and people to do something to secure a larger number of these laborious and useful citizens.—Believe me, yours faithfully, t F. L. BUGNION. Rockhampton, April 12,1878." Ł . BILLIARDS.—Three other matches between Messrs Roberts and Shorter have taken place in Melbourne last week. On Wednesday evening the game was for 500 up, Mr Shorter receiving 125, and he won by 121 points, winding up with thirteen "spots." A game of 750 up was afterwardsjjlayed, Mr Shorter receiving 175 points, and Mr Shorter won by 314 points, Roberts's play this day being very much out of form. On Thursday evening the game was 1000 up, Mr Shorter receiving 250\. Mr Roberts won by 82 points, the game lasting just two hours. On Friday evening Mr Shorter received 175 points -out of 750, and won by 363 points. Out of eight games of pyramids played Shorter won five. This week the champion and his companion play at Ballarat, Castlemaine, and Sandhurst, and then proceed overland to Sydney. FEVER GERMS.—An illustration of the dangerous role in propagating disease which the laundry occasionally plays was given at a recent meeting of St. Olave's Board of Works, London. The medical officer of health reported that a serious outbreak of typhus fever had occurred at a certain yard, necessitating the removal o£ five persons to the hospital. On making inquiries, it was found that a young woman who lived with her mother and brother at one of the houses brought home "from the other side of the water" some clothes to be washed which had been worn by a patient suffering from typhus fever. The consequences were immediate and tragic. The two women, the man, and two neighbors were attacked, and four out of this number died in hospital. The house was at once closed, and most of its contents burnt. How SCORPIONS SING.—At the September meeting of the London Entomological Society, Mr J. Wood - Mason announced the discovery of singing organs in scorpions. HP. procured two large living scorpions ; these, when fixed face to face and goaded into fury, at once commenced to beat the air with their palps, and simultaneously to emit sounds which were most distinctly audible. It resembled the noise made by scraping a stiff tooth brush with one's fingernails. The singing apparatus is developed on each side of the body, the scraper upon the flat outer face of the basal joint of the palp-fingers, and the rasp on the equally-flat and produced inner face of the corresponding joint of the first pair of legs. The former was tliickly beset with stout, conical, sharp, and curved spinules ; the latter studded with minute tubercles shaped like the top of mushrooms. The sounds were produced by these parts being quickly rubbed together, friction in a dead specimen producing the same sound. What's in a name 1 A Chinaman in San Francisco found there were thirty days. He stole a 'Frisco man's door plate, and fastened it on his own door as an ornament. He did'nt know that the name would betray him. as he thought that was merely carved on for the beauty of the thing. The Chinaman now languishes in the Bastile, another victim to the mysteries ! of English orthography. NEW CURE FOR CONSUMPTION. — The old belief etill lingering in many parts of England, that the only cure for consumption is to take lodgings above a butchers shop, is just now (says the Daily News of December 18) receiving a strange confirmation in America. Active-minded New Yorkers, on the alert for novelty, have invented a new cure for pulmonary diseases. "Very dissimilar natural productions have from time to time been recommended by the medical faculty to patients afflicted with diseases impregnable to drugs ; forjtfnstance, the milk cure, the whey cure, the grade cure, the water cure. But none of these is so curious as the blood-cure, now practised at the abattoirs of New York. Starting from the position that butchers are rarely attacked by phthisis, it has been supposed that the vitality of expiring animals unites with the atmosphere, and is absorbed by those people who are immediately about the body at the time of death. This vitality is supposed to exist in the blood, and many persons daily visit the abattoirs to catch tfxe hot blood of the bullock, and by drinking it nourish and sustain their own exhausted vitality. Numerous instances are cited of cures effected by this method said at first to be exceedingly repugnant to patients who, in time, however, take their dose of hot bullock's blood as easy as any of the other curious drinks fashionable in Manhattan. A NEW AND ARTFUL FRAUD.—A rather dangerous discovery has been made, and in more than one instance has been known to have been put into practice. By a certain chemical being applied to writing on an ordinary cheque or draft, and the paper placed between a couple of sheets of blotting paper in a copying press and repeated pressure brought to bear upon it, the writing which has been wetted by the chemicals at once entirely disappears, and other. writing may be substituted. This knowledge must have been possessed by a man who recently obtained a draft in London for £8, on Parr's Bank, at Sandbach. The whole of the writing was cleverly obliterated, and the draft converted into one for £200. This was cashed at the Commercial Bank, Manchester, went through the hands of the London agent, and also at Parr's Banking Company. Through all these it passed muster, and was not detected until the draft got back again to Sandbach, so effectively had the fraud been perpetrated. AN ENCOUNTER WITH AN EAGLE.— Shetland papers record a desperate encounter which recently took place at Cunningsburgh between a man and an eagle. The man was walking-along the high road, when he espied an eagle devouring the carcase of a sheep which it had killed. On the approach of the man, the eagle would have flown away, but it could not, owing to its talons being firmly fixed in the flesh of the sheep. On the man attempting its capture, the bird offered a fierce resistance, pecking him and striking with itB wings. The man was scratched and had his clothes badly torn. Ultimately he managed to disable the eagle, but not before he had fatally m> jured it by falling heavily on it during the struggle. It proved a splendid specimen of the erne, or sea eagle, and measured fully 7ft from tip to tip of the wings. SNAKE YARN.—The Sydney Evening News relates the following champion snake stories :—" There is to be seen at the establishment of J. B. Moorcraft, taxidermist, 699£, George-street south, a stuffed carpet snake, measuring over 13 feet. This huge reptile was captured by some blacks in the Richmond River district, and has been preserved by Mr Moorcraft as a sample of " what Australia can produce in snakes." Mr Moorcraft tells us, when discovered, the snake was coiled round the fore legs of a cow, which was bellowing most piteously. The blackfellows killed it with a paddy- mellon stick. This may be true—we don't dispute it ; but so also may the following : —Some few years ago (the story goes) a tribe of blacks camped at the cave where this identical snake was captured, and in the morning one of the picaninnies was missed. The gins kicked up a most unearthly row, and howled as only gins can under such truly distressing circumstances. One stalwart black more courageous than the rest, ventured into the cave— they believed that the ' debil-debil ' sat down there—and there discovered to his inexpressible horror the feet of the unfortunate picaninny sticking out of the mouth of a monster snake ! The reptile, it seems, couldn't swallow the child, and we must confess that, on reflection, we have not swallowing capacity to take in the story. Moorcraft, however, insists that it is perfectly true, and points triumphantly to the snake in proof of it. THE TRANSIT OF MERCURY, our correspondent at Campbell Town writes, was well seen here this (Tuesday) morning, from sunrise until egress. Time of internal contact at egress, 8h.- 34m.45s ; external contact, 8h. 37m. 15s. (Hobart Town time). Owing to atmospheric disturbance, the sun being low, it was not easy to estimate the precise instants of contacts. INTELLIGENCE has been received at Paris of the hanging of several alleged Polish doctors at Sofia when the Russian» occupied the town. The victims were residents of Cracow and Austrian subjects, being natives of Galicia. They bore Polish names, and bad, like many medical men in England, joined the Turkish medical staff. The men were hanged solely and simply because their names were Polish and they spoke the language. General Gourka was their executioner^ MODERN HEROISM.—Perhaps the most magnificent act of heroism ever heard of in California was, says the San Francisco Post, witnessed during the performance of a circus at Reno on the evening of Saturday, 2nd Sept, ; and certainly, assuming the account given to be correct, a more striking example of that quahty known as "presence of mind "canhardly be imagined. The lion tamer was giving an exhibition of his control over the ferocious beasts under his charge, when suddenly he was observed to turn pale and tremble. The largest lion of the six in the cage had displayed unusual sullenness, and now refused to obey its master. With glaring eyes it crouched in the corner, and evidently meditated a spring. The trainer recovered his self-poBsession in a moment, and, keeping his eye firmly fixed upon that of the huge beast, dealt it a terrific blow with a raw hide over its face. With a roar like thunder the lion now bounded forward absolutely foaming with fury. Seizing one of its open jaws in either hand, the powerful man held the brute off for a desperate moment by sheer strength. An electric thrill of horror ran through the crowd which thronged around the cage while the .terrible struggle was progressing. The beasts in the other den shrieked and roared in chorus, and the din was deafening. It is in a moment like this that the true heroic element asserts itBelf. Without turning his head in the least the brave man hoarsely whispered, " Pass me a small boy." One was instantly seized by a dozen kindly hands and squeezed through the bars. With a superhuman effort the trainer thrust the boy into the hot, closing jaws, and then bounded lightly aside. There was a snarl, a few savage " scrunches," and the beast turned again for its prey. But the hero was gone. The door snapped behind him, and gasping " Saved !" he fell fainting at the feet of the concourse of spectators, who cheered and wept by turns, many of them deliriously embracing each other in the wild excitement of the moment. •ENGLISH SERVANTS AND TuapsH SLAVES.— Vanity Fair says :—The difference between English servants and Turkish slaves is that the English servants belong to their masters, while the Turkish master belongs to his slaves. Once possessed of them, he is bound to maintain them for life, or until they are married, and should they become widows they return again to him foi maintenance, which, by the law, they may claim from him. As for the male slaves, there is no getting rid of them at all And, what is still worse, there iB no controlling slaves, either male or female, in their conduct of the household affairs. They are, indeed, paid no wages, but they want none, for everything in the house belongs to them and they take of it what pleases them. They can never be taught to economise, and the lot of a Pasha with half a dozen slaves is a hard one if ever his income Bhould fall off. To reduce his expenditure or diminish his household is equally impossible, and thus itjis that many a man is kept in a chronic state of bankruptcy by a retinue of hangers-on for life which he can by no means get rid of." TTAN TTTW THERE.—A stupid-looking countryman halted before a blacksmith's shop, the proprietor of which was forging a shoe, and eyed the performance with much interest. The brawny smith, dissatisfied with the man's curiosity, held the red-hot iron suddenly under his nose, hoping to make him beat a hasty retreat. " H you give me a sixpence I will lick it," said the countryman. "I'll stop the braggart's jaw," thought the smith, as he took from his pocket a sixpence and held it out. The countryman quickly grabbed the coin, licked it, and walked away, whistling, "Did you ever catch a weasel A SAD ENDING.—The North British Agriculturist says :—" The career of the lady who shod her horse with gold in Edinburgh a few weeks ago has had a sad ending. Lately she attracted attention by reckless distribution of gold in Spain ; last week she was confined in the Gartnavel Lunatic Asylum, Glasgow. She is the daughter of the late George Thomson, surveyor of taxes, Dumfries. Her uncle acquired a considerable fortune in America, and at his death left a large sum to Miss Thompson, who is now about fortyyears of age. Her three brothers ara interesting themselves in the safety of the unfortunate lady. A man too busy to take care of hi» health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools. 