TO THE EÖ1TOH OP THU ItEnALD. Sm',-Adverting to my threo previous letters, I may stale, in briof, that my chief endeavour luis hitherto been to draw down tho strong light of public attention upon tho obviously improper attempt which is hoing mndo by a few interested brethionto induce their follows of thc Civil Service, un- awares, to part with n portion of their birthright for n prolcptio peouúiory consideration which, in all probability and in all certainty (according to tho reasonings ot Mr. A. C. "Fraser), would provo au ignii fatuui to a largo number of'them. Mr, Fraser's reference to Colonel Ward's " masterly " investigation of tho lato. Superannuation Fund, whorcin ho (colonel Ward) speaks ot mess forfeitures as oonstituiini one of the most important endowments uf tho fuhr}, U, i think it will bo admitted by nil justico-loving Australians, a most unhappy oho when used by tho cllan-.pion of tho provisional committeo to secure acceptance for tueir scheme. Colonel Word-who, by-the-way, I leam was in Puris soino two months since, in the enioyment of robust health and of two pensions, ono derived from tho Mint Fund and tho other from tho Indian Array Fund-fulfilled bis func- tions in the spheres of duty in which from timo to timo ho was engaged with credit to himself nnd with advantage t> his country. I havo yet to leam, howovet, that Colonel Ward's opinion ns to tho lest mode of building up n super- annuation fund for healthy mortals (like himself, for exam- ple) is to bo considered a proof of that gallant officer's svm pithy for tho individual well-being of the great body of tho Civil servants. The discussion in your paper hos, I believe, generated n healthy public Eonso ns to the naturo of tho proposed scheme, and has sufficiently indicated its probable louden-, cies and principal aims ia far as tu ensuro for this iii shaped monstrosity certain repudiation at tho hands of our Australian Government, should tho committeo persevere in their attempt to father it upon »he country against righteousness and the nrousing intelligeneo of tho com- munity, t . It may bo, perhaps, considered unnecessary ti .adduéo anything further in opposition to this proposal from a Civil servant's point of yiow ; but no the promoters, through Mr. Frasér¡ aro now laying increased stress upon tho supposed necessity which they hold warrants them in urging " tho acceptance bf their scheme on grounds of public policy,'' it will bo as well to examino their« proposal on these grounds also, and to offer such just opposition to it from a Civil servant's standpoint as shall, it is hoped, effectively atop its ' burgeoning out in that direction.. lt may bo fairly assumed that this mysteriously elected committee will admit that tho proposed supplementary and annual Parliamentary grant (backed up by au utdimited credit at the Treasury), which it is intended shall be asked for by tho deputation when it waits upon tho Premier (hypothetically ou behalf of tho whole of the Service), is to to bo requested in part rotttni for services to bo rendered. Then they must further admit that it is simply equivalent to our asking for additional salary ai matse. I demur to this modo of procodme. I object to the conrso proposed on other grounds insido as well ns outside the. palo of tho Sónico. I maintain that it would savor of im- propriety on tho part of tho Service, which should rathorset au example to all other spheres of labour. 1 think if tho Eorvico backs up the committee it will bo acting in a com- munistic style, and I submit further that tho epJesliou ns to tho necessity which may or may not exist for tho ostab ^ 'slimest of a Supcrauuuation Fund rightly belongii to «nd 8¿t wild bo respectfully loft entirely in tho hands of the Qov srnnicnt, by whoso spontaneous net, if deemed by thom to bo . necessity, tho fund should bo established, and who, ns our t tnployers, will no doubt deal justly and generously by us ¡ii uccordanco with tho general prosperity or vicissi- tudes 'ana/-'10 wama of tho country. Tho allus. '~9n °? t''° committeo to tho state of tho Civil Service of th.'*1 United States is, I think, .1 bugbear, and puts ono in mil *ji of t-10 perennial attempts niado by inter- ested Indian btik "fT *° *mro Jo,,n Bu« out of his hard earned cash by' vi vaos of a liiissian ghost upon the frontiers "Vam'credibly inf.'".-'"'od that tho report of tho proceedings of tho meeting of C VU servants held on tho 27th May last, wns supplied lo »ho daily Press of Sydnov, by »ho promoter or promoters , of the scheme, instead of by skilled newspaper reporters, son w of whom, although present, were, so 1 understand, roquostt "d not to tnku nutes, on tho ground that the meeting was private, whereupon they loft. Of course, it must not bv forgotten that tho meeting was gencmllv understood tobe n private one, but then, why should tho initiators canso W be published their own account of it iii tho newspapers, un aev-ount which, 1 submit, in tho interest of nil coucerned, ehollid havo boen taken down by impartial shorthand writriT 1 think tho com se abovci Mentioned will be deprecated by every lover of freedom and every right-thinking person in »hu community, for it must bi* borne in mind thnt this is no hole-and-rornor mercantile s¡.*ceulntion, but a most im- portant proposal* which is calcu'bited to alfect hot onlv tho liberty of tho subject.' but the Consolidated Revenue of the country; indeed, n scheme, consk'ired by this patriotic committee tobo so gravely required1,,, "bat, after weighty fiondorings thereon, iii mystic secl.tsion, und. after n igbtuing-like attempt to carry with thvm the whole Civil Sei-vico by coup th mnin '(adopting the statesmanlike langungo of Mr. A. C. Fraser), they have agreed to " urge the ucceplonco of it on grounds of piiblio policy." ? I have, Sc., FKANK B. TBEATT. j St Leonards, July. 4., ... t LOUD Henry Lennox writes (says the Tttrcforä M Journal) rêgàrding the Eurydice fund that, as far as is i ! at present known, there are between 40 and 50 widows, I 170 parents, and from 00 to 70 other relatives, who ! \ were partly, and iii many cases mainly, dependent ( upon those who have perished, and ha ve ' therefore j claims on the fund. It .is calculated that £20,000 will ; \ be.required in order to administer a minimum of .relief ; t to all the sufferers. , j j IT IS proposed, in .the report of the Oxford University ' t Commission, to make ronsiderable.re.-arrangements iii t the professoriate, with a view to the inclusion oï t several seiantiBc and other subjects of modern study. £ 