EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile the fallowing from, the various jour nals to hand :— A new vineyard marauder has been de tected at Gympie. The ' Times' says that during the present season many local owners of vineyards have lost large quan tities of grapes, chiefly of the Isabella variety, through the berries " bleeding" and falling off; and have been completely puzzled to account for the cause. Mr. R. S. Lord, who has lost between three and four hundredweight this year, has solved the puzzle by discovering that a large moth, armed with a formidable " borer," is the destroyer. A few evenings ago his attention was attracted by a noise among the vines, and on closer inspection he found that literally a " plague of moths" had fallen upon his vineyard, and were most industriously puncturing the berries. They only commit their attacks at night, it seems, and have a decided partiality for the Isabella variety of grape. Mr. Lord and Mr. Hickson think that a net is the only effective means of protection, but Mr. Durietz assures us that sulphur ing the vines is a preventive. A matter of much importance (the ' Queenslander* says) in connection with the grasses and grazing capabilities of Queensland has been brought before the Board of Enquiry into Diseases of Plants and Animals. Mr. Haly, following up what has long been a subject of special concern to him—the canses that lead to such serious diseases amongst sheep—gave notice that he would-move for a commit tee of investigation, with power to follow the routes taken by sheep that have been travelled from runs where they were badly diseased to country where all traces of disease had seemingly left them, and the sheep are now quite healthy. The object in view is to start with a person well acquainted with the details of squat ting and overlanding, the party to also include a botanist, and a third able to de scribe the characteristic features of the country through which they travel. As they proceed, the prevailing grasses and plants are to be collected and preserved, with the object of discovering such as are especially beneficial to sheep in the coun try where they are doing well. It is in contemplation to furnish such reports to the board as shall be descriptive of the inferior as well as the superior country, and be acceptable to the community ge nerally, and of peculiar value, as it is believed, to graziers. Such an expedi tion, it is calculated, would occupy about four months, and Mr. Haly has expressed his willingness to contribute the homes, in order to keep the expenses as low as possible. The Brisbane ' Courier' says :—The contemplated marriage of H.R.H. the Princess Beatrice of England and Wil liam, Prince of Orange, was the subject of a telegram appearing in our issue of Saturday last. It will be remembered that the Princess is the youngest daugh ter of her Majesty, and the only one of the princesses still unmarried. She was born April 14, 1857- William, Prince of Orange, is the heir apparent to the Crown of the Netherlands, and from the " States man's Year Book" we learn that he was born September 4, 1840, and is at present admiral-lieutenant in the navy of his na tive country. Hereceives 100,000 guilders, or £8333, per annum from the allowances made for the members of the royal family. The family of Orange are in possession of a very large private fortune, acquired in greater part by King William 1. in the prosecution of vast enterprises tending to amplify the commerce of the Netherlands. Of the character of the intended husband of the Princess Beatrice we have no infor mation that would warrant us in forming a decided opinion, but lately some Eng lish and some American papers have de scribed the King of Holland as a sot and a roud, and have asserted that the heir apparent is a combination of sot, roud, and simpleton. We hope it is not true, as Princess Beatrice is said to be one of the cleverest and most amiable members of the royal family, and much too good to be thrown away on a fellow of that sort, if he were heir-apparent to fifty Dutch Crowns. The ' Ipswich Observer' is responsible for the following :—At a Municipal Coun cil meeting recently, it was found that Aldermen Keogh and Chubb both wished to stand for the West Ward. After a lit tle discussion, these two city fathers ami cably agreed to decide the matter by the fortune of " tossing." The Mayor there fore spun a coin in the air. " Head," cried Alderman Keogh ; " it's a woman," said the Mayor, and thus was the Mayor appointed to stand for the West Ward, by a process which his admiring consti tuents would little reckon on. The * M. and D. Advertiser' says :— Scarlet fever is prevalent at Ballarat, and several children are suffering from its effects.—A serious accident happened to a man named John Loutitt, at Beauford, recently. He went to a house in Win field's Gully, occupied by a woman named Norman, and was refused admittance. He then attempted to get inside by climb ing np the chimney, which gave way, and he fell, with part of the chimney, a dis tance of 14 feet, striking his head during the fall against the lid of a camp oven. He was picked up by the police utterly insensible and conveyed to his residence, where he lies in a precarious condition.— A cow walked into a pawn-shop in Bal larat last Saturday morning, visited the broker in his office, where she had rather a tight fit, and complacently walked through a second doorway into the back, and so out of the premises.—A child, seven years of age, died at Adelaide through swallowing grape and other fruit stones.—Mr. John Rae, an old niining speculator of Ballarat, and latterly tyler of the three Masonic lodges of that town, died on Wednesday last.—A lad named Cnllen, 13 years of age, residing at Ke rang, was seriously injured about the face and eyes while playing with powder, which he ignited in a bottle.—A man named John Zimmer was found dead on Wednesday afternoon, between the Dor ham and Buninyong roads, supposed to have been killed by sunstroke.—The s.s. Somersetshire, which arrived in the bay recently, brings four Clydesdale horses of a very superior breed, imported by Mr. Trestrail. The animals are in splendid form.—The Ballarat juvenile industrial exhibition continues to maintain its popu larity. The number of visitors on Wed nesday, says the ' Courier,' amounted to 1232, and the gross receipts to £37 16s. 6d.—A snake six feet long, and nearly 12 inches in girth, was killed by a Mr. M'Gregor, on the banks of: the King* River. When opened, a bandicoot and tiger snake, 3 feet in length, were found inside of it.—A girl named Ellen Wilson, 12 years of age, went into Lake Elenga mite on a recent Thursday, with some other children, to bathe, and getting be yond her depth, was drowned. An old man, named J. M'Cabe, hearing the screams of the children, ran into' the water to try and save the girl, and was also drowned. The c Herald' says :—A cabman^ named J O'Keeffe, had a narrow escape from being drowned yesterday afternoon. He was, it appears, engaged in backing bis cab for a passenger near Milson's Point ferry, Circular Quay, when his horse became restive, and before he ceuld make it quiet it backed over a slight incline into the water, taking the cab and its driver with it. A number of people were on the quay at the time, but no one went to the man's assistance until George Tomlinson and Robert Caldwell, seamen of the ship Trafalgar, lying near, jumped a distance of thirty feet or so into the water, and went to his aid. Caldwell got hold of the horse and tried to save it, but finding his efforts in that respect unavailing, he turned his attention to Tomlinson, busily engaged in saving O'Keeffe. Between them they brought O'Keeffe to the sur face, and eventually got liim into an adja cent boat. At this time he was quite in sensible, but means were successfully applied for his restoration, and it was eventually found that he had received a 1 kick on the forehead, and that his arm was broken. The horse was drowned almost immediately, and the cab received con siderable damage. The ' Illawarra Mercury' contains obi tuary notices of three old and well- known residents of that district—the Rev. Ar thur Douglass, who had recently left for Mackay, Queensland; Mrs. J. M. Gray, mother of the representative of the dis trict ; and Mrs. J. Osborne, of Wollon gong. These ladies were 86 and 98 years -of age respectively. The ' Mur. Times' says :—A Boon for Public Schools.—From a circular, issued by Mr. F. L. Weiss, principal of the Sin gleton and Northern Districts Grammar School, we learn that that gentleman has liberally placed open for competition an exhibition of .£120 from Public Schools of the Northern District to the Grammar School at Singleton. This will enable a scholar in the Public schools of the North- j era districts, who shall successfully com- J pete in the examination for this honour, to enter the Singleton Grammar School, and obtain that high-class education not otherwise within his reach. The only, barrier in the way of a studious youth now is that of limited circumstances, to remove which is the object of these ex hibitions. As Mr. Weiss hopes, the ex ample may be followed by our leading high schools and by wealthy patrons of education, until, in the absence of greater advantages from the State, the higher education of the most promising children in the public schools will be freed from farther anxiety. The Tumut cor. of the ' Herald' writes: —On Saturday last Mr. George Forsyth, J.P., of Yarrangobilly, held a magisterial enquiry as to the circumstances which caused the death of a very old and infirm woman, named Mary Gilbert. The fol lowing facts were disclosed. On the Messrs. Gibbs's run of North Talbingo, in two small barb gunyahs, dwelt Wil liam and John Gilbert, Mary Gilbert, their mother (the deceased), and a little boy, about five years old, the son of Wm. Gilbert—the latter's wife had previously died there after giving birth to a still-born child ; there was no bedding in these wretched, abodes save some leaves in the one where the men slept, and a few pieces of dirty blanket in the other. The occu pants only possessed the clothes which they then wore. On Monday morning Wm. Gilbert went to his work of splitting timber in the bush, leaving the old wo man and "the little child at the camp. John, the other brother, was at the time working for Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gibb's over seer, some miles away. In the evening, when William Gilbert returned to the place he found his mother lying in a small' pool of water outside one of the gunyahs, with her garments burnt off to her waist. The unfortunate woman was alive but only muttered some unintelligible words. The little boy stated that his grand mother's clothes caught alight while she was leaning over a stool by the fire, she called him to help her, he got a pint pot and poured some water on her, she then crawled to the gunyah and laid herself down, while he worked away with the pint bringing water. and pouring it over her burning clothes as fast as he could. (By the quantity of water around the de ceased the child must have pursued his task for a long time.) Gilbert covered his mother with a few rags and went off for a messenger to send to the station. Find ing a lad, he sent him to Mr. Shelley for some oil. The boy told the overseer that the woman was burnt a little, but would soon be all right. The oil was of no use when brought, as the unfortunate suf ferer had died in the mean time. John Gilbert was sent for, but was very tardy in coming. Neither of the men could read nor write, nor tell his age ; they thought their mother was about 63, bnt she might be 80. The deceased was fear fully burnt about the extremities, and the exposed portions of the body were in a filthy state, evidencing sad misery and neglect. That able-bodied men should be content to live and keep their families under such circumstances in a country like this is almost past belief. Nutcracker, of the ' G. I. Examiner,' writes:—The Macleay ' Herald' recently gave, as an excuse for the non-appear ance of its leader, the irregularity of the mails. There is nothing like candour after all, and I have no doubt other news papers have to depend upon Sydney talent for their leading articles, if the truth was known. It does not speak much for local brain industry, however. The ' Echo' says:—On the 27th Feb ruary a gold watch, with chain and locket attached, was stolen from the bedroom of the Rev. P. Slattery, then residing at Fahy's Hotel, Regent-street, and in the evening of that day Constable Young ap prehended a man named Scott on suspi cion of being the tbief. He was this morning brought before Mr. Thompson, when a watch, a chain, and a locket were produced, which had been pawned by prisoner, and which Father Slatteiy iden tified as his property, and valued at £55. The prisoner was committed for trial.—William Lilly, a seaman belonging to the A.S.N. Co.'s steamship City of Brisbane, was brought up at the Water Police Court this morning, charged with having embezzled a pair of boots, part of that vessel's cargo. The evidence showed that a trunk of boots which Mr. Charles A. Hunter, of this city, had shipped by the City of Brisbane, had been opened and part of the contents stolen. On Mr. Hunter making a complaint to the com pany's office, the steamer was searched, and a pair of boots, proved to be a part of the consignment which had been tampered with, was found under the prisoner's bunk. The prisoner, on being accused of stealing the boots, stated that he had bought them at the shop of Mr. Smith,. bootseller, of Lower George-street. This statement was proved to be untrue by Mr. Smith., who was called as a witness. The prisoner was ordered te forfeit 6s., the value of the boots, and, in addition, he was sentenced to three months' impri sonment, with hard labour. The ' Si M. Herald' says :—The recent I heavy arrivals of breadstuffis, combined with a lower tendency in Adelaide, have given this market a weaker tone. The balk of the ships loading in South Aus tralian ports are nearly ready for sea, and up to the 23rd ultimo, out of 36,500 tons cleared at the CustomB, 677,037 bushels wheat, 180 tons flour, were for England; 109,682 bushels wheat, 2756 tons flour, for Sydney. - The ' Grafton Argus' says At the Police Court, recently, immediately after the committal of Larrigo and Mickey (aboriginals), on a charge of murder, Mr.. H. Dean (the Mayor) asked permission from the Bench, in the interest of science, to make a phrenological examination of the prisoners' heads. The request was granted, and Mr. Dean retired with the prisoners (who were in custody) to a side room, and proceeded to, what is com monly called, "feel their bumps." The result of Mr. Dean's examination has been placed at our disposal, and is as follows :—Mickey : Self-esteem, small; murderous propensities, very small; ani mal passions, moderate ; amiability, mo derate. Larrigo: Murderous propensi ties, large ; animal passions, very large ; amiability, small ; self-esteem, very large. The ' Herald' says :—Two flagrant cases of wife-beating were heard at the Water Police Court recently. In one case, the unfortunate wife appeared with both her eyes blacked, and stated that her husband, in his sober senses, and without any provocation, beat her with his fist, jumped upon her, and blacked her eyes as they appeared. In the other case, the wife had been even more crnelly used. Her husband's violence had compelled her to take refuge in the house of a friend, and to this friend's house her husband and natural protector came on the following day with a whip, with which he beat her most unmercifully upon all parts of the body, the whip drawing blood in several places. He also took up a pair of scissors and threatened to gouge her eyes out. Both men were fined £5 each, with the alternative of two months' imprisonment. In the latter instance, the Bench thought they were almost justified in sending the prisoner direct to gaol. The Quirindi reporter of the (Mur. Times' writes :—A remarkable escape from fatal injury befel Mr. James Littlejohn, team-owner, of Quirindi. The accident occurred in what is known as Single's Lane, a few miles from Weriss Creek, to which place Mr. Littlejohn was con veying a loading of hay. Being fatigued by the heavy and slippery state of the wet ground, he took a seat upon the shaft, whence by some means he fell off, and, in endeavouring to throw himself clear, fell before the wheel, which passed com pletely over his body. The weight of the cart with its load was fully two tons, so that, had the ground been at all hard, death must have resulted. As it was, the wheels in passing over crushed him into the muddy soil, broke two ribs on the left side and one on the right, and actually pressed upon his waistcoat so heavily as to bend and twist the massive links of a gold watch chain which he was wearing. Notwithstanding, he arose and walked a short distance before being helped into his conveyance by Mr. Doug las, who was accompanying him. Mr. Littlejohn returned home on the follow ing Tuesday, and, as might be expected, has been an acute sufferer ever since.— George Boland, aged 13 years, son of Mr. Michael Boland, of Weriss Creek, was the unlucky one in the next case. On the morning of Tuesday last, whilst at tempting to drive a cart containing two heavy casks of beer up a rut or edge upon the railway line, he endeavoured to get it up sideways, one wheel at a time. In this position the casks slipped, and roll ing from their places the chine of one of them jammed the unfortunate boy's leg against the side of the cart on which he was sitting. When released, it was found that his left leg had sustained a com plete fracture, a few inches above the knee. Medical assistance was promptly sent for, and the patient's injuries were attended to by Mr. Allen first, and after wards by Dr. Kuowles,of Murrurundi, the same evening. The Parkes cor. of the ' Herald' writes : —Yesterday evening, as Mr. Coonan, M.L.A., and three other gentlemen, hav ing left Forbes a short time before, were driving into Parkes, when, about twenty yards from Main-street, one of the horses fell, and. shortly afterwards died. It is a singular circumstance that not far from the same spot a similar misfortune hap pened with the same gentleman not very long since. The ' Herald' says :—Our London cor. supplies the following regarding the wool market there:—The first series of London sales of colonial wool have been fixed to commence on the 19th of February. The total quantity held over from last year is 54,000 bales, 5200 being from Sydney, and the total ef arrivals up to the 16th of this month was 48,039 bales, Sydney contributing 5740 bales. The two totals, therefore, give 102,039 bales for the com ing sales. The committee of wool im porters having decided that the quantity of new arrivals shall be fixed at 200,000, the total available for the series will be 254,000 bales when the old stock of 54,000 is added. In the low wool sales held on the 8th instant, 5620 bales were offered land 2014 were sold. The 1 Capricornian' says :—A visitor to the Comet Railway station, who has just returned, informs us that on Wednesday and Thursday the heat on the line.was greater than in Rockhampton. The coolest place in any building was 109* in the shade, with very little fall in tempera ture at night. No fatal casualties are as yet reported, but it is said that at the Comet on Thursday morning there were seventy applicants to the line doctor for relief, and that numbers of the men were obliged to knock off work. The ' Herald' says His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Lady Robinson and suite, .paid. a ■ visit yes terday afternoon,- to the new Synagogue in Elisabeth-street. The party, was re ceived and conducted ever the budding by the architect, Mr. Thomas Rowe, and the treasurer, Mr. L. Phillips, and we un derstand that, after inspecting the sacred edifice, the Governor on leaving expressed himself highly gratified with the visit. With regard t© the opening of the new synagogue on Monday next, w* have been favoured by the Rev. Rabbi Davis with a pamphlet shortly descriptive of the pro ceedings to take place at the ceremony oh that occasion. It begins with a list of officers, and comprises the ritual for such occasions, in the Hebrew as well as the English language. Particulars areT also, given of chants, hymns, and psalms cho risters will sing during the .'proceedings, and prayers and portions of Scripture re spectively arranged and selected for the interesting event are'published at length. The publication of the work has been en trusted to Mr. Henry Solomon, printer, Pitt-Btreet. The 'Echo' Bays :—On Sunday night 1 the hoQse occupied byMr.Reating, at Balmain, was entered and a purse con taining six j£l-notes Bank New South Walesy-a half-sovereign, and some silver was abstracted from the pocket of a pair of trousers in a bedroom. Mr. Keating counted the money before going to bed, and it is thought some one was in the house at the time and saw where the trousers were left. Nothing else in the house appears to have beeu disturbed. The Albury cor. of the;' Herald'.writes -The last fortnight appears to have made a really marvellous improvement in the prospects of the vignerons. Two or three weeks since it was generally believed that the grape crop must inevitably prove a failure, and even when the change in the weather occurred it was feared that the rain came too late to be of any material service to the vines. Truly, there was abundant foundation for the fear' as the berries were miserably stunted and shri velled in appearance. Having paid a visit during the paBt few days to several of the vineyards, I am able to speak from personal observation of the wonderful change that has taken place. In most descriptions the crop now promises to be fully up to the -average, and if-one or two varieties are still scarcely up to the mark, others again promise even a better yield than usual. This is notably the case with the.riesling'in all the vine yards I have visited. All that is now re quired is another fortnight of fine dry weather to ripen off the crop, and we may then look for a very successful: result. Vintage operations will begin in the course of another fortnight, but will scarcely be general throughout the dis trict until the beginning of April. The larger vineyards will begin a little earlier. At the Murray Valley vineyard appear ances are most promising, and the yield here ought not to be much under 35,000 gallons.—The introduction of sheep from Victoria is proceeding at a particularly rapid rate, and had the proposed import tax of Is. per head been in force the revenue would have benefited on Sun day bust-to the tune of over j£500 at this port alone. On the day named a mob of 10,240 sheep crcssed the Union Bridge on their way to Messrs. M'Cartney and Co.'s station at Tooma, on the Upper Murray. They are from Stanhope, in the central district of Victoria.—Another remarkable case of a child being lost in the bush occurred on Argoon, in • the family of a selector named Schneider. It appears that the youngster—a little boy only 15 months old—whilst playing with some other childen strayed away into the densely-timbered country surrounding the homestead. When he was missed the father and two elder children commenced a search and continued it all night by the light of the moon, without any result. On the following day all the neighbours for many miles round joined in the search, and happily succeeded in recovering the little one, who was. literally stuck fast in a mud bank. The extraordinary part of the business is that this mere infant had actually wandered over three miles from home, and was found in a place to reach which it must have waded through a swamp where the water would be fully up to its waist.—A sudden death occurred at Howlong, a few days since, Mr. Wright the local customs officer, having been found dead in his bed. The deceased had been ailing for some time past, but no sudden termination to his illness had been anticipated: The Nundle cor. of the ' Tamworth News,' dating March 1, writes :—An in quest was held this day at Mr. W. Ste phens's Hotel, B. A. Point, as to the cause of death of Ernest Bogencamp, a youth of about 14 or 15 years of age. From the evidence it appears the father, Nicholas Bogencamp, accompanied by his son, the deceased, arid two other youths—Benja min Smith and Isaac Steel—went for a load of wood on the Company's side of the River. The deceased was holding the reins ; they were driving two horses; the father stopped the team to replace the bit in the shafter's mouth, and in doing so the winkers fell off ; the horse bucked and bolted ; two of the Beys, Steel and Smith, jumped out and escaped ; the boy Bogen camp held on to the reins ; the dray cap sized, the top rail falling on the poor boy's skull, staviug in the back of it, causing instant death. Verdict: Ac cidental death. The ' Central Australian' says :—We have been informed that about a fort night since, a labouring man named " Jack," who was working for Mrs. Ward, Toorale Hotel, was burned to death. The deceased had Bpoken with a gin just before going to bed in his tent, and asked her to have a drink, to which she consented, and went up to the hotel with him, when Jack had a drink and brought one out to the gin. Jack was then seen by the gin to go to his tent, get into bed, and to lie their reading a book. That night the gin says she saw a considerable flame, but had then no thought as to how it had arisen. The morning showed but too plainly that Jack's tent had been burned down and he lay there roasted. The poor fellow had been burned to death in his tent. Word was immediately sent to the police at Louth, distant some 25 miles, but no one came until the mounted mail boy arrived, who brought a message that the police could not possibly come, they had no horses that could carry them, and that the deceased was to be buried. He was buried, no magisterial {enquiry was .held, no policeman saw him. Telegram from Melbourne, in the ' Echo'Notice of motion was given in reference to lending money to. selectors from the public funds, and the establish ment of a National Bank of issue.—The Assembly met to-day. Mr. Lyell pre sented a petition from Mr. Frank Mad den, solicitor, and Mr. Sali Cleve, praying for the production of all documents in connection with the West Melbourne election, for the information of the Judge at the trial of Mr, Derbih Wiilder, at the Court of Quarter Sessions, for al leged malpractices as deputy returning officer. Mr. Berry opposed the motion, on the ground that B would be a breach of privilege, and the motion was subse quently withdrawn. Ditto from Adelaide:—Bain is general throughout the colony. Three and a half inches^ an unprecedented quantity, fell in Adelaide last night. \- The same issue says Festerday after noon, James Lyons, 6 yean of age, son of Mr. Lyons, grocer, of Darliog-Btreet, Bal main, while riding with his father in a cart in - Mullens-street, Balmain, was thrown out of it with great violence; he was immediately attended by Drs. Jones and Webster, but the lad shortly afterwards expired.—It was reported to the Water Police last night that a sailor, whose name is unknown, was, about 7 o'clock in the evening, in the act of Step ping from the wharf on to a stage lea&ing; to the steamer Waratah, in Darling Har bour, when he fell into the water and was drowned. The deceased, who is stated to have belonged to that vessel, ^ was at the time under the influence of drink. The water police have since discovered • the body.—We learn by telegram that the ' Singleton Argus.' changed hands yeBterday for £1200, John Willis ""pur chaser. :—A melancholy accident occurred yesterday morning to an old and well known gentleman of Sydney. It appears that about 10 o'clock, yesterday morning, Mr. Robert Anderson, of Oak Dale, Neu tral Bay, was walking down Erskine street, and when crossing Sussex-street, a four-wheel waggon, drawn by tvro horses, passed, and the near horse knocked him down and two wheels ran over'-him. He was immediately picked up and opnveyed to the Infirmary by Mr. Thomasltose, of ?' yiebe-street, Paddingtou, but the in juries were 80 severe that he died shortly after admission. The deceased gentleman was about €0 years of age. The driver of j the waggon, *^ames Kenny, is in custody | of the police pendingan enquiry. - The •' Braidwood Dispatch' says We j have been shown a splendid nugget of pure gold, weighing 9 ozs. 7 dwts., which was obtained last week at Little River by a party of Europeans, and by them sold to Mr. Prank Brice, storekeeper, of that place. It was triangular in shape, very weighty at the base, and was considerably waterworn. It was pot unlike a pedestal with a figure upon it. " Independent" of its intrinsic value as gold, it would* be worth keeping aB an ornament, if times would only allow the indulgence in such a piece of extravagance. A few days previously a smaller nugget, weighing ^ got in the same locality. The ' Newcastle Pilot' says One of the forged £1 notes that we heard a good deal about lately, formed the matter for a.. prosecution at the Newcastle Police Court yesterday. It appeared that the defendant was an itinerant dealer who disposed of goods by lottery and by sell ing prizes in sealed envelopes. The pro secutor, Elseley, deposed to having re ceived the note on the Saturday evening from defendant, who was pur suing his avocation in the Ducken field Hotel, He gave defendant a £5 note and received £4 and some silver in change. This he kept in his purse till Monday, and then sent a note, which had a torn appearance, for change. In about a fortnight it was returned to him. There could be little doubt about the story, but as. defendant might have innocently re ceived and passed the note the same night, and it was one fortnight before being returned to prosecutor, the evi dence was not held to establish a prima facie case. The note had been photo graphed on to thin paper and then gummed on to other paper. As it was crumpled the thin paper had a tendency to split, and at the edges the two pieces of paper easily divided. The 'Riverine Herald' states that a gentlemau named Mills was reported to have been drowned while bathing in the Murrumbidgee at Hay, the other night, it appears that Mr. Mills went down to the river about half-past 12 at night, and having undressed went in and had a swim. Mrs. Mills, from above, called out to him in the dark, and he replied that he was going to have another dive. Nothing more being heard of him Mrs. Mills gave .the alarm, and search was made all through the night, and during the following cMy, The next night, however, it transpired^ that the missing gentleman, iu taking his dive, had been carried away by the cur rent until he became insensible. When he recovered consciousness he found him self in daylight, on the river bank, minus his apparel. He was, therefore, com pelled to secrete himself all day, and re turned home under cover of the friendly night, greatly to the relief of his friends. The ' Echo' states that a monte player named Williams, who had been found exercising his unlawful vocation on Saturday last at the new cricket ground, Moore Park, was brought before the Water Police Court this morning by Senior Con stable Broderick. The only evidence given was that of the constable, who stated that he found the prisoner in a kneeling pos ture shuffling the three cards in the usual manner, and offering to lay £1 that no one could pick out the " little picture card.' The attorney, for the defence, Mr. Lore, contended that there had been no playing, but merely an invitation to play, which ho one accepted. The Bench, however, decided otherwise, and, finding the prisoner guilty, sentenced him to one month's imprisonment, with hard labour. The ' Newcastle Herald' says Mr. Smith, of the Castlemaine Hotel, Charl ton- street, had a narrow escape from being killed, on Saturday afternoon laBt. It appears that Mr. Alexander Goodsir, in company with another man whose have not learned, were driving in from Charlestown, and, when about half-way between that place and New castle heard groans proceeding from a man lying in the road in front of them. They immediately went to his assistance, and found him to be Mr. Smith, of the Castlemaine Hotel. He (Mr. Smith) was insensible, and, of course, could hot tell now the accident occurred—for an acci dent had evidently taken place—but as the van which he had been driving was found a few yards ahead, it was con jectured that he had been' thrown from thevehicle, in consequence of the wretched state of the road at this particular spot. Dr. Knaggs's assistance was at oncesought, and he attended and did all that was neces sary. We understand that Mr. Smith had a very narrow escape from breaking his neck, and though there is no immediate danger, he will probably be confined to his Bed for at least a month, as the in juries to his head areveiy severe.—One of the oldest residents of Lambton, named William Bell, expired very suddenly at his residence, in Devitre-Btreet, on Mon day evening. He had been ailing for a long time, hut was on his feet until the last. A Walgett cor. writes to the * Echo': —During a violent storm on Friday even ing, the 21st February, the lightning struck the kitchen of Mr. Wright's house, causing the death of William Bosh, cook in his employ. It appears the poor fel low was standing near the open door watching the storm, with a knife in his hand, when the electric fluid, attracted by the knife, passed into his body at the Aroi«: . ?e on hia face and died shortly after. Dr. Lamb waB on the spot instantly, and did his best to re suscitate him, but it was of no avail, as the man never spoke or Bhowed by any signs that he was conscious. The crash when -the place was sti uck was terrific, resembling the discharge of a heavy gun. Dr. Lamb, who waB close by, saw what appeared to him to be a ball of fire, and Mrs. Wright and another lady that were in one of the front rooms say the house appeared to be full of fire. The fluid passed through the kitchen floor, tearing away two pieces of wood about 6x2 inches, and some of the wood work at the top of the door was splintered.Deceased was a sober, faithful servant, and leaveB a wife at home in some part of Scotland to mourn her loss. At the Bathurst Quarter Sessions, T. olattery was sentenced to two years' im prisonment, with hard labour, for per The ' Tamworth News' says :~We have received the following curt tele graphic message " To editor « Tam worth hiews. Tell your readers I will shortto show them that the remarks of . r^7rI51i> a' Church meeting are un justifiable and untrue, arising from dis tinctly disagreeing with liim in many lone discussions. J. Horbury Hunt, Archi tect, Sydney. March 6, 1878." The Deniliquin cor. of the ' Herald' writes Mr. Mackintosh, the owner of considerable property at Moama, Ma tnoura, Denihqmn, and Hay, intends to dispose of the same on the " Art Union" principle. ^ He has already publicly an nounced his intention of so doing, and ar rangements are proceeding for carrying out the project. There will be 12,000 tickets issued of £1 each, and about 150 prizes, consisting of household and landed property, ranging in value from £3000 to x«5« The Brisbane * Courier' says The Queensland Executive have at length de termined to liberate the prisoner Bower man, who, nine years since, was sentenced to life imprisonment for an attack made "Pon,'h0 then Under Colonial Secretary, Mr. Manning. Bowerman has, since that time, been an inmate of St. Helena Penal Establishment. He fretted much during the first few years of his imprisonment, and his health gave way, but he has been all along a particularly well-conducted prisoner. Telegram from Grafton, in the * Herald' of 7th xnst. The Clarence Hirer Agri cultural Exhibition, which opened to-day is a great success. The weather was fine' and about 1000 spectators were present! The horse exhibits are good, especially in the draught section. Hawthorn's im ported blood stallion Warlike took first prize. The following are the other prize takers Colenial stallion, Small's Prince Kupert; stallion, 3 years, Small's North htar, by Kelpie ; staUion, 1 year, Small's Warfare, by Warlike; stallion foal, Small's North Pole, by Warlike; blood mare, 4 years, Small's Lady Florence, by Oak over; filly, 1 year, Barnes and Smith's Prairie, bred by Rattendod; filly foal, Hmdmarsh's Opal, by Warlike. Colonial draught stallion, 4 years, Shannon's Gun tawang Lad, by Defiance; stallion, 3 years, Stavin's Eclipse; stallion, 2 years, Powell's Royal Prince; stallion, 1 year, Morehead's King Billy ; colt foal, UugheBs Young Oakland; mares, 4 years, Small's Queen; mares, 3 years; Ford s Lady Lincoln ; mares, • 2 years. Asborry s Empress^ filly, l year, M'Ma hons violet; foal, Johnson's Blossom. The show of agricultural produce is ex ceptionally good. The cattle will be judged to-morrow. Ditto, in Friday's * Herald'Grafton, Thursday. For the second day's show the weather was fine, and the attendance numbered 2000. The arrangements were excellent. The cattle were judged early in the morning, and the parade of horses and stock during the afternoon proved in teresting. The show of cattle was very good. Messrs. Barnes and Smith and Fanning and Griffiths and Chauvel placed some first quality Durhams and Here fords, and the classes for farmers' cattle , were well filled. The fat stock pens dis played numerous exhibits of good quality. The poultry show is good and diversified : the exhibits of dogs is fair, and farm pro duce is a strong feature. The show of sugar and maize is remarkably strong, and the potatoes are the best seen for years. The horticultural and dairy sec tions are weak. The general exhibits are middling. The principal prizes in the cattle sections are as follows :—-Durhams : Bull, three years old—Barnes and Smith's Duke of Coral, which also took the cham pion prize as the best. Durham ball, two years—Fanning and Griffiths's 1st Cherry Duke took the prize; and C. Chauvel's Prince second prize. Yearling bull Barnes and Smith's Coriander's Thorn dale, first prize; C. Chauvel's Lord Kil donay, second prize. Cow, three years Fanning and Griffiths, first prize ; cow, one year—Barnes and Smith's Wave Sprite, first prize and the champion prize; Chauvel's Betsy the 4th, second I pnze. Herefords: Bull, one year—I Barnes and Smith's Jerome, first prii and champion prize ; C. Chauvel's Dnl Tabulam, second. Cow, three years Fanning and Griffiths's Magnet, first prizi o jlfD' two ye"?—Barnes and Smith 2nd Bella, first prize ; heifer, one year Barnes and Smith's two calves, by Lor Brandon, took first and second prizei Champion fat ox : Thomas Small's Dui ham took the champion prize. Her< ford fat ox : Fanning and Griffiths. I the farmers' prizes, Angus Cameron, W Charting, Samuel Battie, Thomas Wilcoi U. Hewitt, and James Wall were th ?"f*Lpalt.P^Ze ,^ke.rs- George Crispi had the best collection of farm product mL dinner was held this evening The « Australasian' says A seriou loss has been sustained by Mr. Jo« Horwood, of Bridgewater-park, on th Loddon, through the death, on the20t' ult., of his famous Clydesdale mar Mountain Maid. The mare, which al ways maintained high condition, caugh a cold about eight days previously, result ing in acute inflammation of the lungs The only increase she has left is a col 18 months old by Vanquisher. At th period of her death she was in foal t Mr. J. Gibb's King of the Valley, am never looked more healthy and more ma tronly. Mountain Maid had taken cbam pion prizes in several of the principa showyards of Victoria; indeed, she hat never been beaten in this colony. The 'Herald' says Herr Kretsch ra®nD) to whom the Sydney musica public are much indebted for the dis interested efforts he has put forth t< raise the standard of mnsic at our con certs, was the recipient of a veiy hand some testimonial, subscribed for by hii friends and admirers, on Monday evenini last. It took tbe form of the valuablt violin originally the property of Hen JJoehler, and said to be the finest instru ment of its kind in Sydney. Mr. Boesen, in a few pointed remarks, made the pre sentation, in the course of which he al luded to the magnanimous refusal of Hert Kretschmann to receive any pecuniary recompense for his valuable and volun tary services, and trusted that this form * u* ' iDg sincere appreciation of his kmdness would be accepted in the same spirit in which it was offered. Herr Kretachmann, who replied in German, thanked Mr. BoeBen, as representing the subscribers, in a very feeling speech in which he stated that he was actuated' by a sheer love of musical art in taking the position he had, and that his services in future would be as cheerfully given in its cause as they had been in the past. An engrossed address accompanied the presentation. New Insolvent r—Agnes Henry, of Willow Tree (lately Warrah), boarding house keeper. Liabilities, £6317s. As aets, £7. Telegram from Melbourne, in ' Echo' of 7th inst.:—At the inquest in the case of Miss Dogherty, of the Beehive Hotel, the Jury found a verdict of death from suffocation.—Sir John Coode, * with a a party of about sixty, proceeded on a trip to the heads to-day, at the invitation of the Harbour Trust. Sir John leaves for Sydney next week, proceeding over land.—The Government intend to divide the colony into five large survey districts, with head quarters for each.—A verdict of £500 has been given against Mr. How- ; ard Smith for the collision case in the ; Yarra between the You Yangs and the 1 brig Promare. A W. paper says :—On Thursday even- ! ing last, a young lady, believed to be in very delicate health, a Miss Frances Ken- I nedy, who had been employed as a gover ness at the Darling River, arrived in ; Orange per Cobb and Co.'s coach from Bourke, en route for Grafton, where her relatives reside. She stopped at Torpy's Royal Hotel, intending to take the train I for Sydney, but felt too unwell. She did ! not herself feel seriously alarmed at her weak state, but Mr. Smith saw that me- j dical aid should be procured, and he at once called in Dr. Gillman, who pro- ^ nounced her to be in a dying state. Every ; attention was paid to her, and two females ■ were got to sit up with her. Their kind attentions, however, were not required i long, as she died on Friday evening, of consumption, within twenty-four hours of j the time of her arrival. The ' Western Examiner' states that, in anticipation of the wishes of her friends, a decent burial j was given to the poor girl by Mr. Smith, j The Melbourne * Argus' of 4th inst. sajs : — The well-known thoroughbred Fireworks died somewhat unexpectedly yesterday morning. Fireworks was sold at the Maribyrnong auction on the last day of the old year, and was purchased at £1700 by Mr. T. F. Gumming, of Stony Point, Darlington, and the price was con sidered moderate for so popular and suc cessful a sire. Fireworks was by Kelpie, out of Gaslight, and was a first- class per former. He was the winner of the Launceston Champion Race,. 1868, the Derby of 1867 and of 1868 (the latter be ing a second race, run on New Year's Day), and the Leger of 1868. At Sydney he was equally successful, and won the A. J. C. Derby and the A. J. C. Cham pion Race of 1867. At the stud he was the sire of such horses as Goldsbo rough, Robin Hood, Rose d'Amour, and Lapidist. His death is therefore a heavy loss to the Victorian turf. He died at Flemingtou early this morning, from in flammation of the bowels. Mr. Vincent, veterinary surgeon, was called in two days ago, and used every exertion to save the horse ; but the case was hopeless from the first. Telegram from London, in Friday's Echo':—March 5. The Czar of Russia and the Sultan of Turkey have exchanged compliments on the conclusion of peace. The Russians are removing obstructions to the navigation of the Danube. The Arabs at Aleppo have revolted. Another fearful accident has occurred at the Blan tyre Colliery. The House of Lords has passed the second reading of the Animals' Diseases Act. Sir Thomas Chambers, Q.C., has been appointed Recorder of London.—-March 6. It has now trans pired that only the preliminaries of a treaty of peace between Turkey and Rus sia have been signed. A definite treaty is to be eventually drafted at St. Peters burg. According to the preliminary terms, Erzeroum is to be restored to Turkey, but the question of the passage of the Dardanelles is reserved. Ditto from Albury Mr. Rowan Lock head, commission agent and late Bhire secretary at Wodonga, attempted, last night, to commit suicide. He purchased a quantity of strychnine, saying it was to kill mice with, and then went into a pub lic house in Albury and called for a glass of ale, poured in the poison, and drank it. Medical assistance was procured, the stomach-pump applied, and he is now out of danger. We notice that the postmaster at Muscle Brook, Mr. Denshire, has been promoted, and goes to Sydney. Mr. Den shire has been postmaster at Muscle Brook for twenty-five years. The following telegraphic account of the running for the Australian Cup, at Melbourne, is from the ' S. M. Herald' Mr. J. Wilson's b.c. First King, 8st. 51bs., 1 ; Mr. G. M. Lloyd's b.c. Swiveller, 6st. 31bs., 2; Mr. J. Wilson's b.f. Pardon, 6s_t. 91ba., 3. The starters were New miuster, First King, Spark, Timothy, Im perial, Adelaide, Laertes, Pardon, Gas, Swiveller, Columbus, Waxy, and Ouida. There was some difficulty in getting the horses away owing to the fractiousness of Pardon. When a start was effected, Ouida was the first to show in front, with Adelaide, Timothy, and Pardon follow ing, and Lloyd's pair bringing up the rear, Newminster and First King being in the middle. Before reaching the turn into the straight, Columbus ran to the front, and kept the lead all along the river turn, with Pardon, Adelaide, Imperial, and Gas all well up. At the back of the course First King began to go up, Par don and Gas then being in front. The lot continued to run on good terms until rounding the home turn, when First King drew to the front, and Swiveller, who had been running well forward, ! came up on the outside. A fine race en sued, which resulted in First King win ning by a length in front of Swiveller, with Pardon third; then came Waxy, Gas, Laertes, and Newminster in the order named. Time, 4 minutes 2\ se conds. The winner was greatly cheered on returning to the saddling paddock. The following Sydney telegram ap peared in the Brisbane ' Telegraph' of 2nd inst. :—It is universally acknow ledged that the fielding of the Eleven yesterday had never been equalled in Australia. Hardly one ball was missed. The Eleven were pronounced the most active set of men ever seen in the field, and the defeat of the Fifteen is considered certain. The Brisbane ' Telegraph' says An accident occurred at the One-Mile Swamp, South Brisbane, yesterday morning, which resulted in the death of a child sixteen months old, the son of Mr. Carl Krause, living in Crown-street. At abont 7 o'clock Mrs. Krause had occasion to go to the well, which is about fourteen feet deep. After drawing some water she went away, leaving the cover partially off. Soon afterwatfds she missed the. child, who had been running abont the place just before. A search was at once made, and after a short time the body was found in the well. Hie 'Newcastle Herald' says that on Friday night last another shark was hooked by Mr. W. Rinker, of Stockton, and, after no little trouble, landed on the each at Stockton. On being measured. t0 nine feet length; its girth was much larger in proportion than LL ^lfeet,one Mr- linker caught y* Three heads of schnapper were the only articles found in the stomach. The ' Hay Standard' says :—Mr. Robt. | Barbour, M.L.A., is again making him self famouB. A few weeks back 129 head of cattle, the property of Mr. H. Rieket son, Baratta, were taken to Moama and impounded, and on Tuesday, the 19 th instant, another detachment of 168 head of Mr. XticketBon's cattle were impounded. We understand that the matter will come before the law courts.—The Chinese Den and Pie Shop. Our attention has again been directed to this place of infamy and debauchery. The yells and hoot ing carried on make night hideous in ; the extreme, in the neighbourhood; and | what makes it appear strange in con- ! nection with this establishment is that ' we have been made cognisant of the ' fact that several persons denominated ■ "gentlemen of high standing" are in the habit of making the den a place of call. —J. H. Davidson, Esq., J.P., Warbrec can, has been re-elected Mayor of the town of Deniliqnin for the second time. A cor. writing from East Toorale to the j ' Wilcannia Times' furnishes the particu lars of a fatal accident, which occurred at the Gal way Hotel. An elderly man named John Giilis, late in the employ of Mr. Ward, who was accustomed to sleep in a tent about thirty yards from the Galway Hotel, went to bed as usual on Monday night. At about two o'clock the tent was found to be on fire. Although it is not known how the fire originated, it is supposed that the unfortunate man, in lighting his pipe, omitted to thoroughly extinguish the match before falling to sleep, and on waking, instead of escaping by the door,- he tried to get out by the back, where he became entangled between the post of the tent and the garden fence, which was close by, and before he could be extricated from tbe fearful situation he was so severely burned that he expired a few hours afterwards. The Upper Murray cor. of the * Pas toral Times' writes :—One of the oldest inhabitants upon the Murray river, and in the locality of Mulwala in particular, Mr. Wm. O'Biyan, Sen., has been com mitted for trial at the Circuit Court to be held at Albuiy on the 8th of April, charged with sheep stealing. The sitting magistrate, Mr. Townsend, J.P., allowed O'Bryan bail, himself in ,£100, and two sureties of £50 each. I think I shall not be accused of prejudicing justice if I re mark that I think there has been some mistake. Mr. O'Bryan is now an old man, and has resided in that neighbour hood for many years—upwards of thirty years. When the land was measured in town and countiy allotments he was one of the first purchasers of suburban land. He was well known to all the inhabitants upon both sides of the river, and I believe that they will think with me that he would not be so foolish as to disgrace liis old age by such an act. I trust that be will have good advice, and that his in nocence will be made clear.—The friends of the late Mr. J. P. Russell may congra tulate themselves that the body was so early found, and that the parties that found him took every means to protect the corpse from mutilation by wild pigs, which are numerous in that locality. He was found early in the morning, and it was late in the day when the police and the magistrate arrived to give instructions for the removal. The means taken were perfectly successful, and the body was unmntilated and perfectly recognisable. The same journal says :—On Thursday afternoon Mr. Nesbitt, a selector at Tho lobin, about twelve miles from Deniliqnin, found tbe body of a man .floating in a tank on his selection, and immediately reported the matter to the police. The body was that of a man apparently fifty I years of age, tall and thin, clean shaved, I and hair tiirmncr owr TTin noma i> nn. and hair turning, grey. His name is un known, but from the fact that a billy-can was found with his swag, with " James Cahill" scratched on the lid, it is probable |*that this was the name of deceased. An inquest was held at Tolmie's Royal Mail Hotel, on the Conargo road, by Dr. Noyes and a Jury of five, on Friday. Constable Norris deposed that from information re ceived he found the body of deceased lying on its back in the tank. He found a swag, which among other things contained a pouch in which he found a bank draft for £25, signed by Mr. Forrester, the Man ager of the Bank of New South Wales at Deniliquin; also a billy-can, on the lid of which was the name "James Cahill," and underneath, " I could have told a different tale if the case had been reversed also other writing -which wit ness could not make out. Robert Nesbitt stated that about Wednesday, 28th ult., be saw a man lying in a hut on his father's selection ; the man said he was not well, and witness did not interfere with him. He was lying on the swag produced by Constable Norris. William Nesbitt, the father of the last witness, deposed to find ing the body, and sending a report of the circumstance to the police ; the tank was seven feet deep, and situated about half a-mile off the road. Dr. Casey stated that he held a post-mortem examination, and was satisfied that the cause of death was drowning. He could not discover any marks of violence. The Juiy re turned an open verdict of fonnd drowned. The ' M. R. Times' says :—We under stand the Attorney General declined to file a bill against Sullivan and Chapman, and that they returned to their homes a few days ago. Neville is still iu custody. Its Stroud cor. writes :—I have to re port the death of John M'Innes, son of the mail-contractor between Stroud, Glouces ter, and Barrington. It appears from evidence taken at the magisterial enquiry on Friday evening that deceased along with his father and brother, left Glouces ter about dusk for their home on the Barrington. On coming to the Glouces ter River, which was much swollen by the recent rains, the father crossed over safely first, then the deceased followed, but, on getting into deep water, be lifted his feet back on tbe horse's rump to keep them dry. Alas! that simple act cost him his precious life, for the horse, a strange brute, feeling the touch, gave a forward plunge, and threw M'Innes into the river. He was an excellent swimmer, bnt being heavily encnmbered with clothes he sank, like a stone. The brother, Fin lay, who was standing yet on the bank, hearing the splash, called across to his father if Johnny had got over. On the father replying in the negative, Finlay exclaimed, "Then he is drowned." Frantic with his loss, and regardless of his own safety in the promptings of paternal love, the father was casting off a few heavy gar ments preparatory to jumping into the river, when his son, who had by this reached his side, restrained him by force and entreaty from risking his own life. They searched the banks as carefully as the dim light would permit, and finding no trace of the body, assistance was pro cnred from Gloucester, bnt, although the party had lamps, the body was not reco vered till the next morning, when it was found caught in a log. Its Cundletown cor. writes :—For seve ral weeks past there is nothing but rain. Scarcely aday passes without heavy showers falling. You cannot stir without going through mud and water ; even where the land is high, the water lies about in every little hole; nearly all the low lands are submerged ; Cundle Plains are all more or less under water, and a great deal of grass destroyed, and in many places the maize crops are seriously injured, as maize growers will find when they come to pull their crops. Some of the late maize on the different islands is killed in patches, and, if the rain continues, much of the early maize will be injured on the stalk by the cobs rotting, but we have been mercifully spared from the calamity of a flood, no doubt greatly owing to the two outlets into the sea. Had it not been for that, humanly speaking, nothing could have saved us from a flood. The river con tinues from day to day quite muddy, and of course all out door work is nearly sus pended for the present. All the winter crops of potatoes which have been planted are destroyed with surface water, and, if the weather continues wet, it will soon be too late to plant any more ; already the season is far advanced for planting again even if it was fine. Its Port Macquarie cor. writes on Feb. 20 :—It never rains but it pours—such has been our experience lately, and now we want a bit of a spell of fine day wea ther. We have had nearly seventeen inches of rain already this month, and that surely ought to satisfy the most exacting of mortals. We have just es caped a flood, especially on the Wilson River, where the water rose a great deal higher than on the Hastings. The con tinued wet weather has caused consider able loss to the vignerons, as the grapes in most situations are fit for picking, and now they lie in heaps under the vines. Another cor. writes :—Port Macquarie Car is the best on the coast from Sydney up to the Queensland boundary. The ' Herald's' Gulgong cor. writes :— A few days since, a lad named William Devlin, while climbing a tree, fell and broke his arm. Another youth named Bernard Carr was drowned in Slapdash Creek. The lad, with his brother, had gone to bathe in their accustomed place, but the heavy floods having washed a large hole in the sand he went beyond his depth and was drowned. Its Wagga cor. writes : —This season is remarkable in the extraordinary number of persons afflicted with what is vulgarly called bunged up eyes. Fly-blight is the popular name for most of those affected, but the Public school master reports that ophthalmia among the children exists to such an extent that more than forty of his pupils are absent from this cause.— The publication of the Electoral Bill tabled by the Government has roused the town to a strong feeling of discontent, I might almost say indignation.—The Wes leyan body here have a very fine reserve, in the best business position in the town without exception, adjoining as it does the Post-office, Telegraph-office, and the Court House. The business men in town have long had their eyes on this land, and have urged its sale. The Church Com mittee have been for years trying to get the consent of the -Conference to their parting with it, and only succeeded last week in obtaining it, with that of the Executive. Meanwhile the value has in creased so that the reserve price will pro bably be about £40 a foot. As it is pro posed to sell about eighty feet of the frontage to Fitzmaurice-street, the sale at this rate will bring £3200, a sum that will pay all the debt due on the pretty church this body have erected within the last two years on a portion of the re serve, and leave a large margin for other church purposes. Its Wellington cor. writes :—A fatal accident occurred last week by which a blind man, named William Bolton, aged thirty years, lost his life by drowning. From the evidence at the inquest, it ap peared that the deceased was assisting his father (an aged man) to cot some wood on the banks of the Bell River, close to the town. The father gave him a piece of the wood to carry towards the camp, when, from some cause unexplained, the poor fellow stumbled and fell into the river. The old man, from fright, was un able to assist him, and when his cries at tracted assistance it was too late ; the un fortunate man had sunk in the deep water, and the body was not recovered for a con siderable time afterwards, the police being actively engaged in dragging the river. A verdict of accidentally drowned was re corded. The man was well known about the town as a seller of matches at the dif ferent public-houses, generally being led by a sister. The whole family, consisting of man and wife, two or three well-grown young women, and some young men, are nomadic in their habits; they camp in the bush like blacks, their roof a sheet of bark, their furniture a blanket or two. This, in a district where female domestics are in such request, is a slur on our civilisa tion. The Miss Kate Johnson, ofToorak-house, near Melbourne, whose death was noticed in our issue of Friday (says the ' Laun ceston Examiner'), was the young lady who for some time in Melbourne was known as the " boy-girl," from the fact that she paraded Collins-street in a cos tume more nearly approaching male than female attire. This eccentric conduct was said to have been the result of a wager of £1000 with a wealthy squatter that she would not appear daily in this dress " on the block" for a certain period, and, judg ing by the time that she was seen there attired as a boy, she bad nerve enough to dare public opinion and win her wager. Her parents, who purchased the vice regal residence at Toorak, are veiy wealthy, and her sister is married to a Melbourne muBical celebrity. The death of this clever though eccentric young per son will occasion regret amongst a large circle of fashionables in the Victorian me tropolis, to whom her virtues as well as her singularities were well known. JEgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes :— A clergyman, with his wife, strangers in a district where the gold and silver mines have not been too successful, arrived late in the eventide at a coaching hostelry, unclean, and not of palatial proportions. The reverend gentleman thns interviewed the proprietor :—" I shall be obliged if you could accommodate us for the night. I require a sitting room, a sleeping apart ment for self and wife, and stabling for the horses." Boniface (who is also a free selector) pauses for a moment, and replies, " Yes we can manage. Your missus can turn in with my missus, we can turn in together on the stretcher, and the horses we can turn into the paddock." Though the night was wet and cheerless, the parson continued his journey. We learn from the ' Ulladalla Times" that on Friday, the Thanksgiving Day, a pigeon match was held at Milton, be tween a man named William Edward Harte and another person. The gun used by Harte hung fire, and at his sixth shot he dropped the gun after hav ing pulled the trigger. The charge went full in the face of a man named Peter Casey, causing instant death. An in quest was held, at which a verdict of excusable homicide was returned. -diJgles, of the 'Australasian,' writes And then again, " What a fine thing to frighten people is a word they don't un derstand. (I'm frightened of ghosts my self.) Beautifnl word that oligarchy. Enough to terrify anybody. Minds me of Lord Blackcock's preserves in the old country. He put up notices warning off poachers and trespassers—said there were traps and spring guns everywhere. Lor' bless you, nobody believed that there was anything of the kind there. They said he was far too good natured. So his lordship had boards painted with some long words on 'em in Greek letters—some thing like 'polyphosboio tha lasses' those who knew said it was. And when the poachers saw, and couldn't read it or un derstand it, they said * We must drop our little game. Just look at the boards— he s m earnest now—the old man means it this time.' Hothing, I assure you, like a good hard name that no one understands to frighten a fellow. Who wouldn't be frightened of an oligarchy, which about one m ten could spell, if the placard was torn down?" The Orange 'Examiner' says:—Well we have now Electoral Bill No. 6, intro duced on Wednesday evening by Mr. ritzpatnck, and we have no hesitation in saying it is an insult to the intelligence of the country, and a shameless attempt to perpetuate the existence of the " rot ten boroughs" that have obtained a place in our electoral Bystem. Also The Memba&for; Orange. Mr. Combes came on Thursday for the purpose of consulting his principal supporters as to whether he should resign his seat in Par liament m consequence of the acceptance °: ™ Executive Commissioner at the Pans Exhibition. We understand that all those whom he saw expressed their willingness that he should retain his seat, as he intends to be back again in the colony at the end of the year. His stay m Orange was much shorter than he intended, owing to his having received the sad intelligence that Mr. Beattv, his brewer, was killed at Macquarie Plains. We do not know whether any means will be adopted to ascertain the views of his constituents generally. It must be ad mitted that it is an unfortunate time to be left without a representative in Parlia ment, seeing it is not proposed in the new Electoral Bill to give Orange a se cond member. A new Land Bill, which may contain very important principles, is about to be introduced, as well as various 1 other measures affecting the interests of the people.—Death of Mr. P. Mullhol land, J.P We regret to announce the death of Mr. P. Mulhollaud, an old and much-respected resident of this town aged 50, which took place on Thursday morning at his residence in March-street. The deceased gentleman had been ailing for some time past, but it was not until within the last fortnight that he became S?i^US *eaves a widow and four children, who are grown up, and many friends, who always held him in hfoh es teem. ° (7°n^®mP- _ says :—The daughters of the late Mr. Richard Cobden are now col lecting and arranging liis correspondence, with a view to its early publication. Anyone possessing letters from him which could be included in the work would con fer a favour by forwarding them to T. B. Potter, Esq., M.P., Reform Club Cham bers, 105, Pall Mall, London, S.W. The Hay Standard' says :—During the heavy floods which prevailed in this district in March, 1870, a man named Owen Cunningham was drowned whilst swimming his horse over the creek at Canoon, He was in company with Mr Francis Newcombe, Who reported the matter to the police At Hay: The de ceased was a labourer, about 35 years of age. No tidings of his remains bavins been found were ever reported until the 19tn of the present month, when a man named William Wright informed the police at Maude that he had discovered the skeleton of some one. Constable Brown immediately went to the spot, and he reports that from the surrounding circumstances he believes the skeleton to be the remains of Cunningham. The skeleton is complete—though very much decayed—with the exception of four of the front teeth, which have fallen out beside the remains. Alongside the bones were an old pair of blucher boots and a coat strap, both rotten. ■ The onlv other property found near is' a pocketknife and a pipe. ^ The skeletoit has "the appearance of having lain where it> ia a very long time, as it is very much decayed from ex posure. . ' ' The ' Times' says t—A short time since we witnessed a truly ludicrous picture at Ulladulla, reminding one of the palmy golden days. A disciple of Bacchus found his way into Mr. Stpfrock's back yard took a roll of £\ notes from his pocket' and carefully placed them under his head for a pillow, and there peacefully reclined Fortunately for the man, Mr. Sturrock's attention was drawn to the circumstance who immediately took steps to have his money cared for, and himself put in safe keeping. A S. contemp. says .-—The tender of Messrs. Monie and Mattinson has been accepted for constructing the railway from to St. Arnand, thirty-three miles, no 0s; or on an average of £2182 per mile. The contract includes the erection of a line of telegraph along the railway.—Last week, Messrs. Ogilvie and Robinson, of Geelong, sold a four roomed brick cottage for 35s.! A few months ago, before the stoppage of build ing operations resulting from the unset tled state of the political atmosphere, the bricks alone would have fetched £20. W. A. items, in the ' S. M. Herald' Sanitary matters are exciting considerable attention in the metropolis. In addition to adopting the " dry-earth system" and Artesian wells, it is proposed to plant the blne-gnm tree in various parts of the city.—Miss Grace Vernon Bussell, the heroine of the Georgette disaster, has had her brave services connected therewith still further recognised, by the presenta tion from the Board of Trade of a gold watch and chain.—It is stated that the pearling trade this season is likely to give very satisfactory results. A new feature has sprung up in the pearl-shell export trade by making the ocean mail steamers available for transhipment at Albany. The following item, as to a case dis posed of at the Central Police Court, Sydney, we commend to the notice of coun try J.P. s before whom are brought fruit stealers The ' Herald' states that on the 8th inst. David Hutchison, charged with having, at the railway station, stolen some grapes, the property of the Railway Commissioner, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to be imprisoned seven days. i The following, from the same issue, { seems to ns to be rather a hard case, ' from the woman's age, and the hard la bour clause At the Water Police Court, yesterday, Catherine Baldwin, 78, found to have no lawful visible means of sup port, was sent to gaol for thiee months, with HARD LABOUR. Telegrams from London, in Saturday's ' Echo':—March 6. General Ignatieff takes the Treaty of Peace to St. Peters burg for ratification. Meanwhile, though its publication is deferred, its leading ar ticles are known. Those conditions which were menacing to British interests have been withdrawn. Bulgaria is to be au tonomous under a Prince, chosen bj an assembly of notables who are not mem bers of the leading reigning families, and is to be occupied by Russians troops for a period of two years.—March 7. The in demnity to be paid by Turkey to Russia has been fixed at 1410 million rdf&les.; It is expected that a European Peace Con gress will be held at Berlin, to be presided over by Prince Bismarck; this CongresB to take the place of the proposed Con ference at Baden Baden. Ditto from Melbourne :—The bills of a wholesale grocery firm were returned this afternoon. The liabilities amount to about £20,000. An arrangement will j probably be arrived at.—At the sale of ! yearlings at the Pastoral Hotel, to-day, there was a moderate attendance, and I fair competition. Fourteen of Phillips's 1 Bryan O'Lynn, brought 1845 guineas; ten of Patterson's Dandenong yearlings, 1325 guineas ; twelve of C. and A. Finlay's Glenormiston, 1715 guineas. The princi pal prices were :—B. f., by Panic, out of Miss Melbourne, 445guineas ; b.i.,Panic —Myth, 235 guineas ; g. r. c., by Spowdon —Saucepan, 300 guineas; b. fby Talk of-the-HiM—Ideal, 450 guineas ; b. f., by Hercules—Vision, 310 guineas'; b. c>', by Tim Whiffier—Jessica, 456 guineas ; b. c., byTimWhiffler—Queen of May (imported), 375 guineas. Ditto from Hobart Town :—To-night a fire broke out at Grubb's bark mills, which quickly spread to Risby's saw mills. It then eaught Neps's shipchand lery stores and Gibson's flour mills ; but ; the two last-mentioned premises were j saved. Oilier's and Solomon and Fisher's timber yards were demolished. The fire was an immense one, and extended over an area of ground estimated at an acre and a half. The buildings connected with the Steam Company's office, and several of the ships lying at anchor, caught fire, but were saved. The damage is estimated at £12,000. The seamen of H. M. S. Sappho rendered indefatigable exertions in seeking to extinguish the fire.—It is now blowing a gale. It is stated on the authority of the ' Wilcannia Times' that Mr. Colin Simson, M.L.A., says it is the intention of the Government to lock the Darling where the railway joins the river ; also, that a new list of magistrates is in course of preparation, which will be -published j shortly. The new Synagogue in Sydney was con secrated on Monday week. The total cost of the building has been about £30,000. 