N EWS AND NOTES This, dsy's events:—Annual meeting of Benevolent Asylum ; Warden’s Court; entries close for Yaclit Race, 8p.m.; meeting of Australian Natives’ Associa tion, 8 p.m. A lengthy telegraphic report bFMr Francis’ speech at' Melbourne,'last ‘ night, will be found in another column. , _ _ ■ i - • ; -Ti.r. The.adjoarhment of the Lear'mbnth Police Court' bn Monday was,we are caused by "the conductor Mr Gilchrist, J.P. The other, justices sitting at ■ the time have i forwarded a memorial' to the Minister of Justice,- requesting .that Mr Gilchrist may ba 'removed ffomhis ‘position: as a magistrate, and we, understand, that they will not carry on, the business of the court if he is allowed to take his seat on the bench. These proceedings appear to indicate very improper conduct.- The . magistrates, many of whom aria opposed to the Ministry, think it very hard that ',they should be subjected to the .interior ence of a' supporter:of, the Ministry .whilst!-, they are endeavoring to keepthe business of the court going, under the present peculiar circumstances.. : •' ; A horrible railway accident happened close to Ararat on Tuesday morning, by which a gatekeeper named Qraham waa killed. - The deceased had one half of his • gate closed whehagobdstraincam'ealbngtheline,and, so far as we can leam, he went to open the other halibut had not time enough to do so before the engine struck and disembowelled the • uhfprtunate man. j The de ceased .was,7o.years ef age, and was, we understand,' the father of Mrs Morris,'of the Grapes hotel. Grant street;;' / ■'!; .' , A special meeting of the Orphan Asylum committee was held at the water-office on Tuesday night, when the following members were elected a bouse committee;, for the ensuing year;—Messrs Scott, Fitzpatrick, Lake land; Koff, and Chamberlain. . .. The cricket match between’the Ballarat and Ade laide Muffs ended, in a decided victory for the B.C C., who made 195 rnns to their:opponents’.lfB. We understand that the visitors will be shown through some of the Egerton mines to-day. ... ,Mr Berry’s speech (writes ouf Smythesdale cor respondent)', disappoints friends and foes,- and the general observation heard on Tuesday ’was that “ there was nothing in it.” Some three .persons.left Smythesdale and Scarsdale to proceed by the people’s cheap train to hear the Premier ‘‘orate,” and great com miseration was felt for them when it was ascertained thatj, they were “crowded out,” and deprived the privilege of listening to.his honeyed words. About 10 o’clock on Monday night, after leaving the meet ing of. ratepayers in the Town-hall, a knot of poli ticians were discussing the crisis, when suddenly their voices were heard in unison, and in the balmy still neasof the night they struck up a melody, the refrain of which was “.We’ll hang old Berry.on a sour apple tree," &o.; I . passed oh, but" the harmony j still con tinued.” "... ■: ' The workmen engaged along- the, new pipe track from the Gong Gong Dam,'having finished their work, entertained the foreman, Mr W.‘ Cameron, at supper at the'Earl of l Zetland hotel bn Tuesday night. Mr, Badams occupied the chair, and 'Mr Seeley the - vice chair, the usual ’toasts being drunk: on the occasion, and a very pleasant evening passed. 1 ' A young man named Philip James,New, in the employment 1 of Messrs Vaughan and Co.,.,produce agents, met'with a severe accident dn’ Toesday after noon in Mur street. The horse' he'was riding suddenly reared up ; and fell over' l backwards with him, injuring him .very badly about the hips. : The sufferer was immediately taken to the Hospital, where he is now ’progressing favorably.; A Chinese named Sing Song, bailing from Dayles ford, was, admitted into , the Hospital on Tuesday, suffering' frond a broken ankle, which- he received a week ago. , He was attended, by. a Chinese doctor’ at first, but ultimately a' legally qualified 1 was called in, who recommended the patient’s removal to the Hospital, where the bone -.was found to he pro truding through the skin.J ' ■' The Dimbobla.. correspondent: of the Hortham Tima states:—“ I regret to report that Mr Houlbroqk, Church of Eoglaniminiater, haaJsM«tMmovad from the Dimboola pulpitby it is believed, through representations made by Mr Watson to the biatfbp, and giVing\Mr Houl ffirook a ’ebafise to^jreply, il infottaed-by the /secretary pf Aho'-Church of | England committee that .the'letter dmlaciocMr Houlbr»oS was jinder date of t4bhr January, aud it was oh tKeJl6th ( gJjkt Mr Houl brook left Morshamfor Ral 1 Brafj/.conaequpntly he has beendealt’with nniwjmm'marily. '.Ornat'sympathy is felt for* to secure his return to Dimboola.” "charged from the Lands Office, with tHeir incomes" which conclusively- diapoaea the’ statement ;that; had only removed who getting large salaries. ’Fifty-fiva' per Sons hava-beetr'Temoved iu’ all, and of these'one^g6t l ~over“£looo'a year, one over £7.00 a year, two' £6OO a year, seven'£4Bs, eight over £3OO, fifteen mver .£2OO, .nine over £lOO, two £lOO, and four between £9s"ancl £52/ ‘ These salaries, compared with what are paid in other colonies, cer tainly are not high, nor arathe'persons who receive them the bloated plutocrats which Mr Berry described iu Geelong. * The. Welshmen of Ballarat are about to present the Rev. r.Thos. Jones, Congregational minister, Mel-f bournp, with? ani adless, /which is ~now awaiting; ■r Vidtbrian notabilities are rather mixed Up by? 'some of the New South Wales journalists. One pro- 1 vinctal paper speaksyin -/tenna t pf (Condemnation of ■ “ Sir,Redmond Berry’s government” ! v Owners and trainers of horses engaged at the cgming Geelong meeting, are-.reminded that sweep-, stakes, for all events must be in the bands of the;' secretary, at the Victoria hotel, Geelong, by 4 p.m; on Thursday, the 24th inatl ' - ? The railway, to the Geelong Racecourse was opened on Tuesday;” 1 " ’ It is stated that the Ministry intend to appoint a-- .justice of the peace in each district as police magia/. tratoj-hut without' the law, may be/, carried out. The Geelpug justices have declined tq.-. nominate one of their number for the doubtful honor); i Hr James J. Martin,' late:o£ the Clunes Guardian',. has gone into partnership with Mr W. Cooper, of the! Portland Guardian. x i Mr J. Victor, jun% will leave Ballarat for Melbourne .this morning, itbeinghisintention to proceed to Italy by the outgoing mail, for the purpose of prosecuting his musical studies at La Scala, Milan. We understand that Mr Victor intends, placing., himself under the eminent master Lamperti, and we *■ can only hope he iwill achieve marked success in bis profession, as well for himself as for the honor of- this colony. .- rj; ■ We are requested to draw attention to the adver tisement elsewhere, announcing the Licensed Vio tuallers’ Amiual Piomo, whioh: will be held on-Thurs; day; at Scbnapper Point. , A ; special-train will.-leaye 'Ballarat at 6.45 a.m., conveying the. picnickers/to, ; Geelong,:wheteitho.steamer.Williams, will . be .in wait ring to take them to-Scbnapper Point, and., bring them back. The tickets are limited.dn ; number,- and early, .'application-will bs necessary:for personarintending-so take.part-ln'the[trip. ric lotittbp Mr B. J, Nicholle, of the Ballarat Eaat branch of ; fjhe London Chartered Bank, 1 is about to be’prompted ; to/Cl'qnes,' ' ‘‘ r ‘ ■'* ■ ..i l ibh.v/ j An old.man.named.WalterQ’Railjy diei o : iaUddmly on Tuesday afternoon in' a spring-cart; tas his sPni.wasV bringing him into Ballarat for-medical treatment-iHe ; was seventy-nine years of age, and had been-ailing’for' l a few days before death.; ;Tho body vyap conveyed to the. Western, and.’. Dr Hudsonjbere certified that O’Reilly had 'died from debility quent upon old age.‘ c ’ r , • r/ .’.'.-.'f iiaia Three children named Goold, aged seven, five, and three years respectively, were arrested on Tuesday night as neglected children,- - Their father'is in 'gao!;' and they have been wandering;uncontrolled for' some time. They will be dealt’ with at the City Court this morning/-r fw.%-! ■v.'/.d-t v, l ;; j. rniT As will be seen by our advertising columns of this date, thei.Gpvemor in Cnuucil has given r his formal , sanction to the guaranty policies' of the National luau'r-'' ance- Company-of-Australasia, which will now be accepted in all Government departments. c The-following Sydney - telegrams l are-from-' the’, Hcrald‘< I'dfOlTaesday " wasi.,; a,;-much-" needed and;,;steady A - rajnfalbTlaat night all over coast districts, and. the country '"was weiraaturaied. —Laycock now declines to row against Trickott in the outrigger'contest at the anniversary regatta. ..Trickett will therefore have a walk over." A meeting”of the Wattle’Bark Commission-was held in Parliament-house: on ■ Monday afternoon (says tho 'Age), when’ the .following: members- were present: Dixon (in the chair),: Boaiato,- Rees, aiid Baron/jjerdihand/ vim Mueller, * Government botahiaC' .The board'examined Mr Michaelis, of ; the firm ofiMiohaelis and ’Hallehat'ein,'of Lonsdale street, who stated that he viewed the .tax'proposed to hs levied on wattle > bark by the,.present.. Government with muchi.satisfaction. ■. Such a^restriction T was, he considered;; absolutely necessary, as the supply of bark' 'war already' well nigh’ exhausted. ’ In districts which’had 'formerly yielded an' unlimited.supply .of rich bark, there was not now ii solitary wattle to be peen/ .young; saplings of ’ two dr t three years iof age . -beingV'ruthlessly , destroyed for .the purpose of obtaining three/,0r./four pounds .bark. The; present -wants, of the. at! least -13,000 or 14,000 tons per Annum, but-unless some measures were promptly taken the country ■ would be in as hadti plight as:New South Wales, and New Zea- i .land, where little or no-; bark caused:tanning -opera-' tions to ha comparatively hegleptedi At the present .rate it .would not be long before at least dne-hitlf of -the Victorian , canhera.would have to atop altogether from want of bark, which bad also materially deterio-; rated in. quality, as. the strippers in few instances per mitted 'the hark to mature.: MciD. '6. Clark,.of the’ ■firm of Clark'and Son, • Lonsdale street,!gave similar evidence, which was based chiefly on the-' result of hie own experience,'- “He was emphatic, in' his.asaertion ■ that, Ahe., supply of bark was aU:hut'exhausted,'; aud; •stated" that at.no previous .time since he. had;,hte’n in! business had his stock been , so low as it was atr pre sent.; Th'e ■ board ; will , hear the evidence . of • some ' gentlemen holding 'opposite 'views before proceeding on their inspection' .of the districts favorable to the culturedf the ; , : ' .-- ’iT:- The Portland correspondent of the Hamilton Spec tator says;—“.There was ,something- like a.- row . on board the Otway on the night of the. 17th.instant. Amungatthapassengers was Sir. John O’Shanaaay, who, whilst endeavoring. to.comppse_hi_mself with cushions and rugs on tho t poop—far from the revolutionary turmoils:of the’ metropolis—felt the hand jjf aTspoun drel in .one, pf T his ,pockets v Sir. John called’out loudly, and was soon 'shrioundedi by-'the officers and others on board, aud tha culprit was ,a^ f onea r spotted. The prig—a Melbourne- man—was; However,'biindled into his quarters in the steerage, and no further action taken.” ■•.. .Tuesday’s Age states as follows:—“ The Minister of ‘Lands is in receipt:' of .communications/ daily . which have reference toi..the..effects,,pf..the long-continued drought which has been! .experienced throughout the colony: ' ln r tha horth-weatern portion of- the, matters :i are' becoming serious. numbers of • selectors have beep.forced to dispose of their live stock at : any* sacrifice' to ’prevent ’their dying of! .thirst, . Many,,?f the settlers have-determined on leaving their land,' 'being unable : to' endure further” hardships' brought hbout through the want'of a sufficient supply of water for;domestic purposes...-In a letter which ; Mr. Longmore received yesterday, the writer, a gentle man whose statements can be relied on, says:—‘l.beg to'draw your attention to the state of Ihie selectors' in the St.' Arnaud and 'Boort districts. I started yes terday to go to the Richardson. Oh the way ! camped oh-the-Bet Bat r Creek, ..and .at'. duak a-; man with a little, girl drove :up to ihe .waterhola in a dray,.--loaded with household, . furniture. “ That,” said mVbrother, is the first ,i)f-, the exodus.” We entered into conversation and found it'was so./ v“ I,” said the man;“have beenfor: years ohaaelectibn at’ Boort, and put £4Bo’’improvements on it. .--1 put in 30 acres of . wheat last year, and, got a bag to the'acre. I put in 102 acres this year and got 140 ’ bags; /I.got a man to offer me £5OO for my l lease, and now I am ready to take 50.0 r 60 aeres/of land somewhere near Ballarat.” Now, if I thought this an isolated case I : would not'lfave : vfrit£es to you, . but 'I am of opinion, from ; what- I hear, that: the" people will gormuch quicker off the land than they went on to it; in fact, ' it is only beoauaa they cannot, get,' buyers that the .exodus is not general. You will'hot get ohe-fpiirth of ‘the rents this’ year, and of those rivho pay many do so so as to • get ■ their leases, in the hope of- finding a buyer.’.The writer then/proceeds to .stata that it is: bis opinion that a man and 'his family;cannot be sup ported 0n.'320, acres of rland. in.dry or unfavorable, 'seasons.”.. ?•:.• r ■ | r [ A ,iWarmambool telegram, in Tuesday ! a f ' Argus, dated Monday, ' states:—“The Rev.' c Dr 'Beamish in His ’sertobn' yesterday morningi-at Christ.Churqh, rei? ferred to the political crisis, an'd'oondemnad the con duct of the; < Qovernment ruining the credit, wrecking the character, and retarding the prospects of .the colony.” 1 _ A sad accident occurred air Williamstown on Mon day (says Tuesday’s Argut), >.,A girl named Mary Ann Bland, aged .eleven years, whose father (George Bland) is a boiler-maker in the locomotive sheds at ‘Williamstown;’ fell out. of rn carriage. on the railway ’ line, close to the-leyel.orossing at Giffoid street, at half-past 3 p.m.. One of the carriage wheels passed over both feet, and'sbvered the toes. Mr Pigg at tended promptly; 'and amputated, the left foot from the ankle, and three toes from the right foot. - . /‘A meeting of the General Expenditure Redemption Company: (Limited),' in .'liquidation;' was held-orii/Mon day afternoon, at Whiteman’s Clarence hotel, Eliza* betb. street (says Tuesday’s JirgxiiJ. THa liquidators brought up a report from which it appeared that after everything possible had been done towards settling up matters appertaining to the company there were assets left to the amount of £lBl Is id meet apparent liabilities of £l9O, showing an apparent deficiency of £5 or £6; but, as many of the coupons and bonds out might never Come in, the liquidators anticipated that the money held in hand would be sufficient to meet all claims. On the motion' of J[ r John M’Cutcheon, seconded by Mr J. Parry, it was agreed to assign the assets to the liquidators, on con dition that the latter should give an indemnity to tbs shareholders against the liabilities, —Oarf-Age) Sandhurst Correspcrtuant writes:— “Three .•thousand, acres of lahd.at Mount .Hope, in the TeV ricks distuiotj.Vrare thrown-open for selection on tbs -14th December-last,.and .were ,pegged out In lets by different parties, several applicants doing So for Iba -same board was held at EohufiaOn. 6th Janiiafy/conslaiinu of ’Watson and. Thomsdni'diatript surveyors for Kee rang.'fand/ Sohhca respectively. - The yboard'recom. mended different partiesVlicensea to be issued," but sh|iwe§, grow, favor to the-kno^n l supporters of the members for Mahdurang'mdb'Sahdhurst, favorable to the 'BerryGbvetniheht.ilt/is usual in. : cases of this ? kind, whete there are aevaril- applicants for the saaa 1 block, I? tp ; .giye. the, preference„.to |aelhotors who havs . large:families, iln the .face pf- ’ohe of'the appli. I cants, named Dunn; who has ten children, was refuaid' m|preferen&'t'o.AyohDg/ripgle. Woman. a, daughter 0 ( one of Mr Clark’s.'principal supporters. The board atjthe time of ifa sitting. Was not legal, as - Thomson’ revived his dismissal on the consequently, could hot act, butiFi- Dunn hasi entered, a protest at the Landi Office;hiM : fehoW'in Melbourne.” iA Dondon paper received by the Lusitania contains the' following Captain J. H." Satterthwaite, R.E, colonial,suyveyor at/Singappre, .has baken up special ' duty in the Australian colonies inconnection with the defenca.works." - ■ f/' ' ■ j“Hamlet” was by Mr ’Darrell ah iba character_ : tq be. .played/_byhlm oh Tuesday evening the last night of the season, ana'the'occasion of his though there have been better exponents of- the character,- Mr Darrell’s Hamlet was one that was deservedly applauded. -He lo'pked to the life the Princeltofi; Denmark,, abd: nearly every fioffiodiij was vfery-' effective. He .was- /.seen at his best, perhaps, in the scenes with Ophelia and the.f.Qiieen; ■- a P,d iu the 1 -play scene denounced the'King'with such intense and in tones of such fiery hatred aa to be enthralling. Mrs Darrel) as the Queen. did not seem thoroughly suited with . the it : conscientiously. Her ■ share,of. the closet', scene, however, was a grand' suc cess, and she well, pourtrayed the mingled feelings of the. womanhovering between conviction that hereon was 'right,"and fear that he.' was mad. Hr ■ Vincent-played-the three parts of the Ghost, the First ; Actor, and LaerthA The last was played ’ with much spirit, but the part of !tho Actor was.the one in which he succeeded, beat. Miss Medway, aa Ophelia, acted , better than she bad hitherto done' during the season. A tendency to speak in tob/iloud and forced a tone detracted from the merit,' of her representation of Ophelia sane, butthemadnessof the gentle girl was pour trayed with a palhetibAua gentle fidelity very affecting! Mr O’Brien 'doubled the parts, of -Pplpnias and the FifsfXJravedigger.'and as .usuahwaa amusing in the . made a rather insipid Horiitio7"and Mr Sefton gabbled through'~{he'part'of. King Claudios.-'"Mrs“Bryer >looked stately as • the actress, queen, arid “Mr Gladstone—was a careful RoseDcrabitß'-’Misses Fcatherstone;. and; Hathaway looked -pjetty-and.played, nicely; and, with all these excellencies- '‘Hamlet” could not fail to win any/ amount of applause., .../'V , 