Notes on Current'Events. Mr. Berry is evidently desirous o£ reducing ¡ill powers of the State to a shadow, except the Assembly which answers so well to his passionate appeals. Tho telegram which Governor Bowen received from tho Secretary for the Colonies con tained the hint to keep within the law, and for this purpose to make use of the legal advice available. Like the Delphic oracle the utterances from the recesses of Downing-street aro usually susceptible of more than one interpretation. The question now arises what advice is available. »The Opposition received the message with cheers, because they interpreted it to mean,-take advice if necessary from legal authorities outside the Cabinet ; but Mr. Berry states that the only view that the Government can entertain is that the available advice refers to the law officers of the Government, and withins usual blustering threatening, he says, " if the Opposition interpretation of tho telegram was a correct one, the necessity would arise of taking such energetic stops in tho matter on behalf of the people of tho country as would at once and for ever curtail such power being expressedby the Colonial Office again." Thus the Ministry is not only determined to dictate its own interpretation of despatches to his Excellency, but if tho Colonial Oííice expresses an opinion on a point of constitutional practice which does not suit Mr. Berry, it will promptly have its mouth sealed. But what are the real merits of tho case respecting legal advice ? Of course no responsible Ministry could permit the Governor to be consulting irresponsible persons. No Duke de Broglie must, by back-stairs influence, destroy thc power of the Government. Granted this point, is the Governor to have uo power of checking the legality of the Premier's advice be yond the opinion ot' the Attorney- General-the most strongly prejudiced lawyer in tho com munity, and one often chosan for political ability rather than legal knowledge? There would bo little objection to the Governor ob taining au opinion from any properly inalified barrister, not connected with the Opposition, for a legal opinion is quite different from political advice, but there could be no sound objection whatever, io the opinion of the judges of tho Supreme Court being obtained. The Sovereign of England lias the axlvantage of the legal advice of the iiOrd Chancellor, the Attorney and Solicitor General, but it is a well understood constitutional right that she can resort to tho judges for counsel if she deem it advisable. Hov/ much more is thi3 right necessary in a colony where the Governor has only the opinion of the Attorney-General under ordinary circumstances. This very crisis shows the need of this independent adv ico most strikingly, for tho Governor was undoubtedly led to do an illegal act, from which he had afterwards to withdraw. Had he taken opinion of Sir William Stawell, it would have been better both for himself and his ministers, It is evidently considered popular for members of the Assembly to cry out about the excessive adornment of our public buildings. If some gen tlemen had their way we should cover the land with an enormous number of barn-like structures, such as Governor Macquarie delighted in. Ko stately columns or pleasing enrichments should meet our eyes, and call to mind the unnecessary exrjense. The classical style of the Museum wo should have thought was severe enough, but no, it has unnecessary ornament. The Town Hall ia the very embodiment of evil in tho eyes of these architectural puritans and economists. Surely this spirit is unworthy a great people. What we have to do, let us do well, and let us not grudge expense to make our buildings beautiful hs well ns useful. Every ugly building is a permanent influence for evil on the taste of the people, and every beautiful structure is an abiding educational power. The poet Keats expressed at any rate an artistic truth, if not a moral, one, when he sang. y-¿c^ Beauty ia truth, truth beauty. That is all i'e know on eurtu, anti all ye need to know. . The world has now tho pleasing sight oT the Czar of all tho Iïussias and the Sultan of Turkey fraternising and exchanging mutual compliments. This is certainly an improvement on. the plan pf sendiug their subjects to kill one another ; and it is quite possible that their sentiments of good will may be genuine. The Czar has always been repre sented as peacefully inclined, and only yielding to strong pressure in declaring war ; and the Sultan of Turkey must bo the subject of more pity than anger. This young monarch has ascended tho throne of tho Osmanlis in fie darkest hours which the Mahometan power has ever experienced since tho days of its great founder. Iiis subjects have shown themselves brave as well as cruel, but thedisorgauisation of the State has pre vented him from utilising the warlike genius of his people. Ho is suffering from tho continued faults and crimes of his predecessors, and provinces are torn from his rule because Abdul Aziz preferred bis voluptuous lifo by tho smiling waters of the Bos pborus, to the real duties of kingship. Ho had the opportunity, which has been deuied to tho.present Sultau, of consolidating his Empire by meting out justice to all, but ho dawdled away his hours in the harem, whilst his tax-gatherers were outraging the peasantry of tho distant provinces. Tho timo of retribution has come, and Turkey has not only been devastated by war, but is distracted by civil dissensions. Now that the preliminaries of xieace have been signed between Russia and Turkey, the Arabs of Aleppo havo risen in revolt, and Constantinople is still the scene of continual palace intrigues. The Ex-Sultan Murad is said to have recovered his reason and to be detained by force. " Uneasy sits the head" that wears any crown; but the diadom of Turkey must cause more than the usual uneasinessi Mr. Ruskin, in his long series of letters to work ing-men, has impounded some remarkable views, and has sometimes injured a good case by his eccentric mode of stating it, It is almost univer sally true that men who are firmly convinced of the reality of their faith, go to absurd lengths in their advocacy of it. The cardinal principle of all Mr. Ruskin's teaching is the immorality of bad work of any kind, but he has entered upon such a furious crusade against all phases of modern life that he has become a Jeremiah lamenting the evils of the day, rather than a Moses leading his people into the promised land. All his schemes are impracticable, but underlying all his teaching are great moral truths. His last letter deals with the disastrous position of the iron trade, in South Wales, where tho great furnaces of Mr* Crawshay are now idle, and likely to he for a long time to come. Mr. Ruskin says the causes are fourfold, " first, the separation between tho masters and men, which is wholly the masters' fault, and the necessary result of the defiance of every moral law of relation by modern political economy ;" the second is the "loss of custom, in consequence of bad work ;" the third is " that tho funds which the fools of Europe had at their disposal"" are now in a great measure exhausted ; and the fourth is that " tho inhabitants of other countries have begun to perceive that they have got hands as well as we—and possibly in some businesses even better hands." It will not do to acccpt Mr. Ruskin's verdict in its entirety; for instance, there are very few even of the working men who would place all tho fault of tho dis- organisation of labour on the heads of tho em ployers, and there is, perhaps, no one except Mr. Ruskin and his young lady followers who regard the iron industry with unmitigated horror. Mr Ruskin evidently rejoices in the decline of the trade, for he thinks it will at last make it plain to the British mind that thc cliffs of Dover were not constructed by Providence merely to be made a large counter. The most striking feature of the Chinese ques tion in the northern colony is that tho Queens landers, apparently, do not know their own minds. A little time since public opinion was strongly against. the invading Celestials who were taking the bread out. of the mouths of the industrious white men; but now a reaction seems to have set in, for it is found that: the labour of Chinamen produces a great deal of wealth for the colony. It is true that the China men send a portion of their savings to their native land, but this can bc nothing compared to tho amount they expend in Queensland, or even to tho proportion of that expenditure which is profit for the whites. There may be good social and political reasons for limiting Chinese immigration, but there can be no doubt that tho presence of the Mongolians is an element of finaucial prosperity. If the Quecnslanders are as firmly convinced as they seemed to be that it is necessary to guard against the invasion from Hongkong, they must be prepared to make some sacrifices for the sake of their country. Unfor tunately ia the present state of the world, the breeches pocket is the most powerful of all ar guments, and if the most influential political class in Queensland think it to their financial interest to patronise John Chinaman, all other considera tions will quickly he thrown to tho winds. Among the various suggestions that have bGen made of late respecting the Eastern question, the opinions of Sir Henry Havelock are entitled to some weight. He is a thoughtful politician, and a soldier who is not carried away by professional feeling. Ile has had the advantages of travel in the East by which to correct theoretical viows,;r^id above all 1Ü3 connection with India renders him free from any charge of indifference to tlie Empire* of tho East. Ile completely disposes of tho Euphrates Valley scare, lie points out that the Indian Government, and a Committee of the House of Commons have decided that this route has little practical value, and Lord Derby has assented to the same view. Sir Henry hos a strong opinion of tho importance of the Dardanelles in a military point of view, but he points out that in the event, of Russia ever advancing to this point, all danger can be neutralised by tho purchase of the island of Mityline, which commands these Straits. The island has two good harbours ; and the British Government could, with a small expense, erect a. second Malta. This view seems well worthy of consideration by those who desire England to maintain her naval supremacy, and yet are guofc haunted by any of the foolish fear of Jiu eil which has disgraced a section of English society, Tho aspect of the European Conference has1 changed very much since its original arrangement. Instead of occupying the deserted saloons ol? Baden- Baden, the representatives of the powers! aro to meet in Berlin under the presidency of the iron Chancellor, the great Prince Bismarck. At present wo are quito in the dark as to the reasons for the chango. Apparently the Berlin Congress is to be more comprehensive in its programme-' than that which was to meet at Baden Baden for tho settlement of ono or two points of the Turkish Treaty. According to Lord Durby thetreaties of lSSGaud 1371 had been blown to the' . . - - - - - - . " of .an* to arrange something which if not permanent shall servo for many years as a modus vivendi between tho Great Powers is apparently the object of the Berlin Congress. There are stilt some people who 'dislike this mode of settling difficulties, and would have England draw her sword to cut tho gordian knot; but most reasonable people will rejoice that England has set tho example in 1S70 and again in 1S78 of meeting with the rost of Europe in solcrau con clave to adjust differences, How much better for Turkey if she had listened to the united voice ,o£ Europe at the Constantinople Conference, and had yielded the freedom to her subjects which a vic torious army has forced from her after a mosft bloody war. But apart from mere grounds ot ex pediency or advantage, England has taken the only/ just course in appealing to reason rather than to might, and though tho blusterers of tho world may talk of the humiliation of England, the hard working classes of Europe look with envy to " happy, happy England," whose sons are not torn away from thoir poaceful employments ana slaughtered for the glory of her princes, ina resources and tho manhood of England aro being husbanded for the day when in a just cause need to strike shall come, and then it will he seen that she does not fall short of her old ancestral valour. At present all eyes will be turned "to Berlin where the Congress may he the crowning Doinfr'of Prince Bismarck's marvellous career. Germany, under his directions, has shown the moat friendly spirit to Russia, but as the Congress is to be gathered together on the Austrian and English initiative, it is evident that the English Government has a confidence in Prince Bismarck's impartiality and real desire to promote the peace of Europe. The case of small-pox which has made its appearance on board the City of Sydney ought not to excite the least alarm, but the promptitude with ?which it was discovered and precautions were taken ought to create general confidence in the action "of the authorities. The larger our trade with different parts of the earth, the more certain we ave to have cases from time to time brought to our shores, and all we can expect, and all we re quiráis the prompt isolation of persons afflicted with the disease, and the complete purification of their surroundings. The deadly character of the disease itself has been very much over-rated. Among a well vaccinated population its effects are never very fatal, and it is by no means as terrible an ' enemy as typhus. The crowded towns of England are seldom free from it, but almost all the fatal results occur with people who persistently refuse to be vaccinated. Typuus, on the other hand, makes frightful ravages in the districts that are badly drained and the houses where cleanliness is not reckoned a virtue. That Sydney and Newcastle, with their suburbs, have not suffered more than they have from this frightful disease is scarcely due to the wisdom of our sanitary arrangements. Public opinion needs to be roused by our Health Society and our medical men td insist that the dangers that now threaten the Newcastle district and the ' low . grounds on the side of Darling Harbour shall I be: dealt with in a more speedy manner than is the [ , usual custom of our public officials. , The claim which !; Colonel Steinberger has put forward for .compensation for his removal from Samoa to the extent of .£400,000 is one of the most audacious efforts of the human mind. This adven turer, although he came to Samoa avowedly as the representative of the American Government, claims his rights as a German citizen. At any rate this ought to avoid the danger of difficulties with the Americans on his behalf, and the German Authorities are not disposed to encourage adventurers and filibustering. Steinberger ought to be very well content that he was able, by un limited " cheek," to spend a few years of his life as a monarch in the dreamy islands of the Pacific. That he did not continue there to the end of his life was his own fault. He gathered round him a number of boon companions, and extorted from the Samoans the means of living in luxury, or rather in drunkenness. If he had been content with moderate demands on his subjects, he would never have been dethroned ; but, like most irresponsible rulers, he did not know where to stoß, and at last the Samoan chiefs begged the English captain to remove him. The action &ken; by Captain Stevens was not in accordance with international law, but the idea of heavy com pensation is simply absurd. Steinberger was de throned by the Samoans, who found that they were colled upon to pay for the presents that the adventurerbrought with him for the chiefs, which they thought came from the American Govern ment. Pastor Allen is not satisfied with the reports which appeared in theJETei-ald of the disgraceful scenes in Hyde Park on Sunday afternoon. He is absolutely longing for martyrdom, and it is grievous to his soul to be denied even the credit of enduring a few blows for the good cause. Twice was he "torn down," and worse still, his valuable umbrella was destroyed in the melee. This stalwart defender of Protestantism is persuaded that arrangements have been made to kill him by his irate antagonists. He believes that, while he lives, the Papacy trembles, and that the Kiama ghost is still at large. "We are disposed to accept with all possible seriousness the state ment that the reverend gentleman's death has been compassed, and we are compelled to believe that an organised attempt is being made to silence his preaching in the public parks. Such treat ment of a would-be martyr deserves severe con demnation; but what is the justification for it? Pastor Allen tells us his sermons are composed pf extracts from the Herald intermingled with passages of scripture! The scripture may be ex citing, but assuredly the Herald extracts would not set the " Papist heart " on fire. Moreover, the reverend orator asserts that he has "been asked every week for the last three or four yeárs, by one thousand respectable ladies and gentlemen," to continue his services! However astounding this statement may be, we confess we cannot see suf ncieutground for the belief of many respectableper sons that Pastor Allen isa Jesuit in disguise. Under tnesecircumstancesit would be wise for our Catholic leuow-citizens to give the Pastor and his thousand ? ladies and gentlemen" a wide berth. At the same tjmewe would suggest to that zealous thousand, .i»!i1 ßious courtesy is the crown of religious liberty, and that they will' do well to air their .sectariananimosities in their own churches, where i« fi10811 extreme controversial statements cannot ]«8tiy offend the susceptibilities of. their fellow \3 ' HurIev» of Hartley, has a notice on the Business. paper of the Legislative Assembly, ' twTu of opening the Museum and ,iree Library on "the Sabbath day." Objec oe taken to this wording, for it cuts nf »7 tt l)orti°n of the arguments urged in favour !alm"!+0^?mnS of institutions on the Sunday. In "Wall languages, except English, the Sabbath nflLue^8,.Satlu'flay» and many fairly orthodox Dav" e-5,line to identify the Christian "Lord's Sahho+k the 8trict rules of the Jewish 21 B.e thftt aa i* may, the practical wgumentp in favour of /providing people in an - 4. ,means o£ spending the Sunday, T'oonft0míf e,ctual manner are s overpowering, of a hiE?-the of rest becomes a'curse instead tt owswng through the insensate dawdling about that invariably leads to bad temper. Even the best of people cannot spend all their time in reli gious worship, and very few can be persuaded to read devotional works all day long. "What is required is that- people should learn to take a human interest in something beyond their petty daily avocations, and assuredly in the con templation of the marvels of science or the works of the great minds of the past, the v are more likely to have their thoughts raised "to "the Giver of every good and perfect gift" than in sullenly smoking their pipes in their back yards. Moral and religious teachers too often lose half their power because they obstinately re fuse to recognise the varied influences that tend to elevate the human soul. Would that we had not only museums, where weary workers can revel in the wonders of nature, and libraries where they can reverently bow in the presence of the inspired sages of every age, but also galleries of noble statuary and glowing pictures, that, in Spencer's beautiful words With the glory of so goodly sight, The hearts of men that fondly here admire, l'air seeming shows might lift themselves up higher. And learn to love, with zealous humble d uty. The eternal fountain of that heavenly teauty. The London University has made a remarkable change in its constitution by admitting ladies to all its degrees. This is one of the most important results of the movement for the higher education of women, which ought not to he confounded with the womens'rights agitation, which looks to the possession of the suffrage as the cure for all earthly ills. There can be no doubt that the fair sex has been very unjustly treated with regard to educational endowments. Many of the large grammar schools were founded for poor children without regard to sex, but the grasping males have pushed the unprotected females to the wall, and nave monopolised the gifts of "pious an cestors." The consequence has been that there have been no standards to keep girls schools up to the mark, and there has perhaps never been so much folly crammed together as in young ladies' education in inferior private schools. The mis tresses did not enter upon school teaching because they were adapted for it, but because they had no other means of earning a livelihood unless they descended in the social scale and became seamstresses. The school-books often were a mere mass of twaddle, and the young ladies left these charming academies with less mental power than they entered them ; but they could dance, strum a certain number of tunes, and draw a cottage on a piece of tinted paper. Unfortunately this species of school is not extinct, al though it is rapidly becoming discredited. High schools for gills, ladies' colleges, Cambridge and London examinations, lectures for ladies, have created a new standard of efficiency. It has at length dawned upon people that a teacher must herself first be taught, and that it is no sign of ability to educate children that this person is an amiable widow, or that a long suffering old maid. The value of a University degree is, that it affords a guarantee that the recipient is well-informed. London University is simply an examining board, and as it does not require residence or attendance at a college, there are none of the objections, which are urged with some force against mixed educa tion. The Victorian returns for 1877 reveal a steady increase of population, but yet a remarkable fall ing off in the number of births. 'There are 2000 fewer births in 1877 than in 1873, although the population has increased by 70,000 persons. The small amount of immigration might account for a decrease of the proportion of births to population, but it sheds no light on the absolute decrease. This fact is, of course, the natural result of the decrease in the number of marriages, pointed out a few months since by Dr. Balls-Headley in the M dbourne JRevieiv. The mar riage rate is always held to be a faithful index of the prosperity of a country, and it has been argued that this falling off in the number cf marriages is the result of the diminished prosperity of Victoria since she fairly plunged into the mire of protec tion; This may be true to a certain extent, but yet there is no doubt that, although Victoria has not progressed of late years as New South Wales, she has been blessed with a measure of prosperity that would be highly satisfactory in Europe. Some further explanation, therefore is needed, and it is probably to be found in the fact that the men, who have poured out of Victoria into the neighbouring colonies, have been the young and vigorous, or the marriageable men. The mines of New Zealand and Queensland, and the lands of New South Wales, have offered far more attractions to enterprising spirits than were to be found within the comparatively narrow boundaries of the southern colony. This is not a satisfactory conclusion, for Victoria, but it is a natural result of the compétition for population among the sparcely populated colonies of Austra lasia, , Whilst affairs in Europe are looking« brighter, there are clouds in the farther East which may be of .more immediate danger to British interests than even the Russian bugbear in Europe. The Chinese have at length taken Kashgar, and have thus reunited with the Celestial Empire the provinces which, under Yakoob-Khan.resisted all their efforts. Thisrernarkableman wasthe modern representative of those Asiatic adventurers, like Gengis-Khan, who have carved out mighty empires with the aid of sharp swords and indomitable courage. Time after time the armies of China were repelled from his territories, and it seemed that he would found a progressive State in Central Asia that would form a barrier to Russian aggression. Many Anglo Indians were strongly of opinion thatYakoob should be supported by British arms. Ile was not, how ever, able to found a dynasty, and his death has been the signal for the reconquest of Kashgar. This may give rise to difficulties of groat magnitude ; but, meanwhile; another danger is threatened which Russophdbists will,' with considerable plausibility, consider the result of Russian in trigues.! !*The Ameer.of Cabul, one of the most con siderable Asiatic potentates, is said to be'arming against England and Persia. Eór some time our diplomatic relationships with Cabul have been un satisfactory, and it is highly.probable that in the .event of England being engaged in any European war, her Indian army.would have its-work cut out in the turbulent country beyond the north-western frontiers of Hindostán. The claims of St. Vincent's Hospital to public assistance were temperately discussed on Tuesday in the Assembly, on a motion introduced by Mr. M'Elhone. There was a concurrence of testimony in favour of the institution, but the Colonial Sec retary, Sir John,Robertson, and Sir Henry Parkes, agreed that it would be impossible to render the hospital continuous assistance unless the Go vernment had a share in the management. This is so clear a constitutional principle that it is_ surprising that anybody should contravene it. As long as the public supports the hospital, the managers would be unwise to give up their freedom of action for the sake of the Government aid they might secure. They throw the hospital open, irrespective of creed, although it is of course a distinctly Catholic institution. The Rev. Wm. Allworth has thought it worth his while to advertise at considerable length the- fact that he has been refused the privilege of holding a public Church of England service in the hospital. He might speak as much as he liked to the patients of his own communion, and he might even gather two or three together for prayer, but the mother superintendent would not permit a regular public service. The rev. gentlemaa holds this up as an example of religious intoler ance. If this be intolerance, where can we find liberty ? Certainly not in the Church of England, that has so jealously resisted the entrance of Non conformist chaplains into the public institutions of Great Britain. Mr. Allworth says this is an example that "Rome is unchangeable; what she was in ages gone by, that she is at the present time." If the Church of the Inquisition would allow Protestants to administer the consolations of religion to one another in Catholic institutions, Torquemada and his friends have been very much maligned. "No surrender," says this doughty champion, like a self proposed candidate at tho general election, Was there ever a sillier cry than this, in an age when Protestantism is the accepted creed of the most progressive states, and the majority of The laity are alienated from the Church in Catholic coun tries? Imagine the Russian soldiers marching against the 'Turks to the cry of " we won't run away," and we have a parallel to the consummate folly of this " no surrender " cry. The Samoan difficulties are not taking a satis factory turn, and the worst feature is that the obstacles to a speedy settlement are apparently not offered so mxich by the chiefs as' by the American Consul. Mr. Weber, the German Consul, has cordially co-oçerated with Sir Arthur Gordon in his recent visit to Apia, but Mr. Griffin, the American representative, declined to interfere in the domestic affairs of Samoa, or co-operate with any other Power. Nevertheless it was evident that he directed the action of the chiefs, who eventually declined to enter into any agreement until the return of their secretary, Mamea, who has applied to the United States for a protectorate. Considering that the late English consul had imposed fines upon them for .their in sults to the English flag, this was a most imperti nent proceeding, which they would never have ventured upon unless backed up by white influ ence. Sir Arthur Gordon acted with gTeat modera tion in only seizing the Samoan schooner Elizabeth as part security for the fine, and left without securing the rights and privileges of Englishmen in any way. Of course the matter cannot be left in this state, but it is perhaps as well that more drastic measures should be deferred. The part played by the American consul is a sample of American diplomacy, the weakest part of their governmental system. The traditions of their diplomatic service are completely at variance with the practice of European powers. This con tinual disregard for etiquette and international courtesy would frequently involve the States in war, if they were in Europe, instead of on the other side of the Atlantic. The English authorities in Polynesia will doubtless manifest the modera tion and forbearance which has become the settled policy of England, but they can never allow the representatives of any State, however powerful, to prevent the settlement of questions affecting the Eosition of British subjects and the honour of the ritish flag. When we learned by telegraph that the aged Pontiff sent his blessing and forgiveness to the dying King of Italy, we hoped that his own^end. had been marked by.a reconciliation with the civil authorities of the country which his great talents and undoubted piety adorned. But the detailed news . by the Auckland mail informs us that the last acts of his life were the preparation of an allocution against Russia for the persecution of the Catholics of Poland, and a protest against the proclamation of Umberto, .King bf Italy. It would ill become any Englishman to defend the action of Russia in Poland, but the moment' chosen by the Pope for his protest savours too much of the ancient Papal policy that preferred the followers of Islam to the schismatical Eastern Church. The protest against the accession of the King of Italy is quite another matter, and shows that Pió Nono remained ob stinately at variance with united Italy. It might have been thought that the deep feeling mani fested through the length and breadth of the pen insula at the death of Victor Emmanuel would have taught his Holiness that the destiny of the States of the church was definitely fixed, The protest could only have the effect of cementing the kingdom, for it showed how incompatible were the Papal pretensions with the unity of Italy. It is sad to reflect that this good old man should have done his utmost, even when be had more than one foot in the grave, to promote discord and eventual bloodshed in his native land. 