CARDINAL MANNING ON I . FAITH OF IRELAND. In. his eloquent sermon at the celebra tion 'of • the' Golden Jubilee at Sfc.: Patrick's Church, Liverpool, His Eminence Cardinal Manning said ^Perhaps some one would ask, why should we keep the jubilee of-St. Patricks'Cburcb ? Is thero anything strange or i singular- in a ; church ;6fty years old ? They who kuow the undy ing life of the Catholic Church know that there is nothing : strange in a Catholic altar or a Catholic Church living for fifty years. Nevertheless there are reasons distinct and strong why we should pray and celebrate with great rejoicing the Jubilee of St. Patriok's in Liverpool. It wns opened; and dedicated, fifty years ago—years while the penal laws wore oven thou on the statute books of England. There were- then laws against the Catholic Church and faith still in vigor, and the remnants of the most refined and cruel legislation the world has over seen, save only Ireland. That supplies one reason which can never return. It is also the first jubilee since the cancelling and blotting out from the statute books of the laws of our country of those laws against the holy faith of Jesus Christ. Now we have liberty spreading on every side. Twenty-five years ago the church in England, which till then bad no hierarchy, no diocesan, no internal jurisdiction, no apostolic authority, received ones more that full and per fect order of the church with all the plenitude of apostolic authority which Jesus gave to Peter, and which passed from Peter to tho Apostles, whose successors our bishops aro. Irolaud lias never lost her bierarcy or faith. She has nevor wavered or faltered through all manner of persecu tions. With the Divine assistance coming from tho Holy Ghost, the people of Ireland have remained faithful to Jesus, their Lord, ntid to his vicar on oarth, in his world-wide Church. St. Patrick's is an inheri tance which has never been cut off, and though he was no prophet, lie made bold to say never would be. For his inheritance is not seen in Ire land alone, but through the world wide Church of God. In the groat new world nf Australia, on the con tinont of America, and scnttered through the East, the sons of' St. Patrick, pastors and priests, spring from his ordination, spread the Church of God, and gather souls into salva tion. There is no family or progeny in all the Church of God so great as that which Bprang from St. Patrick. That one sole apostle of the nation has at this day an inheritance in the Catholic Church which is not exceeded, nay, ho would say, equalled, by any other apostle of the nations. St. Augustine was indeod the npostle of England, but whore is the inheritance of the first Archbishop of Canterbury ? Patrick, the first archbishop and pri mate of Irotand, has his inheritance full and undiminished multiplied and expanded throughout the world at this hour. In the great Council of the Vatican, wlion tb* Catholic Church met together by representative, there was no oue saint or apostle, save only those saints or apostles who bad laid the Church in the beginning, who had in that august council, that synod of tho intellect of the Church, so many mitred sons as tho Apostle of Ireland...:. This is tho reward which God, in His generosity, gavo to them who served him in the law of liberty. The ua[nesi inscribed on the walls of the Church showed that the children of St. Patrick would never forget, living ,or.i dying,; the priesthood. Here, around him, he could see the names of; .those who laid down their lives' by the fever-stricken bed, find went like soldiers of Jesus Christ to fill up the vacant gap. There is no people throughout the world so united to their pastors, so ready to be the helper, the Iriend, the brother, even the defender of the priest, as is the Irishman. He would say to them : Pray God to maka them uudorstand the law of liberty. He would not say he faithful to the creed which St. Patrick gave, for where is the Irish man who is unfaithful P Even while he is anting contrary to the law of God, and giving scandal to himself and his neighbour, he holds his faith as the most precious of all in heritances. There was no apostle as the nation whoso life was more marked by constant penetential exercises than St. Patrick. He denied himself in order that he might be a true servant of Jesus Christ. Therefore for the glory and the sake of God and His blessed Mother, and for the honour and glory of St. Patrick, practise your relieion, and lot the world see by the light of your lives, and by the generosity of your actions, that you are a true descendent of the great apostle. For by our hearts we shall be judged by our Divine Master when we stand before Him." 