Josh Billings on Birds. The quail is a game bird, about one size bigger than the robin, and so sudden that they have when they fly. They have no song, but whistle for music, the tune is solitary and Bad. They are shot on the wing, and a man may be good in arithmetic, first-rate at parsing, and even be able to preach acceptably, but if he ain't studied quail on the wing he might as well shoot at a streak of lightning in the sky as at a quail on the Briled quail, properly supported with jerseys and a Champagne Charlie, is just the most difficult thing, in my humble opinion, tew beat in the whole history of wattles and something to drink. I am no gourmand, for I can eat bread and milk five days out of seven, and smack my lips after I got thru, but if I am asked to eat boiled quail by a friend, with judishous as company ment, I blush at first, then bow my head, and then smile sweet acquiescence in other words, I always quail beforosucha request. THE PARTRIDGE. The partridge is also a game bird. Their game is new drum on a log in the spring of the year and keep both eyes wide open, watching the Sportsman. Partridges are shot on the wing, and are as easy to miss as a ghost iz. It is plain enuff few see the old bird hide her young brood when danger is near. This must be seen, it can't be described, and make everybody believe it. The partridge, grouse, and pheasant are cousins, and either of them straddles a gridiron natural enuff to have been born there. Take a couple of young partridges and put them down, and serve up with a kind of chorus, and they beat the ham sandwiches you buy on the Camden and Amboy Road 871 Per cent. I have eat these lamentable New Jersey ham sandwiches, and must say that I prefer a couple of bass wood chips, soaked in mustard water, and stuck together with Spauld ing's glue. THE GOBLIN. The goslin as the old goose's young child. They are seller all over, and as soft as a ball of worsted. Their foot iz wove hole, and they can swim as easy as a drop of castor oil on the water. They are born annually about the 15th of May, and never was known to die naturally. If a man should tell me he saw a goose die a natural death, I wouldn't believe him under oath after that, not even if he swore he had lied about seeing a goose die. The goose are different in one respect from the human family, who are used tear grow weaker and wiser, whereas a gown always grows tuner and more foolish. I have seen a goose that they sed was ninety three years old last June, and didn't look an hour older than one that was only seventeen. The goslin saddles when he walks and paddies when he swims, but never lives like a duck out of sight in the water, but only changes ends. The food by the goslin iz rye, corn, oats and barley, sweet apples, hasty pudding, succotash, and boiled cabbage, cooked potatoes, raw meat, wine, jelly and turnips, stale bread, gold hash and buckwheat cakes that are left over. They ain't so particular as some pholks what they eat, won't get mad and quit if they kant have west toast and jam chops every morning for breakfast. 