EUIBTRE'S ANSWERS TO S0M£ OF HIS OWN CORRESPONDENTS. ['' Jesus saith to Peter, ' Feed my lanit. St shepherd to my sheep. Tied my sheep? - John xxi. 15, 16, 17.] 1ST, TO " LADY INQTOBKB," who> ^th the most winning and innocent simplicity, professes to " belong to no Church, in particular,"—the book youmention may be een in the Prahran Library, Prahran Towm all. But " Lady Inquirer" is in error when she supposes that the name of the enowned old queen of oities, Rome, is " only name devoid of meaning." Quite the ontrary. The name has a deep and ignificant meaning. For 1003 years Rome was the chief city and seat of government to he mightiest of pagan empires. For more han 1000 years Rome has been the etropolis of a far more mighty empire, the Catholic Church, with citizens whose census umbers 230,000,000. In the Greek laauage Pf/xij, Rome, means power: strength\ ower to conquer and to govern; strength o sustain and to endure. This is the meanng of the ^word Bo me. Strength : powet- " Lady Inquirer," don't forget it. 2ND, TO "TOWM MISSIONARY," ho " thinks that, when ,the inspired Word f God is silent about Peter's presence at ome, no amount of uninspired testiony can prove that he was there." To one who " thinks" thus, nothing but the voiae f an archangel from heaven would have any hance of being listened to. The force of eason or the cogency of historic argument would be foolishness. " Town Missionary's" opinion is in reality the inveterate couoentration of the whole Pro:estant logic of the case; a combination of educational prejudioa and moral prepossession that only the grace of God can overcome. Passing all that is mere caviling or unconscious ignorance in " Town Missionary's" letter, I have to say, 1st—that Pope Ulement, whom historians generally distinguish as Clemens liomanm. Clement, the Roman, was the fellowlabourer of St. Paul; the b-io\red friend of that apostle. St. Paul tells us (Phil. iv. 3) that his " name was written in the Book e£ Life" (Rev. xx. 12). "Town Missionary" must allow that St. Paul's words were inspired words, and that-the Christain minis- ' ter of whom St. Paul speaks with so much ap* probation wouldnot write a wiliiul falsehood. Now this saintly Clement of Rome, in A.B. 93-4, received a letter from the Jttiahop of Corinth, requesting assistance aud advioe concerning a disturbance that had occurred in the Church at Corinth. In this letter the Bishop of Corinth alludes to the well-knowm fact that the apostles (Peter and Paul) had died at Rome. In writing back to the Bishop of Corinth, Clement, the Pope and Bishop of Rome says, in effect, yes, the apostles suffered here at Romq. Now, will " Town Missionary" asseit that the holy Clement of Rome, whose name was written in the Book of Lite, told a lie when he said that Peter and Paul suifered at Rome ? Ther® is no dispute about the letter of Clement. He Bent it by his trusted friend and legate, Fortunatus, another of St. Pauls fellowlabourers and missionary companions. The letter of Clement was read openly in the public servioe of the Church, afc Corinth as inspired scripture for more than 200 years afterwards, as well as in other churches of Greece. It was so read in the time of Eusebius, the ecclesiastical historian, who speaks of it as a fact that was visible and palpable to all. Eusebius quotes it in his history as an undoubtedly genuine and authentic document, and we know that it was written by a Bishop of Rome so full of the grace of God that the Holy Ghost, by the pen of St. Paul, assures us his name was written in the Book of Life. Did he then.' write a lie about Peter and Paul being martyred at Rome? I beg " Town Missionary' ' to understand that 1 do not in the finfc instance refer to Clement's epistle as a proof of these apostles' death at' Rome." I adduce it first of all to prove that the fact of Peter and Paul's death at Rome was widely and well knowm when St. Clement wrote, in A.D. 93-4. The Church at Corinth knew it, and Corinth wail a seaport, where ships irom Rams and from the West, and ships from Asia Minov, Syria, Palestine, and Egypt, met and exchanged 'cargoes and passengers. Being known at Corinth, I take leave to believe Peter's death at Rome was known everywhere in A.D. 93-6. Evidently Town Missionary" has never read Eusebius, or Socrates, or Sozomen, or Theedoret; and he does not appear to have considered the repu tation of Clement as one of the holiest men, who would not write a falsehood. Clement, as a native of Rome, as the disciple of St. Peter, as Peter's deaoqn,, aind then JM coadjutor,' was fully acquaintedwith ali .that had befallen 'his dear tod honoured friand, and father, tu>d predecessor. Clement lived with Peter,- learn^d tojln him, loVed$im *a his own )ife., After [ZAnns andAaaoletaeJuV suooeeded to Peter^vOhoir.; Ha aUty^fcsWT been, "present in the mowdi whenfecer wM' c'ruoified !.'}o make * Roman (pagan) hafcday." His sa&f; ^vn been *be Jtitofonttatft' tookip ^eb^Vdeag; boiyand washed t * 'itto ^he^aw. He i <• Clement's epistle is historic demonstration— ^st. That Peter died at Home. 2nd. That 4He<3bristiin Churoh >in;Corinth believedthat he died there; but, if the Christians of Corinth knew: of it, all Christians must have also "known. It was as absolutely impossible That Clement could be ignorant of St. Peter's fate, as it would be for Archbishop Vauphan at Sydney to be ignorant of the fate of Archbishop folding. Peter's death was not a deed done in a corner. Peter was ringleader jof- the Christians, and., his name notorious ' among the pagan Roman police. Then, the i tclM of being tried before, and sentenced by, ' the emperor himself would go in a thousand .letters from Rome, by the majl boats, to "Alexandria, Palestine, Syria, Asia Minor, •Greece, Spain, Gaul, Carthage, everywhere ; just as we send letters and news by our mail -about bushrangers, or about the " atrocities" of the Berry Government, home to England and elsewhere. Peter was always, from his 'position, an object of pious solicitude to the 'whole Christian community. When Herod .(Acts xii.) cast .Peter into prison, " prayer was made by the Church for him;" and the miracle of his escape would spread rapidly into all lands and render him more than ever the centre of Christian interest, sympathy, and .admiration. Was Clement uninformed of St. Peter's career ? Clement had been an intimate friend of St. Mark the Evangelist, whom Peter sent over to Alexandria as first fcishop. Clement was fully informed of everything conneoted with Peter, and Clement's epistle is proof that he knew where Peter died. Even the laity of any diocese are well informed of all the pastoral and offioial acts of their bishop. If the Archbishop of Melbourne were to be crucified in Melbourne, who in all Melbourne would be unacquainted with the fact? So ill .the Christians at Rome, in a.d. 67-8, knew that St. Peter was crucified at Home; and in three months the news would be mattered over the whole Christian world. So that the universal knowledge of the fact begem with the death of Peter, and not later. Clement's letter being genuine and authentic, proves the fact and the universal belief in 4..D. 93-6. 2nd. Papias, Bishop of Hieropolis, in Asia Minor, relates the fact in his Expositions. Hieropolis was 1500 miles from Borne. . How did Papias, a bishop, come to know the fact? He was born within 20 years of St. Peter's death. He was a youth of 15, or more, when St. John the Evangelist died. Papias tells us lie had conversed with several of the ApoBtles and with many others who had seen our Lord when on. earth. Papias . had doubtless seen St. John. He was a disciple of Polycarp, Bishop of Smyrna. Polycarpjwas ordained Bishop of Smyrna by St. John. Papias was Ordained bishop'by Polycarp, the mend and fellow-labourer of St. John. ftipias enjoyed the society of Philip the Evangelist and his daughters (Acts xxi., 8, 9,10) at Hieropolis. He knew the history of oua Lord's life from those who had been disoiples and martyrs. Is Papias the author of thr report that Peter died at Rome F If so, how did Papias, a bishop in a remote Phygian diocese, persuade the whole world to believe his report. Papias learned the fact from the oificial letters which each church was in the habit of sending te. other churches when any of'their bishops had 'been martyred. He heard it from St. John and from Polycarp; who knew. He heard it, no doubt, from Christians who had come from .Rome, and Jirho had boen eye witnesses of his death. There was a constant migration in those days of artisans, goldsmiths, sculptors, silk and fruit merchants, between ' Rome and Corinth and Ephesus and ColosBe and {Smyrna. Polycarp himself, Bishop of Smyrna, went once to Rome to confer with fee " Pope about the • keeping of Easter. Polycarp got his information at Rome, and from'Polycarp,, as another source of intelligence, Papias knew that Peter died at Rome tod had been Bishop of Rome. 3rd. Irenoeus, another friend and fellow-labourer of Polycarp's, informs us that Peter and Paul Buffered at Rome. Ireneeus, at the suggestion bf Polycarp, went as missionary into France, Here he became Bishop of Lyons. He also visited Bome to confer with the. Pojpe about the keeping of Easter Day. At Rome he copied the records of the Roman Cnurch, and thus acquaints us that Peter and Paul had been, put to death at Bome, Aid sets Peter first on the list of Roman Bishops. These three, Clement, Papias, Irenseua, all'bear testimony in their writings to'' the fact—1st, that Peter ' was . at Rome, was first Bishop of |£qme .and died at Rome; 2nd, they prove that tlie fact of Peter's ..dea&, at .Romp was known as yell in', France as in Asia Minor ; known all oyer^he.CHristain world; known from tlie time'e^is crucifixion. Then, Hegesippris/who -^as many years at Itome. arid Justo Mariyn; and Qrigen, all men of greiat ieaifniiig," and several others, testify to the universal belief of the fact. " Town Missionary!' should .read a 'few- pages of mesB-^Titers—if oily to be able to repeat ^ tertiabetof the question. ., I cannot part 5F 1 . £ " without , qupting feom St.' GprysostBm's thirty;-sfjcpnd fiimSy.. AHudarfct^theblessedriess «f l (fl»:cfe&SwM;,; Cl4rkl.br Matt briefly. I tugfceut to-" &toe; Rome, which.be has proved in the affirmative with a force of historic indnotion that no Protestant has ever shaken. Dr., Cave, another Protectant divine, has also written on the dispute, with an unans werable and candid conclusion. "'Stockrider" should read these two Protestant "theologians,"- arid reconcile them with 'Adam Clarke and Michaelis if he can. Dr. Lardner's treatise may then be taken . up, and then Dr. Conybeare and Dr. Howeon, ro arid con. But when all these have been gone through, " Stockrider" will be &b; far from the purely Catholio thesis ss ever. No Protestant' can' ever write a Catholio book, or compose Catholio musio. No Protestant oan write up to the Catholio idea of St. Feter. " Stockrider" is the very lowest of high Anglican Chnrohmen. Let him remember that all General Councils have acknowledged that Peter was at Bome. All General Councils have assembled on the hypothesis that Peter v?as at Rome. The very assembling of a General Counoil ie a traditional oonciliary proof that Peter wbb at Bome. All the German emperors np to the "'Reformation" styled themselves defenders of the patrimony of St. Peter. All European kings in the feudal ages held as itft of the See of Peter. A thousand Synods have hailed the Bishop of Bome as Peter the Apostle. St. Cyprian, St. Augustine, the Donatiste, the Aliens, the Eastern congregations who resisted the decrees of the Eoman Pontiff concerning Easter Day, all believed and acknowledged that Peter spoke by the Bishop of Rome, and that be was to be listened to as the sncicessor of Peter in the see of Bome. " Stockrider" may oogitate theBe statements as he threads his solitary way along his distant boundaries. 4th, To "An Old Colleoiau." One expeots great and good as well as great things from a correspondent using the venerable signature of " An Old Collegian." Bat yoa seem to have forgotten the tradition that preceded the death) of the Prince of the Apostles, and regarded only the tradition that followed from the date of his death, let. I wholly dissent from the view that the tradition whioh suooeeded his death " took centuries to mature." I regard this as the most flagrant of fallaoieB. Peter'B death was known of to all Christians in Afrioa, Asia, and Europe, within a few months. In Europe it would be known in a few weeks. Let ns suppose (Dit aveztite fj that the Bight Bev. Dr. Moorhouse were - to be seized on by a Catholio mob and cruoified here by them, in this city of Melbourne: how long would it be before the news reached Sydney, and New Zealand; and Adelaide, and Perth, and Hobart Town, and Ceylon, and Madras, and Caloutta, and England. The news would reach all tne world as quickly as the mail and wires oould carry it. And just so did the news of St Peter's oruoifixion spread into all oouritries under the old Roman Empire. It wasn't St. Clement's letter to Corinth, or tbe Expositions of Papius, or the Essays of Ireneeas, or the History of Hegesippus, or the Commentaries of Origen, or the Epistle of Dionysius that made known the faot of St. Peter's death at Bome to all the world. All the world knew of the Apostle's death twenty yean or fifty years "before any of these early fathers of the Churoh wrote one word about his death. They only allude to tbe fact as an event that everybody had.heard-of sinoe a.d. 67 or 68. But now let 'us turn to, the gospel of St. John, ohapter xxi., verses 17,. 18, 19, and thus we read:— 17\. "JeBus saith unto Peter, Feed my 18\. " Verily, verily I.say unto thee, When thou wast young thou girdedst thyself and walkedst whither thou wouldsfc; but when thou shalt be old thou shalt stretch forth thy hands and another shall gird thee , and carry thee whither thou wouldatnot." 19\. Thus spake Jesus, signifying by what death Peter Bhould glorify God." Here, then, we have the tradition precedent of Peter's death. Our Lord here foretells hirri, in the presence of all the disciples, that he should die by the Cross. It is a mistake to suppose that criminals were always nailed on to the CroEs. The Cross was used mostly for the execution of the lowest malefactors and' 1 the slaves. Among. the Pagan Romans' every large farmer or land proprietor had- acrosfe ereoted on their^ estate, close by the ergastulum, or working house,- and on this cross the farmer or, land owner, cruoified ;his own slaves' when they were refractory, being his own judge, jury, and lawyer. The slaves; were mostly tied on by the'Wrists and ankles to the crpss, which was of theformof the lb'tter X. It is to this " girditag" or tying Oh our Lord' refers. It was thus' St.' Andrew had been ^ruoifiefl' near Pa'tris,' in GreeOe; and it was thus St. Peter was crnoified at Bome, and7 by' his" o.wn requeBt,..withJiiB head downwards.' 8oineti«ries f the viotitns were. tbifee or .four days ttafitfed on thW QcpBB. r It was ;beoause our Lord tad been nailed, m bis Cross thathedipd so «oon fhe soldierajfqtind Mmdeadialready.by loss of hlpo^.,, Bp^.^p • tvfp, itiiem .who; w«e etUl. alive,^hen jthe. Boldiera'came,' abd'sO;the soidfers with sh " hfeavy cfulbB, Hjlike' the ihleves'ligs, mi l accelekaVed J Thi' WtblacLrilviin' ihuiihS'^ottia |)e J 4tfatfe "iof' r <}tii ; Wirl prophio^xrfesp6erin^;' : Sti J 'Piter's 111 Hi)**',' andgiti yttxKwrtjt* ^i^nftftien^df'^iiirf •ttdj ^IMSS. lOHte^fctnut iof Pistefe^fh uCttnlroH whenJht fihriatiiRUiiiwwd I "".^flSSie^UengwlPope and Bishop of Bome to be called Peter's saooeseor at Bome; and no city or town ever olaimed the honour 1 of 'being the scene of his cruoifiiion only Bome ; and the unanimous voioe of the whole Christian world, since A.n. 67-8, has declared Bome to be the plaoe where Peter was tied or " girded" to the Cross, bb our Lord foretold. 5lH, TO " A SOBIPTUEE BEiDKE." Yon say that there is no test in the New •Testame to show that Peter i * ' was in Home. I answer; that this way fating the case is, to my mind, an evasion. You only repeat Wyolifi's objection. Now, 1st. This objection was never raised for 1400 years after Peter's death. 2nd. Up to i d, 1850-60 the whole world believed that Peter was at Bome. No one ever argued that Peter sat still in a house all tbe six-and- twenty years he was personally Pope and Bishop of Bome; or that he never went outside the oity walls. He did go outside. He made many journeys up and down Italy; he went acrosB to Greece; he preached in Gaul, and may have visited England. DionysiuB, Bishop of Corinth, tells us St. Peter and St. Paul met once at least at Corinth, and left Corinth together by the same ship for Rome. This was after Nero in a mad freak set Bome on fire, and then blamed the arson on the Christians. And it is not improbable but that Peter was condemned as having a hand in setting the oity on fire. 2nd. We know from several ancient fathers that the early Christians applied the name of Babylon to. Rome. St. Peter, in his first.general epistle, tells the Christians in Asia Minor that the " Church at Babylen saluted them." St. Peter thus dates his letter at Rome under the name of Babylon, and consequently was in Rome, and most probably in the Mamertine Prison, when he wrote hiB epistle. 3rd. St. Paul tells the Romans, chap, xvi., verse 19, "• For. (the fame of) your obedience is come abroad unto all men." That is, their obedience to. the rules and doctrines and pastors of the Churoh. Now, if we should say the faith and obedience of the Catholics in Dublin had gone abroad over the whole Catholic Churcb, could anyone separate Cardinal Cutlen from such commendation. No. To name the Catholics of Dublin as a glorious example of liberality, or of attachment to their religion, would at the same time bring to the minds of all men the fact that Cardinal Cullen is the chief pastor of the Church eo highly praised. And so when St. Paul tells the Christians at Rome that their faith and obedience were affectionately and honourably spoken of throughout the whole Christian world, that whole world could not be ignorant of the name of the chief pastor, and that that pastor was no other than Peter the Apostle. Who does not know when the Catholics in London are spoken of that Cardinal Mann ng is their chief pastor. So was it with Rome and the holy Apostle Peter. 6th, to an " Ieish Peotkstant." Do you mean that "Nelson's Pillar" in Sackville-street, Dublin, proves that no such man as Lord Nelson ever lived. The " Pillar " is an architeetural tradition that he did live. Not one in a million saw Wellington at Waterloo, yet all the millions believe he was there, 18th June, 1815.. Only few thousand persons saw St. Peter crucified, but all the .Christian world believed, in a.d. 69-70, that he was crucified at Rome,; and the Christians who untied Peter's'deiad body from the cross, and buried it on the Vatican Hill, would know where they buried it—once known, the spot could never be forgotten. P.S.—Having thus answered my correspondents without the least intention of giving them offence, I will state that the apostate Gavazzi and another Protestant sent a' challenge in 1872 to the Catholic clergy of Rome, arid invited them to discuss the'question in "Bome, whether St Peter was ever there. ' The challenge was accepted. A crowded meeting was held on three' evenings. • Prince Chigi presided. The admission was by tickets. In suinmirig. up '6n -the'third evening,' Professor Guidi -replied'to Gavazzi, and, amidst Rapturous' applause, bo mauled and battered Gavazzi'e objections, that po further discussion has been asked for Binqe. When anyone asks if Peter; the Apostle was ever at Bome, the previous question should j>e raised, whether: there.ever ^ras any suohoity as Roipe. The oie question is bb , wise, •. pertinen t, and profitable as the' ptlier.' , , , : 'i4thMaJr,i8'7S: ijroaaroi.. . ME^'diJians, JPofipfcMx,-r-An; attempt was „ jja^nnTue^da^, at'/i.meeting,pi ;the| com-, mittee of management .of u'e "Melbourne Hospital,' tb^effect auch an alteration, 'in the rrde'regulatfag the ; eleotioti bf the indent medical staff,-as wtould permit of candidates' for: that position -being' selected' froiri' - men' outside the Melbourne - University' -The motion to alter the rule was.pjit.aiid lost, so that the Melbourne "University .graduates gttirpobseas8 a 1 monoptttyW^e^patiini 15 f Tsi nineteenth 1 d'entjuy'! is : ii^naiised' by20Iiiameathat hiVe pMsfed thepi'oties? 6f •cannoriisktioribr •bfeailtificiation; Ofth^k^ ieaiwere miwtSrrs^ 'Of-thfe-' whole ririiiflfet' SOibelonged'tot theCterfei'r'^^^ri^iliifV aSioItalyi; 2B to>JVanlSff^ J10"td''<5hlilfi , r fciitoi,Cochin <oaeito ^dland!.'>.' ia. ^iHi jbi^rr. ijifl^eideadietkatuiligMi htuia^'ih^.'to 