dtytfrat Jitftlligemft. - At Inglewood (Victoria), a woman was im prisoned one month -for stealing a billy, value sixpence: The financial world has been shocked (savs 'the New York correspondent of the/S. M. Herald) by an unusually- numerous series of heavy fail ures, marked as usual by the very worst features. The principal ones are those of Albert Nutter and Co. and John Bonner. Both firms were in the banking and broking bnsiness, and the latter gentleman was the. president of the Brokers and Bankers' Bank. In each case the transaction was of the same character. Both firms were large lenders of money, and they were accus tomed, after making a loan of say seventy-five per cent, upon'good collateral, to repledge the securities for a sum near the- market place. Bonner not only rehypothecated securities given him as collateral, but mixed them up in diff erent parcels so ingeniously that the real owners have had very great difficulty in discovering where they were. Unfortunately, the, commer cial law in America is very confused, and there is already the certainty of dozens of suits grow ing out of the frauds. He is supposed to have carried away with him about 200,000 dollars. Then one of the Excise Commissioners has run off with 40,000 dollars -paid -to his account by liquor dealers for licenses ; and yesterday, a note broker, named Dunning, failed — but honorably — for 900,000 dollars. This last failure will cer tainly be succeeded by many more necessarily growing out of it. The Dubbo Express says The wonderful grass-growing capabilities of the Dubbo and Macquarie district generally have long been known. To any but the old settler and the long experienced traveller, however, the reality ex ceeds, probably anything that could be imagined. At the meeting of the N. W. Pastoral and Agri cultural Society, on Tuesday, Mr. N. K. M'Diar- mid, of the Bank of New South Wales, exhibited a specimen of grass that fairly astonished even those who have been resident in this district. The specimen exhibited comprised twenty stalks, each of which measured five feet eleven inches, or one inch short off six feet. The grass is of a Brazilian species, and seems to be well adapted for a dry climate, as the grower says that it even shot up during the drought, and when everything else was dead. The remarkable circumstance of the existence and exhibition of > the specimen under notice is that it has sprouted and attained its remarkable height since the rain, or in about three weeks time. It is strong, but not coarse, with a large flag, $nd seems an excellent fodder plant. ' , We have actually, been honoured (says the Moruya Examiner) by the presence of a count and nobody knew it. He professed to be a dis ciple of Esculapius, but is purely philanthropical as far as regards his profession. He acknow ledges to be in the receipt of a pension of £900 a year from the French Government/and also to being hand and glove with her Majesty the Queen, through whose influence the colonial authorities have been instructed to forward his family wherever he desires under police escort. He confined his attention while here, to one par ticular business — spunging — and honoured one publican with a prety fair order gratis. We were much concerned at hearing that he met with an accident while on a mission of philan thropy and loaded with bottles of medicine. He fell into the river, and getting bogged, he with great difficulty released himself. But a greater misfortune awaited him ; he was ignominiously ordered from -the house of one to whom he was about to become a benefactor. Who can wonder that he kicked the. dust from off 'his feet aDd cleared out ? It is to be hoped our friends south will be on the look out and receive him in a manner suitable to his rank and great accom plishments. The New York correspondent of the Daily News writes : — London society, if we are correctly in formed on this side of the water, has heard and seen a great deal at various times of the rich and dashing American widow, Mrs. Hicks, whose name has been mentioned in/connection with "certain marriageable members of the -British aristocracy, and whose entertainments in the British capital were recently described at stu pendous length in the society journals. London will perhaps be interested, therefore, in the ex traordinary incident which has made her, for the. first time in her life, the talk of New York. She returned from Europe only a few months ago, anl on the strength of her assumed successes in London, she would perhaps have taken a pro- minet position in society at home, but for this 'unexpected event.. For on the last day of the year she eloped with a wealthy widower of 83, and the first intimation of the nuptials conveyed even to the six sons and daughters of the happy man was a notice in the morning papers that 'Thomas Lord had been duly married by his Emi nence Cardinal M'Oloskey to Annette Wilhelm- ina Wilkins Hicks. Except for the trifling cir- cnmstance that Mr. Lord is more than an octo genarian, with considerably more than one foot in the grave, the wedding was deliciously ro mantic. It was performed quietly — I may say secret — at the Cardinal's house ; the bride and groom immediately disappeared, and nobody knows what has become of them. Mr. Lord has a fortune of about a million and a half dollars, mostly in city real estate. He is very infirm ; be has bad one stroke of paralysis, and it would appear from recent statements that he has been for a long time incapable of managing his own affairs. The age of Mrs. Hicks is said to be forty- three. Immediately on the discovery of the marriage the sons of Mr. Lord applied to the, Courts for a commission de lunaiico inquirendo , supporting it by some very curious affidavits,/ and the writ was promptly granted. Mr. Lord in the meantime is enjoined from parting with any of his property. It is ascertained, however, that he has recently converted various securities into cash, and drawn considerable sums of money from the bank, of which no trace can be found. . The contemplated marriage of H.R.H. the Princess Beatrice of England and-William, Prince of Orange, was the subject of a telegram appear ing in a recent issue. It will be.remembered (says the Courier) that the Princess is the youngest daughter of her Majesty, and the only one of the princesses still unmarried. She was born April 14, 1857. Williamj Pripce of Orange is the heir-apparent to the Crown of the Nether lands, and from the " Statesman's Year Book" we learn that he was born September 4, 1840, and is at present admiral lieutenant in the navy of his native country. He receives 100,000 guilders, or £8333, per annum from the allow ances made for the members of the royal family. The family of Oranga. are in possession of a very large private fortune acquired in greater part by King. William I. in the prosecution of vast enterprises tending to amplify the commerce of the Netherlands. .Of the character of 'the in tended husband of the Princess Beatrice we have no information that would warrant us in forming a decided . opinion", but lately some English and some American papers have des cribed the King of Holland as a sot and a rou&, and have 'asserted that the heir-aparentis a com bination of sot, roue, and simpleton. We hope it is not true,- as Princess Beatrice is said, to be one of the cleverest and most amiable members of the royal family, and much too good to he thrown away on a fellow of that sort, if he were heir-apparent to fifty Dutph Crowns. The Maitland Mercury states that the only reply received to the challengs of R. F. Watson to run Applett of Forbes, Carver pf Moree, or any other man in the colonies, in M&itland;, 200 yards, for £200 or upwards a-side, has been an advertisement signed by Applett, accepting the challenge on condition that the race takes place in Sydney, and that his expenses are allowed. It is not likely (our contemporary says) that our local ilian will accept those terras, it is not to be expected that he would bewilling to pay Applett's expenses to come to Sydney, and also have to pay his own expenses to go there and meet him, 0 The Goulburn Herald gives the following ghost story : — Lately there has beenNsome ex citement amongst the superstitious, numbers of whom 'go off in parties, with guns, &c.;, to the range above Stewart's garden, where there is an unfinished stone house. Here an apparition is said to make its appearance in the form of a light, and to travel, sometimes very slowly, and frequently veiy quickly, from the river bank just below, up to, and around the ,house, then varying the performance by a turn among the trees. This is said to be kept up from an early hour in the evening until about 3 in the morn ing ; all endeavours to get near the light, are said to prove futile. On Monday evening a number of persons visited the vicinity, and a group congregated on Church- hill to/view the light, which it is said was plainly visible, though the distance is considerable. The residents of the Old Township and near the range are satis fied that there is no practical joke about the affair. ' During the passage from Cooktovm to Bris bane, Captain D. Owen made the following dis covery, particulars of which he placed at the disposal of the Brisbane Courier : — " On coming to anchor at No. 2. Percy Island, on the 4th instant, for shelter, we were- boarded by two men in a canoe from the Island, where they told us they had lived for the past two years ; and inviting the captain ashore, he ordered the boat to be lowered, and: taking some five passengers and myself ashore we were shown by- the lands men a well which they had sunk at the edge of a mangrove swamp where the tide ebbs and-flows making it convenient for ships boat to- receive fresh water without being chrried. We also inspec-' ted thedwelling of a vegetable garden, whichpro- duces the best of vegetables and fruit, and saw something like 100 goats and sheep, these par ties telling us they, were in a position to supply vessels calling in there with almost everything. After spending an hour ifi conversation with' these' parties, we returned to the vessel." Sir Samuel -Wilson has received a telegrain from London, stating that his Ercildoun wool has averaged 46 pence per pound, the highest" price hitherto obtained for wool having been 53 pence. :The Monnt'Bute wool averaged 33 pence, the highest price being 48 pence. Other tele grams state that greasy wool from the Western districts of Victoria realised 16 to 20 pence 3 farthings per pound, and western washed 35 pence 3 farthings to 41 pence 3 farthings. The stakes won at the late. V.R.C. Autumn Race Meeiing were paid over on the 11th inst. The principal winners were : — C. B. Fisher, £1937 ; J. Wilson, £1455 ; A. Davis, £910 ; J. White, £552 ; T. Elder, £312 ; and — Martin, £442. The total paid over Avas £8,030. In June last we stated that Mr. W. Gilligan of Jembaicumbene, had started for ' Bowen; North Queensland, with a large mob of cattle for Mr. C. A. Massey's new station near that place. He arrived there in seven months and a half, and notAvithstandmg the dreadful drought that then prevailed, and the privations which he, his men, and the cattle under his charge had to un dergo, the trip was a most successful one, and highly satisfactory to hisemplayer. He returned home a few weeks ago;' and is now about to start for the Bogan with tent thousand sheep, the pro perty of Mr. George Osborne, of FoxIoav, when, having delivered them, he Avill take charge of a thousand head of catLle for a station on the Diamantina River, which is about 250 miles to the northAvard of the place Avhere he delivered the mob at the end of the pastyear.— Braidwood Dispatch. > , A telegram from Melbourne, dated Thursday, in. thes Herald , says : — BetAveen 12 and 1 this morning an extraordinary outbreak occurred amongst the boys confined in the reformatory at Pentridge Stockade. 'About forty boys .de fended the place for upAvards of an hour against a number of warders. A number of missiles were thrown, and several of the warders hurt. Blank cartridge av&s; fired amongst the boys, and the hose waB turned on, and thejr only received the volleys with, shouts of confidence. . Finally, one of the warders, with an axe, contrived to smash the lock of an iron gate which the boys' were defending; and. a simultaneous rush being made, an entrance was gained. A large number of ringleaders were handcuffed and the lot were locked up for the night. Several of the warders received nasty cuts, and some of the boys were injured. The cause of the disturbance is at pre sent unknown. A serious boat accident iR re ported to have occurred in the bay at 8 o'clock to-night, The boat of a man named Robert Sago, said to have been full of passengers, Avas run doAvn by the steamer Resolute. Sago was seen to be killed by a BIoav from the paddle of the' steamer, but it is not known yet what has become of the others. The night Avas dark and/ .rainy. The only pasenger in the boat, besides the boatman, was Mr. W, Yuilie,.jun., Avho was going off to the Whampoa, to see his father (Mr. W- G. Ynille) off to London. 