Our Adelaide .better. From Oi:r Own Correspondent. Adelaide, September 3rd. Yesterday was a splendid day for the Eight Hours celebration, and some ten thousand celebratists in all are estimated to have turned out for a day's pleasure. There were three distinct parties: the Pioneers of the movement at Port Adelaide, who, to the number of about 3000 went in the steamers Adelaide and Eleanor, to spend a joliy day on Torrens Island. A septate party of 1300 or 1400, made up a picnic to Gaskmore Park, the residence of Mr. H. A. Short; and the largest gathering of all took place on the Exhibition grounds, where about 6000 assembled. There was a concert, followed by a ball, at the Town Hall, Adelaide, in the evening. The day seems to have been thoroughly enjoyed by those who went holiday-making. The usual sports, with some few novelties being carried out everywhere with great zest. Bands of music accompanied the parties, and dancing was indulged in by hundreds of young couple6 during the day. Several very handsome banners were carried in the procession through the city, that of the masons being a particularly grand one ; it cost over £70. I saw three natives marching along Bundle Street in the morning, with a yellow banner between two poles which I suppose had been given to amuse them. Their following was not great, feut they seemed very well pleased as they proceeded iu the direction of the Exhibition Building. 1 have just been told that a gentlemen has lately made his appearance in Adelaide so much like one who left here in cloudy weather abont ten years ago, that some friends of the original man have gone up to and addressed the new man by the name of the old one, but he does'nt acknowledge the patromymic. It is rather singular though, the name he goes by is the same as the maiden name of the former man's wife. Some persons who knew the original, swear the recent arrival is the same, so there seems to be the making of a comedy of errors. I have not heard of anything being discover ed about the missing man, Myles Gavanagh, who di-appeared so mysteriously a year and eight months ago. It sometimes happened when he Victorian Diggings were at their best, that persons disappeared from Adelaide and were reported to be dead, yet after « convenient lapse of time, I have known some of them return to the scene of their former toils and sorrows, " not like their ghosts or disembodied spirits, but with their flesh and bones and limbs and features.'' There is some little cban ceof another at # tempt being made to open King William St once more through the centre of "Victoria Square. If open from North to South Terrace it would add greatly to the appearance of the city, and King William Street woald be one of the handsomest thoroughfares in any colonial city. The Adelaide and Suburban Tramway is steadily and satisfactorily progressing ; the numbers conveyed between the city and Kensington last week was 16,581—the largest number yet, except in the week when the Prince's Birthdaj r brought out so many holiday makers. The success of this, our first street tramway will probabfy induce the extension of similar lines to other suburbs, as Magill, Payneham, Enfield, Walkerville, &c.; The first rail of the Unley and Mitcham line was laid on Monday by Mr. T. King, M.P., and the Hindmarsh Line is to be commenced soon. As often happens, the first that starts is more costly in its establishment than others that follow, and probably this will prove the case with our local tramways. But even at the present rate, the Adelaide and Suburban are making a^out 7i per cent, over and about working expenses and cost of maintenance; and I have no doubt they will soon increase their profits to 10 per cent. It has so far been a very expensive line, quite as much so as a light locomotive railway. It will be a fine thing when we get tramways laid from the city to the foot of the hills, so that person can with less difficulty have their dwellings four or five miles out of town, and go home to purer, fresher air than enn be found in the city. In one of our beautiful suburbs, Mr. A. B. Murray has promised to let on a long lease, at a peppercorn rent, a fine picce of land—some six or eight acres, as a recreation ground for the inhabitants of Magill and its neighborhood. The wool season seems likely to be early this year ; a week or more ago two hundred bales were brought down the Murray to Goolwa, and within the past few davs a small cargo was received at Port Adelaide from the "Western District, and some dray-" loads have come down from the North East (Onlnina) to the Bnrra. The clip generally promises to be very good. The wheat also is generally said to look exceedingly well; but from two or three places there are reports of red rust in selfsown crops and wild oats (sarve 'em right), and of " take all " about Mallala. I think it is too early for genuine redrnst such as would affect the grain of wheat. Wa shall soon.be wanting more rain, and there are already indications of an approaching change of weather The Western Australians are a?ain about to send out their bold and successful explorer, Mr. Forrest, from Perth to try %he country in a north- easterly direction, and they anticipate some important discoveries will be made. A party is also about to start from Port Darwin, in search of country in the Northern Territory, for runs for Sir Thomas Elder. We shall ere long find our knowledge of this great continent increasing far more rapidly than it has yet done. If the more liberal laws introduced by the Government for encouratrinv 11m settlement of the country nre carried,- the proeress of discovery will be tn«re marked : and as settlement is pushed farther into the interior, many fresh starting points will be established. from which to send out new expeditions, or they will .form depots for future exploring parties. Tuesday next week is the day for the election of four members for the Legislative Council. Np verv exciting interest is displayed in the contest 3t present, but it may a sporting man. but T should feel tolerably safe in betting on two of the candidates, Mr. Henry Scott and Mr. John Hodgkiss ; and after them T should not like to lay long odds as to who the other two would be. There are several good men t-> choose from, and we can only hople that the best will be returned. The election for a member for Noarlunga in place of the Hon. J. Colton, seems to be exciting comparatively little interest at present. The only two men w'^ose names have as yet been publicly mentioned are the irrepressible James Jones, billsticker. and Mr. J. C. Minns, the latter of whom has received a numerously-signed requisition from the district, but is taking a day or two to eon» sider his reply. I expect some pretty good local man will be brought forward: or if not, two or three others will be asked to effer their services. There is to be a meeting at Noarlunj?a on Wednesday evening, and I may be. able to telegraph you something more definite on Thursday. 