RECOLLECTIONS OF A SEPTUAGENARIAN. CHAPTER XXXV. POSTAL COMMUNICATION. Immigrants to Australia at the present time can gather from their own experience no adequate idea of the sense of isolation from matters European which on arrival was felt by pioneers of 38 or 4.0 years ago. In those days of sailing vi'-csela from three to six months were occupied in the voyage hither, and any tidings of the world left behind might arrive at any unindicated date thereafter. Twelve months was the average period calculated, to elapse between written communication with Europe and receipt of letters in reply. Consequently anxious surmises that could not then be " wired' over the intervening semicircle relating to aged, sick, or peculiarly circumstanced relatives or friends wearied the settler's mind for mouths. Perhaps no department of the social advancement which, has been, achieved during the last three-quarters of a century has made itself more obvious than that which has been devoted to the virtual annihilation of distance and the facilitating of intercourse between widely separated nations and individuals. Post-Office arrangements in England even fifty or sixty years ago were sad" bungling affairs. Relatives in rural districts residing comparatively only a few,miles apart seldom heard of each other-perhaps during an interval of years. At that time very few of the English peasantry could write, and it was a very extraordinary occasion that could induce them to employ . an amanuensis. Even when letters were sent, slow carts and lazy boys on horseback, leaving out of the question boggy -roads and occasional floods, rendered the news Bomewhat antiquated. Then the frequent petty vexations which occurred in relation to postage, which/waa sometimes paid by the sender of the.letter, .sometimes by 1 its recipient if found,* were very Inconvenient. When subsequently public: attention was earnestly given to teaching the masses to write and to read manuscript the necessity for adopting some system for the exchange of letters became imperative, and necessity in. that case as in others became the mother of invention. That much inconvenience should have been felt in the earl; days of this colony in regard to communication with "home" was inevitable. How that ^rord " home" clings to us old folk even now! When eur immediate descendants use the word it will indicate the country to which we have brought them, or in which they have been born.; and thus it should be. Sometimes the non-arrival of letters, at others their long- detention on the way, were subjects for complaint in Adelaide. On the other hand -people at home who wanted all possible information about the new and paradoxical territory complained that their friends here were not sufficiently prompt in their communications. Apart from South Australia or Australia at large complaints of the forgetfulnesB or negligence of emigrating connections are probably as antiquated as the invention of: ships—certainly as ancient as the art of writing. That, the charge is fame as regards moBt men who expatriate themselves to distant and savage countries cannot be denied, They promptly communicate the fact of their arrival, add a few letters at lengthening intervals, and then subside into Bilence. However inexcusable this conduct may be it is by no means unaccountable. Lord Byron wrote, with a lamentable absence of charitable feeling— " Well, really if a man wont let us know That he's alive, he's dead or should be so!" The charge,-however, applies, although perhaps in a minor degree, to correspondents left in the old couhtry. In many instances it is the departed relative or Mend who realizes the adage, "out of tight out of mind:" Charles Lamb admits and in some degree, accounts and offers excuse for this home: remissness in a letter characteristically rambling and bantering, which lie addressed an awful long while ago to a .friend who had emigrated to New South- Wales. He commences thus:—"My dear F—When I think how welcome the sight of a letter from the world, where you were bom must be . to yon in that .?trange one to which you have been transplanted I feel some compunctious visitinga at my long silence. But, indeed, it is no easy effort to set about a correspondence at our distance. The' weary world of waters between ua oppresses the imagination. It is difficult to conceive how a scrawl of mine should ever stretch across it. It is a, sort of presumption to expect that one's thoughts should live so far. _ It is like writing for posterity, and reminds me of one of. Howe's superscriptions, ' Alcandre to Strephon in the Shades.'" This effect of distance between writer and reader, or rather lapaeof time between the writing andreadmga communication,Lamb illustrates thus:—" What security can I have that what I now send you for truth shall not, before you get it, unaccountably turn into a lie'!? 3?or instance, our Kiutual friend ' P.' is at this present writing — my novo,—in good health and enjoys a fair share of worldly reputation. You are ^glad! to hear it. This is natural and friendly; but at this present reading^-yow now—he -may -poraibly be in the Bench dr going to, be hanged, which in reason tragjit to abate something 'of your transport, i.e., at hearing he was well &c.;, or at least considerably'to modify it.'/ While copying the foregoing I was re minded ithat the .last time 1 was in company with Mr. Lamb the topic Australia" turned up. Neither South Australia imr .Victoria was then thought ef. - I expressed a willingness to emigrate to the great south land, and the amiable essayist denounced the admission with affected Severity. He said when a man, born literature and advancing art and science, deeiredto cross. the world to live with kangsroos he evinced." a .barbarous propensity," He jtindly added, withasignincantglanbe atine, tliatnoitottbt the meaty ones wmild&ie; in character, and be buried in'the stomachs of blackfellows. withfuUforcetothUwUjByFbtfnitwasfirst peopled has now; been ; rendered obsolete. Circular steaming and electric tetegnphs have brought the conflicting itows into much cl^rproriifritjr. NeVertheless the oolonial tardy epfatofemii la entitled to much more allowance than his correspondent on the other side of the globe. Tlit latter remains in his habitual sphere of action ; the. former has entered a newlyorganized community, and is surrounded by unfamiliar circumstances. If head or hands are liis only capital, and especially if a family is dependent on him, while his future is problematical, his present will demand all the efforts of both. Perhaps he writes one or two hopeful letters, and his hopes not being immediately realized desists. His correspondent does the same until he finds the chasm of non-communication has grown so wide that he shrinks from attempting to leap it, and the longer he hesitates the more forbidding does the yawning abyss become. Thus terminate many correspondences, but their termination is rarely if ever attributable to indifference about the country of the colonist's birth. The following verses, written four years after the writer's departure from England, may illustrate the fact. They were composed amid uninfringed bush, between three and four hundred mil as from Adelaide, at the seaside, and within seeing distance of a number oE small islands with beaches smooth- as velvet and white as snow. The writer was alone, and the lines, which are embodiments of real feelings operating at the moment, were pencilled in the rough by moonlight :— HOMEWARD YEARNINGS. The gale of yesterday has died; The brawling winds as death are still; In glassy sleep the waves subside, Outworn, by their own stormy "will; Mute is each vale and tree-clad hill. Save where the wild dog tracks the dew Or, like the voice of sorrow, shrill, ABd sadly plains the lorn curlew. Twilight—day's ghost—scarce seen, is goue; And ocean rolls iu light afar; Swathing, each in its silvery zone. Yon isles, which her loved infants are- Far in heaven's depth gleams many a star— Ah! not the stars my boyhood knew— And mounting o'er the horizon's bar The moon makes pale the cloudless blue. What saw'st thou, Moon, short hoars ago, In my far native hemisphere ? Did kindred TByea gaze from below, And lips sigh—" Would that ha were here ?" Say, didst thou gild that turret sere, "Neath which an old man worn with thought Led my first prayers, and made more dear To all the sacred lore he taught ? Did thy beams clasp that rustic home Bound which a pensive dreaming boy With Shakspeare's magic page I'd roam, . Or snatch from Byron sterner joy ? Where Spenser's rhyme gave sweet employ, Beside the trout- stream in the vale, Do the old elm-trees still decoy The pensive, thence thy rise to hail ? "VYT vt saw'st thou. Moon i my boyhood's friend Companion! 'ueath yon distant sky ? Do forms beloved in old scenes blend ? Does laughter flash from cheek and eye When Christmas mirth is mantling high ? Does still the merry viol sound. And feet as merrily reply Amid the dance's varied round ? Yet say, what saw'st thou ? Eyes grown dim, Though not with age ? And faces pale, Yet not from pain ? And sturdy limb Grown feeble from some unknown ail ? O'er what new grave do mourners wail? Who still endure the ills of life. With strength unbowed or tremors frail ? And who have fled life's feverish strife ? One moment could I doff tins clay And spring forth an unbodied mind, I would outspeed light's swiftest ray. And, leaving thy gross beams behind, Seach scenes by memory enshrined I Shunning the footprints of decay, I'd pause where I might objects find Whose old forms have not passed away ( Fond wish, yet not more fond than vaia! Here, where the savage hath, his home, My soul endures the rambling chain. And scarce on fancy's wings .may roam. What am I? bubble of the foam, Cast on this shore by life's rough sea; An hour to quiver tieath heaven's dome, And then, unnoted, cease to be. In the earlier days of this colony the interest taken in the comparatively rare arrival of vessels from Europe was intense. The exclamation, "A ship in sight," acted with the force of electricity, aad was propelled from teat to cottage until the whole lilliputian. community had become aware of the fact. People got up in the middle of the night however cold, dark, and dirty it might be—walked to the PoBt-Office notwithstanding the unseasonableneps of the hour, and waited until the miilbags were received. That important public establishment was weatherboard cabin of two rooms at the north-eastern corner of King Williamstreet. The business was afterwards removed to somewhat more commodious apartments at the north-western corner of the same street. Then succeeded an unambitious predecessor to our present noble building. In all three localities for several years Captain Watts was the presiding official, one military brother having succeeded another in the office ; and each did his best to alleviate inevitable vexations by uniform courtesy, and by making allowance for unavoidable circumstances. A generation or two back great were the impediments. to communication between relatives and other connections even in Europe; and as a matter of course additions to those inconveniences accrued in distant and isolated communities. In the year 1840 I forwarded a letter to London wherein I incautiously enclosed a small lock of hair appertaining to the first Australian-born member of my family. There was an understanding between my relatives and myself that we would mu tuallypost our letters postage unpaid, as we were inflicted by the notion that they were more certain to arrive if payment was conditional on delivery. That letter cost in England be tween four and five shillings, much to my vexation, although I knew that the money was most cheerfully paid. Had the system of uniform pre-payment with official certificate thereof endorsed then prevailed I should have been spared that and many similar annoyances, as would thousands of other individuals. These' colonies, in common with the nation at large, are greatly Indebted to Sir Rowland Hill, who has lived to see the results and reap the reward of his labours in the cause of Post-Office reform. It has, hbveyer, occurred to me that ha credited wholly or chiefly yrith the less important feature of his achievement. The establishment of cheapand uniform postage throughout the Umted Kingdom was a social and financial improvement, yet it -wastme which might have suggested itself to Joseph.,Stone* of "sum-totUe-of-thewhole" celebrity; but the idea of revolutionizing the entire system, by substituting for payment With money, whether whan posting or on delivery, compulsory use of previously purchased and offieUI'f- authenticated stamps, evinced sometlflfi^ Newtonian by its simplicity and effectiveness; it at oaee relieved the Post- Office ef much unpleasant and lespousible work, aud conferred incalculable benefit on the whole community. 