COUNTRY NEWS. .-^__ (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) NEWCASTLE, Seftemiier 9. Tho usual half-yearly statement of tho receipts and ex- penditure of the Borough of Newcastle, for tho half-year ending 5th August last, has just boon published, and shows tho finances -of tho Corporation to bo in an exceedingly satisfactory and nourishing state. The amount of rates collected for tho period named was £3206 2s., contributed by tho four wardsinto which tho ci tv is divided in the following degree-City Ward, £1579 8s. 3d. ; Belmore Ward, £333 14s. Od. ; líonoysiicklo Ward, £70S 11s. 7d ; and Mac- quarie Ward, £5S4 7s. 5d. To thoso sums is added the special Government endowmont, at tho rate of 10s. in the £ upon rates collected for tho pending year, amounting to £3161 12s. 6d.; tho fees collected for the licenses of public vehicles, £119 \5s. 8d. ; balnnco from last year, £4111 5s. 10d., together with sundry small items of revenue, bringing tho amount of tho Council's rovenuo, less tho lighting rate, at tho end of tho half-year to £10,633 10s. 8d. This important item-the lighting rate-which imposes an additional tax upon tho ratepayers of 3d. in tho £, yielded a return for tho half-year of £800 7s. lid., which, with a balança in hand from tho last ac- count of' £585 13s., renders tho available rovenuo from this sourco £1386 0s. lid., and brings tho total rovenuo of tho Council to the stun of £12,019 11s. 7d. Tho general oxpendituro of tho half- year amounted to £4510 15s. 3d., embracing salarios, roadmaking, interest, and the usual items for sundry accounts. Tho statement purports to give the amount expended for roadmaking, labour, and mate- rials in'the respective wards; but being imperfectly drawn iuthis respect several important items of .oxpendituro aro I left in doubt. However, it would appear that Upon tho City Ward £1172 3i. Od. has been expended; upon tho ' Belmore Ward, £168 19s. 7d. ; Honeysuckle Ward, £315 18s.' lOd. ; and Macquario Ward, £1672 Ms. 7d. The ex- penditure on account of tho lighting-rates, was, £666 7s. 4d. ; and bosielo being altogether disproportionate in regard to tho amount received and that expended upon each Ward shows, as will havo been noticed, a surplus of £134 03. 7d. for tho Imlf year, and places the Council in respect of this item of taxation in possession of a total credit bataneo of £709 8s. 7d. , The total oxpendituro for the period mentioned, inclusive of ! tho gas account, was £5177 3s., leaving tho Council in tho pos j session of funds to the extent of £6000, placed out at interest upon fixed deposit, and 11 credit balance in tho bank of £122 los. Thero aro many matteis in connection with tho affairs of the municipality of Nowcastlo, Which may possibly provo of some interest to tho ratepayers, as shadowed forth in tho foregoing abstract. In the first place, it may bo remarked, that no previous administration has been nearly so success- ful in gathering in tho annual rates of the municipality, and under sp small an expenso to tho Council, as that under tho control of tho present Mayor, who is now in his second year in that capacity ; but beyond this it does not seem that a great deal of wisdom ha3 been displayed by our aldcrmonic body in tho management of affairs gonorally, and particularly the proper distribution and outlay of the large sums of money which have been thus placed at their disposal. For instance, it has heroine to bo developed into a notorious fact that whilst the gravest attention and tho most careful considera- tion havo frequently been bestowed by our aldermen upon matters of a trivial nature in comparison .with tho duties before them, thero has been a degree of looseness and irre- gularity in their dealings with subjects seriously affecting the finances of the Council and a neglect of the interests of tho ratepayers, winch, to say tho least of it, heivo not proved a proper return for the trust reposed in them. To speak thus openly and generally without some show of rensoning to justify it, would, I am aware, lcavo ino open io tho chargo of sophistry. Let me, therefore, refer to tho vain and inglorious effort eif fencing in tho recreation reservo at tho top of Wat^-strect, the time wasted and the money expended in erecting a hideous-looking barrior to any person desiring a view of the sea from this quarter, its subsequent con- demnation after being put intd practice, and tho approval of tho present plan. Then follows tho years wasted in answer- ing the ratepayers' appeal for a public cemetery in placo of tho present intermurai and overcrowded Christ Church burial-ground. In this matter, it is true, tho Government is entitled to a share of tho abuso ; but had our Council followed it up, as tho urgency of the caso demanded, wo had doubtless long since received the Minister's promise, which has only so recently boen granted, for tho purchase of the desii-edsitn Next comes the Darby-street sand drift, which has been under the s.iinc laissez faire influence until tho evil has reached formidable dimensions, and presented serious diffi- culties in the way of its removal. Let not tho ratepayers despair, however. Tho work is ?" in hand," whatever ihat may mean. Then, again, no person here needs being re- minded how a littlo prudence would havo 6avcd the Council in a pecuniary light had a littlo more caro been exorcised in tho wording of a certain agreement for the performance of a certain special engineering work in the city, and now another straw has just beon added to tho load of tho camel in tho verdict of £120 and costs, obtained by the Kev. M. H. Ryan, against tho municipality in tho last sittings of tho District Court, ns compensation for damages to his property owing to tho improper formation of Church-strcot, -which tho Council was not in a position to provo was dono according to nny authorised plan, and this verdict is likely to lead the municipality hito further litigation from adjacent property holders. Nevertheless, ono might bo inclined to look with moro leniency upon the foregoing instances, if in the mean timo anything like a proper regard had beon paid to, at all events, tho condition of the main thoroughfares of tho city, and as I havo only recently referred to the disgraceful state in which these havo been loft for so long, I may simply add that their execrable state is notorious in regard to formation, drainage, and foot-pavintr ; and all this in tho face of an overflowing exchequer, with £6000 lying idle at interest in tho banks, and an abundant rovenuo. By all means, lot us have reduced taxation in preference to this. Ncwcastlo has laboured under pecuniary adversity in its time, and then duo allowance had to bo mado fof shortcomings, but now that the tido has turned, and the fulness of its prosperity has been mado evpparcnt, let us nt least enjoy the fruits of our opulence. But probably Juvenal's satire is as applicable to aldermen as a body as it is to ordinary mortals, and with them, as with us all, " the love of money increases as much as tho money itself increases." Early on Sunday morning some scoundrel committed a malicious act of destruction of property at several of the coal companies' offices at the foot of Watt-street. These offices stand in a row abutting on the footpath, and herne situated in a somewhat removed position from the frequented portions of tho city, especially by night, were apparently selected by the miscreant as a mark for his wanton proclivi- ties, or for tho purpose of wreaking out some petty spite. The two first offices in the row-the Grota and Anvil Creek offices-wore passed uninjured, but tho Lambton office had a dozen panes of gloss smashed and tho door broken. The Newcastle Company's office escaped uninjured, whilst tho remaindor in the row-tho Waratah. A. A. Company's, Co- operative, and tho Wharfinger's Offices all received eonsjdeniblo damage to their windows. A pick was also found driven into tho side of a small house used by tho railway shunters. .Tho ruffian whoever ho was who did the damage must havo used his fists froely in the act of demolition as 6pots of blood were visiblo in various places where ho had been. The police havo kept up an activo search amongst the shipping and clsowhero without being so far able to discover tho offender. A Catholic bazaar and fancy fair was opened on Thurs- day afternoon last, in the market building, Hunter-street. Tho Bishop of Maitland and a largo numbor of the Catholic clorgy wore cresent. Tho fair is boing liberally patronised by the pubhc, and on Saturday night the building was lu refcronco to tho action taken by a number of our leading business people towards opposing tho proposed railway between Singleton and Sydney no decided movement has yet taken placo beyond the appointment of a committee, from which a sub-committee has been elected to draw up a memorial to the Government, and certain motions to be submitted at a general meeting of the public protesting against the scheme. I now leam that tho preliminary arrangements havo been completed for holding the meeting, notiVf of winch will bo given at once. TUMUT, September 10. Wo aro enjoying splendid spring weather, wann showery days alternating with bright and sunny ones. Thursday last was a thorough wet day; after sundown a strong easterly wind sprang up, aud tho rain ceased ; during tho night tho wind increased to a perfect gale. Tho following day was showery. On Saturday morning thero was a slight frost ; tho weather then continued fino up to last night, when lain again set in, and soon became a regular down- pour, which lasted till daylight. Fine genial showers havo fallen at intervals to-day. At tho adjourned meeting of tho Tumut Prospecting Association, held on Wednesday overling last, at tho Bee- hive Rooms, tho following resolution was passed :-" That tho association consist of at lenst 100 members, and that the subscription bo £6 per meinbor? payable in six instalments, vis-., £1 cash, and tho balance in fivo promissory notes of £1 each, at two, four, six, eight, and ten months." The follow- ing gentlemen wero npppomtedas a committee of management (whoso first duty should be to canvass tho district for sub- scribers), viz. :-Dr. Lynch, and Messrs. M. Marks, R. A. Nowmon, W. Sutton, W. Bridle, C. D. Fraser, R. M'Kay, H. Hargraves, J. Ashworth, and J. Simmers. Mr. H. C. Tingcombo consented to act,as treasurer, and Mr. R. A. Newman as secretary to the association. Mr. C. D. Fraser, who has had much experience in gold mining in this district, showed tho meeting a numbor of rich quartz specimens, which ho stated had been obtained within a short distance of Tumut, and ho expressed his willingness to fur- nish a prospecting party with all needful information as to tho locality of tho same. Mr. Fraser and a few onthusiastio individuals at onco paid their subscriptions into the hands of the chairman, but on tho understanding that if tho association lapses through its failing to secure a hundred mombers tho money Bhould bo returned. Whilo all our residente aro pretty well agreed as to tho auri f orousness of this district, and that large areas here havo never beon fairly tested, yot it is truo that tho majority of tho Tumutites do not talco kindly to tho proposed asso- ciation, and unless somo scheme can bo propounded which shall find more favour with the public and secure a greater unanimity of fooling, I fear tho work of doveloping Sie hidden treasure of our neighbourhood will bo loft to private enterprise for some years to come. An eveut came off on Saturday last ou the ground adia-. cent to the Commercial Hotel, which caused a good deal of local excitement and drow together a largo nmnbor of the sporting fraternity ; it was a handball match for £10 asida, $tye$L$ta»> B. W, Huchea Md.John Downuuc caca party being an acknowledged crack player at this (in our, town) popular pastime. After a spirited contest, Mr. Hughes was declared tho winner, having beaten his opponent in threo games out of five. It appears that tho backers of Mi\ 'Downing aro not satisfied -warn his defeat, and a further match for £50 aside is talked of. A number of the members of tho Skating Club went to Adolong to-day, in responso to an invitation from tho club thero, to bo present at a rink meeting this evening. Had tho weather proved favourable, tho party from Tumut would havo beau much larger. The cricketing season commenced hero with a scratch match on Saturday afternoon last ; tho Tumut Eleven ap- peared to bo in very fair form, F. M'Evoy made somo splendid hits, and P. M. Blakoncy's batting was as good as ever. F". Anderson, for a young bowler, promises well. In ordor to retain the laurels*they havo won tho club moan to moot for practico (weather permitting) every Saturday after- noon. A serious conflagration occurred at tho homestead of Mr. Henry Snoddcn, Tumut Plains, on Wednesday night, by which a largo shed, together with about four hmidrcd bushels of maize, a quantity of harness, a plough, aud sundry farming implements, "wero dostroyed. The disaster (which took place near midnight) was occasioned by somo sparks blown into tho shed from aheap of husks and corn- cobs, which liad been negligently set on fire. Subscription lists havo been opened at tho various stores, with a view to lesson Mr. Snoddcn's loss. J An inquest was recently held at Mr. Slater's Hotel,' Gundagji, boforo Mr. Weekes, the district coroner, as to tho causo of tho burning of Mr. John Sell's haystacks at Jones' Creek; on the 27th of August last. From the evidence given it appeared that tho two stacks in question which were estimated to havo contained about eighty tons of hay-had bceu insured in tho office of tho Now- Zealand Fire and Marino Insurance Co. for the hum of £100. The owner of tho stacks had sold out his farm to Mr. D. M'Lean, but agreed with the purchaser thal the buy might remain upon tho ground till ho cuiild dispose of it. Tho polico mado very careful investigations niter the lire occurred, and a witness named Jehu James Kelly, who assisted to build tho stacks, and his wife, M. A. Kelly, wero examined at great length. The pi weedings lusted two days, when tho jury found that tho stacks liad beim wilfully and maliciomfly. set on fire by some pei«m or persons un- known. Tho coroner cxprciscd an opinion that insurance compnnies wero much to blamo for insuring f inn produce at .such a high.rate, as by so doiug thoy virtually oifcred au in- ducement to persons to commit crime The Oddfellows Brass Band hero is tobo remodelled, and will shortly bo known as tho Tumut Town Band. A com- mittee has been formed to effect this object. Tho new band which is to be under tho leadership of Mr. M. II. Simpson, will for 4;vclvo months to como bo supported by A-oluntary contribuí ions.' The Rev. Roger M'Kinnou preached a farewell sermon to tho members of tho congregation, at tho Presbyterian Church, on Sunday morning last. On tho following day tho reverend gentleman, accompanied by Mrs. M'Kinnou and family, lett for Sydney. Mr. E. G. Brown sold by public auction, on Thursday last, a small lot of sheep at 7s. 9d. per head ; a draught horse, £10 10s.: spring-cart and harness, £12, and a lot of sundries amounting to £10, on behalf of the assigned estate of D. J. Emery. Mr. Brown has this week stored 22 tons of tobacco received from Tumut Plains ; the same has been purchased for the Sydney market. WAGGA WAGGA, S_rTEMBr.R 9. The rainfall which has been so general during tho pnst week carno to us on Thursday in a steady downpour, which lasted throughout the day, and continued for the greater part of tho night. The morning of Friday cleared up, and tho register at this time had recorded 86 points. Saturday and Sunday gavo us clear warm days, but on Monday we had again a chango, rain commencing ubout midday. During the afternoon it continued falling-a soft warm rain which, towards night, increased, and fell heavily up to mid- night, and at intervals to near noon of Tuesday ; up to which time some GO points were registered. Thero can bo no doubt that this break in tho weather was much wanted, as it wns evident that the feed that had sprung up from tho rain of a'few weeks back would havo been speedily dried up under tho influence of tho amount of heat tho sun is he ginning to pour down upon us. Before this Avili havo reached your readers' eyes, our Pastoral Show Avili Dave becomo a thing of the past-tully reported in your columns : so that I will not refer further to it hero than to say that I understand the sheep exhibits aio makihg a very good show, and that in the cattlo sections there^ is likely to bo a numerical falling off. As the books have"* not, whilo I write, boen closed, I may perhaps prove to be wrong in this conclusion. I am qiiito glad to noto that somo of tho' Sydney houses aro showing an interest in the exhibition, as I learn that exhibits of agricultural imple- ments and other matters aro coming forward from Lassct ter'b and other houses in tho trade. I stated in my last week's letter that it was probable that a meeting of sheep directors and othci-3 interested in the matter Avould be held during the show week with reference to tho new ' system of sheep-brands fathered by Mr. Bruce. I find that it is intended to hold this meeting oh Thursday, and that it is expected that Mr. Bruco Avili bo present. The new system is cortainly not held in fa\'our here, and I believo that tho sheep 'inspector lias almost given, up in despair the task of allotting in an intelligent way tho brands to tho several applicants.) Mr. Bruce's presenco may clear up somo of the difficulty, but I am assured that it will take moro than tho ordinary amount of tho persuasivo eloquence of an inventor to make tho shcepowners in this district tako to tho new system kindly. A local photographer has struck out what appears lo us hero to be a new line in awakening municipal councils to a Í¡roper sonso of their duties in tho way of sanitary regul- ations. Somo time ago, I recollect, wo were tola that the distribution of certain photographs lent most material aid to the .work of collecting money to assist tho sufferers by tho Indian Famine. I don't know whether our artist took a hint from This or not, but there is somo degree of simi- larity to tho Indian Famine Fund collector's notion in his move. Ho has taken several photographs of what may be called somo of our standing nuisances, disease-suggesting blots upon tho faco of the town, about which thoio has been for a long timo a very largo amount of talk, with tho very smallest amount of attempt at practical work in con- nection with them. A number of theso viows are collected on a sheet which has tho printed address at tho hoad " To Municipal Councillors and Boards of Health," and Avith tho address tho warning intimation of Burns about that re- porting "chiel" whoso printed notes were toboso much dreaded. I am afraid this novel endeavour to produco shamofacedness amongst tho aldermen anent sanitary matters is hardly likely to havo much effect, but I suppose wo must givo the artist some credit for his little addition to tho work of sanitnrv Teform If our Wagga boys and. girls over do got to the happy. Grand Duchess ttage of doting on tho military, it certainly will not be from tho experiences wo got of tho Now South Wales Artillery in this part of tho colony. Tho other day wo had another of theso worthy and gallant defendors of ours ranking his appearanco before tho Polico Magistrate as a deserter ; and, again, I find that tho deserting bravo lind himself given up his valiant body to tho polico. As usual in theso cases, tho prisoner was remanded to Sydney to be dealt with. Lot mo confess that I nin ii littlo curious to know how theso gentlemen aro dealt with nfter their enih fortablo journey by coach and train to the homo or quarters from which they havo beon wanderers. For tho tako of tho publie purse it is to bo hoped thal not many of tho forco have tho strong desiro for a country spreo which appeals to have mastered the two or threo members of it who havo Kenoured our neighbourhood with a visit. It is not by any means bad fun to bo ublo to tnko ft run in this fashion now and again, and when tired adjourn to. tile nearest polico station with tho assurance of being carofuUy carried back, Without the slightest anxiety as to tho exponses- of tho journey. But I would suggest that a good deal of tho fun might very properly bo token out of this spree, now not nn infrequent ono, if a certain sum for tho exponses of the return journey wore deducted from tho deserter's pay, in addition to tho ordinary doso of military punishment inflicted in such affairs. I might say that, after our grand railway demonstration) loatters uro rather flat with, us just now, and that wo aro going through tho usual formula of clearing away the dead flowers of our rejoicing-removing tho debris of our feast- ing, and cheerfully or grumblingly, according to circum- stances, occupying ourselves in " paying tho piper" for our merry-making. And yet to say that things aro flat would hardly describo tho few days after tho banquet, for as ono often finds following theso public demonstrations, elsowhero than this good town of Wagga, thero hns been a wonderful eruption of spleen and bitterness in tho affair, which has broken out in nowspaper correspondence with a vengeance, to say nothing of that undignified exhibition of Ministerial temper which graced tho North Wagga platform tho other day, during a deputation sccno. If your readers do over meet tho local prints of the timo, thoy will leam that wo of Wagga aro just about as good as any of our neighbours in calling each other hard names, and havo just about as much truth in our abusivo nomenclatura as is usually found in theso miserable eruptions wherever thoy aro founel. Tho Ministers wero insulted, yelps one ; tho Wagga ladies wero insulted, growls out another; tho community has been degraded, indignantly urges a third ; and so on and so on. I cannot wonder at the readiness of either Mr. Leary or Mr. Sutherland to bel ¡eva there was an intention to insult them. As I stated in my letter of a fortnight back, their minds wero prepared for insult, by tho reply of Dr. Ber- mingham to the Demonstration Committee. And so, just as children who aro told that somo socluded and innocent way is a vori table ghost's -walk fear some evil spirit in tho rustling of every loaf, just so woro our two worthy Ministors propared to seo mischief in tho wagging of every swallow's tail that did not happen to bo housed under tho caves of their dwell- ings. Mr. Sutherland felt insulted becauso ono gentleman was too warmly advocating nomo course on the bridgo. ques- tion ho _ did not seo his way to pursue. Mr. Leary saw studied insult in tho accidental omission of tho courtesy of sending him a ball-tickot, and by somo misohauco thero was n doorkeeper who know not the Minister of Justice, and so irreverently domanded a tickot or a guinea. Tho guinea was paid, tlio charge of studied insult was made, and this, too, though Mr. Leary must havo known that tho two secre- taries, whoso labour in connection with tho affair was very great, wore Mr. Fitzhardinge and Mr. Minchin, two gentle- men who wero among his most piominent supporters-Mr. Fitzhardinge at the first return of Mr. Leary, and Mr. Minchin at both. The unlucky guinea was roturncd, Mr. Leary accepted the explanation mado as to the hurried dis- tribution of tickets, and pockoted his guinea, it is to bo hoped, thoroughly satisfied. I gnvo you fully tho remarks at tho deputation proceed- ings about tho bridgo matter. Tho subject, however, most prominent at this interviow with Mr. Sutherland was the , increase of facilities for trucking stock. Mr. Russell I (A, 'J. S. Bank) Minted out tho necessity of having » fiood supply of trucks, so that tho produco of the distriot may be despatched speedily. Ho referred to the desirability oi opening the line for goods to North Wagga without dolay ; and upon this point elieitedthé reply that arrangements for tho goods traffic would be completed by tho 16th-inétant. Mr. Abbot (Mort and Co.) and Mr. Badgery (Brunker, Wolfo, and Badgery) also urged tho truck matter on Mr. Sutherland's attention ; the latter gentleman stating that he was satisfied that storkowners would bo glad to pay for tha lapid tiansmismon of stock, na tho loss by detaining cattle thirty-six or forty hours in truck's was very great. Mr. Minchin (of Wilkinson, Hann, Minchin, ancl Co.) and Mr. Swift (of Swift, Hann, and Co., and Swift, M'Carthy, and Co.) weiro amongst the local speakers; Mr. Swift complaining of tha chargo for unloading sheep, which ho held to ba altogether excessive at 23. per truck for sheep. This chargo was mndo for loading as woll as unloading, and ho held that for tho latter especially it 'ivas unnecessary, as there was no troublo in unloading sheep, and thoywora attended by tho owners' men, who did the work, tho Government men merely looking on. Mr. Sutherland tole} the deputation that ho should have thoir sovcral suggestions before him in writing, when thoy would bo attended to according to thoir monte. " The rain has given «omo increased spirit to the business1 of the stock market generally, and in fat cattle we havo a , good many buyers from Sydney and Melbourne now making inquiries. Storo cattlo demand is also showing improve- ment. Tho following sales havo boen mado by Wilkinson, Hann, Minchin, and Co. :-2300 mixed ' hoggets, for Holloway and Sons ; 2000 ewes, for Mr. W. M'Pherson. By Mr. It. J. Goodisson (P., Ii., and Co.), 55 atora bullocks, to Mr. W. Angel. By Hand and Tompson, 350> fat wethers, for E. Ashcroft ; and 2000 store wethers, foe W. J. Blake. By Elliot and Fosbery, 250 stud oivos, for J. Anderson, of Victoria ; and for Mr. J. B. Eeid, tho Glen« ariff middle run, unstocked. Tim land o/lico business this week has been very small, the iollowing being tho selections taken up :-A. McKenzie, 40 acres, county Wynyard, parish Kilgowlio ¡ R. G. Gilmore, 280 acics, county of Mitchell, parish of Vincent, being measured portions 4, 5, and 6. 