AN ACTOR'S STORY. So you want to hear my story, do you ? Well, it's a sad ono : but. though tho recital will not bring a smilo to your lip, it may provo a useful lesBon and serve as a warning to you. All ready? Well. Ill begin. Will I havo a drink ? No. tbonk you ! No. indeed, not if it was to save my life i I know you mean no harm by tho invitation : you intend only Kindness ana oourtesy : out. if you know all that tho lovo of strong drink lias cost me. tho sorrow it has brought into my life, aud tho dark shadow it has trailed aoross my pathway. I beliovo that yon would never again ask ma to hold a glass of liquor to my lips. It was of that I was going to tell yonl You soo. I was travelling in tho far West, briniung up at last at San Franoisco. I was doing variety 'biz.'' and little Nell trapeze, dauoina.etc. Nell? She was my littlo girl — tho prettiest oroaturo the sun over shone on. Didn't know that I was married t Well, you see your mistuke. Poor Katie — my wife — hers was a'dreadful fate ! You see. we wore playing an engagement at a certain fashion able theatre, when, ono night during the performance, a file broke out, by accident, behind tho scenes. Kalie was standing near waiting for her call' on. when tlio flames suddenly burst forth, and. seizing her gauzy dress otivelopod hor m their horrible folds. And I stood thero and saw it all — the writh ing- leaping, red demons winding their doatlily arms about tbo slender form of my darling : her aoonizinp shrieks and ones for meroy- it eoetned as if I should go mad. Iu an instant I sprang forward andgraspedhor in my arms. I seized a shawl that was lyrai near, wrappod it around hor. and so ex tinguished the flames. But ICatio 1 my lovely, brioht-oyed darling — sho, you'Jl understand, my friond. I — I can t bsar to talk of it — sho only lingered a few hours, and died in horriblo agony. Pardon those tears- It all happened lona ago. I am an old follow now. and will soon bo on the retired list of tho profession, but the memory of that torriblo niglic still haunts mo. It overwhelms mo. unmans me. and broaks . me down. Well, after that I clung tenaciously (for ? poor, weak human nature must have oouie thlng to which it can ohnc). with all the strength of my desolate and utriukwi heart, to my ono anchor — my only hopo, my littlo Noll. Oil- how I loved tho child I 'ios, believo it. even when you have hoard my dreadful story. She waa bo lilio hor dead mother, with her great. Bofc. .dark eyos, and waving- gol'lou linir. that seemed to eatcll nil tho dancing sunbeams, aud hold them prisoners in its ahining moshes. Qer form waa so delicate and fairy- like, her ovory movo munt full of grace. I knew that she wan deatmed to mako a roputation on tho boards, and from her infancy I had trained hor and watched uv--r her. und devoted mysolf to her, until Iiwaa rawardou by tho knowledge that thore waa no moro graceful dansuusti in tho i profession : aad aa for the - trapeze -- bin, I ?ua.J never, in u-ll my long espurwutc, uuuuiu anythinc to compare with her. She waa so boiutiful. so quick aud dashing, she soon b oame u, popular favoimtu, and inonoy began to ptfur steadily into our not over-full coffers That's tho timo I liko to think about. Afterwards — ah ! who would look baok if they could help it?1 How few of us daro to do it ? Lilt's wifo. bv looking back, became a pillar of aalt f ' and you. whose life has gone by contjariea. by looking baok, will become a pillar of atona— a muoh worse futo. I've read tfcuti aotnevshora, aud itj a 89 truo a thing as ever was written. !Well, I'd come to tho wrong corner of my life, and whon a man onco turns that corner he's gone, and no hope for him. Don't look at me so pitifully ; I oan't boar pity, even from your kind eyes, my friend. Let me hasten to the end of my story — my tragedy. You sco, about that time I took to drinking. I didn't realise jthat I waa taking tho firat' step on the down ward track ; but I had ao many ' friends' (bah I Buok ' friends' are really a man's worst enemies), and they congratulated me on Nell's success, and invited mo to drink ; and so, elated by all tho kind things they Baid (they were a set of well-meaning follows,- and never dreamed at the harmjthey were doing); I gob into the habit of drinking with them and leaving Nell alono when she should have had her father — her only earthly friend— at her side to protect and care for her. So I went on from bad to worse. You know how fast a man goes down hill when he's once started, and at last it was all I could do to retain my position in the company, for I was always more or less intoxicated, I believe it was Nell's swsot face and gontle ways tbat had so won on the heart of the manager that, aside from her popularity, was the cause of my being retained with the troupe. But I must hasten. One evening I came home, cross and out of sorts, to find Nell lying on the couch, white nnd wan. 'What'a the matter?' I demanded,, roughly. ' 0 father,' she cried, lifting her soft-, sad' eyeB to my bloated face, ' I feel so bad to-night 1 I'm right weak and dizzy. Can't I^ stay at home for once? Won't you seo Mr. Mills, the manager, aud beg him to let me off for to-night 1 Truly, I am very ill; . and I believe he will excuBe me 1' 'Excuse you !' I growled. 'Not much 1 I've made a bet with some men who are to be at the theatre, and I've got fifty dollars staked on your wire-performance. You're to do the new business to-night, you know. Come, be getting ready !' She put up both little hands with * nervous VLj' ' 0 father 1 father !' she wailed plead ingly, ' I cannot — indeod, I cannot do the new aot to-night ! I'm not able ! I shall get dizzy up there and fall. I know it. Father' — her voico grew dignified and firm — ' I shall not go!' Dou't look at me in that way, my friend ; I can't bear the scorn in your face. I was maddened with drink, remember. I was no better than a savage or a wild beast. I — I— raised my clenched hand, and — I Btruck my little ohild 1 Don't — don't Bpeak a word, for God's sake! ? : . Well, I went to the theatre ; a spaBm of remorse touched me, and I determined to tell the manager that she was ill and could not appear. But, when I got behind the scenes, to my amazement, little Nell was thero before me, frightfully white and wan, and a * great, red mark upon one pallid cheek. Sho came atraight up to me, and laid her Blender hand on mine. ' ' Y-'u d!',n''' m°'' father rlftflr.' the little nngel whiBpered. -? Iforgwe you — and I'll try/ to play my part. Bat I only pushed her from me and tarned away- God ! if I could but recall that night I I would lay my life down willingly to be able to undo that deed. ' Well, the curtain was rung up and the performance began, and went on — and atlaBt came Nell s new act on tho wire — something more reckleaB and daring than anything Bhe had ever beforo attempted. Sho bounded out before the noisy audience like a love.y spirit- The rouge on her cheeks covered tho imprint of a father b dastardly blow , she,.vas bewitching beyond compare. I shall never, never forget it. The sight that I witnessed that awful night follows me about for over, like an avenging Bpirit, and haunts mo persistently like Bome horriblo ghost that will not bo laid. It has made my life a burden— one long, awful agony , Bleeping or waking- the phantom ib evtr at my side and dogs my footsteps. I cannot forgot it, can not shut it out : and bo it will stay with mo until the day I die. You cannot imagine the scene. i-lio gorgeous theatre, one naan 01 -kui— m; _ with richly-dresaed people— for the eliW of tho city were asaombled tho.e. The glitt r of jewels- the lovely facea, the intoxicating perfumes', and over all the apft, low strains ol music from a matohleas orchoatra, whilo 'hove our heada stretched out that murderouB wire upon whion my darling stood, smiling and bowing to the applauding audience amiling and bowing, when I know her little heart was breaking. .. _ Can you not imagine it all . Can you not soe h«r. as she eoes through with the diffi cult performance? One tremulous motien, one mistake, and she would ba lost. Seel. sho turns hor frightened eyes upon my own, which, with the savage glare of partial intoxioa tion. wore bent upon her. movements. She. trembles— tha diamond-tipped wand in her hand quivers and dropa from her gra-p , , she essays to recover herself, but her little form reels and totters. She stretches out both arms, and with a wild cry of Oh, I cannot do it I' falla- fallB all bio distanoe. down— down. Tho net sproad below is not Btrong, sho goo* -lohnwataf'^ oh G 'd ' my littlo Noll— my lost Katies oulv child— lies a bleeding, maugled mass at Ve very feet oi the horror-stricken audience ! Dead I ay, qulte dead Thore 1 That's my story. Dreadful, isn tit? Y-s I 'ui *uro that it wonld bo. it outf it were not founded entirely upon/iciion/ You BOO my friend. I overheard you when you s-id last night I was ' no actor, so I thought I'd treit you to a bit of realiatio acting. You wanted to hoar my story, yon know? Well- you've heard it. I didn t say that.it ? You seo. I nover had a wife. Little NcIIjb. but a brain ohild ; I never followed Horace Greeley's advice : ' Go West, and vari ty ' blB.' lflU' b m ^ Havo a toddy, old fellow, and shake hands on tho 'Actor's Story.' Hal ha 1 ha I The Hdjian Eye. — That was an appalliufe question propuuiided recently by Dr. L?nng t . the N«w York County Medical Society, 'Is tho human oye gradually changing its form undor tho|inttuence of modern oivilisa tiou ?' -It is Dr. Lonng s opinion that constant study, incidental to the lives of so many in modern times, has a tendency to engonder the derangement of the oyo, and that thia deraugemnnt is often perpetuated in heredity. I ahould agree in this with, the doctor- if I could persuaue myaelf (.which X ennot) that wo Btudy as hard as our fore fathers did. Nowadays, everybody knows a l'tilo- but nobody seems to know much ; and in literature and theology ono loois in_vain ; for aui'h monsters of erudition aa tho B ziS ,ind Ssalicrera. the Cruquiuses and B„yles, th» MororiB and Loibnitzsa, or auoh gulfs of learning' aa Hooker and Bishop Andrews. One cannot, at tbo same time, diBsent from I Dr- Luring whon he points out that among tho moat prominent cauaea of the ailm-nt known as Bnortsightodnesa aro po ,r food, bad ventilation, aud a genoral ois.»g»rd or hygiento requirements— all conducing 11 laxity of tissue of which nearsightedness 1= an in, dicatlon- For reading aud writiU6 puipoaes, I havo myatlf only 0110 oye; aud whon I find. Ifcto at night, that ' laxity of ti-:auo. is beginning to set. in, I take .. pinch of very stsoiig 'Bnuff. The ' tisaue' seems to set , all tight again after that : but what tho effjet of the snoff may be on my uiucoub EiOffl'-Wl} I I dare uot conjecture. 