) TcH E ' P H A N T 0 M M I N E R. y ' sto/'ff of the old. golil dif/ging days.) - ( " Tell you a ghost story," said niy uncle Ned, a hale old J gentleman of 70 years. "Well, I will relate a peculiar. > affair that happened on Tali mans Gully, iu 1859." V We were all attention, and listened to the very remark- ( able narrative he related in the following manner : J "Ypu' must know," commenced my uncle, "that I and ) fovir mates wore living in a tent on the b.anks of the river — living, I said, I .should have called it existing, for / we were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday s / work, you may besui'c we were tired enough ; but we. were ) every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink \ of a pick, about fiftj'- yards from our canvas home. This / confounded noise alw.ays commenced at midnight, and did J not cease until the break of day. One night wc were \ determined to .see who it was"; so wc sallied forth in the r bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel ) shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an k old claim which had been deserted for many years. I was / chosen spokesman, to ecposhulate with this noisy digger; T but when I was within twerity yards' of him, I stood still, C transfixed with horror,— for the wearer of the digger's / clothes was no living mwn, biit a vheletoii !" ) " Uncle Ned I" we air cried, "how fearful," - ( " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- / to-do. looking man, of about fifty years of _,age, who \ enquired for a digger of whom, :iye knew nothing about. He told us that iu '51 he and a mate of his deserted from / one of-. Her Majesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans S gold fields. They worked "with' pretty good luck for a few C months, when the neiv comer went down to Melbourne to / SCO; abput'some letters. . Before he went, he .said to his S mate, if Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the f claim for "a day until I come back.' Bob "promised, and ) they parted. 'I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- ) digger, 'arid there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on f board; arid now that I have obtained my discharge, I . ) have :hastened up here to find ray old chum.' ' You will ) seeFhipi tivnight,' I said ; ' but you'll find him very much changed.' . At midnight, the everlasting clirik of the ) phantom's pick w.as heard, and we all turned out. 'Ahl ' k cried the ,-sailor, ' there's dear old' Bob. Bob, here I am b.apk. Bob, speak to me.' He ran to the figure, which ) turriednts hideous face on him. With aloud shriek thesceker ( felhsenseless on the. ground. .;The';glio3t threw down its pick, arid vanished. In the morning we discovered the 1 poor sailor a ravingTiinatie." O ' ; '-f .1 M , " Oh, uncle Ned, \yhat a fearful story, '-.'i " Well, you askeci me to tell you a story, and I have I done .so"; f ' ! "£ f\/ Pi i" ," , " Then", it is not true ? " " Well, saici 'our uncle.'laughing, 'f';it'is as'truelas many I of the absurd yarns'that-got about during the raging of , thelgdld fCver;' Ah, those vvete strange days, when men would uridergo any amount of privation for a few ounces I of "gold. How different'it'. is now ;i for should a man be . pushed for a large or':smatl"'atnount all that he has to do is to have .an interview with' ; v I DAVID henry, of 52 Collins street east, ' Who has frora'£5 to'£ 10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale' (with of . without" .security),-; salary orders, life ) policies,- certificates, deeds, bill, of- lading, legacies, goods, . merchandise, on expected remittances, or on. moneys pcr- ' sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., ) repayable-to suit the convenience of borrowers. V Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and ' mortgages from 6 p)er cent. 