'Telegraphing; Warwick. fpilOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT October The right to the gate and the booths at the' ensuing races, sold by auction to- day, realised £142.. A good meeting is anticipated, Sydney. [REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.] October 3,. 5.30 p.m. The new premises of the A.S.N. Company at" Circular Quay, late Campbell's wharf, are now in full working order. ;'-,'... It is intended to send the P.M. Company's. R.M.S. City of Sydney on an excursion trip to Melbourne during the forthcoming race week. The Rev. Mr. Chiniquy, the Canadian reformer, lectured last night to an audience numbering, between three and four thousand persons. The Colonial Secretary has promised a deputation from the exhibition committee of the Agricultural Society that, with his colleagues, he would unreservedly recommend Parliament to give pound for pound of the money subscribed by the public, and that he would further instruct by wire Mr Coombes, M.L.A., the Executive Commissioner to the Paris Exhibition, as to the manner in which he could forward the interests of the exhibition. Arrived: Clarence and Egmont, steamers from Brisbane. Sailed: Boomerang, s., for Rockhampton. < : 6 p.m. The A.S.N. Company's steamship Gunga, from Noumea, brings advices confirming those lately received via New Zealand in reference to the insurrection in New Caledonia. The revolt is now spread to the district of Poy a, in the north-west part of the island and the chief centre of agriculture. Mr. Hondale, together with twenty French; colonists, two ladies, three children, and four servants, have been massacred, and there was a general exodus from the district, the result being that the natives attacked the military post at Dourail, but were repulsed with heavy loss. The original district of the revolt is now gradually succumbing. The Government are now arming the convicts, the freed men, and the deportes to fight the insurgents. Melbourne. [REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.] . is ? "-. ¦ '.' October 3.' Sir Samuel Wilson has published a separate volume of the report of the Acclimatisation Society,, containing that portion of the report referring to the introduction of Californian salmon. The experi- ment so far has proved satisfactory; especially in the Gippsland rivers, where salmon are occasionally found one foot in length, and 2lb. in weight. Four prisoners, who escaped from the gaol at 9 Maryborough on Saturday last, are still at large. They have been seen in the neighborhood of Sandhurst, and the police are in active pursuit; Two colored men have opened splendid ground at Whipstick, near Sandhurst. They have lodged nearly 200 oz. of specimens in the bank. In the conditions issued for the new mail contract, the time allowed for the direct service is 966 hours home and out from Southampton or Plymouth, with allowances for detention at Aden and Suez. It is reported that a large and important gold- field has been discovered near the Grampians, Ararat district. The conditions of the new mail contract were - laid upon the table in the Legislative Assembly this evening. Adelaide. (reuter's TELEGRAMS October 3. The Government Gazette issued to-day contains an approximate statement of the revenue for the quarter ended September 30, the total receipts amounting to £391,659 ; the principal items being Customs, £137,074 ; railways, £02,452 ;: and land sales, £95,753. The Alma and Caledonia Company will have the honor (says the Times) of being the first to employ the Diamond rock drill on Gympie as a prospecting agent. They have definitely entered into a contract with the owner Mr. Ashton? by which the latter undertakes to bore a distance of 400ft. from the bottom of their shaft, which is already 200ft. deep. For convenience sake, however, Mr. Ashton will start boring from the surface, but will not make any charge for the first 200ft. The bore will be put down at a spot where it is calculated a depth of 600ft. will have to be sunk to cut the underlie of the Lady Mary reef. It is to be hoped that the company's plucky enterprise will be rewarded by discoveries which will be of permanent value to them. As to the terms it is no secret that they are reasonable ; we have been informed that the cost of: boring the 400ft. will be £400. THE present comparative depression is unmistakably due (says the Gympie Times in a great measure to the faulty method with which operations have been prosecuted on our reefs in' past years, the rule being to work out all the richer portions, irrespective of convenience or expense. Had the mines been opened up properly, and the poor stone taken out with the rich, as it ought to have been, the cost of extraction would have been merely nominal, and the mines themselves would have sustained throughout a position infinitely superior to what they hold now. This error is mainly attributable to the excessive number of small companies which have existed since the commencement of gold mining in this neighborhood. Everyone who has the welfare of this goldfield at heart, and has consequently taken the trouble to notice what has transpired around him for the past few years, must have observed how futile are the efforts of these small and necessarily weak companies to do anything in the way of: practically developing our resources. Undoubtedly they do a great amount of potter ing about the surface sufficient evidence of that is given by the number of shafts we have of from. 50ft to 200ft. in depth in fact, it may be questioned whether there has not been money enough thrown away in unnecessary sinking and surface expenses to provide batteries and all the newest gold saving appliances for every important reef on the field. We have before pointed something of this out, and are more than ever convinced of the desirability of putting an effectual stop to - it. For the sake of economy, a matter of hourly increasing importance, the consideration of extensive amalgamation of adjoining claims cannot be too strongly urged. All those at the South Monkland. side should be under the same head and management, those on the Lady Mary from 5 to 9 south, those on the Hilton, and in short, all others similarly aggregated and in the same run of country. The benefit to the district would be immense, particularly as far as the miner is concerned, for in less than two years the probability is that work would be provided for at least double the number of hands now employed. Jex a provincial theatre, where Macbeth was being recently played by a clever man, who was also a very great favorite with the audience, in the banquet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquo, "Hence ! hence ! hence I"' when he dropped on his knee, covering his face with his robe, and shuddering convulsively. Just as the applause was over a youth in the ? gallery, carried away with the intensity of the acting cried out, "It's all right now, Smith;. he's gone. 