IPJlffSS THE THEATRES, &c.; Mr. Rignold continues to attract large audiences at the Theatre Royal. Mr. IVybert Reeve's engagement was until yesteiday an nounced as an imperative reason why Mr. Rignold and " Henry V." should be teen no longer than the 11th at this theatre, but as the Chimborazo, which was to bring Mr. Reeve, has not arrived, it has been deter mined that " Henry V." and Mr. Rignold are to go on until further notice. And this, I am sure, gives great satisfaction to everybody. The Princess's has remained clmed since last Saturday week, if you except some billiard-playing, but it is to be fe-opened to-night with a new company, by the new manager, Mr. Tavares. The opening piece will be Mr. Torn Taylor's comedy of " The Overland Route," which was first played in Melbourne, it will be remembered, at the Theatre Royal, some 18 years or so ago, and, unless I am much in error, was afterwards revived at the Haymarket. Mr. Tavares has had successful managerial expe rience in Queensland ; and as he is veil known to have many requisites for the business of providing suitable amusement for the public, he has, I should think, good prospects. Mrs. Tavares will, of course, be the principal lady member of his company; and as she has lately made herself most favourably known to the public of this city, the manager may still further be regarded as beginning with a good omen. The performance of " Uncle Tom's Cabin " was given at the Academy for the last time on Saturday, and on Tuesday the variegated company went to Sydney. On Monday a play with the title of " Never Forgotten" was given for the first time in Melbourne, Mr. Ogden and Miss Beatrice taking theprincipai parts. It is a story of a woman's vengeance, and both the idea and the title are taken from a story by Mr. Percy Fitzgerald, which appeared in All the Year Hound 14 years ago. The vengeance is upon a man who, as many men have done before, has betrayed and then deserted a woman. Her sister swears an oath to find him out and balance the wrong, and finally she does find him out; but before doing so she is misled into the error of be lieving that it is her husband who committed the villany, and as a matter of course there arise out of this misapprehension some domestic mysteries, which, however, as may be supposed, are all at last cleared up. There is some filling-in business, of course, and suit able accessory characters, but the principal idea is kept well before the audience. And it is nothing but justice to say that, so far as the acting was concerned, Miss Beatrice did all that was possible to make the character she played instrumental in developing the story. And her sympathetically-toned voice and her genuinely natural manner aided her greatly in the effort. In those scenes in which she struggles with the conflicting emo tions of love for her husband and horror for his supposed crime, she showed an emo tional power which suggested much future success. She has certainly a great many of those advantages which help to bring success, and although this part of Blanche Lascelles may not exhibit her powers to the greatest advantage, it does so sufficiently to warrant most favourable prediction of what is to come. Mr. Ogden's part in this piece does not show him at his best, but he is not there fore seen entirely at a disadvantage. He made very well of the reconciliation situa tion. Of the rest, Mr. Power was quite out of his element as the fashionable villain Mr. Herndon outrageously burlesqued the accessory part of an eccentric M.P.; a Mr Fisher similarly maltreated a baronet; Mr| •Flemming was only indefinite as a young man of the mindless order. Mr. Howard, as a man servant not in livery, only feebly cari catured aclass in needlessly making ridiculous the example; Mr. Shaw-Cross represented uncomfortably a gentleman described in the bills as "under a cloud;" Miaa Dixon sparkled prettily as an average young lady of a cheerful disposition with a single eye to matrimony ; Miss Pelham died resignedly in the first act; Miss Reeves floundered experi mentally as the baronet's "consolationand Miss Lester, as a flinty lodging- house keeper, put in relief the truculence and rapa city which distinguish some of the persons ' who live by keeping apartments. The piece was very creditably put upon the stage, but it is to be displaced to-night by another drama of the same class. Between ; the second and third acts Mr. Mon tague Scott gave half-an-hour's entertain ment in which he sketched four heads of well-known characters before the audience, giving also such comments as helped to make the exhibition more attractive. Perhaps yon do not know Mr. Scott? He was here a dozen years ago, when those wh£ were here then knew him well enough. He is a clever artist, and one of that plea sant sort of men who do not make many enemies. He is a picturesque artist, and wears a long coat, and a moustache whpse amplitude is the envy of bud ding young men just taking to the cultiva tion of upper-lip hair. So that when he comes on the stage and discourses on a branch of art, and shows you practically that he under stands what he is talking about, he con ciliates you as a matter of course. I think, therefore, his half hour ought to bring for him both popularity and profit. If he were an ill-natured man he could make it most unpleasant for those whom he draws; but he is not He is the very type of an amiable man. I do not think he could do anything in an angry fashion. So he rallies you pleasantly; and I dare say, as his half hour goes on and the, four heads are changed, he will have applications from ambitious people to be in cluded )n his caricatures. On MondayMr. Creswick played Wolspy,' m ; Hefary YIII. Speaking first ol Wolaey; yoii saw.if yon werepresent, how completely/ Mr, Creswick seizes himself of the J .. of every part he plays; how he tries, and successfully, to get at the heart of all his dramatic mysteries. And thus he has got at the heart of this creation of Wolsey. You may take exception, if you like, to his con ception, but you cannot but admit that it is complete, and full, and grand. He assumes, and I think with good reason, that Cardinal Wolsey was both large-minded and great hearted ; that he was probably avaricious, but, withal, full of noble purposes, and that, if he had his own ends to serve, he did not forget the larger aims of benefiting his country. Mr. Creswick thus make you think better of Wolsey. He helps you to see that greatness is not inconsistent with some selfishness, and that if even a man does keep his own profit principally in his mind, he need not, therefore, be regarded as necessarily narrow-minded. I think nothing can much better demonstrate the power of an actor than this ability to simplify the idea of a character, to make it easily com prehensible, to unify it, if you will accept thiB term. In this way one gets a more compact notion of a character; a condensed notion, if you will, but certainly a more readily under stood notion. In this way, too, a character j is made to stand out more prominently, and ' to become the centre of a group instead of ! only an accessory. It is bo in this instance. Regarded as a dramatic element, Cardinal Wolsey, in this play of " Henry VIII.," is not a principal. He comes in only to help out the common scheme ; hut, as represented by Mr. Creswick, without in any way being forced into prominence, he seems to tower above the rest, in obedience to an under stood right of superiority. I cannot express any more directly what I wish to convey of the dramatic seniority with which he seems to invest the part. As a play calculated to interest an average audience, with every proper reverence for Shakspeare, I do not regard " Henry VIII." as a taking piece, for with the exception of Wolsey's degradation, aud Queen Kathe rine's death, there is not much to interest those who take a play only upon its merit o' keeping the attention a good deal alive by reason of engrossing story, and strong situation. It depends therefore somewhat more than usual upon the actors as to how far this, the last of the " Histories," shall succeed upon the stage. And that it was well-accepted by the audience on Monday night, may, therefore, be regarded as, to a considerable extent, complimentary to the company. For, speaking at large, they all played most carefully, and with an obvious design to do all they could to make the most and best of their parts. Mrs. Steele's Queen Katherine claims first mention for its ex pressive dignity, its clearness, and its thoroughness. She gave you the best pos sible notion of a woman wronged, but not degraded. She made the majesty ap parent, and yet the real woman always shone through the queen. Mr. Ireland had not a great deal to do as Buckingham, but his ability to eloquently expresB an unmerited wrong was never better illustrated. His dying speech was touchingly and gracefully expressed, and therefore quite natural and becoming. If I were to say that Mr. Ryan looked like the King Henry VIII, of my imagination, I should severely Btrain the truth. He was a useful king, and got through the business very well, all things considered ; and for anything I know he looked much more respectable than did that royal Blue Beard whom, in effusive moods, we are in the habit of calling bluff King HaL But bluff King Hal was a person of ample bodily area; a man of voluminous presence, who awed people by an overpowering will, and a bullying habit he had acquired, but who had, notwithstanding, a certain good fellow manner which helped people to forgive his hectoring. Mr. Ryan hardly gave me this notion of the author of the reformation. But I liked exceedingly Mr. Phillips's Crom well, for its simple straightforwardness; also the Griffith of Mr, Inglis, who was much happier as Griffith than as Lord Abargavenny. Mr. Fuller also played two parts; but in each one he gave me the impression of having just seen a ghost, which had frightened him a good deal The Surveyor and Cardinal CampeiuB of Mr. Griffiths were both dreamy. Like the wounded gladiator, " His thoughts were far away," or at least they seemed to be far. away, and as if he had no sort of sympathy, either with the Cardinal or the Surveyor. But Mr. A. Boothman made a fine muscular Duke of Norfolk; and Mr. Daniels a cheerful Lord Sands; and if Mr. Joyce, as the Lord Chamberlain, was dismal, he had probably good reason to be. Of the ladies other than Mrs. Steele, Miss Ruth Grey, as Anna Boleyn, had the advan tage in good looks; Mrs. Ryan deserves mention for her good make-up as an old lady of the Tudor period, and if Miss Bron ton, in the delivery of the air " Angels ever bright and fair," did not sing like the creatures she sang about, the reason probably was that she had hod nothing like the experience they are supposed to have hod. The scenery had much to recommend it, and the other particulars of dress and cir cumstance were consistently and carefully pre pared. Thus in one of the scenes there was a dance, also of the Tudor period, very character istically represented. So that, altogether, you may put down this present revival of "Henry VIII." as quite other than only an extemporised representation. The U.S. Minstrels at St. George's Hall furnish plenty of variety, and plenty of fun withal. Mr. Brown is a humourist of his own kind. He makes good use of his bulk to qualify his humour. You would never ex pect in a giant to see mercurial fun, but ydtl would look for masBive merriment, colossal vivacity. Mr. Brown doeB not flash lik? a waistcoat-pocket pistol, he makes a loud report like an Armstrong gun; but he is qniite as certain <>f his aim, and hits his mark jUst as unerringly.. He has a.startling faculty for! felling. When he foils he makes you thin# that, surely, np bone Of bis large boily iB left unbroken. Hie fun la solemn fun ^ it makes you laugh none the less. Its'very solemnity is its recommendation. The male soprano, Mr. Hoskina, astonishes me more and more. He is certainly a musical marvel Upon Mr. Kohler's varied ability you might descant long, and yet not exhaustively. I suppose there is nothing in the shape of a musical instrument he cannot play. His latest essay in the direction of novelty of this kind is upon the oca. rina. He has not yet played it ia. public, but he is shortly intending to play it. I have had the privilege of heat. ing him in private, and the effect is curious as well as agreeable. The ocarina is something the shape of a human Btomach straightened out, with a beak arising from the smaller curvature, audit is made of clay, baked. There are various sizes of them, the smallest giving out sounds v,v» „ r--' —1L!-" . , _—B'vmg out sounds like a cheerful whiBtle, the middle size dia. coursing like Jm amiable flute, and the largest suggesting an alliance with " .4. T I " w oo c> with, a bass clarionet. I have not the remotest notion upon what principle the ocarina is con. structed, but it has occurred to me that, per. haps, the inventor got his inspiration in. th» u: ' 6v«lunpirauon in. the days of his unhappy childhood, when some, body gave him a halfpenny, and he bought one of those earthenware ducks, by tently blowing into whose can drive" all persons who are 2 deaf into incurable mania. The however, is not likely to drive MyboSS at any rate not when Mr. Kohler plays it Mademoiselle Duboin played at the Popnlar Concert on Monday night at the Town- hall and was welcomed by a large and most friendly audience, as Bhe deserved to be There is no question that her style, repre senting, as it does, both power and airiness is singularly attractive, and gives her a facility of expression quite unusual She ought to be heard more frequently, and I should think it would be to the advantage of the promoters of these concerts to engage Mademoiselle as often as ever they have the opportunity. On Saturday night the Victorian Musical Artists' Society gave, at the Athermm, an entertainment of an unusually agreeable and refined character. There was not only the performance of high-class instrumental music, but this was arranged to illustrate an essay on the life of Mendelssohn, read by Mr. Jager. This was written with much care, and delivered with that Bort of enthusiasm which an accomplished musician like Mr. Jager is so well able to feel when discoursing of the genius of a man, whose life shona with a lustre sufficient to brighten all the past when looked at from the yet unsealed heights of the misty future. Such gatherings a3 these have a great use iu the higher edu cating influences, and it is a privilege to be permitted to attend them. At the Athenaeum on Tuesday night there was an amateur and musical performance foe the benefit of the Essendon and Flemingtoa Institute. The programme included some scenes from "The Merchant of Venice," "The Day After the Wedding,"and some very excellent vocal and instrumental music. In the comedietta Miss Alice Wooldridge took one of the female parts, and pleased everybody by the pretty piquancy with which she acquitted herself. The other female part was played by Miss Cohn, a young lady who, if I am not in error, made a very good first impression in an amateur performance some time ago at the Opera-house. The Metropolitan Liedertafel gave a gentle men's night on Wednesday, and, as usual ou these occasions, there was plenty of good entertainment to make one glad to be present, and equally to 'make those regret who were not able to be there. Signor Ortori was prin. cipal among the instrumentalists; Mr, Gue nett's piano-playing was worthy of hisgool reputation, and the choral-singing of ® Liedertafel was well up to the level of their established excellence. A very pleasant entertainment was given at the Town-hall on Thursday night, for the benefit of the Chinese Famm Fund. It consisted of scientific lectures X11UJU. lb uuuoigvww Wi. with experiments, the exhibition of scientific apparatus, and some of the more de licate handicraft work. Among all this music was interspersed, so that it will he seen thera was a great deal agreeably to interest Mr. Ellery, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Newbery, Mr. Foord, and the Reverend D. Fraser kindly •> » :—„ „„ nccflflion. It will gave their services on the occaswa. surprise nobody, therefore, to hearthat tba surprise » „n_nPo« of this conversazione was unques success w. tionable, and that it is to he repeated. I have received from Messrs. Foster and Martin, of Collins-street east, a photograph of Rnlanoe Navaro. It is one of Mademoiselle Solange Navaro, the best of the f "Slish. which have been sent from fteir e wmcn nave ueeu . ;n an ment For it is not only a J" ^ artiBtic sense, v*"> likeness. TAHITE. 