%dmt. ? PBEMAT UBK' BUiUALS. Th? diff?enoa between, death and ft ?Ut? : of tr?no?—or, a? the a?rin*n? put it; Todt and Sehtititodt— li?? n?Terbeen quite olearly undentood by tb? B?nemJity of mankind. Society, which aomelimes'does ita beal for the living, doea not always do its belt-for tbe dead (or those who appear to be dead), and h* would be a bold m?n who, without itatllliol, should aasert that men, women and children are never, by any obanoc, bnried alive in the Britiah lales. Are the bodies of the poor *lw?y? examined with oare before banal ? Are deaths properly verified in day* of epideinio, that is to say,. In days of social panto I I propose in this article to call attention to a few instances ol prematnra burials un lhu continent of Europe ; inataneea wliiph involve Btoriea of tranoe, or Scheintodl-- a trance, the semblance of death, holding ita away over the human body for hums and d*y>, and not merely for minutes,' aa in.the case of ordinary fainting fits. In days when land is dear, and. burial 'rights are lets sacred than the rights of builders and con tractors, puffins have been, opened with the piok-axe, in Iho apt of oonve-rling oeinateriea into streets and gardens. Her* a grave ha* been discovered whose inmate has lamed in its shrond; here a corpse olnlohing its hair in a strained! aud unnalurAl poaitiun ; dead' men and dead women lying in their graves as dsad men never lis in a Christian laud at. the moment of burial. The presumption ia tbat these peopia have beon legally mur ??; A law months ago a young and beautiful woman, ou ths eve ol her marriage with the man ahe loved, waa buried in the neighbour hood of Lodi, in Piedinent; in aooordanoe with the doctor's certificate. The doctor waa. of opinion that.'tbe girl had died from excitement —ovor-joy, it is said, at the pros pect of being, married, but .the legal samp tor the catastrophe was disease of lbs heart, and with this verdict her plaoe in society waa deolared, vaoant. When the. flrat shovelful of earth was thrown down on ths oofllu, strange noises wore hoard proceeding tuorufroni, " as of evil spirits disputing over, tha body of ths dead." -, Tho grave-diggers took to flight, and the mourners began pray ing; but the bridegroom, loss superstitious than the others, insisted on tba coffin helug unnalled. This was done; but too lute; thu girl was found in an attitude of horror and pain impossible to describe ; hor eyes wide open, hor teeth clenched, her. hands olutohmg hit hair. Lifo was extinct; but stbea laid in her shroud the day. before, her eyes woro closed, her hands were folded on hor breast as if in prayer. .-.'.' Tho " Medlpal Aoademy" of Milan, in on* bf ita sveekty reports, published ou Wednes day, 22nd March, 1818, quotes a case of tranoe which oooutred to an fex-nnn of the suppressed convent of St. Orsola, named Luola Marini. The lady was taken ill, and, to all ontward appaaranop, died; sho was known to be snbjeot to a peculiar kind ol fit, which required peculiar treatment, and wa? staying at the time of tho oatastrophoin the house ot a friend, who' had boon' a nun. The becchini (gravo-diggcis, who in this onto were the undertakers) insisted on burying the body before night; the surviving ex nun remonstrated, urging that she must first try tha pffePt of friction and mustard plasters applied to feet and Btomaoli. Pear ing to lose their fee, tbe men of death waxed wroth iv their contention, and, seizing the body by tbe shoulders, wero about to drag it out of its bed, when tbo "dead lady," moaning and muttering inarticulate auunrli, turned reatlesslyon h?r. pillow...The friend of Luola -Marini broke out into prayers, in terrupted by tears; tbo men let go thoir hold, and one of them (.the elder of the two) oroased hirusull devoutly. Tbe other, with a great oath, deolaxed it was " spasms';" the dead, in his opinion, being liablo to con vulsive movements if not properly straight ened. But humanity - prevailed over Igno rance, and cupidity gave way to medical skill. The lady svas thoroughly revived by a msdioal praotitionar of the neighbourhood, arid lived for many'a long day to tell the atory of her i-soape from the tomb. Another oase in point ia that of Cardinal Espinosa, aome time preaident of Castillo. Philip ihe Second, King of Spain, ono day, In a moment of irritation, addressed him us follows :—" Cardinal, tako heed.) YeSirare speaking to the President ot Castillo." . The cardinal understood that he was diamlaaed frein offioe (the king being hia own preai dent), aud tell to the ground as if stunned. Tbe pnlao showed no signs of ? life; the parted lips emitted no breath—tbo king's wrath bad slain bia minister. It was de cided that the unfortunato cardinal should be -out open and ombalmed. ..The aurgeon arrived and eommoncod hia- operations, when, lo I in the midst of tbe cutting tha patient awbko, and, with sorearus of agony attempted to struggle with his operator;: But il waa too late. Tho. wounds were mortal, and the oardinsl expired -before ths oomforta of religion oould be administered to him. In sorno instances the victims of tranoe have been known to xlao oat of their coffins. A case is reoorded of a young lady iv Leipzig.who, being reported dead during a nervous attack, was placed in her coffin, in; her parent.' house, and there kept duly dressed for the grave, svith thu lid "of tho coffin still liunailed. While tha family were nt aupper she appeared in her winding- sheet at the parlour door; pale and frightened, but fair to see, as before her auppoeed death. Father snd mother and sisters started up with ories of horror, and rushed out ol the room by another door, believing her to be a. ghost. It was only after a long intetyal, daring whioh they ooterod and found her at tbo table, eating and drinking,, that they persuaded themselves that the girl still lived. Thoy. found lier."coffin empty; ergo, the gbo?t in the parlour was.a living son! 1 Tho doctor, tho prlost, and the undertaker saw tho error ol their ways, and the deed svas bancplled whioh deplnred tho lady a corpse. On tho following year another deed was made out lor the same lady, and. the tame prlost officiated, but not the doctor or tho undertaker; The lady was married, and lived to be the mother of, many oblldren. But let ris'go back a century or two in tbeae inquiries. Wu come "upon tho atory of the Abbu Pruvelt, author'of " Manon Lea cant," and, earlier still, upon that of Pe trarch. PiovOt was found in' a foreat, one fine anmmor's clay, in a stale of complete un ponspionsnoss. Tho village dootor, who examined tho body, deolared that life was extinct, sndcommenoed what he; was pleased to term his ?o?f-mort?m exarnlnation. But at tho first lliruat of the knife the unlnoky author awoke, and, with a pieroing shriek, gave ;up the ghoat. Brnhier, tho bio grapher of PreSfOt, deplores thia event aa a serious loss to " literature. ?-.. " Manon Les osat," which Jules Janin oomplacently oalla the " Paul and VirginU " ot vloe, might, be opines, have bad a snoceaaor, if not a rival, Irora llio same pen. ' -'.-., Petrarch, when a middle-aged man; lay in Ferrara twenty hours in a state ol tranoe, and was to bo burled on the completion of th* time laid r3own by law, that is to say in loot hoTfrsi wnfa. a stuUUn Changs ol Ira peratnre cansod him to alart up in bis.bed. He'eprnplaiued of the draught apdreprimanded his attendants. They had allowed a current of cold air to Inll on his conchl Perhaps if the door bad been kept shut, tbe poot/SbOW ing no signs bf animation, wonld have.been bniied tbat day. I'etrarth wonld hay* bein defrauded of '<-. large portion ol hia lifo, and the world would have lost, in cpnseouenoe, some of. ita finest tonnets. , Mtsson, in hia "Medical Anecdotes"; tolla a story of a lady, who, in 1577, was bnried alive in Cologne. Thia lady was the wif* of a oonanl, and wa. plaoed in the family vault in gay attire with rings on hor fingers and a golden chainixonnd her- neck, as on' her weddlag-dar. Bobbera repaired to.'her grave at dead of "night to steal her jewellery, and were' taking lh? rings from her fingers, which Were damp and swollen, when tha. lady awoke; and, sitting bolt Upright, a* if Salvaniaid, aUred and.smiled at her visitors. n?' of th* three men foil down, in a fit, fearing the devil or bis agency, and the others took to their Keels " ** if puranod by fiends." The lady walked home", and was received by her husband, first with iear, and afterwards with transporta'of joy, and lived for many a')ong"day in health snd happiness. In th* Charob;of the Holy Apostles,- at Co. logne,' is "a pletnr* of the ionsnl's" wif o waking from the tenib, but' the".'.'event is "as cribed to a'miraele, and death, not * tr anoe, , is the snbjeot of the picture. ! '; ?' ' But the resnsoltated viotims of apparent death do not alwaya return aafe and sound— hale in body and in miud—fromth* land of shadow*. ;A okrabineer in the Pope's ser vice', named Lnigi Yittorl, wa., not long ago, conveyed "to the Roman hospital, arid there, nfiera few days' apnte suffering, registered at dead, hia disease being " asthma." A doctor,'glancing at the body, fancied he de tected algna ol Ufa in il, A. lighted taporwas applied to the nose oi ; the carabineer ; a' mirror w?s applied to his month ;.but alt without anocess. The body was pinohed anel beaten, the taper waa again applied, and fli) often and so obstinately ? that Ihe soso was burnt, and the patient, quivering in all his frame, drew abort spasmodic breaths—tore proofs, even to a uon-profeaaionat witness, that the soldier waa not .'altogether dead. The doctor applied other remedies, and iv s abort time the o'orpse was: deolared to be a living m?n. LnigiYittori left tha hospital to resume his duties aa carabineer, bnt his nose—a scarred and oritnson.beaoon on his i fuce—told till he died (whioh was Boon 'after ward*) tho sad'Btory of his cura in the vary jaws of the grave.:'. Stories are laid pf men who, after sentonoo of death at the hands of the doctors, returned to Ufa blighted iv intellect. Some of theae victims of mtdioal incapacity wero- men Of position in aoofety, but olliers—iho great majority—ware'poor-and iriendlas.. Hos pital oasis have principally, to do with the poor, and in hospitals, in warm, oountriea; patients who show signs of approaohing dissolution are quickly disposed of. Camilla de Lellis, the! founder of an order of hospital monks, or brothers,of charity, spanks is his memoirs of the "freqnenoy of premature burials in Italy; " Ah, moroiful. God I" he exclaims piously, Mhow many living men aadwonien ire annually taken to their graves in Ibis Chrlaiian oountry 1" Oamilio was of opinion that the viotims might be numbered by many snores—nay, by hundreds—la the course of a single year. One day, after visiting the bads of the sick in a certain hospital in Lomburdy, of > which the name has been left in,blank, , Oamilio emoted tho morgue, and found strawn upon the floor a greafuumbur of] corpses, one of which was bleeding profusely from the bend. A dead man cannot bleed in this way, thought,Oamilio, and had the body taken to auotber room, and there exatniried, The man svas alive, and but:for on acoideut would have xeoeived barial. Ho had been thrown to the ground with some violonoe a a abort time previously, and then and there receiving tho wound" above .'.alluded ; to, recovered consciousness. But he only sur vived his sentence of death throb: days ; hei died of tbo blow whiph had awakened him from his trance.: . : But there are double - deaths^—twofold burialsr—which are perhaps the most horrible of nil. Soolety thinks it is burying one per son, bnt tho "deoeased," being a woman, may from tho point ot view of maternity inolnde two -lives,' or oven more, Gaeparo IlejP? tails tbo atory of a ohild born in tba tomb whose mother was bnried. alive. The lady was .tho wife of a .man of property named Prancesoo Orvallos, and "died," while far advanced in pragnanoy, during hor lmaband'a absence. Orvallos, returning home the day after the funeral, had the tomb ripened, not becauso he snspeoted loul play, but beoauao ho wished to gaze ouoe mora On the face of bis beloved. The lady was iv truth dsad, hut death had tianapired ia the grave. A- child,;- struggling--into existeuee.inat the gaze of the bereaved hua- j band, and was removed without difficulty by a medloal assistant. The mother v."a ouoe more consigned to the dust, hut tha ohild lived to ha a man, and carrying till hia death the namo of "Fruit of tbu Earth," oooripied for several years the poat of llontenant-ganeralon the frontiers of Cherez. This story is reproduced hy the lato protestor -Cotnl in bis treatise ou " Apueology." Those svho doubt.it have ouly to road tbo following' hooouat of what .is oalled " Involuntary Homicide," which happened in the SoiUh of Italy (at Castel del Giudioe) in Novambor last, and ol which aooonnts were .published at the time in the Neapolitan and English papers... . . . 