::j§m km sketches* '?-r;' VIXEN.* 'is- ?:,??.-? A NEW NOVEL, ? ? ? :- ;? BY MISS: M. E. -BRADDON. . AtlTHOROP 'Ladi Aodley's Seoket,'1 tic; &c; Chapter IV.— Rorie Makes a- Speech. /.Somewhat to bia surprise, and much' to his dehght,' Roderick Vawdroy ^escaped that' mator 'nallecture' which he was wont undutifull'y to. describe as a 'wigging.' ' When ho entered the 'drawing-room in full!dress just about ten minutes t)e'for'o tho Grat of. the guests was announced, Ladj Jane received him with a calm affectionate does, and asked him ho questions about his dis« posal of tbo afternoon. Perhaps this unusual clemency was becauso of his twenty-first birthday, Hbrio thought. A man could not come of age 'more than pnee in his life. He 'was entitled to aomo favor. ; ? ; ' The dinner-party was as other dinners at Briar wood: all the arrangemen ts.1 perfect ; the menu commendablrt, if not.new : the general result a little dull; ' The Ashbourne party wero among the firat to arrive ; the duke portly and affablb jtho duchess delighted to welcome her favorite nephew ; Lady .Mabel looking very fragile, flower-like, and graceful in her pale blue gauze dinnor dress. Lady Mabel affected the palest lints, half-colors which were rnoro like the shadows in a sunset sky than any earthy hues. .-. She took possession of Rorie at ? once, treating him with a calm, superiority, as if ho had been a younger brother. ? ? '.Tell me all about Switzerland,' she said, as they, gat side by side on one of the ambor otto mans.. ' WUat was it that you liked best .?' ' The climbing, of course,' ho answered. 'But which of all tho landscapes ? What struck you most ? What impressed you moat deeply? Your first view of Mont Blanc, or that wondrous gorge below tho Tete Noire, or ? V ' It was all uncommonly jolly. But there's a family resemblance in Swiss mountains, don't you know? They're all white— and they're all peaky.: There's a likeness in Swiss lakes,. too, if you como to think of it. They're all blue, and they're all wet. And Swiss villages; now— don't you think they are rather disappointing ? — such a cruel plagiarism of those plaster chalets tho image men carry about the London streets, and no candle ends burning inside to make 'em look pretty. But I liked Lucerne uncommonly, there was such a capital billiard table at the hotel.' ' Roderick ! ' cried Lady Mabel, with a dis gusted look. ' I don't think you have a vestige of poetry in your nature.' ' I hope I haven't,' replied Rorie devoutly. '.' You could see those sublime scenes, and never once feel your heart thrilled or your mind exalted — you can como home from your first Swiss tour and talk about billiard-tables ! ' ' The scenery was very nice, ' said Rorio thoughtfully, ' Yes ; there were times, perhaps, ?when I was a trifle stunned by all that grand calm beauty, the silence, the solitude, the awful Bess of it all ; but I had hardly time to feel tho thrill when I came bump up against a party of tourist0, English, or American, all talking the same twaddle, and all patronising tho Bcenery. That took the charm out of the landscape somehow and I coiled up, as tho Yankees say. And now you want me to go into second-hand raptures, and repeat my emotions, as if I were writing a tourist article for a magazine I can't do it, Mabel.' ?' Well, I won't bore you any more about it,' said Lady. Mabel, ' but I confess my disappoint ment, I thought we should have such nice talks . about Switzerland.' ' What's the use of talking of a place ? If it's bo lovely that one can't lire without it, one had better go back there.' This was a practical way of putting things which ?was too much for Lady Mabel. She fanned her self gently with a great fan of blue cloudy looking feathers— such a fan as Titania might have usod that midsummer night near Athens. Sbe re lapsed into a placid silence, looking at Rorie thoughtfully with her calm blue eyes. His travels had improved him. That bronze huesuited him wonderfully well. He lookod more manly. He was no longer a beardless boy, to be. patronisod with that gracious eldost sister air of Lady Mabel's. She felt that ho was further *P'ublfaIiod by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved, V 4bfl; from her thap lie' had ,' bean .Iastadasoa. in 'fipnddp;. ' '.'.'.' ': ~'\ '?:' . '..''.,'.''.',.'?? :- ''':: \ 'Hb w -late ybu.&m;'yed tliia evening,'!' sTio . said; 'after, a pause. ' l.camo to kettledrum with my; 'atint,.ahd.fbunJ'hcr quite, 'anxious, about you. 'If if. hadn't bden.fbr your telegram from South ampton, she would have fancied' there was some thing wrong.' , ?',' *-: She noedn't have fidgeted herself alter , three 'o'clock,' answered Rorie coolly.; 'my luggage 'must bavo.cotno home by that time,' ; 'I see. You sent .the luggage on before, and ;camo by a later train?' ' . ' ';; ' No, I didn't! I stopped half-way. bo- 'tween Jiero and Lyndhurst to see bouio old friends.' 'Flattering f6r my aunt,' said : Mabel. ' I 'B.hould havo thought fcho was your oldest 'friend.' : ' '„ ' Of courso she. has the prior claim. . But as I 'was going to. hand myself over to hor bodily at sevon o'clock, to bo speechified about; and rendered generally ridiculous, aftar the manner of. young men who como of age, 1 felt I was entitled to do '\vhat I'H'k'cd in the interval.' ' And therefore you went to the Tempests'' .saiJM'abol, with hor blue eyes sparkling. 'I see. That is what you do- when you do what you like.' . ' ''Precisely. I am very. fonddf Squire Tonipest. When I first rode to' hounds, it wa3 under hia :wing. Thoro's my mother bockoning mo ', I am to go and do the civil to poople.' ' And Roderick walked away from the ottoman to thespot whero his mother stood, with thoDuko of Dovodale at her side, receiving her guests. It'wsis a very grand party, in the way of bliio blood, landed estates,, diamonds, laco, satin and volvct, and self-importance. All tho magnates of the soil within accessiblo. distanco of, Briarwood had assembled to do honor to Rorie's coming of age. Tho dining tables had been arranged iii a 'horso-Bhoc, so a» lo accommodate soventy people 'in. a room which in its every day condition would not liavo been too large for thirty. Tho orchids and ferns upon this horse- shoo table mado tho 'finest floricultural show that, had beon seen for a long time. Thore wero rare specimens from New Urenadaand the Philippine Islands ; wondrous flowers lately discoved in the Sierra Mad re ; 'blossoms of every shapo and color from tho Cor dilleras ; richest variotios of hue, golden yellow, glowing crimson, creamy white ; butterfly ilowora and pitcher-shaped flowers, that had cost as much ; money as prizo pigeons, and seemed as worthless, save to tho connoisseur in the article. The Vaw droy racing plate, won by Roderick's grandfather, was nowhere by comparison with those wondrous ' tropical blossoms, that fairy forest of .fern. Every body talked about tho orchids, confessed their comparative ignoranco of the subject, andcompli. montnd Lady Jane. ' The orchids, made tho hit of the evening,' Rorie said afterwards. 'It was their coming of age, not mine.' Tliero was a moderate and ondurable amount of speechifying, by-and-by, ,. when the 'monster .double- crowned pineshadbeen cut, and the purple grapes, that wero almost as big as plgeona' eggs, had gone found. . . . . .Tho Duke of Do.vedale assured his friends that this wa3 one of. the .proudest momentsof hislifo, and that if Providence had permitted a son of his own to attain his majority hej the duke, could havo hardly felt more deeply than he felt to-dayf He had — arra— arra — known this young maa from childhood, and— had — er — urn— nover found him guilty of a mean action— or— arra— discovered in him a thought unworthy of an English gentle man. This last is felt to be a stroDg point, as it im plies that an English gentleman must needs bo much better than any other- gentleman. A Continental gentleman might, of coursft, bo guilty of an unworthy thought and yet pass current,, according to the loose morality of his nation. But the English article must bo flaw less. And thus the duke meanders on for five minutes or bo, and thore is a. subdued gush of approval and then an uncomfortablo little pause, and then Rorie gets up in his place, next to the duchess, and returns thanks. He tells them all how fond he is of them and the soil that bred them. How ho means to be a Hampshire squire, pure and simple, if he can, How he has no higher ambition than to be useful and to do good in this little spot of England which Providence has given him for his inherit ance. How, if ha should go into Pailiament by and-by, as he has some thoughts of attempting to do, it will bo in their iutorests that ho will join that noble body of. legislators ; that it will be they and their benefit ho will haye always nearest at heart. ?'There ib not a tree in the forost that I do not love,' cried Rorie, fired with hia theme, and forgetting to stammer; ' and I believe there is not a' tree,, from the Twelve Apostles to the Knightwood Oak, or a patch of gorse from Picket Post toStony Cross, that I do not know as well as I know the friends round me to-night. I was born in the forest, and may I live and die and be buried here. I have just come back from seeing some of the finest scenery in Europe ; yet, with out blushing for my want of poetry, I will confsss that tho awful grandeur of those snow-clad mountains did noo touch my heart so deeply as our beechon glades and primrose-carpeted bottoms close at home. There was a burst of applauso after Rorie's speech that made aft tho orchids shiver, and nearly annihilated a thirty guinea Odontoglossam Vexillarium. His talk about the forest, irrelevant as it might bo, went home to the hearts of tho neighboring land owners. But by-and»by, in the drawingvoom, when he Tejoined Lib cousin, he found that fastidious young lady by no means complimentary. 'Your speech would have beon capital half a century ago, Rorie,' she said, 'and you dou't arra — arra— as poor papa does, which is something to be thankful for, butall that talk about the forest seemed to mo an anachronism. Peopla are not rooted in their native soil nowadays, as they used to be in tho old stage-coach times, when it was a long day's journey to London. One might as well be a vegetable at once if one is to bo pinned down -to one particular spot-of earth. Why, tkoTwolve Apostles,' exclaimed Mabel, innocent oI.irreTer cucc, for she meant certain ancient oaks so named, ? ,, .I,, i ., -'II 'Bepaamucii of lifri as.7y.our Cue old English gentleman,. Men have wider ideas nowadays. The world is hardly big enough' for. ambition.' 11 1 would rather livo in a fiold, and strike my roots deep down Uiioono of thb3o trees, than bo ahomoless nomad with, a world.wido ambition,' ans-wcred Rdrio; 'I have- a passion for home,' 'ThenI wonder you. spend so little tiino in -«?'??.. 'Oh, I don't mean a homo insido four walls. Tho forost is my homo,, and . Briarwood is no dearer to me than any other spot in it.' . 'Nob' so dear aa the Abbey Houso, per hapa?' , ' Well no. I confess that fino old Tudor man sion pleases me hotter than this abode of straight lines, aud Fronck windows, plate-glass and gilt mouldings.' They sat side by aide upon tho ambor ottoman, Rorie wilk.Mabol'3 bluo feather fan in his hand, twirling and. twisting it as ho talked, and doing moro.damago to that elegant articlo in a quarter of au' hour, than . . a twolvomonth's legitimate uaago would havo dono. Peoplo looking at' tho pretty pair smiled significantly, and concluded that it would be a- match, and went homo aud told less privileged peoplo about tho evident at tachmonl between the duko'a daughter and tho young commoner. But Roiio was not Btrongly drawn towards hia cousin this evening. It seemed to him that she was growing more and more of a paragon ; and ho hated paragons. She played presently, and afterwards sang some French chansons. Both playing and sing ing wore perfect of their kind, Rorio did not, understand Chopin, and thought thero waa a good deal of unnecessary hopping about tho piano in that sort of thing— nothing concreto,' or that came to a f ocu3 ; asuccession of airy mean dering*, a fairy dance in tho treble,a goblin hunt in tho ba3s. But tho French chansons, tho dainty little molodios with words of infantine innocenco, all about leaves and birds, aud birds'-nosts and buttoiilies pleased him infinitely. Ho hung over tho piano with an enraptured air ; aud again his friends mado note of his subjugation, and ro gistcrcd the fact for future discussion. Chapter V.- How She Took the News. It-was past midniuht when tho Tempest car riage drove through the dark rhododendron shub-. bories- up to tho old Tudor porch. There was a great pile of lo»3 burning in tho hall; giving tho home-comers cheery welcome. Thero wasan an tiqne silver spirit stand with its accompaniments on one little tablo on tho opposite side of the hearth for Mrs. Tempest, with a dainty tcasor vico sparkling and shining in the red glow, A glanco at these arrangements would have told you' that thero wero old servants at tho Abboy .Houso, servants who know their master's and mistress's ways, and for whom sorvico. was^ ' morc-or less a labor of love. ' How nice,'said tho lady, with a contented sigh. 'Paulino has thought of my cup of : tea.' '' And Forbes has not forgotten my apda water,' remarked the squiro. He said nothing about the brandy, which he was pouring into, the tall glass with a liberal hand, -Pauline came'totake off her mistress's cloak, and was praised for her thoughtfulnesa about tho tea, and then dismissed for tho night. The squiro liked to stretch his legs. before hia own fireside after dining out ; and with tho squire, as with Mrs. Squeers, tho, leff-slretohing process.involved the leiauroly consumption of a good deal of brandy and water. Mr. and Airs. Tempest talked over the Briar wood dinnor party, and arrived— with perfect Rood nature— at tho conclusion that it had boon a failure. 'The dinner was excellent,' said the squire, ' but the wine went round too bIow ; my glasses wero empty half tho time. That's always tbo.way where you've a woman at tho helm. She won't put out enough wine, and she won't trust herBer vants with the keys of the collars.' ' The dresses were lovoly,' said Mrs. Tempest, ': but everyone looked bored. How did you like ray dress, Edward? I think it'a. rather good style. Theodore will chargo me horribly for it, I daresay.'i . 'Idon't know much aboul youjj dress, Pam, but you wero tho prettiest woman in the room,' 'Oh, Edward, at my ago !' exclaimed Mrs. Tempest, 'with a pleasedrlo'ok, ' when there was that lovely Lady Mabel Ashbourne.' ' Do you call her lovely ?— I don't. Lips loo thin; waist too slim ; too much blood, and too little bone.' 'Oh, but surely, Edward, sho is grace itself ; quite an ethereal creature. If Violet had more of that refined air ? ' ; 'Heaven forbid. Vixen is worth twenty such fine-drawn misses. Lady Mabel has been Bpoiled by ov3r training.' ' Roderick is evidently in love with her,' suggested Mrs. Tempest, pouring out another cup of tea. . The clocks bad just struck two, the household was atrest, the logs blazed and cracked merrily, the red-light shining on those mail-clad effigies in tho corners, lighting up holm and . hauberk, glan cing on greaves and gauntlets. It was an hour of repose and gossip which the squire dearly loved. Hush ! what is this creeping softly down the old oak staircase?. A slender white figure with cloudy hair ; a small pale face, and two dark eyes shining with excitement ; little feet in black velvet slippers tripping lightly upon tho polished oak. Is it a ghost ? No ; ghosts aro noiseless, and those little slippers descend from stair to etair with a gentle pit-a-pit. ' ' Bless my soul and body !' cried the squire ; 'what's this?' A gush of girlish laughter was his only an» swer. ' Vixen !' ' Did you take me for a ghost, papa?' cried Violet, descending the last five stairs, with a flying leap, and then, bounding across the hall lo perch, light as a bird, upon her father's knee. 'Did I really frighten you? Did you think the good old Abboy House was. going to set up a fa mily ghost; a tvbito lady, with a diamal history of a. broken hpart ?? You darling papa ! I' hopeyou. Wk mefor.aghosb I'' ..'.'..''. 'Well, upon ruy, word, you know, Vixen, I was just tho least bit staggered. Your litllo whito figuro looked like something . uncanny against tho black oak balustrades, half in . light, half in shadow.!1 'How nico,' exclaimed Violot. ' Bur, my dear Violet,: what can havo induced you to como down stairs at. such an hour.?!' said Mrs. Tempost in an aggrieved voico. 'I want to hear all about tho party, mamma,' answorod Vixen coaxingly. 'Do you -think I could sloop s wink on tho night of Rorie's coming of ago. I heard tho joy-bella ringing in my ears all night.' ' That was very ridiculous,' B.iid Mrs. Tempest, ' for thoro wero no joy.bolle after olevoa , o'clock yesterday.' 'But they rang all tho samo,, mamma. . It-was no uso burying my head in the pillows ; thoso bolls only rang tho louder. Ding-dong, ding-dong, dull, Rorio's como of ago; ding-dong, .doll, Rorio's twonty-oue.. Then I thought oE thospooches that would bo mado, and 1 fancied I could hear Rorio . speaking. Did ho mako a good spaech, papa ':' ' Capita^ Vix ; tho oaly ono that was worth hcariug.' , . 'Iaraso glad! And. did he look handsome while ho was speaking? I think tho Swiss : sun shiiio has ratherover-.cookod.him, you.kuowi; but ho is not unbecomingly, brown.'. , 'Ho looked as handsomo a young fellow jvs you need wish to sot eyos-on,'.' 'Mydcar Edward/' remonstrated Mrs; Tom post, languidly, 'do you think it is quitowiso of you to oncourago Violet iu that kind of talk ?' ' Why should sho not talk of him ? She never hada brother, and he stands in tho placo of ono to hor. 'Isn't Roiio the sauio to you as an elder brothor, Vix?''' Tho girl's head was on her father's shoulder, ono slim arm ronnd his neck, hor faco hidden against tho Equiro's coat-collar. Ho could not sso tho deep warm blush that, dyed his daughter's check fib this homo question, ' I don't quito know what an older brother would belike, papn. Eut-I'm very fond of Rbrie when he's nico, and comes to seo us before anyone clso, as ho did to-day-.' ? --- ' And when be staysaway ? ' 'Oh, then I hate him awfully,' oxolaimed Vixen,, with such onergythat.the slender Dguro trembled faintly^aa she spoke. 'But toll mo all about tho.party, mamma. Your dress was. quito ,tho prettifist, I am 6uro?'V ? , 'I'm not/ certain of that, Violet,' aniwered Mrs,. Tempest with grave ; deliberation, «as if .the question woro, far too. serious to - bo.answored lightly. 'Thero was a, cream-colored silk, with silver bullion fringe,, that was very striking.. As' a rule, I.dotost gold or silver trimmings;; but this wasrcally elegant. It had an effect -liko- moon- light,!' ? . : , . , , ,? 'Was that Lady .Mabel Ashbourno'e; dross?' aBkod .Vixen, eagerly.' . , .',' No ; LadyMabol wore blue gauze— the vory palest bluo,-. all. puffings and-.ruohings— liko a cloud.' .-.- . ? : -..-,. .' Oh, mamma ! the clouds have ? uo puflingB ? and i-eshings.' ' My.dear, I mean iho generol effoct— a «ort of Bhadowiness which suits Lady Mabel's ethereal stylo.' ; : 'Ethereal!' repealed Violet thoughtfully; 'you seem to admiro hor 'very much, mamma,1' : 'Everybody admires her, my dear.' . ' Baoause she isa duke's ouly daughter/' 'No;, because aho is very lovoly, and ex .Iromely elegant, and most accomplished.' Sho played and nang beautifully to-nighl.' . 'What did.sho play, mamma?' . 'Chopin!' ' . 'Did.ahe!' cried Vixen. 'ThenI pity her. Yos, even if she woro my worst enemy I should still pity her.' ; 'People who are- fond of music don't; mind difficulties,' aaid Mrs. Tcmpoat. ? 'Don't they? Then I suppose I'm not fond of it, because I shirk my practice. But I should bo very fond of music if I could grind it on a barrel organ.1' ? i. ' Oh, Violet, when will you be liko Lady Mabel Ashbourne?' 'Never, I devoutly hope,' said tho: squire;' Here the squire gave hia daughter a hug' which might mean anything, ' Never, mamma,' answered Violet wltt con viction. 'First and foremost, I nevor can' bo lovely, because I have red nair and a wide mouth. Secondly I can never be elegant— much lets etheroal— becauseit isn't in me. Thirdly, I shall never bo accomplished, for poor Mnra M'Croko is always giving me up as the baddest lot in tho way of pupils that ever camo in her way.' ' If you persist in talking in that horrible way, Violet- ? ' ?' Let her talk as she like,?, Pam,' Eaid the fond fathor. '1 won't bayo her bitted too heavily.' Mrs. Tempest gave her gentle sigh of resignation. The squiro was all that ia dear and good as hus band and father, but refinement was out' of his line. 'Do go on about tho party, mamma. Did Rorie seem to enjoy himself very much ?'' ' I think so*. He was very devoted to his cousin all the evening. I believe they aro engaged to bo married, ' ' Mamma !' exclaimed Vixen, starting up from her reclining atlitudeupon her father's shoulder, and looking intently at the speaker ; ' Rorie en gaged to Lady Mabel Ashbourne !' 'So I am told,' replied Mra. Tempest, 'It will be a splendid match for him.' The pretty chestnut head dropped back into its old plaoo upon the Equiro'B. shoulder, and Violet answered never a word. 'Past two o'clock,' cried her mother. ' This 1b really too dieadful. Come, Violet, you and I must go upstairs at any rate,' ' Wo'll all go,' taid the squire, finJBhicg hia second brandy and soda. So they all three went upstairs together. Vixen had grown suddenly silent and sleepy. Sho yawned dolefully, and kisEcdhcr mother and father at the end of the gallery, without a word; and then ecudded off, swift as a scared rabbit, to her own room. ' God bless her !' exclaimed. the i-quiro 'eho firows prettier and moie winning every day,' 'If bor mouth wcrj only a littlo smaller/} sighed Mrs. Tempest. ' . .'JU'u.tho prottiost mouth II ovor eaw.lJpbS woman— bar ono,' said tho squire. . i . What was Vixen doing while tho f ond , I h,\faQi ' ivas praising hor ? ' ' ; '; Shohad locked hor door, and thrown hc'rspl^ ' faco downwards on tho carpot, and was aobbuia : as if. hor heart would broak, . : Rorio was going to bo marriod. Her jittfy ; kingdom had boon overturned by a revolution, hor littlo world had crumbled all to pieces. Til} to-night sko had boon aquoon in her own mind, and hor kingdom had beon Rorio, her subjects had begun and ended in.llorio, All was ovorj' Ho belonged to aomoono elso. Sho could noyel tyranniso over him again— nevor scold him, and abuso him and ridicule him any more. Ho waD i her Rorio no longer. ,'. Had sho evor thought that a tiino might como whon ho would bo Homolhing moro to her than playfellow aud friond ? No, never. Tuc youn^ bright mind was too childishly aimplo for anj such foresight or calculation. Sho had onlj thought that ho was in Bomowiso hor property, and would bo so till tho ond of both tboir lives,' ; Ho was Iioi-b, and ho was vory foiid of her, and eba thought him a ratlior absurd young follow, &n;$ looked down upon him from tho attitude of no* childish womaulinoss. ? Aud now ho was Kono. Tho earth had oponctl ?all at once and swallowed him, liko that propholio gontloman in tho Greok play whoso iiamo 'filil could nover rcmomber— chariot and horues ani, all. Ho belonged honcoforlh to Lady Mabel'-A^h* J bourno. Sho could never bo rudo to bira^atj} moro. Sho could not lake such a liberty 'with anothor young lady'a lovor. : -- 'And to think that ho should nover havo-^ tolcj mo ho was going to bo marriod to hor,' tho saii], 'IIo must have boon fond of hor from tuVyery1 beginning; and ho never said a word ; arid lid lol mo think ho rather likod mo— or at least; toleri atod mo. And how could ho liko two people. who are tho vory antipodes of oach othor? li'ho.-ig fond of her ho must detent me, IflioroBpcctflhos he must dcapiso me.' ?;. The thought of suck trcaohory rankled dcop in thoyoung warm heart. Vixon startod up:lo hey foot, and stood in tho midst of tho firolit. room',' with clenched fists, like a young fury. Tho light) chestnut tressos should have beon. Medoea'D Biiakes to, havo harmoninod with that sob whitd faco. God had given Violet Tompoat a hoart'-to feel deeply, too dcoply for perfect poaco, or that angolic soflnesa.which Booms to us most wovlh'y io waman— tho powor to suffor and bo patient,1* '??'' 