Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. WHENEVER any hon. member in the House fancies we are likely to have a dull time of it on Thursday, he gives notice of bringing forward some antiquated question—something "definitely settled," like the Chinese. Such an hon. member is Kidgell, who, for fear the Chinkies might fade out of mind, intends to prevent them mining on any new goldfield for at least three years. Then there is Perkins ; he wants gas in Toowoomba, as if that commodity was not already too abundant there, and then there is McLean and his hydropathic amendment of the Publicans Act ; not to mention Grimes, who would like to increase the quorum the House ; and several other hon. members, each with a hobby of some sort, taking shape principally in demands on the public purse. It was not long before we commenced real work this week. First the Premier thought it would be "convenient" to state what Ministers really did mean to do with the Electoral Bill. So far the bill was the same as that which had been drafted except for the "very important" altera- tion made by wiping out Beattie. Then he burst forth into a whole volume of "ings." Considering, believing, securing, passing, doing, bracketing, and so on ad inf. all in one breath, and therefore he emphatically stated he could not accept the extinction of the tribe of Beattie even at the peril of his life. Douglas proceeded to Groom. Groom was a so-called "supporter " of the Government, but he was not, because Groom knew nothing about progress. Conse- quently Fortitude Valley should be reinstated. McIlwraith admired Douglas muchly for all he had said, but if he wanted to block bis own bill, or even his head, he couldn't set about it better. The Premier surely must be anxious to com- plicate matters, so that the bill would have to go. As to the bill being the same as be- fore the committee got their teeth into it, that was certainly meant for "chaff" as of seven and a-half pages now constituting the Government measure, five were erased and two were amendments, leaving half a page of original matter, chiefly composed of short title. Then Mac went into figures, but they did not do me any good. If he could only satisfy the Assembly that the colony was indebted to the Abstainer family in about four millions, then I could see something in it. As it is, figures aint worth a cent, and so Samivel thought and said MacI. had better confine himself to matters that he understood, or were really before the com- mittee. Now, Pring cannot allow Griffith to speak lately without backing him up. Govern- ment having "shadowed" forth their policy—it generally is a rather lean sort of ghost, and not a patch on D'Arcy Read's—Pring had expected MacI. to cross over and fall on the Premier's neck and weep out there his support of the pro- position, but now he saw that MacI.'s dodge, was to "box" with the Premier—S. and B. of course. Another limb of the law followed Pring, Thompson to wit, and he maintained that if Douglas would only go the right way to work, and have the bill thrown out properly, the Oppo- sition would assist in the interment, which should be decent and in order. Then Thompson took up the cry of preponderating Brisbane influence, and intimated his intention, when he reaches the Treasury Benches, of setting apart hours daily for the reception of Brisbane deputations. Up till now Ministers had been getting very much the worst of it but just at this moment Grimes turned up with " a few remarks." When Grimes speaks, he generally " holds" this, that, and the other. On this occasion he held on to the back of the Treasury benches, and questioned MacI.'s figures, and actually put MacI. in the wrong to such an extent that he (Grimes) would feel bound to vote for the reinstatement of Beati-tude Valley. And to think Grimes has been thus long in the colony only to make hash of McIl- wraith at last. When Grimes had done, Garrick began in stentorian tones his inevitable party speech. Mac's idea was evidently to divide and conquer, having thrown down the bone. Well, there isn't much in a bone, and if MacI. and Garrick can't get something better than a bone to mumble over, or a "fossil," as Mac calls Garrick, they had better make way for the Irre- pressible, in terrorem, over everybody's head. Walsh did not like Garrick always trying to overawe, and dazzle, and whitewash, and threaten hon. members, and he protested against it. The Irre. believed Ministers' aim was to divide too—but it was the spoil, the saccharine matter and " greed " which they went for. He pitied Brisbane ; so he did. Many's the time, from early morn till dewy eve, he had sat on a sharp- cornered stone on Wickham-terrace, and wailed forth "Brisbane! Brisbane !! Thou that stonest the Opposition, and will have none of ME ; how often would I have gathered the eggs out of the hen-roosts of thy inhabitants, and they would not." And here was a bill of vast im- portance to be addled because of a petty electo- torate ! Oh, what a rotten electorate ! OH, what rotten bill !! OH, for a good corner- stone and foundation !!! Oh, that the inhabi- tants themselves would but cry out! And oh that Ministers were in a fog, and that the phalanx sitting behind the Premier had driven them into that state ! Now, why call Jacob a " phalanx ?" Really, the Irrepressible is unjust. Where is there, let me ask, the slightest particle of the Macedonian about Mr. Low ? And a " phalanx," too. No, this is too rough. Let there be pistols for two and coffee for one, and let it be done across the table on the floor of the House. But then a duel. Imagine the Irrepressible in a duel; nay, imagine the Patriarch in a duel, except a dual capacity. But this is mixing it ; I will to Beattie. Beattie had heard Walsh call the Valley—(the main drain the Valaisans consider it) —a petty electorate. It was not. Nobody of that name would ever sit for the Valley. Mr. Walsh having evaded Beattie, the latter went on to say he had increased lately, that he could swamp North Brisbane, which was most undesirable, and this induced Ivory to find his feet for the purpose of " lambasting" Garrick, who had, in a moment of excitement, said something about the lands. Ivory believed Garrick had lands on the brain, and that any moment they might see a stately banana or, perhaps, a cornstalk gracefully waving from the summit of his capital. The thing was absurd, but then the Ministry merely wanted it as a stalking horse—not a stalk of corn—on which to go to the country. But they would fail. Whereupon our friend Kingsford got up, and thought Ivory was sore and couldn't for the life of him make out what roads, and bridges, and taxes had got to do with the bill. But the time would come—yes, the time would come— when they would pile gold at the feet of Kings- ford to get him into office. About this time everyone was getting tired of that horrible Valley. Fortunately Morehead came to the rescue. Douglas meant to imperil the bill with high falutin' speeches. First of all the Premier would allow no " mangling done here" in committee, and, behold, they had turned the handle of the machine till the bill was a rag. I feel inclined to turn to poesy for a parallel, and commence— Cheer boys cheer, my mother's bought a mangle ; Cheer boys cheer, we stuffed it full of stones— but as the bill has had little stuffed into it, and has been very much mangled, it's hardly worth while to go on and tell you how " the committee turned the handle." Henceforward expect to see " mangling done here " over the entrance to the Chamber. But returning to Morehead, he was just getting to Miles at the Teviot, when that great Reformer, the Martin Luther or John Knox of the Ministry, had said that the Ministry was no good and worked out, and Miles having said this, had seated himself on a pile in the middle of the river, and, having cracked a bottle of champagne, had prayed." Now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, for I don't see any more liquor about." Now, if Miles could express himself in that way the Ministry ought to retire into that obscurity from which most of them had arisen, and make room for better men, among whom he might mention Kingsford. Kingsford at once denied this, and let in the Premier, who appears as " I " in " Hansard," and who denounced those who ought to have been his supporters, but who had seceded. Amongst " Secesh " are Beor, Per- kins, and Groom, and, since that Opposition " feed" the other night, Kidgell ; but Beor alone has had the courage to cross over to the other side of the House. We now listened to the Irrepressible, who chose traitors for his theme, and commencing with Judas Iscariot, he passed on to the hon. members for South Brisbane and Bundanba and the Minister for Works in succession, principally with the object of mangling those hon. gentle- men as they had never yet been operated on. The outcome of this was a point of order, but it fell off ; and failing further discussion, we listened to Palmer, who was in a vicious frame of mind, and went for the Attorney- General's " brain" till he had well-nigh buried Master Sammy in an early grave. Being still savage, he next turned on Beattie, and elicited from him that a certain petition signed by " one" was all the signatures that could be got to reinstate Fortitude Valley ; and having cauterised Beattie, he turned full blast on to Miles, whom he accused of opening a dirty little bridge and having a jubilee over it. Miles being disposed of and chained up, he went for Garrick with a meat axe, and accused him of playing a nice little game down at Humpybong. Garrick jumped into the arena " at wanst." He invited Admiral Palmer Pasha to say anything he liked or could, and defied him, and defied him on the spot, and re-defied him, and would you believe it Mr. Morgan—I mean Mr. Editor —the admiral was not game. For once in his life he reconsidered, and drew in his horns, and would make fur- ther enquiries. And no doubt he will, but it is a pity he wasn't game. There would have been such a sweet little row, and inkstands and paper- knives would have taken part in the conflict. MacI. eventually got in a point of order by a side-wind. At least this was what he meant to do, and he just did so much as induced Pring to inform the committee with much gravity that he knew what a point of order was before MacI. was born, and therefore he would set him right. I hope McIlwraith feels better and very humble and thankful to Pring now, but it did not strike Mr. Walsh thus, and he accordingly suggested that if points of order were to be raised, and he was not to be allowed to take part in them, it would be better for Mr. Morgan to leave the chair. This was the first intimation we had received of the committee being heartily sick of the main drain, when all of a sudden Perkins discovered it was his last opportunity. The speeches which had been made were blank rubbish, and would not alter a single vote. It took a different sort of thing to secure votes, as he knew right well. Reason and remonstrance were all very well, but they didn't stand a show with such articles as " sugar," " malt liquor," &c.;, when it came to secur- ing votes. Then Perkins became quasi- scriptural, and with a sort of " Who made thee a ruler and a judge over us," asked the the Premier, who made him a ruler and a judge in Israel, and a leader of the Liberal party, and besides this, who was the Liberal party ? Was it not the Civil Service of the colony, who were idlers and loafers, and if Government went on increasing the Civil Service, a day of reckoning would not be far off, when a Berry would turn up, and take the idle scamps that polluted the atmosphere with their presence by the back of the neck and chuck them into the street. And Perkins says he is a real Liberal—so he is—liberal in abuse if nothing else. I don't happen to be a Civil servant, but I'm prepared to sit on Per- kins' murdered remains at a very early oppor- tunity. I didn't see much of interest now for some time till Kidgell expressed himself as hostile to Ministers. This was a great defection indeed, but easily accounted for, as K. has been got at, and is now one of the wraiths. They also tried to make wraiths of Low and Tyrel, but it took such a deuce of a lot of stuff to get them " full," that the job has been given up— for the present. Nevertheless, Kidgell is proud to belong to the Liberal party, it doesn't matter whether it's a wraith or a lass. So we came down to Beor ; another " secesh,"—I might even go so far as to call him the Adullamite of the Assembly—who had found there were two main questions, but several ways out of the difficulty, one of which was to sack Ministers. And after Beor, there arose Groom, who was not in a fit state to talk, being seriously indisposed, but so far as I could see, his gift of the gab was unim- paired, and fully equal to slating the Premier, which he did to the extent of the Iron hand policy of Ministers not being tolerated by him. This, of course, brought Douglas to his feet, with any amount of declamatory effects, and a hope that Groom would go over to the Opposi- tion forthwith. But Groom still remains. McIlwraith confessed that if Douglas spoke that piece over again the whole House would have to go to Woogaroo, and Primer burst forth with —Did ever any mortal man or member endure such a speech ? He had never heard such a speech since he was born, and I hope to goodness he didn't begin politics earlier than that period. It was now two seconds after 10, and he wanted his " nightcap." Mr. Walsh, too, he was indig- nant, and wouldn't submit—as a " senator"—to the threats and terrorism held over Groom ; and, said the Irrepressible, owing to the incompetence —the, the, infirmity, er, er, and the tyranny which reigned in the buzzum of the Premier, it was evident he—he- he was incapable of con- ducting business. This just about settled it. We divided, and the lasses licked the wraiths by a miserable one. Oh, Macfarlaneovitch, and to think your vote has brought Beati-tude Valley into the roll again. On Wednesday the Irrepressible was exceed- ingly anxious to have the principal shorthand writer's report on his class chronicled in " Han- sard," and he therefore read it at length; and I perceive that there are now eleven youths more or less "fit" for "idling" away their time in the Government service. At least if they are not "fit" they ought to be, and it's their own fault if they are not. This little hobby of Mr. W.'s being disposed of, we again studied the question of Fortitude Valley. These were the sort of opinions ex- pressed about this electorate :— McIlwraith : It blocks business. Palmer : To the bitter end. Ivory: Stash it. Griffith : A waste of time to talk about it. Douglas : I will have it. Bailey : May I suggest ? Walsh : ——it ad nauseam. Fox: It's hawful. And so on, but Douglas said he had charge of the bill, and wasn't going to give it up to MacI. Mac said he didn't intend to go it blind, Douglas must open his heart ; and Palmer, who was rather more explosive than usual, thought Douglas something GRAND and fit to be covered up with the bill and nothing else. Oh, dear ! Oh, dear ! How I do wish the Valley would heave up in the middle—so too does MacI.—if it would only divide the Ministerial party and give him about half a dozen members, for God knew he didn't want the lot en masse ; no, not even if Pring got a dray and team of bullocks to cart them over. This was the last of the Valley, and it was allowed " to file its shovel" Passing over about forty columns of " Han- sard," which being interpreted means three to four hours, I now arrive at 10 p.m., when, as usual, the Irrepressible was having his last word. He wanted maps, small maps which he could carry about, and say to admiring friends, " This is the Warrego. Behold how great and glorious am I, who represent it," and Douglas agreed William Henry should have his map. And we outspanned at a quarter past 10 o'clock. There was about enough business on the paper on Thursday to drive any sane man mad, but the House was not up to anything like debating form. In fact, if it hadn't been for Perkins, who happened to be very " fit"—as fit as a fiddle, indeed —we should have died of lethargy. We started on Statham Lowe and com- pensation for him. Groom had £1000 on the paper, but he stated he didn't expect so much as that, and would in fact take any sum offered him. Miles, strange to say, did not intend to oppose, because Statham bad been unable to find employment elsewhere, and then, of course, we proceeded to find out the delinquents of the Railway Department. We had no names—only " insinuations." There is no doubt however, that if Statham keeps his eyes " skinned" he will get a show when MacI. comes into power, if ever he does get so far. McLean was the first hon. member to assert his principles, which were that he, as a taxpayer, couldn't see having to shell out for Mr. Statham Lowe or anybody else, and he would " kick" when it got to com- mittee. As I have said, Perkins was " fit," and his loquacity was something terrific He went for the Railway Department and abused it, and pro- phesied a speedy smash somewhere on the line. And, what is more, he was bound to interrupt everybody else when they were talking. Perkins had evidently been " got at." However, to com- mittee we shall go for compensation, but I fancy it will not be much the compensatee will get. Our attention was then devoted to Kidgell, who, as a mining man, wants to sink £1000 to 1000ft., and let it stop there. Strange to say, the committee seemed to think it wouldn't be half a bad idea to put down the money on the off chance of getting up twice as much—make an emetic of it, in fact. Wish someone would emetic me that way. But Perkins ! Law bless me, Mr. Editor—Perkins ! ! Perkins would sink £10,000 to 10,000ft., and let it rip ; and the hon. member got " fitter" and " fitter" as he went on, till at length he ran himself out, like a barrel with nothing but the bung-hole left. All that was left of him then sat down, and we maundered along till we had disposed of Kidgell, Perkins getting very fidgetty towards the end, and eventually being called to order. Such is life. At this stage, Mr. Editor, I am happy to say one hon. member retained his faculties. Foote tried to count the House out ; he tried it more than once, but he failed ; his sense of keeping up the honor of the Assembly, and not permittiug it to waste time in arguing impossibilities and improbabilities, was so great, that we tapered off, or rather " petered out," at last and shall commence with a fresh thick end on Tuesday next. 