Facts and Fancies. DOMESTIC Gardening for All the Tear Round. —Sew buttons. "WHY is a negress like a prophet ?—Because she has Very little on her in her own country. THE soldier's greatest risk is that of becoming extinguished before he can become distinguished. Hb who travels through life in the hopo of jumping into the shoes of another mostly gocß on a bootless errand. We rather think tbat the most reluctant ol.ivcl to vice that we ever saw was a poor felloU* who had his fingers in one. Honor tells you not to hit a mini when he'B down, and Discretion warns you against hitting him when he isn't doWni MTfcS Rhabdoskidopheros " is tho liamo of a ittw Style Hf Umbrella. The adtautage of it is that nobody oan ask to borrow It. A woman suggests that when a man breaks Lie heart it is the same as when a lobster breaks ouu of his claws—another grows immediately. It is a well known truism that people learn wisdom by experience. "A man," says Jones, " never wakes up his second baby to see it laugh." Air exchange wishes to know how the Turks happened to learn to fight so Well. Why, mau, most of the Turkish officers hats over half* dozen wives. A oood father and mother like to make their children smart when they are young. Grateful children, whbU thejr grow up, generally make their parents smart in return. A REPORTER for a Wisconsin newspaper writes i " Those^ who personally know our esteemed fellow-citizen Colonel —— will regret to hoar that he was brutally assaulted last evening, but * not killed." Hire is a little bit from Paris i " Two writers (theatrical otitica, of course) were quarreliug, 41 Your articles are the laughing»stouk of the town.** " The time will come when yours Will be." "When?" "When somebody roads them." Jules Verne, who did that remarkable imagi nary journey, "Around the World in Eighty Days," has bought a new iron steam-yacht of 100 tons, in whioh he means to visit all the eoas of Europe, and of course describe all that he sees, and much more besides. HioH-CttußCfl Parson i "I am sorry to see. that you have given up attending church, Mrs, Mangles." Mis. Mangles: " Well, sir,! hain't bin lately ; you see, they do tell me you have give up composites and took to Roman candles, and I was alius mortal afeared of fire-works." A LADY who was suffering under a slight indis position said to her husband : "It is with the greatest difficulty that I can breathe, and tho: effort distresses me exceedingly." "Then I wouldn't try, my dear ; let your breath go," res* ponded the domestic brute, in tones of pretended sympathy. . C^imi}~c*E.—" Doo't put too much con* fidence in, a lover's vows and sighs," said Mrs. Partington to her niece ; " let him tell you that you have lips like strawberries and cream, cheeks like »carnation, and eyes like an asterisk ; but suoh tUpg* rft*>W come from a tender.head' thaha tender heart.'.' I !'sMKw'(who has borrowed a celebrated Rem* ! brsndt to copy): " Good gracious, nurse I how: o*n earth, did this happen V Nurse (sympatheti i cally): "Well, sir, it's a pity. Master Frank 3*s havfng a game, and his bat weot through. |c picture. But lor', sir, you needn't take on inJfsonJyttooldone.'' Twain" introduced William D. ! dwells tjo a Hartford audience lately in man.i | nor following, to wit: " The gentlemau who is I nosf to address you is the editor of the Atlantic I ¥.on^*U^ . J*e naa a reputation in the literary I forld which I need not say anything about. I | am only here tq back up his moral character." ! Bbteviw.—A traveller interrogating a back- I WoodsD**n received brief but pertiut-ut answer*. I thus:—"Whose house is that?" "Mugg*/': i "Of, jwbat built?" " Logs." " Auy neighbors I", "Frogs." "What is tho soil," "Bo K «." "The. ; climate ?" Fugß." " What do you live ou V | " Hegs." " How do you catch them ?" '* Dogs." A,N*WS>BOT stuck bis head in our ottice door, y^^'dv* and shoutod, " Here's yer Daily News. Full list of tho killed and wounded iv tbe Ute battle." He.began to name them, and had pro . oaeded but 2ft. in the first namo when an angel carried him off; It was either an angel or a Iniot. We are not positive which, but we gueas which it was. A gentleman who is a sculptor in a feeble way was calling on a lady the other evening, and was asked*" How do you manage to get tho facial ex pression?" referring to his statuettes. "Very simple," he said : "I read a poom expressing the passion I desire to portray ; then, as my face expresses rage or love, I plunge headforemost into a mass of putty I havo at hand. This retains the expression, and there you are." A younu man sat down the other day and wrote on the back of a couple of post cards. Then he turned tbem over and directed them, but by some mischance placed the adress on tbe wrong cards. The result was that a draper got a polite invitation to go for a drive somewhere, while the young man's affianced was made fruntio by receiving the following :—" Please send me samples of the stuff your shirts are made of !" A BTORT is told of a ahrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from tb«- public house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, aud frighten Johu on bis way home. " Who aro you V said tbe guiduiau, ;w tbe apparition roue before bim from U-hin.l a busb. "I am Auld Nick," was the reply. " Come awa', man," said John, nothing daunted. " Gie's a shake o' your hand—l am married tae a eister o* yours." Old Saws.—" Of two evils choose the least." For my part, I prefer to choose neither. " Help yourself, and Heaven will help you." It will be as well, though, to help yourself only to what belongs to you. " You must cut your coat accord ing to your cloth." Not at all. If there seems to be a danger of having to scrimp at all, make a jacket of your material. ** Hegive^ twi-e who gives quickly." But the bank- only c:t»li these promptly forwarded checks .»t their nouiiual j amount, for all that. " Wiuc drowns care.-' And , serves care right, Care should uot have killed fthecat. 