COLONEL DEEBINGKK'S LUCE. You vere talkin' of strokes o' luck, stranger— and how they often come jest when you don't look for 'em. HI tell you another fact to add to that air— they most alias come from where you don't look for 'em, neither! Seems to me, Mister, w lock is same way like gotd-diggin' — yon put inter a. spot what* thar onghter he seven ounces to tile pan, and yon find nary grant; and tben, agam, yoa tiunk tbe hnll gnlch is kinder played oat, and all yon kin dew is to leave — when, all toonee, Icer-chunk ! out toll the nuggets inter yer hands, jest like peas from a pod. Them's my ideas, and t Lnow what Pm js»ym\ yon bet! far the biggest streak of back as ever t struck kirn jest that air way. And this was how it Icon out, if yon keer to hear it : — Mayhap you've heern tall of a location called 'Jencotf Kan,' waydownin Kerada, whar one o' them litUe rivers that come down from the Sierra spreads itself out inter a broad shallow reach, with a sort o' pi-~»*~ iongle on each side. It got its name iitst Cram a chum o' mme, Sam Jeflfeott, of Denver, who was down thar proapecbin' for a iikzly mot— Ear kma reglar Gambnsmo (gold finder). Wai, be rode an ahead of bis party, and happened upon tins hy-xt snot, and the minute he dapped eyes on ft, be knew it for a hand aetwat safe to bet on, and oundnded to fix thar. Bat jest then some darned tbievm' Dog-Injuns, irho war loafin' around, kirn along, and went for him straight ; BO he pat far a care in the rocks, whar only one could pass at a time, and dun- he tep' door way with his six-shooter all through tBi sundown, when his party kim np and stampeded 'em. Bather gritty of old Sam, Wai, when the dcwg of that find fust got about, the boys all kim around like flies on to av molasses-jar; for they knew that old Sam mi- bound to strike pay grave! whatever he chipped in; and for a month or two the hull flat was as busy as a imslrin'. And thar was some big piles made in them fust days, yon bet! Set* Garratt of Canon fetched np seventeen hundred dollars' worth atone heft, and lost it all at enchre tiie same night to a. Portigee from Sacramento. Bat arter tie fust msb tiie find got smaller and poorer, and tie boys began to caklate that the spot war played oat, and that it war Twat time to leave. And so they did— the null kit on Ism. How, jest about this time, tbrwtgng of Chinees a4oafin' about, who'd come down from Frisco, and war «mwffin' around all tte old gulches that had been given np as bad; arterabtt, when tiie boys had all deard oat, they kim to Jeffbott's Fan, and squatted thar. They did nobody a cento' harm, lurrm' bein' tiie greatest liars and cowards in creation (and o' coarse they cant help that, poor crittera,oeeiii' it's their niter1) but for aU that they got into a very dose place afore long. For a Chinese down West is like a flyin' fish a* sea— liars somebody reachin' for him, let him do what he will ; and tile boys tiiar war rather a rou^h lot — 'specially them from Souk's Misery and Dead Dog Hole ; and they made it fcmd'r rough for them poor haythens, so they did. At fast they only played fan on 'em, Bitch as pepperin' 'em witii lumps o' quartz, or tyin' 'era together by the pigtails, and setting dogs at 'em; but when the yaller skins didn't take the hint, and dear out, some of the roughest 'ons swore they warnt a-goin' to have *lot o' Chinee Awwlm »™^fc^'' round, lootin' for gold whar tiiey cooldn't find none ; and they touched hands all round that they'd go up to the Chinee camp, and jest make a cfean sweep o* the hull consaro. Now jest aboutthis time it happened that me and Sam Jeffcott, and about a. dosen mon?, pxospectin' round agin, rtiinLifig1 tftj*t- even if the Fan war played out. there might be ottier bitsas good some where about. And, enre enough, we stzuck gold a Iftde higher opine stream ; and tfren Sam (who was right smart man for Beein' a chance) heered o' this Chinee lot, and concluded, as they seemed down on their luck, to buy 'em all up cheap, and set Bem a-diggin' for him ; for he knowed his only chance war to dean out the place afore news ©n't got around, and the holl settlement crowded in and spiled it. So down he goes into the Chinee camp, to have a, palaver witii them, and see how they fdt 'bout workin' a spell for him. The yaller-facea seemed friendly enough, but they all looked glum as a fog when they heerd whar the location war, eayin' tov a sight too near Skunk's Misery ; and then tile boll story kim out — how the boys had warned 'em to make tracks, and swom to sweep 'em dean if they didn't; and that they had no peace for 'em and darat call their sonls their When Sam heerd that, he looked as Mack as thunder, and says to me, ' I ain* a-goin to have nary skunk a-spflin* my flame, not if he brought ten thousand more behind him. Jim, will you stand by mef I said I would, and the rest *n said they would; and we war jistuUdn' overlie job, when, all to once, in rushes a. Chinee all on tend, as H the Injuns were ate him, ydlin' ' Alan come ! man come !' That they war, sure 'nuff— a Rood twenty five on 'em, which was long odds agin' our fourteen; for as to gettin' any outer them Chinees, you might as well expect a prairie dog to stand np to a grizdy b'ar. However, we got one breeze o' luck to start with— there wsrn't nary rifle among 'em, and not many six-shooters neither; for 'spectin' to find notfain' but Chinees, they thought their picks and bowies war ^urff to 'make a dean sweep o' the hull lot. When they seen us thar, they looked consi derable streaked ; for they didn't calciate on a new hand in the game. But 6am gave 'em no tune to think, but began on 'em at once ; for he used allus to say that when you see a feUer comin'foryou straight, (here's nothing like meefin' him half way. The foremost o' the Bang were big Joe Harris andCalaveras, whom (bowed right out for a bad 'um; and as be ?dm stridin' along, as if he'd Ixead us all down like grans. Sam steps out into the middle o's the clearin' to meet him, and says : 'GenTmen, air you a-comin' to visit any one here * I calculate you don't know as this is our location, and your names anrt down in our censns, nohow you kin fii it 1' 'Wai,' says Joe Harris, 'I guess we're a-goin' to dear out them Chinese skunks, thet's com sneakin' round our camp ; and we mean deariu' 'em out yon bet !' 'Wai, 'says Sam, quite cool, ' 1 guess them Chinees are my workmen ; ana whoever touches 'em's got to talk to me fust.' Vd got my Derringer ready cocked in my jacket-pocket (I'm pretty smart with it, yon bet; And thet's why they call me 'Cunnle Derringer') ; and the minnit I heerd that, I knowed twar time to begin- Joe swore an oath as big as a pumpkin, and went for Sam with bis bowie ; but afore he could strike, I fired through the linin' o' my pocket, and throwed him plump in his tracks Sam plugged another the next rnionrt, and then the skrimmage began in earnest. A mad ImBioess ft war, as ever 1 ?sen no order or sense— but jest every man puttan bis knife into the fust thin as kim nigh him. We fired off our revolvers in too grot a harry, considerin' thar wamt time to load agin ; and so it kim hand to hand, and the odds bein' agm'ns, we war fast goin' inter the hack settlements, when, all at once, crash! smash ! down kim a. shower ©' great lumps o' quartz, jistasif they fell from heaven, nockin' over the Skunk's Misery boys right and kit. While we war busy mbbm' each other out, the Chineae gang had fetched a compass behind tike bushes, and so took the enemy in rear. Thar war at least fifty on 'an, all prftin' away like a lection down South ; and with them behind, and us in front, Harris' lot began to find tiiemselves in rather a dose place. So then Sam Jeffcott steps f orrad, and sings out, ** Throw down yer knires, or you're every man a gone coon !' Down went the toothpicks, and the Chineae picked 'em up. Then Sam goes on: 'Now, jest make tracks out o' this, and dont come back no more, or yoaH get yer sane hotter'n you like : He and my partner's took tins hyar location, and HI have fifty more men onlt it in a week's time; so you'd best leave !' This was rather taB talk, I swar; for, to save his toe, Sam couldn't ha' put a man on the ground barrin' them that war already ; and one of them war dead and another potty mghit. But theboyBswauened every ay onions, and wartmly too ^ad to sit away, carryia' their killed and wounded long with 'em. And when the fun war all over, an old whizened heathen, with a pigtail like a tow rope, who seemed to be the boss of the gang, got np and thanked Sam sad me in the very tallest Josd ©' speech, asd vowed chat we war the greatest figbtera in the world, swift as the wind, and terrible as 0w- ) wlif-ii ing — jfflfr like a Fourth o* Jalyo-xation ; and he said, if ever he or Iiih people could do anything for nMt done it ehotila be, sm«1 *io mistake. I only larfed at all his parly-room', tft'»l'*it that all he could do for us wouldn't fill the bag mod ; bat I wani't quite right tiiar neither, as yoa*H see presently. And now, for a bit, av*m y thing went fnst chop. We parcelled out the yauer-Ekh» into gangs, and put one of our boys over each, as overseer ; and I tell ye, we did get a right smart chance o' work outer 'em, you bet ! They wamt our match for strength, of course, as how should they be, fed on scraps and shavings, as 'most all of 'em air? but 1 can tell ye they keep up a good long spell when they are at it, and cost next to nothin' for their keep. Why, that Trisco culway^xack of ooed war 'most aQ done by Chinese cangs, and that war how we done it so cheap. Many a time did Sun Jeffeott and I, arter we'd got through with our own work (for we worked like wood-choppers our own selves, let alone overlookin' tiie rest) come and stand over tiie yaBer-£aees as sbey worked, and we'd come out with a fait of a Bong tiiat Sam had brought with him from Sacramento ftiiey tell me now it's in a book tbet'e a rnmun' all over the States)— 'Then I looked up at TSje, And he gazed upon sk. And be me with a sen. And he said, Can this be! Tf e are mined fay Chinese cbeap labour ;_ The work tiiey had jist suited our Chmeses. We took the pickin' and shovdlin', and breakin' o' stones, and Bitch— for they bautft pith enough for that ; but the pan-washin' war the very thing for em, and they stuck at from momin' till rngfat, spoonin' and shakin' and dribMin' away. Audi can tell ye, tiiey fetched up a right smart lot o' the atari, jifrt at fnst ; for tiiis war one o' them spots war it all lies on the surface, and you've nothin' to do but jist to skim it like cream. As to tiie Skunk's Misery boys, they never troubled us no more alter the whinpin' we giv'em; and so, for a goodish bit. we fdt as good as a hungry nigger over a dish o' hog and hominy. So, as I said, we went on for a spell, dam ming it like cream ; but tiie worst o' that is, tnet if ye skim long enough, the cream's bound to peter out, and leave yer nothin' but skim nmk to go on with- And jest so it war with us. One day our Chinese fbtched up nary grain o' gold, and I shook my bead. The next day tiiey fetched np nary grain agin, and Sam be shook his head. The third twar jest the same story, and we botii shook onr heads. 60 Sam calls tip all the boys we'd been overeeein', and says to 'em :— ** Boys, it feds to me as if this hyar camp war putty nigh played out ; and what I should do if I war by myself 'nd be to payoff tiiem vaUer-ekinE of oar n, and iet 'em go war tiiey like, and then just pack up the dust, and make tracks for a new location. That's how I fed. How does it strike you ?' Wai, the boys all said it war jest their idee, and that they froze to their cap'n, let him go whar he would; and tiie soouerwe made backs ihe better. So we mustered our yaUer faces, and paid 'em off to tiie last ; and then we found that their boss man, the old boy with tiie everiastm' pigtaO, war nowhar tobefonnd. 'Thet's a pity,' says Sam, 'for be was a wfllin'hand, though I didn't quite swaBer all that mil fcdko' hWh about Join' sitch great tilings for us. However, he's enre to jine tiie gang agin somewhat, so I guess well jest give them his money to take care on.' Wai, off went tiie Chinese, the hnllkiton 'em; and we that stayed behind fell to cinherin' np our take, and nharin' it out all round. Sam and I hed j«st hed our supper and our nip o' whisky, and war tallrin' over onr pipes Tiout whar we should go next, when ?, -en somethin' beside us like a ghost, war jest a-£oin' to let strip at it wrtb my BUL-B&ooter;, when Sam slags out, — 'Hold hard, Jim -West if taint old Long tail kim back agin.' So it war, sure 'nuff; and we war glad to see him, for it looked well bis freezin' to us this way, 'stead of J~»«JJ»i-* with the rest. So, afore we'd let him open his bead to say a word, we giv' him a good blow-out with what war left «' the supper, and then we began iawin' at him for missin' pay-day ; and Sam war jest as teUin' him that be shouldn't lose by it, for we'd make it up to him somehow— when the old boy holds up his hand anS stops 'Kotalkee about that, master— Oat little pidgeon' -businesa); 'no matter make. You no sabbee where me come from. What you thinkee this, ehr He held out something in his long yellow daw that sparkled in the firelight fit to pot yoor eyes out Sara looked at it— gfn a kind o' half-wrap, choldn' it down as it came oat — and then pulled a nugget OBter his pouch, and bdd it dose to the thing the Chinee had hfliwli*il him. 'Wai, your child whips mine all to fits,1* says he, ' thar ain't no denyin' it ; so, if you've got any more o' them curio's in tiie shop, trot 'em out, and IH make a bid for the huDIot.'' The old Chinee only grinned till he showed all his black teeth at once, and brought out a couple more as good as the fire*. Sam looked at em' both alongside o' his'n, and then slapped his hand on his thigh, and iarfed loud enough to shake the leaves off the trees. 'Wan,' says he, 'if tins dont whip creation, I'm a Dutchman ! I wont play no more, old feller— I'm fairly euchred this turn. Wash yer mouth ont with amp o1 the Old Rye, and tell us whar you got them cards, and what you'll take for the hull pack f The old feller grinned aj^*™. like a fox-tzap, and then began toteU us, m his queer jargon, all about itHe said he'd gone iown aim to Jeficott's Pan jest to look around, and see if tiiar war any sign of more gold to be got out on't— when, as be was a-loafin' along a little stream Uret fell inter the main river jest at thet plst, his kni£e slips oozer his bdt, and tumbles inter tie water. Wai, he marked whar it fdl and began scoopm' away with his pan to try and fish it upagain; when, loand behold ! the very fnst scoop f otched np that air fust nugget as he showed us; and the other two kun nresentiy arter, as slick as if they'd bin called for. Wai, he didn't think no more 'bout fin^in' his knife, you bet ! He jest |-ut for our camp, hot foot, to ten us tiie news; and be said if we'd go hack with him, and tain that stream outer its course (which war no great shakes of a job), we'd find gold that any placer (gold field) in tiie Siena wamt a errenmstance to ; and tiiet we war heartily welcome to all ont, in f^nTlm foe ptjTitri*1' by him agin tite Stunt's Miserylot. ' By Time !' says Sam, dappaT him on tiie back, 'yon^re a tarnation boneat feller — a darned sight bonester nor some of onr own folk, I bet my boots ! Come along, then, and veil jest pat the job tfrroogh, right away ; and you dm.il bare a faunpnV share, whether we find modi or whether we find little V So off we went, stranger, and, not to make a ten-£aihom yarn «oter nothin', wemadeeitdL a pBe thet all oar last diggia' warn^t a patch out I wont tell yer what my snare war, Cor *&aid; yer vrooldn x believe me ; bat twar bag enough to eave me the tronble of ever pattan1 hand to pact agin ; and if yonTl came and see me when yon get to Trisco, yonll see I km pay my way and somethi»' over. Now, ft strikes me as thet war sometiain1 of as adventnr'. — Saturday Journal. 