Notes on Current Events. It is satisfactory to find that we have a political leader, where we never suspected anything mord than an ordinary member of Parliament. Mr* George Day, according to his own account, baa formed a great and triumphant party, and he has, guided the policy of the country in railway, matters. Mr. Day regards himself as tho nursing father ol' the present Administration; but he is evidently conscious that he is a prim« minister in posse, and that he will yet inscribe hil name on the history of New South Wales.1 lt if remarkable what different tones members take in Sydney and in their own districts. In Sydney) no one would have imagined that the fact that the pickaxes are at work on the Albury section of the Southern line was due ta Mr. Day ; but in the Hume it goes down verj woll. Wo have always urged tho speedy exten- sion of tho railways to Albury, and we imagined that the metropolitan press had done quite aa much in this matter as Mr. Day. When a work ia undertaken, and is generally accepted as desirable, it is surprising how many claimants there aro to the honour of being mainly instrumental in bring« ing it about. The Albury extension is neitlicrvdite to Mr. Day nor to - tlie press, but to the general conviction of its necessity, and the advisability of quickly making the connection with the Victorian lines. Wo gladly recognise Mr. Day's usefulness in raising his voice among others on this subject, and as an intelligent advocate of the free selectors, but we can scarcely acknowledge thathe stands in the elevated intellectual position to which be lays claim. England appealed to Euroi>o against tho Treatj ot' San Stefano, and Europe has practically dis- allowed her appeal. In the first week ot* May. Mr,. Hardy (now Viscount Cranbropk) in address- ing his fellow Yorkshiremeu, at Bradford, assumed that it was improbable that Europe would sanction the provisions of this celebrated Treaty. Previous to that the country resounded with commendations of the able manner in which Lord Salisbury in his circular " had made mincemeat of the Treaty." It ?' was said that it " Jay before Europe a discredited piece of paper." The great Congress. has now been held, and the ablest statesmen of Europe took part in its proceedings-with what result? The "Areopagus of Europe," as a Rou- manian proclamation tei'med it, has substantially confirmed the " worthless rag." Russia never professed a determination to maintain every point;, but she asked the English Government to state ' what alternative proposals it would put forward. - To this, as far as we can learn, the English answer was invariably, " submit the whole of tho treaty to the cougress, or we will have nothing ta " do with it." Seeing that the English Premier V, had denounced the whole of the treaty in unmeasured terms, and was pushing on warlike preparations with all speed, it i3 not, surprising that Russia hesitated. Had she., been treated with courtesy in earlier stages of the negotiations.no doubt she would have placed her case with confidence before Europe, assured of the justice of England ; but the bellicose utterances of the Premier had destroyed all confidence in his im- partiality. Negotiations can only be judged by the light of subsequent events, and when we find Europe agreeing in tho main to the San Stefano treaty, we ask what justification was there for the hostile attitude of England; which endangered the peace of the world ; still more, what justification was there for an Indian expedition without the consent of Parliament ? Cibinet dissensions rent aside the veil,and showed thatthe Premier had even desired to act without the slightest regard for inter- national law or the consent of Europe-that all ' his fine talk about treaties and law did not influence his actions in the slightest degree-that he was quite willing to resume the ancient plan of conquest and seizure He would go even a step beyond Prince Bismarck's cynical philosophy, heidi possidentcr, and would exclaim beati occu- pantes. Well, vhat has been tho outcome of thia bluster, which threatened such untold misery upon mankind ? The Premier went to the Conference, and, according to present information, he must have eaten the leek before tho assembled states- men, The Russian projjosals, With slight modifi- cations, were accepted. Austria and the smaller states received certain concessions, the Greeks' obtained tho smallest trille us tho reward of the " inactivity they had pursued owing to English influence, and England herseli', as a sop, was per* mitted, apparently without remonstrance, to> \ occupy Cyprus, at the expense of a disastrous agreement with tho Turkish Government. We ar» thankful beyond measure that even thus peace haa .been secured, for time is gained, and ere long the, wiser and more moderate men of the great English, party that is now supreme may control the> destinies of the state. There is certainly little else* for us to be thankful or congrotulatory about ia the news tUat the, ça.bi.o/ has oí; ktq QQUYôyed, to> An extract frcm a letter to a gentleman in Vic- toria, which we publish elsewhere, gives a very unsatisfactory account of the Victorian Court at the Paris Exhibition. "We are not surprised to find that bottles are very prominent, for the tele- graphic messages and the more complete reports were taken up with the testing of Victorian wines by the Prince of Wales. He seemed to do nothing also but taste wines and pronounce them " very good." Bottles, however, are not very agreeable to the oye when they aro locked up in casos and are only produced for royal personages. Our Victorian friends have also sent some waxworks representing Borne aboriginals nnd two whites, rbis is most fortunate, for the prevailing impression in Europe is that Australia 19 full of black?, and whenever people road of " native" iudustry and "native" talent they think the reforcnce is to aboriginals. Tho appearance of theee native blacks will confirm tho impression. In spite of interna- tional oxhibitionsand all other modes of advertising ourselves, it seems impossible to give Englishmen a correct knowledge of the elementary facts of Aus- tralian geography. In tho minds of average English- men,, the capitals and provinces of Australia «ire mixed up together in a most extraordinary fashion; but wo should have expected men of education to be able to distinguish Victoria and .New South Wales ; but in Nature, a periodical which pays great attention to geographical science, we meet with the expression, " A linn in Melbourne, Now South Walos." After this, Mel- bourne will be obliged to send some enterprising gentleman home, to give lectures on Australian geography to tue literary mon of London. Per- haps Sir Bryan O'Loghleu would do for thi3 duty. The. projected marriage between the Dulce ol Connaught and tho Princess Louise of Prussia wili maintain the Germanic character of our Hoya! House in oue of its branches. It is not likely that The Times will repeat tho mistake it made when the betrothal of tho Princess Royal to Prince Frederick William was announced; it then bad "'.he bad taste to refer in a sneering manner to the Prusstu kingdom KS a second-rate German State. Kow tho young Priuce has chosen a bride îrom a branch of tho royal family of Prussia, and no oue will say it is an unsuitable match. Accord- ing to til accounts it is an engagement founded upon affection ; and therefore in the general opinion ought to be happy. Tho Prince is exceed- ingly popular wherever he has been, in the United Kingdom and in Canada, and it is expected that he will eventually takfj the place of Com- mander-in-Chief of tho British .Army, now filletLby U.R.IL the Duke of Cambridge. It.is understood that he is working very industriously to qualify for this important and onerous post, and he alroady commands his regiment with great efficiency. The Princes have cortainly learned that they can best support the Monarchy by making themselves practically, useful. In these days they can obtain rory little power, though a great deal ot flattery, unless they show that they are really capable men. - The two young Princes have avoided many of the mistakes of their elder brothers, and if they continue in the courses they havo adopted tboy will be ornaments to the Court. \- At any rate, all Her Majesty's subjects will, wish the Prince every happiness with his pretty young German bride. We learn from Loudon, that Lord Bsaconsfiah declines to dissolve Parliament this autumn, ant we maybe quite euro that this great master o Parliamentary tactics perceives that he could hoi obtain a new House bf Commons that would support him and bis party with the same unswerving fidelity which lins marked the majority of tho- present House, lt is well known that great pressure was exerted a few months ago by members who thought they could obtain .another lease of parliamentary life by taking the anti-Uussian feeling at its height, Throughout tho House of Commons it was uni ?versally understood that an election was ut hand, and memboj'8 made the uecessary announcements to their constituents. Since then there have been two popular elections of some importance - Tamworth and Reading, At tho former a Liberal succeeded a Conservative, although the.borouah is much under tho influence of Sir Robert Peel,' one of the most violent supporters of the foreign policy of the Government. At the latter, a Quaker of most pronounced antijingo principles has suc- cessfully proved the liberal character of the borough. Moreover, the present majority has been recruited by about fifteen gentlemen who have yielded to strongly exerted court influences, and those among them who represent popular constitu- encies would not have a ghost of a chance of being returned at present. Thus, Lord liuacousfteld has done well for his party to keep the Parliament togotheraslong as beean. For whatever tho. terms of tho Turkish Convention may be, they unite all eections of Liberals in opposition. Mr. W. K. iforster has uot pleased the extreme Liberals by .eis moderation throughout the controversies «vor the . Eastern question, but he uow strongly denounces tho last action of the Premier. The Tories of the Lords and Com- mons have banqueted Earl Beaconsfield alter his successful vindication of the principles ol' despotic nile so dear to the Tory mind ; and they would banquet him with still greater pleasure if he could place the Government of tho couutry once more in middle class and the artisans are not to be . won from their attachment to liberal principles, and th°se Tory banqueters must feel that their alliance with, the residuum of every class is not quito creditable, although it is tho mutter achievement of their distinguished chief. "With that exquisite sense of propriety which has characterised his whole career, Sir James "Martin thought Ht to descend on Monday into the »rena of party conflict, and to make a thorough 'lory speech attacking the Liberal policy of our fellow-countrymen in England during the last five-and-twonty years. When such nn eminent luminary thinks it worth while to throw aside all judicial etiquette, and become once more the party leader, it is certainly duo to him to examine the words with care, Passing by the utterly unjust assertion that Mr. Gladstone and Lord Granville "gave expression to the statement that it would be better for the people of the United Kingdom and the colonies if the ties that unitec them were severed," the first point oE his speecli was a definition of the public law of Europe, whict we say without fear of contradiction would hav< plucked any youth in the most elementary lega examination, lie said, " the public law of Europt is to be found in the treaties to which th( nations of Europe have given their as3ent ; it car bo found nowhere else." Treaty law is only r small part of public law, which " embraces thost rules recognized and acted upon by civilised com inimitiés in their mutual.intercourso." The public ists givo a very small portion of their works tc treaty law. To ignore the older and broadei elements of public law, which have been elucidated by some of tho greatest thinker.' of the present century, as well as bj Grotius and the earlier publicists,is exactly on ii par with,a statement that there is no such thing as common law apart from statute law. By thc public law of civilised communities certain rights tormed belligerent rights are accorded to .states possessing independence, which are not ac- corded to insurgents, and there is all the difference in the world between insurrection and regular war- fare, Wow, Sir -Jomes tolls us that tbe Russians " fomented insurrection in Montenegro." As Mon- tenegro was independent, had never recognised.the suzerainty of the Porto, such an expression is an absurdity, but parhaps the Chief Juslico ignores tho freedom of Montenegro aa ho does the public law which recognises its rights, But Sir James Martin furnishes us with some other remarks of a legal character. The argument of Mr, Gladstone, his friends, and several promi- nent Conservatives, that the despatch of the Indian troops to Malta was unconstitutional, he tells us " a child could answer." This, bear in mind, is an argument which was upheld by Lord Selbomo, Eng- land's greatest equity lawyer ; by Sir William liar court, England's greatest constitutional lawyer; and Sir Henry James, England's greatest advocate. But Sir James Martin thinks it a moro quibble over the Dill of Bights. If be were to take the trouble of reading the speeches of the three lawyers we have mentioned, he would find it was an argument based not only on the Bill of Rights, and various Acts of Parliament, but on that con- stitutional law of which a partVas merely declared in tho Bill of Rights, but which, perhaps, like public law, tho Chiet Justice conveniently ignores. At any rate the Conservativo Government of 1867, in theface of a Liberal majority,acted exactlyas Mr. Gladstone's much-abused friends say they should have acted uowjthey obtained the sanction of Parlia mont before sending a single sepoy to Abyssinia, His Honor's historical statements are a marvel of one-sidedness, and his political assertions so extravagant that they scarcely demand notice. For example, does any sano or honeßt man believe that the Liberals of England " are striving for the triumph of Russia, and the downfall of England";'' or that, the Liberals.are "not fighting for the freedom of people in any part of Europe, but they are fight- ing to put down Conservatism, and to accomplish that object they would not care to pull down their own. country at the same time.' This is more ungenerous claptrap. What state- ment can be wider of the truth than that Mr. Glad- stone and his friends have no regard who should replace the Turk in Europe? Why, with passionate earnestness Mr. Gladstone bas argued that the only people to replace the Turk* are the subject races who occupy the Turkish provinces. His Honor's assertions that Mr, Gladstone would have done this or that wicked thing must be taken for what they are worth, but it may be well to point out that the acts of Lord Beaconsfield which he most approves, the sending of the most powerful fleet tho world ever saw to Besika Bay, and the calling out of the reserves, could not have been taken but for the action of the Gladstone Government. The vessels of " the most powerful fleet the world over saw" were built or commenced under Mr. Gladstone's Govern- ment ¡ the reserves which have been called out were formed by the same Government, and the financial resources of the country which have been at his Lordship's service have been husbanded by the twenty years of liberal thrift uuder the financial policy of Mr. Gladstone. Yet we are told that England^as brought low by the Liberal statesmen. This is worthy of the English politi- cians who spoke of the ships which are now re- cognised to be so powerful, as " phantom vessels" and" paper ships." We differ in toto from thoChiei Justice, but at the same time we admire his straightforward advocacy of the Conservative principles to which he has always been attached. Our Acting-Mayor 1ms very queer notions of conducting a public meeting ot' the citizens ol' Sydnoy. He permitted Mr. Buchanan and Mr. M'Elhone to move an extreme amendment, and then denied to a gentleman of high' character and established reputation the right of a citizen to move an amendment which he had previously advertised, and announced personally to the mayor. Instead of accept- ing his amendmeut the acting-mayor called out, "Will you hear any body else or not?" and nevor mentioned that the gentleman at his side wished to move au ameudment. His dis- courtesy at this stage was only equalled by bis folly at another, for he asked fur votes in favour of the resolution and amendment and not against either. Tho amendment was certainly never negatived, and the resolution was never carried according to the rules which regulate all meetings. The Acting-Mayor announced at the beginning of the evening that he had no particular views on the question, but when the resolutiou was put he junipod on the table and excitedly waved his hand- kerchief, although he had told the supporters of the amendment that they must not even hold up their hats. Before another town's meeting it would be well if the Acting-Mayor whoever he be, would learn common courtesy and the mode of couducting a popular vote. We have no reason to believe Mr. Chapmun actuated by the slightest partisan feeling, but, by declining to put tho only moderato resolution prepared for the meeting, ho played into the hands of the Beaconsfield supporters. Many persons did not vote at all because they could not agree with either of the extreme views advo- cated, for the moderate liberal sense of the colony was quite unrepresented. The Melbourne j resolution, which we publish in another column, is open to very little objection, and is a congratu- ' lotion that conveys no party meaning; and we still regret that a number of gentlemen hore took the action that necessitated a vigorous protest, and divided the citizens of Sydney into hostile camr>3. Two or three- students of our University have been diverting themselves of late by writing letters in the daily Press, giving the public their views of University life, and on things in general. These epistles have been undoubtedly entertaining ; they have been elegant and .classical, but, like many other juvenile effusions, decidedly affected. The originator of the correspondence, who signs himself "NovaMonrovia," (New South Wales would be far too vulgar for so relined a scholar) was said to be a student of St. John's College, but St, John's collegians write to disclaim the imputation ; and wo understand that the University students held nn indignation meeting to protest against the doings of " Nova Menajvia," wherever he may be found ; but the majority were wise, and carried an amendmenttothe effect that thisyoung gentleman's I effusions were not. worthy of notice. The aims and conditions of university lifo aro most suitable subjects for discussion among students, but it would bo well for them to recognise that at pre- sent they are scholars and not teachers, and that tho time of. life for writing newspaper letters has hardly yet arrived. It would be unfair to the uni- versity students to suppose that those who have thrust themselves into prominence fairly rejjresent the general body in tone of th night. At any rate we hope that a clilletanti style of discussing problems of importance will not be adopted by them ; they may rest assured that the spirit of the age and thespirit of this free vigorous community is absolutely opposed to dillotantism. Intellectual vigour and moral earnestness are the powers that will command attention, that will obtain solid inlluence, and will I Drove of real benefit to this or any other country. The South Australian budget speech is of great importance, as containing the first proposition by an Australian Government to impose an iucome tax. Mr. Boucaut's statesmanship is marked by great vigour, lie believes in not only dazzling people, but in rousing their enthusiasm by the grandeur of his conceptions, lie would push forward public works with the vigour of a Vogel, and he would boldly call upon the colonists to lind the necessary funds for developing their country. The taxation of South Australia is so light that an increase would be easily borne, and, moreover, Mr. Boucaut, like Sir Robert Peel, desires to use the income tax'ih order to revise the tariff. South Australia is free-trade in theory, but protectionist in practice, although not to the same extent as Victoria. She still clings to ad valorem duties which bring in little revenue. By abolishing these Mr. Boucaut may give a great stimulus to industrial activity. The new tax is open to grave objections from many sides ; and no one could witness with, pleasure the introduction to Australia of a tax' which has caused so much bitterness in the old country. It has caused lying and perjury on the one side, and inquisitorial and vexatious inquiry on the other ; and the only defence for it has been that the tax is a convenient one, aJd cannot at present be dispensed with. Mr. Gladstone promised to do away with it, and Mr.. Disraeli replied that the Conservative party had always been opposed to it. .So the experience of Great Britain in this matter is not favourable. Tho incidence of Mr. Boucaut's scheme, if cor- rectly described in the telegraphic messages, is singularly unjust. Investors are to be charged sixpence in the pound on the income derived from their investments; and persons in receipt, of salaries over £200 a year are to pay threepence in the pound. If there is no provision for taxing those engaged in industrial or mercan- tile pursuits who are ' making good incomes, the Ministerial proposal is not likely to be accepted, for it is manifestly unfair. We shall await full details with considerable interest, for New South Wales will have to submit to increased taxation ere long, and we may well learn all we can from the experiments of our neighbours, The New Guinea prospectors have had many hardships to undergo, hut not more than they must have expected ; and they have been very judicious, or very fortunate, in avoiding conflicts with the natives. It yjpuld'bo unsafe to calculate upon,the continuance of this immunity from dis- asters. Several deaths have already occurred, and there have been indications that some of the adventurers are disposed to deal rather high- handedly with tho natives. It is almost too much to expect the" bloodless conquest of the1 island, and conquest is inevitable with the adventurous disposition which Australians are manifesting. Although we do not hear any well-authenticated news of payable gold being discovered, there are abundant indications that such exists, and the prospectors will, doubtless, find out its locality. Even the most sceptical must now admit that Mr. Goldie's discovery of gold was of great importance; and though some jour- nals affected to ignore it at the time, they must j perforce confess that it was the opening of a new j chapter in the history of New Guinea, and, per- \ haps, oE the British E npire of the South, In a country so largo and with such a scattered population as" >*ew South "Wales, it is a difficult matter to secure justice being done to the outlying districts. It is not that there is the slightest desire on the part of anyone to be unjust, but it is difli cult to realise the importance of matters taking place many hundred miles away ; and also it must bo confessed that the persons interested in the district do not always take the best means to bring their wants before their fol low-colonists. Wentworth, for example, is seven hundred miles from Sydney, but its interests are mainly in the keeping of the Government and Parliament centred in our city. It does not require any great penetration to see that Wentworth will eventually take an important place among Australian cities. It will- be the Albury of the west ; perhaps its destiny is even higher than that, and it might be, as Mr, Boucaut recently suggested, the future federal city, Apart from any fanciful drôsms Of this Sûre, it is the natural centre of the extensive trade of the con verging river districts. Any facilities, therefore, for the trade of Wentworth, are facilities for the conveyance of the production of the great part oF the Riverina and the South Western districts of the colony. The natural outlet for the com- merce of Wentworth is not Sydney, nor Melbourne, but the South Australian coast and the mouth of the Murray ; and in the in- terests of our fellow-colonists of the south-west, it is our duty to encourage any movement which will help them to develop the country and to convey their products to market cheaply. The South Australian Government has offered to make a railway to Wentworth from their own line now in progress to the border. Objections, we understand, aro raised by the pro- ' fessional advisers of our Ministry, but it is the- . part of statesmen to overcome the difficulties. There are, of course, grave objections to tue plan of allowing other Governments to construct public works, but it seems possible to arrange ternis,, reserving a right of purchase, by which this might, be done without sacrificing any of the sovereign, rights of our Government. . Deputations come fast and thick upon the mem- bers of the Government, Instead ot' having a quiet, time during the parliamentary vacation, in which they might give undisturbed attention to publie: business, and to the maturing of their policy, they are pestered day after day by deputations on every conceivable subject. It is high time some limit were set to this practice, for if tho Ministers da their duty, they ought to be as readily accessible by welt-considered written representations as by confused and hasty deputation speeches.. We are rapidly leaviug behind us the' traditions of parliamentary aud responsible Government, and are inaugurating a new era of Government by personal pressure; when depu- tations and private interviews will take the place of parliamentary discussions, and when discon- tented citizens will " bullyrag" the Ministers ¡a their offices instead of voting against them at ,tlie polling booth, or in tho Legislative Assembly. Wo«, congratulate Mr. Burns on the smart snub he ad- ministered to the Gundagai deputation on Wed- nesday ; it is evident that his voyages have invigorated him, and if he repeats the dose once or twice he will find that his time will not be taken up with troublesome visitors, who: might just as well express their views on paper., The Victorian Attorney-General is a baronet, anet that covers a multitude of sins in the eyes oven ut'. . democratic politicians. His triumph over Mr,. Francis was a service deserving great rewards ac. ... the hands of Mr. Berry, and it seems that he i* ?. prepared to talk as extravagantly as ~ His- . leader. In fact his last speech seems- '? to have been more revolutionary than: ¡ anything his chief has uttered. He talks of «end- ; ing the members of the Council across the Murray,'. if they do not accept the Berry scheme ot reform.. . '' Well, we can give the Conservative leaders of Vic- toria a friendly reception in New South Wales,, f just as England received within her borders all- tin* exiled despots of Eurone. They might settlo- < here, and yet if we maintain a policy ot thoughtful, manly liberalism, they would do us no» harm, and their wealth might do us good.. Sh* Bryan also talks of requesting the Governor to step on board a vessel iu the bay. This is really [ too bad, after the generous support, which Sir George Bowen has given the party in office. Per- haps he will have a word or two .to say in private* to the rash baronet, who may thank, his stars that he did not. make these remarks thirty years.,., ago, or he would have been promptly, put on board a ship in the bay, or dealt with in some equally vigorous manner. This " tall talk" is unworthy of a British colouy. If tim Berry party wish to gain their end, they will have- - to adopt different tactics, in spite of their seeming success at present. They may plunge the country into confusion by revolutionary speeches, but it is: unlikely that they will secure permanent consti*. ; tutional reform by that means. , '. The appointment of the Marquis of Lorne to the Governor-Generalship of Canada is a noteworthy event, and it illustrates certain .phases ol' the Karl of Beaconsfield's statesmanship. The appointment"- { is a good one, for the Marquis is a young man ofr { considerable, intellectual power, though lie has re- frained from taking part in political debates in the: ( House of Commons. It isa curious coincidence/ , that the Governors-General of India and Canada'. " r are both young nobles who have distinguished themselves in the domain of poetry, lie is one- . ' of the few Liberals who have deserted their: ; party in deference to court influence,- ; and he has his reward. But, although it is not likely that he would have secured this high posi- ' tion if he had voted against the Government, there is a significance in the appointment apart frorur ' this consideration.' It is as the husband of Princess: : Louise that he is chosen, and as the favourite of Her Majesty. It has long been the desire of Earl' Beaconsfield to exalt; the power and influence of the Crown and the court, and this is one of the' means he has adopted. We have indicated in no uncertain terms our belief that the main outlines of his policy are inj urious to the country, and that he is often very unscrupulous in his political tactics, but we have never imitated tho un- generous conduct of such speakers as Sir James Martin, by denying the patriotism of those we disagree with. We fully believe that Lord Beaconsfield desires to benefit his country, whilst gratifying his own ambition. He has advocated,, when not absorbed in party stratagems, the im- provement of the condition of the masses by the aid of the Crown and the country gentry. He has always discouraged the selfishness of landed pro- prietors living for themselves alone, instead of taking their position as the natural leaders of the people. But his best and noblest thoughts have been visionary and impractical, and we can- not see that his policy of strengthening: the influence of the Crown can do much to meet the wants of modern society. Whilst giving his Lordship credit for many noble ideas., it seems that he is working in opposition to the social forces of the age. Long and bitter experi- ence has convinced the lower classes that they must depend on their own organisation for politi cal and social reform; and that the charitable doles of favour from the court or the gentry are a poor substitute for the possession of the political rights of manhood. 