[?] Within the Precincts. By Mrs. 0L1PHAXT. [The right of publication in Australia bas been purchased by the proprietor* ot tlie Sydnty if nil. j Chavteh XXXIII. JyOtliL- made her waj; down the Slopes alone, with feelings which h-ul greatly clianged fr--Tii those of a little while a ro ll ow lr j-py i-he had bwn 1 The hour that had pa*.«od thus under the dropping leaves had been like paradiise, but the portals of exit from paradise ure perhaps never bo sweet as those of entrance. Her corning away was with a sense of humiliation and slmnie. As .-- he wound her way down her favourite by-road winding among the shrubs and trees, «hc could not help feeling that she wns making her escape, as if from some guilty meeting, some clandestine rendez vous. In oil iu-r life I/ittie luul never known this sensation before. She had iieon shv, and had shrunk from the ga*e of people who hud stared at her in admiration of her beauty or of her singing, but in her shyness there had always been the pride t f innocence ; ami never before had she been, afraid to meet any eye, or felt it necessary to steal away tok-cp out of sight, as if she had been guilty. She had not done anything wrong, but yet she had all the feeling of having done something wrung— the desire to escape, the horror of detection. To some the secret meeting, the roiiiiincc and mystery, would have but additional Inppiness, but Lottie, proud and frank and open-hearted, could not bear the very thought of doing anything of which she was ashumed. The sensation hurt and humiliated her. All had l«en very different befon — To meet her luver unawares, yet not 'without intention, with a delightful element of chance in eaeli encounter, to l'K-k out secretly for him, yet wonder innocently to find him, to let her steps be drawn here ? :),. rc bv a si'iiM' of his presence, with a fund pretence of a; voiding him, u sweet certainty of meeting him — all these risks and hazard* of emotion llad been natural. But Lottie felt with a sudden jar of her nerves and miud that this ought not to continue so. She had felt a little wondering disappointment on ihe previous night when he had asked her to meet him again, without auv suggestion that he should go to her, or make the new bond between them known. Even then then' had been a faint jar, a sigh of unfulfilled expectations. But now their hurried parting, her own flight, the little panic lest they should be seen, and discovery follow, made Lottie's heart' sick. How well she could imagine how this ought to have been ! They ought not to have fled from each other or been afraid of any man's eve. It would not have mattered whether the Signor or any one sus]-ected. Blushing and shy, yet with full faith in the sympathy of all who saw her, lloltie would have walked down the Dean's path with her betrothed : she would have avoided no one. She would have been shame faced but not ashamed. What a difference between the two \ all the difference that there is between the soft blush of happiness and the miserable burning of guilt. And this was what ought to have been. Half Lottie's misery — .-is half the mi sen- of all imaginative inexperienced women — arose from Ihe pain and dissapointment of some failure on the part of those she loved from the ideal standard she hud set up in her soul. She was disappointed, not so much because of the false position in which she herself was placed (for this, except instinctively, she had but little realized), bat because liollo was not doing, not yet, all tliat it seemed right for liim to do. She would have forced and beaten (had she been able) Law into the fulfilment of his duty, oven she would have made him generous to herself, not for the sake of herself, but that he should be a model of brotherhood on example of nil « true man ought to be ; and if this was bo in the case of her brother, how much more with her lover 'i If it was the highest ideal of a man to be harsh ns a tyrant or indifferent as u sultan, how much happier many a poor creature would be ! It seems a paradox, to say so, but it is true enough, for the worst of nil is to feel that the wrong done to her is worse wrong to him, an infringe ment of the glory of the being whom she would fain sec per fect. This, liowcvcr, is a mystery beyond the comprehension of the crowd. Lottie was used to being disappointed with Law — was she fated to another disappointment more cruel «nd bitter 't She did not ask herself the question, she would not have thought it even, much less said it, for all the world, but secretly there was a wonder, a pang, a faint sense of failure in her heart. It is not without an effort, however, that the heart will permanently admit any such disappointment. As Lottie went her way thus drooping, ashamed and discouraged, thinking of everything thut had been done and that ought to have been done, there drifted vaguely across her mind a ' kind of picture of Rollo' s meeting with her father, and what it would be. She had no sooner thought of it than a glow of alarm came over he face, and insensibly of consolation to her mind. Itollo and her father ! What would the Captain Ray to him ? Ho would put on his graud air in which even Lottie had no faith ; he would exhibit himself in all his vain greatness, in nil his self- importance, jaunty and fine to his future son-in-law. He would give Lottie herself a word of commendation in passing, and he would spread himself forth before the stranger as if it was he whom Hollo wanted and cared for. Lottie's steps quickened out of the languid pace into which they had fallen, and her very forehead grew criniBon as she realised that meeting. Thank heaven, it had not taken placc yet Rollo had been too wise, too kind, too delicate to humble his love by hurrying into the presence of the Captain, into the house where the Captain's new wife reigned supreme. The uew wife — she too would have a share in it, she would be called into counsel, ehc would give her advice in everything, and claim a right to interfere. Oh, Lottie thought,' how foolish she had been How much wiser was Rollo. no doubt easting about in his mind how it was best to be done, and pondering over it care fully to spare her pain. She felt herself enveloped in one blush from the crown of her head to the sole of her feet, but how sweet was that shauie. It wits she who was foolish, not he who had failed. Her cheeks burned with a penitent flush, but he was faultless. There was uothiug in hiui to disapoint, butonly the most delicate kindness, the teuderest care of her. How could she have thought otherwise ' It was not possible that Rollo should like scored meetings, should fear discovery. In the first days of theiracquaintacce he had shown no reluctance to come to the humble little lodge. But now — his finer feeling shrank from it now — he wanted to take his love away from that desecrated place, not to shame her by prying into its ignoble mysteries. He was wiser, better, kinder than any one. And she was ashamed of herself, not any longer of anything else, ashamed of her poor, mean, worthy 'interpretation of him ; and as happy in her new changed consciousness of guilt and penitence and self disgust — as happy as if, after her downfall into earth, she had now safely got back iuto heaven. By this time she had got out of the wooden Slopes, and over the stile, and into the steep thoroughfare at the foot of the Abbey walls, the pavement of St. Michael's Hill. Lottie did not feel that theie was anv harm in walking through the streets alone, as Rollo thought there was. She wanted no attendant. A little body guard invisible, but, with a radiance going out from them which shone about her, attended upon her way. Love and inno cence and happiness, no longer with drooping heads but brave and sweet, a band invisible guaranteeing their charge against all ills. As she went along the street with this shining retinue, there was nothing in all the world that would have banned her, and nobody wanted to harm the girl ; of whom, but that she was proud, no soul in St. Michael's had an unkind word to say. Even-body knew the domestic trouble that had come upon her,' and all the town was sorry for Lottie — all the more that there was jtcrhaps a human satisfaction in being sorry for one whose fault was that die was proud. She met Captain Temple as «he entered the Abbey Gate. Many thoughts about her ibad been in the kind old man's heart all the morning, and it was partly to look for her after vain walks about the Abbey Precincts that he was turning his steps towards the town. He came up to her -sigerly, taking her hand between JbuB. He thought she wusl hsiyc been wandering out dis ecnsolaie, no matter where, to get away from the houw , which was no longer a fit home for one like her. He was j hj disturbed and anxious about her, that the shadow which j was in his mind seemed to darken over Lottie, and cast a reflection of gloom upon her face. ' You have been out early, my dear r W hy did you not send for me to go with you r After matins I am always at your service,' he said. There was none of the gloom which Captain Temple imagined in Lottie's face. She looked up at him out of the soft mist of her own musings with a smile. ' I went out before matins,' she said : ' I have been out a long time. I had — something to do.' ' My poor child child ! I fear you have been wanderinsr, keeping out of the wav,' said' the old Captain. Then another thought seized Mm. Had she begun already to serve the new wife and do the errands r '? My dear,' he said, 'what have you been doing? you must not be too good — you must noi forget yourself too much. Your duty to your father is one thing, but you must not let yourself be made use of now — vou must recollect vour position, mv dear.' 'My position ' she looked up at him bewildered : for she wax thinking only of Rollo, while he thought only of her father's wife. ' Yes, Lottie, my dear child, you have thought only of your duty hitherto, but you must not yield to every encroachment. You must not allow them think that you give up even-thing.' ' Ah,' said Lottie, lifting to him eyes which seemed to swim in a haze of light : ' to give up everything would be so — . I don't know what you mean,' she added hastily, in a half terrified tone. As for Captain Temple, he was quite bewildered, and did not know what to think. ' Need I explain, my dear, what I mean ? There can be but one thing that all your friends are thinking of. This ' new relation, this new connection. I could not sleep all night for thinking of you in that house with that woman. -ly poor child ! and mv wife too. You were the last thing we talked of at night, the first in the morning ? ' ' Ah,' said Lottie again, coming back to reality with a long-drawn breath. ' I was not thinking of her, but I understand you now.' Lottie, had, however, some difficulty in thinking of her even now; for one moment, being thus recalled to the idea, her countenance changed, but then came back to its original expression. Her eyes were dewy and sweet — n suspicion of tears in them like the morning dew on (lowers with the sunshine reflected in it, the long eyelashes moist, but the blue beneath as clear as a summer sky, and the corners of her mouth would run into curves of smiling unawares : her face was not the face of one upon whom the ww-s of the world were lying heavy, but of one to whom some new happiness hud come. She was not thinking of what he was saying, but of something in her owp mind. The kind old Captain could not tell what to think ; he was alaimcd, though he could not tell why. ' Th en it is not so bad,' he said, ' as you feared 'r ' ' What is not so bad? Tilings at home V Oh, Captain Temple ! But I try not to think about it,' Lottie said hast :lv, with a quiver 111 her lip. She looked at him wist fully, with a sudden longing. ' I wish — 1 wish — but it is better not to say anything.' ' You may trust to me, my dear; whatever is in your heart I will never betray you, you may trust to me.' Lottie's eyes filled with tears as she looked at him, but | she shook her head. They were not bitter tears, only a j bitter-sweet of happiness that wanted expression, but j which she dared not: reveal. If she could but have told J him ' If Rollo, failing her father, vvotdd but come and speak to this kind and true friend ! But she shook her | head. She was no longer free to say and do whatever ! pleased her out of her own heart. She must think of him, j and while he did not speak what could she say ? She put out her hand to her old friend again with a little sudden artifice unlike Lottie. ' I have been out all the morning,' she said ; ' 1 must make haste and get back now.' ' I am very glad you are not unhappy,' said the old Captain, looking at her regretfully. He was not quite sincere. To tell the truth, it gave him a shock to find that Lottie was not unhappy ; how could she put up with such a companion — with such a fate 'i He went in to his wife, who had been watching furtively at the window while this conversation was going on, to talk it all over. Mrs. Temple was almost glad to find something below perfection in the girl about whom secretly she thought as much as her hus band talked. ' We have been thinking too much about it,' she said ; ' if she can fiud the stepmother congenial it will be better for her.' ' Congenial .' you are talking folly. How could she be congenial r ' cried Captain Tousle, with great heat, but he did not know what to make of it. He was disappointed in Lottie. When he had met her the day before she had been quivering with pain and shame, revolted and outraged as it was right and natural she should be. And now it seemed to have passed altogether from her mind. He could not make it out. He was disappointed ; he went on talking of this wonder all day long and shaking his white head. As for Lottie, when she went home, she passed through the house, light and silent as a ghost, to her own little room where, abstracted from everything else, she could live in the new little world of her own which had come out of the mists into such sudden and beautiful life. It was very unlike Lottie, but what more does the young soul want when the vita twora has just begun, but such a possibility of self abstraction and freedom to pursue its dreams r1 Rapt in these she pave up her occupation, her charge, without a sigh. When she was called to table she came quite gently j and took no notice of anything that passed there, having enough in her own mind to keep her busy. Law was as much astonished a6 Captain Temple. He biad thought that Lottie would not endure it for a day, but, thanks to that i happy pre-occupation, Lottie sailed serenely through these troubled waters for more than a week, during which she spent a considerable portion of her time on the Slopes, though the weather grew colder and colder every day, and the rest in her own room, in which she sat tireless, doing her accustomed needlework, herdarningsand mendings mechani cally, while Polly remodelled the drawing room, covering it up with crocheted anti-inacassars, and all the cheap and coarse devices of vulgar upholstery. While this was going on, she too was content to have Lottie out of the way. Polly per vaded the house with high- pitched voice and noisy* step ; and she filled it with savoury odours, giving the two men hot suppers, instead of poor Lottie's cold beef, which they had ' often found monotonous. The Captain now came in for this meal which in former times he had rarely favoured ; he spent the evenings chiefly at home, having notjf-et dropped out of the fervour of the honeymoon, and on the whole Law was not sure that there was not something to be said for the new administration of the house. There was no cold beef — that was an improvement patent to the meanest capacity. As for Polly, nothing had yet occured to mar her glory and happiness. She wore her blue silk every day, she walked gloriously about the streets in her orange-blossoms, pointed out by everybody nsone of the ladies of the Abbey. She went 'to the afternoon sen-ice and sat in her privileged seat, and looked down with dignified sweetness upon the girls ' who wene as she once was. She felt -herself as a goddess j sitting there in the elevated seat to which she had a right, and it seemed to her that to be a chevalier's wife was as grand as to be a princess. But Polly did not soil her lips with so vulgar a word as wife. She called herself a cheva lier's lady, and her opinion of her class was great. 'Chevalier means the same thing as knights, and, instead of being missis, I am sure we should all be my lady,' Polly said, if we have our rights.' Even her husband laughed, but this did not change her opinion. It was ungrateful of the other chevaliers' ladies that they took no notice of this uew champion of their order. But' for the moment Polly, in the elation of her success, took no notice of this, and was content to wait for the recognition which sooner or later she felt would be sure to come. This elation kept her from interfering with Lottie, whose self-absorbed life in her own room, and her exits and entrances, Mrs. Despord tolerated and seemed to accept as natural ; she had so many things to occupy and to please her, that she could afford to let her step-daughter alone. And thus Lottie pursued for a little way that life out of nature to which she had been driven. She lived in those moments on the Slopes, and in the hours she spent at the Signors piano singing: and then brooded over these inter vals of life in the silence after. Her lessons had increased to three in the week, and these hours of so-called study were each like a drama of intense and curious interest. Rollo was always there, a fact which he explained to the Signor by his professional interest in the new singer, and wLjch to Lottie required no explanation, and there too wng her humbie lover, young Purcell, who as she grew familiar with the sight of him, and showed no displeasure at his appearance, ventured daily more and more, venturing some times to turn the leaves of' the music, and even to speak_ to her. Mrs. O'Shaughnessy, who sat by, watching them all with lively but not extravagant interest, was the only one in the little party who was not more or less excited. As for Lottie, it was the centre of all her life. If music be the food of love, love was the vc rv inspiration of music to her ; the two re-acted upon each other, raising her to such a height of primitive heroic passion as nobody near her divined — as nobody, indeed, except perhaps the Signor, with his Italian susceptibility, was capable of divining. He saw indeed with dissatisfac tion, with an interest which was almost angry, that it was not art that moved her, and that the secret of the astonish ing progress she made was not in hi6 instructions. What was it : T he Signor was angry, for he felt no certainty thai this wonderful progress was real. Something made her sing like an angel. What was it V not art. The natural qualities of her voice were not to be gainsaid; but the musician felt that the training under which she seemed to be advancing visibly was all fictitious, and- that it was some ?thing else that inspired her. But Rollo had no such enlightenment. He remarked with all the technicality of an amateur how her high notes gained in clearness, ana her low notes in melody, at even- new effort. It was wonder ful, but then the Signor was a wonderful teacher, a wonder ful accompanvist, and what so natural as that a creature of genius like ihis should grow under his teaching like a Bower. Though it was to him she sang, and though her love for him was her inspiration, Rollo was as unaware of this as old Pickering in the hall, who listened and shook his head, and decided in his heart that a woman with a voice like that was a deal too grand for Mr. John. 'She is more like Jenny Lind than anything,' old Pick said, and in this Mr. Ridsdale agreed, as he sat iind listened and thought over the means which should be employed to secure her success. As for young Purcell he stood entranced and turned over the leaves of the music. Should he ever dare to speak to her again, to offer her his love, as he had once ventured to do — she seemed born to enthral the whole world. But then the young fellow thought who was there but he who had an 'onie to offer Loftier He who was the nobler of the two between whom slm stood, the two men who loved her, all his thought was that she being unhappy, poor, her father's house made wretched to her, he had an 'ome to qffer her. Whereas Kollo thought of nothing but of the success she must achieve in which he would have his share. In order to achieve that success Ilollo had no mind to lend her even his name, but the idea that it was a thing certain comforted him much in the consciousness of his own imprudent engagement, and gave a kind of sanction to his love. To marry a woman with such a faculty for earning money could not be called entirely imprudent. Those were the oileulations, generous, and the reverse, which were made about her. Only Lottie herself made no calculations, but sang out of the fulness of her heart, and the delicate pjssion that possessed her; and the Signor stood and watched, dissatisfied, sympathetic, the only one that understood at all, though he but poorly, the high emotion and spring-tide of what produced that flood of song. In this highly-strained unatural way, life went on amid this little group of people, few of whom were conscious of any volcano under their feet. It went on day by day, and they neither perceived the gathering rapidity of movement in ihe events, nor any other sign that day should not be as yesterday. Shortly after the explanation had taken place between Rollo and'Lottie, Augusta Huntington, now Mrs. Daventrv, arrived upon her first visit home. She was the Dean's only child, and naturally every honour was done to her. All the country round, every one that was of sufficient importance to meet the Dean's daughter, came to dinner. The Dean himself took the matter in hand to see that no one was overlooked. They would all like, he thought, to see Augusta, the Princess Royal of the reigning house, and Augusta was graciously pleased to like it too. The last of these entertainments was a great musical party, to which all who had known Miss Huntington, all the singers in the madrigals and choruses of which she had been so fond, were asked. When Lottie's invitation came, there had been a great tliriil and commotion in Captain Despard's lodge. Lottie did not even suspect the feeling which had been roused on the subject when she took out her white muslin dress, now alas, no longer so fresh as at first, and inspected it anxiously. It would do still with judicious ironing, but what would she do for ornaments, now that roses were no longer to be had. This troubled Lottie's mind greatly though it may be thought a frivolous question, until a few houre before the time, when two different presents came for her, of flowers, one being a large and elaborate bouquet '; the other a bunch of late roses, delicate, lovely, half opened buds, which could only have come out of some consemitory. One of these was from liollo, and who could doubt which it was ? Who but he would have remembered her sole decoration, and found for her in winter those ornaments of J une 'i What did she care who sent the other. She decked herself with the roses, in a glow of grateful tenderness as proud as she washapppy to find herself thus provided by his delicate care and fore thought. It did not occur to Lottie to notice the dark looks that were thrown at her as 6he came downstairs all white and shining and was wrapped by Law (always ostentatiously attentive to his sister in Polly's presence) in the borrowed glory of Mrs. O'Shaughnessy's great Indian shawl. The party was large and crowded, and Lottie, all alone in it, was frightened and confused at first : but they were all very kind to her, she thought. Lady Caroline said, ' How do you do Miss Despard,' with something like a smile, and looked as if she might have given Lottie her hand, and had not the girl been afraid, and Augusta, when she found her out, came forward with a welcome which was almost effusive. ' I hear you have improved so much,' she said,' taking in at one glance all the particulars of Lottie's appear ance, with a wondering question within herself where the roses came from, though she perceived at once that it was the same white muslin frock. And when Lottie sang, which the Signor managed she should do with great effect towards the close of the evening, Augusta rushed to her with great eyes of astonishment. ' Where did you get all that voice,' she cried ; ' you did not have that voice when I went away.' ' I flatter myself it was I that found Miss Despaid out,' said Rollo, suffering himself to look at her, which hitherto he had onlv done when there was a shield of crowding groups between iiim and his cousin. Before this he had managed to make the evening sweet to Lottie by many a whispered word. But when he looked at her now, unawares, under Augusta's very eyes, with that fond look of proprietorship which is so unmistakable by the experi enced, and to which Lottie responded shyly by a smile and blush, and conscious tremor of happiness, neither of them knew what a fatal moment it was. Augusta, looking on, suddenly woke up to the meaning of it, the meaning of Rollo's long stay at the Deanery, and various other wonders. She gave the pair but one look, and then she turned away. But Lottie did not see that anything strange had happened. She was so happy that even when Rollo too left her alarmed, her heart was touched and consoled by the kindly looks of the people whom she knew in the crowd, the ladies who had heaid her sing before at the Deanery, and who were gracious to her, and Mr. Ashford who kept by her side and watched over her ' like a father,' Lottie said to herself, 1 with affectionate gratitude, such as might have become that impossible relationship. The Minor Canon did not leave her for the rest of the evening, and he it was who saw her home, waiting till the door was opened, and pressing kindly, her trembling cold hand, for, she could not tell ' how, (he end of the even ing was depressing and discouraging, and the pleasure went all out of it when Rollo whispered to her passing, 'Take care for heaven's sake or Augusta will find us out ! ' Why should it matter so much to him that Augusta should find it out ? Was not she more to him than Augusta. Lottie shrank within herself and trembled with a nervous chill. She was half grateful to, half angry with even Mr. Ashford. Why should he be so much more kind to her, so much more careful of her, than the man who had promised her his love and perpetual care ? But even now when she stole in, shivering with the cold of disapointment and discouragement through the dark house to her room, Lottie did not know all that fin's evening had wrought. And she scarcely noticed the gloom on Polly's face, nor the strain of angry monologue which her father's wife gave vent to next morning. Polly wondered what was the good of being a married lady, when a young unmarried girl that was nobody was took such noticeof, and her betters JetaJ 'ome? Did people know no manners — gentlefolks J they called themselves, gentlefolks and behave like that ? If that was politeness Polly thanked heaven it was not the kind she had been taught. But the outburst came when Lottie, taking no notice, scarcely even hearing what was said, showed herself with her music in her hands going out to her lesson. Polly came out of her husband's room and planted herself defiantly in Lottie's way. 'Whero are you going again,' she said, ' Miss ? where are you going again '( Is this to be always the way of it ? Do you mean never to stay at home nor do anything to help nor make yourself agreeable ? I declare it is enough to put a saint into a passion. But I won't put up with it, I can. tell you. I aid'not comehere to be treated like this, likethe dirt under your feet.' Lottie was almost too much taken by surprise to speak. It was the firstabsolute shock of collision. *' I am going for my lesson,' she said. ' Your lesson,' cried Polly. ' Oh my patience, oh my j oor 'usband ! that is the way his money goes — lessons for you and lessons for Law, and I don't know what ! You ought to be ashamed of yourselves, you two. You ought 0 lie making your living both of you, if you were honest, instead of living on your father 'as wants all he's got for himself. But you sliant go to any lesson if I can help it,' she cried. ' You'll stay at home, and' try and be of a little use, or you'll march off this very day, and find some one else to put up with you and your lessons. It shan't be me 1 won't stand by and see my husband wronged. You'll ruin him between , you, that's what you'll do — go back, Miss, and put down them books this moment. I won't have it, I tell you. I'll not see my 'usband eaten up by the likes of you.' -?-( Polly's diction suffered from her passion and so did her appearance. Her face grew scarlet, her eyes flashed with fury. She put out. her hand to push Lottie back, who shrank from her with a cry of dismay — ' ? ' Let me pass, please,' said Lottie piteously. She could not quarrel with this woman, she could not even enter so much into conflict with her as to brush past her, and thus escape. She shrank with pain and horror from the excited creature in her way. - '? It's you that will have to go back,' said Polly, 'not me. I'm the mistress of this house you'll please to recollect, Miss Lottie. Your father's been a deal too good, he's let you do just what you pleased, but that's not my style. I begins as I mean to end. You shan't stay here, I tell you, whatever you may think, if you want to trample upon me, and eat up every penny he has. Go and take off your things this moment, and see if you can't be a little use in the house.' Lottie was struck dumb, and could not tell what to say. She had not been cared for much in her life, but she had never been restrained, and the sensation was new to her. She did not know how to reply. ' I do not wish to be in j'our way,' she cried. ' I shall not stay long nor trouble you much, but please do not interfere with me while I am here. I must go.' ' And I say you shan't go !' said Polly, raising her voice after the manner of her kind, and stamping her foot on the floor. ' If you disobey me, I won't have you here not anotherday. I'll turn you out if it was twelve o'clock at night. I'll show you that I am mistress in my own house. Do you think I'm going to be outfaced by you, and treated like the dirt below your feet ? Go and take off your things this moment, and try if you can't settle to a bit of work. Out of this house you shan't go not a single step.' ' I say, stand out of the way,' said Law ; he had coma out of the dining room with his hands in his pockets, having just finished his dinner. Law was not easily moved, but he had now made up his mind that he was on Lottie's side. ' Don't give yourself airs to her. She is not of your sort,' he said. ' The governor may let you do many things, but not bully her. Look here, Polly, you'd better stand out of her way.' ' And who are you, you lazy useless lout, that dares to call me Polly f' she cried. ' Polly indeed ! your fathers wife, and far better than you. I'll make him put you to the door, too, you idle low fellow, spending your time with a pack of silly, dressing, useless girls ? ' ' I say, stop that,' cried Law, growing red — and seizing her suddenly by the arm — he stood no ceremony with Polly though she was his father's wife, but he gave an uneasy alarmed glance at Lottie. ' There's some one waiting for you outside,' he cried. ' Lottie, go.' She did not wait for any more. Trembling and horified she ran past and got out, breathless, hastily closing the door behind her. The door had been open and Mrs. O'Shaugh nessy outside, and drawing her skirts round her physically and metaphorically so as to avoid all pollution, yet listening to everything she could hear, was walking up and down the pavement. ' The poor child the good Irishwoman said, half sorry, half delighted to hear the first of the scandal. ' Already ! has it come to this ? Mo heart is sore for ye, Lottie me dear !' 