THE ENCYCLICAL OF LEO XIII. A Pastoral Lktteu xo thk Cleugy and Laity of the Dioceses or Sydney asd Armidalf. (By Roger JBede, Archbinltop of Sydney and Administrator Apostolic of Ar mi dale.) (Concluded. Now turn from the desert, the cave and. the tomb, from the song of love and peace to the agony of physical trial and the supreme moment of martyrdom. Here comes out the same temper as Christ manifested on the Cross. Here is displayed the strength, the supernatural hero ism of the soul impregnated with a firm belief m the kingdom of the Father, and possessed of an indomitable persuasion that death is the begin ning of a more glorious, of an intenser life than that vouchsafed to man on earth. The delicate and fragile Blandina tired out her tormentors, and found her strength in declaring herself a Christian. Sanctus, while the burning plates of brass were pressed upon his body, bore it, manfully by crying out, 'lam a follower of Christ.' 'Ho stood erect and firm.' say his brethren, ' bathed and strength ened in the heavenly well of living water which flows from the breast of Christ.' Epipodius, ' a young man of noble birth, when struck in the mouth till the blood flowed, cried out, 'I confess that Jesus Christ is God together with the Father and the Holy Ghost.' At Alexandria, the Chris tian Slave-girl Potamioena, when they were about to unclothe her, in order to dip her in the cauldron of hot pitch, said to the prefect, ' I pray you rather, let mo be dipped down slowly into it with my clothes on, and you shall see with what patience I am gifted by Him of whom you are ignorant, Jesus Christ.' Barillas, a mere child of seven, when being scourged till the blood flowed, kept on repeating the Catechism before the Judge and saying, 'There is but one God, and Jeans j Christ is true God.' Germanicus, far from ' fearing the wild beasts, provoked thorn to fall on him. Laurence was inconsolable, seeing I his chief, the holy Sixtus, going to martyrdom without him, and cried out after him : ' O my father, whither goest thou without thy son ?' and when three days later he lay on the burning gridiron , he turned with all composure to the Prefect and said after a while : ' Turn me ; this side is done !' (For these and other examples, see Grammar of Assent, chap, x., ' Kevealed Religion, p. 401, seq.) Thus passed away, in those early ages thousands of holy spirits, counting it gain to spill their lives for Christ's dear sake, leaving this passing scene, to use the words of those who wrote of them, ' refreshed with the joy of martyrdom, the hope of blessedness, love towards Christ, and the spirit of G-od the Father!' What was done with such a supernatural readiness of self-immolation by the great mass of Christian men, women, and even by children, in the early ages, when Christ's Vision was so close upon them, was done also by grave sages and deep-thinking philosophers. No class escaped the thraldom of Christ, and the influence of His Spiritual Empire. To take one telling example winch speaks for all the rest — St. Justin was born in the second century, and was martyred in 167. He had run through all the wisdom of his day, and had probed every philoso phy. He was converted in 132, about twenty years after St. John's death, by the beauty and depth of Christ's life and teaching. The account of his J martyrdom and that of his companions, as given in an acient narrative, runs thus : — When the persecution raged against the Chris- j tians for the r refusing to sacrifice to idols, the j holy men (Justin and his companions) were arrested and brought before Rusticus, the perfect of Borne, who bade Justin believes in the gods and obey the Emperor. He answered, ' It is safe and un exceptional to obey the commands of one Saviour Jesus Christ.' The Prefect asked, ' What department of learning do you pursue ?' Justin answered, '' I have essayed nil, but I have attached myself to that true philosophy which, the Christians profese, however displeasing it. may to mistaken roason evs.' ' Miserable man,' said Rusticus, ' is that your learning ?' The other replied, ' Yes, verily, I profess it in all truth of doctrine.' ' What doctrine?' 'A reverent acknowledgment of the God of the Christians, whom we account to be the One original Maker and Framer of the whole world, visiblo and invisible, and of the Lord Jeans Ciu-ist, the Son of Croclj ^ho was foretold by the prophets as the Herald of salva tion, and the Instructor of dutiful disciples.. For myself, mortal as T am, L cannot hope to speak adequately of His infinite Majesty, which is a gift peculiar to the prophets, for they foi'e told His coming, whom I have declared to be the Son of God.' ? The Prefect said, ' Where is your place - of meeting?' Justin answered, 'Where each chooses, and is able to cjiuo. Do you think that we all meet at the same place ? Not so, for the Christian's God is not bounded , by spaced, but though invisible fills both heaven uud earth, and everywhere receives the homage, and praise of the faithful. The Prefect Rusticus replied, ' Tell me where ye meet together, in what place thou atsembled thy dis ciples.'1 Justin answered, 'That ho lodged near one Martinus,,at the baths called Timiotine ; that this was the second time he had sojourned in Rome ; that throughout the whole period lie had known no other place of meeting ; that he had communicated the words of truth toany'bne' who chose to visit him.' Rusticus said, 'Art thou not in short a Christian?'- Justin an swered, ' Yes, I am a Christian.' Then the Prefect said to Charito, 'Say, .thou too, Charito, — Art thou a Christian ? '? Charito answered, by God's command T am a Christian.' He then said to Charitina, 'And what suyest thou, Charitina ?. ' She answered, ' By God's gift I am_ a Christian.' He next addressed Evelpistus, and said, ' And what art. thou ? ' He being a slave of Cresar's, made answer, 'Itooani a Christian, being made free by Christ, ' and am partaker by Christ's favour of the same hope. ' The Prefect said to Hierax, ' And art thou a Christian ?' Hierax said, ' Yea, I am a Christian, for I reverence and adore the same God.'' Husticus said, 'Hath Justin made you Christians ?' Hierax answered, 1 was a Christian, and 1 will continue one. Then Pccon stood up and said, '' I too am a Christian.' The Prefect said, 'Who was he (hat taught thec ? Pojou answered, ' From my parents I received this good confession.' .Evel pistus said, 'I too, though I have listened gladly to the preaching of Justin, was taught of my parents to be a Christian.' Rusticus said, ' And where are thy parents?' Evelpistus answered, 'In C'apnadocia.' The Prefect asked Hierax where his parents were. Hierax made answer in these words: 'Christ is our true Father, and faith in Him 'is our true Mother. My earthly parents are dead, and I myself have been brought hither from Iconium iu Phrygia.' Tlic Prefect Brusticus addressed Liberianus. 'And what dost thou say? — Art thou a Christian ?---Art thou too an unbeliever ?' Liberianus said, '1 too am a Christian, for I am a believer ;u;d a worshipper of the only true God.' The Prefect said to Ju.:i!i, '' Listen, thou who art accounted an orator, a-id supposest thyself skilled in true doctrine : if 1 should have thee scourged and beheaded, what is thy belief ? that thou wouldst ascend into heaven.' Justin said, ' I do trust that if I e;idure these things, I shall receive reward from Him, for I know that for them who have so lived, there remainoth the divine gift, till the times of the consummation of all tilings.' The Prefect Rustic us said again, ' Dost thou imagine that thou shalt go up into heaven, and there receive a recompense ?' Justin answered, 'I imagine il not,- for I know and am entirely pursuaded that I shall.' Rusticus said, ' It remains, then, that we conic to the matter in hand which pressoth us. Come, therefore, all of you together, and with one mind, do sacrifice to the gods.'' Justin answered, ' No man of right judgment falleth from religion to irreligion.' Rusticus answered, 'If ye will not obey me ye shall bo tortured without mercy.' Justin replied, ' 'V\ e ask in prayer that we may be tortured for the Name of our Lord Jesus Christ and be saved : for this shall be our salvation and our confidence at that more terrible Tribunal whereat all the world must appear, of our King and .Saviour.' In like manner said the other martyrs also,, ' Do what thou wilt, for we are Christians, and do not sacrifice to idols.' Then the Prefect Rusticus gave sentence, saying, ' Let such as refuse to do sacrifice to the gods, and to obey the decree of the Emperor, be scourged, and then led away to capital punish ment, in pursuance of the laws.' So the holy martyrs, giving glory to God, were led forth to the accustomed place, and were beheaded, giving full completion to their testimony by the con fession of the Saviour. And certain of the faith ful, when they had secretly taken up their bodies, deposited them in a meet place, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ working with them, to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen. We might go on narrating endless examples of what sort of heroism is produced in every age by the influence of that polity established' by our Saviour. Not merely examples of self -in f fiction and of fortitude under supreme trial, but ex amples of intellectual illumination, and of super natural and prolific; charity towards the suffering, the fallen, and the destitute. Such names as those of St. Gregory of Nyssa, and St. Gregory of Nazianzus, of St. Athanasius and St. Clirysostom in the east, and of St. Augustine, St. Jerome, Rnfinus and Cassian in tlio west-, -wc in. themselves n i c relation of intellect ual light . And the goodly line is never failing. From St. Bernard and St. Anselm, to the great teachers of the middle age, to St. Thomas and Bonaventure, down to that thick galaxy of doctors which sprung up to meet the perils of the sixteenth century, we find the same fact displaying itself, great names created to meet great emergencies, and all, however different in individual character, finding a oneness in the ruling maxims and fundamental principle of the Catholic Church. Then, running parallel with such men as these we meet the great founders of wide-spread Institutes, which bear about them an especial tiroma of Christ, and display His life and teaching as a distinct profession in the face of the world. St. Basil, St. Benedict, St. Dominic, St. Francis, St. Ignatius, these men are as great centres of sweetness and light, of love and sacri fice, round winch tons of thousands concentrated and burnt oui; tlwir Htcs iu the esclv.ejye sorrice : and imitation of Jumis. The ,lUl might bu mul tiplied indefinitely and brought down to our' own day. St. Camillus and St. Aliihoi.sii!-, St. - Yin cent and St.- Paul of the Ci-ossj and even b'uch men us the poor, lay-brulher, the illuminated St. Felix of Cantalieius, all tell the same tale, all sing the mmo song, all point with straight firigor to one goal ; and arc all animate'1, and elevated by one self same spirit- ouor^uing in the one holy Roman Catholic a.nc! AjuatuLu- Church. ' Now, ' there ' remains 'but to ask otic simple question'. Do not the lives and works of those men and -women to whom reference has 'been made, directly reflect upon the Church, whose children they were? Does, not the world, the great mass of thinking men measure her by the' standard at which her children aim and at which her heroes arrive ? If she still exerts her charmed sway, if still there is no moral power in the Avorld_ approaching hers, is il not because by her fruits she is known? because, she is (he Mother, the joyful mother of children, who if they are true' to her bear about with them that high courage, that unsullied purity, that contempt of vanity, .that divine child-like freedom which belongs as by a right to the liberated sons of God? Blot ?out her saints, destroy the M art\ rology, expunge the lives of those who have testified to her doctriue and her morality by their actions, and where is she ? She may bo nil you wish, but the argument which appeals to the niasio-sof mankind is gone : her power has failed ; her grasp is paraly/od, and her charmed hold over the minds and imaginations of the masses of mankind is succeeded by a languor and indifference which .speedily degenerates into, contempt. Not only do men save their own souls by following the maxims of the Church, but they save the souls of others ; they increase in their measure the moral force of. Christianity, they inteiiMJU tne argument tor me unuren s jjivinny, the\ c.iuso her to be looked up to and to be loved, admired and revered, and finally adopted, as the true mother of the Sons of God. Who can call it a small work to do her this .service,: a-ud con ciliate to her the hearts and intellects- of men ? Who can look upon it. as other tliah-u noble, a glorious oflicc to vindicate her name, enhanccher honour, multiply her fame, and ?develope*. especially in these days, her power, by becoming : filled with her spirit, and by learning a lesson from those who have gone before? v. ' . . ? . ;?; Such being the undeniuble fact with iwnrd to the servants of God's Church and the work which their illumination and their energy have done for her, it remains for us to ask ourselves in what relationship do we who are now living stand to such as these :' Are we to look upon them as the | multitude in a city look upon the pageant of a passing king — as something to admire and wonder at, but not to intimate ? Arc these men and women saints of God, simply beautiful .shows, startling revelations as out of another world, of beings gifted with powers and faculties not be stowed on earth ? Not so. We are of their flesh and blood, they are our companions, our brothers and sisters, friends of our own household, our close and near associates, who love us and are ready to assist us at every turn, if only we will ask t hem. We are children of the .same Father ; the Spirit given to them inhabits us : the purifying, .sweet ening, and spiritualizing blood of Christ was poured out hoi with Hie- life for us as much as for the greatest of them. We are citizens of the same Church Empire, which is not walled-ofi' from heaven, but which pierces the clouds, and embraces the vast army around the Eternal Throne, whilst it fathoms down into the penal fires which are purging our brethren, whose eyes are waiting for the beatific light. Whilst they are either rejoicing in the Kingdom of their Father, or are being fitted for their crowns, we ?'are still on our trial, going through our ordeal, as: they had to go through theirs, and biding our \fom\'j fearf ully ??' and- tremblingly, till the hour comes when our destiny is to be settled onco for all. And as we belong to the same Spiritual Empire with tliem,';^o-:W\arp'.'-.f6i%nied in mind aud heart on the same principles and maxims ; the same seeds of heroism, of supernatural life, of love of faith, of sacrifice, are sowii in our souls, a3 were sown with such immense effect in theirs. We are one with them through the most intimate bond that could be conceived, and are united by an interpenctration of the Spirit which harmon izes all discords, and creates a likeness in what appears at first sight to be most opposite. That intrinsic tie oneness and brotherhood is nothing less than the in-dwelling of God Himself. ' I will make a eonvenant of peace with them ; and I will establish them and will multiply them, and will set my sanctuary in the midst of them, for ever.' (Ezechiel xxxvii. 26.) We arc cheered on by a like hope with those who preceded us. We know ourselves to be made for an imperishable home ; that ' re ceiving an immoveable kingdom we have grace,' (Heb. xii. 28) and that by grace we can do all tilings. Wo look up as did they in their day, from the turmoil of earth to the calm glowing heavens, 'to Mount Zion and the city of the living God, and the heavenly Jerusalem, and to the company of many thousands of angel? ? ? ? andto_tho spirits 'of the just made perfect, and to Jesus the Mediator of the Now Testament,' (Hob. xii 22,, 23, 24.) and in this vision we recognize our fellowship with the highest and holiest beings, and claim our share of the unspeakable riches of Christ,. -Indeed, we know it, our true 'citizen- ship is in 'Heaven ; ' ' the Lord will be our ever lasting light ; ' ' the Jerusalem that is above ' is our . permanent city, for here we are but 'pilgrims and strangers on the earth.' The more we think aud meditate on what we are, and on our future destiny, so much the more, thank God ! arc wo thrown into the company of the ' souls of the just made perfect; ; ' so much the more fragile do we feel the bonds of mere flesh and bloocl to be : so much the more powerfully are we attracted to ta!;o up our portion with 'the powoni of the world to come,' and to make comparative .liaht of tW» that so quickly perish. Those who ' have tasted the heavenly gift,' and 'have been 'made partakers of the Holy Ghost,' and ' have, moreover, tasted the good Word of God,' knoAV how tv discern their abiding inter ests, and to appreciate the ^alue of an imperiali- ? able reward. And more than this; we arc --no with oui' brethren through the heirship of Oliviat, and through the act Kin oi His Holy Spirit operating: in the Church. As they become ''the temples of the Holy Gho^t ' mi must we : if the Indwelling? Spirit ih to ijuickcn their mortal bodies, so wilt He quicken oui -. .As they have been washed and bantificd and justified in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the Spirit of God (1. Cor. vi. 11) so must we be. Their bodies were tho members of Christ (Ibid., vi. .15) ho arc our.1?. ' Know you not that your members it re the ieni ple of the Holy Glio&t;, who is in you, whom you havo from God, and you arc not your own?' (Ibid., vi., 19,) is said not more tofheni than to us — equally to both. Wo have been, each without exception, ' bought with a great- price.'1 We are not our own any longer. We are Christ's. 'Wo are members of His body, of His flesh, and of His bones ' (Ephes., v. 30) as are those who fol lowed His cross and lived upon His example. W. pariulec of His saving powers and gifts together. For 'God (who is rich in mercy) for His exceed ing charity wherewith He loved us, even when we wore dead in sins, hath quickened us together in Christ, (by whose grace avo arc saved) and hath raised up together, and hath made im sit together in the heavenly places through Jesus Christ.' (Ephes. ii., 4, 5, 6.) Thus we arc intimate companions with all those who have especially belonged to our Saviour. We who arc to -it. together iu heavenly pluces for an eternity suroly. sliouM not be strangers here below. St. Paul felt most intensely the necessity of thus com panionship ; ho prayed oil: lus bended knees thai those he loved might have light to comprehend their position and their 'privileges ; and that they might be filled with tlic spirit of God's chosen servants. 'I bow my knees,' he says, 'to the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, . . . that Ho would grant you, according to the riches oLr His glory,'- to. be 'Strengthened by His Spirit with might unto tho inward man ; that Christ may dwell by faith in your lien rts ; that being rooted and founded in charity, you may be able to compre hend with- all the Saints what is the breadth and length and height and depth. To know the charity of Christ which surpasseth all knowledge; that you maybe filled unto nil the fulness of God. (Ephes. iii., -14, 16, 17, 18, 19.) Thus, then, we arc more intimately associated with the servants of God who are gone boforo us than we are with our own brothers and sisters. The bond is not made of the 'cords of Adam ' but of the power of God. In all that is most supreme in our eternal interests we have a very special brotherhood with the Saints. Tho same spirit prevades us, the same blood redeemed us the same price was paid for us ; we walk the same road ; we sustain the same trials; we are oppressed by the same fierce passions and temp tations ; wo have the same Faith and Hope ; and our love is fixed upon the one self-same all absorbing object : whilst we are looking forward — they to seeii g us we to seeing them — to rejoice in each other's company for ever more. Even now they c;iu as it were see us, and hear us, ilnd pray for us, and be kind to us. and pour solace and courage into our hearts when we are somel iines fainting by the way. Such, then, is our brotherhood and closo companionship with those who havo expanded and invigorated tho moral energy of the Church in its dealings with the. world. VI. Now, it' we arc in reality one with those who have done their share in elevating nnd .strengthen ing the Church's power in their day, does it not follow that wo have a similar responsibility to answer for? Their livos were what they were not by accident. They had a clear and distinct objccL .'to pursue. They counted the co.-;ts; they acted with their eyes open ; and then steadily pressed on from the beginning to the end, till their patience and fortitude were crowned by the gift of final prcseverance. We. see what they have achieved. We can number their sufferings and ponder over their livos, and then look on them iu their everlasting rest, and count what they have gained, and how they have gained it. Their light shines brightly, even that of those who have been called away thousands of years ago. Noe and Abraham aud the great men of the old Jewish Church, they still throw a broad planet like halo over the field of history ; and point to that other world in which, even when here on earth, they principally lived. Are we to be born and to die, and never, till too late, to realize our aerious obligations? Are we so near the Saints, and yet determined to live far off ? Can we approach thorn, aud realize their lives aud our own condition — ana tnen ao notmng r Scarcely. We feel, each man feels within his heart a sense of higher things than carnal things.' We are created t;o live for over. We know it. We havo n work to do before we die. We are surrounded by a world of spirits into which shortly wo shall lapse. Let us do something worthy boforo wo are called away. Wo cannot choose but wo must fulfil our de&tinA;— we must save our souls, or wo shall bo lost eternally. We owe a special duty to the Mother who bore us ; to that) great aud living polity to which avc belong. Each man and woman has an especial place in life, a special mission to fulfil ; a certain circle which can be influenced. The systom to which avo belong is judged by our live;, our maxims, our conduct. Whether we will or will not, avo tiro continually exerting our influence on others for good or bad. We cannot help ourselves in this. And our religion is in great measure judged of by our practice of it. It is our bounden duty before God to defend His Church and to advance her cause. We must love her Avith tenderness, and with a jealousy Avhioh avi'U instinctively rise up in her defence Avhen sho is dishonoured. We cannot love Christ and be cold in regard to His Church. In loAring our Head, wo love the kingdom of God upon Earth-; Tor 'Christ « tho head of ths Church. He is tho Saviour of His body.' So , tenderly indeed and intensely doss our Lord love the Church, that .St. Paul compares His love for it to that strongest of affections, that of a husband for his wife. ' Christ also loved the Church and delivered Himself up for it, that He might sanctify it, cleansing it by tho laver of water in the word of life ; that He might present it to Himself a glorious Church nob having spot or wrinkle, or any such thing, but that it should be holy and wilhout blemish.' (Ephes v., 25, 26, 27.) If wo do not care for, ur feel indifferent towards that which Christ so loved as to 'deliver tup Himself for it,' we may regard ourselves as being in a bad way and in a dangerous state. It is oar duty, in our measure, 'to deliver ourselves up ' also for the Church. ' No spot or wrinkle ' should be attributed to her through our ill living. We should, by our liven, prove to the world, which judges tilings by appearances, that she is ' holy and without blemish.' We should be ? sensible of all our Lord has gone through for the Church's sake, of all the blood spilt in her founda tion, of all the sufferings endured in her defence, of all the love poured out from the noblest hearts in the most heroic nets to prevent her sustaining loss. We should remember that we are her votaries and her soldiers ; that h.v cause is Christ's dearest', cause, for which He suffered and died : and that her work is His work ; and that where she succeeds He succeeds, where she fails Hii? glory is retarded and souls are lost. She is the great instrument for work ing permanent good on earth. What sight is to the blind, what food is to the hungry, what rescue is to the captive, what recovery is to tho dying, that is she, and a thousand times more, to all who are in any distress and apply to her for succour. Not one amongst the millions of the saints but loved and served her with all jealousy ; none who would not freely have died a thousand deaths to advance her interests ; not one who did not feel himself honoured above measuro in calling himself her servant and in obeying her voice; none who did not experience a deeper satisfaction in being reviled, persecuted, buffeted, put to death in her cause, in maintain ing her doctrines, and defending her good name, than in rc-eiving the adulation of the great and the favour of the rich ones of this world. Dearly beloved, if you would follow theso leaders of Catholic; thought in their reward, you must follow them in their labours. You must love the Church as Christ loved it. And to love means to bo one with, to be loyal to, to believe in, to promote the interests of that which is loved. You must be one with the Church, scnli-'e ctnn JScclc- sia. Grasp her teaching in all its fulness, and assimilate her mind and adopt her policy. Open your intellect to her teaching ; drink in what she teaches with gladness and do.;lility. Think as sho thinks, for she thinks aright : lojk upon life and its maxims with her eyes ; mould your mind to her mind : and you will reproduce her spirit and assist in propagating her powor. Be loyal to the Church. As soldiers fight under their Sovereign's standard and are on their Sovereign's side, so should you be on her side always and ever. In every encounter stand by her with drawn sword ; in every danger lead the van ; let men know that you have no pride so strong upon you as the pride .you feel when you are maintaining her en use in the face of great; odds, or are likely to suffer from the world because she is teaching and insisting on true if unpalatable doctrine. To be on her side is to be on Christ's side, on the side of the Holy Spirit, and of all the Saints and Angels of God. Believe in the Church. That is, impress upon your minds this conviction, that she is worth being loyal to. In enlisting in her service you are not serving a queen who may be good or bad, and who will surely die ; but a Queen who is ' holy and blameless,' and whose attribute is that of immortality, and whose victory is certain, and 'whose cause is just. -No higher or purer or nobler cause could be imagined than hers, for it is the cause of truth and of God Himself. To be her champion is to defend the most unblemished creation of the Almighty Hand. To die in her service is to win everlasting life. Promote the interests of the Church. Find out what those interests are specially where you are living. Find out what interests of hers there . are that you yourself can serve. Remember that whoever you are, and Avherever you arc, you should before everything else strive to serve her fey the honesty and purity of your own life and by your public virtues. Fashion yourself so that you may be a living exponent of her principles. Never bring shame upon her. Ever remember that you are entrusted with a great responsibility in being a Catholic ; and that your conduct and dealings with your fellow-men will be taken by them as betraying her teaching and exhibiting her spirit. Besides this, seek to advance her cause in other ways. Love, if you have it in you, will be rich in suggestions on this score. If your heart be honestly set upon her with a genuine . affection, no one need think for you how to mul tiply her influence and to increase her power. This is what the Saints did : they all, in pro portion to their sanctity, loved the Church ; and on every occasion, displayed their oneness with her in heart and mind : their loyalty to her in every peril ; their profound belief in her by their -.generous service ; and their anxiety for the pro motion of her interests by every action of their public and their private lives. What they did, '?we, in our measure, hare to do. VII. 1\. Such then being our duty, how can we most '?practically and effectually carry it into execution ? Our Holy Fathor, Pope Leo XIIL, gives us a rule and guide in his Encyclical letter. Ho points out to us tho fundamental principle which should rule our lives in relation to the Church, a principle which is of so great, a mastery that it contains 'within itself tho whole power of our duty, and will lead us, if we make ourselves ono with it, along the road of truo loyalty and genuine attachment. To tho rivjoction of this prineiplo ho ascribes in great measure 'tho and spoctacl*?. which presents itself to him of the evil by which the human race is everywhere oppressed ' at present and 'the widespread subversion of those primary truths upon which as upon foun dations the whole structure of society is sup ported.' It is because large masses of men, and mon in governing positiono, 'contemn and reject the holy authority of the Church,' that these cvilo have grown to such proportions : and hence tho main moans for recalling the world to its duty is by assorting and maintaining the opposite principle— -by venerating with the intellect and embracing generously with the will that same 'holy and venerable authority ' which has, after centuries of beneficence and mighty workings, proved its claim to man's gratitude and trust. ' Would that this salutary authority,' exclaims the Holy Fathor, ' had never been neglected or repudiated! Then would the civil power not have lost that august and sacred honour which religion impressed upon it, and which alone made the condition of obedience dignified and noble ; nor would so many seditions and wars have been kindled, which have saddened the world with calamities and slaughter ; nor would once flourishing kingdoms, cut down from the summit of prosperity, be crushed under the weight of woes of every description. The Oriental nations, which have broken the sweet bonds which joined them to this Apostolic See, and have lost the splendour of their former greatnesa, the glory of the arts and sciences, and the fame of their empire, afford an example of what we have said.' 2\. Such being the ruling principle on which we should form our minds, how does the Pontiff propose to encourage its activity and increase its force within us ? He lays down a second prin ciple of life. And he instructs the bishops of the world, in words of profoundest wisdom, how they arc to foster this great principle in the Christain world. He makes an ' especially affectionate appeal ' to them, and ' warmly exhorts them to inflame the hearts of those entrusted to their care with the lovs of religion.' And why ? Because from this deep root springs up the tree of life. Because he who loves religion, and has his heart inflamed with that love, will embrace with a large affection, and obey with a swift readiness, her august representative — -the Catholic Church. He who is thus inflamed hears the voice of God in the teaching of legitimate authority, and obey? and submits to such authority, as to a ruling power | that brings with restraint, freedom, and with j obedience, light. The Holy Father himself tells : us in his own clear language what will be the issue of that increased love of religion. It will attach men all the ' more closely and intimately to the seat of truth and justice ;' it will lead them to ' receive all its doctrines with tho deep est submission of spirit and will,' and to 'abso- lutely reject all opinions, even the most wide spread, which may be opposed to the teaching of the Church.' 3\. The Pope next points out to us in detail two main points to be aimed at in order to ' inflame hearts with the love of religion,' so that men may cling to, and strongly embrace the ' author ity of the Church.' The first is to aim at the very root of (spiritual growth — to Christianize t he family. As the Church saves men ono by one, and begins at their birth and only ends with their death ; so the Pontiff would have us begin at the beginning. Let men and women learn the value and efficacy of the Sacrament of Marriage ; let their union be blessed by the Blessed Trinity, by Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. ; let the parties before they are bound by the indissoluble tie purify their hearts by a general confession, and receive Jesus Christ in the Holy Sacrament, and offer to Him their fealty. Let them remember that never in their lives did they so much need His blessing and His loving kindness ; and that their future happiness and peace will depend upon their remembering the House of Nazareth, and imitating, as far as they were able, the example of Jesus and Mary and Joseph. Thus the light of God's countenance will shine upon their home ; and they will look upon the Church as a mother, to whom under God they owed the spring of their happiness and tho sweetness of their joy. Man and woman thus joined will in their mutual love inflame each other's hearts with a love for religion, and will be as centres of defence, and loyal staunch supports of the Church when she has need of their assistance. 4\. And as the parents arc so will be their children. The Holy Father wishes us to use much energy in instilling into the hearts of children at an early age the teachings of religion. He desires the Catholic Curriculum in its science and its dis cipline to be in completest harmony with the Catholic faith. He wishes the impressionable heart and the expanding mind to be turned in the right direction from the very first, and to be gradually trained and led along, till they develop all their powers and energies under the directive influence of the doctrines and desciplines of the Church. Having thus begun the education of youth ' in the very interior of the family,' having led them along undor a system thoroughly har monizing with Christian teaching : having prepared the mind thus for the higher ranges of thought, our Holy Father lays down a most im portant principle for the training of young men— a, principle intimately connected with that love of religion which produces a keen sense of submission to the legitimate authority. The Pope says that especial care should be taken in disciplining the minds of young men in sound and orthodox philosophy. ' Upon it,' ho says most profoundly, ' the direction of other sciences in a, great measure doponds.' And he points it out as being a most useful instrument for paving the way to super natural roligion, and as a most formidable weapon against those who assail tho Church. ' Philoso phy, far from tending to destroy tho divine revelation, is likely rather to omooth the way for it, and to defend it against its enemies, as has been taught us in the examplo and tho writings of tho great Augustine is-nd other doctors of Christian Science.' VIII. We hare now, dearly beloved, fulfilled to the best of our ability the task imposed upon us by the Holy Father. We have pointed out to you the niiin bearing of his first Encyclical letter; we have indicated to you his policy, viz., to expand and djvolop tits moral pjwer and prestige of the Catholic Church, as the most telling instrument against the -world and the most effec tual moans of saving souls. We have, moreover, suggested four tilings : first, that the influence of the Church over mankind depends most materially upon the lives and labouro and personal character of her chil dren ; and that all great Christians, in so far as they wore great, have advanced her interests and developed her power; secondly, that we, living in this nineteenth century, ave intimately con nected with those great men of the past, that we are bound to them more intimately than to our own blood relations ; thirdly, that being so identi fied with them, we are under a strict obligation to imitate their main tendency, to do our share for the Church, to illustrate her maxims and doc trines by our lives, and to offer her our ungrudging service ; fourthly, we have shown how this can be done in a practical way ac cording to the teaching of tho Holy Father's Encyclical. First, by embracing and identifying ouraelves with one main principle that of' ready obedience to the Church's authority, and this alone can be brought about effectually amongst the vast masses of the people by adopt ing the systematic method suggested by the Pope : first, by inflaming the 1 i carts of all with a love of religion ; then by sanctifying and Chris tianizing the family ; and, finally, by a course of thorough Catholic education, and such a training in the higher ranges of thought, in philosophy, m will bring the heart to feel, and the head to see, that of a very truth the great spiritual Empire of Christ is' the one Divine system given to the world to teach rulers how to rule with love and justice and mercy ; how the ruled are to obey with readiness and sweetness ; how society is to preserve pui'ity and honesty and industry ; how the family is to be a reflection of the house of Naza reth ; and how each man, woman, and child, is to join on to God and make Christ and His love the one mainstay of their worldly pilgrimage. If such a conviction as this can bo deeply set and made to grow in the minds and hearts of the rising generation, and can be fostered in our own. then, indeed, the moral power of the Church will at once visibly develop in efficacy, and her influence for good will increase throughout the world. Let us one and all fervently pray that the words of our Holy Father may produce such results as these. Let us, as he requests us, pray in an especial manner before the Throne of God for such an issue ; let us beseech the Immaculate Queen of Heaven to turn her eyes of mercy on us ; let us beg the gre.it St. Joseph, through his love for the Holy Child, to be our powerful advocator ; let us implore the holy Apostles, Peter and Paul, the great pillars of the temple, to cany on the work which they so gloriously began, and to be at our side at all times, assisting us and strengthening us in our high and responsible vocation of contending earnestly for the faith onc-ts delivered to the 3aints. And, finally let us pray fervently to our great leader, Leo XCIT. Miy the Lord preserve him and give him life, and make him blessed upon earth, and deliver him not to the will of his enemies. Let us pray, too, for the Holy Roman Church, the Mother and Mistress of all the Churches, that our Lord may temper her trials to her, and ward oft the onslaughts of her enemies. To her we owe our faith, our love. To her we turn as to a voice heard for many ages speaking the one unadulterated truth, and dealing out to the world a Divine Morality. ' O how happy is that Church,' we can exclaim witli Tertulian, ' where the Apostles poured forth their whole doctrine together with their blood ; where Peter is likened in suffering to our Lord ; where Peter is crowned with an end like the Baptist's ; how the Apostle John, having been plunged in heated oil and suffered nothing, was banished to his Island. Let us see what this Church has learned and what she has taught. Sho knows One God, the Creator of the Universe, and Jesus Christ of the Virgin Mary, the Son of the Creator, and the resurrection of the flesh ; she unites the Law and tho Prophets with the Evangelical and Apostolical writings and thence brings her faith. This she signs with water, clothes with the Holy Spirit, feeds with the Eucharist, encourages by martyrdom, and, therefore, will acknowledge no ono who opposes it.' Tims living, and loving all high and beautiful things, and making ourselves one with the powers of the world to come, we shall learn day by day more and more, how large a light of knowledge springs from an humble discipleship under tho illuminated teaching of the Catholic and Roman Church ; how the will is fortified, how the heart is purified, how tho entire man is equipped for defending her cause and spreading abroad her fame in proportion as he becomes one with her and is animated by her spirit. If one general movement were made throughout Christendom, an earnest movement in this direction, words could not describe the change that would be wrought.. Let us, dearly beloved, do our share, lot us one and all, pastors and people, take courage ; leaving others to do their duty, let us look to ours. ' Strengthen ye the feeblo hands and confirm the weak knees. Say to tho faint-hearted : Tako courage and fear not ; behold your God will bring the revenge of recompense : God Himself will come and save you. Then shall tho eyes of the btind be opened, and the cars of tho doaf shall be unstopped. Then shall a lame man leap as a hart, and the tongue of the dumb shall be free ; for waters arc broken out in the desert, and streams in the wil derness. . . And the redeemed of the Lord shall return and shall come into Sion with praise, and everlasting joy shall be upon their heads ; they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and mourning shall flop away.' (Isaias, o, xxxv. 3, 4, 5, 6, 10.) ' 'May the God of peace, who brought again from the dead the Great Pastor of the Sheep, our Lord Jesus Christ, in the blood of the everlasting Testament fit you in all goodness that you may do His will, doing in you that which is woll pleasing in His sight, through Jesus Christ, to whom is glory for ever and ever. Amen.' (Heb. xiii. 20, 21.) ' Given at Sydney, and appointed to be read in all churches and chapels of the Dioceses of Sydney and Armidale, on Sunday, tho fourth' day of August, 1878. t Roger Bede, Archbishop of Sydney, and Administra tor Apostolic of Armidale. 