GENERAL NEWS. Messrs. J. Stilling & Co. have received rtlie following telegram:—" The,; s;.s. ;Cuzco ^arrived in London;on 1st September. The s.s.: Chimborazo sailed on 2nd September, with 396 ,> passengers, and 216 tons of cargo for"Adelaide, 700 tons'for Melbourne,. and 700 tons for Sydney." . , Mr. A. Palmer, J.P., has been requested to allow himself to be nominated as Mayor of Clare for next year. A good deal of sickness is prevalent among children in Kapunda just now, and in some cases fatal results have followed with extreme rapidity. A man named Henry_Ro\ve was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Friday, September 6\. suffering from a broken leg, caused through, being knocked, down, by a runaway horse near Hurtle-square. ' The Kapundd Herald is' " informed that some of the rails on the North-West Bend line have already shown signs of breaking up—in deed, on Wednesday morning one completely broke whilst the engine was going over it." A meeting to protest , against the repeal of Nock's Act, and to secure the return of can didates favorable to it, was held , in the' Con gregational Schoolroom, Hindmarsh, on .Friday evening, September 6. There was a fair atten dance, and the Mayor (Mr. J. Mitton), was in the chair. The principal speakers were the Bevs. ^ - Hunter .and T. McNeil There was a large. attendance at the Cookery Classes on Friday,.September 6, be tween 30 and 40 pupils being present in the morning and about 30 in the afternoon. Great interest, was taken in the lesson, which was on pancakes,omelettes, fondue,ramakins,and cheese straws, &c.; From the prices quoted for wheat it will have been evident that a portion of the London commercial telegram published in yesterday's 'Express was accidentally misread. It should have run" The wheat market is quiet, and the foreign arrivals are very large.—The heavy and continuous rains have damaged the wheat crop in the North of England." At the present time the only war vessels on the Australian station, exclusive of the cruising schooners, are • (says the Melbourne Argusyfhe Wolverine, Sapphire, and Sappho, mounting in all 35 guns. When the squadron is augmented by the presence of the Emerald, Danae, and Cormorant, the six vessels will carry an aggregate of 65 guns. The Sappho has been longest on the station, having been com- j missioned in August, 1874. The Sapphire was commissioned a year later, and the Wolverine in August, 1876. I A man, whose name is unknown, was found dead in Messrs. Wright & Wells's brick kiln, Hindmarsh, on Friday, September 6. The following description is supplied by the police:— " The decased is about 25 years of age; height, 5 feet 6 or 7 inches, medium build, brown hair, beard and moustache light brown, shaved on the _ cheeks, grey- eyes, fair complexion, dressed in short black cloth jacket with velvet collar, grey tweed waistcoat, white moleskin -trousers, black worsted cap, heavy-laced boots, nearly new, blue ring mark on middle finger of left hand." A meeting of the Committee connected with the " Pioneer" Eight Honrs' Demonstration on Torrens Island on September 2, met at the the Duke of Wellington Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening, September 6. There was a large, attendance, and Mr. Webster presided. The prizes were handed over to the successful competitors, and a number of accounts settled.' i The. gathering on Torrens Island, considering the many counter-attractions on that day, was considered a great success. It is expected that after paying, all expenses there will be a good balance in hand. On Monday, September 2, a 'public meeting was held at Mintaro to protest against _ the repeal of-' Nock's Act. There was agood'at- ! tendance. The Bev. .0. T. Newman presided. Mr. H. Jolly moved—'' That; in the opinion of this , meeting the operation of Nock's Act has been attended with beneficial results, and it regards the. efforts, made-for its repeal as un justifiable.'' ' Mr. James Brown seconded the ' motion, which was carried unanimously, Messrs. Jolly, McLeish, and . Lloyd were appointed a Committee to canvass the district for signatures to memorials to be presented to both 'Houses of Parliament against Mortlock's Amending Bill.. About 1 o'clock on Friday afternoon, September 6,. two boys- were: detected placing pieces .of slag on the line of railway in St. Yin centrstreet, JPort Adelaide, to the. great danger of capsizing the Adelaide and Semaphore train. The juveniles, whose names are Julius Ferrer . and Alexander Crabie, were taken into custody. The Government have recently raised the line •of rails along this street, and in doing so dis turbed the road -metal- in the centre of. the thoroughfare. A great deal of this material consists of lumps of; slag, which, instead of being broken small and afterwards blinded as it should be, has been left loose on the street .to be kicked about the rails by horses'hoofs or ■ knocked hither and thither, by the wheels of : passing vehicles. . A meeting, at which there ■were about 70 persons present, was held at the Morialta Schoolroom, Norton's Summit, on Friday even ing, September 6, to consider the advisableness? of requesting the Government to make a trial survey of a route for the proposed hills railway" via Norton's Summit. .The chair was occupied by Mr. S. Y. Pizey, who furnished.particulars as to an inspection. of a route which", had been made. He stated that the line was picked up at Magill with.a gradient , of 1 in 66, then to Norton s Summit at 1 in 45, and to Nairne at from 1 in 50 to 1 in 70. A resolution asking the Government to consider the advisableness of making a trial survey for a route via Nor ton's Summit was carried Unanimously. It was decided that a deputation should wait on the Commissioner of Public Works to lay the case before him, and a Committee was appointed to obtain the oo:operation of the people in the snrroundmg districts. . . •A-,so horrible as to be almost incredible was published in the Holart Town . Metcwry of' August *29. It is said that tlie bodies of two patients who-had died in the' Hobart Town Hospital had disappeared after having been dissevered, and the.pieces .placed in tubs like so much.butcher meat; that five or six bodies of patients dying in the Hospital lie piled above each other' in one graved and that some of the bodies were placed in coffins"without a stitch of grave clothes or 'othe^ covering on them, and that the burial is that of dogs A • special meeting of the Hospital Board was held; to investigate the rumour. Certain facts had come to . the _ knowledge- of the Govern ment which- induced the Colonial Secre tary to - instruct , C. D. C. Quodlin* to make enquiries as to the hurial of two men who had died in the Hospital, and the result was of such a nature that the Board were then addressed : with a request that the allegations made by that officer, shonld receive "immediate and searching" enquiry. Mr. Quodling's report was read to the meeting, but was withheld from publication until after the report of the Com mittee appointed to make the enquiry has bean brought up; The purport of the document is, . however, that one of the men. referred" to -was not buried without mutilation, and no trace Gould be found of the remains of the other where he was supposed to have been buried. It was added that a woman was found- in one of the graves which was opened, coffined in a per fectly nude state. Respecting the sale of shorthorns by Mr. j. H. Parr, on Friday next, the following particulars are from the Melbourne Argus of August 28:—"Mr. ,Joel Horwood. of.Bridge- - water Park, has received information from Messrs. B. D. Morehead & Co.," of Brisbane, that they have disposed of three yearling shorthorns sent by Mr. Horwood to the National Agricul tural Society's Show at Brisbane. The animals sold are,Wild Eyes "Duke, by Duke of Mel bourne, who took first prize in his class at Deniliquinrand] Brisbane; Third-' Brincessrof Bridgewatpr, .by. Cherry. Oxford 2nd, vrho also took first prize in .her class, at Deniliquin and . Brisbane ; and Musical 5t;h, by Duke of Mel bourne . from a daughter of the imported Musical. The three yearlings realised 650 -guineas. The price is considered a very good \- 'one, as owing, to the. severe drought-in Queans land the market forhigb-elasa stock is very depressed." "V^ild Eyes Duke is full. brother: to the two Wild Eyes Duchesses purchased by Mr. J. Hope, Clare, at 25S5;and 215 guineas in 1876 and 1877 respectively. Third Princess of Bridge- water is half sister to Second Princess of Bridgewater, exhibited and a prize-taker in Adelaide in 1877; she was then-submitted for sale, and 250 guineas offered ; after her return to Victoria her reserve, 300 guineaji,-was offered' for her and declined^ Second Princess of Bridge water-has how a very handsome calf- at foot by Cherry Oxford 2nd. The last of the animals mentioned as having been sold, in Brisbane— Musical 5th—is full sister to Bugleman, pur- chased at the annual sale of the Bridgewater Park Stock in 1876 by Mr. B. Rounsevell, and the latter animal taking first prize in aged bull class at the Royal Agricultural Socity's Exhibi- tion, 1877. The steamer Governor Musgrave re turned to Port Adelaide on Thursday evening, September .5, after an eight days'cruise, which was occupied in visiting the outports inSpencer's: Gulf. She left Port Adelaide on the. night of Wednesday, August 28. with Captain R. H. ' Ferguson, S.M., President of the Marine Board. ~ Her first place of call . was the Tipara Light house, where storeB were landed and the building " and lighting apparatus inspected. Port Plrie was next visited, and the progress of the deep ening operations at that port claimed the atten tion of the President. A start was then made for Port Augusta, and it was found on entering the Narrows that the shoals were increasing, showing that deepening operations would soon have to be undertaken at that part of the coast. The Musgrave, which was drawing only 11 feet of water, stuck for about half an hour on one of these lumps of sand, although the chart gave the'depth of water at the spot, as 18 feet. The buoys at Port Augusta having claimed the attention of those on board the vessel- proceeded to the Eastern Shoal Lightship, which was. sup plied with water and coals. Lipson's Cove was next visited, and a site selected there for a jetty. The next port of call was Arnold Bay, which was visited with a view to ascertain the necessity of moorings being laid there for the accommodation of shipping. Port Broughton was then proceeded to, and it was found that it would be necessary to remove the buoys and beacons from the present channel to a some what better-one that existed. "Wallaroo was afterwards visited,1 and the moorings were overhauled and portions of them renewed. A start was then made for Port Adelaide, which was reached about half-past 7 o'clock on Thurs day night. Fine weather was experienced throughout the whole of the trip. - A gathering of commercial travellers took place at the York Hotel on Friday af ter noon, September 6, for the purpose of presenting to the landlord, Mr. W. Ford, an: address ex pressive of their appreciation of the kindness they had received at his hands when he owned Ford's Hotel, at Clare. The address, which was beautifully illuminated and bound in a hand some morocco case, read as follows E. Ford, Esq., Clare.—Dear Sir—We,the under signed commercial travellers, i who for many years have been in the habit of frequenting your house, cannot allow the present opportunity to pass without presenting you with an address as a slight token of our esteem and regard'. Our acquaintance with you, extending over a period of several . years, has always been characterised by the greatest attention, cordiality, and civility on your part, and the regret we feel at your departure is only softened by the knowledge that your future pursuit is likely to prove still more remunera tive than that which you now relinquish: We cannot conclude without mentioning"Mrs. Ford, who has not only been an able assistant to you in your business, but has also been to all of us on every occasion most kind and, attentive. Wishing you both many years of health, happi ness, and prosperity, we remain, yours very truly—Chas. Warren, Hy. Morgan, Thos. Knight, T. Marshall, Jas. Reed, W. Stockwell, A. A. Hatch, Jas. Bairstow, W. H. Bostock.E. Patfull." There was a good representative attendance at the presentation, though many who would have liked to have been present were unavoidably absent. Mr. Ford received his friends in'one of the parlors of the hotel, where a champagne lunch was set out. Mr. C. Warren, in .pre senting the address, said he believed he had been deputed to fill that pleasant task through his being the oldest traveller on the road. The address was presented to Mr. and Mrs. Ford jointly, as a token of the esteem and regard in which they were held by the commercial tra vellers visiting Clare. They had made their house really and truly a.-home to those who visited it, and especially to commercial travellers, whose wants they had never failed to do all in their power to "supply. (Hear, hear.) 'He trusted that Mr. Ford would be happy and pros perous in the house which he had just taken. Mr. W- Brown, as a representative of the com mercial-travellers of the past, testified to the kindness and consideration they had always re ceived at the hands of Mr. and Mrs. Ford. Mrs. Ford had invariably proved a landlady of the model type, and there-was not a better landlord in the North than Mr. Ford. In saying that he • fully expressed the opinion of all the travellers ontheToad. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Ford, in reply, sincerely thanked them for the testimonial. It was not the address itself he valued, so much as the names attached to it, which he would always remember, and be glad to look back on with pleasure in years to come. He had always taken a great interest in commercial travellers, and had invariably done; the best he could for persons of that class. If it had "not been for the Clare people, coupled with the commercial • travellers, he would never have been in his. pre-1 sent position as proprietor of the York Hotel. With regard to the kind manner in which Mrs. Ford had been spoken of, he was sure she had always taken very great pleasure in looking after their interests. He again returned his most sin cere thanks on behalf of Mrs. Ford and himself for their kindness. (Cheers.) "The toasts of "The Press," "Mr. Reid of the Imperial;"and Mr. W. Brown, were also proposed and re sponded to. There was a very fair attendance at White's Rooms -oa Friday evening to witness the performances of Rainford's Ghost Com pany. . r The Victorian Football Cluh will play their return match, with the Norwood Club at Montefiore Hill this afternoon-. . The eighteenth meeting for sports in con -• hectioh with the Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club is to take place - on the Qval this afternoon. ~ Messrs. Davies & Lewis give their open ing entertainment of mirth,' magic, music, and ventriloquism at White's Rooms this evening. It will he seen by an advertisement .that the Adelaide Punch now appears in an improved form. The latest issue is, in illustrations, letter press, and general get up, a marked advance upon its predecessors. . ~ A Committee meeting of the South Australian Football Association was held at the, Prince Alfred Hotel on Friday evening, Sep tember 6, when it was decided that the "match played last- Saturday between the South Ade laides and Victorians should.be declared a . win. for the former Club. It was arranged that a collection should be. made on the "Victorian ground.this afternoon on behalf of the Adelaide Hospital. A concert was given in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening, by Madame 'Carlotta Tasca, assisted by Mdlle. Rosaly Merz and Mr. Alfred Plumpton. Madame Tasca's brilliant performances on tho pianoforte were warmly applauded; as also were the vocal con tributions by. Mdlle. Rosaly Merz and Mr. Plumpton. The attendance was small. The entertainment was a musical treat, and merited a crowded audience. The annual meeting of the South Park Cricket Club was held at the Prince Albert Hotel, Wright-street, on Wednesday evening,. September 4. The balance-sheet was' read, showing the Club to be out of debt. Mr. J. L. "Sellars was elected Captain; Messrs. H. Tids well, J. Pollard, and J. Hall Committee; and W. J. Jepp Secretary and Treasurer. Twelve new members were eleoted. It was resolved to play .the ,opening match, Married v. Single, on Saturday. : The Mayor's popular concert this evening, September 7, in the Town Hall, will be dis tinguished by the presence of Madame 'Carlotta Tasca, Mdlle. Rosaly Merz, and Mr. Alfred Plumpton. who will be assisted by Mr. G. W. Daniel's Glee Choir. On this, the last appear ance of the Tasca Concert Company in.Adelaide, MadameTasca will play Batiste's grand offertoire in D minor on the organ;and on the;presumption that the lady's skill on this instrument is only excelled by her own playing of the pianoforte a musical treat of the highest order is,in store for the audience. In addition to this specially at tractive feature, Madame Tasca and Mr. Plumpton play a duet (by Plumptpn); for piano forte and harmonium, giving the gems" from ."Faustpianofortesolos will also be performed by Madame- Tasca, and some excellent songs and glees will he rendered by the vocalists! The prices of - admission to the body of 'the hall : , have been fixed to suit all classes and the gallery will be free, 1 