TssE great question of Constitutional Reform that is "looming in the inmme "diate future," as. Mr. BERTvY cxpres sively phrased it at Hamilton last Friday, will be the grand campaign or bhattle-field upon which the liberties of the *people, the rights of succeeding generations, the nmaintenance of man hood suffrage and representative and Responsible Government, and the present prosperity and prospective pro gress of the country will have to be fought out. The immediate and pros pective importance of the former ques: tion to the latter planks of popular rights and national interests is shown by the bold and insolent attempts of the leading men of the law and order liarty, and of the press organs of that party; alternately, to undervalue the importance of that reform, to deny the necessity for it, to misrepresent the basis, or direction it shoidd assume, to dispute the relevancy or relationship of tihe planks specified to the national interests, to advocate the abolition of manhood suffrage and representation of the majority and substitute repro sentation of minorities, and otherwise to raise side-issues with the view of repealing the verdict of the 11th of May, and restoring the class supremacy or regime of the minority-~the wealthy lower orders. It is futile to deny that such is the case, aibd contend that the Conservative party and press have no inimical design upon the suffrage. In a leading article in advocacy of the re presentationof minorities, theotherday, the Dailly elegraph thus commences its argunient. " One lhacc the popula " tion, aid that one the most wealthy " and intelhigent, is to submit to poli "tical extinction under this 'count of "noses doctrin,';'' i.e., manhood suffrage and the existent system of.representa lion of the majority "and ;thus the "flindamental principle of representa " tive Government is to. be destroyed,"; dc.. But the Collins Street press finds its: arguments daily refuted by the Age, and, aware that those argu ments are discredited throughout the country, the leading journal has, re cently published' two letters inr support of those arguments, and has been indulging -in leading article commei taries upon them as though said letters were incontiovertible political gospel. The one letter which? appeared innthe Argus, under the signature of " X is said to be the -production :of Sir JAMiES lATi*ha Ojiet Justice ot New South Wales. He was the determined opponent of Sir CHOA?Rs Cowran, Sir JoHN ROBERTSON, and "Sir. H~nY PAreKES, 'when lme, three latter werm phlain " Mr.'s". and the leaders of the Libemal party in:that colony, "though he acted as a colleague with eacli of them when they bec.anie political rene gades like Sir JAMiES M1CuLLOOH and r. J.-G. FIRANIS.: His O?inion, therefore, is of no miroe weight in .the political scale, thar??thit of the AArgus which, again, is of no mouire veight in that scale 'th'u :'"a dried lambskii;" The otliei letter, sigind, " .,, is said to hiive been written by Judge CarsIAN; , an ',intelligeiit New ZLea "lard ": Coniservtive.i. 'It iight aehsi atce to guage: the political iKeightiof his dieta by sayini"thgath:'ie agsee ith: the opinions of Sir JAiEs AbraRTiN. amid is acceptedby the Argusas'n oracle He thinks the 45th section of our Con t .aiimed, t and that a similar.errors was ?s t`Hoii Ho ofB Commion' Heii o Isaint htaistheVictorian ActIrvas wrong.n? Srohibitiat hCouncil from ameningdi ney bil and the New Zealand one Ielbouxn CO, iin vwas right in conferring that pfower u?pon the senate. A " tack" is denounced as Sa trick, a very paltry trick, justly to ' be resentedl and put dsowi with a "high hand," although it is it tricrl justitied by ,iLLY, ar d one that hns ihb ,'irecdent of -I iacice by Intperial Minisicrs atI the H oaise of Colitimous. ' H. C." then dwells Iul cn a truit;tm " that respoistible Governt ents (so Scalled) in tlhet se olonies, mid respon " siblo Government ill Engllnd, difilir" " in a Iost essential point." in iEng- I land the responsibility consists "in the " liability to iuipeachcaltnt. - Heads are " at stake at h]loue, and hlave ftllen ! before now." Hiad thlat system been inl force here, the bheheading of Sir -JMliis It'CU?LOCIs and some of his confederates might have operated as a caution to thei rump of his party who are now conspiring to plunge the coutn try into confusion or insurrection in the hope of carrying. out; their treasolinous purposes against our .established detilo cratic institutions and the national in terests. The writer defines colonial responsibility as " but an honorable Su!niderstandin'g be?wveen the Governor 'tand thbe Executive, on the one part " that advice shall be accepted, on the o'other part thait palpably bad advice " shall not be offered." Now, what sort of argument or unreesbno is this for a Constitutional writer, we ask ? Who is to determine what is "paliably "bad advice"? The Crown or Vice regal representative ? Then we have an absolute monarchy. The Council ? Then we have an absolute oligarchy. The only other inference is that this now Conuservative oracle wishes it to be understood that this palpably bad advice, or other knotty constitutional point, is to be determiincd by'the Con servative triunmvirate of the A-yus, a Sydnley Chief Justice. and a New Zea land Judge ! And the people and their representatives- the supreme tribuual and basis of responsible Governiente - are to have no.voice or say in the mat ter, as they are not even mentioned or alluded to in the letter of this consti tutional authority upon responsible Governiment ! Like Sii-W. Ji~'cleret, lie would ignoire the peo'ple and declare responsible Government to be humnbnir. It has beeti said that responsible Go vernmincnt is on its trial. He says, : may we not go a step faitther anid ask " wiether ?'ej;resentativre institiuiones "tliemselves be not 'also oil trial? " Many will admit tlhatl they do not ' biea transplautiation, atid i few, per " haps, will go so fir as to say that they "have run their race and done their Sworik, even at home . . . Eng "land is some 20 or 30 years behind. "her colonies, but is travelling the "same road. Instead of warning she "copies." So she ought, if she is behitid, we submit. "She has already her " PAltNELLS, het "bIGGAlts, and her " KENEALYS. Stonewalling and reck "less intemtperance of speech have crept "into an august Assembly, resisted as " yet by a majority; butt the unclean " thing is making steady way." For want of "the gag" no doubt. " So ".long as tire representation was of the "v.i'sority it worked well. enough. "When by degrees representation canme " tor,be ieally of tie smajority its failure " began to be suspected." Here, how ever, tlhe foolish and outrageous "sus "picion" is'absolutely insisted upon by this and other "half-thinkers" and illogical writeirs, and is now the insolent and unblushing contention of the Con servative press and party in Victoria. Let us. see how this -contention is niet by a higher authority, and one oftlhe highest dialecticians in England, if'not in the world. '[he contention here against Consti tutional Refonm is directed, not so much against the reform itself-thle necessity for which is beyond disliutie -but against the reform being effectsd by the people or their represeiltatives of the Liberal pasty. The blatant law and order press would most 'readily accept any stupid " reform" that might be fabricated by ai representation of the miixority in the 'Upper . House, or by the essence of its intelligence antd re spectability " a Comumittee of Ten" of that enlightened Chamber. The re presentatives of the people iare selfish and unfit to be entrusted with the sole control of the.public funds, &c.; The arguments in supp'ort of this contention of the anti-ministeiial piress and party, as put forward by the Argtus and such writers as "X." and' "H.- C.," are identical wiath thosei used by the Con-. servatie party in England against the county franchise, avvhich ate demon strably retted .and exploded in an article on " Tle Country Franclhise; &c;," by tie' Hen:: ?WV. E. GLAnsaO E; thliat appeared in the Ainecteenth Cetsltry Revtiew (No. IX.) Hoe ipemises,'f the "'liberties of boi' fellow subjects foim a "themnie of too high ni:nture to be do ??tesimined lhy .tlie interests of.pariity" The Ai'yus holds,, here; howevei, per "sonal-. bcoisideiraions" 'are of pii;iitary Sii·ijiortihcee;"' 'and to secure 'con "scietntiois 'administration": n?iisiljy. alone obtainable fromt: prepsentat~aieis of its pai,,tyt,ih- 'inoity, " thetemh "pJiiarTy abanlonment of pet theoiies "' or qreal prnciples becomes somet, imes 'Cs duty." :In ?othoer ?woids, fixedppiin ciple. are .no?w,- stand?irdl nib nsenso eand as Mr, LOWE:sSriDeiS Of ithe dfloodin" of the populatelomerit by the suffiage of the majority,-' a tumbleo down the " io;eeipice towards whliic :ve -atre. " riljpidly. glidinMg." t r. e GfADSTONE auswers, the tt rmument hiisilost its "force by t're?etition, like thile pronises 'of TTrkihi"il reform.i: 'We lutive fallen "t dloos: these ureiciplic??asad ld.ridA(vhtltf "it is": iOf tie ? elecdto';al 'q? li~aica tiondii"h say-, " Thora is"'really; irn theIti 6 stricins9 ofthe teim noidich t.t ling Ni :"o.inunlisipe ifeftly quaitulified "'eitther'a(ifior j' ding or foriconduteling "the?fh ffaird ofithis gres iempureo It is ;:foui d irioin?:coo v?holiohi?'e;sat " ht is muchas ain those ofthio to Asto t?ih dlispyaitinti, 'l : dolsite tob " not yrow in intensity as we moCO o dowinwards in society ;friiL class to " lass. ! rather believe that if a dis " tinction in to be drawn in this re spect, it must be drawn infivor of; "and rot against the classes, (ijsLuck i/' ti s/onald be. cdiedj which are loiwer, " larger, I.s , lindent, aind after allowinr Slilly for trades unions, loss organisid." Admitsting the passionate: susceptibili ties of multitudes, the evils therefirom are .less. dangerous ill the countihie; than in towns.' As to mental training and intellectual competency, " here one of " tlhe great advantages of a wido suffrage "comes into view. It is, that every "section of the community knows ' sometling, and something material to " the general weal, whlich the other 'sections do no.t know; and can dius " make a contribution to the common "stock which, without its inter "vention, must be :wanting. There "'are some questions on wsleic/ ra lower " class not only may, but iiiust be better " qualified to judge than a higher one." Such a question is that of Constitu tional Reform, on whicl the high " class" of the wealthmtyinority havre i direc "selfish" interest that is in antagonism to the general interests of the majority of the people. Therefor, it is a question which must be deter mined by the representhtives of the majority of the people, and-if need be -the people themselves, and not by "a Committee of T'cn" of the represen tatives of the minority. The country has been .long enough misruled by the minority, cnd a change to Government' by the majority cannot well be a change for the worse. WAUtRicnumooL seems to be in the way of undergoing an experience of the truth of the adagc, " It is well to be " off with the old love, before you are ' on with thie now." The Ballarat cor respondent of the iandlard, who.ap pa'cntly represents the moribund ghost of iI'CurLLoonrsm in that city, writes : -" I trust it is' some gratitication to " -ou. to know that Warrnambool is "just now the cynosure of all political "eyes. .All the folk here, who take " any interest in public afihirs, refer to "the probabilities of Mr. FRANCfs's "candidature, and I need hardly say "that every lover of decent lolities " ishles him married to your electorate ,-without even any attemps to forbid " the banns, or any pretence of the "existence of a just . inlediment." IlHowever, thait opinion may be en dorsed by' a section of the '?arrnacm bool people, we will not do that'con stituency the injustice to believe it re presents the political feeling of the najority of them. Setting aside the injury which Sir Ja?is At'Cur?ltoci and the party of which lihe was the leader; hlive done the country, whlie Victoria had the misfortune to be go verned by his Irouhand regimie, and the subsequent evils wrought upon it dulring the crisis by the rump of that party, in the Assembly and the Council, Sir JAM3Es 11'CULLOc.I has conferred no such signal benefits upon his con stituents, or rendered no such essential services to thens,' as to entitle him to have the virtual nomination of his suc cessor as their representative. Nor is it by any means so clear as the Ballarat correspondent asserts it to be, why any intelligent elector, much less "every " lover of decent politics" should wish to see. the Warrnambool electorate "married" to a second edition of Sir JAMEs' M'CULLOIIc , or a supplement to his ghost of a party, in the person of 'IMr. J. G. ?enAxcIs. That party was ostracised from power, and condemned to political death by the decision of the 11th May,, and that verdict has been emphasiscd and endorsed by every pub lie meeting of any significance that has been held throughout the countrysince that date. . If Mr. FRaxcis has no claims derived either from the fact of his being a quasi- nominee of Sir JACIs M'OULLOCII, a substitutefor that poli tical, failure as leader of the forlorn hope or rump of the once. dominant and domineeriug Conservative party which Sir JAaiEs now abandons in despair and leaves to shift for itself, he M12r. FRAxcs--has certainly no peculiar personil clainis of his own to recom mend him to the good graces of the electors of W~irrnamubool. iFew Victor ian politicians have had better oppor tunities than Mr. FrAurcis, and none have so missed them. He has achieved no success as a debater, or a politician, or a leguslator, -to compensate for the conspicuous failure of his attempts to solve the question of Constitutional Reform' with his .Norwegian scheme. Once the recognised leader of the Libe ral party, he did no relahtive service to the Liberal caunse, commensurate with the sctrength of his following in the Iounse., Ie is asmucl a political failureas Sir JA?Jas MO'CULLOcI.e W'as, and pt'ecisely for the saine reasbn, v~i., treachery:to the party he led anidthe cause bhe professed ,to advocate: '.It shouild then, we think, be a just cause, anld sufficieit "impedimenient" hgainst Mi. FeR 'dIs being " married" to Wairnam ool, :that the electordte which is only nos ashut to obtain its political direode from a representative .who deceived it aid his parcty should not again :be se dubed into a mesalliarie .vith. another "I soiled dove"- asnother gay dceceiver iin the ipeuson of. I' Rengade: F' rancis." If that conistituency was animated with' adi:e se?ne of its Owc independence, it: wooild n-dolloigei submit to be coquetted wiith by Sir JaTcess: A'CuLLocu who has deceided ci and the coaunty on the one haia, aid by? Mr: F3RaLsss : hlio is trying ?to obtin the 6pportuniitv of: de4 oeiviii?' i, ofi the obthei: "It is more ili~r'two? ioionths sinef the focmerowiaote ho lis:friekdu s iand supporters in WatTr niaildboil to the effect tliatso soon as 'pitliailnt 'i'itt ;prero'ued lhe cntended td?rissgin But,; as..the .Wah nacsnioel fisnrteia v jisytuetly.observes -' The , )pro.rateonh:lias. takeni' place, . and ,'theci? :been sodme futirther corres coii anll is lhu?chb:me6inhie, but thiet e are as yct '?n eins of the resigoatuoni S:,: Eiti?e? Sin JaEmS AitOurLOCHm "iugl g toyesing or ie otight iiot, The niic'tte; as.diice niticely bf hiis oin: piO-, "iosition If?be isi iitreseily no ice S"should certainly say so, and then the " F.scis Committee and the friends of " other political aspirantscould inform " their candidates that the vacancy is j not available." Why should Sir JAMES M`'CULLOCH bI, allowed to " shepherd" this seat, and "ltae care noit to follow Sir CHAeLES "Macrai?to's example by resigning " nd allowing a sMinisterial member to " till lis seat"? VWhy should Warr naimbool submit to be thus "shoep-, " herded" and made a warming pan of, for political renegades ? If it does, then certainly there is no just cause or impediment why Warrnambool should not be married to "Renegade Francis," thietwice rejected of West Melbourne -which is the most Conservative con stituency in the country-so soon as Sir JAMES MCULLocII declares his divorce, and resigns his seat and his constituency to dMr. FRANCIs who is about to be politically whitewashed, apparently for the occasion, with " a " banquet" or " a testimonial" of some sort. WisILE war an1d lpeacO are trembling in the balance there is time for retrospect, for tile more we study the history of the past, or observe the events of our own times, tile more we perceive how slow are the changes which take 1place in the lhabits, policy, or instincts of nations. Even tihe great French revolution has boeo declared not to have suddenly altered the constitution of the society amid which it raged. Much that seems due to the eveni.? of a single epoch lhai been growing up for a generation before. But there is no need to go further back than. to the events of the present war. I{-ow little' apparent change has there been in the social institutions of the Ottoman state. Turks and Christians have kept the same relative positions, and for many a preceding year there was no sign that, the supremacy of race over race had been condemned by Europe arid was desiined to 1pass a-v:ay. Yet we must beholieve that the Turkish Em pire was improeguted with 'principles which must eventually lead to the con sunn ation for which England had fought. Little was outwardly changed, but the seed had been sown which was one day to spring up and bear its fruit. But it is to the Russian Emoire and its future policy that this reasoning ewould apply.. People not unnaturally ask what will be the future condition of the vast dominions which already stretch in a continuous belt over three continents? What has become of the policy of PETERi The Great, of CATHiIE RINE, andi of NICiOLAS ? Is it dead, or does it sleep? How far has there been, or how far is there, any truth in the profession of a desire for peace, and a wish to grow great by material im provement ? Has RIiussia been deceiv herself or Europe, or in a measure both, by this language ? Can the Czars extricate their policy from the groove in which it has been fixed by the spirit of the people, and a successioii of able and high-handed sovereigns ? The an swer to- these questions will be given by time, and it may seem presumptuous even by the light of late events, to anticipate experience ; but, as practical politics are a science concerned with the future, we may endeavor to divine from appearances what chance there is of any fundamental change in, the policy of the Muscovite Empire. There can be no doubt but that, by the Crimiean war, the old system received a shock. For the first time in history the Russian frontier then receded, and thie Turks won back a portion of their lost territory. The glory of CiTHErtINE and of SowAnnoiv was tarnished by; the surrender of Ismail. The cherished policy of the First ALErsXaNDE and of NiCsoLas was swept away by the de fection of Austria, and the lhostilityof England and France. But we cannot doubt that tihroughout the Empire there was -deep disappointment, morti ficaition, and distrust. That which had been though it rressistible had been over come. Thhtl which was thought eter nal in solidity had fallen. It was quite possible, therefore, that even in the ministers and generals there must have been it conviction of the necessity of some change-a change of policy, though not ol purpose. The laws ofl political economy are the same in.all lands, and are independent eithdr of despotism or democracy. If they are violated, wealth is accumulated slowly, or not at all: population makes little advance; even knowledge is circumscribed, and the well-being of the. people is cramped. But wealth, a nunerous population, and a fair stockof intelligence in the individual, are. found at the present date to be necessary even for war: It is natural to suppose that astute men, such as at first advised the present Czcrx should recognise what was plain to all the rest of the world.- We heard, consequently, without surprise on the accession of ArLEXacni., that Russia tlhousght the time was come for some relaxation.in the' system of Nicior?As. What that system was, and what it led to, are kno6wn to all. .-Niricd? s iso lated his empire, amlcstrove. to create irresistible power on the basis of the old 'fanatical Muscovite nationality. To a certain extent he suceeeded, inasmuch as he fused the discordant Gernian and Miuscovite races into sometling ap proachinsg.unity. But in every other way. he weakened his- people ,:and re-' taidect theiim progress, so that, thoughn he lixed only to: prepare for war, a-Then. aiar came he was coisquered for tine iv?ant of appliacds,c whicalie are the re sult of peace. The advisers, thlerefore, .of his successor, the ipresent Emperoi ALL?-5oErr, Inight;wavell have been wil ling to try expesiments, to' which tlhe invincible obstinacy ofliisfisheoios. would never hiaiie yield?d. Evidsnthlythe tavo great objects of a .russ-ian statesman, if he be as wiseas they ofthe rest are apt tb fiancy hiim, must be:to iuvite foieign eapitel :ind to ;disaini foi?eignia ealbousy. Enssiat?foe sims s so er less. Bt let bere anni have cbheni means of a graat avir aend the te ipitatioir of wliha they lied lO' ;ly timmen isome h.eas,,, ways, for a fleet of steaw . tended commerce, for free. with the world. Hence, to, n of a milder administration? Then it was said that the C favor of a new system, or w courage to maintain the old the Churchrcgained its oldjuir and the prisons were emptied, b amnnesties, the commercial i n the nation were not forgotten.~ other hand;,' the Gouvernmen b-ar as heretofore, intent on war a luest, though it felt that it mu its course, and that it could oni for future successes by laying oi foundation for material propep i l home. So it has been that the 1' of St. Petersburgh sided, up to period, with the instincts of the and directed its effort to devel opý dt resources of the country. Bu?' Czar and his Ministers hoped t this prosperity, thereafter, as . b of aggression. We may hope-we believe-he will he undeeeived: age ot great conquests in war has.passe sud whether a Ruler- check as Aldxai clt has now checked, the progress ; his-people or encourage it, as he hass s' long encouraged it, he will probably find himself equally unable to gratify a dangerous ambition. In the first ple, lis people have not the power; -in t second, they have lost the inclinatio to realise his schemes. TIu: result of the eases of appeal agkiust ?tA Colae shire assessments, tried at the Gener Sessions at G(eelong before His Honor Judge' Hlackett, sand reported in oar last issue, ;is: lut another illustrationr of the fallibility of human judgment, the eccentricities of .the-' indicial.mind, and the glorious uncertainty of the law. .It is only naturl,l we presume that ratepayers should fancy themselves toe?: heavily handicapped, and object to ady :i crease of shire assessments. Landowners would doubtless prefer a fixed handicap, or uniform and perpetual assessment at last year's rates, or those of long ago. But-the Shire Cufteil iud its sworn Vahiators have a right endl a duty to study the local public iuterests, antd in doing so is was onily right and proper that they should endeavor to smakie owners contribute to the shire funds a portion of the unearned increment-that has ' accrued upon those lands since last year's: assessments were made. To say that those lands have not achieved an unearned incre-: I rment, and have not increased in value, from 3d. to ls. 3d. an acreorso since therailmwiayws a s opened to Colac, is to deny the evidence of our senses, and dispute the evidences of in creased prosperity which we see around us in new hduses, erected or now building, I and the various local improvements in and around Colac, completed or projected. In Dr. SrournT's case, Mr. B. J. MILaLER said that in his opinion " 9s. an acre was a lowi "value" for the land. As Mr. DMILLER hasi been IS years a Shire Valuer, lie ought te be a competent judge, and his opinion wai entitled to respect,, the more so as it wa. /-S confirmed by that of Mr. ELcKINeTOs while the opinion of IMr. EaRisTO JosHssros? ; grazier and surveyor, and a resident of the?? district for 13 years, was to the effect that the appraisement of tihe two previous wit nesses was rather under, thai over ?o value of the land. "Dr. STonDRT's land : was better than- witness's, and he had no difficulty in getting a rental of 14s. an acre "per annuam for it." _Mr. J. C. CImxn also supported the valuation, which was also upheld by the testimony of MDr. J. H. Co son. The latter gentleman, however, went i out of his way to exhibit his political bias - in the gratuitous assertion that, in his opi: :d nion, "the Laud Tarx had depreciated pro " perty to the extent of -15 per cent., and " had depreciated his property 50 per cent.". This is inconsistent with the contention of a-' his party that the tax does not affect large " estates so heavily as small ones. Thb testi many of these witnesses, however, was in no way shlaken by that of the witnesses for theo. appellant. Mr. Ferguson comnputed the value- " : at £6 an acre and- said "a purchaser could "be: found for- it at that." No doubt he could, or for less or more than that.: Tile : value of the evidence of this expert may be; guaged from the fact that lie valued Dir.= Manifold's land at Loeura last year at £310s. all acre, tnd this land was sold the other day to Messrs. C. and A. Finlay for £8 8s. an acre, and the seller wanted to cry out of the bargain at that price. Mr. Fiscsri valued the land at £8' an acre. Mr. HEP enuru said "the laud was worth 2s. -G6. to 3s. per acre for oser year;" but as ir. Jons : STOrs said--who valued it at 9s. Gd.-" nt. "one would be foolish enough to take tile "land for one year at any ylice," so that , Mr. HePurnr-'s opinion as an expert was of . no seightr. Mr: Anthony udd -appraised the land at abotsthalf itsialule;. Thus in favor of tie Cdunci's appraisement there iwas tihe evidence of two experienced valua tors -und four experienced and disinterested "raziers, one of .whoseo political proclivities would induce [him to cnder-estimartd rather than over-value -e lanud. Against lthe as oessmeet therea.as only the opinion of four witnesses, or tirtually only two, as two of tie opinions were unworthy of weight for the reasons we have sho ,n. Yet His Honor; : in snmming up, said "hesaw no reason for ' "the increase in tlie rating of thie property "from the previous year." ButI His Honor s-as not called upono or reluired:to ' see," :. eatisfy himself, or fine out any ' reason for .: "the increase." "It: a s ars to us that -is r12 unction was, after weigh ri the sidei~cee, ? to satisfy hiimself frsat siuft-cient evidenes~ ir ,:. vas, a'lduced on behalf oEf la appelianoacar-" a establish a case ?or r: r agar l. "'....iIlithe close of" thinre, "Iis Honor could caicy full Seethe for tir oumniser of switlneiss isee nutric CouneriPs easement, thi ex artrue sto, Gds ormation. of those iiti d ie rt s'ts as perd a heir presumed disintectF t - eoify the n' considerationsaimpainrting reto ei erted a. he evilaehe -iu-faoir did ged or, ir.thilre ideno thiai will theisi ppellauts agains atn ia-da, he legal nor. jtidiciaju e~KEDr:is each' -to: above questio' as -'o t thb rien icing erroneous, i lt e xeperirc'ied Iudresd se nt decision, a rlr rlth the br-s-ice o eua s soil soerrrt of- ent h t. emarils asply laririe Y 1 athor easme-. nhteh i ' mause seine Gee eee notLrr-i 5 e 4: talus err the Irhio ens rie a'r;.,iRO ~ / ~r-*i~frr~rr { a~aawEsvf a,-- e-,.5t sa"-i --4 - - the capital value n.ot its productire iy the "esieaso," e iion that assumip " become ?? "preciat( ,i : by " the season," eeeasons than the last e was aw scarcity of over-stocking than i?.--?' ng this subject, wet : a: s wirne informeld, ICotncil were very Itulaby its attorney, Slhad no brief, and O L . I ýor anyone connected e?l minutes before the S a nd the only thing he JOI>STONE'S "-nota3" optweithstanding this, of lis Poior, we con contrary to the evid events not justiuied or ha nuiieric:l proiportion CO a the licantliority and u eie wsare in vor of the assesismeins and againist the AL i 