IMMINENT OPICSJ THE VATICAN, IT is said in a European telegram that his Holiness Leo XIII. has dismissed General Kanzler, the bead of the Papal Guard, and this, no doubt, is regarded in certain quarters as an act bearing out the idea that the new Pope is a man of " moderate views and great discretion." That the Holy Father is richly endowed with the gifts of the Holy Ghost, including the last- named qualification, we are firmly persuaded, and that his views are moderate within unalterable limitations, we have no doubt. The only thing we doubt is that they are moderate in the sense in which our Protestant friends use the term. We do not, however, see how the dismissal of General Kanzler could be regarded as an indication of moderation in any but one sense. It is possible that his Holiness decided upon reducing his household, or that the General himself asked, for private reasons, permission to resign. But we cannot forget that, when Cardinal Simeoni succeeded Cardinal Antonelli, General Kanzler's dismissal was reported, and that there was no truth in the report. What the Holy Father cannot and will not do might be plainly and correctly set out; but what he could do, and will do, very few people would be so presumptuous or foolish as to describe or predict. For so much information on that subject as his Holiness may be pleased to give, we shall have to wait for the publication of his encyclical; but we do not believe it is presumptuous on our part to expect that it will indicate a resolution to persevere in the policy of his august predecessor. We have a little anecdote of Cardinal Pecci to tell our Protestant friends, from which they may be able to infer of what stuff Leo XIII. is made. Some time ago, when Bishop of Perugia, the Italian Government threatened to remove him from his See and the reply his Eminence made was' " I will not yield, except to force." ' Tax management of MELBOURNE this institution has not HOSPITAL. been satisfactory in some respects lately. A divided authority is unavoidable in an establishment of the kind ; both the professional and the lay element have to be represented in the direction of its affairs, and not only that, but care must be observed that there is no undue intrusion of the latter on what by the former is regarded as its exclusive domain. House Btewardship, ways and means, bookkeeping, and even stores, have a distinct sphere of their own, and the most they can do is to record orders, provide for requirements, and report proceedings ; and BO, whilst within its province the lay management may be good, there may be something wrong, or at least unsatisfactory, on the physic, science, surgery, and medical comfort side of the house. This, we believe, is the case. It having leaked out in some way that the dietary scale was much more liberal than was allowed or necessary, a subcommittee was appointed to investigate the subject, and itB report is an astonishing document. It appears that the quantity of medical comforts, i.e., wine, spirits, &c.;, ordered or ueed was exceedingly generouB, that gallons of beef-tea were daily wasted, that fowl was no luxury to the patients, and that, were they in sound, vigorous health, and entitled to the most generous treatment, they could scarcely have been served better in that respect than they were The expenditure told the tale, and the lay management did not look complacently at the very remarkable change that had been made in the treatment of disease and injury. If it occurred to Mr. Williams and the other gentlemen supervising finance and stores that -the tendency in the modern practice of medicine iB to diminish the supply and give increased attention to regimen, with the object of assisting nature, they did not allow that view of the matter to have sufficient weight with them in comparing the consumption of comforts with Jthe state of the house." Accordingly, the matter came before the general committee, and from it went to a sub-committee, and the sub-committee being unable to reconcile the increased consumption of comforts, &o.;, with the fitness of things, reported accordingly, and their report was under review on Tuesday last. In it the members said :— ., ..They have examined returns showing .the issue on the orders of the medical staff of some of, the principal items of ' extras in excess of the ordinary diet scales; • theee show a aurpising increase from year .;;to^ear. At the same time, it haB not been .,it^tje$l tbatthere is anything extraordinary. in 'the nature of tbecasestreated, neither. is -there any noticeable alteration in the number of continuously-occupied beds. The item of milk may be quoted as an example of the increase which has gradually taken place. The issue in December, 1866, was 4679 pints; in December, 1873, 9828 pints; and in the same month of 1877 the quantity amounted to 11,689 pints. In view of the fact placed before the committee, and the absolute necessity that exists for a reduction in the expenditure for extras—if the hospital is to be carried on with its present accommodation—the following recommendations are submitted: —1. That the resident medical officers be prohibited from ordering articles of diet in excess of the diet scale, except under the directions of the honorary officers at their visits, or in cases of special emergency. 2\. The same prohibition to apply to the ordering of stimulants, soda-water, lemonade and ice, except in cases of emergency. 3. That the issue of fowl be rohibited. They recommended how these suggestions might be carried out, and, on the motion of Mr. Phillips, .seconded by Mr. PJunket, the report was adopted, only two members voting for its rejection. Mr. M'Guigan, who supported the report, as an illustration of the reckless waste that had been going on, referred to certain statistics for the years 1865, 1873, 1875 and 1877. In 1865 the number of occupied beds in the hospital was 346 ; in 1873, 328; in 1875, 333; and in 1877, 335 ; while the cost of maintenance per nnum was, in 1865, £19,583 lis. 6d., or 56 lis. llfd. for each patient: in 1873, £20,389 5s., or £62 3s. 2fd. each; in 875, £21,226 3B. 4d., or £63 14s. lOd. ach; and in 1877, £23,789 10s. 9d., or 71 0s. 2£d. each. Mr. Gibbs remarked hat "in his opinion the consumption of xtras had been excessive. He could not ee any reason for the great increase in the cost of maintenance between 1865 and 1877." Mr. Meares thought that a "gross ourse of extravagance had been going n for a lengthened time. This had now been made public, and the subscribers would certainly hold the committee reponsible for this misappropriation of their money. Twice as much was exended for stimulants as was necessary." Mr. Lyons "defied anyone in good health to eat half what was provided for some of the patients. Nearly one-third of the meat supplied to the hospital was thrown away, and he should like to know how it was that, after attention had been called to the matter, extras were discontinued to an extent that effected a saving of over £2000 per annum to the institution." Dr. Rees defended the medical staff, and insisted that they were the only good judges of what extras should be allowed, but his defence, though kindly meant and spirited enough, made no great impression. The subscribers may now feel assured that hereafter thousands of gallons of beef- tea will not be wasted, and that, with regard to extras, including "medical comforts," the regulation diet card will be adhered to, with rare exceptions of an urgent character. Ix his episcopal discretion A LENTEN his Lordship the Bishop PASTORAL, of Sandhurst has issued his Lenten Pastoral earlier than documents of the kind are usually published. The exhortations contained in the letter are those fitting the occasion, and, in a measure, peculiar to it; but if in that respect they call for no special attention at our hands, it may be observed that the pastoral admonitions are delivered in very impressive language, and the instructions are conveyed with remarkable clearness. As the pastoral has been published in pamphlet form, and has been, no doubt, very widely distributed and extensively read in the diocese, there is only one passage which it seems to us necessary to reprint. It is one which has wide application, and should produce a good impression wherever read. Referring to the moral and religious education of the rising generation, his Lordship says:— Of all the duties that parents and guardians of children are called upon to fulfil, this, at the present time, seems to us to be the most important. For you are to consider whether you are to fit them for the world, and prepare them for heaven at the same time, or fit them for the world only, and sacrifice their immortal souls. What is education in the strict sense of the word? I give you its definition in the words of the great Bishop of Orleans, as may be seen in one of his recent works. "It iB," ho says, " to cultivate, to train and develop the physical, intellectual, moral, and religious faculties which constitute nature and human dignity in the child, and to give to those faculties their perfect integrity, and to establish them in the plenitude of their power and action." Behold, then, the great responsibility that -devolves on parents with regard to their children, those noble creatures entrusted by the Almighty to their charge, made after His own image and likeness, redeemed ; by the precious blood of His Son, and de3' tined to live with Him for ever in the joys and glory of paradise. Oh, what a delightful duty for parents—to prepare their children for that great and sublime end for which they were created. Yes; it is a noble work; it is a divine task to educate children, not merely for this perishable world here below, but to educate them in the love of God, in tbe knowledge of the great truths of religion; in a word, to eduoate them for heaven. Without this there can be no education, for mere secular education—that is, education without religion—is a spurious term, because it repudiates the essential conditions of education, namely, the cultivation and development of the moral and religious faculties of the obild. And where we behold these faculties gradually developed and improved, there we have education in the true sense of the word ; there we behold children steadily advanoing towards the attainment of the great end of their creation the salvation of their immortal souls. Such is education with religion, which, to quote the great Bishop's words, is " the greatest, the highest, and the noblest human work that can be performed." For the child is taught to believe that Jesus Christ is God that His religion is the greatest benefit that Heaven has bestowed, tbat it is the treasure of treasures for time and eternity. Conse quently, all those who, by adopting a vicious system of education, would expose children to the danger of ignoring Jesus Christ and His Church, must be the enemies of the true religion, and therefore the moBt cruel enemies of God and man. - Later on his Lordship, reverting to the subject, says:— Wherefore, dearly beloved, we entreat you, in the name of your eternal interests, to attend tnoBt assiduously to the education of your children. See that they attend those schools where they will be instructed in the great duties of religion, where not only the intellectual, but also the moral and religious faculties of the child will be gradually improved [and developed. Bring them up well, and they will become the joy Tand delight of your soul, according to these words of the Holy Ghost— "Instruct thy son, and he shall refresh thee, and shall give delight to tby soul." — Prov. xxix. 17. His Lordship's words are his own, but he has spoken with the voice of the Catholic episcopate—in the voice of the Church. The advice he has given on the Education Question, the exhortation he has uttered, proceed from every bishop in any part of the world, where, as here, there is need of such advice and exhortation. And surely none but those who are wilfully perverse, and will not hear the voice of the Church, can be indifferent to the significance and great importance of this fact. From the chair of Peter, to the most distant episcopal seat, it is recognised as of vital importance that Catholic children should receive a Catholic education, and not be allowed to attend the secular school; yet there are parents who affect to believe that there is no occasion for this ever-anxious, active, and universal concern on the part of the episcopacy. Why, the sun in the heavens, "the stars the firmament, nor even Christ's miracles, are not surer signs of God's power and majesty than is this warning voice of the whole episcopacy that there s corruption and death in the school in which the name of Christ and his Virgin other are forbidden. IT is in as much con- THE EASTERN fusion and as dangerous QUESTION. as ever. Austria, gaining courage from the jeopardy in which her interests are placed, appears to be making up her mind to defend them ; but that disposition on her part, though favourable to the assertion of British claims also, is but of small account as an indication of a peaceful settlement of the difficulties the Conference will have to adjust, or, at least, attempt to adjust. We say attempt, because we are all but convinced that it will not succeed in its purpose. There is too much reason for fearing that it will be but a repetition of the farce that was played before the Russians crossed the Pruth, for which they had made all necessary preparations, as in the case of Germany with France, before Gortschakoff delivered his ultimatum. Germany stands aloof from it, unwilling to be bound in any way by conditions, or even so much as hampered by the expression of opinions. Bismarck means that he shall preserve to himself an open course on every side, and that the Field- Marshal's sword- arm shall be perfectly free to strike where, when, and for whom, in the interests of the Empire it may seem best to its wily Chancellor. "What is the German Fatherland?" It embraces, in theory at least, a wider territory than the Conference, with a German plenipotentiary, absent or present, would be disposed to admit. We suspect that, in the German view of the case, Belgium and Holland are not outside the imaginary line which lias been chalked on the map of Europe.' " Indeed, the world has been told aSinuoli, though not officially or directly. It has bean so said in song set to music, and it is in this form the deepest and strongest national sentiments are' usually expressed. The two Chancellors are playing a heavy g a a" as partners, but with different ends to gain. One wants to go westward the other eastward, and England cannot without striking for her life as a Euro! pean Power, permit the one movement or the other. If she cannot checkmate the Chancellors in their game, she must fight them, and to the latter alternative she will, . we 'believe, be driven unless, indeed, she is prepared to pay the indemnity for Turkey and throw more good money after bad. Russia will not take her hands off her securities till they are released, and if Great Britain demand that she shall do so, and go to war with her, then Germany will walk into Belgium and Holland, risking all that France may do to prevent her. One item in the European telegrams is in. comprehensible to us. It is said that the lines of Galiipoli arebeing strengthened. By whom ? THREATENED WANT. THE new year opened very inauspiciously f^ our poor countrymen at home. Last year wag one of terrible visitations, and the afflictions have not passed away with it. Drought and famine did terrible work in India; China is now visited by these twin devastators; Java was suffering from them; New Guinea, Fiji, Mauritius, and all parts of this continent, though chiefly the north, have experienced their blighting effects. In Turkey there has been a merciless, most cruel war; in all parts of Europe an ever present dread of evils to come; in England distrust between employer and employed and a stagnation of trade ; and now we learn that the poor of poor Ireland are supping deep of Borrow, and are even threatened with that sharpest of afflictions —actual want. From almost incessant rain the ground has become sodden, and the potatoes soft, watery, unsubstantial, and innutritioug; and of that quality the supply is small. The wheat crop for years past has not been good, owing, it is said, to unfavourable climatic influences; and last season the oat crop, affected first by the dryness, and next by the wetness of the weather, was very poor, the loss so sustained by farmers being very considerable. Other root crops besides potatoes were also in a bad way, and the consequence was much distress and suffering, more especially in the south and west, the parts always first and most severely affected in times of scarcity. The report, as it reaches us, is sad enough in its character, and the poor people who already felt the scarcity, had not, it was feared, seen the worst times. Their prospects were very gloomy, at least for the first four or five months of 1878, and so impressed had the Irish Times, the Conservative organ, become with the miserable condition of the working classes, their total dependance for food on the favour of a variable and changing climate, the general poverty of the Irish people, and the inadequate development of the nation's resources, that it sarcastically, and even bitterly, condemned the prosperity speeches and reports which it has been latterly so much the custom to make. But with the general prospects of the country we shall be better able to deal after looking more thoroughly through our files than time has permitted. 