Country and Mining Hews, (FBOM OU"B2COBBE8POia)ENT8.) NEWCASTLE. July 25. The inquest on the body of the late Slr. James Downie w resumed this morning at the court-house, before T. 1 Pearse, Esq,, coroner for the Maitland district, and the ju of twelve. The court-house was densely crowded througho the proceedings. After the jury had been sworn in fo witnesses, who had been previously examined, were re-calle eaoh of whom more or less amended their previous stal ments by saying they did not think the prisoner was the p< son who had committed the crime ascribed to him. T eoroner summed up the evidence, and, having directed t! i'ury, the court was cleared, and the jury left to deliberal n about half an hour, on tho re-assembling of the court, tl jury brought in the following verdict We find the d ceased, James Downie, came by his death from a woui inflicted on his person on the night of the 15th of July inst and th it the said wound was inflicted by Henry Parry, ar as such we And Henry Parry guilty of wilf murder." Tho man Johnson was, therefore, liberated, ar Parry was arrested on the charge, and committed for tria Prisoner, who during the fore part of the day had been car fully attended to in the lock-up, with avery comfortable se« before a roaring fire, and every attention pala to his world! comfort was, after the verdict of the jury, placed in durum vile, and received a free pass, under escort, to head-quartei at East Maitland. I understand that on the trial, which wi not take place until October next, some startling evidenc will be brought for ward.I The " individual" knuokle-austc .has not os yet come to light, but one that is Bald tobo "afe low," is such u one that if anyone was found with one in hi possession, in the words of one of the prisoner's cour trymon, " He ought to be at once strung up, without an trial." Perry is a,thorough¡blaok, and a slim man.wherea Johnson ls robust and very muscular, and had not in hi appearance anything of a man who would use a stilett rather than his fist. The hearing is now over, bu the talk is not, and much comment is mad upon the evidence given by the Downie family, as thos who heard it state the provocation was great, and th evidence given with tho greatest reluctance. A question o much importance is also mooted, why a coroner had to b sent for from West Maitland to hear the case. The answe ffiven is that the Newoastle coroner, Mr. F. J. Shaw, ha< eft the district, and now resides in Sydney, but would no resign his coronership. Why? The answers are ugly. Ou citizens are no doubt very obtuse for their own interests but why should they put up with this insult? About half-past 7 o'clock this morning, as Mr. J. T. Smith boot manufacturer, was placing outside his shop in Hunter street sundry articles, his attention was drawn by bearing screams from the house opposite, the Melbourne Boardin; House, kept by Mrs. Simpson, and seeing flames througl the front window of that house, ho at once rushed over and on entering the room found a little girl on a bed, wit! her night-clothes in a blaze. Ho at once extinguishec tho flames, but on lifting the child, to his horror, he founc she was so much burnt that the skin from her baok adherec to his band. The mother, who was present, was so mud paralysed at first that she could do nothing., The flame: having been extinguished and the burnt nightdress bavin; been removed from the ohild, Dr. Walker was sent for ai soon as possible, and on his arrival prescribed the us na remedies in casss of this kind; but very slighi hopes are entertained of the child's recovery. Th< child, which is but four years old, was witt her younger brother left in bed after their parentt had risen, and it is supposed played with some matohef willoh were in the candlestick, and thus set fire to her night- dress. It was a wonder that the little boy did not suffer thc same as his sister. Had it not been for the presence ot mind of Mr. Smith, a most disastrous fire would have occurred, Mr. Simpson having left his nouse for his daily work. ] understand this is the third resoue Mr. Smith has made ol persons whose clothes were on fire. I learn from a passenger by the 8 a.m. train from here, and which should have left Wallsend to return this morning, shortly after 0 o'clock, that it did not do so, and, upon inquiry being made, it was found that the engine which brought the train from Newcastle lwd but little if any watei in its boiler or tender. The danger was so great that, tc prevent an explosion, the fires from the engine were at once taken out. A telegram was sent on to Newcastle, and af extra engine was sent to bring on the train. I hopear investigation will be made, as passengers-even miners, which the writer "B," In the Town and Country has such a down upon-must not have their lives jeopardised. July 26. The export of coals for the week ending July 26, is 23,728 tons, of which tho A. A. Company supplied 6618 tons; Brown's Colliery, 3490 ; Wallsend, 806 ; Co- operative Colliers, 3780; Waratah, 3077 ; Lambton, 3514 ; New Lamb- ton, 887 ; Newoastle Company, 1456 ; Greta and Anvil Creek, nil. The Ferndale Oollieryshlp a large quantity of coal, but do not send in returns. The distribution has been as follows. -To Sydney, 4630 tons ; Melbourne, 6892 ; Geelong, 4U ; Adelaide, 1605 ; New Zealand, 1126 ; Hobart Town, 2547 ; Grafton, 726 ; Rockhampton, 156 ; New Caledonia. 491 ; Batavia, 1925 ; Hongkong, 1531 ; to steamers and home con sump'ion.798; also eight tons coke. The return from the Customs for week ending July 26 is £1018 14s 6d, as fol- lows.-Duty, £780 10s 2d; pilotage, £127 14s 4d; removals, £20 ; harbour and lights, £90 10s. During the whole of the day a hot wind hos been blowing, and the clouds of dust in our streets reminded one of being in the middle of December instead of July. This evening a strong breeze from the north-west set in, accompanied with heavy rain. There are, however, indications of a change in the weather. The ore whioh arrived from Nelson, N.Z., by the barque Tasso, consisting of lil bags, is but a trial shipment, and will be tested, I understand, at the Hunter River Smelting Works. Should this turn out well, there is plenty of ore at grass ready for shipment to this port. A very useful lamp, and one that has been long wanted, has been placed upon the goods sheds at the steamers' wharf. It has a face of red glass with green on each side, and will be of great service to captains of steamers arriving atan early hour (before daylight) from Sydney. The lamp, will also be found a great convenience to boatmen engaged in the harbour. The lamp was lit for the first time last night, and is to be kept burning from sunset to sunrise, not like the other lamps on tho steamers' wharf; for no sooner do tho Sydney steamers leave than the lights are doused. Julv 30. There bas been little news to send you either by telegram or post sufficient to entertain your readers in the metropolis or elsewhere, but I do not like to see an issue of your paper without an item from Newcastle. The llrst of importance to us as citizens ls the supply of fresh water to our doors, and for this information 1 must refer you, as under, to a meeting of certain members of our various municipal bodies, which met to-day at the court-house, West Maitland, at which our Mayor, George Wallace Esq., presided. At tho meeting held at West Maitland, the following reso- lutions were carried : " That this conference, with as many members of Parliament as can be induced to attend, wait upon the Colonial Secretary, and ascertain if the Government propose placing the necessary sum upon the estimates 1878-79, and prepare a Bill to enable the work of water supply for this district to be entered upon os soon as tho plans, specifications, and estimates for the works have been adopted." The Mayor of Lambton moved an amendment : " That the Colonial Seoretary having promised to the depu- tation, who previously interviewed him on the water ques- tion, to introduce during the forthcoming session of Parlia- ment a Bill to deal with the matter, this meeting is of opinion that no further action should be taken until the Government have had an opportunity of fulfilling their promises, and that in the event of the said water scheme being omitted from the Government programme at the assembling of Parliament, the chairman be empowered to make the necessary arrangements for another interview with the Ministers and the members of "ibis conference." This motion was carried. The Mayor of East Maitlnnd moved a further amendment,-"That prior to fixing a day for a de- putation, inquiry be made whether the Government intends to place a sum of money upon the estimates for the purpose of water supply, and if thero is no such intention a deputa- tion should then wait upon the Government." The motion having been carried, this was not put. After the usual votes of thanks to tho chairman, the Press, &c;, the conference, at tho invite of tho Mayor of West Maitland, enjoyed a good luncheon at Hodgson's Boyal Hotel. Your correspondent got himself in some disreputo amongst certain officials by making publio a certain deflection of duty on the Wallsend line a few days ago. The truth of his report, however, has not been contradicted, as faots cannot be denied, I must, however, bring forward another charge against the management of the traffic department of tho Great Northern Railway, and one of almost daily ocourrenco since the estab- lishment of the "staff" syBtem. This day the 10.30 a.m. train from hero to West Maitland arrived at East Maitland punctually to time. It was thero detained twenty five minutes -waiting for a coal train to bring dow the staff so that the passenger train could proceed. The p.m. train from here to West Maitland was also punctual a East Maitland, but its passengers had to be shunted onto til Morpeth line and wait half-an-hour for a goods train to pas: Your correspondent therefore lost that time, and he suppose he cannot reclaim it from the railway officials. The passen gers during the delav are locked up in their carriages a safely os if they were in the neighbouring Sailors Refuge, railway porters and guards betaking themselves away, making life comfortable. Then are three loop lines at Elgin-street station, at which if our trafilo manager had any thought for the comfort o; passengers, he could put the goods in till the passenger: arrived, and thereby keep punctually to the time table. A now first-class carriage, constructed on a better prinelple than those hitherto in use, is now running on the Great Northern Railway, and is manufactured by Mr. Ritchie, ol Parramatta. The body of the carriage is on six wheels, instead of four, thus giving a greater facility for turning the short curves on our line. The comfort of the internal fittings are also greater than in the older ones. It is separated into four compartments, one of which is reserved for ladies. Eaoh compartment oontains two seats facing each other, and each seat is divided by small arms similar to an arm chair. The cushions and seats are very comfortable, and very suitable to those who require ease, but Ido not see a very great improvement on the old English first-class carriages a quarter of a century ago, excepting in the springs, wheels, &o.; Our footballers were very busy last Baturday. On that day I the first fifteen met a corresponding number from the Mait I land Albions, to play a return match afc Newcastle ; and a tough game it proved to be. Only one accident occurred, 1 however. Mr. Dalton receiving a kiele on the head. The I game was a drawn one. The second fifteen of Newcastle J also met the second fifteen of West Maitland, at Maitland. The former only numbered thirteen; but they.managed to win by one try. The ship British Commerce is now taking in her cargo of sheep, wool, &c;, for Japan, and before many days are over her cargo will be completed. Tho sheep, numbering over 1000 head, have already arrived, and some shipped, and about 100 bales of wool (pressed) from Melbourne, are to hand for shipment. The ship will be fully loaded, it is expected, by to-morrow, her coals for ballast being on board. There have been during the last few days a few accidents, but not sufficient to record, beyond that which happened to Dr. John Harris, his buggy being run into by a car, but for- tunately beyond the breaking of a shaft, no further injury occurred. Trade during the past week has been very fluctuating. Th fine weather of last Saturday brought a considerable numb( of visitors from the mining townships, and a brisk busiwei was apparently done with our shopkeepers. There has bee n large influx of vessels during the week, principally fror the adjacent colonies ; and as several of our local vessels hav Said off, the shipping office presents daily a large number c ands seeking fresh employmont; the boarding-hous masters also seem remarkably busy. "With referenc to tho produce markets, there has been a grea deal of speculation in tho flour market, and buyer seem anxious to lay in a stock at present prices.. The suppl' is good, but in a few hands. Melbourne Hour is quoted a froinJBll 10s to £12 10s; Adelaide, £12 to £13. Uran am pollard are both rather scanty in supply, at from £0 10s fo tho former, and £715s to £8 per ton for the latter. Malz remains at 3s 8d per bushel. Potatoes. During the wee! there have been arrivals of 150 tons from Kew Zealand, an< 1400 bags Warrnambool, besides a good supply of Hunte River. The demand hos been good, and, for the former prices have ranged ftom £5 to £5 10s; and, for the latter £415s to £5. Butter is getting cheaper, fresh being quotec at from ls öd upwards; Wollongong, ls Cd; Geelong, lld eggs, ls per dozen. Cheese : Port Cooper, 8£d per lb ; colo nial. Od; bacon, 7d to 8d per lb. > Tho Newcastle Coal Company held its half-yearly meeting at the officesto-day. The report, as read am adopted, congratulated the shareholders on the steadily increasing business of the company. The director advise an increase of the rolling stock, in order ti provide for an increasing trade. Thev also recom mend that out of the amount standing to the credit of profi and loss the sum of £3050 be applied in paying up £10 pe; share on 305 of tho B shares, and that suoh 365 share: shall be issued to and divided between the mern bera pro rata, as may be determined by the company iu general meeting. The net earnings for the half-yea: amount to £5104 5s 5d, being at the rate of 14 per cent, pei annum. The sum of £753 Os lld has been expended oh im provements during the half-year. The balance-sheet showi that £27.263 10s 3d hos been realised on the sale of coals ; and expenses, wages, &o.;, £22,073 18s 6d ; the balance- sheet showins in favour of the company, £800814s ld. A meeting called by requisition, and signed by most of our influential merchants and residents, was held in the Court- house this evening, for the purpose of congratulating the Earl of Beaconsfield on the satisfactory termination of the late Congress. The chair was occupied by the Mayor (George Wallace, Esq.). The large room was well attended, there being about 300 persons present. The proceedings were exceedingly orderly, and each resolution was carried unani- mously. Alex. Brown, Esq., in an able speech, moved the first resolution:-" That this meeting, cordially sympathising with the general feelings manifested throughout the Aus- tralian colonies, desires to convey its sincere cordiality to the Right Honorable tho Earl of Beaconsfield, K.G.. and his colleague, the Right Honorable the Earl of Salisbury, K.G., who represented the Government of England in the late Congress at Berlin, and to congratulate them upon the successful termination of their labours in defence of the international laws of Europe, and seouring the blessings of peace, whilst nobly maintaining the honour and interests of the British Empire." E. A. White, Esq., in a speech during which he was frequently applauded, seconded the motion, which being put to the meeting was carried unanimously, and with much accla- mation. C. P. Stokes, Esq., moved the next resolution, " That the Worshipful the Mayor be requested to telegraph the foregoing resolution, on behalf of this meeting, to the Right Honorable the Earl of Beaconsfield." George Hewison, Esq., seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Rov. G. C. Bodo, in the absence of Canon Selwyn, moved the following resolution-" That this meeting, feeling truly grateful for the inestimable blessings of peace which have been secured by various agenoies through the everlasting providence of the great Creator and Governor of heaven and earth, being desirous that the whole community should have tho privilege of giving public expression to their thankful- ness, unanimously agree to instr neb his Excellency tho Governor that it is our earnest desire and prayer, that he should appoint at an early date, a Sabbath to be observed throughout tho whole colony as a day of solemn thankfulness to Him from whom all blessings flow." The resolution was seconded by the Rev. Mr. Coutts, and carried unanimously. Major Bolton next moved that the Mayor vacate the chair, and that Mr. Brown occupy it. This having been done, he moved a cordial vote of thanks to the Mayor for the able manner in which he had transacted the business of the meeting. The Mayor having responded, the chairman called for three cheers for the Queen, which was answered most lustily. The meeting then terminated. At' the Victoria Theatre, the Harwood troupe, by their clever performances, have succeeded in almost nightly drawing a full house. On Saturday night there was a crowded house, the play being " The Lancashire Lass." " The Octoroon " is now being placed on the stage, and well enacted. Mr. Rainford withdrew his Ghost on Thursday last, A Mr. Jacobs, said to be a son of the celebrated pro- fessor of that namo, opens at the Protestant Hall to-night, with a seance of legerdemain, ventriloquism, &o;,, &c.; 