?. ?! FEMALE DRESS. (Liberal Review.) To the ladies thoir dresses havo always boeb a subjoct of tho deepest ooncern, and tho ladies of to-day are noithor bettor nor worse in this respect than thoso . of ,' thoir Bex who lived in tho last generation, tho last century, or, indoed, at any other timo sinco the primeval fig loaves wore discarded. Durintr tho last two or threo hundred years tho femalo dress has undorgono nearly as many changes and modifications as thoro aro hairs upon the female head. The body has been long and short ; loose and tight fitting ; trimmed, and plain and baro ; hooked behind and hooked in front ; built up closo to tho chin, and cut down to — well, moro or lees inches below tho shoulder. Tho skirt, to-j, has passed through ovory gradation of 'fullness,' as woll aa of length. First, a littlo fullness at tho baok ; then, a little fullness at tho front ; then, a littlo fullness nil round tho waist ; and flinn *ntii.Ji fnllnnaa nviirvnh^Tii— -nn^ nil onnn In bo succeeded by exaot opposites ! And then, what of frills, tuclsfl, and flounces; gathers, plaits, and folds ; basques, kilts, and under skirts; polonaises, panniers, and aprons ; bows, buttons, borders, braids, and othor 'boauti. fiors;' sashes, gimps, and fringes, with all their multifarious adaptations ? Surely, thoro nevor was such an over-ohanging, inconsistent, whimsical thing in this world as tho skirt of a woman's dress 1 And as to the length of tho skirt. Well, Bometimes its longth has extended to a few inches below tho knoe, at othor times it haB been so long as to neces sarily trail the ground ; between these two extremes the length of tho skirt haB unceasingly graduated. Now, if tho satirical pencil thrusts of Hogarth and his compeers, Leech, and those of his time, were reaultless; if the faultless dic tion of Addison, the uncompromising and emphatic wit of Steele, the direct and pungent sarcasm of Pope, and the spiritual admonitions of divines like Bishop Berkeley were without avail ; if the squaro acres of space devoted by the old Tatler, Spectator, Guardian, &c;, to tho habilimcntary absurdities and extravaganoes of a past ago were so much waste of space and printers' ink, what hope of success can wo have in our tilt against female dress ? Irony, ridicule, and sarcasm are weapons whioh, as wehaveseen, have always proved innocuous ; but wo have an advantage over our predecessors bjcause tho tendency of female dross at tho present moment is, to speak with becoming mildneeB, slightly voluptuous. It is singularly strango that this should bo bo ; for, whatever bo the faults of tho age, the average English lady of to.day HiiO ?* DUUDU VI illVJVitDVJ U11U (*il UltUUIU^lUlUltMUij hatred of indeconey or anything that bears tho slightest resemblance to it which we boliovo haB nover been equalled and certainly never excelled. Upon these points, thorefore our modern English lady may be vulnerable, though for sarcasm and ridicule aho has supreme contempt. Now, a year or bo ago, tho skirt was full and ample, but the fashion was to tightly stretch the dress round the body, whilst a ridiculous ugly lump of dress Btuff was piled up and carried behind which gave the wearers the appearance of erect kangaroos. This fashion, neither lovely nor modest, has passed away ; but it has been succeeded by a fashion which if docidodly aesthetic is decidedly moro im modest. Wo do not desiro our ladies to envelope themselves as thickly and heavily as the ladies of Russia during a severe winter, or to make themselves resemble an engirdled feather bed, after tho stylo or the Esquimaux. We aro not anxious for thom to adopt tho Grecian underskirt, tho bloomer costume, or tho fuller trousers of tho Turkish' and Indian ladies ; arid wo heartly pray them to eschew tho more recent American cccontricity which Mrs. Mary E. Tillotson, of Now Jersey, ? described two years ago at the congross on female dress at Philadelphia, as tho ' comfort favouring, labour-lightening, life- preserving garmenture of dual form for the logs.' But wo do wish our ladies to dress in such a mannor that the words— indecent, sensual, immodest, voluptuous, cannot by nny process of reasoning, tortuous or direct, be justly used towards them. ; Now, tho two primary objocts of dress are warmth and decency ; with tho first we havo horo nothing to do, bat tho last namod is all, important to our ' present purpose. From ridiculous amplitude of skirt and bodice the ladies seem to bo fast flying to tho utterest extreme. Jackets, mantles, shawls, and wraps aro becoming rapidly scarce ; and it is the pre sent delight and ambition of our iucompurablo women, it would seem, to appear in the public streets in their ' figureB.' Fashion is a tyrant; a year or two ago it would have been deemed an utter impropriety for a lady to have been seen a hundred yards from her homo in her ' figure ! ' But, still, wo should not bo much objeot to tho present fashion if the '?figuro'_wore not displayed so very distinctly — every indentation or protuberance of the body is made to very plainly declare itself. At tho present moment, in fact, with tho tempera ture at fover-hcat, tho femalo attire is so attenuated and oloso clinging as to set off and display in tho minutest dotail tho wholo contour of the frame which it is ostensibly meant to veil. With every stop tho very working of the muecloB is palpably evident, and wo are almost persuaded that tho femalo por tion of society are beginning to practically believe in the adge that ' beauty unadorned is adorned tho most.' Modesty is relative. When we soo a fishwoman or chip girl forging forward with her heavy burden on her head, her hips swinging and her whole body oscillating with every step, we pity tho hard lot whioh com. pels hor thus to publicly exhibit herself— and that is all ; but when we see the portly matron of 'good society,' or the blitho and graceful young lady, unnecessarily exhibiting herself in tho publio streets in an analogous fashion, the sight appears to us exceedingly vulgar, and seems to bear a1 striking likeness to simple refinement of indecency. It has been said, written, and sung hundreds of times that tho lovoliest work of God is tho divine figure of a lovely woman, but this truth does not warrant Win oajiuduid Ol lyUU 1U1UU1U JUllil VUiU^bUllUBiy and toe barely olad. To oovor the body is ono thins:, to chastely and gracefully drape it is another thing entirely. Not only is the fomale dress of the present moment scant, tight, and baro, but it covers forms that are apparently of wonderful perfec tion. A faulty figuro can scarcoly bo desoried in the street now ! The tondoncy iB decidedly to embonpoint, with every bodily thing to mutch. This all makes tho matter worso. Whother somo of the perfect figuroB wo seo daily aro simply purumouiaung iaisnies, 10 wnat extent Lne females who walk about bo pronouncedly and symmetrically developed aro acting a lie, it is, of course, impossible for ua to say. A few days ago, however, it was our privilege to viow the stock-in-trade of a coreot-mnker, and. wo then Baw suoh a hoap of pads, of single and dual form, of all Bizos, colaurB, makes, and Bhapos, as was a rovelation to us; and now, overy timo wo meet ono of theso closely- trimmed, well dovoloped matrons, or damsels, wo cannot help wondering if tho form wo see bofore us is nil real, live flesh and blood, or whethor a very considerable portion of it is composed of horse hair, straw, or dried seaweed. Tun Princess of Walks and tub Ghosts. — When staying at Beatwood Park laBt August tho Prince and Princess of Wales drovo over to NowBtoad Abbey. In Iho absence of Mr. and Mrs. Webb, their two young daughters did. the honours of tho houso. Having inspected sun dry trophieB of Mr. Webb's Bkill usasportsmiin, tlio Prinoess asked to bn shown the Byron Kooms, and pavtiuularly tho ' Haunted Cham ber.' After expressing admiration at what Bhe had been shown, tho Princess rotnurkod : ' But whero is tho ghost ? A haunted room is nothing without a ghost' ; and theronpon bojrnn poking about with her narisol to find ono. Thoro is a recoss, in which part of tho bedstead standH,arid oontii uing to probo, bIio noticed a movement as of something alivo. All wore amazed ; whon proaontly out rushed a young woman and ran off, and then anothor Btond up, her fueo covered with her apron to hide hor confunion, to the great amusoment of tho Priuco and Princess. I Cheyennk (U.S.) is proud bocatise n wel^ known young lady of that town has made hor di'ltlt as a carponter and joiner. But that is nothing. Many of our most boauiiful young ladies hore, says the Daniurt/ News, are trained to swoop tho etroet j. 