TIN.. The ses. Truganini, 'whiclhi~irvd' at Hobart Town on, Saturday, had; 2337 bags tinn ore fromn .Goor:ge's' Bh y as follows- Ulion .180, WN.vrloy 204,. Blueo Tier140, 'Albert i120,'Buby 127, Mario:Looiae 220, 'Biuo Rivor 170, Emu 100, Comet :8, WVaratah.150,.D. B. & On. 35, GB17B Full F Moon 320;.RB 8; AWLS'M 44 ,'Lotta' 140, SOS' 8,' Ivy'lb, BHW'20, Wheal Taaman 32. Tinl OnciESEc FAMINe.-The Chinoso fatoine fund of Molbourno, of. whichl the mayor ia, treasuror now namount fto £2247 13a 10d. A list of additional con tributions, bringing up thi total ;to this sum, appears in our advertiinag columnsa Tie Mcr Lwme DEPUTATION.-aMr J. B. Davisoe secretary, and Colonel La Grey, directorofthe JAl::L.R. Com- at panyythd'long expested ddputation who oh areto settle the matters i disput between mi the Govornment: .itnd the Company, to arrived lby. the sies. frwentyyosterday o and were met by:Mr Cf H. Grant and sti conducted to the Brisbane Hotel. Tn the fo afternoon they inspected the Main Line th station and the workshops, etc., of the co L. and IV. Railway station, and then took on alrivi-rboiltd tho'toWn.-' The-deputation, H acco?mIpaniedl by Mr Grant, will leave for Ia the capital by a special train at 1130 a.m. we to-day, so that they-may have an oppor- re tunity, if desired, to inspect any portions of the line requiring special notice. or 3MISOELLANEA.-Mr V. T. Bell notifies: ell in another column that his advertise- AlI nidents for. stookc etc., will appear in thei hi Cormiall Chronicle on: Mondays; Wedies- SI diiys, and Fridayso'and in' the Exatniier 3, on the alternate days.-An, agent for ir Launceston is required for ;the Purified ol Coal and Coke Company, .allsend, pi N.S. Wales, and applications a's well as other communications are to be forwarded B to tllo Company at their works, or their b agent at 64 Flinders-street.-The second w anniversary tea-meeting of the St. John's' i Friendly Society will he held at the F Mechanics' hlall tofmorrow evelning--The a Finance Committee of the Church Society 1L will meet.at 11a.m. on Friday next. . , tl Rtecczveo,--We have' received by the d English inail W. W. Tickle aid Co.'s g Colonial Export Prices Current and Trade '1 Review forJunle 20; No..- 8 of the ' Pritithly GO?cltc, published at Coxacckio p on the Hudson, N.Y., for June i and F. ti W. Coson's wino e'circular for June 20. "i ;'AN ACOclDENT-A magnified report of. a serious accident on, board the Gem was i circulated, yesterday afternoon. On en- f quiry it transpir?d that the first mate of C the ,Geii' hiad received' i riither hard knock on the head whilst iti the hold from a coil of rope falling'on him," which had the effectof rendering that gentlemaun 1 insensible for a few minutes. llo, how- a ever, returned to his 'duties an hour t afterwards. t AN ENTERPRISINw FIRan.-WVO received by the English mail yesterday a catalogue f fronm lIosara Elolfs anod Co., of Parish t The alddress showed rather a vague idea c of where our " tight little island" really r is situiated. . Literally translated it runs -" Mr the Director, Laouncesto Exa?n, o ter,' Eastern Australia, an English pos session, Oceania." Messrs Elolfo and Co., furnish , privite collectors, nmusoums, seminaries, schools, etc., with cabinets of anatominil,, botanical, etymological, mi 'neralogical,' gologiocl, zoological, or any other" ogical". specimens in any number or to any value required. They also Qupply cdientifo eworks infcoinnection with any of the above subjects. From their catalogue their bhsieioss must be an exton esia one, as the collebtions comprise speci-. meons of almost every known country and the prices range fromi a cabinetf ot 25fr. (£1) to a museum of 6230 specimens price 9000fr..(£300). ' SourTReaN TASMANIAN POULTRY So CIETr.--A 'good many visitors from Launctsteo and surrounding districts pro .ceed to thoe capital to-day to be present at the. forthcolinig exhibition of the above society, which will will be hoeld in the Towli .Hall, Hobart Town, on to-inorrow and Thursday. The northerni poultry finciers aroe yoy well reiaresonted, there being twelve 'or nsoro exhibitors front Launceston, ono front Norfolk Plains and oribn from Pertlh, the lot having over a 'hundred oxhiblits atmooigst theain. REV. ''Jiiv N 'lINErT.- Thiat gentleman, ivlo iw'ts expectod bythe Dorwent yester 'day, ,'w t uniihlo to coeto as thte s.e. Alexiidira, Iy Whiich lied as a passenger front Sydney, l?aiehld Ifolboturno only an hlour before the Derwosnt left, lhaving boon delayed by the boisterous weatther. . In connqqutendo of this disappiointtiioet tlhe tea ineeting inttended to' be ]told iii Piince's Squaro.. -Congregational schoolroom to. morrow evening, lihas bcen postponed until iloitlay, ,eve?hig next, an half-past six o'clock. ACCIDENT -AT 'TT~NonRIDEo.-Wo .learn that mrnaccident occurred to a little fellow named Lodge, recently, two years old, residing at Tunbridge. His father was engaged cutting chaff-and the child wont itp td hint and quite innocently pult one of lhs hands to the knife of thte machino. 'lThe result was that the first joint' of the middleo inger.was cut off, and the ,fore. finger.injured,, The .father at once had the little sufferer conveyed to thie Campbell Town hospital, where le was attended to by DrLover.:, . . -MsInsron AT OHURCnc OF THE APOSTLES. -iYesterday the mission:, services were continued; , and.: Father- Loe -Menant preacthed in the. morning after tithe mass at ;eight o'clock, :.At noon:hbe held a service, and inthe evening; li again offi ciated.- Confessions wero- heardrfronm 10 to 12,. from 3..to 5, and after.tleoservice at night.- -ln the evening the chttrch was crowded, and the rev. gentleman preachoed ont ". Hell and its torments,", and thongh at times his accent militated :against him, lie 'discoursd in an eloquent, impressive, and convincing mnannor. T'o hymns wore sung (indoer thie conductorship of Mr A. Roper) in a pleasing mannner, viz. : "Vanity of Vanities,"and' "The Christian's Itarchl."FathlerLo Mfenant,onr readers may not be aware, is a French nobleman, and was, before his ordination to the priest hood, a captainin the Pontifioial Zouaves of Pius IX. This morning the rev. gentleman preaches on "Self Knowledge," at noonon"Contrition,"enid in thlevening on; " Dangerous Company." - , DETrn oF Imns'J. R. OCAr?FEY.-It is with great regret that we, Devon Herald, annbanecdthoe sudden death of IMts"J.'R.' Clialfey, of the Forth. Wee understand thmat Mrs : Chlfoey, had booeen unwell for some time, but appeared much better, and'?dt down to tea witli her:husband : wlio had jtst returnemd from Mount Bir cltoiff, on Wednesday e ,ning. So'n'tnirl sitting down; Mris Chaffoy saidd shei' felt -very sick, and whilst her Ihusband was carrying he r:to hote bed-room; she ox ,I pired. The deceased leaves two ohildren. :7 TuaE WaTrEnat,-The weather, during thie lhat few days hi'lt boont very wet, and thle rivers have 'iiollen-the. low-lying lands alorig the North Eskhbeing iin pairts ttider water. :' AG Latrobo our correspon. d oant telegrapha that the Mlersoy is floodedi ard that- two large breacltes Iaov belen tmido in the embankhmonts on.the road nea Meirsey' Bridge, as ivoell as isome smaller breaches, and it continues to mako hdvooe.of tho. contractora' work.- Tlle wqathler appears now to have broken, and we masny reoiasonably look for a spell of fine wn athcr.;~,: fnif .i i. r . ?i .. : , Ido(tT or: RQ&UESTs..-SOevOral; judg ment summonses were o disposed- of- in 'Ohainboers by hlis Hoaor the Comnmisslonor ydstoiday. Two cose :on the list had been settled out of court, and Roberts e. Dreozo, £4 074f riithl 2s od costs, was postponed to n'l0ttli inst. 'In Sparrow e. hatt, £7 5s d 'wvithi £1, 5si cdsts, dofendint Ihald pdid abart of the debt, ind 'tihe case was ad j.urned for a weck to enabloe hit to pay ntl lialance, £t 2s. In oHeald' ad Morrisonev. Mortitner, £1 8s attd 28 coats, I Mrh Greig dopiosd that defendantt was in Ihls employ eand could earn fromt 30s to £2 I aweoek. lo also gave a list of paymnnts made by him to defendant from 8th Junoe I to '10tlh Angust This case was also ad Sjourned to Mondoy next. . . D'AscY REu'sB TEHcERTAMIFc. Last evening the Pavilion was moderately attended, ,notwithstanding there wra a change of programme. The entertain. ment commenced with a spectral his. torictil romance entitled "Templeton," followed by the Phantom Christy Min strels;: These clever and unique per formances were very successfully gone through, and the evening's entertainment concluded with a most amusing sketch, entitled " The Ghost's Revels in the Haunted House," which created great laughter and frequent expressions of wonderment. The entertainment will be repeated this evening.. POLICE CouaT.-Yesterday there was only one case set down for trial on the sheet at this Court, over which the Police Iagistrate presided. William Jeffries was brought' ip -on- a clhrge `preferred by Sergeant Peters of having stolen os .June 3,-1878,' between four and five shillings froau the till of Mary Jane Bruff, landlady of tie Horse'and Jdckey Hotel. The prisoner was remanded till to-day. Coov? of BANIInmProY.-At the Court Hlouse yesterday two cases were brought before his Honor the Commissioner. One was an' application for his discharge by. Henry Bloch, under ithe" bankruptcy of H. and ML Bloch, at Latrobe, in 1871. At, a general meeting of creditors. hold.on 12th July a special resolution -was passed. that the' bankrupt' should be allowed his discharge, and the Commissihder therefore ranted it undeil the osuial condition?j 'he other ease .wasthat of P.. Dickens, of Westbury. . Mr Adye Douglasr who ap. peared for the bankrupt, explainmed that there were certain arrangebmnts-'hbeing made. ivit the..credit?ra ;hi eh. oiil render the appearance of the baikruppt unmnecessary.' 'The' Commissioner there-. forp adjourned the, casae'to thea 14th+ October. . Tau STOOK PEaD aWi Nw.--Tho D.er-, went, as mentioned in the telegram.re.. ceived on Saturday by/Mr 'OGbo. Fisher, had a very rdogh' paissage on her last "trip across to Melbourne, but we are inf6drned that the two horses which were lost were two of the draught brood moros shippedb" by Mr Symmons, and that the'most value able animals were landed safely, . One of the mares was heavy in. foal, aind the pair received such injuries from the knocking about the steamer encountered; thit they died as the vessel was going up'the Yarra, and were dead when lanided on the 'wharf at Melbourne. . . 