Alleged Exposures of Spiritu- alism, I To the Editor. BIB,-I perceive by the papers that attempts have recently been made to expose spiritualism by persons wno denounce all spirit mediums as tricksters and cheats, and who pretend to duplicate phenomena which they merely travesty and in a bungling sort of way imitate. A strong belief in your well known disposition to show fair play to all parties, induoei me to send you a letter on the subject for publication in the Town and Country Journal, Should you think it worth in- sertion in your valuable paper, I will continue the subject in ?. rother letter. The gentlemen who undertake to expose spiritualism by displaying a miserable travestie of the spiritual phenomena, generally style themselves professors, and I suppose they ara professors of something ; for now-a-days there are professors who cut, oil, and brush people's hair ; professors who pare people's corns and nails ; professors who make money by proving that spiritualism is true, and reverend professors who make money by proving that it is false. In truth, slr, there ate all sorts of professors, 6ome of whom are very queer fish ; but according to the views of decent people, no person is entitled to call himself a professor unless he hold! or has held office as a recognised teacher at a college or uni- versity. The professors I here refer to may be professors of this type, though I believe their names do not appear in any university calendar. One of these professors is tolerably well known to the spiritualists of America, who are unanimously of opinion that his most distinguishing attribute is that peculiar mental quality which is popularly called cheek. Hs says that he can duplicate all the spiritual phenomena and then utterly fails to fulfil his word. His entertainment, con- sidered simply as an entertainment, may be very good, but considered as an exposure of spiritualism it is an utter failure. The spiritual phenomena are not duplicated; they are only travestied and imitated in this entertainment. If proper tests were applied to this professor his little game would be spoiled, and by proper tests I mean those crucial tests which Intelligent spiritualists apply to spirit mediumi. Many tests applied to such mediums are not crucial at all, and it is from these non-crucial tests that the self-styled ex- posers of spiritualism select such as they can readily manage to evade. All the tests which these professors professi to apply have been shown to bo worthless os tests by the spiritu- alists themselves. Tin's will be apparent if we consider the nature of;the alleged spiritual phenomena, the lowest of which I shall here call *' Percussive and other allied sounds. William Crookes, Fellow of the Royal Society.writingaboui one medium, Miss Pox (now Mrs. Jencken), says tnat through that ladv's mediumship he has heard raps "ona living t ree, on a sheet of glass, on a stretched iron wire, on a stretched membrane, on tho roof of a cab, and on the floor of a theatre." Ho continues :-" Moreover, actual contact is not always necessary. I have heard these sounds proceed- ing from the lloor, walls, &c;, when the medium's hands ana feet were held-when she was standing on a chair-when sae wos suspended in a swing from the ceiling, when she was en- closed in a wire c.iore. and when she had fallen fainting on a sofa. I Lave heard them on a glass harmonicon-J. "». mit tnem on rn? own shoulder, and under my own hand«. I navo heard them on a sheet of paper, held between the fin- gers by a piece of string passed through one corner. With a tul1."now,ledge of the numerous theories which have been started, chiefly in America, to explain these sounds. I have tested them in every way that I could devise, until there nos been no escape from the conviction thatthey were trueobtec> tive occurrences, not produced by trickery or mechanical moans. In common with thousands of others, tho writer oan corroborate from his own experience some of Mr. Crooke* statements. I have heard theseraps myself under condition» willoh precluded all chance of them being made bymeonH" msm or ns a trick. My judgment is accustomed to distin- guish tho locality whonoe sounds issue when I hear them, ana I have never known it to be much deceived. Now, « ever I hoard a sound distinctly, I once at a oircle meeting beard a series of raps of a very peculiar quality, which, in answer to the question " Who are you?" spelled out tho nam« Benjamin Franklin. These raps occurred under my own Angers, tho medium sitting at the other end of a long »Die, to wbioh he previously had not had access. I have heard, in answer to questions, percussive sounds on the lloor of a1-0.0,"?; on the ceiling and walls of the room, on matting wilie» oovered the floor, on a violoncello which stood in one corner of the room, on tho back of a piano, and on the carved orna menta on the front of a piano, on a box, on the back of tua olmir on which I was sitting, and on a button on the fro""1 my shirt. In the latter case the button fairlv rang TtHJT raps. Kow, in all these cases, occurring in my own »pw ence, the medium, a private and truthful person, couia^nw», if evon disposed to do so, have made these raps asittn^ for the medium had had no access to tho room Prevlct'8'^e. the commencement of the seance, and the raps in most cw were made on objects which were boyond reach. l< arius* mnre anaiatfous phenomena have occurred in my own hear Va thfl presence of several other private persons, both hflisand gentlemen, whom I found by experiment to be "Iritmediums. Now, rapping and percussive sounds can made by mechanism, by e'ectro magnets, by unobserved none of these poi serotinyor tests ; whereas a true medium will submit to any reasonawe tests which inquirers choose to Impose. There »re, however, bogus mediums, who are not mediums at all, ?nd' not even spiritualists, who, in order to get money, make raps by trickery, and who are generally found out in nearly »ll «tses by the spiritualists themselves. It is also possible that a man may be both a medium and a trickster, and may mii up the phenomena produced by trick with the pheno- mena resulting from genuine mediumship. In such cases it jg very difficult to-separate the chaff from the golden grain of truth, and the best way to deal with ouch cases Is to set them aside as having no logical value. Yet in doing so we mn tie risk of rejecting along with the false that which may be mie. This we cannot help. There are plenty of cases wherein the sounds or raps are unquestionably genuine to lerve as a basis for argument. Beeinff, then, that percussive sounds are made under cir- cumstances which preclude all chanco of deception being practised, what logical value can any reasonable man attach to mere Imitations of such sounds ? Any man can rap with his knuckles on a table, or arrange a series of electro magnets in the walls of his house, or in other ways produce raps at will, and even can deceive spiritualists who do not test the matter, but trust to the man's honour when he assures them that tho said raps are not made by trick but by a spirit. By and by when he has thoroughly mystified and deceived his friends, he turns round upon them and denounces their proclivity to supersti- tion and their extreme silliness. They trusted to his honour »ni found It to be but as a broken reed. But what logical bearing can any deception of this kind have upon the real and tested phenomena of spiritualism ? It is clear, that the ame Is not worth the candle, and it is equally clear that hose who regard all spiritual phenomena as deceptions because some of them can be Imitated, are beyond the reach of argument. like a certain animal distinguished amongst the members of theEqaidic family by the length of its audi- tory organs they might possibly draw a cart, but beyond all question they are incapable of correctly drawing an infer tai Another class of phenomena Is that of the movement of ponderable bodies with contact but without mechanical exertion, and also the movement of such bodies without contact. The spiritual journals have for years been recording caiea of this kind. I could quote columns sf testimonies to this class of phenomena. I prefer however to state facts whioh I have witnessed myself. I have seen In a fully lighted roora, a table TUU across the floor, when asked to do io as a tut of a spiritual presence. No person in the room was touching it at the time. I have seen a chair placed on a table, rock at the word of command. I have seen a table float In the air, no one touching it, until the surface of it was horizontal with my chin when I was standing up. I have known Bmall tables to be broken by the force of moving them In these experiments. In the eases I refer to, there was no chance of the medium playing off a trick without being de- tected flagrante delicto. The medium was not in contact, and was seen by all parties present to be not in contact with the objects moved. Hundreds of cases of a like kind occur- ing in every country in the world, and amongst all classes of people, might be cited. Yet all these phenomena admit of being Imitated. Any one could pull a table along by a string, or wire, or rope, and cause it to rise from the floor by means of an iron rod thrust up through a hole in the floor, or by mains of wires let down from thc celling. Chairs and other articles of furniture might easily be manipulated by analogous means. But what possible connection can there be between such deceptions and the phenomena previously mentioned ? To argue that clumsy imitations of these phenomena, prove that the phenomena do not exist, 1B the acme of sillinoss. Mr. Crookes says : " On -five separate occasions, a heavy dining table rose Between a few Inches and 1£ feet off the floor, under special circumstances, which rendered trickery impossible. On another occasion, a heavy table rose from the floor, not onlv when noperson was touching it, but under conditions which lhad pre- arranged so as to assure unquestionable proof of tiiifaot." Hundreds of testimonies of alike kind could be taduced. Wore all these witnesses impostors labouring with all their might to lead men to believe a monstrous fie, or were they fools deceived by the clumsy craft of wicked con- jurors? He who can believe the affirmative of this question ought to beconsigned to the care of his friends. His swallow is large enough to toke in anything. Buch men are the natural prey of tricksters like the professor previously mentioned. No person possessing a moderate amount of brains or common sense, and having any practical knowledge of the spiritual phenomena could probably believe that they are all traceable to imposture or trick. A belief of this kind would Imply that hundreds, yea thousands, of private mediums who make no money by their mediumship, who occupy various positions In social life, and many of wham belong to the upper ranks of English society, are all engaged In a crusade against common sense-in a mysterious conspiracy to impose a worthless belief upon the world. Shade ol Juvenal you went into Elysium too soon. You onghtto be alive now on the earth; for were you here, you would find plenty of fools to scourge. " Let the Jew Apelles «lleve it" is just as applicable to the gudgeons who swallow professorial anti-spiritual tricks as it was to the credulous of your day I Writing mediumship is another way in which curious phenomena supposed to be spiritual occur. Excepting in extraordinary cases the phenomena which this form of rac diumshlp produces are always doubtful. I believe that genuine spirit manifestations 'do occur through writing me- diumship ; but, as in most cases they do not admit of being verified, and might be simulated, I attach but little logical importance to them. The forms of writing mediumship are various. In some cases the manifesting spirit impresses the mind of the medium with thoughts, and stimulates him to «press them in writing. Pacts of this kind do not admit of being verified, and hence are useless as a basis for reasoning. In other cases the organism of tho medium is used, or is supposed to be used, airectly by thespirit, the medium being unconscious of what his hand is writing. It Is quite clear that the medium is the only person who can know whether he is conscious or not whilst he is writ ing. In some cases the medium's hands write different messages at the »me time, whilst tho medium is conversing on some third «ubjeefc. To do .this as a trick would be very difficult although perhaps it would not be impossible. The logical value of phenomena of this kind is derived mainly from other crucial facts with which they are associated. Thus, pencils and pens not held In the hands of any one have been seen to write under the very eyes of the spectators, and in other cases luminous detached hands have been seeu holding «ie pen or pencil and writing. It is easy to deny all this, «¡na say that such things are impossible, and that the wit- nesses were deceived; but denials of this kind are of no value '""Surtient unless they are based on evidence. Such facts | Wear impossible to the denier merely on account of his .2»raDc.l' Writing mediumship, that is, veritable spirit « fl 7? tDi°"ßh the organisms of mediums, I believe to be ÎSbu,fcI cannot prove it to be a fact except by the aid of oujer facts with which it is associated, and which render the Tr»Tr , on "lodiumshlp extremely probable. snMt« me<iiimiship is another form or mode in which This f»re s,mP°sed to manifest themselves to the world. bein» .i" i°i me<"umship more than any other admits of in hisT Ï ted" 1 beiieve it has been simulated, vi: Wolf, «ccoràln»KfwV?pirlt"UM'sin' mentions instances in which, comm!,"-?! * own knowledge, lectures wera prepared, 8omR îr"l.to,me»iory, and theu delivered as trance oration*. lntern^lMdilicour8e8wh,ch 1 uave listened to contained also no««w-5?c?of having been prepared in thia way. It is throw, some Peculiarly constituted persons may itat7hnf i uSflves,int0 wllftt -A. J. Davis calls thc interior of self- «^W.nic,Uafter all may be nothing more than a stato l"aMnthu5» . somnambulism. And it is quite possible of the km!, t , the so-called trance speaker may make uso honestlr i,Sg? ,whlch he has previously acquired, and may »spirit M« LímBelf to bo controlled and dominated hy illustrAt'înn. mens,m an,i electro-biology supply numerous Wtlent inn«»of, eelf-deceptions of this kind, in which a Pfiece a m"" .ed to believe that "e is a lord, a duke, a elwira'riv»» f*. wa saint, and that water is whiskey, a 0'allkonnH.- iabon.cna tigress. These and other facts «* a »mnZ^i^y^'^Wß^en «»«ditions thc mind whichcitt.nm.1 6 tak,M on nny identity or accepts any belief Hay be sinmit n« 8 haPP£n to impress on it. Hence, a man him»elf to hnlJ^ . §a.Stt.8omnainb"liRt. whilst he believes ac«mnt for fl"p» ed, by a spirit. This hypothesis would 'We, andth« "f i,ncoberence of thought, thc similarity of étions, n f.!* ! "terory characteristics of many trance »besä tränen attach very little logical importance to pycliolog M 1 belieT they are very curious but- cousiderpH n« m0inal' a,nd ul'° wortliy of being studied, !alue is Dlmncf BPlrit,!°-l manifestations, their logical one rnn "niK Tbev c:in all ho simulated, can prepare a discourse, commit it to memory, close his eyes, and say that he is : inspired by a spirit. Mor is it always necessary for a tricksy trance orator to prepare a discourse for such displays. Many men and women possets wonderful volubility, and can speak extemporaneously for hours on a subject. I have often wondered at the facility with which Wesleyan IMethodist local preachers sometimes pour out a continuous flow of words for an hour or more in their sermons or speeches. The thoughts of these .gentlemen may sometimes be expressed ungrammatically, and their sermons may display much alli- terative redundancy, but the orator rarely breaks down for want of words ; his thoughts may be poor but his words are big. Barristers, too, can talk for hours on either side of a case, accordingly as they may happen to be retained. Borne members of Parliament, stump orators, and in fact all the members of the talking fraternity càn fspeok extemporane- ously on almost any subject, and for any reasonable length of time. Hence the ability of trance mediums to deliver leotures on subjects chosen by the audience is no proof that such mediums are inspired. The word trance applied to such cases seems to me to be a misnomer. In trance, as it is understood by physiologists, the [person lies as if he were dead, unable to speak or show any sign of life; whereas in somnambulism the 'person thinks, speaks and acts. Dr. Beard, of New York, in his work on trance divides trances into four different kinds, one of which is analogous to the state I call the somnambulic condition ; but this classification appears to he arbitrary, and tends to confusion, inasmuch as it uses one word to express four functional states of the organism which differ from each other as widely as possible. Toe phenomena known to spiritualists as the materialisa- tion of spirits, or apparitions of dead persons, or of the sem- blance of dead persons, has been much disputed. The evi- dence adduciblo in favour of the reality of such apparitions is so strong as to amount almost to a moral certainty. The evidence on the other side, when analysed, amounts to nothing stronger than a bare suspicion of trickery. A Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin, or a Mr. and Mrs. Somebody else, in order to obtain money, get up an entertainment in which the gentleman plays the showman and the lady the ghost. The lady rotires into a cabinet where she prepares herself for her part. If she is tied there, she knows how to get out of her bonds. No rope-tying, unless it be of a nature to hurt the tied person, can possibly secure an expert conjuror or conjurées. The lady dons a robe of white, flours her face, or perhaps washes it with a bismuth cosmetic lays on an extra dab of paint, and if she ls bald, as a Bald-one ought to be, she supplies that natural deüciency with a theatrical wig, and then emerges into view as the ghost of Katie King or of somebody else. The showman in the meantime points out how silly it is on the part of the deluded spiritualists to believe such an exhibition to be a manifestation by spirits. I partly agree with him. It would be intensely silly for any spiritualist to regard Mrs. Baldwin's exit from and return to the cabinet as a spiritual manifestation, and I am quite sure that no intelligent spiritualist ever did re- gard her exhibition la that light. The object aimed at by this silly ghost playing, is to show that all alleged spirit materialisations are got up in the some way, and thousands of the public, who know nothing of the subject, believe the statements and braggadocio of theconjnrer. Kow I unhesitat- ingly declare that the ghost playing of Mrs. Baldwin, and of other tricksters of alikestamp.no more resembles the real materialisation of spirits than chalk does cheese, and that it has no logical bearing whatever upon the subject. In proof of this assertion, I will select a few testimonies from a mass of others of a like kind. Here is the testimony of the hon- ourable Warren Chase, a well-known American gentleman. I take it from the report of a lecture by the honourable Warren Chase, in the New Church Independent for November, 1873\. Mr. Chase is reported as having said, *' The material- isation of splrit- fofms, is ono of the triumphs of spirits in showing themselves to mortals. Only three weeks ago I saw in the state of New York, two friends in the spirit world hand to hand, and faee to face, we met not eighteen inches apart. I saw their faces as plainly and felt their hands ss sensibly as if they' bad been in tue nesii. uno ot tnese menas was William White, deceased, of tho Banner of Light. If I ever saw him in my life I saw bim at this time. I could not be mistaken in that familiar face. I was not psychologised, I was not mesmerised, I was not blologfsed, or deceived by my senses in any manner whatever. I knew William White -I knew the pleasant gleam of his eye, and the old serene smile that played over his face. Nor was I alone in this re- cognition. A friend sitting near me exclaimed, ", Why that's William White.' " Yet, if we believe the professors previously referred to, this was all a trick got up by some bogus medium in order to deceive Warren Ohase. The next testi- mony I take from Mr. W. Orooko's work on spiritualism. After describing many facts harmonising with and corrobo- rating the following, he says :-"I went cautiously into the room, it being dark, and felt about for Miss Gook. I found her crouching on the floor. Kneeling down I let air into the lamp (a phial of phosphorised oil), and by Its light I saw the : young lady dressed in black velvet as sho had been in the early part of the evening, and to all appearance perfectly senseless ; she did not move when I took her hand, and held ' tho light quite close to her face, but continued quietly breath- ; lng. Raising the lamp I looked around and saw Katie standing close behind Miss Cook. She was robed in flowing , white drapery as we had seen her previously during the seance. Holding one of Miss Cook's hands in mine and still kneeling. I passed the lamp up and down, so as to illuml- , nate Katie's whole figure and satisfy myself thoroughly that , I was really looking at the veritable Katie whom I had . clasped in my arras a few minutes before, and not at the . phantasm of a disordered brain. She did not speak, but moved her head and smiled in recognition. Three separate i times did I carefully examine Miss Cook crouching before ; me, to be sure tliat tue liana i neiu -was mat of a living woman, and three separate times did I turn the lamp to Katie and examine her with stcdfast scrutiny, until I had no doubt whatever ot her objective reality." Taking this fact and other allied facts narrated by Mr. Crookes into consideration, we must either suppose that Mr. Crookes and nil his family and visitors saw a supra-mundane apparition, or else that Miss Cook, a young unmarried girl, who waa on a visit at the time, introduced another woman unknown to every one of the witnesses into Mr. Crookes' own house, and kept her there for some weeks, providing her with food and drink (for even a lady playing ghost must have her tea and dinner), along with means of ingress and egress to and from tho house, sleeping accommodation, &c;, without either Mr. Crookes or his wife, or any of his children or servants, having any knowledge of che presence of such a woman in the house. If we adopt tho hypothesis of imposture to explain tho alleged fact, we must further suppose that the woman who was playing ghost was able to vanish in a second or two out of a room tho only door of willoh opened into a lighted apart- ment in which the circle was sitting, and that sho did vanish in this way whilst the only door opening into the apartment was watched. Now, courteous reader, I do nob mean to insult you when I say that if you can believe that Miss Cook could carryout an impossible imposture of that kind, your swallow Is'wide enough to take in the Ganges. .Further proofs, Sir, on this, point, I reserve for my next letter. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. _EPSILON. 