ST. PATRICK'S DAY. The celebration of the anniversary of St. Patrick revives in ev ery Irishman'3 breast thos8 fealings of attachment to country which are second only ia depth of sincerity to his religious convictions. With grateful pride we tolse this opportunity of congratulating' our countrymen on .the increase o2 patriotism which it would appear accompanies eacn recurring jl awu-ii a Day. ' Whether in prosperity or adversity,, the sops and daughters of Erin exhibit on this memorable occasion, both in appearance . and conduct, that buoyancy o£ spirit and pride of nationality which ren ders them peculiarly singular ta the eyes of strangers. Ireland in her misfortunes is more dear to the Irishman's heart at the present time, than in the dayo . of her independent prosperity, when, lior children were recog nized as the members of one of the nations of the earth, and the appearance o£ tbe immortal Shamrock on the approaching festival will evoke from patriotic become at homo and abroad a fervent prayer that the days of her oppression may be short and the hour of her triumph bo nigh. ;!reland'G apoatle and greatest banefeotor was, according* to the most reliable historical records ?born at ' Nesrpthur, in Arsnorib Gaul. Mia -father-, FropitiuG, visited in an official capacity Aicluid, now named. Bambcrten, in Scotland, and may havo rem&iaGd; thd'a for some time in con» aeefcion with the withdrawal of the Eoman legions. His mother, Coacheana, is distinguished ss ;being the immediate relative,, if not ? the aicfar, of tbo illustrious St.- Germanus, under W&O08; religious Inateaction .and example her son Patrick was fortified to undertake tho conversion of Ireland. The recall of the legions was an infallible sign oi- Roman decay, and the pr6o dstory disposition, of our ancestors was not'slow ia ' taking advantage of this weakaess. Accordingly in one of thoae piratic expeditions to the north of France, at the time bo common, the youthful Patrick was torn from his mothe arms and sold as a slave to a 'Pagan maB^61' in Antrim. The best chronological ac counts 'record his servitude of unusual severity as having commenced in the year 400, terminating after a lapse of sis years. This term of tribulation was not, however, without its advantages, as it enabled the future saint to andrcustoms which was afterwards directed to such glorious purposes. His period of exiled misfortune now drawn to a cloae, aa ho is ad° aaohished in a vision to leave his master and retui'B to his native land. He obeys the Divine summons and after encountering many dangei3 i3 restored to his home and the arms of his mother. He was not, however, destined to remain for any time in this position, as the voice of the Irish entreating the holy youth, to come and walk amongst them had thrilled the heart of the great-souled Apostle ; and enlightened, strengthened, and comforted by the revealed in. tereessrion of the Holy Ghost, he generously .re^ solved to return onco more to the land of Iiio bon dage. In preparation for this mission he studied the Bacred sciences under his relative, Sfc.Marfcia of , Tours, in the famous monastery of St. Lerins* and after eighteen years' religious training under this holy man and St. Germnnurj, Bishop ;o£ Auircrre, lie proceeded to Rome, nnd was coxtrao crated by Pop a Ceiestme in the preuonco of the ? Emperor Theodosiua and Gfe, Gormauup. Affcex thin lie forories-his paternal home and the. ear neat entreaties of . his ; relatives So find a better r.nd holier Hold in tho dcvototl love oi: a brave gouerous, .and hospitable people. Patrick arrived m, Ireland in the ypai* 432 to pj;e:ieh tho precopfca o% faith and raligion to the Western Celt, and tho success of his Eaiasion was early manifesto d by the gradual extinction o£ tho demon of idolatry, and the erection in its stead of the Cross of Christ, Our Patron . Saint celebrated in this year tho Easter rifceo at Tar a, the strongs hold of Paganism and Druidiam, and tho pacchal fire kindled by him on Easter Eve at the Hill of Slane alighted a religious Same which will never bo extinguished. Whilst in almost every other land the seed of Christianity was planted in tumult and wet with the life's blood of its Evangel, in Ireland it was received in peace and acknowledged with gratitude, {[from Tara where he began his mission, to where he closed it, in his monastery of Sabbul, under the shade of the ancient Palace of Emania, full of years and sanctity. Tho career of St. Patrick was one of unprecedented and incomparable triumpht Kings, warriors, aages heard him and believed, many of whon, inspired by his example, de voted themselves to the propagation of the Gospel, and went forth to deliver to others in darkness tbe glad tidings they had received The print of their sandals cau yet be traced over many a rugged path ; stormy soao, lofty mountains, bridgoless rivers, pathless forests, presented no permanent barrier to their zeal. In the wilds of the Western Isles, among the Alps, in the forests of Germany, the plains of America, in Italy, as well as away in the icy fastnesses of Norway and Swedena farther than the march of the Boman legions, or the sweep of and stiil conquering, and to conquer, their suc cessors continue that apostolic miesion. As to the manner in which Ireland has preserved the teachings of St. Patrick through persecution fierce as the forest fires, ib may be said that as long as constancy is regarded as a meritorious I attribute, fidelity to principle an exalted virtue, and fortitude to Buffer persecution for the right of conscience an emulation of the sublimest examples, the steadfast adherence of the Irish people to the faith of their fathers will challenge the admiration of mankind. ' St. Mary's Cathisdeal Building Fund.— .The meeting of Sunday night was presided over by E2r. 3?. M'Dermott, Joint Stock Bank, and on the platform with him were Dr. M'Donngh, Eo J. Blanchard, J, Head, and Mr. James Curtis. In our report of the monthly meeting we should have said, that tho Cathedral district was not up then to its usual form, on account o-: the nou=appearanc9 of some of the local collectors, in placo of all the collectors. Messrs. J. Blullins, J.P., and E. J. Hollingdale were in their usual places, and expressed satis* faction with the collection of the evening. -Higher Education. — Since the closing of Lyndhurat College we have anxiously watched for the mode of its replacement, and we are now, we are happy to say, in a position to uuuouucb iuat- me rojjiuuHutiiiuve os vue jeomc Order is at present in the city, providing for the opening of a seminary in a place not only suit able in itself, but at the same time so central as to be within easy access to the children of the Catholic parents of the town and its suburbs. The Rev. J, Dalton is at present a guest of the Archbishop, by whom he has been most cordially received and entertained. The College, when built; on the North Shore — as it will be soon — as coon as the work can be carried out, will be apart from the Seminary, and shows a determination on the part of tho Fathers, as well as on the part of the Archbishop, that the interests of higher education are not to be neglected in. the city. Already, we are informed, numerous applications have been made in behalf of in tended College students from various parts of this colony, as well aa from the neighbouring oneoa Probably resident students may bo ren ceiyed in the Seminary until the College is built ; and if this be so we 'will pronounce it a great happiness, and a[jboon to parents who are desirous of the opportunity of having* their children under the able intellectual supervision and training of a body of teachers renowned throughout the world for the brilliant suc cesses that have distinguished their work in this re3pect. Clongowe's College, near Dublin, and Stonyhurst, in Englands are household words in the mouths of Catholic parents throughout the British dominions, and may it be so with the one to be started in our midst, as it unerringly will, under the services and perseverance of the sons of St. Ignatius. Father Dalton returns to juuioourne hbxd wewis, ami nicer staying1 mere a i'ew weeks will return, accompanied by the Fathers who are to be located in the city. We are convinced that it will give ineffable plea dure to our readers to hear that the well- known and much esteemed Father Kelly will form one ox the otals of the teachers that are to reside ia Sydney. Work will commence immediately .after tbo Eacter holidays. rj; Father Sheridan, of the Cathedral, has re. quested ua to acknowledge with sincere thanks iha receipt of a purca of sovereigns, presented to him privately by the members of that portion oi Ct. Mary's district to which he ia attached, c'a tho ocsaoion of Mo return home from a i yiiodonaiy visit to the Braidwood district. \7e have beon obliged to keep back till next f/eek a pastoral letter from his Lordship the Bishop oi' Goulburn 5 addreasen prenanted to | Archdeacon Cooko, at Kockley and Teapot py/amp, v.nd to Eatlior Hov/itt at Araluen 1 also f:n important letter on the education queationa from our esteemed correspondent, P. D., and eaverai eoniiauaications received too lats for publication in this issue, 