OUR AMATEUR THEATRIC A US AT BOOLONa. lie jests at sears mho necer/elt a moaitd — Romeo. One of tbc most awful recollectious Mr. Banbury Cross, of Boolong, bad of bis youthfal days, be used to declare was when he made his first and only appcar.ance as |an actor at a private amateur theatrical entcrtainiucat atjhis own house in Boolong. Hejfor some unknown reason, nad conceived that he was horn to he aii /actor— to tread the boards like the.great Garrjck ami the eldci' Kean- — Imt it was, foolLsh notion, soon knocked out of his head after his peculiar dohut. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney managers Unwilling to give A perfect novice with blearing red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several- theatres, he 'resolved to "take the hull by the boriis"' .and get np'a company of bis own down at his.place at Boolong. He 'went to enormous expanse in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having scenery painted— for Banbury was determined to do the thing yeli and in, tip-top style. He got together a kind of scratch company, -many of them like hiinselC, raw am bitious amateurs,- eager " to fret their hour upon the stage," and one or two see ly outcasts of the profession'; and he looked forward to the production- oE his peC play, " Hamlet,?' himself the Prince, Avith much excitomont, not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after .about a month's constant rehearsal; were .pretty perfect in their woi'ds. before the curtaih vveiit up, 'but .after it did most of them forgdt them. The scenery hitobcd ; the Ghost was- intoxicated, and the likewise ; an amateur, burst- into a nervous fit of tears' before she said .a dozen linbs. : Banbury was roared at by. the local personages who assembled to assist' at. the am.dteur perfOrinauoe. But this Avas not the worst/ for Banbury found that Avhcn the bills came in, the expense was .twice as lai'ge as ho had expected, and be could hot meet them. " The fellows," he u.sed to say, " allowed -me to have Avhateyer 1 wanted on credit, because they kneAv that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method ist, Avould pay them, but 1 kuewvery avcII be would do no such thing, when he found they were for theatrical trap pings, for if there was one thing he held In 'abhorrence it Avas the theatre." What Avas he to do ? His uncle Avould disinherit him, turn him out pE the house he had furnished for him, and send him adrift on the Avorld. What Avas he to do ? His creditors would not aa'ait and he Avould be a miserable pauper. : But for all this he did nob lose his house, and' Ms poor uncle's fortune is in the 'bank in bis name, thanks to the timely aid oE bne mho is a frienU to the drama as well as to the rest of, the morld, Avho advanced him the needful.; Need we say his .name. No ; all know him I But we raa'' as Avell romiirk it was the champion of the distressed, , ; ' , ' DAVID HENRY, oE 52 Collins street east, Who has from iio to\£ 10,000 to lend oR notes of . hand, bills of sale (with or Avithout security), salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of -lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, on expected remittances,' or on moneys per sons may bo entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers/ j Bills discounted daily at the lowest fate of interest, and I mortgages from 6 per cent. I 