QUE CITY LETTER. pBVom own correspondent.^ Adelaide, August 24. I was very much annoyed at the unaccount able delay in my report of the rabbit deputa tion. In order to send you as much as possible on Wednesday evening I took twenty minutes longer to write after the closing of the mail at the Post- Office, and sent the copy with a late fee stamp on by my clerk to the train. He posted it in the late-letter-bag hanging at the station after having ascer tained from one of the guards that it was correct to do so. The letter was bagged at 25 minutes past 4, five minutes before the train started; how was then that instead of its reaching you that evening it did not arrive until next morning, marked " too late" ? Was the late-fee bag forgottten or not thoroughly shaken out ? It was very vexing to have six hours of my time wasted and all my extra labor thrown away, when I had done all I could to meet your wishes. A very fine show of poultry, pussy cats, and fancy dogs was held at the Town. Hall on Friday and Saturday. The crowing of the cocks was a " caution to cats," and caused such a confounded concert that pussy with her canine friends preferred reposing in peace on the balcony of the building to re maining in the body of the Hall. The game fowls and cochins were especially fine. There was also a splendid collection of canaries and of pigeons. The South Australian Poulty Society is evidently progressing in public favour, though the postponement of the Mayor's popular concert this evening in consequence of the show will not please everyone. We are still well supplied with amusements in Adelaide. Mr. Creswick at the Theatre Royal is about concluding his engagement, and takes his benefit and makes his conge on Monday night. At White's Boom, Eainford's exhibition of ghosts is sufficiently sensational to attract large audiences, and is a very clever optical illusion. The appliances are too bulky to be carried about the country, so that the Company will not visit the Provincial towns. The manner in which ghosts are made to ap pear on the platform and as suddenly to dis appear is extraordinary, and decidedly "ghostly;" they come like shadows to de part" in one sense, but in another their sud den appearance and disappearance is still more extraordinary than that of shadows from un seen objects. The exhibition is well worth a visit. Madame CarlottaTasca, K.S., A.R.A.M., the eminent pianiste is giving a series of con certs in the Town Hall, the second of which takes place on August 27. There has been some talk lately amongst those persons who are not friendly to the squatters or to the Government about the un fairness of granting the squatters forty-two years' leases of runs, in the interior. But the question is not put fairly in this way; the proposal of the Government was not to grant leases for forty-two years right off, but for fourteen years, with the chance of two renewals for a like term, three fourfceens mating up the forty-two years. This scheme was proposed with the view to encourage the settlement of the remote interior country at present utterly unproductive and worthless, and on which thousands of pounds must be expended, at the risk of loss, before anything can be done with it. But even then provision is made for resuming the country after three years notice on paying fair compensation, so, after all, though the proposed arrangement is more equitable for the squatter it does not alienate the public lands for forty-two years, but gives the Government the right of resumption at any time within three years, merely securing equitable compensation for the squatte. The news of the last sale of South Austra lian copper in. London is very depressing to our mining interest; 766 tons of Wallaroo copper at £69 18s. per ton (average), and 152 tons of Hurra at £68 12s. 6d. is too low to leave a profit. It is sometimes asked how it is that Burra copper continues to bej pro duced so long after the mine has ceased working. The answer is that the term has become a generic one in England, and is em ployed to designate all South Australian copper ^whieh does not not come from Wal laroo. The quality of the metal differs ac cording to the kind of ore from which it is produced, and the ore differs in various locali ties. Yorke's Peninsula supplies a tougher and rather superior quality than most other districts in the colony. The presence of certain ingredients or matters in connection with the ore affects the quality of the copper. It is a very serious thing to have so large and important an industy as that of mining sub jected to such a heavy check as it is now suffering from. Our exports of copper and copper ore have reached over three-quarters of a million sterling, and thousands of hands have been employed in mining in the colony, but at the present time there must be a great reduction in both the items. It is especially unfortunate just now when the construction of the Port Augusta railway, which has been so long looked forward to as tending to aid in the development of the great mineral wealth of the north, is being carried out. Of course it is possible that the copper market may take a turn for the better within the next year or two j but in the meantime it would be well for South Australia if any means could be devised to lessen the cost of production, or by manufacturing sheet copper in the colony to make more profit out of the metal. Another matter has been more than once suggested in connection with the smelting of the ore, and many years ago I strongly advo cated it, and that is the manufacture of sul phuric acid at the smelting works. Before leaving tlie subject of mining I may mention that soon after the Port Augusta railway was commenced some 'cute adventurers applied for on every cutting that was laid down on the plan of the line. I believe their appli cation was not immediately granted, and I bad almost forgotten the matter, until quite recently, when I was reminded of it by being informed that they had secured the claims. It certainly was a very smart thing to do, wortbv of a Yankee, because they will get their prospecting done for them when the cuttings are made. The proprietors of the claims are now advertising a sliding scale of rewards for the discovery of copper in the sections referred to. T The Hon. John Colton is much better in health than he was ten days ago,^ but it is rumoured that the doctors advise a voyage to England as absolutely necessary for his com plete restoration, and it is said the hon. gentleman will probably resign his seat in the House of Assembly immediately. I hear also that the medical advisers of the Rev. S. Knight, the respected ex- Preeident of the Wesleyan Conference, have recommended a similar trip as most important for the sake of his broken health. Should he act on this advice he will carry with him the best wishes of the whole Wesleyan body, and I am glad to learn that his friends in Adelaide have begun to make arrangements to prevent Mr. Knight from feeling too seriously the expenses necessarily attendant on a voyage to England and cessation for six months or more from active duty. There is no doubt whatever that persons who are incessantly engaged in mental labour, especially in the colonies, stand in need of relaxation or rest every few years. I feel it J myself but unfortunately not being in the , position of an ex-Minis tier of the Crown, or even a Wesleyan Minister, but being only, as j my respected friend Mr. Coglin calls me, " a classically educated, angelical featured, noctur : nal stipendiary scriviner," I can't afford a | holiday. Speaking of the need for rest, Mr. | John Darling is taking up the cause of poor | "Bobby," and intends to move that the police constables shall have at least half a day of rest during the week. All honour to the worthy M.P. who if he succeed, as I hope he will, may hereafter be known as " Bobby's Darling." I heard a rather good story lately illustra ting the ease with which some of the un thinking portion of the community may be gulled by clap-trap. We have heard a great deal of balderbash about the proposed pro perty and income tax being intended to " tax the hard earnings of the horny-handed sons of toil." The wife of one of our leading city tradesmen overheard a couple of scavengers who were cleaning the yard talking something in this strain, and denouncing the Govern ment for going to stick the taxes on to the poor man; they quoted a sentence or two from a speech of our geat reformer, the " poor man's and farmers' friend," and asked Mrs. if she did not think it was hard lines to make the likes of them pay an income tax. The good lady astonished them by saying " ISo, not if they had such incomes as would be liable to be taxed." Theyjwere quite sur prised to learn that only a man's income over and above £200 a year would be taxed, but took time to think over what she had told them. The next day that they came round they thanked her, and said they "felt kinder ashamed to leam politics from a lady, but some o' them Parliamentary coves tried to make a feller believe anythihk." The report on the present appearance of I the crops is generally satisfactory, but some of the warm drying days we have had lately | make people sight for more rain. The Areas Express speaks of a splendid crop of 600 acres in the Hundred of Palmer, the wheat measuring 4 feet 6 inches in length. j A terrible accident occurred on Thursday j afternoon at Stonyfell, Messrs. Clark and j Crompton's vineyard, about five miles to the j east of Adelaide. A man named William j Pittman, who had been in Messrs. Clark's j employ for twenty years, was engaged repair- , ing the brickwork of an old well. A stage j was fixed at a depth of about 20 feet from the j surface, and Pittman had been at work on it, ' and was being drawn up to the surface when | the sides of the well caved in and he was thrown to the bottom. Great efforts were made to extricate him, though the hopes of getting him out alive were very faint, and in about twenty-four hours his body was got out from a depth of thirty feet, much cat and bruised about the head by the falling stones. The poor fellow has left a widow totally un provided for, and seven children, some| of whom, however, are grown up and earning their own living. 