? COKGEATCLATIONS TO Ei.ni. BEACONSFIELD.— In response to a requisition signed by 138 ratepayers, His Worship the Mayor has called a meeting of the citizens of Adelaide for to-morrow evening, to consider the proposal of taking steps to congratulate the Earl of Beaconsfield and his. colleagues on the success of their policy on the Eastern question. BASK CHANGE.—It is stated that Mr. Alexander, Manager of the English and Scottish Bank at Moonta, has been appointed to succeed Mr. Ridings (transferred to Mount Gambier) at the Kapunda branch of the institution. CHUDEEH'S HOSPITAL.—The Hon. Treasurer of the Adelaide Children's Hospital has received the sum of five guineas from the Port Adelaide Carters' Association, being a donation to the funds of the institution. MERCANTILE MABENE INSURANCE COMPANY.— At the ninth annual meeting of this Company, held on Tuesday morning, the report recommending the payment of a -bonus of 2s. and dividend of Is. per share on the year's operations was adopted. The retiring Directors, Messrs. R. Barr Smith and S. Cornish, and the Auditors, Messrs. James Storrie,and Wm. Mair, were re-elected. THE HOUJFABT BAT RAILWAY.— It was intended by the Glenelg Corporation to hold a special meeting to consider the Bill to authorize the construction of the proposed Holdfast Bay Railway, but {owing to copies of the Bill not having been received by the Town Clerk the meeting was postponed. THE BUDGET SFBHCH.—The Treasurer will make his financial statement to-day in t'x* House of Assembly. THE LEGISLATIVE COTJKCIL.—Clause 12 of the Constitution Act provides that "if any member of the Legislative Council shall far two consecutive months of any session of the Legislative Council fail to give his attendance therein without the permission of the Council, his seat shall thereby become vacant." Four members of the Council—Messrs. Elder, English, Everard, and Storrie—have all been absent from the colony during the present session, which was opened on May 31. The two months of non-iitendance will therefore expire on Wednesday, but we believe it is probable that the resignations of the honourable gentlemen, which they have left in charge of their fellow-membars, will be handed in to the President to- day. A GHOST STORY.—The Kapunda Herald, tells the following ghost story at the expense of one of our members of Parliament: " A well-known member of Parliament recently called at sheep station in the Far North, intending to spend a few days there. On arrival he found the gentleman who was to have been [his host absent, but was most hospitably received by the ladies of the family. It appears that this head station has by some means acquired the reputation of - being haunted, a reputation which in the home country usually attaches itself only to very old castles and other feudal residences. In the course of the evening the conversation chanced to turn on this subject, our worthy legislator pooh-poohing the idea and expressing liis utter disbelief in such stories and his profound contempt for such ghostly visitants. In due course the party broke up, and retired to their respective couches, but not all to sleep the sleep of the just, for just about the witching hour oE midnight our worthy legislator was awakened by the shaking of his bedstead, and on looking sat? at his bedstead the veritable ghost—a very tall figure dressed in white. Fear seized his troubled breast, and he was therefore unable to seize the ghost, which in a moment glide 1 noiselessly away. In the morning he was up betimes, both looking and feeling very pale. One of the ladies of the family on meeting him remarked on his careworn appearance, and he sought relief to his troubled feelings by pouring into her sympathizing ear his sad tale of woe. The lady did her best to calm him, and begged him not to mention the fact to her sister (who by the way was much taller than herself) lest it might seriously upset her, as she was so nervous. One singular feature in the affair is that despite tha worthy M.P.'s contempt for ghosts he did not care to risk a second interview with the figure in white, but somewhat ungallantly framed an excuse for at once bringing his visit to an abrupt conclusion." ABORIGINES' FRIENDS' ASSOCIATION.—A meeting of the Committee of the Aborigines' Friends': Association was held in the South Aus tralian Company's Office, North-terrace, Monday; July 29. There were present Mr. C. B. Young (in the chair), and Messrs. H. Ham mond, H. Hussey, J. Pickering, sen., Jas. Scott and C. J. Holder (Hon. Sec). The Secretary reported that during the year just closed the revenue had been £1,668 (an excess upon the estimate), and that the approximate expenditure, including an amount of £370 for purchase of sheep, exceeded the revenue by a few pounds; also that 90 acres of land' had been put under crop for the coming harvest, the prospects from present . appearances being good. It was resolved that it being felt desirable that the Association be incorporated, the Rev. F. W. Cox, Mr. Hussey.'and the Hon. Secretary, be a Sub- Committee to -take the steps necessary for the attainment.<?f this result. WRECK HEAR SYDNEY.—The following information has just been received from Sydney by Mr. Todd :—" I am informed by the Stationmaster at the Bellinger River that the schooner Blaekall in attempting to cross the bar inwards this morning got on the North Beach, and is reported to be a total wreck, but the crew are safe." POONA MIMING CO.—The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders ia Company was held at the Company's Office, on Tuesday, July 30, Mr. James Harvey in the chair. The attendance of shareholders was small, but over 2,200 shares were represented. The Chairman moved the adoption of the report and accounts, which was seconded by Mr. W. S. Douglas, and carried. The accounts showed that the expenditure for the half-year had been £775 12s., which had been met to within £40 by calls and sales of ore. THE TEEOWTE RAILWAY.—A deputation, consisting of Messrs. A. & J. Aitchison, Williams, and T. Hntchins, and eight members of the Assembly, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. G. C. Hawker) on Tuesday morning, July 30, in reference to the Terowie Railway. The primary object of the deputation was to ask the Government to have a ppopsr survey made of a line from Orroroo running southland west of the Coomooroo Hill, and so on in a northerly direction to strike the Port Augusta line at Pichirichie. It was pointed out that this route would be preferable to the one adopted by the Government, which went in a more easterly direction through Coonatto. Mr. Bright, MJ?., and Mr. Cooke, who were members of the deputation, expressed their opinion that the settlers in the Northern Areas would be better served by a line running southward to the Port Pirie and Gladstone railway system. The Hon. L. Glyde said the difference of opinion among the people interested showed the necessity of referring the whole matter to a Select Committee, as he had siready suggested in the House of Assembly. The Commissioner promised to consider the views of the deputation, and agreed with them that the route to Orroroo would have been the best if the country to the eastward had not to be considered. But there was a large extent of agricultural land eastward of the Walloway Ranges which'would be served by the railway to Coonatto, and therefore the Government had adopted it, the ruling gradients being about the same on each line. EVANGELISTIC SEEVICES.—An " all day" meeting connection with the close of Mr. Henry Varley's evangelistic visit to Adelaide was held in the Flinders-street Baptist Lecture Hall on Tuesday, July 30. The meetings began at 10 in the morning, Ths first hour was devoted to the subject of praise, wl ich was introduced by the Rev. J. G. Wrigbt. From 11 to 12 o'clock the question of " how best to study the Bible" was considered. Mr. Variey, who presided, delivering an interesting address thereon. The next hour was occupied by short speeches on how to conduct our prayer meetings. The Rev. Osric Copland initiated the subject. The lull was crowded throughout all th services, and ministers and laymen of nearly all denominations took past. PROFESSOR LAMB'S LECTURES.—The fifth oE Professor Lamb's lectures in connection with the University of Adelaide was delivered, at the Sooth Australian Institute on Monday evening beloi« A fairly numerous audience. The subject was " Tides," ana the learned lecturer in a clear and simple manner explained their causes, the effect of the moon's influence on them, and the semi- diurnal, diurnal, and fortnightly inequalities of the ocean. He illustrated by means of diagrams how the attraction of the moon not only causes a protuberance of the ocean on the side of the earth nearest to the moon, but attracts the earth itself, although in lesser degree, out of its course towards the moon, and thereby produces in still lesser degree a protuberance of the ocean on the side of the earth furthest from the moon. The lecture proved very interesting, and seemed to be thoroughly appreciated. Professor Lamb will deliver the last lecture of the series next Monday. The subject will be " Magnetism and the Compass.' POET AND SUBURBAN TRAMWAY COMPANY.— The first half-yearly meeting of the Port Adelaide, Queenstown, Alberton, and Portland Estate Tramway Company was held at the offices of Mr. G. B. Selth, the Secretary, at Port Adelaide, on Monday afternoon, July 29. The Mayor (Mr. D. Bower, M.P.) presided, and there were 20 shareholders present, representing 2,460 shares. The report, which gave a resume of the progress made, ran as follows:— " The' first thing to be done was the appointment of an Engineer, and Mr. Hamilton wai chosen. Mr. Campbell had also been appeinte 1 to superintend the construction of the tramway. The necessary surveys were made and laid before Parliament, and the Bill was carried through both Houses. Mr. Murray, a member of theifirm of D. k W. Murray, a shareholder in the Company, being about to visit England, was instructed to purchase the rails and other material for constructing the permanent way. The rails have been purchased at £5 12s. 6d. per ton, and are noir on the water in the Barossa, which vessel , may be expected early in September. Mr. M. C. Davies's tender for sleepers being the lowest was accepted—the cos' of same being £951 6s. 0dL The carriages ar* being built in the colony by Messrs. Duncan and Fraser, they being the lowest tenderers, and are upon the same principle and design as tie large ones used by the Adelaide and Suburb in Tramway Company, which cany 44 passengers. The cost will "be £320 each. The cost of inported cars would have exceeded this. _ Yo ir Directors have given aaxious consideration as to the best means of traction—whether by horse steam power—and are as yet undeci ied which to adopt, Mr. Murray's report upon the steam-motors now in use in Paris not being so favourable as was anticipated. Tenders will shortly be called for the earthworks, and yoHr Directors will make every effort to push on the work upon arrival of the maternls." The balance-sheet showed that the capital stock, less £259 6s. 3d. unpaid calls, amounted to £1,501 18s. 9d.; sundry creditors, £8 12s. 8il.; Bank overdraft, £251 4s. 4d.; and balance cash account, 5s. On the other side £900 hid been deposited in the National Bank, £200 paid for brokerage as per prospectus, £225 for land at Albert Park for a terminus, £3 5s. for" official stamp, £61 3s. 3d. for engineer's account and plans, &c.;, £47 ISs. Id. for stationery and advertising ; £213 lis. for obtaining Bill from Parliament, and £107 18s. 5d. for sundries; making a total of £1,762 0s. 9d. The report and balance sheet were adopted. Extracts were read from letters received from Mr. D. Murray, who, having observed the working of steam-motors in bis travels, concluded by recommending horse-traction as the best and most economical for beginning operations with, and that afterwards a steam-motor might be tried if a suitable one could be found. The Auditors' fees were voted and the proceedings ended. NORTTOea> VOLUNTEERS.—The Norwood Company of volunteers have, thanks to the kindness of Messrs. Crompton and G&rtrell;, secured a capital site for rifle practice at Burnside. The Government have granted them four targets, and the company have leav« to proceed to the ground on Saturday next and erect the same in lieu of attending the usual parade. ADELAIDE AND HINDIIARSH TRAMWAY.—At the annual meeting of the Adelaide and Hindmarsh Tramway Company, held on Monday, the report and balance-sheet were adopted. It was stated that the rails had been ordered from England for a line from the Hope Inn, Hindmarsh, .to the corner of King William and Currie streets, and that the rails would be 1-a.id in accordance with Mr. Wells's patent. Messrs. Hodgkiss and Hagedorn were re-elected Directors. BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH.—The first service in connection with the Bible Christian Church at Glanville was held on Sunday evening, July 28\. The Eev. B. ELelley preached to a crowded congregation in the bouse in which he resides, Carlisle-street. The service was a cheerful and impressive one. THE VALUE or CITT PROPERTY.—We learn that an enterprising gentleman who recently leased a block of buildings at the corner of Freeman-street and Pirie-street at a rentil of £250 per annum has sublet it at a profit of £235 a year. The buildings are old and will have to be replaced. IMJUGBATIOM AND EMIGRATION.—The nnmberof persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the week ending Saturday, July 27, was 154\. -Of these 143 came from Melbourne, and 11 from London. The number of persons who left for other ports by the like means during the same period was 70. Of these 46 went to Melbourne, 23 to London, and 1 to Tasmania. WRECK OF THE JAKRS SERVICB.—The Argus publishes the following further circumstances connected with this wreck:—" When the news of the wreck was first known in Melbourne on Wednesday the excitement which was naturally manifested 4was heightened by the rumour that among the passengers were Mr. and Mrs. Williamson (Miss Maggie Moore). Upon enquiry this proved not to be the case, the passenger-list being as follows:—Mr. and Mrs. Cowderoy (Miss Bessie Edwards), Mr. and Miss Williams, Messrs. P. B. Smith, W. F. Phillips, and Mr. J. W. Kelly. Miss Bessie Edwards (Mrs. Cowderoy) was coming to Melbourne under engagement to the Managers of the Theatre Royal as leading lady, and from the Press notices that have been given of her performances in London, in the provinces, and in India, she would no doubt have proved a great acquisition to the Victorian stage. Mr. Cowderoy is also spoken of as a good 'old man' actor. Mr. Williams was for a long time principal violinist in Dave Carson's troupe, and was well known in India, while his daughter, Miss Williams, has gained laurels in the principal Indian cities as a soubrette actress." MEETING OF SHEARERS.—A meeting of shearers was held at the Black Bull Hotel on Monday evening, July 29, to consider the advisability of forming a Shearers' Union. Mr. C. Hart presided, and there were about 50 persons present. Considerable discussion arose and several projects were mooted. Nearly all present, however, were in favour of the formation of a Union, and a general feeling was expressed that the price of shearing should not be less than £1 per 100, with all expenses paid. It was finally resolved that a Union should be formed, and Messrs. Woods, Viant, Taylor, Hart, Brown, Webb, and Lynch were appointed a Committee to draw up a code of rules and regulations to be submitted at a future meeting. NEW MUX AT MALLALA.—The foundationstone of the new mill at MnH«ll«. was laid on Friday afternoon, July 26, by Miss M. A. Chivell, with the usual ceremonies. In the evening a dinner was held at the Mallala Hotel, at which Mr. J. Forbes, J J?., presided. After the usual loyal toasts had been drunk," The Parliament" was proposed by Mr. B. McHugh. Mr. J. Darling, M.P., one of the representatives of the district, responded. In referring to local matters he said he had brought the question of telegraph communication between Mallala and Adelaide under the notice of the Government, and had been informed that enquiries were being made as to the best route. He hoped that the day the mill was opened they would be able to exchange congratulations. He also spoke regarding the want of an Institute and the necessity for having a good road made from Wasleys to the township of Mallala. Mr. Darling then proposed "The Mallala Milling Company," and expressed a hope that the project would be a success. He also gave some advice relative to milling affairs. Mr. Treloar, in replying, stated that the Trnll should have been built seven years previously. After several other toasts had been drunk the proceedings e were brought to a close. THH JERVOIS BRIDGE.—It was proposed to swing open the Jervois Bridge over the Port Creek on Monday, July 29, at 1 o'clock, but owing to the stiffness of the hydraulic machinery, which has not been used for a considerable time, and the difficulty in getting out the wedges which keep the structure level, it was deemed advisable to postpone the attempt until the gear has been worked sufficiently to make it move more freely. Moreover, the time was limited, as the Semaphore train might have been delayed, the interval of an hour having been nearly expended in testing the engines, which disconnected worked fairly, save a little stiffness. Mr. H. C. Mais, the Engineer-in-Chief, and Mr. Parker, the constructing engineer, attempted to make the trial, but thought it better under the circumstances to try the machinery for a few days so as to make it move freely, and then swing the bridge at midnight, as it would cause less interruption to traffic. A few months ago the hydraulic machinery was tested with a view of lifting the accumulator, and the trial was so far satisfactory. The water from the accumulator is pumped by a 10- horie direct- acting engine with three cylinders, the pistons of which are connected with a three-throw crank shaft, having a small pinion shaft at the end. This pinion shaft works on to a*large spur wheel fixed to a separate shaft, connected with which are several other multiplying spur wheels, and these are directed on to a rack cast on a livering. The livering, which weighs 120 tons, carries the whole of the swinging portion of the machinery, with the exception of about 30 rollers upon which it bears, and is carried round upon a broad conical roller path. The portion of the bridge which opens gives 47 feet 6 inches clear space for the passage of vessels, and though the swinging portion •xclusive of the cylinders weighs 600 tons it is believed that when the natural stiffness of the machinery wears off the bridge can be swung with comparative ease. Above the bridge and running over the roadway is a gallery on which is placed the signal-box containing the levers necessary for swinging. The signalman works everything from the gallery, the shutting off steam between the boiler and engines, or arranging the engines so as to work independent of the pumps and draw in the air instead of the water. There are two cylinders at each corner of the swinging portion of the bridge, with a piston working in them. This is connected with a cast-iron wedge, which works on an inclined plane, so that if the bridge dips at all on either side the piston forces the wedge np and lifts the bridge into its true ' level. lie bridge on being „ closed is kept _ in its proper position by means of a rod, which is controlled by the levers in the signal-gallery, and the railway, vehicle, and pedestrian traffic passes along without the slightest interruption. The engine, boiler, pumps, accumulator, and other necesrary gear are all arranged en the centre of the bridge above the roadway. THH HAEVBST or THB SEA..—We quote the following from the Scientific American-.—"At the meeting of the American Fish Cnlturisbs Association, Professor G. B. Good gave statistics showing that the fisheries of this country yielded in 1876 a grand total of nearly thirteei hundred million pom.ds, valued at over S75,000,0c0. First in prominence were the oyster fisheries, the products of which were valued at £50,000,000. When it is remembered that, to a large extent, the oyster crop depends on artificial planting and systematic cultivation, the suggestion that the Government ought to take proper steps to secure to the owners of oyster-grounds a defensive right thereof seems no more than just and reasonable. It is something new, to be sure, to grant individual title to land below low-water mark; but since industry has given to such land, over large areas, a value equal to that of any dry land, and since the cultivation of such reclaimed sea-bed adds enormously to the common food supply, it would be but simple justice to put the seafarmer en the same footing before the law as the upland farmer. The legal right of an oysterplanter to the ground he cultivates and the crop he produces should be put beyond dispute, and its wholesale invasion—now so common wherever oyster cultivation has been attempted—should be made impossible. It is no less than a national disgrace that an industry so honourable and useful should be practically outlawed. Compared with the oyster crop other fisheries ame of small value. The cod fisheries yielded in 1876, according to Professor Good's figures, $4,825,543; the whale, 82,841,000; the mackerel, §2,375,262; the menhaden, gl,657,790. The yield of the Great Lakes is valued at 81,600,000. Of rivar fisheries—shad, salmon, &c.;—ne estimate is given. The lobster catch is valued at §1,000,000. Of the various other shellfish— clams, scallops, &c.;—no mention is made. _ The number of vessels employed in our fisheries is set down as 2,188, with 'a tonnage of 80,003, clearly an underestimate." GOVERNMENT TENDERS. — Tenders were opened on Monday morning at the Engineer-in- Chief's Office for the construction of the Hamley Bridge and Balaklava Railway; there were six tenderers, of whom Mr. Neil McNeil was the lowest. Tenders were also received for the supply and delivery of gradient and distance posts at Port Wakefield and the Burra. The lowest was that of Jas. Sedunary, of Strathalbyn. A large number of tenders were received for various station buildings, but the lowest tender was not declared. Five tenders were opened at the Treasury for the extension of the North-West Bend Wharf 200 feet south and staging. The lowest tenderers were Thos. Cain and Co., at £5,860. For the construction of a jetty at Port Rickaby, Yorke's Peninsula, four tenders were received, the lowest being Nicol and Oliver's, at £1,285. ADELAIDE AND SUBURBAN TRAMWAY COM- PANY.—During the week ending Sunday, July 28, the number of persons who travelled on the tramway between Adelaide and Kensington was 12,690, being about 2,000 above the number for the previous week. 