«luccnslándcrs in the United States. VI. Tur letter from which we published extracts last week was begun at Denver ; the concluding portion, from which we shall now quote was written after the travellers had reached Chicago, and is dated July 18. , ' "I joined the Union Pacific line against Cheyenne, and saw some country in coming up that I did not see in going down. Soon after leaving Cheyenne we got into a richer country, and passed several ranches that evening situated on a creek which lay pretty nearly all along our route ; it was a mixture of high rolling prairie and level plains well grassed but without a single tree fine- looking sheep country, but too cold in winter for sheep, being sometimes covered with snow ; it is also badly watered. The cattle were all in fair condition, but there was nothing very fat. One notices travelling towards the east that the climate becomes moister ; when I looked out the next morning I found that we were passing through a rich agricultural country nearly flat, heavily grassed with what very much resembles good kangaroo grass, about 6in. to 2 12in. long. This was along the Platte River. The remainder of the country all the way to Chicago was very good except near the rivers and some of the creeks, where it is frequently low and swampy and unhealthy. A great portion of it was under crop, principally maize, and nearly all of it is fit for cultivation, and capable of producing almost any amount. What it does produce I cannot say, but three big railways pass through it here from Omaha, to say nothing of the traffic down the two great rivers Mississippi and Missouri. About 4,000,000 " hogs," as they call them, are sold in Chicago each year, also some 1,000,000 cattle, besides an immense quantity of corn. Maize is worth in Chicago from 30 to 40 cents a bushel ; out on the farms where it is grown the average value is about 20 costs. In one day last week 2000 car-loads of grain came in here, each load averaging 300 bushels. ; " Considerably more than half the cattle sold in Chicago get nothing but grass to eat, and some 500 of these are every day tinned and sent to England ; but all the best cattle are fed for six months on corn before they are sent in, and the bulk of these are sent alive to England. Each beast gets half a bushel a day for about 200 days, and the expense of this feeding is some £5 per bond. The cost of their freight to England is £6 per head, and of bringing them from the States when o they are raised Ne- braska, Wyoming, Iowa, years a head. As to the quality: the boat cattle, such as are sent to England, are worth here from £15 to jEIO a head, and weigh, alive, from 1400ft. to 1500ft., and they reckon that such cattle give from 55s. to 57s. of carries to every 100 lb. gross, weighed with the kidney, as we do. "We spent the greater part of to-day examining the cattle at the yards and getting in formation, in which we were assisted very much by two or three people we met there who were best able to tell us what we wanted to know, and we saw Soho beasts weighed and sold, The beat lots we saw gold were equal in all respects to the best Logan cattle, and weighed from 50lb, to IftfGIb - that would give, of dead weight, from 812. to 864. They were all very quiet. Those of the first-mentioned weight were the nicer lot, and realised £15 12s. per head ; the latter lot sold for £15 Bacash. It is all cash here, I think those prices are very nearly double what they would be worth in Brisbane. Fully half the cattle Bold are only stores, and are had ones at that, from 25 to 3 years old, and worth from £5 to £0 a head again about twice our price. All the beat cattle are shipped to England, and people here say that they can supply any possible demand that may spring up; they any too, that it is better to send Hiern over alive than frozen. Our conclusion is that Australia has not much chance against America in thin business. With sheep the case is very different. I don't think this is a good sheep country; the winters are too Bcruro, and all the sheep have the scab. " Wages here are much lower than in the West, and there are signs that people here are not so well off as they are there but Chicago is one of the most wonderful cities in the world. It is finely built, does a tremendous trade, has a population of about 500,000, and is only thirty years old in fact most of it has been rebuilt during the last five years. The city is situated fight on the lake, which is 300 miles long and sixty miles broad-it looks like the sea. " The boat here, and all over the country, lately has been very great ; twenty-nine people have died here from its effects in the last two days, and over for ty in St. Louis in one day. We have stood it pretty well, but Mr. B could not bear it, and so went on East yesterday." Farming in California. Sirs-I have been very much interested in the letters from Queenslander in California, and particularly in the one published last Saturday Without taking up your valuable time or space, allow me to say that the remarks of your correspondent relating to Dr. Glenn's ranch is not what is called a " tall" story by any means. I am personally acquainted with Dr. Glenn, who has a large tract of freehold country at a town named Jacinto, on the Upper Sasr»«n«nto River, in California. When I was last there, some five or six years ago, he was cultivating 30,000 acres of wheat, and was adding to Iris cultivation at the rate of about 2000 acres every year. I have seen sixteen twelve horse teams ploughing in the field at one time, on land four miles long. Each team would start from the barn, plough along a headland till they came to the " land " proper, and then, turning on the land, would go in a straight line for four miles, turn round, come back on the other side, up the headland again to the barn, and unhook for dinner. After dinner hook-up and start the same way again, and back to the barn, where they would arrive about dusk. Each, team was working what we call in California a " Stockton " or "Murley" gang plough. It consisted of six ploughs bolted on a frame in the shape of a triangle, and each plough) cutting a furrow 9in. wide, would make about twelve acres ploughing per day for each team, with one driver, who rides the near wheel horse and guides the team with a single "jerk line." The teams would be fed on ground or chopped barley and wheat straw, with a little hay added occasionally, and it would do your heart good to see the hole that lot of horses would make in a state of barley. The "header" mentioned by you»correspondent is particularly a Californian institution. It illustrates the old saying of "patting the cart before the horse," as the horses are booked behind it, and push the machine along by means of the long polo or tongue at the rear. The driver stands on a foot-board at the extreme end of the pole, and "steers" the machine similarly to steering a boat. Many farmers adopt the principle of thrashing direct from the header ; others slack the grain and along it to go through a " sweat," and then thresh from the stacks. In, the former case, the headers will plunge into, a field of ripe standing wheat, and keep straight, on till they arrive at a sufficient distance from the edge to allow of what has been passed ewes, being cut by noon. Then the header is. steered in a circle, cutting all the time, till a sufficient space is cut out to allow of setting the thresher and engine.. This is called carting a " stock-yard ;" when this is completed and, it takes less time to do it than it does to write about stating thresher is "set," and the headers then continue to cut around and pressed this circle till it becomes so large that the "'header waggons " cannot deliver the gas to the machine fast enough, when the same process is repealed. Now I think I had better stop here, and conclude by saying that if any of your readers are interested in Californias, fawning, I will only be too happy to give them, any information I can in the matter. -Yours, etc, A CALIFORNIA. ARCHER. Brisbane, September 25. The usual spectacle of a waterspout was' recently witnessed in the Mersey, In a provincial theatre, wore Macbeth was being recently played by a clever man, who was also a very great favorite with the audience, in the banquet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquo, " Hence ! hence ! hence I" when he dropped on his knee, covering his, face with his robe, and shuddering convulsively. Just as the applause was over a youth in the gallery, carried away with the intensity of Hw acting cried out, It's all right now,- Smyth J Ae'igone, ? :r ' 