To Oie Eilitor of lite. D. D. Goxtte. Sin,— Would you be kind enough to publish in the columns of your widely circulated journal the enclosed resolutions drawn up by me, and which have been signed by some of the Brisbane electors. It is likely they will form the basis of a new Reform Association. Had resolutions 5 and 6 been embodied in our land legislation, 30,000 acres of valuable land, near to Dalby, would not have been divided at a nominal figure between two capitalists ; and one's eyes would not be pained with the sight of sheep grazing on splendid agricultural soil and selectors ab stracting but the ghost of a crop from second class pastoral. I remain, Faithfully yours, W: F. Reid. Ann-street, Fortitude Valley, Brisbane, March 25th, 1878. 1\. Inasmuch as Polynesian immigration has been, and is now, the prolific source of grave evils, not the least of which is its occu. pancy of the labor market to the depreciat ing of the wages and the lessening of the chances of employment for the unemployed European population, it is hereby affirmed that the Government should wash their hands clear of it, leaving planters, if they desire Polynesian labor, to import it at then own risk and expense, and should restrict their action to ensuring that Polynesian immigrants migrate vuluntariiy, and that, while here, the same justice is meted out to them that is meted out to other sections of the community. 2\. As it is desirable that there lie no hedging round of candidature for a seat in the Legislative Assembly by pecuniary risk, established by law, it is hereby affirmed that the present Electoral Act should be amended by the abolition of that clause in it which provides that £20 be deposited by each candidate for a seat in the House, the same to be forfeited in the event of failure to secure a specified number of votes. 3\. With a view to the prevention of in trigue and favoritism, and the securing of efficiency, it is desirable that access to the Civil Service be by examination, and that the Civil Service be open to all male individ uals in the community under the age of fifty-flve years, who are British subjects, and who have not been convicted of felony— vacancies to be conferred upon successful candidates in the. order in which their ap plications are received. 4\. Whereas it is the duty of the Queens land Government to pay due regard to the interests of the working classes subject to its jurisdiction and contributing to its resources, and whereas numbers of working people arrive by Government immigrant vessels while many in the colony are out of employment, to the perpetuating of distress and the injuring of the prospects of the latter, and whereas in the face of its in debtedness, the entire defrayal by aforesaid Government of the transit expenses of immi grants is an unwarrantable stretch of generosity, it is hereby affirmed that free immigration should cease, and that assist tance rendered in the matter of transit ex penses by the Government be limited to a part defrayal of the same. . 5\. Inasmuch as people who desire to settle upon the public lands are, in the matter of selections the best judges of what land suits them, and inasmuch as Government sur veyors in the survey of public lands are accessible to sinister influence, it is hereby affirmed that free selection before survey is desirable, and that it is the duty of the people to procure auoh an amendment of present land acts as shall secure its adoption throughout the length and breadth of the colony. 6\. Whereas certain land acts passed by the Queensland Legislature in 1868 and subse quently were enacted for the two-fold pur pose of rendering the public lands available to persons of small means who desired to obtain a living from the soil, and of assisting them by means of deferred payments to make good their footing thereon, and where as squatters and large capitalists have ob tained thousands of acres at a nominal figure under the system of deferred pay ments, in contravention of the spirit and design of aforesaid acts, the results being the locking up of fertile land near to centres of population from bona fide tillers of the soil, the wresting of a provision, viz deferred payments made only for the poor and struggling from its primary destination, and the fostering by the Government of the formation of large estates to the prejudice of the acquisition of small freeholds, it is here by affirmed that one thousand acres should be the maximum area purchasable by any individual from the Government, and that purchasers should be limited to male heads of families and to single individuals who have attained the age of twenty-one years, the acquisition of one thousand acres from the Government under any land act disabling any individual from acquiring additional land from the same source at any subsequent period. 