! Mourning for the Pope. SERVICES have been, commenced throughout _the colony with Hpecialreference tothedeathof Pope Pius: The Catholic pro-cathedral is draped in black, and has the usual catafalque at the foot of the altar rails. On Thursday evening special vespers were chanted in the presence of the Archbishop, and on Friday morning the pontificial requiem high mass was celebrated. Amongst those present were the Consuls of France (Count de' Castelnau), Italy (Mr. Fitzgerald), German Empire (Herr C. Sahl), America (Mr. Williams), Chili (Mr. Eldred), and Peru (Mr. O. S. Smith), Count Cunevero and the officers of the Italian corvette Cristofero Colombo, with about twenty-five of the men belonging to that vessel. Mass was celebrated by the Archbishop, assisted by the Hov. J. Sheridan as deacon, and the Rev.. J. M. Taylor as sub-deacon. The assistant priests and master of ceremonies were the Rev. Dr. Coletti and Father P. J. Mahony. The general ar rangements of the church were under the direction of the Rev. A. W. Petre. Almost all the city and sub urban clergy were present and took part in the solemn chants and dirges which formed the only musical por tion of tho service. At intervals Professor Hughes played on the organ, assisted by a band, the Dead March from "Saul," and also a very beautiful dirge. Archbishop Vaughan issued a circular letter to all the clergy of the diocèse, to be read in the churches on Sunday, ordering-(1) That in Jeach church, or chapel, of the dioceses of Sydney and Armidale, a public mass shall be offered up, as soon as convenient, for the repose of the soul of Pope Pius IX., and Bays : I suggest that such of the faithful as can make it con venient to attend should dress themselves as befits so solemn an occasion. (2) I request the clergy to beg their congregations to offer private prayers, and to get masses said, if they think well to do so, for the same intention. (3) There will he a solemn dirge and requiem Mass in a month's time in St. Mary's Cathedral, to which the bishops of the provinces will be invited, so that the ecclesiastical province of Sydney may unite in praying for him to whom it owes so much. The clergy are " also' instructed to say the hymn, " Come Holy Ghost, Creator, come," with the " intention of begging the Holy Spirit to guide the cardinals in the choice of a new pope, and after he has been chosen, that the Holy Ghost may direct him in all his thoughts, words, and deeds." The Archbishop gives the following reasons for the prayers on behalf of the late Pontiff's soul, (1) The special respect due to him as the Vicar of our ¿ord, ana (2) as a temporal king "rich in virtue, studying beautifulness," (3) For his brave conflict as Pope and King with an anti-social and anti-Christian revolution.' - (4) For declaring the infallibility of the Pope. (5) For MB. tender devotion to the Virgin Mary, proclaiming her Immaculate Conception. The 6th and concluding reason we quote at length, as the Archbishop's personal knowledge of the Pope renders this testimony of particular interest. "As to his personal life, his deep simple piety and sweetness, no one could understand it who had not witnessed it. Those who .have, can never forget it. Still, all of you, dear ' Rev. brethren, know something of his Apostolic life. In- these days menin such a position as his cannot live in privacy. His fervent prayers, his pious Masses, his meditations, so full of love and unction ; his abstemi ousness; his kindly playfulness-which no trouble seemed to be able to cloud; his ready bright reply;his largo affectionateness ; his simple majesty; his eloquence of eye, countenance, and speech ; his natural nobleness of figure and grace of _ ges ture ; his prince-like self-possession yet unconscious ness of self ;-all this went to make up his extraor dinary and widespread influence and popularity, and rendered him a power whore religion itself was of no avail. No one could go into his presence with-', out being partially unstrung by a something coming from him, which spoke silently of the presence pf another world. ' He was a great high priest and king battling in a stormy and difficult , day, himself living much of - hiß time in Heaven. He fought without flinching unto the end-unto the very end in the-ser vice of his Master." : : v ^.r: 