GENERAL NEWS. Mr. L. M. Cullen has returned to the colony by the K.M.S. Siam, after a short visit to Europe. - The adjourned final hearing of the case of Messrs. J. M. Sinclair & Soil, in the Insol vency Court, which was down for Friday morning, was postponed in consequence of a death having occurred in the Commissioner's family. We are informed by Messrs. Harrold Brothers that the s.s. "Whampoa, the second of the colonial line of steamers, sailed from London on the 7 th of August for Port Adelaide with 31 passengers and 135 tons of cargo. The ft.M.S. Siam, with the English mails for Australia, arrived at Glenelgat 2.15 a.m. on Friday, just a quarter of an hour later than the time Captain Hector said he would be there. The passage from Galle to Glenelg is the smartest on record, occupying only 15 days and 4 hours, in cluding the stay, at the Sound. The news from England under 35 days old. - The Siam dis charged, her mails and passengers, and sailed for Mellxrarue at a quarter-past 10 o'clock. The signalman . at Cape Borda appears to have neglected his duty. Although blue lights and rockets were shown. and fired nothing jvas "known of the steamer's approach until she was sighted off Glenelg. The outward mail steamer Tanjore left for Galle just aB the Siam arrived, The monthly entertainment in connection with the Adelaide Lodge, I.O.G.T., was given in the Oddfellows' Hail on Thursday evening, August 8. There was a large audience, and a good programme was carried out in a creditable way by Brothers Smart, Baker, Mills, Potter, Townley, and Laney, and Sisters Cook, Potters (2), Stephens, and Win wood. Miss S.' A. Win wood presided at the pianoforte. Brother Robertson occupied the chair. We have to record the death of another well-known gentleman, Mr. Arthur Rivaz, of the Lands Titles Office, who died at the resi dence of his brother-in-law, Mr. A. G: Downer, at Moualta, on Thursday evening, August 8 The deceased, who was only 47/years of age, had been in the colony about 25 years. For a long time lie was with the late Hon. John Baker, on one of his stations, but had spent the last ten years in the Civil Service. Of this time he was seven years in. the Local Court Offices and three years in the LandsTitles Office. About two years ago his ihedical.adviser, Dr. Corbin, told him he had heart disease of so serious a character that he would probably not live more than two years, and it was thought advisable that he should take a trip to England. He did so, going and returning with Mr. Com missioner Downer. The deceased was taken seriously ill about three weeks ago, and gra dually sank up to last Sunday, when a change for the tetter took place. Hopes were enter tained for. his life, which' had just previously been dispaired of; but a relapse occurred, and he died on Thursday evening. Mr. Rivaz leaves ' a wife (sister to the Messrs. Downer) and four children, two daughters and two sons. His re mains will he interred at the West-terrace Cemetery on Saturday afternoon. The rainfall from 9 a.m. on Thursday to the same hour on Friday, August 9, is regis tered as follows:— Adelaide ... 0 070 Cape Borda ... 0*110 Gumeracha ... 0*100 Goolwa ... 0*090 Kapunda ... 0 060 Kingscote ... 0125 Kingston ... 0*110 Kooringa ... 0.003 Laura 0*005 Meningie ... 0090 Millicent ... 0225 Mount Barker.. 0*160 Mount Pleasant 0*100 Mount Gambier 0*330 Naracoorte ... 0*240 Noarlunga ... 0*035 Normanville ... 0*10) Penola... , ... 0150 Pott Elliot ... 0:190 Port Lincoln ... 0*120 Robe ... ... 0*200 Sfcrathalbyn ... 0*115 Tanunda ... 0*030 Willunga ... 0*065 On Thursday evening, August 8, Mr. Phillip Lee, the manager of the Adelaide Club, who is leaving that position to enter into busi ness for himself, was met by the. employes of the Club, and presented with a very handsome bronze and marble clock. An adjourned meeting of shearers was held at the John Bull Hotel on Thursday evening, August 8. There were about 40 persons present, and Mr. Charles Hart took the chair. The rules submitted by the Committee were passed as read, and the Secretary was appointed Treasurer pro tern. It was decided to have 500 copies of the rules printed, and an advertise ment inserted for the purpose of drawing the attention of squatters and shearers to the fact that the latter could be engaged through the medium of the Union. Preliminary business was transacted, and 68 persons joined the Union. The new Wealeyan Church at James town was opened on Sunday, August 4, when sermons were preached by the Rev. T. Lloyd, the President of the Wesleyan Conference. On the following day tea and public meetings were held, and at the latter gathering the chair was taken by Mr. R. Williams. Addresses were -delivered by the Revs. Messrs. Hanton, Howard, Rofe, and Shallberg. About £154 was realised by the services, leaving a debt of some £580 on the property. The amount of the contract for the buildiDg was £1,500. During the evening several selections of sacred music were ren dered in an admirable manner by the choir, under the direction of Mr. J. Wilkinson. On Thursday evening, August 8, another of the weekly entertainments was given at the City Mission Hall. It consisted of dissolving views, which were both amusing and instructive. The attendance was very good and the Rev. F. W. Cox acted as lecturer. The views, which were shown by the powerful oxy-hydrogen lan tern of the Sunday-school Union, embraced scenes of English abbeys and castles, the ruins of old Rome, Indian temples, and a variety of other subjects. Each view was explained in a brief though clear manner, which proved an additional attraction to the entertainment. The applause throughout was both hearty and frequent. . At a meeting of the Come and Welcome Lodge, No. 61, I.OG.T., held on Tuesday, August 6, at the Methodist New Connexion Lecture Hall,' Franklin- street, the installation of officers for the ensuing quarter took place. The G.S.J.T. Brother F. Leane,D.D., assisted by the L.D. and Brother Cass, installed the officers as follows:—W.C.T, Brother T. S. Peryman; W.Y.T., Bro. W. H. McCreeth; W.S., Bro. A. C. Belcher; W.F.S., Bro. Hogg; W.T., Sister Spinks; W. Chap., Sister E. Dyke; W.tti., Bro. A. McCreeth j W.I.G., Bro. Stephens; W.O.G., Sister E. Considine; W.A.S., Sister A. Dyke; W.D.M., Sister Clarkson; W.R.H.S. Sister H. Winter; W.L.H.S., Sister J. Spinks; Bro. G. R. Brown taking the position of P.W.O.T. The reports of the various officers showed that the Lodge was in a good position. The following is the substance of the reports on the Government experimental farms for the month of July:—From the farm in the North-East Mr. George Hannaford, the manager, reports that there are 185 acres under cultiva tion, and three men and one boy employed with horses. Of this area 167 acres are sown with wheat, 12 acres with barley, and six acres with oats. Since the late rains nearly all the wheat had come up, which rather surprised Mr. Hanna i ford, as much of it had been three months in the ground; 50 acres of it was rather thin, but the remainder was thick enough for a good orop. Some that came up after the March rains grew so rank that it had to be fed off. The rainfall for the month was 1*862 inches in seven days. The highest temperature recorded was 70° and the lowest 32°. The weather, has been cold" and wintry. From the South-East farm Mr. R. A. Perkins reports having 84 acres of wheat and six of barley under cultivation, besides 13 acres of English grasses. He reports that the crops were looking well. The wheat was coming up, and he hoped to finish sowing by the first week, in August, weather permitting. The weather had been wet and rough during July. It is with regret that we announce the death at the age of 52 years of Dr. Maurau, which took place* at his residence, near Rey nella.on Thursday, the 8th instant, at 1 o'clock p.m., after a fortnight's illness. The deceased gentleman had been a qnarter of a century in the colony, and followed, his profession at one period at the Burra, where he was a partner of Dr. Main, but for the last 14 years he has been settled in the neighborhood where he died, and where he had a large conntry practice," his patients being scattered over a radius of many miles from his well-known residence, which stands just off the main South-road. He was a lay reader cf the Church of England at O'Halloran Hill, and always took a great in*, terest in all lccal matters. * He. was at one time Chairman of the Clarendon District Council. The cause of his death was heart disease, and several medical gentlemen from Adelaide have been attending him. Drs. Gosse and Ellison have visited.him; and on Thursday Dr. Gunson was in attendance, when Dr. Maurau, who was in full possession oE all his faculties, was giving an elaborate descrip tion of the symptoms of his complaint, when he was seized with a spasm and fell back in liis bed. Dr. Gunson raised the patient, who imme diately died in his arms. Dr. Maurau was greatly respected in the district in which he had lived and labored so long, and many of the residents feel that they have lost not only an able physi cian but a good friend. He leaves a widow, but no family. The first of a series of lectures to be given in aid of the Kent Town Wesleyan Church school funds was delivered in the Lec ture Hall on Thursday evening, August 8, by Professor Davidson, who took for his subject " Our inheritance in the Great Pyramid." The chair was occupied by Mr. James Scott. There was a large attendance: In commencing his lecture the Professor said that, he had always had a great fondness for the subject' of the Pyramids, but in lecturing on them he found some difficulty, as he had never seen them. He supposed, however, that most of his hearers had some idea of their general character. There were on the banks of the Nile a large number of Pyramids, but the most of them were near Cairo, where the largest of all was situated. That one was called the Great Pyramid, and was of immense size, its base measured 769 feet across, and its height 485 feet, but a better idea of its size might be gained by those who had-seen the bluff at Port Victor, as it wasabout one-third larger than the bluff. No authentic information could he got with reference to the age of the Great Pyramid; but it was probably built by the ancestors of. Abraham. With re gard to the use of the Pyramids, there were 1 several theories. The most common of these was that.they were built as.mausoleumsfor th6 dead. There was another throry whichiperhaps was nearer the truth, and that was that they were in- I tended as astronomicalobservatories. Someyears ago, however, Professor Smyth, of Scotland, startled the people at home with altogether a new theory, which was, that the Pyramid was intended for a standard measure, and it_ was that theory which- he would discuss that night. The lecturer then proceeded to give an elaborate analysis of Prof est or Smyth's theoryshow ing its possibility by figures representing the calculations made by Professor Smyth. Mr. Davidson was frequently applauded through out the lecture, which was highly interesting and entertaining. The next lecture will be given by the Bev. W. T. Oarter on August 22, and will be entitled " The Australias." - A case of fraudulent insolvency, in which two brothers and two sisters were involved, came on at the Police Court on Thursday. The defendants were Abraham, John, Margaret, aad Ellen McGuinness, but only John and Ellen McGuinness had been arrested. It is supposed that Margaret is in Sydney, and the police are actively looking up Abraham McGuinness. Mr Symon, who appeared for the prosecution, said the facts were that Abraham McGuinness had been in business in Georgetown since 1873, and had managed to secure the confidence of several leading merchants in Adelaide. Some time last year he gave bills to his brother John, his sisters Margaret and Ellen, and to his mother. Mary McGuinness, amounting to £3,270 18s., making them all fall due on July 1 1878. These bills appeared to be for a fictitious debt, as they, never went ! into the Bank; and no one else knew anything about them. On the 1st of June it was pre sumably arranged that John McGuinness should come to Adelaide with his sister Margaret and order a large quantity of goods, which were to be taken in Abraham's name, but which were to he handed over to John and taken to Port Pirie in liquidation of the debt which was then due to him and to his sisters and mother. This done, • Abraham intended to offer his creditors a com position. John having made arrangements for the lease of a store at Port Pirie came to Ade laide to purchase goods to the extent of £3,800. Having done this, a small portion of the goods were taken overland and the rest by sea to Port Pirie. Invoices wea^then sent to Abraham by the wholesale houses for the'various amounts, while the value of the stock at Georgetown was only £2,500. John then seemed to have gone on to Georgetown, and thinking that the scheme would not be complete without giving the transaction at least the color of a sale an account was drawn out for the whole of the goods bought, with some other amounts, bringing up the total to £1,030, for which bills extending over 21 months were given. The first bill was due nine months hence, and as a result of this arrangement, effected under the color of a sale, the creditors could not recover a first instalment for nine months. This being done the goods at Port Pirie were de livered over into John's custody. Then, as an other part of the scheme, Abraham handed over all the' cash he had to the amount of £200 or £300. The next step was to ask the creditors to take a composition, and this was to be man aged by John issuing a friendly suit against Abraham for these hills, and a writ was taken out on July 3. The brothers came to Adelaide, and the books of accounts at Georgetown were taken away. The proposition they made was declined by their creditors, and a petition for an adjudication of insolvency was filed by them the same day, and the hearing -was adjourned till the 19tb. While pro ceedings were pending with the solicitors on July 22, John went post haste to Georgetown and made the man there draw out an invoice from his brother to himself for £209 14s. for vali ables purporting to be sold on July 20. He hen went on to Port Pirie, and he and his sister Margaret ransacked the store and took away the best things. From that day Mrs. McGuinness has been lost sight of, and Mar garet was allowed to go to Sydney by the credi tors for the ostensible purpose of borrowing money. The goods which were sent hack from Port Pirie were in fourteen packages, and the creditors were assured that they only contained the personal effects of Miss Ellen. Suspicions however growing stronger, they were on their arrival taken, though not without opposition" on the part of John, to Messrs. Murray's warehouse. On the 30th the adjudication of insolvency was obtained, and either on that night or the next day Abraham and Ellen McGuinness vanished, hut the latter was afterwards arrested at Far rell's Flat. The case, after the hearing of some unimportant evidence, was adjourned for a week, • " The intense interest taken in the Potts child-stealing case was indicated yesterday," states the Melbourne Argus of August 6, "by the attendance at the Fitzroy Police Court. The Bench was crowded with Magistrates, the Court was filled in every part by the public and during the six hours which the investigation occupied the adjoining.streets were crowded by several huudreds of people discussing the various points of the case. The evidence against the woman Fitzgibbon was of a most conclusive character, and the identity of the child was established, apart from other circum stances, by the existence of a red birth-marlc, which extended from the nose over the right eyelid, but which was only visible when the infant was excited. The prisoner was com mitted for trial at the Central Criminal Court. During the hearing of the evidence she ap peared to realise the serious position iu which she was placed, and as she was leaving the dock she fell down in a swoon." The annual meeting of the Bowden aud Hindmarsh Mission was held in the Christian Chapel, Kobert-street, Hindmarsh, on "Wednes day evening, August 7. Mr. Thos. Lees, Vice President, occupied the chair. There was a large attendance, the church being filled. The report, which was presented by the Bev. John McEwin, showed that the agent of the Mission, Mr.. Thos. Harkness, had been steadily pursuing his work during the year of visiting from house to house, engaging in religious conversation with, the people, reading the scriptures aud praying with the sick, and urging the people to attend some place of worship and to send their children to Sunday-school. Altogether 2,511 visits had been made throughout Hindmarsh and the .surrounding townships, being an average of eight visits for every working day in. the year. Some 59 cases of distress had been relieved with sums varying from 2s. 6d. to 15s. Clothes and hoots also had been collected and given away, and a large number of. tracts distributed. Mr. Harkness had also visited the Hospital and the Stockade. The Committee had initiated and assisted in carrying out a canvass of the district in aid of the lndian and Chinese Famine Funds. . and had used their influence to' suppress intem perance and larrikinism. The financial report presented by Mr. J. Pickering, J.P., showed that £160 8s. had been received from Mr. J. H Angas, of which £150 had been paid to the agent, and--£10 '8s. to the late. Mr. ■ Penley. Some £15 had been received-from the Churches .and expended in.the "relief of the poor. Ad dresses were delivered by the Bevs. B. M. Hunter, T. McNeil, H. D. Smith, H. Morgan, and Mr. Harkness. The officers and Committee were appointed as follows:—President, Mr. J. H Augas; Vice-President, Mr. Thos, Lees; Secretary, Bev. J. McEwin; Treasurer, Mr. J. Pickering, J.P.; Committee, Bevs. B. M. Hunter, T. McNeil, H. Morgan, H. D. Smith, Messrs. E. Gould, J. Harry, Dr. S. Kidneir, and W. Shearing, and Thos. Harkness agent. A number of Sankey's hymns were sung under the leadership of Mr. J. Pickering, juu. A collec tion realised £6 4s. A meeting is to be held at Glenelg this evening to consider the application of the Hold fast Bay Bailway Company for power to bring their railway into that town. "Raanford's Ghost and Petite Comedy Company" will open at White's Booms on Mon day evening next. Messrs. Davies and.'Lewis, "who liave been on an extended tour iu the Northern districts with their drawing-room entertainment, have returned to Adelaide to arrange for a season at White's Booms. Before opening in Adelaide they will visit some of the Southern townships. Shakspeare's fine spectacular play of «Henry IV." was repeated at tbe_ Theatre Boyal on Thursday evening to an audience who testified their pleasure, in frequent applause, and Mr. Creswick as Sir John Falstaff was well supported by the other members of the com pany. The piece, which went very smoothly on ; its second presentation, is well placed on the stage, and will be repeated this evening. A complimentary benefit is to be given to Mr. Louis Kilkenny, the English billiard player, at the Gresham Billiard Saloon this evening. This is a well- deserved recognition of Mr. Kilkenny's skill as a player, and we are glad to hear that it is likely to be a largely attended and successful demonstration. Play will commence at 7 o'clock, the Yorkshire champion giving a well-known amateur 250 points out of 500. Mi. Albert White will then engage the champion for seven games of pyramids, to be played with one -hall off the table. The entertaiment \yill be concluded by Mr. Wyld and Mr. Kilkenny .'contesting a game of 500 up, the local player receiving 200 points. _Every arrangement has been made by Mr. Wyld _to ensure the comfort of those attending, and we are sure that the evening will be a very pleasant one to all concerned,. 