\- ' MARKET ^REVIEW-; 1 "WISK Office, Friday. . JBusiksss continues depressed, and rumours .of fresh insolvencies still fill the air. A report has: gained currency of a probable heavy failure in Maryborough- which does not tend to improve the prospects of the -dosing year, ^n addition-to thefie mattera tbeprolonged 'in activiLyinduced by the strike contiuea to retard business. . Jloiir is scarce, with the exception of Hart** and commands from £l4to £14 os. Melbourne flour has risen and now commands £13. los. Extensive sales of bottled, beer are reported, but the prices do not vary from those of oor last quotation.. . ^ Brandy, of good ^brands .Is. selling freely at high rates., . . ; « .. . ; .-?t -* ;>».. ' The demand for salt still continues brisk. . AVhUo sugar and,bright yellows are in con. siderable demand butratious are comparatively neglected. , :. v.« Sevens kerosine is decidedly scarce, the sales made being principally to arrive at mlher easier price*, but for purchases on the spot prioea still remain firm. "SVith-respect to corrugated iron,: tbero is a scarcity of gospel oak, 24 gauge, so much so that it is fetching us much us the 2$ gauge, but with this exception the iron market is un» changed. , ; } i-.-.r.. , The trade in fruit would be extremely, good if only the steamers could be relied upon. Wa Air. !W, Blackford reports-Oranges, 14a to 15s; now.apples, 7s to 13s; pears, 7s to 10s; plums,.Ss to 10s '^nectarines, 9s to 10s; poaches, 7s to 9s;. lemons, 20s;: grapes, 3d to4dper pound; wator melons, 2s 6d to 4s; rock melons, 2s to 4s; summer pines from Is 6d to 3s; smooth leaves, 10s to 15s; bananas, od to Cd ; passion fruit, Ss to 10s per bushel.I v Messrs. Macdennott Brothers, of Rockhamp ton report that with respect to fat cattle tho market is gluttedrand vendors are commencing to send'their. stock to.the southern roaxkets^ whero good prices, are obtainable. "VVe have* now 500 bullocks on the xoad, and have advices of ono thousand, head to start, for: the earns market during the season. A draft has arrived at Dalbv, and will be offered for sale in a few days. "We quote bullocks in our local market at £5*, cows £1 less, but much higher prices are obtainable to the south if cattle are prime. We hare delivered a draft of the I&annes; bullocks at £6 per head. 'I he demand for store cattle is very slack, and quotations remain unchanged. Store Sheep : \VV have had enquiries fur maiden ewes, bat there are j vary few offering. We quoto good maidens worth 8s., shorn. There is no demand for wethers. Horses: The market has been very dull; two lsrge lots have been offered and , difficult to quit at fair prices.- Good ordinary j hacks, sound and young, are worth from £10 to £12 per head; ordinary, £S to £10; draft horses are scarce. Tallow and Hides : We hate passed a good deal of tallow and a good many hides through our hands; light hides from l}d to IJd; heavy, 2d to 2jd; station tallow, £21; superior, £26 to £27. . Messrs. J. H. Clough & Co. report, from Mel bourne, that competition has been spiri ed in respect to wool, the quotations are as follows: -Greasy sold at 7Jd to ll£d; scoured, 13d to ISd; and fleece, lod to 2Uid per lb. Sheep- ' skins are selling as under:-Full-woolled green | elans, Ss to 4s 6d; pelts. Is to 2s; lambs, Is 6d i \- to 2s; dry skins, 2s 6d to os each; and station; skins, 4d to 7$d per lb. The price of hides ranges as follows:-For green ox, Ios to 32s Gd j each; cow, 2£d to 2|d; Victorian salted, 2Jd to 3}d; New Zealand, 4d to 4jd-superior are worth Bp to 5d; and calfskins, 24d toSjdperlb. Tallow is in its usual request-for inferior, £24 to £26; beef, £27 to £29; mixed, £26 to £2S:; and mutton, £29 to £30 per ton. Richard Gibson and Co., of Melbourne, re port Fat Cattle: Only a moderate supply . c*me forward, viz., about 1,300 head, chiefly small lots. There was a fair proportion of all qualities, and had the past few days not been 80 sultry and unfavourable to the corsumption of beef, there would have been a most notice- ; able - rise; as it was, the early sales in the \ market showed an advance of from 10s to Ios 1 per head, but as sales progressed prices receded until nearly the close, when they again advanced to about opening rates. We quote- | Best pens of bullocks at from £7 10s to £S Ids; j . good, from £6 to £7; second, from £-5 to £5 10s; i . inferior, from £3 10s; best pens of cows from 1 £5 to £5 15s; others, from £3 upwards. Fat Sheep: Sales were exceedingly dull throughout, . yet prices were much the same as last week. We quote-Best merino wethers in, 7s 9d to 8s 6d; a few extra, 10s; seconds, 7s to 7s 6d; others, 5s up; best crossbred wethers, 8s. to 9s; a few lis; others, 7a up ; ewes at proportionate rates. Maiden, Hill, and Clarke, under date Decern, ber 13, report:-Wool: The London sales, which close this day, are progressing more satisfactorily, the latest teiegram reports an increased attendance thereat, with a firmer ; tone; prices for scoured having improved slightly, and we may confidently look for this, the last series of the year, to dose firmly. Prices realised this week were-fleece, 14d to 21d; scoured, 12d to 20d; greasy, 7§d to 12Jd I per lb. Sheepskins: A better supply forward, I and every line offered met with good competi- i ? tion; seedy, burry, and otherwise faulty lots | being the exception. Quotations are- full woolled, 6d to 7d; short, 4d to od; pe!ts, 2d i to 3§d per lb. Hides: The attendance of I buyers . was good, and competition fairly ' active. We cleared our catalogue at ' from 3d to 3jd for heavies, in good condition; j 2|d to 3d'for medium weights; 2jd to 3£d for | light weights. Yearlings and calfskins in fair ! request at from Is to 2s for calf, and 3s to ! 4* 6d for yearlings. Leather market remains extremely dull for all descriptions, and sales are difficult to make. Quotations: Sole, 6d to ,8d ; kip, I2d to lod ; calf, 21d to 24d ; tweed, . 18dto24d; harness, 9Jd to 12d per lb.; bag, 9s 6d to 10s 6d; bridle, 9s 9d to 20s 6d per side; basils, 6sto 10s per dozen. Tallow: The market is well supplied, but prices exhibit no improvement, local buyers being the only operators, shippers evidently hanging off. We quote beef £24 to £27, mutton, £28 to £29 per ton. Horns and Bones: Prices remain un altered. Quotations: Horns, 20s to 30s per 100; bones, £5 to £10 per ton. Hair: No alteration, all offered found buyers, at for Lorse tail 14d to lod; mane, 9d to lOd; cow, 6dto lOd per lb. THE HOKE Rrxras.-On October 21 most of the delegates of the Home Kule Confedera tion of Great Britain reached Dublin for the purpose of attending the annual convention of that body, at the Rotunda. A preliminary meeting of the council of the confederation, to which wch members of the u Home Rule Hundred" as have arrived in Dublin were ad missible, was held at the Imperial Hotel, Sack, ville-street, with a view to arranging the busi ness of the convention. The proceedings were private, and the results were not communicated to the pre#>e. Mr. C. S. Parnell, M.P., pre sided as president of the confederation. Several letters have been published in the FrunurrCt Journal referring to the conference. Meters. Sullivan, Dillon, and Egap repty to Mr. L Butt's objections to the conference. Mr. O'Shaughnessy writes to tay that he is unable to attend, a circumstance which he regrets ex ceedingly. Mr. Alfred .Webb sends a long letter in which he says that the League has been unable to reuse the Irish people, and, therefore, be is certain that they are not desir ous of Home Rule, and he says: " If it is remedial acts, not fundamental changes, that Ireland requires, she will secure them, and per fectly equal rights with Great Britain-volun teers, franchise, freedom from an urmed police, coercion and convention acts-much sooner by a few years of hearty union than by continuing to keep a Home Kule ghost in a garret to attract the crowd and to frighten the Govern* xnent." THE Logan Wittiest notices that the fine rains that have fallen lately have been the means of 4oing an immense amount of good to all grow ing crops. The maize crop promises to be unusnally good this season, while everywhere there is an abundance of grass and water for cattle. 