TALES AND SKETCHES. THE BEAUTY IN THE WOOD. (From the Argosy.) (Concluded from our last.) Jacques was in a dazed condition ; not only had he obtained entrance to the chateau in a very unexpected manner, but here was la petite Baronne actually helping m'sieu with her own hands, as beautiful as an angel, but one of those fearful D'Orvales, nevertheless. " They say that madame's ghost walks here at night—the Madonnapreserre us !"thought he. Jacques crossed himself devoutly, and included m'sieu in the sign, by way of foiling any bad spirits who might be hovering around. But the traveller began to leok very pale and exhausted, and Lucille wished him good night. Margot came in, very cross, and told Jean-Mario that the gen tleman's bed was ready, and that he had better go to it. In the morning Hariy Livingston found himself too ill to move ; the wound V»»d been too long without attention, and his ride had aggravated it terribly. Jacques went over to St. Etienne, and brought from thence the only doctor that the little village could boast; but he proved equal to the emergency. Being too cautious to use many medicines, he confined himself to keeping down the fever which threat ened Livingston ; and.nature, left to her self, brought the patient through in safety in the course of a few days. The doctor's sister, a benevolent middle-aged dame, came over often, and gave much counte nance to the young Baronne. After that came the days of convalescence; weary enough tbey would have been to the sick young man but for his little hostess. She was at once the most fascinating, fairy-like vision that Livingston had ever seen. He had known very many beauti ful women—the loveliest and best-bred of his own charming countrywomen—but tbey lacked the subtle, curious attraction of Lucille. She was such a child ; all simplicity, unsophistication, and guileless innocence. Passion was unknown to her ; love had never touched her breast. Know ing nothing of conventionalism, in her in tercourse with Livingston she was free as she could have been with a brother, sit ting by his sofa half the day, and talking with him by the hour together. Of her dead father she spoke in reverent, admir ing terms ; she gloried in his patriotism, and in his falling for France ; but of ac tual love, even for him, Livingston half doubted whether she knew the meaning. All the sublime, heroic side of a woman's character seemed wanting; or else it slept: she was an elf, a fairy, a sprite— or, in less lover-like phrase, a careless, lovely child. "Monsieur Henri," Lucille would call, standing under his window, when he be gan to get about, "come down and see me feed the pigeons. Jeau-Marie has gone to the village, Margot is in her kit chen, Jacques sees to the horses—and for me, I am lonely. Hasten then." And Harry would progress down the long stairs as far as his half-restored strength would permit, to be met half-way by Lu cille, who would insist upon aiding him with her slender arm. All scenes were not so pleasant as this, however. Lucille would sometimes ask Livingston to tell her of his own home and country : and although his stories of it and of his life there seemed to hold a strange charm for her, she would manifest a curious jealousy of them. Let him look a trifle more tired than UBual, and her lovely lips would curl in vexation ; she would irritate him with suggestions that he was suffering from ennui and mal du pays, and threaten to leave him and never come back to the salon any more. And then Livingston would implore and coax her until he saw the usual half-sweet, half- arch smile come back to the lovely face, and a truce would be proclaimed be tween them. ^ But one memorable morning, when Lu cille carried this rather far, Livingston adopted an entirely different line of tac tics. - That is, if he thought of tactics at all. Lucille announced that she had les sons to learn (she was always talking of the studies that the death of her gover ness had left incomplete), and that she must leave monsieur for the rest of the day. Upon which, to her great surprise, monsieur responded with stately courtesy that he should be pained to think of de taining her from her learned researches, and that he had the honour to wish Ma demoiselle la Baronne a very good morn ing. " I have wasted too much time upon you, Monsieur Henri," she cried, hotly. "I will not say to you, 'go, leave the chateau;' the D'Orvales know not such inhospitality. But of my company you have had too much. Very well! You shall have no more of it until you come to bid good-bye before leaving for your belle pays, where you long to be. Open the door, monsieur, will you be so good ?" And the little stately figure swept past him into the corridor, with cheeks aflame and lips apart. He watched her go. Did he love her or hate her most ? And which passion was it that prompted him to pick up from the marble floor, where her own little foot had crushed it, a blue gentian-flower she had dropped from her waistband, and to hide it carefully in his vest ? She did not come back. No : though he fretted and fumed and watched inces santly. A wearily long day he found it without her; and when Margot brought him his meal at noon, she reported that mademoiselle had shut herself in her little study in the East turret-chamber, and would neither open the door nor come downstairs. Further dismayed questions on the part of Livingston only made Margot cross. He was fain to eat the food set before him, and tried to while away the afternoon with an old and much worn copy of Sallust which he had picked up the day before. But he was still weak from the effect of his wound, and pre sently the words began to dance before his eyes, his head dropped forward on the table, and in a few moments he was asleep. Two hours later he was awakened by a terrified whisper. " M'sieu, m'sieu, awake, for the love of heaven ! They are here; they have surrounded the chateau ; fly, m'sieu, while you can." Livingston started up, to see the terri fied face of Jacques bending over him. " They !—who ?" demanded he, instinc tively snatching his pistols from the case where they lay, already loaded. " The Uhlans, m'sieu ; a whole com pany of the devil's own brood," whis pered Jacques, fiercely. "This way: quick!" He caught hold of Livingston's arm to guide him down the dark passage to a back staircase; by which, gaining the kitchen, he hoped to escape. But he had , hardly reached it, when Livingston stopped short. "Hold a moment, Jacques," he whis pered, hurriedly. " Wait for me here, fivie minutes, and then if you hear them coming, fly without me. I must see the Baron ne." Jacques wrung his hands. "What! folly !" he cried, trying to detain him ; 1 " it is no time for adieux." But Living- ] ston broke away from him, and vanished. "It is the accursed evil eye," muttered j Jacques, crouching down on the stairs; " it is the ghastly presence of Madame the dead Baronne. This brave monsieur is bewitched ! Blessed Madonna, grant that we escape safely ! and I vow to give thee two wax-lightB, and two for blessed St. Jean Baptiste." Livingston turned to go up the turret stair, one wild impulse in his heart. His love, his little helpless darling ! What! leave her here in the power of the Prus sian troopers 1 Better die with his sword in his hand, defending her. His hand touched the handle of the door of the turret-chamber. He rapped softly ; there was no answer. He waited an instant; could she have left the room, and be, even now, a prisoner ? The 1 thought was agony ; he tried the door with greater force, and it gave way un i der his hand, and he crossed the thres hold. There was some light in the room ; it came from a lamp which hung on a bracket on the wall. Directly beneath the light, on a small sofa, lay Lucille asleep. One little hand pressed the soft white cheek, which was, even yet, wet with tears ; the golden hair lay in bright masses on her neck, and streamed over the dingy damask covering of the sofa—just the fairest and purest vision that man ever beheld, made all the fairer for her strange surround ings. With a noiseless step, Livingston crossed the floor and bene over her, lower, lower, till a tress of the bright hair just touched his hand; the impulse had hardly time to form itself into a thought, when a tender, passionate kiss fell gently on the lovely lips, and with a slight start, Lucille awoke. " Henri, Henri!" she murmured softly, gazing up into the eyes bent upon her, " you have come to me—at last!" At the touch of the great enchanter's wand the sleeping Princess had awakened ; at Love's first kiss Undine had found her soul! She quite awoke then, blushed vio lently, and rose up. Livingston clasped her hands and knelt at her feet. He told her in hurried words of the danger ; he nrged her to trust to his protection as she would to that of her father, and fly with him. She was frightened. " Oh, take me away, Henri, to your own land. I am afraid no more of your ice and snow ; you will be there and Lucille happy." A distant noise betrayed the present danger. Livingston sprang to his feet so suddenly that pain wrung a faint groan from his lips. " What is it, Henri ?" she asked, in alarm. In a low, -hasty whisper he begged of her to be still. Was there any place of concealment near 1 was Hark ! a rushing step upon the stairs, voices, and hard raps upon the door. Livingston lifted his pistol; but, quick as light, Lucille thrust him on the sofa behind her, and stood erect and pale, facing the intruders. Just for the mo ment her defender, utterly weak, could not rise. " Hold!" she cried, as the fearless courage of her long line of warlike ances tors shone in every line of the girl's face, and made the foremost soldier pause, in voluntarily. " Who dares enter the Cha teau d'Orvaleunbidden, and withdrawn sabres ? Do the Prussians war with wo men 1" "Mafoi, mademoiselle, the Prussians may, but we do not," said a respectful voice in French, as a young officer forced his way through the foremost of his men and doffed ms plumed casquette to her with courtly grace. " This is the second time to-day that our helmets have gained us the unenviable distinction of being Prussians. We are a company of French cuirassiers en route—Henri, mon brave, is it thee 1—what does thee here broke off the officer in utter surprise. And, to the no less intense surprise of Lucille, she saw the Frenchman clasp him enthu siastically. "Tranquillise thyself, mon ami," cried Harry, laughing. "I have a lame shoul der, Adolphe, and thou hast a veritable bear's hug. Let me present yon to Ma demoiselle la Baronne d'Orvale ; Made moiselle, this is Captain Adolphe de Mon taign, a life-long friend." "I must ask pardon of Mademoiselle la Baronne for my intrusion," said the captain ; " but we found the chateau en tirely empty, and my men were anxious to explore it. I trust you will accept a thousand apologies ; it only remains for me to take my leave of Mademoiselle." " Monsieur is pardoned," said the lovely young chatelaine, extending her hand ; " but surely you will not depart thus 1 Here is Monsieur Henri, who—" but a burning flush covered her face as she caught Livingston's eye, and she paused in a confusion that was all the deeper for its novelty. Livingston came to her rescue and ad vised De Montaign to let his men bivouac at St. Etienne, while he stayed the night at the chateau. De Montaign accepted the invitation with alacrity ; and when he retired to arrange his dress before supper, he laughingly assured Livingston that he should not at all object to a wound, pro vided bo lovely a physician could fall to his lot. But Liviugston's wound proved no sinecure ; for after the surrender of Ba zaine at Metz, he found himself still too disabled to join his regiment. It pro mised to be rather a long affair of sick ness, possibly through neglect of the wonnd at first, and Livingston resigned his commission. He had to resign the hospitality of the chateau as well, for a fresh gouvernaute came there for Mademoiselle, and en forced propriety. It did not matter, Livingston laughingly said ; it would not be for long : once let him get strong, and then And then, when that desirable end was accomplished, and he could stand straight and well again, a quiet ceremony was per formed in the chateau chapel by the old curd of St. Etienne ; and Henry Living ston carried away the Baronne from poor distracted France to his own domains in his own land. They sometimes talk of going back to the chateau, where Jean-Marie and Mar got keep guard and watch for them. But honest Jacques, in attendance on his mas ter, shakes his head, and crosses himself at the bare idea of again venturing within the region of the evil eye. D. V. The Albuiy 4 Post' says :—A daugh ter of Mr. P. Byrnes, a publican, near Euabalong, died very suddenly on the 29th January. She was only 15 years of age, but was 5 feet 11 inches high. After having her breakfast she said she felt ill, dropped her head, and died. 