JOHNNY GEDDES; OB, THE ADVENTURES OF A SCOTTISH PACKMAN. BELATED BY HIMSELF. Chapter YI.—My Notable Ghost Adventure. I'm no of a superstitious nature—far frae it, nor am I what ye could ca' a cowardie— as I mean to show after a wee in relating a notable spuilzie I had wi' twa escapit con victs ; hut I ask ony. sensible man if he thinks, gin he was placed exactly as I was in the subjoined adventure, he would have acted greatly different ? I'm thinking that unless he be like Tammy Bauchles, abantle readier, with words than deeds, his honest reply, after perusing the: same, will -be, " No, Johnny, no." : ; I was wandering along a-geyah' high point of the Ochils ae beautiful and balmy evening in August, meditating on'the good of the Almighty in blessing me -wi' an e'e and a heart to- appreciate a' things lovely and attractive—mair* particularly the glorious sunset that I had just sat-looking doon upon from my. high1 elevation. To see the; hills and glens dying peacefully below me, bathed in glints1 o' yelbwsun^ shine, and suffused with the burning re flection of the crimson clouds aboonj and to. behold the bosoms, of the wandering. Tay - and Earn glowin' like' the sea .of molten, fire spoken o' in the Revelations, wi' a' nature around me sinking into, a dwamy hush of Ire pose, might weel banish a' worldly thoughts; for the time from my breast and keep me chained to the spot with my chin resting on: my ellwand^ and my pack lying forgotten, behind me, till', a gude wheen. valuable minutes had flown into eternity. And when atlast, with a suppressed .sigh for the departed glories, I did stir my shanks, I found, as many a ane has before me, that. what I had- gained in peaceful meditation, and religious feeling I was likely to lose in. worldly" comfort—in a word, I was likely to be benighted. On, therefore, I warselled with quickened steps, for I had never travelled that gait afore; and, though I can put up with muckle discomfort with out a sigh or a grumble, I carena to do so . till I have tried every lawful expedient for the bettering o' mysel'. It was with much joy and inward satisfaction, then, that I at last sighted the lights and outline of abraw house, which, though not of great size, had,. as I afterwards discovered, the advantage of viewing the country for thirty miles around. Here I was so hospitably received by a few servants, and so successful in lightening my pack, baith in kitchen and1 drawing-room, that I considered myself" housed for the nicht. Ye; can guess-my dumfoundered look when I was very* doucely and politely informed that it was= getting late, and that I had getter gang my ways. "I beg your pardon," I said, starting up. at ance, with a blush at my ain stupidity for intruding sae lang; " but the fact o' the. matter is that wi' the maister here being; sae kind and mensefu', and sae weel ac ;uaint wi' Maister Text, my minister when 'm at hame, I thocht maybe ye micht ;hae puttin' me up for the nicht." . "Certainly; there's naething we wad hae likit better," said a bit cheery servant lassie, taking me up; " ye're sic gude com pany, and we see sae few strangers here, and we've heard sae often o' Johnny Geddes, the packman. But ye see hoo we're placed'; It being the heat o' summer, we're crowded ■ to the very; door wi' strangers. Even we oorfiel's, the servants, are crowded thegither in twasand threes glad to get.a place to lay oor heids." " And the lang and the short of it is, Maister Geddes," said anither, beginning where she left aff, " if you had stayed there wad hae been but - a "choice of evils—[the loft abune the stable,1 or-the haunted bed chamber."' "■ r-/ - - " A loft,-wi'plenty o' gude clean'strae intill't is no bad quarters," T cheerfully1 • re - tufned; f'flnd- afore11 would face-ah un travelled road in the dafk'.I would e'enput upwi't. [ But what's that you said abbot a haunted chamber ?" > But here a hush fell upon them all, and they lookit frae side td side in a fearful way, as'if expecting a tribe of ghosts and warlocks to appear on'the instant. "Oh, flinna speak,o't for ony sake; it sets a' my flesh/a grub," cried Maggie,1 the servant lassie, stopping her fingers in her ears and -turning white in- the face. " Maister Geddes could never sleep there, so there's an end o't."' " And what for no ?" I coolly made answer.' "Itil he a gude comfortable- room, rse-warrant, wi' a cleatt saft bed in it; and what mair could a ihody.wish;; Tm-an elder o' the kirk and hae -few 'ghbsts hatmting my ,conscience,'so it's unco improbable that ony wraithsbr long-n'ebbitthingswad-fash i wi' me. But what is it haunted wiV'ginahbdy inicht'-spSer?"-r-j wi oai v.ul b-:id " Wi'the ghost o' puir Mr. Shilpit^ the CriefiMawyer, that cam' berefortheb&nefit; o! ;*:•!<> on i..•••{ : i> I wrt'j c-". • .1-v ...-.i vie.--.:* •N o''his' health,'^ put in the other 'servant. 1\. "Ye' see he had rackit his brains into hiad v-rigas about a cuddie case * on1 which < he was ^ engaged, aid could never get at a' the ins and oots o't, till at • last he got sae doited ^'that folk said-he was the greatest cuddie • himsel'. Weel, he cam here: on a pleasure '• visit, but hanged himsel' in his bedroom with a daud cut affthe bell pull, which,' a' ' • things considered, was baith improper and \--ungrateful. I think when aman wants to hang himsel' he should - dae it at hariie in a 1 quiet -and orderly manner, and no gang ' making a ghost-howf " o' other ' folk's . h008e8." " - • a a ' • Ah! but that's no the war8t o't either," f put in a third, " for when his wife was rather suddenly informed o' the- deed she : \- rushed in her nicht-gown to a bit garden : 1 attached to her ain house, and wad hae thrown hersel' into a wee loch close at han'; but for violent hands bein' laid on her to • ■-prevent it. But she never recovered the. '; shock, but dee'd soon after; and then, waud •."-ye"believe it, nathing waud ser her but she •' maun sen' her ghaist awa' ower here into. ' - oor garden, where she wanders aboot a' in . " -white, looking in at the haunted chamber,, • and wringing her hands in terror Pnd; \- l anguish as if she saw what was' gaiin on, t- but was powerless to prevent the terrible deed." ' '"Gude saye; us, that's a horrific tale," • said I; "but what is't that's seen inside ?" r - " Naething but him hingin' by the neck as deid as a herrin'. Sometimes,they- say, he gies his legs a bit funk, as muckle as to say, ' Cut-me-doonf-btu o' that I'm no sure, having nev,er seen the ghaist mysel'." , • • «tHas onybody else here seen the ghaist?" I asked, looking rpund on the concerned , .lookingfaces. , r ' " Naebody," was the immediate reply " we a' tak'' 'gude care no tae see it, for everybody, that sees it dwines awa' and dees o'" a broken heart." •: Aweel, I'm no likely to dee:o' a broken heart; I'm ower auld. in the horn for that , .noo," I responded, after thinking a-wee. £ If my heart hafi been meant to be broken .it rwad hae,,gaen,lang-.syne(when I was a / hantle younger, and smarter. But wka , ,;has seen the ghajsts, Jhen ?"j i ■ . , I' . (' Twa thre,e visitors "that were put- iuto / the "room, without thocht.. Ae nicht was , aye enough for the bravest o' them." And ae nicht is a' that; Johnpy Geddes ^jigquires/Zsaid,.I';, <{for by the break of etday.I'll be aff like, a lintie—so I'll e'en sleep • in the haunted chamber."; , r-,: pi Naethin' • could; picture orr describe the v /bpEror.mingled;..wi' admiration that this j { announcement excited. A clamor o' voices jmstantly tried .to dissuade me from the ven vi-lmrej apd as'for the tenderrhearted Meggie, / she,assured me, with tears of pity in li9r • : ,p.'en,':that afore morning I wad be lying dead , 'Land.pauld in thebed, frichtit into my,grave v ibj-the .uncanny, siclits. But to the natural /r-brayery -and' sound sense , with which I . had been bleBsed there now was added a , . strong,curiosity to investigate and put au v end to all sic foolish rumors; and so deter : .mined and fearless did. I appear that they •, at length gied owre trying to reasoh-me oot of it. . , " He that will tae Cupar, maun tae . Cupar," said Meggie at last. . " But, my ...,,sahg, ye'll ruelt. The warst o't is that the room's next to mine, and if I hear onything I'll he frichted oot o' my seven senses,, and .also dying wi' curiosity to see what's gaun .on. So, Maister .Geddes, whatever ye see, 3 keep : quiet, or. ye'll hae my death, on yer. shpothers as weel as yer ain." • " Aweel, Meggie, my lass,, that's the last ; i thing.that I wad wish," said I wi' a blythe v:• blink o' my e'e.-into her sonsy young face, 1 'that- showed that a touch of my youthful gallantry still ran dirlin' through my auld i bluid. ... \- • v. ".I wad never sleep mair if I thocht that" ce '.aiie sae. bonnie. and kind -.wad: dee o' a ■;.-;:broken heart instead o' getting weel man-it; so, if ye hear ony.thing or feel. inclined to start , up, just gang contrar,, and keep yer ■ v.-o-heid;'. below the claes, and then ye'll see .'^naething."- • ,._■ . : ; r,ii .Shortly: after this—which was spoken t/lower a canty bit supper^rl was, conduckit i c?to .the,dreaded apartment; and sae deep 1 !wa8 the interest taken in my hauld. exper: S;{r nment^that I Was accompanied-the hale di: :i/c:tance: along the.cool passages by a' the vi:i servants in. a body;; Govidick ! it was v'.- rjsnough to gar a body^tkink himsel' a hero or p'Y/a:genefal at ance! JBut. when I had bade yja them gude nicht,:and got a glint.:o? their wondering" and pitying faces, and closed the;d.oor .to keep'.the candle from isputter -/-:;.ing in the draught into shrouds .and wind ;,e: ing.8heets, and begoodto survey the great i ; eerie bedroom, I didna feel just sae. bauld \- as L.wad hae likit. The; subdued whisper ; rling o'j the servants as. they'[retreated to !.:.d theirn.ain rooms . seemed, to : I leave'■ me suddenly alane in the world—I mean as far ].-, jasrpny: human being was concerned—bat (Suddenly shut up wi' a horde o' invisible and * . r-; wicked spirits wha; wad think little o' pook ...-' ingmeby the lug, whisking me up the luny V; . pr sqme other^mad-like spulzie, m revenge {/(for my. boasting,and scepticism. The hale ....room begood to'lopk ghastly and shadowy ; '[••■the. tall -bedposts and: ancient draperies t> were like. fourrsbeeted wraiths looking • sternly doon on-me an' my. bit lichted candle, as muclde ■ as to say, " Wretched ■; man—irreverent intruder—what dost thou here ?" The shutters groaned as I opened ,;hem to the back that Iimightna sleep in .. in the.morning; andin spite.o'melcouldna .: keep hack a rueh -o' remembrances; o' hor rible murders, suicides, wraiths,-ghosts^nd . .. goblins that had been related in my hearin' . . .indaysgaenhy. ." Johnny, lad, this'll never, dae," I said :, to mysel'; but the horrible hollow soun' o' amy.ain;vpice in;,that.sepulchre ,o'; a room ' effectually stoppit me frae sayirlg. another r .word. I.whuppit;aff:my claes,; carefully. //hanging them up, to be,oot o'.the:du8t,;said;. j j. nay prayers as usual, end, .then; efter," gieinV J the cods;a. gude yrallop up. to ;mak' thepi: j; sgftjfor, my head anil induce sleep,: I loupit / an/as ^mart.raf jf -a . hrownie had b.e®n ./.,n^xh^/a;fsnap at :my ■ J)igr:.taC, jand then. to, sleep. !•„•, -.l J didna sppceed [tbat/bad either, a' things - considered, and was'ijust jdowibringi ower, oOfiptouUconscioii'sness when something played-, ,[,:(dirll;atviane1!Oi the xfireiions,; causing: it to r,r,jqqmiej[i{;lhsh,idQwn:ck> th'O/fenderj.raising (a,: •■ehtbcstfahd ghpetlyj-echoesluaud:leaving me: ymst»6^griujtheYmid.dle;ol thftfltQO? tojwhich viidisjl spyj^iq®th jthea'cauld,i;aw6et;trink-l. 'Iv^iiftfidopAmyflbwiwiafidrback likq:drops b' vP^y. jhairl creeping^-up: 'onrnmy? head like the fur on the" tail qf: ajhairy'i erlA^hfcic&t.; :i\K 'ihiq V> odd ffWi s-. I cried; hut gbaists are no gein to answer ing mony questions, so this ane remained silent, being naething I jalouse but a ratten or mouse that had wandered that airt and in a doited way played stumble against the tangs. My candle was oot and I had not in my pooch the means of lighting it, my spunks having run dune; and leaving a proper investigation; till morning, I was ahoot to loup into bed again, when a siclit never to he forgottentill the last day I live caught my e'e,and froze me into a petri faction on the spot. I was at some distance frae the window, and the moon outside was shining dimlv, yet as plainly as I now see this' sheet o*\ paper did I see against the light the form of a man hanging by the neck from the knob of the shutter. '/Oh, Lord, Johnny, ye're in for it noo," I faintly gaspit oot, as I staggered back against:the bed, wi' my/e'en jumping. oot ©' my head towards the dreaded ghaist. , - I covered up my, e'en for a minute, gied them a'gude rub, opened them, and looked towards the, window ance mair; but there : still hung., the; horrible spectre,. stiff and silent, against the dull sky. This was ower muckle for me" and doon'I drappit on my knees, while a roar of terror cam whumpling • up my throat in spite o' me, • '/Oh,. Mr. =Shir-i—lpit,. its only me,; Johnny Geddes, a bit packman boody fra'e' Claikhanga,". I gaspit oot in a. stutter of terror. "And let me aff this;time and I'll never dae't again." • .No a word, no a cheep did the awful figure utter in reply, and indeed it was foolish o' me to expect such a thing, seeing it was a " hangit" ghaist, and therefore likely to hae its utterance stoppit. But the moment after some clouds moving aff the mune. showed me the. spectre in a somewhat clearer light, and then it struck me that,the hat on its head was no unlike my ain. Emboldened by this, discovery, I took a step or twa forrit,. and then the hale mystery was explained. The awfu' spectre was nouther mair nor less .than my ain breeks, coat and hat, whichXhad hung up omilie knob o' the shutter ready to slip on ; in the morning! . . . Weel, after this discovery I leuch and | leucb, staggering and stamping about the room, ower. chairs and a' things, till • ye'd thought the hale house, wad , hae been waukened; and it never struck,me that in the midst of my jubilee and self-congratu lation there had been a number of - wee squeals and some flustering in the room ad jacent to mine. ^ — ' il -My mirth was destined to be of short | duration, for, just as I was leaning hack on the bed the, tetter to support myself, I glanced oot at the garden behind, and there I saw a fluttering . white; spectre that in stantly chilled the laugh on my lips, and again plunkit me down on mv knees, shiver ing and shaking like a lump of potted heid. "A—a—a see it noo! I cried, wi'chat tering teeth. " It's Mary Shilpit come to look for the ghaist o' her man—and he's 110 here—and she'll maybe tak' me. Gh—0—;o —0! what's to be dune noo ?" There could be hae doot about this ghaist, for it was a woman, for it moved, and wrung its hands, and joukit it's head forrit" to keek the better into the haunted cham ber, with eyes, shining ., in the dark like rabbits'; and as it did so I let'obit'a''yell such as I. r e'er heard the like o' afore or since. A yell did I call it—it was a hale cataract of yells driven intae ane; then my senses begoud to leave me as the spectre glided, nearer to the window. Then the pale lips of it opened, and faint and low I heard the words— J " Maister Geddes, Maister Geddes, what's wrang wi' ye ? Tell me quick if ony thing's happened. Eain, fain wad I hae answered, though it was hut a ghaist that spoke, and she ance the wife of alawyer;but I, Johnny Geddes, am hut frail humanity, like yersel', after 'all. The tongue clove to the roof of my mouth; the words I*would have uttered' died away like the.croak of a ro'opit craw.-1 staggered forrit, groping wildly aboot with my arms, with the e'en 0' the ghost'shining in on me wi' melancholy interest,.; and then mercif u! , nature came to my rescue, and sank me in .j insensibility. ' I was wakened by seeing a number of candles held doon owreme, aird feeling some one handing me up on the' carpet, while Meggie, the servant, in her nicht gown, poured a luggie of water on my bald pate, • "Oh, Johnny, what did ye see?" sire .cried, .as I recognised, her as the ghaist of Mrs. Shilpit. " I ran into the garden at the' hack whenever I' heard the sound o' you laughing; but; though I lookit in at the window, and asked if ony thing was wrang, ye were staggrin'. ahoot unable to answer me. What was it ye saw ?" , "I saw," I said, looking gev weel ashamed: of mysel' as I: tried to face the crowd of alarmed inmates who hung around me— " I saw naething hut my: ain breeks and I *hat hanging on the shutter knob, and after wards you yoursel' keeking in at the win dow in yer sark." / ,X. [Next week.—A Detective story Hunting for a Breastpin."] 7 