BREVITIES. (Compiled trom our exchanges.) 21,150 tons of coal were exported from Newcastle last week. Dog-stealing is the late prominent outcome of kleptomania in Sydney. A child three years old was killed at Poddington, Sydney, by the frame of a luanglc falling on it. At G-undagai, last Friday, John Martin was committed to take liia triaj'on a charge of arson At Carlton, Victoria, several larrikins have been committed for trial for- assaulting the police. In South Australia the expenditure for one year was over £9000 for rabbit destruction. The Jewish Now Year, Anno Mundi, 5640, will be observed on Thursday and Friday next. In Sydney last Saturday a child was run over by a gingerbcer cart and killed almost instantaneously. An accident occurred atiJjhadwell's 6aw mills, "Liverpool- street, Sydney, wheleby a man was crushed to death. A youth at. Cowra lately saw several ghosts whilst returning from his religious duties, and " other interesting occupations" A prosecution has been commenced against the Daily Te\egraph, Melbourne, for publishing a nowspapor not properly registered by Act of Parliament. It is proposed to present Mr. Roberts, the mayor of Sydney, with a siivcr cradle, owing to an increase in li'is family during his mayoralty. A resident, of Melbourne lately dispersed a mob of larrikins by firing blank cartridges from a revolver amongst them. Since the Pastorals have been issued, one hundred new members have joined the Orange Lodge at Bathurst. The Rev. Father Twomey, who was recently struck with paralysis whilst performing Muss at Turnut, has recovered from his illness. Michael Charters, a Deniliquin butcher, has been committed for trial on a charge of rape, preferred against him by a married woman in his employ. A young girl, newly arrived in Melbourne from Sydney, was enticed into a Chinese brothel by a procuress. She was rescued in time by the police. The other evening a Balmain steamer struck a waterman's boat, and precipitated six persons into tho water. No lives were lost. The Sydney Meat Preserving Company have received the gold medal awarded to them by the Commissioners of tlie Paris Exhibition. During tho late heavy rains a shepherd has been drowned in the Micalago Creek and his body was carried a mile down the stream. \- The Bishop of Sydney urges the maintenance of Denominational schools, but refuses to join the Catholic prelates in the political movement. 255ozs. of gold have been obtained from a ton of quartz got iu the St. Mungo Co's lease, Eaglebawk, Victoria. A man went to a hotel in Sydney and called for a glass of beer, shortly afterwards the landlord of the hotel found him sitting on a scat dead. In anticipation of the Prince of Wales visiting the colonics, the Victoriun Minister for Railways is having a spocial carriage built for tho use of His Royal Highness. At Wollongong last Saturday evening Archbishop Yaughan discoursed on the education question. Ho said that his object and views had been misrepresented. • The Marquis of Norinanby, Governor of Victoria, and Mr. J. Wcild, Governor of Tasmania, arrived at Sydney, per train from Albury, on Monj day morning, and arc the guests of Lord Loftus. A young lad named Webb was found hanging i jB a room at Sandhurst on^Monday. It is sup- I posed that he may have been practising 6ome gym- | nastic feat. The name of Murrumburrah station has been altered to North Murrumburrah and the platform to Murrumburrah, and the day passenger and mail train will stop at. both places. In Victoria, a woman, after suffering severe pains in the stomach, vomited a worm six inches long. Contained in its body were the germs of a myriad of young. On"Saturday last, a man was killed at, tho Exliition building.' He wos shifting machinery. His licadj was frightfully crushed and almost severed from his body. It. is thought the Kelly gang, or some other gang, intend visiting Gundngai as the local constabulary of that place havo been notified to be particularly vigilant. Fiftv pounds weight of gold have been found in the locality of Burrandong, Wellington, ill one find, lately. It consisted of nuggets from 15 to 10 lbs., and the remainder coarse gold. Last Friday Mr. Boucicjnilt, proprietor of the North- a-u Ayus, Eockhamplon, was fined £50 and costs by the Supreme Court for publishing comments on a case while it was stibjudice. Last "week the dead body of a man was found lying in the forecastle of a ship lying at Miller's Wharf, Sydney. The doctors say it had been dead three days. Mrs. Butler, a married woman, .whilst in liquor, and whose son had recently been convicted, of larceny at the Melbourne Sessions, cut her throat freni ear to ear and died shortly afterwards. A woman who saved an insui-anoe company £1000 by quenching a fire in Castlereagh-street, Sydney, has been';rowarded with 403. The blonketB she destroyed at the time cost her 66s. 1 A young man dropped down, dead at Gladesville while drinking a glass of brandy. , Medical men say that licoit dlse'usc was the cause of death j temperante lecturers blame the brandy. • : A man'nained Donaldson, residing at Goulburn, while in a state of intoxication walked • out of the window of a second-floor room, thinking it was the front door of the house. He first alighted on the verandah roof o,nd then fell from that to the footpath injuring his spine. ' THE (government offer a reward of £25 for infol', miitiori that shall lead to the apprehension of the persons who set fire to the property of S. W. Kelly at Parltcs on 29th August Ml 1 . Kelly himself offers £25 for the like information. The Prize Poem on the International Exhibition, for which the proprietors of the S. M. -fferaW offered some time ago one hundred guinoas, is to be pub- lished in that paper to-day. Tho prize has fallen to a -colonial author. There were 250 competitors. At Ballarat a man named' Aslifield struck his son on the head'with a Bfcick,. sorioiialy injuring him. Thelad iwos taken to tliq hospital.'n The father received an injury tp his he'ad some thne «go, and his wish must eyidenfly be; " like fafbor^ike son." , , > 1500 immigrants are. on tlieir way to this colony froiti England. 'Tbp Minister for Works ;was tola, tlje-'ofcher day th'dt ffiei-'e 'viol^'lBOO labourers out'of' ctaploy in Sydney, 1 and tbob : they*ti%re'-'in fact attuajly starving. -Pleasant' .this tor the new 1 Arrivals. , • •• ! An attompi was mado .at. CrMwlck, Victoria, to shoot, a young fmarrjed, woman named ^ Whitings, wiioso'iinion had caused,'family dissensions.' The wpuld'be ttssasslti went close to her window and fired at the >bbd, just nlisling Uis intended' victim. ! A lover oF the : Tcrpischorcan art, residing at Tichborne, determined to go to the calico ball at> Parkes, Ending he could not cross, the bridge -owing to the witbr iainning <(ver it, stripped and swam the -creek, -wallred into toV$ nskfed/a di6tiance' of, three iniles,' purchased 1 clothing, and fchen attended the balL .: , • • . Lost week Mr.-Gaunston, a member of the Victorian Parliament; stated in the House that he thought it- was only fair that each momber who intended to visit tho Sydney Exhibition should be voted £100, seeing that two members reeeivod£5000 lutcly to go to England. • I11 Molbourne lately on advertisement appeared in one of tho daily newspapers as follows : "Wanted good carpenters, three shillings a day, ten hours, good rcforct)ce." 1 The. paper says the number required were engaged at tho terms. If this be true Violoria must ipdted be ia a bid ete-te, 