The War in South America. After an unusual period of quiescence, the Republican States which form the débris of Spanish sovereignty in South America have again broken out into war- Hired, we suppose, of the monotony of internal commotions, while their soldier of fortune statesmen are probably fired with all ambition to show themselves Moltke's in strategy, Mid Bismarcks in diplomacy. Insignificant as the? " battles of kites and crows" which generally characterises South American squabbles may be in comparison with those such as we have been accustomed to hear of in Europe of late years, and though no British interests are directly involved with presenters, the situation presents several features of considerable interest, The extermination of the Paraguayan people, in spite of their heroic resistance, was almost unique in history sand we do not expect a recurrence of any such EOtwational catastrophe ; but there will certainly be 3 considerable disturbance in the ordinary course of commerce is' certain articles, and there will most probably be on encounSsr between ironclads. of cotupnfatïvely recent construction, from which much may be learned by naval authorities. The original casus belli between Chili and Bolivia is said to relate to the disputed possession of certain mines, the names of which, however, do not appear in the best maps, on or near the small line of frontier on which the two States' actually touch. But as the Bolivian province nearest that narrow point of contact is Potosi, from the mines of which it is reckoned that 5400,000,000 worth of silver has been extracted since their discovery, it may safely be concluded that Silver, discovered possibly in some fresh locality, is the cause of quarrel. It may be mentioned, by the way, that Professor Stanley Jevons, speaking in America recently against a bimetallic currency, quoted Humboldt and Murchison in support of his views that, when the mines of Potosi were worked by Anglo-Saxons, silver would become such a drug that the nation using silver as a currency would be like Indian women who cripple thotusolveB by loading their arms and ankles with ponderous ornaments of useless metal. But, whatever the dispute may have originally been, it has now to be settled by war, and a hasty glance at the resources of the three bells, grants may not be out of place. Taking the allies first Peru and Bolivia the latter State is unquestionably the one about which least is known in other countries. Her only seaboard being the desert of Atacama, in which no river debouches, and the only so called port, Cobija, being ill-adapted for shipping, her seaborne commerce is practically nil, while she of course possesses no navy. Her form of Government has been chronic anarchy, if the expression is allow- able, even until the time of Marshal Santa Cruz, in 1829-39, the Presidency having been over and over again soiled by military adventurers, of whom there is apparently a good supply even yet, the army, which absorbs two-thirds of the revenue, consisting of 1921 officers, who command rather less than twice than number of privates. On one occasion only has Bolivia succeeded in dipping her hand into the purse of the English public, but Bolivian bond-holders in England are still litigating and lamenting over the loss of £1,700,000 lent in 1872, at about 6 per cent to the "National Bolivian Navigation Company." The population is about two millions, Indiana of course included. Peru, the other " high contracting power in the distance, with a population of about three millions, 60 percent being Indians, has managed to extract no less than fifty millions sterling from the British public in the way of loans, though borne two-thirds of the money was borrowed for the extinction of former debts. Heir guano deposit and the commerce carried on at Callao and minor parts in bark, cochineal, and llama and alpaca wool, have enabled her to enter the market as a borrower on so large a Beale. Chili, with nearly as large a population as Peru, exports to the value of £7,000,000, chiefly to England, nearly one-third of that amount being represented by copper. It is, as we have hinted, to the naval aspect of the war that outside attention will be chiefly di lected. Chili and Pom both possess ironclads, and the contest for the superiority at sea will decide which of the two will be enabled to destroy the commerce of the other and blockade for few ports-a rnatUv of considerable interest to all concerned in the staple commodities of either country. Chili, according to the Statesman's Handbook, possesses at least two very formidable ironclads, the Almirante Cochrane and the Valparaiso, designed by Mr. H. J. Reed, and built at Hull. The armor at the water-line, consisting of 9in. plumes and a loan, teak backing, is fastened into the skin plating and supported by angle iron frames inside and longitudinal angle iron girders outside, while a heavy armament of three guns on each side is so disposed as to cover every point of the compass. Both those vessels no 2200 tons and 2500 horse-power. Peru, on the other hand, has the Clyde-built monitor Huascar, of which Admiral de Horsey gave a good account some two years ago, and the American monitor Atahualpa, as well as the very powerful I am Indopeiidenciii, built on the Thames in 1845\. The contest is not likely to be long delayed, as the struggle for the blockade is likely to be of vital importance in deciding the result of the war, and we may shortly expect to hear of a naval engagement which will have important effects on commerce, and practically settle many disputed points in naval construction Mel- bourne Age. Loud North and his parliamentary opponent, Colonel Bine, both became blind towards the close of their lives. The two were afterwards brought together on a certain occasion, ( when Lord North said " Colonel, you and I have been at variance ; but I believe there are now no two persons in the world who would be more glad to see each other." Eku of conversation between two friends : " Ernest ? Don't talk to me about Ernest ; he is a Communist." " Pardon me, my friend, I, admit that he is a Democrat, Radical, Atheist, and anything else you may chose to call him, but there is a very broad chasm between him and Communism." " And how do you know it 1" " His income amounts to over 540 000 a year." A widow, intending to succeed her husband in the management of a hotel, advertised that " the hotel will be kept by the widow of the landlord, Mr. Brown, who died last summer on a new and improved plan." A coroner's verdict, load thus : " The deceased came to his death by excessive drinking, producing apoplexy in the mind of the jury." A country paper says : "A child was run over by a waggon three years old and cross-eyed, with pancakes on." A fortune-teller was playing his calling in the presence of an awe-stricken group of country folk, when a stranger approached, crossed-his palm with silver, and received the usual predic- tion of health, wealth, a pretty wife, and sixteen children. "Humph!" says the stranger, cynically. I " Well, that's not so bad as folk. in your profession go, but I can tell you your fortune better'n you can yourself." "Rash mortal begins the seem. " Come, now," says the stranger ; "I never saw you before in my life, but I can tell you where you will sleep every night for the next six months, and you couldn't tell"-"Thestarry orbs"- "So you don't know? You'll sleep in jail for obtaining money under false pretences. Come along with me." [Displays badge and marches off' necromancer.] Was Shakespere the discoverer of the circula- tion of the blood? Brutus addressing Portia says ; You are my true and honorable wife ; As dear to me as are the ruddy drops That visit my sad heart. Again Warwick, by the bedside of the murdered Gloucester, exclaims :- < ( See how the blood is settled in his face I Oft have I seen a timely parted ghost, Of ashy semblance, meagre, pale, and bloodless Being all descended to the labouring heart ; Who, in the conflict that it holds with death, Attracts the same for aldance 'gainst the enemy Which with the heart there cools, and ne'er returneth To blush and beautify the cheek again. But see, his face is black, and full of blood. These passages have been quoted to show that Harvey's discovery was known to Shakespere. " Julius Caesar" is supposed to have been written between 1603andl607 ; Shakespere died in 1610. Harvey began to lecture on anatomy in 1615, and the book in which he gave to the world his discovery did not appear till 1628, but he settled in London in 1864, and thus he and Shakespere may have met ; but after all, as Dr. Willis remarks in the extracts referred to, Shakespere' refers to nothing more than the current opinion that the blood was in motion within the heart and vessels, particularly the veins. Literary World. 