ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c; " Struck Oil," at the Theatre Royal, has j served for a month's use, and the public, the management, and the stars have declared | themselves well satisfied. To-night it is j to give place to " Arrah na Pogue," which, j although not new, will Bhow our friends, Mr. and Mrs. Williamson, in so new a light, that it will come to us with a reflected quality of newness. They played it for many weeks in London, and afterwards in Dublin, and were declared to have more than satisfied the best judges in both these places. It is said to have been got up with a particular attention to the appropriateness of stage particulars. Its last presentation was in con nexion with Mr. Wheatleigh's re-appearance, when, it will be remembered, Miss Myra Kemble made so pronounced a success as Arrah Meelish. At the Opera-house on Saturday night, Mr. Tom Taylor's comedy of " New Men and Old Acres" was produced for the third time in Melbourne. It was first played here, as will be remembered, at the Princess's eight or nine years ago, on the occasion of Mr. Bayless becoming manager of that theatre, and it was revived at the Theatre Royal about two years ago, when the nine importations from England were introduced to th$ public of this city. It is a good comedy, but not one which is ever likely to become popular in the ordinary Bense. For it has no im pressive story, no strong situations, and no markedly individualised characters. The story is the old one of an ancient family obliged to yield their long-possessed estates to a parvenu, and in this conflict of social interests, the respective merits of each side are cleverly set forth. As an eBsay in social economy, the play is very well; as a drama calculated to catch the average preference, it is not so .well. There is nothing in it excitingi or engrossing, or powerfully fascinating. The bead of an old family is a wife- governed, middle-aged gentleman, and his wife is a woman of the world, who keeps her eye always on the maiiyibance. There are two girlB, one a good- natured, slangy, young lady of the period; the other'an ethereal young person, who commnneB with nature, and has a bias in favour of the chastening dis cipline of the early church. The young men include a Liverpool merchant of the best kind, and an aristocratic scion who struggles piteously to pass the civil service examine, tipn. The comic element is made up of a pair of rich vulgarians, man and wife, and there is a lawyer of the practical sort, who being a lawyer is also a gentleman, and who because he is a lawyer does not consider it necessary to exhibit all manner of eccentri cities which, sometimes, are apparently re garded aa concomitants of the legal pro fession wlien represented on the stage. This character waB played by Mr. William Tarren, junior, a gentleman who not only hai p.n illustrious name, but (Who does credit to it. The part of Mr. Seeker, $$ attorney, is not a principal one, but it is fat from being an un. important factor in the business of working ont the story, and Mr. Farren deserves mow than passing mention, for the unforced naturalness with which he fitted himself into the situations, so as to help out the effect without ever forcing it. His acting was so good, that it would have been easy to over look his merit on acconnt of its being 8o judiciously subordinated to the common re. suit, just as you are apt to forget exactly how a perfectly-dressed woman is dressed. In manner Mr. Farren played this subordinate part so well, that you wonder at its ex cellence, seeing how completely free hig acting was from any quality of obtrusive, ness. Of Mr. Marshall's Bunter, the self-made man, the vulgarian, the uneducated parvenu the pious Bchemer, whose hypocrisy and greed are of equal height, there can be nothing said but that it was lacking in no condition to make it a complete picture. It was humorous without any effort to be so and pointed as if all the points were sudden inspirations, and not pre-calcnlated efforts Moreover, all its effect went on with a cumulative kind of march. It bettered as it grew. It was comic without caricature, and broad without burlesque. Miss Taylor's Mra. Bunter was crisply amusing, and she dressed it with such a delicious violation of chro matic agreements, that her ingenuity in this branch of her art, must be more than usually sufficient. Mr. Warde played the Liverpool man with a solid sort of respectability. He did not, it is true, look the young merchant described by the dramatist. He was too prim, and staid, and automatic, to comply with the particulars which go to make up such a character. Nevertheless, for an even, cor rectly-regulated piece of acting, without in dividuality, it may be accepted without very much blame. Mr. Shepherde played the old gentleman very well, but it was very much the same old gentleman he has given us in other pieces. The civil-service candidate of Mr. Cates was excellent all through, and had a most carefully- preserved life-likeness, both as to appearance, manner, and expression. He placed one under no sort of difficulty in imagining him to be the character he re presented. Mrs. Garner, if not entirely equal to such a part as Lilian Vavasour was intended by the author to be, had yet a good deal to recommend her. to favourable nptice. She was bricht, ladylike, and well-dressed, and there were bits in her acting which went at once in the direction of one's liking. Miss Dora Santon's Fanny Bunter was only nega tively acceptable, but Mrs. Stammers, as tha woman of the world, and the mother of a marriageable daughter, was superb in hec bearing, and made the character stand out with a very expressive distinctness. The scheming German, who discovers the iron stone. was played by Mr. Roberts,' who curiously blended the Hibernian with the Teutonic accent, and in this way made it perhaps more amusing than if it had been more completely German. There are three sets of scenery, those for the first and second acts by Mr. Gordon, that for the third" act by Mr. Habbe. The last-named is understood to represent the expensively but not tastefully furnished home of a vulgar, rich man. Mr. Habbe only partially succeeded in realising this result, for with the exception that the paper of the room is a bright red, there is not much to find fault with. Moreover, tha conservatory at the back is extremely pretty* Mr. Gordon's first scene, the ancestral home o£ the Vavasours, is one of those stage pictures which set you longing to live in such a room. For there are no homes in the world like the old homeB of the English landed gentry, and Mr. Gordon has exactly reproduced on the stage, what some of us have seen in the old country. The sight of it sets one wishing to be back again in England. The Becond act, " Among the Ruins," is a very marvel of stage perspective. Even a prac tised eye cannot tell what is flat and what is projection. For colour, atmosphere, and detail it is beyond praise ; and it has thia rare merit, so seldom poateued by stage pic tares, that its parte belong to each other, and do not seem to be portions of different sets. Mr. Gordon is an artist we ought to ba proud of, and it is to be hoped he is going to stay with us alwayl, if for nothing else than to set a good example to otherjartists. On Saturday night, at the Academy, a version of " Uncle Tom's Cabin" was pro duced, the black people in it being princi pally represented by the first Georgia Min strels, and the white people mostly by the company who played in it at the PrinceBs'a when Mr. Bayless produced the piece in the early part of the last year. The most in teresting element now, as she was then, is little Bella Russell's Eva. But since she was last in Melbourne, she has played tha character a good deal In New Zealahft, and although it was at "first a very charming piece of child-acting,' it is^wow -still more charming. It is more truly child-like, the simplicity is more genuinely natural, and the pretty gentleness is so tenderly touching* that there is no resisting Its Effect. For a piece of child-acting it; could hot easily ba distanced J Of the changed very much' foe the better from 'the former -cast, is the sub stitution of Miss Peiham as Oassy £oi;tha lady who previously played it Miss Pelbatn has been too long absent from the Melbourne stage, and the earnestness an& pasaiou she threw into this character, "should be a re« proach to Melbourne managers Bt> long to have neglected to avail themselves ofchec talents. , ' , A t the Princess'^, otherwise People's Theatre, Mrs. Bates appeared on Saturday night aa Capitola in a melodrama called" Life'in the South," but which in April! 1875; wis played for two nights at the Theatre Royal afc The HiddfenHand," during Miss Alny-Stone's engagement. It- puzzled us - then to know what it was fill about, and it pozzies us now. Jt puzelee moBt people to know. It may be (safely stated that if the author herself-for a lady wrote the original story- were asked to unravel the plot, Bhe would perish in the attempt. The heroine iB a young lady who at first iB a boy in ragged raiment, but who afterwardB comeB out as a kind of Diana Vernon, and encounters all manner of dangers without ever getting hurt. On one occasion Bhe is confronted with a hired desperado, whom she causes to be precipitated through a trap-door into a cellar, but whom after wards she liberates from prison, and gives money to fly to other climes. She is the heiress to half a million of dollars, and is per secuted by villains who want the money themselves. On one occasion she rescues another persecuted young lady from a house supposed to be haunted, and after falling asleep is visited in bed by the ghost, who is suddenly seized by several persons and led away to immediate asphyxia-judging by her cries. The heroine has a lover who, judgingby his garments, is in the navy, and he comes in, on several occasions, to rescue her from danger. Indeed, this business of rescue appears to constitute his mission in the world. The rescued young lady has also a lover, but his mission is less apparent. There is an ex ploBive old gentleman, whose mission is clearly to commit promiscuous assaults upon those who do not think the same as he thinkB. . Also, a nigger of that happy frame of mind which makes you question whether it would not have been an advantage to be yourself a nigger, and look at everything on the bright side. Also, a deserted wife, who naturally looks upon the dark side. Alto gether there are 24 characters, besides mis cellaneous coloured persons, and the action is generally lively. Indeed, the liveliness of the action may be accepted as the apology for its coherency, for you cannot tell at what point the dramatic purpose either bkgins or ends. One thing, however, is quite clear-namely, that Mrs. Bates dashes pleasantly through the business from beginning to end, so plea santly that you are not too curious to inquire what the business always means. She is good-natured, sparkling, and self-possessed, and she is an agreeable picture, whether as the ragged boy or the variously-habited young lady. In the sensation scene, where the villain, Black Donald, is thrown down the \rap, she shows how good an actress she is, by the deliberateness with which she conducts her part of the dialogue, and by the care with which she proceeds, .step by step, to the climax, so that the audience are cleverly kept in that state of suspense which helps to de termine the success of the situation. On Tuesday Mrs. Bates appeared in " East Lynne," and as evidence of her power she kept a full house in the most breath-restrain ing silence, during those scenes in which the more strongly emotional manifestations have to be exhibited. And as the audience at this theatre iB not of a .kind to be deeply im pressed with emotionalism, the compliment thus paid her is all the more an acknowledge ment of her merit. On Thursday she played Cynthia in "Flowers of the Forest." She played it admirably well, as we can testify both from this and other occasions upon which we have seen her in it. Among the other characters, particular and emphasised mention must be made of the Starlight Bess of Miss Foley, who could not well be excelled for> the buoyant liveliness and real feeling she threw into the representation. On Saturday last Mademoiselle Charbonnet resumed her malindes at Mr. Glen's concert room. Mademoiselle's opening performance was the first movement in the Second Concerto of St. Saens, and although only an extract from the whole composition, it was given with a power of expression which communicated to it quite an independent meaning. She next played Chopin's Op. 34 Valse, and a mazurka by the same composer, with much poetic feeling. Of the con certed muBic, the " Danse Macabre" was again repeated with a modification in the orchestral accompaniment, much to to its improvement, the executants including the names of Mr. Cope and Mr. Chapman. A sextuor by Fesca, played by Mademoiselle Charbonnet, and Messrs. Curtis, King, Cope, Montague, and Chapman, gave the audience an opportunity of judging of a composition of an especially agreeable kind. The final concerto was a selection, skilfully blended, of airs from "L'Africaine," given with spirited effect by Mademoiselle Char bonnet, Mr. Curtis, Mr. Montague, and Mr. Herz (the latter on the harmonium). Mr. Curtis must be most favourably men tioned for hiB violin boIO, a nocturne of Chopin's Op. 32, No. 1, which showed that he can be not only careful, aB is his wont, but expressively pathetic as may be required. The vocal portions of the matinte were to have been some choral selections by mem bers of the Metropolitan Liedertafel, but, ipstead of these, Miss O'Brien Bang with a good deal of feeling, "Kathleen Mavour neen" and " A Dream within a Dream." - On Monday night the Melbourne Lieder tafel gave their 129th concert at theAthe naaum, this being a gentlemen's night. The feature of the occasion was the choral sing ing, and this was done altogether by members of the . association, and done so well as to make, it clear that it was quite needless to seek for aicl other than within the ranks of the Liedertafel itself. Most of the selections were familiar to those who listened to them, but one composition was new, namely, a part song entitled " Peace," by J. F. bridge, a quaintly- comic conceit, but yet having a clingingly melodious air quite out of the common range of such essays. It will surely be of,ten repeated by the Liedertafel choir. The soloists were-Messrs, Turner, who gave veiy well Pontet's "Fog Bell;" Mr. Staker, who delivered himself not ill of Handel's "Love Sounds the Alarm," and Hobbs' "Nina;" Mr. Liitjens, who acquitted himself to the satisfaction of reasonable people in Mozart's " Madamina," and Kiicken's " Moorish Sere nade and Mr. Moroney, who after " The Blacksmith's Song" of W. H. Cummings, gave moBt inspiritingly Fischer's royeter ing air of " Deep in a Cellar." Of the instrumental division it would not be easy to speak with too much praise. The band under Mr. Siede was perfect, and Mr. Siede's flute solo was neces sarily perfect also ; and Mr. Hunter, who is the honorary pianist of the Liedertafel, played so as completely to justify his appoint ment. During the last week workmen have been decorating St. George's-hall for the opening night of the Mammoth Minstrels, who make their re-appearance to-night. The hall is really transformed, and considering the very short time Messrs. Hayman and Hiscocks have had to do it in they deserve more than common credit for their efforts. Mr. Roberts, the decorative artist who has directed the improvements, has added to the reasons for considering him something more than only a decorator. 