i.JVnig^SHRMJ The American^ drama ' Clouds ' is a really good play, well conceived and well worked out by the author ; well acted and well put on the stage, at the Victoria Theatre, this week. In it Mrs. Lewis, who ? »v takes the leading character, appears to much greater ?? advantage than she has so far, done in Sydney. She has a reallv fine part to delineate* and she does it complete justice. In order to understand what she hae to do, a sketch of the plot of this drama, new to -us, must be subjoined. Stella believes herself to be the wife of Ralph Handall, who married her under the name of Gordon. And there is a child. Ralph's father requires him to many Cora Adair, whom he believes to be the daughter of an old friend (but who is, in reality, an impostor) ; and the penalty for not complying with the fathers wish is the loss of all die father s fortune. Ralph yields, tells Stella that the marriage was a fiction, goes to liis father, and promises to marry Cora. Stella, heartbroken, yet finds a few friends, and goes to old Randall's place as house keeper. There she detects the imposture of Cora ; it ie shown how the mock- marriage, which the father regarded merely as an intrigue, was believed by Stella to be genuine ; the son repents, Cora is sent away, the father forgives, and Stella is placed in her rightful position. There arc other people in the action of the play, but this is the subject on which it all turns. There are, it may readily be imagined, two or more ways in which the wrongs of such a woman as Stella Gordon mav be depicted ; but of these onlv one can be correct, and this is the on? which Mrs. Lewis took. She was essentially the woman ; and in this consisted . tlie test of tlie actress. It was possible to throw a great deal more fire and energy into the impersonation of a woman whose wrongs were so deadly, and most actresses would have taken that view of the situation. That Mrs. Lewis did not, is to be set to her credit; for undoubtedly by making the part so essentially femi nine she imparted a special attraction to it. Careful watcliing will detect nothing that is overstrained. The bitterness of Stella's trouble cannot but be ex pressed ; vet that she could bear that bitterness as only a real woman and a mother can, was the idea which Mrs. Lewis gave of the part, and she acted to the life. Mr. Jcrdan, as Ralph Randall, gives a clear notion of the /fliWr aller character, wliich makes a man, under tlie pressure of circumstances, a coward, until his better nature comes to his aid. Mr. Jcrdan is a good actor, and if he could only accustom himself to speak a little more plainly he would be much more effective. The indistinctness of utterance was very noticeable in tliis play, and perliaps the more so because in other respects his manner was very telling. So with Mr. St. Laurence. He rattles his sentences off as if he were at rehearsal merely, and yet there is the material for a capital actor in him, and his Fred Town, the other night, was very intelligently pro duced. Hut, if I may give a hint to both these gen- j tlcmen, it would be only to remind them of what they must already have been taught — the art of combining perfect distinctness of articulation with the most diyage style of acting. Perhaps they have forgotten it, and if so I would mention Mr. Dampier as a striking instance of a man who can assume the 'off-hand' manner with complete ease, and yet of whose utter ances you never lose a word. But more of Mr. Dampier presently. Mr. E. Holloway errs rather on the side of over dietinctnoss and of a set form of speech, which gives ♦ one always tlie idea that he is reciting rather than impersonating. His manner as Ralph Randall's father was everything that could be wished, and a lofty, stilted style of language was probably the idea ; but there was rather too much of it to fit in well. Mrs. llolloway is given to the same old-fashioned style of speaking ; but on tliis occasion she came out of it, and, as Cora Adair, spoke and acted very naturally and far better than usual. Mr. Bland Holt, whom one is glad to see again 011 the Sydney stage, had the 'Paul Pry' character of Buddies, and, as may be imagined, he* played it capitally. Miss Edwin was also good ; in fact, really did well as the im pulsive Ella Randall ; and the other cliaraeters in the dTama were sufficiently good to make the whole ngreeablc. In fact, 'Clouds' is one of the best dramas of its class that we have had here for a long time. In tone it is superior to the ' East Lynne,' ' Hxpiation,' and ' Miss Multon' sort of rubbish ; its emotion is genubie of its kind ; it is free from vulgarity, and it contains some smart bits of dia logue. Of Mr. Dampier' s impersonation this week I can only speak of his Hamlet. Belplicgor hat; been the other, but I was unable to see it. Now, all Sydney playgoers saw Mr. Dampier's Hamlet when he M as here before, and they know how good it M-as. I can assure thein that it is now better than ever. It was a scholarly rendering then ; it is a study now. You follow every look, word, and gesture to get at the precise meaning of the man, for you caimot but feel that there is a motive for everything he does, however slight it may be. 'Whether it be witliin tlie power of any one to make Hamlet a possibility, or even to imagine such a person, is a matter beyond tlie scope of everyday criticism ; but Mr. Dampier brings him so near to real life that you can understand lie is not the piece of superfine humanity which ordinary stage custom makes him, and which some of the greatest actors have affected. And surely this is tlie right im pression to give. No man not wholly mad could re main in tlie clouds or indulge in rhapsody for ever ; sometimes he must come down from liis altitudes and mix with his fellow-creatures M-ith something like familiarity. Well, that is just what Mr. Dampier does, and yet he does it with so much skill that he never divests his audience of the knoMledge that Hamlet was not only a gentleman but a prince. There is that indefinable quality which high birth alone con fers, and which enables a man of exalted rank to place , himself on tonus of familiarity with his inferiors with out being quite one of them. ' So with Prince Hal in *' Henry IV.,' and so with Hamlet here. The effect of this quality Mr. Dampier has considerably heightened since his last season, and he brings the princely char acter into strong relief. If one were speaking of his ; performanceforthefirsttime,liisplaying would deserve an elaborate analysis; but, as I have said, we know his general conception of the character, and he proves that his early study has been matured by travel, read ing, and reflection. There is a matter, however, on M-liich Sir. Dampier . has been severely taken to task by certain critics in another colony. He is accused of altering S'.iak epeare's -text; and this, if it M ere correct, M ould be an unpardonable offence. That he gives a different reading of some familiar phrases from that to be fouud in the- ordinary editions of Sliakspeare, or lias been generally used on the stage, is certain, and they sound somewhat strange ; But the question is, are the others right, or is tlie new version the real text of Shak espeare ? Now it eo happens that there is 110 one in ® decide the question. What the , , 'Hamlet' is, divide-?- the opinion of 'j™*. ,1.n, England, where they have the cans (which we have, not) of consulting, original coitions, and comparing one with another. Then ' most unfair that a man should be accused of tampering with the text bv those who ®ot ^now 'what the text is'; for it is not as jf Mr. Dampier forgot or made slips in liis dialogue, i^o one even dreams, I suppose, of accusing him ef 5 vi!'* 80 out ^be question. His alterations are deliberately made, and with the evident view of giving what he believes to be the part just as Shaks peare wrote it- So far from feeling annoyed at this 1 j niust admit that at first the change in the old, familiar phrases comes harshly), it is a matter which should make one fed respect for the scholarly of the actor, and at the same time to acknow ledge the compliment he pays to his audience when he gives them in its best form the result of that research. And, moreover, as the point to be arrived at is the real character of the man Iiamlet, with all its complexities, surely it is worth while, first, to under stand exactly how Shakspeare drew it ; then we can make it - what we please, according to our own opinion of what the character should be. Of the rest of the east I cannot now speak at length. Mr. M'Gowan played Polonius rightly — that is, he did not make the dignified old courtier a buffoon. But, though I go with him a great way in the idea he gives, I believe it to be possible to go a great deal further with the character °f. Polonius than we see it on the colonial stage. Dismissing, as Mr. M'Gowan most properly does, the wretched idea of making Polonius a foolish old man, there is still a deeper view to be taken ; and what is worth pointing out is, that the deeper his character is made the more it elucidates that of Hamlet. That the old courtier was a shrewd mar. of the world, and that he was also a perfect gentleman, his advice to his son proves. That he had a verv keen suspicion as to the murder of the King may therefore be in ferred ; and that he was playing a' double part with Claudius and Gertrude on the one side, and M-ith Hamlet on the other, is almost a certainty. It is a part worth studying if this view be correct. I give Mr. M'Gowan full credit for redeeming the character from tlie absurditv which commonplace actors find popular to invest it with ; but, if I am not mistaken, there is even a deeper view, and one more necessary to the full effect of the drama to be taken. I can only add that I think Mr. M'Gowan is capable of developing it. Miss Kate Douglas was an agreeable Ophelia. Miss Willis looked and acted excellently as the Queen. Mr. Rosier gave the Ghost's 6*peech carefully, and all the others played fairly. In truth I M-as agreeably disappointed ; for I candidly confess that I did not expect to 6ee so even a performance, and I hope this confession Mill be accepted in the spirit in M-hich it is meant. I am glad to receive the folloMing notice from a corre spondent 011 Mr. Dampier's Hamlet. It shows M'hat general satisfaction he gave, and in this respect it is worthy of insertion : — ' Mr. Dampier's Hamlet is one of tlie most finished, masterly, powerful, and cultured performances that the Sydney public has yet been favoured M-ith. It is calculated not only to please the theatrical critic whose tramed eye is quick to dis cern the hidden gems that lurk in an able representa tion of so great a play, but it keeps the audience in tlie pit, the stalls, and tlie circle in a state of wrapt and almost breathless attention. Before Hamlet has been 011 the stage five minutes, every one feels that there is a master before the audience, and settles doM'n to take in as much as possible of the treat that is presented. The lii's t great evidence of power that he gives is when he meets tlie ghost of liis murdered father. He I is naturally very much startled ; but such vehemence does he throw into his feelings that he startles every one present nearly as much as he appears to be him self. Ilis address to the ghost, sometimes in tones of tenderest pathos, and again in words of warning and admonition, is a perfect study. Again, his rendering of some of the recitative portions of the play, Mlien Hamlet communes Mith his own thoughts, and when he addresses the players, should be suffi cient to attract a company any evening. Whether Mr. Dampier's may or may not be the correct study and interpretation of the play is not the question before liis hearers. For the tune tliey are compelled to see the characters as he saw them, to read them as he read them, and to credit them as he did. He leaves liis audience in no doubt that he fully believes Hamlet's madness M-as only assumed at times when he believed he M-as an object of suspicion, M-as watched, and had a strong object in disguising him self. He even earned this out so far as to appear mad to Ophelia, because he knew that he-was under the espionage of the King and Polonius. But, at her funeral, he shoM ed how great was his affection for her, notMitlistanding the disguise he had felt it neces sary to assume Mliilst absorbed in the one over powering intent of discovering the murderer of his dead father. It is fair to other members of the com pany to say that they played with good taste.' Mr. G. D. Chaplin is heartily M-elcome back to Sydney and to the Theatre Royal, as his reception has proved. He also is an actor possessing the power of ingratiating liimself with his audiences, and he has a genial, happy manner, Mhicli always makes him a favourite. Yet I cannot congratulate him or the rest of the company ou the production of 'Othello' the other, night, l'he very manner M-hieh makes Mr. Chaplin so good in lighter parts prevents liis making a great character of Othello ; so of Mr. Douglas's Iago, and of others. Miss Rose Osborne, who is, I understand, American by birth, makes a very engaging Desdemona (by the M-ay, is there one of Shakspeare's frequent plays on M-ords in tliis name :), and she acts with an agreeable, ladylike style, M-liich is very taking Mith her auditors. We shall see more of her anon ; but, so far as one is yet able to judge, she is a valuable acquisition to our stage. In short, though there is 110 absolute fault to find in tliis production of ' Othello,' still the general impression it conveyed, and Mhicli I imagine is correct, is that it M-as too superficial. The lower depths, Miiereiii lie the springs of action in the tragedy, M ere never truly reached. Last M-eek I made some remarks as to the concert given by Miss Maud Fitz-Stubbs for the benefit of the Glebe lloMuig Club, and I have received the following communication on the subject: — li Sir. — I perused with feelings of deep astonishment your notice of the Glebe Rowing Club concert in last week's Mai!, and feel assured that the reporter did not know the facts of the case, or must have been very ignorant of tbe expense attending the formation of a row I ing club. To expect a few young men to found such an 1 expensive project would be absurd, as it requires such a j large sum (about £500) to commence, and we all know out ot the small salaries which our youth are in the habit of receiving it would be impossible for them ever to furn-ish the requisite funds for the undertaking. It was, therefoi-e, necessary to have recourse to the liberal feelings of the public, which has been generously responded to. When the idea of the club was first mooted, Miss Maud Fitz Stubbs veiy geneiously came forward unsolicited, and offered her* gratuitous services for the organization of a concert in aid of the club, wliich services were of course accepted in tlie same spirit as thev were offered. I think your reporter's remark about chivalry and manliness dying out was in this ease conipletelv unmerited, and I hope 'ever Mill be. — I am, sir, yours truly, G. R. C.' I publish this letter in the same spirit of fairness ?which, I hope, prevails in my comir.e its on these matters. My correspondent has, however, completely roif-underetond my last remark, and I think he will himself see, on reflection, that my hint referred to the want of pluck in young men, who allowed a very kind lady to advertise in her own name a concert for their benefit. Had they announced the entertain ment as by themselves, adding that the lady had given her most valuable services, I should have spoken just the other M-ay ; but if 'G. R. C. ' will look again at the advertisement, I hope he will not think the opinion of an outsider unwarrantably expressed. Nor, I hope, Mill Miss Fitz-Stubbs. A fashionably attended performance was given at the School of Arts, on Wednesday night, by several amateurs for the benefit of the Infants' Home. Robertson's comedy of 'Caste' was fairly per I formed, though somewhat exaggerated (notably in the manner of Eccles), and the afterpiece was ' An Obstinate Family.' I am glad to be able to add that whatever shortcomings there might have been from a critical point of view, they were fully compensated for by the excellence of tlie cause and the generous exertions of the ladies and gentlemen who gave their service* on the occasion. LAUNCE. 