NEW IRELAND A SERIES OF SKETCHES AND NARRATIVES. BY A. M. SULLIVAN CHAPTER XV.—THE DISESTABLISHED CHURCH. In 1870, the Episcopalian Protestants of Ireland were called upon to face a state of things well cal- culated to test their devotion, their courage, ther ability. Their Church, as a State institution, had been swept away ; and they had to address them- selves to the serious work of building up a new system. All eyes were strained to watch their movements. How would Disestablishment affect the Irish Episcopal Protestant Church ! What would be the result of that measure financially ? How would it affect the structure or ecclesiastical organisation of the Church? Would it lead to doctrinal change or modification ? Would it prove injurious or serviceable to Irish Protestantism ? These are questions on every lip : eager and anxious speculations on all sides. The interval since 1870 has shown the Irish Pro- testants engaged in this great labour, involved be- times in menacing difficulties ; yet it is fair to say that they have exhibited dignity, resolution, self- reliance, and a reconstructive ability beyond praise. Many persons imagined the Catholics would wish them evil, and would break forth into ebullitions of exultation, or expressions of derision, when the Church Synod stormy scenes now and again marked the debates on "Revision." Nothing of the kind occurred. The Catholics of Ireland, on the whole, rather rejoiced to see how well a body of Irish gentlemen could legislate on Irish affairs ; and I believe it to be the fact that, as a sort of Irish Protestant-Church Parliament, the Synod was po- pular with most Catholic Irishmen. A great English moral philosopher — Bishop Butler — has observed that " It is one of the pecu- liar weaknesses of human nature, when upon a comparison of two things one is found to be of greater importance than the other, to consider this other as of scarce any importance at all." It seems to be only another view of this weakness to say that near and present objects have a tendency to obscure objects that are distant and remote. Ire- land, in the course of the last three centuries, has experienced several disestablishments and disen- dowments; but the legislation of 1869 so engrosses the eyes of our mind, that we fail to realise the previous processes, although some of them were every whit as sudden, as thorough, and as revolu- tionary, as the one carried out in our own day. Henry VIII., Edward VI, Mary, Elizabeth, Crom- well, and Charles II., all in some sense, as well as Mr. Gladstone, disestablished and disendowed the State creeds which they found existing ; and they all, oxcept Mr.Gladstone, set up or restored their own creed in place of that which they destroyed. Mr. Gladstone differs from all the preceding in this that he disestablished the Church to which he be- longed; and a comparison of his legislation with that of Henry VIII,, suggests the further curious anomaly that when England was Catholic she dis- established the Catholic Church in Ireland, and when she was Protestant she disestablished the Protestant Church in Ireland. Henry's confiscation of Catholic Church property which was in fnct continued and carried out by Edward and Elizabeth (having been for a little resisted by Mary), was sweeping and unsparing. It is impossible to calculate the money value of the spoliation, the number of livings seized, or the number of clergy dispossessed by the Tudors or by Cromwell ; but we do know enough of the condi- tion in which the clergy were placed by both of them, to compare these proceedings with Mr. Glad- stones's measure. We know from Sir James Ware that Henry VIII. dissolved over five hundred and twenty abbeys and monasteries, and that Edward and Elizabeth handed over, or intended to hand over, all the Catholic benefices to Protestant pastors -i.e., all the benefices that escaped lay pillage and appropriation — but how many those benefices were, we know not. We know, too, that Cromwell, while he gave up the churches to he ransacked for their roofs and furniture, reserved the Church lands and tithes for the Parliament, and that he disposed of them to " non-adventurers," on short leases, while he turned the clergy adrift. Under this rule in Ireland, Protestant religious ministrations through the country, so far as they were supplied at all, were probably in the main supplied by the existing Church incumbents who consented to use the Di- rectory instead of the Prayer Book, and who, on the Protector's death, flocked in a body to the standard of the Restoration. We have abundant information from the highest sources as to the condition of ecclesiastical affairs from Henry VIII.'s act to Cromwell's time. We have in Protestant historians, such as Collier, Cox, and Leland; in the letters of lords lieutenant, go- vernors, archbishops, and judges; in the State papers published by the English and Irish Public Record offices — an unbroken stream of testimony complaining and showing that the condition of re- ligion was scandalous, and the condition of the clergy deplorable. Spenser the poet, who wrote his " View of the State of Ireland" about 1594, relates these things. The volumes of State papers of James I., edited with a preface in 1874 by the Rev. Dr Russell and Mr. John P. Pendergast, give harrowing statements by Archbishop Loftus and Bishop Jones, by Judge Saxey and Sir John Davys, Attorney-General. They tell us "the Churchmen were for the most part ciphers, and could not read ;" that " they were serving-men and horseboys, and had two or three benefices apiece ;" that "gentlemen, women, and Jesuits had the benefits of the bene- fices ;" that " the churches were in ruins, and that there was no divine service, no christenings, no sacrament, no congregations, and no more demon- stration of religion than amongst Tartars;" that there were " not three sufficient bishops in all the kingdom ;" and that " the country was swarming with Catholic priests, who were maintained by noblemen." The Irish Convocation itself certified to Charles I. (1629) that " In the whole Christian world the rural clergy have not been reduced to such extreme contempt and beggary as in this your Highness's kingdom by means of the frequent appropriations; whereby the subject has been left wholly desti- tute of all possible means to learn piety to God, or loyalty to their prince." Such was the condition in which the first disestablishment left the Protest- ant religion and its clergy. This state of affairs continued in all its features down to 1642. In that year Lord Lieutenant Or- mond surrendered Dublin to Colonel Michael Jones and the parliamentary forces, and was publicly thanked by the Protestants for not surrendering them to their "natural enemies – the Irish people. The metropolis was then crowded with ministers who had flocked in from all parts of the country to escape the ravages of the four or five armies that were marauding the land. The unfortunate men with their families, deprived of all means of subsistence, were literally fed by the weekly allow- ance of bread granted them by Ormond ; and they soon had occasion to perceive how much reason there was for gratitude to Colonel Jones and the Puritans. They petitioned for leave to continue to use the Prayer Book instead of the Directory, and were refused as "ill and unworthy preaching mi- nisters ;" they petitioned for bread, and were told that "if they wanted State pay they should do the State some service and enlist." The degradation of the Episcopalians was now complete. The churches were given up to the soldiery for wreck and ruin ; and it sa impossible to conceive that there can have been any ministrations of religion anywhere outside the cities and garrison towns. This state of religious havoc came to an end with the fall of the Commonwealth; and the Restoration in 1600 replaced Church matters as they in effect continued down to the "Whig Church Temporalities Act in 1833. Cromwell's reservation of the tithes and Church lands, and his short leases, facilitated the restitution of the endowment, and was abun- dantly supplemented by the Act of Settlement out of the forfeited lands of the Catholics; and the State Church was once again made wealthy and lordly, Passing over the immediate period from the Restoration to Lord Grey's Whig ministry, we come to the statistics of the first Irish Church Temporalities Act in 1833. Lord Althorp, the Home Secretary, then informed Parliament that the Irish benefices were at that time 1401, 4 archbishops and 18 bishops, 22 dioceses; the net income of the pre- lates £130,000 a year ; the total Church revenue £732,000 a year; and that there were 57 churches in which no service had been performed for three years. The Act, besides abolishing the parish cess, suppressed 2 archbishoprics, 8 bishoprics, the un- used churches, and handed over the amount of in- come, about.£113,000 a year, to the then appointed Ecclesiastical commission for the supply of Church requisites throughout the country. In 1867 the late lord Derby, who, as Irish Secretary, helped to carry the Act of 1833, issued a commission to re- port on the temporalities of the Irish Church, and that commission reported 2 archbishops, 10 bish- ops, 32 deans, 33 archdeans, 1509 incumbents, and 500 curates, 1518 benefices; the net income of the prelates £58,031, and the total income of the Church, £613,964 a year. So matters stood with the Episcopal Protestant Church of Ireland in 1868. When in the following year Mr Gladstone's great Act became law, the Church was found to contain 2059 annuitants, mainly clergy, together with a few laymen con- nected with the cathedrals as vicars-choral. To these annuities to the amount of £590,892 were payable. The Church had also possession of various sums, the amount not easy to determine, arising out of private endowments, together with the glebes, episcopal palaces, and churches. By the Act of Disestablishment she was deprived of all except the churches. In lieu of the private en- dowments, a sum of £500,000 was granted ; while glebes and bishops' houses were made purchasable on certain easy terms prescribed by the Act. In dealing with the annuitants, the simple principle was adopted of paying every man his due as long as he lived. in order to avoid the long and tedious process which should otherwise have to be under- taken by the Treasury, certain terms of commuta- tion were offered ; viz., the payment of a capital sum for each annuitant's case – depending on his age, the Government offices rate of mortality and value of money 3½ per cent., to which was finally added 12 per cent, on the capital sums thus esti- mated in consideration of supposed better average life of clergy, and of the expenses of management. On receipt of these sums, the clergy consenting to the extent of three-fourths of their number in each diocese, the Representative Body, chartered by the Crown, was to undertake the payment of the annuities. After consideration,the bishops and clergy – with the exception of about a hundred of their number – accepted these terms; in conse- quence of which the Representative Body has re- ceived in the shape of advances from the Treasury through the Irish Church Temporalities Commis- sion, sums for commutation of annuities amount- ing to £7,563,141. The number of annuitants was 2059; annuities payable, £590,892; commutation capital, £7,563,144 ; interest of money, 3½ per cent. ; year's purchase, 12.8; average age 56. It will be seen that a return of 8 per cent. on the commutation capital would pay the annuities. It was anticipated that by judicious investment 4 per cent. could be earned. The principle enforced by those who led the movement which ended in inducing the clergy to commute for their incomes, and take the Representative Body as their paymas- ter instead of the Treasury, may be thus stated :– " If you consent to commute, and if you can induce the laity to subscribe an annual sum equal to the other 4 per cent,, we shall be able to save the capital, to pay your annuities, and prevent the en- tire burden of supporting religion from falling on our descendants." To tho laity they addressed the same language, saying in addition : " Under the Act you are enti- tled to the life services of your clergy without paying them a penny. If you adopt a selfish policy, and say (as some did), 'We will enjoy this benefit; and let those that come after take care of themselves,' a burden will be thrown on Irish Protestants which will be difficult to bear; for the day must come when the last penny will have to be sold out to pay the last man of the an- nuitants." These arguments prevailed, and, as will be seen, the Irish Protestant laity have done their duty manfully by their Church. † When the Act was framed, it was foreseen that there would be a considerable reduction in the number of the clergy, and accordingly all the an- nuitants were enabled to enter into terms with the Representative Body by which their services might be dispensed with, and in consideration, a certain portion of the capital sum corresponding to their annuities would go to the Representative Body for Church purposes. Under this authority a Table of Compositions was framed, on the principle that an annuitant of 35 years of age would get one-third, one of 65 and upwards two- thirds, of his compu- tation capital; the sum increasing by one-ninetieth for each year of age between these limits ; and going down by a ninetieth for ages below 35. Un- der this table a considerable number of the annuit- ants compounded, as may be judged from the fact that between compounders and deaths during the seven years from 1870 to 1877, the number of an- nuitants has been reduced to 1052. By the opera- tion of composition there was of course a large reduction in the commutation capital, a corres- ponding reduction in annuities payable, and a large Composition Balance acquired for Church purposes, amounting at present to about £1,300,000. At first it was intended to administer the whole finance of the Church from one centre in Dublin ; but on better reflection, a kind of " Home Rule" or "Federal plan"has been adopted. Each diocese manages its own affairs, subject to certain general principles, under the control of the Representative Body, which meets once a month in Dublin. This body consists of 48 elected and 12 coopted mem- bers. Election and cooption take place every year ; but members once elected or coopted hold their places for three years. All money collected under these schemes is sent up to headquarters, and paid out again as stipends (under warrant 8 drawn on the Bank of Ireland) to the proper parties, as directed by the several diocesan councils. During the last seven years the laity have contributed in this way £1,610,703, of which £37,500 was received from England. In addition to this must be counted all the sums expended in each locality by the se- lect vestries of each parish for care of churches. Estimating this at the moderate sum of £80 each for 1243 parishes, the present number, this would represent a further contribution of £596,640; so that in all the laity have contributed within the last seven years £2,207,343 — a fact which deserves to be widely known to the credit of the Protestants of Ireland. The operation of these "Diocesan Schemes" consists mainly in forming a " Stipend Fund" for future purposes. Several " unions" of parishes have been effected for economy, but very few, if any, have been suppressed. Many and wide were the speculations as to how Disestablishment would affect the doctrine and rubrics of the Irish Protestant Church. Although legislatively united in 1800, and declared to be "one and indivisible," the English and Irish Churches were never, since 1640, identical in the nature and spirit of their Protestantism. The for- mer was on the whole Lutheran or High Church ; the latter was on the whole Calvinist or Low Church. In England the Restoration almost effaced the characteristics of Puritan Protestantism. In Ireland that event made little change, and Irish Protestantism visibly retains to this day the im- print it received at the Cromwellian period. Legislative regulation created a uniformity between the two bodies sure to be modified on such an op- portunity as that presented by Disestablishment. For the last four or five years the Church Synod in Dublin has been engaged in the critical and serious purpose of revision. To any one who could regard with levity the labours of earnest and conscientious men engaged in such a work, the debates, often angry and stormy, sometimes truly comical in their episodes, would afford great scope for sar- casm, An extreme party seemed plainly bent on "revising" the Book of Common Prayer into a blank, and reforming the Reformation in the most sweeping manner. The episcopal office and clerical character seemed to them remaining relics of antique Romanism. The supernatural in sacramental subjects they appeared to regard as merely superstitious. Several times did a secession seem inevitable. More than once did Dr. Trench in mournful tone point out the logical tendency of some of the changes pro- posed. Nevertheless, it may be said that the middle party has carried its way, and mode- rated everything. The three principal questions discussed have been (1) the damnatory clauses of the Athanasian Creed; (2) the baptismal service – ("seeing that the child is now regene- rate") ; and (3) the Ordinal – the words " Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the Church of God." The last two were left untouched after much discussion. As to the first, it was in one year's Synod carried that the damna- tory clauses should be altogether omitted, as form- ing no part of the articles of belief. Ultimately the Creed was left untouched in its place, but the mandatory rubric requiring it to be read thirteen times in the year in the public service was removed. The Episcopal Protestant Church of Ireland has lost nothing, and has gained much, especially in its freedom of action, by Disestablishment. Yet what a revolution, what a change from the Old Ireland to the New does this one event alone bring to our view ! There is no conviction deeper or stronger in the English mind to-day than was the conviction forty years ago-nay, twenty years ago – -that England would send her last shilling and fire her last gun in maintaining the State connec- tion and ascendancy of the Protestant Church in Ireland. "What overthrow of the empire was not such a frightful event as Disestablishment sup- posed to involve ! It has come to pass, and, lo ! the empire stands ! 