NEWS OF THE DAY. THE Pacific Mail Company's eteamship Australia, w¡th the incoming English and American maila via ¡ tZ ia duo at Sydney next Monday. Tho P. and O. plmnv's steamship Tanjore, with tho English mails ' for Australia yia Suez, loft Gallo on tho 80th ultimo, two days in advance of time-tablo date. Wim reference to a tologram from Albury whioh «npeared in our issue o£ Saturday last, wo understand thstthe Postmaster-General, only on Friday lastrocoivod.'. intimation from the Postal Department of Melbourne ?hat tho old arrangement undor which tho Sydnoy maila wera detained six hours at Albury is to boro verted to. Mr. Samuel at onco addressed a telogram to the Postmaster-General at Melbourne urging reconsideration of the matter, and pointing out tho inconvenience which would bo sustained both by the Sydnoy and Melbourne publio by tho contemplated alteration of tho arrangement only recently mado between him and Mr. Wood, tho Victorian Railway Commissioner, whioh alteration will havo tho effect of lengthening the courso of post botwecn Sydnoy and Molbourno by twenty-four hours. TnE following is an offioial estimate of tho valuo of nronertv m New Zealand taxable under tho Land Tax Art 1878 :-Auckland, £3,235,000; Ilawlco's Bay £3,889,079; Wellington, £7,988,301; Nelson, £8000,000; Canterbury, £15,790,000} Otago, £16,800,000 : total, £50,707,440. This, at a half- penny in the pound, will yield £105,625 por year. The Wellington district includes Wellington and Taranaki. The provincial district of Nelson inoludos Nelson, Marlborough, and Westland ; tho provincial district of Ilawke's Bay includes Hawko's Bay pro- vincial district and Cook County. I Ox Saturday afternoon tho Intercolonial Eight-oar> jac0_jfovv South "Wnle3 versus Victoria-took place on the Parramatta River over the usual course. The threatening aspect of the weather had tho effect of materially lessening tho attendance, whioh was not nearly so numerous as at some previous contests. Tho Victorian crew won tho choico of positions, and they placed their boat on tho south sido of tho river. A good start was effected. Tho Victorians took thoslead shortly afterwards, and, rowing a steady stroke, thoy hold the front position for tho first mile, being thon about thoir boat's length cloar ahead. Tho Sydney crow then gradually drew upon thom, tho water bo coming rougher ; and, by tho timo another half milo was rowed, tho boats wero together. They then forged slowly ahead, and the race, barring accidents, was evidently theirs. Nothing noteworthy occurred afterwards, except that one of tho Molbourno crow " caught a crab" in tho rough water, which, of courso, told against them. iSTeveitholcss thoy pulled gallantly to tho close, but tho Sydnoy men had tho race in hand, and won by fivo or six lengths. In tho evening a dinner was given to tho representativo crews at the Exchange Hotel, tho IIou. Georgo Thornton, M.L.C., in the chair. Complimentary toasts in honour of tho rival crows TV ore duly honoured, and tho winners were presented with haudsomo gold lockets as souvenirs of the event. Tun weather in Sydney continues changeable and uncertain. Heavy rain foil on Saturday night and a few showers early yesterday morning. Yesterday was fino and clear with littlo wind, but towards evening clouds began to bank up to tho southward. A fow light showers foil during tho night, and thoro was this morning every appearance of a contiuuanco of wet I weather. AMOXG^T tho numerous cases which havo been post- poned till next sittings of tho Supremo Court (August) is that of Mr. J. M. Sweet (formerly proprietor of tho Newcastle Morning Herald) v. Bank of Now Zealand, in which the plaintiff claimed £5000 for tho alleged dishonour of promissory notos. Tho caso was sot down for hearing in tho Banco Court for the lGth of last month, but, in consetnienco of tho number of cases on the list beforo it, had to bo postponed. Ox Saturday afternoon tho ceromony of laying tho foundation-stone of an extension of the church of St. Simon and St. Jude, Surry Hills, was performed by the Right Rev. Bishop of Sydney. Although the weather was exceedingly showery, so much so that an adjournment into tho churoh waa found necessary directly tho stone was laid, there was a large attendance of yisitor3, including soveral miuisters of tho Church of England, among whom wero tho Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney, Eev. Canon Stephen, Rev. C.inon King, Eovs. C. P. Garnsov, E. Symonds, P. Elder, G. Brown, J. D. Langley, and n. Plumo. Tho proceedings wore opened by singing a hymn, after which tho usual prayers wro read, also an appropriate lesson from the Now Testament. A bottle containing a suitablo inspviption, and copies of tho Sydney Morning Herald, and tho Australian Churchman, wero placed in a cavity pro pared for the purpose, and then tho stone having beon lowered into its placo, it was declared by the Bishop to be laid in the narno of tho Father, tho Son, and the Holy Ghost. Another hymn was sung, after which tie Bishop addressed tho mooting. Ho commended tho people of St. Simon and St. Judof or exhibiting such signs of progress as wero evidenced by thoir requiring an exten- tion of their church. Within those walls would bo heard the voice which was a re-echo of the voice of tho Good Shepherd, calling upon his flock to follow tho examplo of their Divine Master. And other streams would How forth from that ""building-the Sabbath schools, temperance societies, young men's associations, tho visitation of the sick, nnd the roliof of tho poor. Ho bad so doubt Uiat many outsido, seeing that they were willing to holp thcmsolves, would como forward and help them to complete tho good work thoy had begun, à collection was mado in aid of the funds, and a con- tribution of £25 from tho Hon. John Camp- bell waa handed in. Tho doxology and the benediction closed the proceedings. Tho following is a description of the extension of tho building now commenced:-It consists of an additional bay to the four already erected, together with a chancol 20 feet wide, with a wall hoight of 15 feet, having in samo a bandsomo threo-light window, with tracery h*ad and stone treatments similar to present windows, and vestry connected with chancel, with door leading thoroto. The exterior walls will bo finished with ornamental pressed brickwork similar in design to the portion already completed. Tho contractors for tho stonework we Messrs. Fleming and Lardner, under tho direction and supervision of Mr. Albert Bond, architect, of Bell's-chambers. THE schooner Bollo Brandon, which arrived at Auckland on the 18th May, from tho Pacific Islands, reports that war has broken out among tho nativos in ¡be Marshall group of islands. The island of Majura ja the scene of theso hostilities. Soveral lives had been lostwhon tho schooner loft. THE Pine Art section of the Eoyal Society passed an enjoyable evening on Friday last, although tho incle- ment weather prevented a largo attendance. Tho chair Man, Mr. E. L. Montofioro, road a very interesting and amusing paper, entitled "Art Criticisms," whioh moludod a fow remarks of a humorous naturo, heard in Ibo Gallery of tho N. S. W. Acadomy of Art. Mr. »ontoflore also exhibited tho journal of tho explorer f]Tr'»!?0Pt during his last journey; and a lottor from toe Princess Louise to Mr. Corbould tho artist, on the occasion^of tho completion of his picture of "Lady «own," now in tho Sydnoy gallery. A vory interest- ing work on the Hot Springs of Now Zealand, contain- ing autotypes of that remarkable scenery, with letter- press by Dr. Hochstetter, was laid on tho table by tho ^airman. Amongst the works of art, tho most inter- esting was a pen and ink drawing hy Mr. E. L. Montefiore, Oom tho picture by Max Muller, known as , M-Veronica's Pockethandkerchicf." It is a bcauti *W head of Christ with closed oyes, which havo tho marvollous faculty of appearing to open to the gaze of IM spectator. This picture caused somo sensation in wudon last year. T»B general sittings of tho Central Criminal wurt terminated on Saturday, when two men wo found guilty of having attempted to commit nuecont assaults on children, and sentenced respec ; y to twelve months' and three years' im Fisonment. The convictions have numbered twenty two against twonty-nino prisoners arraigned. All tho pri soñera wero males. One was convicted of forging and uttering, ono for larceny, one for burglary, one foif i embezzlement, ono for bigamy, one for garroting, ono for horse stealing, and ono for receiving cattle knowing I them to havo boon stolen. Threo wero convicted of i assault and robbery, three of manslaughter, two of conspiring to defraud, three of indeoent assaults, and threo of unnatural offences. The sentences aggregated amount to sixty years nine months and fourteen days. Tho sailor Talbot, charged with man- slaughter, waa remanded until next sittings, as tho witnesses against him woro absent in one of the ships of war on a cruise; ho was allowed bail, His Honor Sir "William Manning said, on Saturday, that ho de- sired to mako some remarks concerning his summing up in tho case of tho Queen v. Israol and Peisley. Ho had ßtoted that tho sale by auction of the furniture, which Peisley alleged he purchased from M'Cullum did not refloct credit on tho auctioneer or any person who had promoted it. The assertion was rather too sweeping. Ho had received a letter from Mr, Vaughan, intimating that Mr. Himmelhoch had boen duly noti- fied of tho sale, and had taken no exception to its being proceeded with. Ho therefore exonerated Mr. Vaughan from blamo in the matter. A DAMTjo attempt at burglary was made at tho Richmond Branoh of tho Bank of New South Wales on Thmsday morning. About a quarter to 2 o'clock, the manager, Mr. A. R. Adams, was awakened by his wife, who thought sho heard unusual noises. Mr. Adams, after listening for some time, concluded that the noises woro caused by mice, and- got out of bed to frighten them away. Tho window- blind was rolled; half-way up, with a groon blind hanging down inside. Botero returning to bed, Mr. Adams lifted tho groen blind and put his faco to the Avindow to look at tho I weather, when ho saw aman kneeling on-tho iron of tho verandah, with his hands up, trying to undo the' snap. They exohanged blows through tho glass, when tho man slid down and jumped the gate, which was looked. Having rousod up Mr. Boughton, his next door neighbour, Mr. Adams went downstairs and joined , Mr. Boughton, when with a light they found that a heavy ladder had boon left against iho verandah post, and a pair of goloshes at tho foot of tho laddor. After daylight a dinner-knifo was found near the gato which had tho top part of tho handle cut away, and was fded with a half- olrolo notch on each side. Mr. Adams received a out on the right temple about an inch long, which bled profusely. There was also blood on the outside of tho window. Not moro than a minute elapsed from the raising of tho blind until tho man jumped the fence, and it was cloudy at the time. Tho matter is in the hands of the police, who, it is to bo hoped, will he able to trace the culprits. OWING to tho inolemency of tho weather, and other oauses, the meeting of inhabitants of St. Leonards in regard to the decision of tho Executive with respect to the condemned criminals, which was to have been hold on Saturday night, was postponed, and will toko place this evening in tho St. Leonards School of Arts. In response to numerously signed requisitions from tho' ratepayers of Woollahra and Paddington, the Mayors of those boroughs have, conjointly, convened a meeting for this evening, at tho Oddfellows' Hall, Queen-street, Woollahra, to consider tho desirability of petitioning tho Lioutenant-Governor to commute the sentences of the threo unhappy youths now lying under sentenco of death. A MEETING of the Council of the Academy of Art was held on Saturday evening, Mr. Montefiore being in the chair. It waa deoided that the annual exhibition of works by art students should be opened on Saturday, the 26th July, at 12 o'clock, and remain open for a week, exhibits to be received not later than 4 p.m. on Wednesday, tho 23rd July. The hon. secretary reported that the Art3 Committeo of the International Exhibition had agreed to tho suggestion of obtaining a collection of the works of Conrad Martens, procurable in Sydney, to ho hung as a panel in tho Exhibition as well as a tribute to tho memory of the late artist and also to form a pleasing collection of Australian views. A meeting of tho trustees of tho gallery was afterwards held. A letter was read from Mr. James R. Fairfax, at present in Molbourno, respect- ing tho purchase of two pictures ; and it was reported that tho selection committeo in London had purchased two valuable oil paintings-ono by J. E. Hodgson, H.A., and the other by H. S. Marks, B.A., both of which havo already boen noticed in the columns of tho Herald. A suggestion by Mr. Percy E. Williams that the preparation of a catalogue should be proceeded with - the catalogue to be illustrated by the Woodbury type process, was approved of, and it was agreed that the Government should be requested to accede to the wishes of the trustees in this regard. Subsequently a conversaziono of the members was held. Mr. Montefiore formally opened the proceedings. He regretted that the unfortunate state of the weather had rendered tho attendance of the members so small, and ho was sorry also that his Excellency tho Lioutenant Governor was unavoidably absent. Ho might state that two new purchases had recently been made. One was Mr. by Hodgson, and Ava3 callod the " Eastern Question." Two tars wero seen discussing tho ques- tion with throe Turks in a divan. The other was hy Mr. Marks, and was called " Old Friends Rovisitod," in which two old pensioners woro surveying tho figuro-heads of vessels in one of the Government shipbuilding yards. Mr. Chevalier had written that ho was greatly pleased with °tho execution of tho casts, and ho (Mr. Slontcfioro) hoped that when they came out the students would make use of them in copying. They should always copy from tho round and from nature if thoy Avished to become great artists. Ho had been connected with a recent University examination in .which such a simplo thing as a belltopper had been given to draw, and they would scarcely believo what extraordinary belltoppors woro drawn. A pleasant little programmo of musio was then gono through, Horr Kretschrnann, Mr. Deane, and several lady amateurs contributing the items, A NIGHTMAN named Sydnoy Titterton was brought before tho Police Bench on Saturday, oharged with having Avilfully cast nightsoil upon a puhlio thorough- fare in the city of Sydney, and pleaded guilty. Constable Bolton saw the act. Titterton deliberately took out a pin or fastening of some sort, tho effect of whioh was to release the 6oil, and one half of the load fell upon the oarriago way. For so atrooiously wanton an offonce the Justices awarded tho highest sentenco allowed by law-thirty days imprisonment. It is to bo hoped that this lesson will havo a salutary effeot. ACCORDING to a report in the Indian papers, a pre- liminary mooting was held at tho Madras Chamber of Commerce on the evening of Saturday, 29th March, for the purpose of considering " the feasibility and adoption of such measures as may bo necessary for tho emigration to Sydney or Queensland of somo threo hundred or four hundred poor Eurasians who aro in a state of utter destitution." Tho honorable Mr. Justice Innes presided. Ho stated that for somo years past tho distressed stato of the Eurasians had attracted at- tention, and measures had, from time to tuno, been adopted to improve thoir position. These measures had, to a certain extent, been successful. A largo number of Eurasian poor had boen provided for, but, at the same timo, a vast number of tho destitute poor remained unprovided for by publio charity. The hands of tho Friend-in-need Society wero quito full with the work of granting relief, and yet it was doubtful whether ono tithe of tho poor received sufficient assistance. That from threo hundred to four hundred persons woro roady to leave thoir country for a strange land, and even to sever nearest and doarest ties, was a very significant fact when tho disliko of tho Eurasian to leaving tho country was considered. This brought him, Mr. Innes said, to tho immediato object of the meeting, which waa to con- sider the feasibility and adoption of suoh measuro8'as may be necessary for tho emigration to Sydnoy or Queensland of poor Eurasians. Mr. T. G. Clarke read a memorandum in which it was stated that many, from their high position, can havo few opportunities of realizing tho extont of misery and the Avrotohedness of hundreds in this very city of Madras, struggling to obtain the common necessaries of life. It has been said by somo that they are a lazy, indolont, and listless raco, moro disposed to load an idlo and vagrant lifo, and that they would rather beg than work for thoir broad. This Is a libol upon them, for, from my position as late magistrate of this city for 80 years, and from my long experience, I have no hesita- tion in contradicting tho unjust assertions. Tho fact of somo 800 or 400 having come so readily for- ward to register their namos as emigrants, earnestly desirous of proceeding to the colonies to obtain honest means of livelihood in a land to which they are strangers, is a satisfactory indication of their anxious desire for employment. Were it necessary, a thousand would bo forthcoming, had wo tho means to provide for them, as in Madras thoy fed it impossible to earn the common necessaries of life. The Government andtho publio in England have como nobly forward to relieve tho famished native poor during tho famine Although amongst the East Indian class those painful skeletons of famished humanity aro not to bo found, yet it must be added, owing to privation and starvation, their physical condition is scarcely botter j but in tho colonies, 'with bettor and stronger food, thoy would soon becomo nsoful employocs. Au influential committoo was ap- pointed for the promotion of Eurasian emigration to the colonies, Mr. T. G. Clarke to act as secretary. ON Mr. Michael Corbett"s resignation of the office of bursar or treasurer to tho A.H.O. Guild boing sent in a short time back through his continued illheolth, the council dcoided that thoy could not accept it without' in some way expressing their appreciation of the valn ablo services Mr. Corbett had rendered to the sooiety during his lengthy term of offloe, Accordingly the draft of a highly complimentary address was adopted, and it was decided that it should be iUrnuinated, tho expenso to be borne by individual subscriptions of the mombors. The address has beon very handsomely illuminated by Mr. M. E, Myers, of Park-street, and will be on view for a few days at Messrs. Murray and .Graves', tobacconists, &a;, 800$, Castlcreagh- street, opposite the Guild Hall. Soveral emblems of tho bursar's office, including his scarf and medals, are most faithfully represented on the illuminations. The whole is really a work of art and is woll worth seeing In the same window is to bo seen, besides other prizes, the Guild Cup, won at the late Guild pic-nic, by Mr. John Hayes, for putting the 561b. weight. A KEW pump, introduced to tho colony by Messrs. , Drysdale and Roberts, of George-street, has been at . work at Mount Eonny, Moore Park, for some timo past, and on Saturday it was inspeotcd by a number of gentlemen, three of whom, ae professional men, have been requested to furnish a roport regarding its merits. In a country like this where water can be obtained very often by sinking for it, and where it is frequently necessary to raise water from a lower to 'a higher level, any cheap method of offecting tho work ÍB a boon. This appears to bo attained by tho pump in question, which is known as tho Hart- ford automatic pump. The principle Is very simplo, and the process so economical that the first cost covers tho expense, Briefly, it is this : A wind wheel forces air down a pipo, and tho compressed air being moro poworful than water, which cannot be compressed, forces the water up to a height which, of course, is regulated by the completeness of the arrangements. In connection with tho pump at Mount Kenny tho air pipo is half an inch in diameter and tho water pipe an inch, and taking an ordinary wind a9 a basis of calculation it can raiso 120 gallons a minute to a Leight from the source of supply of 57 foot. All that is professed for tho pump at Mount Eonny is that it will raiso water to a height of 40 f cot, but the height al- ready mentioned has been attained. The pump is well worth the consideration of those who would bo affected by its capabilities. TUB Ararat correspondent of the Melbourne Ago on the 20th ultimo writes:-Yesterday evening this place was thrown into a stato of groat excitement on its becoming known that a brutal murder had been committed at Greenhills, two miles east of tho town. The victim was an inoffensive Chinese gardener named Chin Ah Keong, who has lived on tho spot^for years. He was seen in his garden early in the afternoon, apparently quite well. Shortly before 5 o'clock ono of the borough councillors, Mr. J. D. Smith, who had been walking along tho lake embankment, strolled into tho garden, and, not seeing tho Chinaman, went to tho door of his hut, when he heaTd a moaning. Thinking medical assistance was per- haps wanted, ho spoke to a railway gatekeeper a short distance off, and the two went back to the garden and entered the hut, whon thoy were astonished to find the occupant lying on his back, with his skull split open from the apex to tho frontal bono, tho head having several other cuts upon it, all apparently inflicted with an axe, which was standing near, covered with blood. Soon after the unfortunate man ceased to moan, and expired. Mr. Smith remained in possession until tho police took charge, and prevonted the axe being taken away by a neighbour of the deceased, named John M'Namara, who has this day beon arrested on suspicion. This afternoon an inquest was com- menced by the coroner, Mr. Alley, and tho jurors wero all talton to view tho romains at tho scono of the tragedy before the evidence was taken. Tho proceedings commenced at 5 o'clock, and after hearing some evidence the inquest was adjourned until Friday next. Last night tho polico took posses- sion of some of the clothes worn by M'îfamara, and it is stated that on examination by medical men a quantity of human blood has been found thereon. Various motives are assigned as to the causo of tho deed, assuming it to havo been committed hy tho prisoner. Ono is that ho has long had a " down " upon tho Chinaman, owing to tho garden holding, with plenty of water, being between prisoner's purchased and leased land; and another is that it arose out of jealousy. MB. PAXTON, police magistrate, has completed his inquiry into the alleged shooting at Edward Monk at Mansfield, Victoria, on tho 2Gth April. Tho evidence of witnesses was taken in the form of statutory declara- tions. After reviewing Mr. Monk's version of tho alleged attacks that have been mado upon, Mr. Panton concludes his report as follows : " Doubts wore thrown upon tho genuineness of the threatening letters ; as to one witness Monk had admitted that ho knew who wrote them, though he would not then toll; and to another witness, that ho expected a threatening letter on tho day on which he received ii That Mr. Monk, for a man in his position, was in embarrassed circumstances, and that ho had soveral previous conversations with ? persons who gave evidenco that ho contemplated leaving the district, and selling his property to the Government, and with the viow of effecting that object that ono of tho mombors of the local Council had promised to induce the Council to petition the Govern- ment to ** do something for him." That tho saddlo which ho used was pierced by a bullet in tho direotion as if fired from behind at some elevation, and which, if on the mare at the timo, must havo wounded her, but ?wholly impossible to be effected if fired from tho front, whore Mi\ Monk said his assailant stood. Further, that tho leather of the saddlo around tho hole was discoloured by marks of exploded gunpowder, which could not havo been caused unless the muzzlo of tho pistol was within a few inches of it whoa fired. And furthor, that under any circumstances tho bullet could not havo been fired from the front without peno trating tho valise, which was proved to havo beon un- injured. Tho wound on tho mare's thigh showed that tho bullet must havo entered tho left thigh from tho front and passed downwards and backwards just inside tho skin for about Bevon inches, whero it remained until it was cut out. That from the relative positions given by Mr. Monk of tho maro and the man when tho second shot was fired (when she gavo a "cow" kick) the bullet must have ontered from behind and proceeded forward, whioh is tho contrary direction to that which it did go. That the next day and the fol- lowing, during which no rain had fallon sufficient to obliterate traoks, tho place whero tho attack was alleged to havo boon mado exhibited no marks or tracks corresponding with tho statement Mr. Monk had mado ; but at a distance of 50 yards from tho spot, on the Mansfield side, there wore seen marks and traoks that indicated whero a horsoman had alighted, and moved about, leaving a footprint corre- sponding with Mr. Monk's boot, and whoro the horso- man had romounted, and gone off into tho bush on the right. That the revolver which Mr. Monk handed to Mr. Toohey, the day after the occurrence, presented tho appearance of having three chambers recently dis- charged and reloaded. I do not know that I am called upon to express any opinion upon the evidence; but if I am, I desiro to abstain from expressing any when it can bo avoided, as it is moro than probable the inquiry will not end hore. I am not satisfied with the theory submitted by and on bohalf of Mr. Monk. And, so far as regards tho evidenco as given before mo, I am reluctantly compelled to como to tho conolusion that no shot was fired at Mr. Monk on the night of the 26th ultimo, and in tho manner as alleged." In reference to tho business of the approachin" Parliamentary session at Wellington, the New Zea lander has the following remarks :-" That a very determined attempt towards a readjustment of taxation will be made on the part of the Government during the coming session is pretty well assured, and amongst v other proposals that will he made will probably be{ included an income-tax. There can be no doubt that, it would be popular amongst those exempted from its operation through the possession of but limited means,, and that it would not press hardly on those on whom, it may fall. Somo similar proposals to those made by. tho M'Cullooh Ministry in Victoria, whereby all deriving incomes under £500 wero not included, are: likely to bo put forward hore." ! TUB death of tho late Bishop of Tasmania (Dr.-, Nixon) is announoed in correspondence received by the! English mail via Suez. Ho passed his last days m Italy, having gone there for the benefit of his health. Tho Triowne aSbrds somo particulars of his career: " Dr. Nixon, who was the son of a> barrister- at-law, was educated at Charterhouse School, and there ob- tained a scholarship to St. John's College, Oxford, of whioh he hccamo a fellow, and where he took very high degroes in classics. His fellowship gave him a collego living, and whilst ho was so engaged he pub- lished a very valuable work on the ' Catechißm of the Church of England,' which at onco brought him into notice. Shortly afterwards, a speeoh whioh he delivered at a publio meeting in Canterbury was so earnest and logical that it seoured for him the esteem of the Archbishop of Canterbury, who promised that ho would advance the young clergyman in his career. In 1843 the head of the Church was called, upon to nominate a bishop for tho diocese of Tas- mania, which had up till that timo been established only as a portion of the seo of Sydney, New South Wales, and which had been under tho oharge of Arch- deacon Hutchins up till tho timo of his death. Truo to his promiso, the Archbishop nominated Dr. Nixon, founded the colony into a separate diocese, and its new chief pastor arrived in this city in Juno, 1843, and waa duly installed in his high office. During his term of episcopate Dr. Nixon was extremely liberal and generous to a fault, never failing to givo substantial aid in cases of real necessity, whilst to his own clergy he contributed £100 per annum, £50 each to tho Finance Committees of the Northern and Southern Archdeaconries, and distributed the whole of tho emoluments attached to his office. In the esta- blishment of Christ's Collego he took a warm interest, and also in the Furneaux Mission, as indeed he did in every good and benovolont work in the colony. In 1864 failing health compelled Dr. Nixon to resign his seo, and ho was at once appointed to the incumbency of Bolton-Poroy, a lucrativo living, but one which his hoalth only permitted him to retain for a short period, when ho retired to Italy and purchased a villa near tho Lago Maggiore. Of late years his health had not improved, and recently he visited Genoa, in the hope that tho chango of air would give him renewed health. Whilst there he was attended by tho most skilful English and Italian physicians, and very recently hy Sir William Jenner, the Queen's medical attendant, who was sent to tho Bishop by her Majesty's particular desire, upon the occasion of her recent visit to the Continent The hopes of Dr. Nixon's friends were, however, doomed to disappointment, and ho died in the sunny land for which ho always hold such a tender regard." WITH regard to the cession of a largo traot of land in Borneo to a British Association, the Academy of May 12 has tho following remarks:-"The Associa- tion, though they give no clue to the means employed to induce tho SultanB of Brunei and Sulu to grant tho concession, havo just printed privately a very interest- ing volumo, giving a sketch of the country, in which they have already formed threo establishments, on the Pappar and Tampassuck Rivers on tho north-west coat, and tho Sandakan Harbour on tho east coast. Tho ceded territory is described somewhat concisely as nearly tho whole northern part of tho Sultanate of Borneo, known to tho natives by tho namo of Sabah, together with part of the north- east coast hitherto tributary to the Sultan of Sulu, and comprising a total area of 78,000 square milos. This tract of country has a coast line of more than 600- miles, extending from the Kimanis River on tho north-west coast to the Sihuco River on tho east, and having four capital harbours, one of which, Sandakan Bay, is a magnificent sheet of water about fifteen milos long hy five miles broad. A great part of tho interior of this territory is absolutely unexplored hy Europeans, or, at least, was so until the company took possession of it,' and there is no doubt that wo 6hall gradually obtain through their instrumentality somo very interesting geographical information respecting it. For instance, tho precise position of tho Kini Balu Lake has yet to ho deter- mined. On tho shores of this lako the natives say there aro many villages of Ida'an, or aborigines, who cultivate cotton, tobacco, and other produce. Sabah is known to bo rich in vegetable and, to somo extent, in animal productions, and there appears to he good reason to beliovo that it possesses great mineral wealth. Tho soil is everywhere rich and fertile, and in many localities of superior quality, suited to most descriptions of tropical produce; and it ia to this source mainly that the company look for the develop- ment and prosperity of what has been styled 'Now Ceylon.' With this end in view they have had it examined by an analytical chemist, besides obtaining the opinion of an experienced Ceylon planter, who visited tho country last year for tho purposo of ascer- taining whether tho land was suitablo for coffee." WE loam from Dunedin hy tho Herald of May 20 that the principal article now being prepared by tho company for tho Sydney International Exhibition is a cabinet, tho background of which will bo 11 foot high, the width being 6 feet í> inches, and tho breadth about 2 feet. It will bear tho following inscription : .' Cabinet manufactured from New Zealand timber by Guthrie and Larnaeh's New Zealand Timber and Wood ware Factory Company (Limited), Dunedin." Guided hy Mr. Robert Guthrio, manager of tho factory, wo had the pleasure of inspecting the various departments wherein the different sections of tho cabinet aro being prepared. The woods of which tho work of art will be composed include tho rod pine, totara, flg-treo, peppermint, silver pino, honeysuckle, ribbonwood, broadleaf, goai, manuka, mottled kauri, and pukaka. Tho design is of tho most elaborato description. In the centre of tho upper portion of tho cabinet will bo the Now Zealand shield, star, Seo., with figures of a Maori and his whare on one sido, and of an Englishman with a railway train, a ship, &c;, on tho other. Ferns. in red pine will bo represented on either side of' the cabinet. Thora will be a pioco of silvered plate glass in tho centre and four small glass panels under- neath. Tho fretwork will bo most delicately treated, and tho upholstery work is receiving careful attention. Tho hangings will bo of blue and crimson volvot with massivo gold fringe ; ^ and French hells with the fuschia mouth will bo placed over tho centre in each division of tho curtains. The cabinet will be ready for exhibition in the showroom of the company about a fortnight heneo. Among the other articles to be forwarded by tho company to the Sydney Exhibition aro tubs and buckets of totara, white pine, rere roro, pukaka, and ribbon wood, admirably finished with brass work. Wo may here mention that the number of hands employed in tho factory undor tho chargo of Mr. Robert Guthrie is 2o0, whilo tho tota number employed on tho company's promises at Princes-street South is about 400." Tna Mayor of Melbourne and the City Corpora- tion (says tho Agc) entertained tho Mayor and Mayoress of Sydnoy, who aro at pre-ent in Molbourno on a visit, on Tuesday evening last, at a ball at the Town Hall. There wore about 200 guests present, including Sir Bryan and 'Lady O'Loghlen, tho Commissioner of Public Works, the Ministor of Lands, and many of the more, promi- nent citizens. After suppor tho Mayor proposed the. health of tho guests of tho evoning, which -^^ drunk with enthusiasm ; and tho Mayor of-Syvlnp.v».in. ro-' sponding, expressed his thanks for the hospitality, with whioh ho had hoon greoted since his arrival in Mel-, bourne. His visit had been a sourco of much pleasure to him, and ho had gainod much valuable information, whioh would bo of great uso to him on his return home. His visit had also tended to bring about a feeling of cordiality between tho two cities which would bo for tho benofit of both in after years. Dancing was con- tinued until an early hour this morning, and the ball was in overy way a success. The music was provided, by Mr. Chapman, and tho caterer was Mr. Gunsler. " Dr. Otto Finsch will shortly start on his expedition among tho islands of the North Pacific. Dr. Fmsch's programma was discussed at a lecont meeting of tho Borlin Academy of Sciences, when its estimated cost was stated to ho about £650. Dr. Fmsch will proceed in the first instanco to Honolulu, and his studies will be fchiofly Íursued in the Curolino and Marshall groups, and the ,adrono and Bonin Islands. After his work there is com- pleted, it is probable that Dr. Finsch will return to Europe by. woy of Japan, China, and the Philippines,. 