FREETIIO UGIIT LECTURE. . The subject of Mr." Charles B right's lecture at tho- Theatre Royal on Sunday evening was, " The Holy Gho$t," and the usual large and attentive audience gathered on the occasion. Mr. Bright prefaced his re« marks by reading passages from the writings of Emer- sou, and then referred to au anecdote of a traveller who wandering through tho ruins of an ancient Grecian temple, came npon a figure, intended to rcpreseit Jupiter, lying prostrate and shattered ou the gronnd. Tho gentlemen took off his hat aud made a profound obeisance, and said, "Should vou ever be re- stored to your pristine glory, please remem ber thit, in your fallen condition, I treated you with respect." There were those who had lost faith in the sacred symbols of Chrisendom as com pletely as in those of Olympus, aud yet retained a- lurking feeling of dread' of offending them. Until people emancipated themselves from the fear of sacred names they were still dwelling in the dark ness of idolatry. Those who had complete faith in universal goodness were incapable of fear. They trusted utterly in nature, and the Divine Soul which animated it. The name he had chosen as the title of his lecture was one of terror to orthodox Christians,, because to them it mysteriously implied a personal and powerful being. In the New Testament the namo- occurred some ninety times, and in the greate number of instances, according to tbe ablest Greek ' scholars, the context did not warrant the introduc tion in the translation of the definite article. It ought to be translated "a holy spirit," which was comparatively comprehensible. Thus, in# the 20th verse of Jnde, tbp unmeaning words "praying in the Holy Ghost" should .have becu rendered "praying in a holy spirit." After giving other like; instances, Mr. Bright said that, of course, to Freethinkers these grammatical niceties were of slight consequence, as were the whole of the New Testament niled with assertions of the truth of the Trinitarian dogma, instead of being devoid of them, they would not outweigh the opposition of arithmetic. But was there no rational truth within the religious symbol which inaukind ltad so long worshipped? He believed there was a great and vital truth, and ho shared with Professor Huxley the couviction that it would be a sad misfortune if the young were trained to conceive that nothing existed beyond what was ordinarily termed matter. The word " ghost" was but the Saxon equivalent for " spirit," and signify ing an intelligence acting through other modes of manifestation than those known to us as material. The word "holy" meant "sancti fied," "sacred," and to the Rationalist nothing was so sanctified as humanity. Hence,- whatever helped the human race to better conditions of existence was "holy," whatever hindered was "unholy." But looking at our vast epochs of time it was seen that mankind advanced — advanced out- of savage strife and cannibalism into somewhat superior social surroundings. Generation after gene ration passed away from the marvellous scene, and still abided this spirit; which, as Matthexv Arnold expressed it, "'makes for righteousness." This, then, was the Holy Ghost, the helpful spirit, the spirit of love, which inspired not mere!' Christians, but all the noble and helpful minds or the race. . "Wherever there existed a human being animated by a sense of duty and love to his fellow-creatures there the Holy Spirit was operating, and the influence . was the most powerful where tbe genius wns most profound, or the affections most capable of exercise,. 3ut if there were such a spirit operating in mankind, it must be a spirit of truth — it must urge men to abandon what they discerned to be false. And tbe unforgiveabie .sin against the Iloly Spirit must ho where, for the sake of worldly success or the satisfac tion of 0 friends and relatives, individuals paltered with the truth, aud affected to .believe what at. heart , they disbelieved. Sooner or later tbeir sin would find them out, aud in this life, or the iicxt, occasion suffdVing and iemorse. Mr. Bright announced as the subject .'of .his next lecture Christian Convention.-- alities," ' . '. 