the cloven foot m jg, AcrnoB or Lady Aydlsy's Sfcbeti it, &0. csn xxxv. (comix cro).— On a. Voyage of Discovert. Thev crossed the bridge, and went to look .t ,n old church on the other side of the river, rirre the fisher folk had hang models of ihree- oMters and screw steamers as vtrtary offerings is their guardian paints ; then thay re- the bridge and went up to an c!erratorv on a hill above the little town, ,nd surveyed as much as they could sec of tho lan<bc3re",n thc gathering winter gloom : and thn Mr. Sampson, who might possibly have impressed by Vesuvius in a state of eruption," hut who had not a keen eye for tho euaint and picturesque on a small scale, pro- that they should go back to their hotel ,rd make themselves comfortable for dinner. "«I should like a wash if there's such a thing S3 a cake of soap in tho place," said tho lawyer, " but from the appearance of the in habitants I should rather suspect there wasn't goap would be a mockery for some of them. Nothing less than scraping would be of any real benefit." They fonnd their sittihgroom at the hotel bright with wax candles and a wood fire. Mr. Sampson nearly came to grief upon the bees, waxed floor, and protested against polished fioors as a remnant of barbarism. Otherwise hs found tliing3 more civilised than he had erpected, never beforo having trusted himself across the Channel, and being strictly insular in his conception of foreign manners and ens- torn?. e »I should hope tho old gentlemnn who is to dine with us can speak English," he said ; . he ought at his timo of life." " Put if he has lived all his life Rt Anray." " Well, no doubt this is a sink of ignorance," asserted Sampson. " I daresay the stupid old man won't be able to understand a word I my." The two priests were announced as the great clock in the market-place struck six, town time, while the clock on the mantelpieee fol lowed with its shriller chime. " Eather le Mcscnm, Eather Gedain," said the pretty chambermaid in most respectful tones, and thereupon the two gentlemen entered, neatly dressed, clean shaven, smiling, and baring nothing of that (lark and sinister air which Tom Sampson expected to discover in a Topiah prie.'t. Father le Mescam was a little old man, with a quaint comical face, which would havo done admirably for the first grave-digger in Hamlet ; mall twinkling eyes, full of '-sly humor ; a mobile mouth, and a pert little nose, cocked up in the air, as if in good-humored contempt at the folly of human nature in general. "I am extremely obliged to you for the kindness of this visit, Father le Mescam," said John Trevcrton, when the vicaire had pre sented him to his superior. ' Mv dear sir, when a pleasant-mannered traveller asks mc to dinner, I am only too glad to accept the invitation," the priest, heartily. " A whiff of air from the outside .vnrld rives an agreeable flavor no life in this quiet little corner of the universe." " l.or.l have mercy on us, how fast the old :hai> talks," exclaimed Sampson, inwardly. Thank goodness, wo Englishmen never gab- He like that." And then, determined not to be left altogether out of the conversation, Mr. Samp-Oil pulled himself together for a bold attempt; he gazed benignahtly at Father le Mescam, and shouted at tho top of his voice — . " Fraw, Mossow, horriblemong fraw." The little priest smiled blandly, but shrug ged his shoulders with a serio-comic helpless- CCSS. " Xon moing, e'est saisonable temps pour le temps de l'ong," pursued Sampson, wax- in; bolder, and feeling as if all the French he had acq'iired in his, school days was pouring ia npon him like a flood of light. Father Le Mescam still looked dubious. "Well," exclaimed Sampson, turning to John Treverton, "I've always heard that Frenchmen were slow at learning for- tign languages ; but I could not havo hdieved they'd be so disgustingly stnpid as tut to understand their own. Upon my wcrd, Treverton, I don't see any reason why vcu should explode in that fashion," he remon- ftmted, as Treverton fell ba.ck in his chair in a fit of irrepressible laughter. " Allong," cried Sampson. " Voyci le pottage ; and I'm blessed if they haven't emptied tho bread brieet into it," he exclaimed, contemplating irith ineffable disgust the lumps of bread dorting on the suface of a thin broth, which the lifting of the tureen cover had just revealed to his eve. " Venez dong, Treverton, ii vous avez finni de faire un sotdovoter mcme, ecus pouvons aussi bicn commencer." " Mais, oni, Monsieur," cried the curd, en chanted at understanding about two words of this last speech, and beaming at the Englishman in a paroxysm of good nature. "Oui, oui, oui, monsieur, commcneons, commencons. (Test tree bicn dit." " Ah," grunted Sampson, " the old idiot is inspired when one talks about bis dinner. Jf that bread and waterish broth is a specimen of the kewsine of this hotel, I don't think much of It," he added. l'oor as the soup was in appearance, Mr. Sampson found it was not amiss in flavor, and when a savory preparation of some unknown fish had followed the soup tureen, and a fricas see of fowl and mushroom had replaced the fish, he began to feel at peace with tho Pavilion d'en Haut. A leg of mutton from tbe salt marshes completed his reconciliation to provincial cookery, and a dish of vanilla cream raised his spirits to enthusiasm. The two priests enjoyed their dinner thoroughly, and chatted gaily as they ate, hut it was not till the dessert had been handed round Iff the brisk Eorving maid, and a bottlo ii l'oinard had been placed on the table, that John Treverton approached tho terious business of tho evening. He waited till the chambermaid had loft the room, and then, wheeling his chair round to tho fire, piled with chesnut logs, invited Father la Mescam to, do the same. Mr. Sampson and Father hedain followed their example, and the four made a cosy circlo round the hearth, each mining his glass of red wine. " I am going to ask you a good many Tiestions, Father le Mescam," began John Ireverton. " I hopo you won't think me troublesome or impertinently inquisitive. However trivial my inquiries may seem, the result is a matter of life and death to me." " Ask what yon will, sir," answered the curi! ; " so long as you ask no question which a pnest ought not to answer, you may com mand mc." Chapter XXXVI. — Kergariou's Wife. "Father le Mcscem," said John Treverton, " do you ever remember hearing of a girl who hit this town a laundress to become afterwards ' celebrity in X'aris, as a stage dancer ?" '' I ought to remember her," answered the tur,:, looking somewhat astonished at the ques tion, " for X baptised her ; I prepared her for ter first communion, poor soul ; and I married her," John Treverton started from his chair, and then sat down again profoundly agitated, thmpson was right. Yes ; there had been a previous marriage. Yet it might be too soon f r exultation. The first husband might have before La Chicot came to Paris. Are we talking of the same woman " he "lied; "a girl who wa3 known as Made moiselle Chicot." es," answered Father le Mescam, "that vas the only woman who ever left Anray t blossom into a stage dancer. Ours I not a soil that freely produces that I .and of flower. I have good reason to re- I member that girl, for I was interested by her I lingular beauty, and X felt anxious for the I tofety of her soul amidst the snares and temp- I '-'mas to which such remarkable beauty is I 'I >ject. I did my best to teach her — to for- I f hvr against all future dangers ; but sbe I arrangement with the author. was as empty' within as she was lovely" withont. I hardly know whether one ought to consider such a creature responsible for all hor errors. Hers was a case of invincible ignor ance. The church has to deal with many Each characters — the heart hard as stone, the in tellect a blank." What's he jabbering about 5" said Tom Sampson to his client. " You look as if you had fonnd out something." "Wait, my dear fellow, I am on tho point of making a disoovery. You were right in your guess, Sampson, there was a previous hus band." " Of course,"' cried Sampson, triumphantly. " My surprise in the case of a woman of that kind would be to discover only ono previous husband. I should sooner expect to hear of six." " Hold your tongue," said John Treverton authoritatively, and then he refilled Father -le Mescam's glass before ho proceeded with his inquiry. " You say you married La Chicot ?" " She was not IA Chicot when I married her, but plain Marie Pomellec, the eldest daughter of a drunken old fisherman downvby the quay. Drink was hereditary in licr family. Grandfather and great grandfather, they bad all been drunkards. The children had to shift for themselves from the time they could run. I think that may havs helped to make them hard and cruel, though some sweet souls make themselves fit for heaven in jnst as hard a life. As she grew up to a fine tall slip of a" girl her handsome face attracted notice. She got to know that she was the pret tiest woman in Auray, and the knowledge soon spoiled whatever good there was in her. I saw nil the perils of her position — dissolute parents — utter want of guidance from without — a mind too frivolous to be a guide to itself. In my idea her only chance of salva tion lay in an early marriage, and althongh she was but seventeen when Jean Kergariou asked her to be his wife, X did not hesitate in advising her to marry him." " Who was Kergariou ? " " A sailor, and as good a fellow as ever went to sea. He and Mario had been playfellows. They had attended the same class for instruction. Jean was intelligent, Marie was dull. Jean was frank and good humored, Marie was reserved and self-willed. But the poor fellow was dazzled by the girl's beauty, and she was endeared to him by old as sociations. He told me that she was the only woman he ever had cared for, the only woman he ever should care for. He had saved a little money, and could afford to furnish one of the cottages in the street by the quay. He would have to go to sea, of course, and Marie wonld stop at home and keep house, and perhaps earn a little money by washing linen, having tho river so conveni ent. I would rather havo had a home-staying husband for her, hut Jean was a thoroughly good fellow, and X thought such a husband must keep her out of harm's way. He was not tho kind of man that any woman could at; tempt to trifle with." " And he married her !" "Yes, they were married in tho church yonder one Easter Monday." " Can you tell me the date ?" " I can find it for you in the book where such events are registered. I could not say at this moment how many years ago it may have been. I could tell you the year of poor Ker- gariou's death." " Oh, he is dead, then ?" asked Treverton, with a dreadful sinking of the heart. " Yes, poor fellow. Let me see ; it must have been three years ago last summer tliat Kergariou met with his melancholy death." " His melancholy death," repbated Trever ton. Why melancholy 5" " He was killed — run over by a waggon, on the Boulevard St. Denis, in Paris." " Bun over by a waggon, three summers ago, n the Boulevard," echoed John Treverton. " Yes I recollect." " What, you knew him ? " " Xo, but I was in Paris at the time of the accident." John Treverton recalled that scene at tho morgue, his wife's ghastly face when she en treated him to take her away. Yes, that ono page which had stood boldly out from the book of memory, with a lurid light upon it, was in deed a page of momentous meaning. " Tell me all about Jean Kergariou and his wife," he said to the curb. " It is a matter of vital importance for mo to know. You are doing me a service which will make me grate ful to you for the rest of my life." " Not quite so long, I hope," retorted the priest, with a sly smile. " A man would be but short-lived if his life were to.be measured by the enduranco of his gratitude. That ia a delightful virtue, but not a lasting ono." " Try me," exclaimed John Treverton. " Givo mo legal proof that Marie Pomelleo and the dancer called Chicot were one, and that the man lulled on the boulevard three rummers ago was Marie Pomellec's husband, and you may put me to tho hardest proof you choose, but you shall never find me ungrate ful." " There are noblo exceptions, doubtless,'1 Baid the priest, shrugging .his shoulders, " just as there is now and then a baby born with two heads. As for tho story of Marie Pomelleo and her marriage, it is simple enough, and the proof of it is to be found in the registers at tbe Mairic, while the fact is known to all the inhabitants of the quay, where Jean's wife lived. That the man killed in Paris was Jean Kergarion is also certain ; he was recognised by a fellow sailor while ho was lying in tho morgue, and the account ap peared in several of tho Paris newspapers under the heading of ' Faits divers.' Tho only point open, to question might he the identity of tho dancer, Mademoiselle Chicot, with Kergariou's wife, but even that was pretty well known to soveral people in Anray, who saw tho woman dance in Paris, and brought back the news of her success — to say nothing of her photographs, which are unmistakable.' " How did Marie Kergariou come to leave Auray ?" " Who knows ? Not I. "What man can ex plain a woman's caprice ? She lived steadily enough for the first year after her marriage. Kergariou wa3 away the greater part of the time, on board a whaler in Greenland. When he came home he and his pretty wife seemed monstrously fond of each other. But in the second year things were not so pleasant. Kergariou complained to me of his wife's temper; Marie avoided the confessional, and grew lax in her attendance at the services of the church. The neighbors told me there were quarrels — neighbors will talk of each other, you see, sir, and a priest must not always shut liis ears, for tho more ho knows of his parishioners the better he can help them. I had Borne serious talk with Marie, but found her sadly impenetrable. She complained of her hard life. She had to work as hard as the ugliest woman in Anray. I reminded her that the blessed Virgin, who was portrayed in all our churches as the highest type of human loveliness, had led a humble and toilsome life on earth, before she ascended to be the qneen of heaven. Was beauty to give exception from toil and hardship? If she had been feeble and deformed, I told her, she might plead her weakness as an excuse for idle ness ; but God had given her health and strength, and 6he ought to bo proud to i hink that ber labor could help to keep a decent home for her husband, whose career was one of continual peril. I miglit as well havo talked to a stone. Maria told me she was very sorry she had married a sailor. If she had waited a little she had no doubt she might havo had a rich young farmer for her husband — a man who could have Btayed at home and kept her com pany, and given her good clothes to wear. Before that year was half gone, I heard that there had been a desperate quarrel be- tween Kergariou and his wife the night before he left homo for his Greenland voyage ; and before he had been pone a week Marie disappeared. At first there was an idea that she had made away with herself, and some of the good-natured fisher folk, who had known . her from childhood, set to work to drag the river. But when the neighbors came to exa mine her cottage they fonnd that she had taken all her clothes and the few trinkets that Jean had given her. in his courting dap, and soon after that a waggoner told how he had met her on the road to Bonnes, and then everyone knew that Kergariou's wife hail run awav becauso she was tired of her toilsome, honest life at Auray. She had let drop many a hint, it seemed, when she was washing linen among her companions down by the river, and it wa3 pretty clear to them all that she had gone to Paris to make her fortnne, and that if she could not make it in a good way she would make it in a had one. She was only nineteen years of age, but as old in per versity as if she had been fifty." " When did her husband come back ?" "Not till late in tho following year. He had been through all kinds of misfortune in the North Seas, and came back looking like tho ghost of the fine handsome yonng fellow I had married two years before. When he fonnd out what had happened he wanted to set ont for Taris in search of his wife ; but he fell ill of fever and ague, and lay for months at a friend's house, between life and death. As soon as he was able to move about he went to Paris aud spent the remnant of his savings in hunting for his wife, without success. She had not yet mado herself notorious as a dancer, yon roust understand, and there were no photographs of her to l)e seen in the shops. She was only one among many foolish creatures, painting their faces and dancing before the foolish crowd. Kergariou came back to Auray in despair, and then went off to the North Sc.a3 again, caring very little .whether he ever re turned to his native plnco any more. He did come back, however, after an absence of more than three years, and by that time Marie Pomellec had become notorious in Paris, under the name of Zaire Chicot, and a Parisian photographer travelling through Brittany had left half a dozen of her photographs in Auray. They were to be seen at the bookseller's shop, when Jean Kergariou came home from his last voyage, and no sooner did he comprehend what had happened than he started off again for Paris, on foot this time, for the poor fellow had spent all his money during his former search for his wifo. Ho left Auray about tho middle of June, and in the second week of July I read of his death in the Monitcur Unircricl, which a friend sends me every week from Orleans. Whether he had found his wifo or not, I never knew. No one ever heard any moro about his fate than that he had reached Paris and met bis death there." "A melancholy end," said John Treverton. " Not more melancholy than that of his wife," replied Father le Mescam, "if there was any truth in a story I read last year, copied from an English newspaper. The poor creature seems to have been murdered by the man with whom sho was living — possibly her husband." John -Treverton's heart sank. Everyone, even this unworldly old priest, looked upon the husband's guilt as a matter of course. And, if his innocence should ever bo put to tho proof, how was he to prove it ? It was much to have mado this discovery about his first wife, and to know that his second marriage had been valid. He stood possessed of J asper' Treverton's estate without a shadow of fraud. Although guilty in intention he had been inno cent in fact. But beyond this there remained that still darker peril, the possibility that he might have to stand in the dock, charged with La Chicot's murder. The two priests helped to discuss a second bottle of Pomard, and then took their depar ture, after Father le Mescam had promised to introduce Mr. Treverton to a respectable no tary, who would procure for liim the legal evi dence of Marie Pomellec's marriage. While this was being done at Auray, John Treverton and his companion would travel without loss ot time to Paris, and there search out the de tails of Jean Kergariou's death and burial. Tho appointment with the notary was mado for nine o'clock next morning, so eager was John Treverton lo push on the business. "Well," gasped Sampson, when the two priests had gone, " if ever a man played patienco on a monument for a long winter evening I think I am that individual. Now they've gone, perhaps you'll tell me what that ridiculous Jack-in-the-box, Father le Whats- hisname, has been saying to you. I never saw an old fellow gesticulate in such a frantic way. If I hadn't been bursting with curiosity, I should have rather enjoyed the performance as a piece of dumb show." John Trevcrton told his legal adviser the gist of all he had heard from the priest. "Didn't I say so," exclaimed Sampson. "Didn't I say that it was more than likely there was a former husband in the background. It was a desperate guess, of course, and I don't know that I quite thought it when I made the suggestion. But anything was better than re linquishing the estate, as you would have been fool enough to do, if you hadn't had a shrewdish young man for your legal adviser. One of those tip-top firms in tho city would have gone straight off to take counsel's opinion, and before you knew where you were, you'd have been counselled and opinioned out of your pro perty." Sampson was in a state of intense exulta tion nt a result which ho considered entirely due to his own acumen. He walked up and down the room, chuckling inwardly, in a burst of self-approval. His overstrung feelings at last sought relief in some- kind of refreshment. He asked John Treverton to order him a glass of hot gin and water, and he was quite in dignant when informed that the Pavilion d'en Haut could not furnish that truly British luxury. " I daresay if I order you 'a grog' you will get something in the shape of hot brandy and water," said Treverton. " Oh, pray don't do anything of tho kind. Ask that black-eyed girl to bring a jug Oh, here sho is." And thereupon Mr. Sampson turned himself to the pretty waiting maid, .gave a loud pre liminary " hem." and thus addressed her — " Mada-moyselle, voulez vous avez le bonty de— bringez— ong joug— ong too petty joug — O boyllong, prenez vous garde que e'est too boyllong, aveo una demi pint de O di vi, ct ong bussing de sooker, et pardonnez, aussi ong quiller, n'oubliez pas le quiller." Hero the girl's vacant stare arrested him, and lie saw that no ray of British light could pierce an intellect of such Gallic density. " Here, Treverton," he cried impatiently. " You ask her. Tho girl's a fool." John Treverton gave the order, and Sir. Sampson had the pleasure of mixing for him self a strong jorum of thorouglfiy English brandy and water, and went to bed happy after drinking it. As soon as the post-office was open next morning, John Treverton despatched the fol lowing telegram to his wife : — "Good news for you. All particulars to follow in to-day's letter." At eleven, railroad time, Mr. Trevcrton and his lawyer were on their way to Bennes, en route for Paris. 