[?] PiaTUT, Li's Eably Reoeets. — It seems a littlo odd that Disraeli, now so famous, and occupying a position so exalted, should havo written thiB passage in his earlior days : ' Mind is a fine thing, I won't deny it ; and mine was onco as full of pride and hope as an infant empire. But whore are now my deodli and aspirations, and where tlio fame I dreamed of when a boy ? I find tho world just slipping through my fingers, and cannot olasp tho jewel aa it falls. I quit an earth whore nono will over miss me, save thoso whoso blood requires no laurels to make them love my memory. My life has been a blun der and a blank, and all ends by my adding ono more slight ghost to tho shadowy realm of fatal precocity.' ' They have a Methusolah in Baltimore, ono William Scott, familiarly known as 'Uncle Billy,' a coloured man, who is claimed to havo lived 149 years. A citizen has made affidavit that lie has known 'Undo Billy' for fifty yeara ; that William then bore the same ap pearanco as now ; that the doponent's father, who had been nursed by William, gave tlio date of tho latter's birth 1729. 'Uncle Billy' might pass for a man of seventy. He has had six ' head' of children — that is, six difforont families of children, exactly how many ho doosn't remember. He was a body servant to Lord Howo during the Revolution, wont to England with him, and was -servant ? to an English offioer at the battle of Water loo. Effects of Food Upon the Bones. — Experiments made by Lehmann upon young animals showed that food containing an insufficient amount of phosphates not only affects the formation of the skeleton, but ' has an essontial influence upon its separate partB. A young pig was fed 126 days upon potatoes alone, and it had, as a result of this insufficient food, rachitis (rickets, ' or softening of the bone), Othor pigs, from tho same litter, fed upon potatoea, leached out meat, meal, and additional phosphates, for tho same length of timo, had a normal ^ skeleton. Yot oven in these animals there was a difference, according to the kind of phosphate added. Two that wero fod on phosphate of potash had porous benes, speoifically lighter than the others, which woro fed upon phosphato and carbonato of lime.— Scientific American. ' 