INTERCOLONIAL. MELBOURNE, Wednesday. Two sympathisers of the Kelly gang were arrested to-day as they were leaving the city with considerable purchases of arms and ammunition, which the Kelly's are known to be badly in want of. Theatre Royal.— Byrons celebrated comedy of "Our Girls," was played last night for the third time, and was as warmly received as on its first representation. We have to remind our reader that Mr. Mortyne's benefit comes off to-night, in which he will sustain the brilliant part of Dazzle, whioh he played with so much success in Melbourne. This favorite actor's popularity with the Rookhampton public will, no doubt, secure him liberal patronago on this occasion, and give him good reason to remember his friends. School of Arts.—There was a rather thin house at the School of Arts last night, but the "Ghosts" walked as unconcernedly as if the eyes of a multitude were on them. Miss Rose again delighted the audience with her "Come, Birdie, Come," and other airs, and had to submit to the usual encores. Mr. Down also Bang in his ububI excellent stylo, and was re warded with hearty applause. In the faioos, Mr. Clinton, created groat merriment by hie comicalities in " Camillo" and ' Pat, the Bailiff." Tho porformanoo to-night has been kindly sot apart by tho management for the benefit of the Cbnroh of England Building Fund. Building Society.— Tho eighteenth monthly mooting of No. 7 Building Society was hold at Mr. Dibdin8 offices last evening. The direc tors present were Messrs. Sharpies and Pearso. Tho Bum of £103 15b. lid. was eollectcd for subscriptions and interest, Four advanoo shares were sold at 14 per oent. The Volunteers.— Tho motnbers of the committee of L Company will moot at the Armoury at 8 o'olook this evening. Police Court.— At tho Police Court yoBter- day morning, there were no cases for hearing. Gas Company. — Tho half-yearly meeting of the shareholders iu the Rookhampton Gas and Coke Company will be beld in the Oonncil Chambers at 4 o'olook, this afternoon. The business to bo transacted will oonsist of tho reooption of the directors report, the declara tion of a dividend, tbo eleotion of two directors and two auditors, &c.; Petty Debts Coubt.— The usual bi-monthly sittings of tho abovonamed Court were held yesterday before the Police Magistrate. There were fifteen oanscs sot down for hearing, two of whioh were defended. In the following undefended oasos verdiots were given for the plaintiffs for tho amounts claimed with eosts : —J.' Pattison and Co. v. O, M'Geo, dis honored oheque, £14 lie. 6d, ; C. Jagerndorff . C. Jorgenaon, goods sold, £2 3s. lid. ; Saber Bros. v. Patrick Hinn, rent, £3 ; A. Morrison v. John Ellis, goods, £2 lis. Id. ; Geo. Bobson v. Eliza Poulter, libel, £30— verdict for £10, Two oases were withdrawn, two were settled ont of oourt, and tho hearing of one was adjourned to next sitting. The first defended ease was that of M. A. Ousaok v. H. Batcher, in wbioh the plaintiff claimed £12 10s. 6d. for agistment fees and refreshments snpplied the defendant, Mr.D Aroy appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Melbourne oondactod the defenoe. The defendant in his evidence disputed every time claimed by plaintiff for tho supply of refresh ments, whioh it was alleged amounted to £6 8s. 4d., but admitted being indobtod to the amount of 4s. After tho hearing of the evidence on both sides, his Worship adjourned the case to 3 p.m., in order that tho plaintiff should produoo tho book in whioh were entered the several amounts oharged defondant for refreshments. At tho timo mentioned the plaintiff prodoed the required book, and after consideration a verdict for £7 18s. lOd. in cluding costs, was entered for plaintiff. The seoond oaso was oue in which Honrioh Shnbenhaur sued AuguBt Jensen for £7 19i. Gd., for work and labor done and oash lent, Mr. Milford appeared for tho defendant, and the plaintiff was unrepresented. The parties in the suit being Germans with an extremely limited knowlodgo of English, a Gorman resi dent acted as interpreter. Tho plaintiff was examined at some leugth, and other evidenoe having been taken, the oourt adjourned the further hearing of tho caso to 10 p.m. to-day, " The Australasian Sketches "—Of Jons 7th, oontaicB its usual number of clever ketohes, and its usual quantity of amusing and instrnotivo roading matter, although we cannot quite understand the exaot position of " Wieberg, the Gold Robber." Whether he is on the land or In tho soa, we oannot determine. " Wilson Hall, University of Mclbonrno" givos us an excellont idea of this fine building, and «' A New Zoaland Native Land Commission " is spirited, and tells its own story. There ore ' also portraits of Mr. Lingard and Miss Joanniu Watt-Tanner; tho former looking olovo'r and manly, tho latter miBoliiovous — ouo of the " Losbia " sohool, whoso arrows fly right and left, withont anyone knowing what they aim at. " Barnsdale, Gippa Land,'' and " Skotoho' of Saturday Night fn Bourke-street " aro olevsr, tho latter giving us o 'lively idea of the larrikin element in the go-ahead southern oity. The portrait 6f the " Right Reverend The Roman Cutliolio Bishop of Armidalo" conveys to ub tho idon that tho roveraud gentle man is no ouciny to tho goad tilings of this life, and that if ho be " olothed in sack-oloth for his sins " — with " good saok wine he's olothed within," The number is altogether a good one, and sustains tho reputation of the Skotcher. Engagement of the Immigrants,-- Tho new arrivals by tho Scottish Laseia nro meeting with employment very slowly. Yesterday the number of persons engaged oonsisted of only two single girls, ono morriod oouplo, and one Binglo man. Cultivation. — Wo havo frequently noted tho small number of aores under cultivation, in proportion to the number of aoros selected, both undor tho conditional and homestead olaUBOB, Wo find by Mr, Tully'e report that " there are 2,829 homostoads in ooenpation and 5,751 conditional purohnsos. Tho total area in cultivation in homesteads is 19,770 aoros out of a gross area of 893,184 aoros, whioh is abont fivo acres in overy 100, The area of enolosed lands is about 89 aores in every 100. In regard to conditional purchases, the total area in ooonpation is 3,061,014 acres. Tho proportion whioh tho cultivated land beers to this is 0'87 per osat., the enolosed lands being 49 per cent." Mr, Tolly also states that with the exoeption of Beenleigb, there seems to be little onltlvation on seleotions in tbe qolony : tbe land being almost entirely need for grazing purposes. This is a matter of very much regret, but, we oannot hope for an inoreaaed area of cultivation, until the improvoment conditions are materially altered and until population has roached Buoh a point, that a ready market is to hand for produce. If wo look at the numerous seleotions and whet are so called dairy farms in and aronud Grace- mere, Btanwell, and Westwood, where the land is admirably suited for cultivation, we shall not be ablo to find one instanoo in twenty where there is as mnoh as half an acre plaoad under the plough or spade. Cannot selectors understand that wo aro sending annually enor. mous sums of money out of the oolony, whioh they might keep in tbe colony and in their own pookats, if they would bnt follow the example set them by a few spirited mon, who are proving what the land oan grow, und what large profits acorue by even moderately high farming. It is to bo hoped that tho exceptionally magnifi cent season season wo havo bad, will not roBalt >n making onr selectors fail book into their old languid habits, from which they apponred to be recovering after the drought. Tbey must know that another drought will ooour some day, and if they are found again nnpreparsd they will have no one to blame but themselves, I Stand Here on uy own Rights!—' The Hon. John Douglas quito shooked the tender sensibilities of tho House on Wednesday even ing last, by marohing straight up to the Ministerial battory and declaring that tbe proposals to meet present and anticipated liabilities as declared in tbo Finanoial State ment, were insufficient and unsatisfactory. This bombshell fluttered the dovoootes in the Legislative Corioli with a vengeanoe. And yet Mr. Douglas was qaito justified. Ho was desirous of letting tho oountry know what he thought of tho Ministerial polioy ; and the oountry will think all the better of bim for bis oourage and plain-speaking. He took upon himself to dieoharge what ho considered to bo a duty, and we applnud bim, " I have not," ho said, " consulted with a single member, but I consider I shall not bo discharging my duty to the country or to my constituency without scouring to myself, end without giving to others an opportunity of affirming, our oomplete dis satisfaction with the Statement that has been made. I stand here on my own rights and on my own responsibility. I stand here as a member of tho Liberal party, bnt I have not aonsnlted them in any rospeot with regard to tho oourso I am now ahont to purann." This may b» all very terrible, but there's a ring about it almost startling in these times, when assertion has taken the plsoe of argument, and when party tsoties almost demand a slavish following of a course laid down or of a polioy enunoiated. We say, Bravo! John Douglas, your oourage and independence have oreated you many new friends, and made old'onea think tho better of yon. Eucalyptus Pavement.— An artiole upon " Wood Pavement " in the Leader of the 7th is well worthy of ths consideration of onr Afnttlfimnl IATl n 1 Tt claias 4Ua4 ilta L'f-an lyptus pavement has been proved to be superior to the oomtnon Norwegian oak ; that is superior to any pavement in the world. Bo mnoh is the EuoalyptuB preferred, that it has been laid down in London, Paris, Glasgow, and othsr European cities, to the extent of some 12,000 miles, and the sxpense attending it, is folly counteracted by ths advantages ob tained by its use. Therofore, it is reasonable to believe, that with tbo timber at our own doors, with no attending expense beyond catting, carting, and laying, that it wonld be the cheapest pavement we oould possibly have for onr streets and pavements. Ths Leader from whioh we qnote justly observes " From day to day our prinoipal thoroughfares are being oovered with ooat after ooat of broken metal wbioh is no Booncr laid in its plaoe than it begins to return to mother nature in ths shape of dust and mnd, disfiguring the city, destroyingt ho merchandise exposed for sals in onr shops, costing considerable: expense to olesr away that portion which remains on the streets with the intention of blocking tho water chan nels or ohoking the rivers if it is only let, ruin ing tbe health of tbo inhabitants by oansing the painful blight or that fell disease consump. tion, With the remedy (in our hands wo sit down year aftor year, oarefully note all the mis- ohief that is being done in our midst and do nothing but exolaim, " Long live Macadam the expensive." Asphalt makes an exaellent pavement in baok lanes and other tborongh- fares whore thero is bnt little heavy traffio ; but, as a rulo it wears unevenly ; it iB dusty, anil when repairs ate needed the neighbourhood is unpleasantly reminded of the fact; in moist weather it booomes slippery, therofore, it wonld not answer the purposo for our roadB, In Mel bourne for somo years past there has been " a sharp and severe competition going on between asphalt and wood, resulting in favour of tho latter, ou all pointH considered essontial to a good pavement, viz., convenience, con struction, repairs, safety, oost and olsanliness. Dost and mud aro completo strangers whon it is laid down, consequently it requires no watering ; it dries rapidly after rain, as tbe rain runs off the surfooo almost simultaneously, and thero are neither ruts nor stones. Tbe London companies guarantee to ktop in order this pavemont for sixteen years at a ohargs of Is. Gd, the superficial yard per annum— and no repairs aro roquired for throo years, aud it is so safe that Mr. Haywood, tbo engineer to the Commissioners of Sewers of London, oaloulalea that a horse may be ex pected to travel, without an accident, for a distanoo of 132 miles on granite ; 101 on asphalt, and 446 milos on wood pavomont ; and it is a well-known fact that liorsoB reoover tboir foot more rapidly on wood than on either granite or asphalt. The first cost of wood pavement, where wood is valuable, ie something moro cxpensivo than granite: but in this oolony it ought to bo laid muob choaper, whfle tho very best material wonld be at oommand. In Melbourno, now street - are being fotmod of euonlyptus in at i direotions, and we consider onr loo 1 i authorities should seek overy information npc: i the subjeot before tboy proceed further will | asphalting footpaths or maoadamisiug strosli. i The advantage Abet would aooruo from woe iu our uuformod Btrcets, whioh aro, as a ruh , mere swamps after formation, and whioh ooi '. so ranch to bring into order, most bo apparent ; while the advantageous efieots it would hav<- upon drainage and tho lightness of tho outlay —taking into eoosidorntion formation and re pairing — most rooommond it to nil who bnve n desire to seo our stroots UBoful as woll a < ornamontol. Self Help.— At the meeting at Brisbane, in January, the ohairman (tbe hou, F. H. Hart, M.L.O.) made tho following romarks with reference to the general position of tho oolony He said, — " With regard to ths prospeets of this oolony I would like to say a fow words. Nor doubt things aro in a depressed state at tho present time, bnt I firmly believe we oan do a groat deal ourselves in tho way of alleviation if wo only go the right way to work. Wo must exorcise our energies to find a market for our fat stock. Thero ' are always plenty of hungry mouths on tho other aide of tho globe, and wo should arrange to fill thom. Wo must cultivate a spirit of solf-rolianoe ; we must work longer hours, if necessary, and prac tise economy nnd frugality. No doubt the fall in the price of wool is soriously affecting those oolonies, but wo have had to submit to this before, and we know that our great staple will come to the front onoo more so soon as trade in England revives again." A Promoter's Share.— " Perhaps your Honor does not know what is moaat by a promoter's share?" enquired Mr. Gaunt, jast a littlo silly, of Jndgo Haokott, daring the hearing of a share-dealing case at the Connty uourt on weanosday. nis Honor smiled, and thero was a merry twinkle in hiB eye, which very plainly said, " Oh, don't I ?" Mr Gonnt thon ltiughiugly continued, " May I ask your Honor if you wcro over 'first robber' in floating a mining company?" His Honor, with a hearty response, and thoroughly appreciating the joke—" Well, no, I never was so fortunate, bnt I have boen robbed often enough by promoters' .shares." As tho case went on, Mr. Finlayson raised a poiut that beforo a promoter's share could bo purchased and beoome tho proporty of tho buyer, it must bo signed by bim, and was ontoring upon a somewhat humorous explanation to tbo bench respecting tbe praotioo usual amongst brokers and dealers, when tho judge again reforred to his mining experience, und onuscd a laugh by interjecting, " Nonsense ; I have had hun dreds of thoso shares, and I nover signed ono of them." Counsel gavo in — tho judgo was too mnob for him. A Political Turncoat.— Tho defeat of Mr. Pring will decrease tho voting power of tho Government, nnd inoreose that of the Opposition by ono vote. Ths ap pointment of the " boneless hoy" to tho Attorney-Generalship was a monstrous blnn- der when we oonsidor tho pantoscopic char acter of tho politician. Mr Pring is a splendid lawyer, but a failure as a colonial lender or statesmen. Mr Beattio is a stoady old Brisbanitc, as muoh ".a gentleman" as his rival, bnt ho will nover bocoine n patriolio legislator. IIo lias now been returned twico by tho Vallsy electors as tho " point" of tlio Queon-stroot party in parliamentary fielding. The " eookBureness" of the Ministry in risking a vote, and ospooially with Mr. Print', was fuolish. The sooret of defeat as Mr. Boattie Bays, was " that Mr. Pring was Attorney- General till 18G5 whon ho loft it ; in I860 he accepted this offico in another Ministry, und was thrown out for Ipswioh ; in 1867 ho joined a purely Squatting Ministry ; in 1868 ho left tbo squatters and joined Mr. Liiioy's Govern ment ; in 1874 he contested Carnarvon, aud in addrossing the electors was aooused of being auxious to get n billet ; bo said in reply holding out his loft hand, )that sooner than accept a billet from Mr. Palmer, he would have bis hand cat off ; within ten day's ho was Mr. Palmer's Attorney-General, nnd tho people of Stauthorpe burned his effigy. In 1874 he wont out, and remained thero a very long timo," Really if Mr. Mcllwraith wants to keep office, and save tho colony from the Queen-street party, ho must not mako such mistakes again, Thero aro soveral barristers in the House, bnt we think Mr Beor should bo offered the chief legal appointment, as the owner of ine isarl is rather an unpopular horAA til mn fnr tha Attnvnnw anAiral Ctnl-AS — Mackav Mercuru. Copper Smelting,— An experiment whioh will have a most important effoot on tho oopper trade was recently conoludod at tbo Atlas Works, Sheffield, where tho new prooesB in vented by Mr. John Hollway, of London, for tho utilization of solphides for fnel, was teBted in the presenoe of a large number of gentlemen from different parts of tho oonntry and abroad, Four cupolas were used for tho purpose. Ia Bessemer C shop tho first oupola was obarged with Spanish pyrites and sandstone, and th othor threo onpolas woro used as condensers. The whole material, by means of a blast, was melted withont tho use of extraneous foe, and not only was the Bulphar colleoted ia a free Btate, but tho copper and iron woro con centrated into a regulns of excellent quality. The experiment was considered highly satisfactory, and it is believod that the process will revolutionize tho system of copper smolt- ing, as by its moans sulphides of iron and copper will be utilized for the redaction of othor ores withont tho use oarbonnceous fuol, while it will bo of tbo greatest importance in countries whero sulphides aro abundant and fnel is scarce. Tub Cast of Civil Servants.— In a recent issue of tbo Sydney Morning Herald appeared an artiolo on Civil Servants, their coBt and political power. Muoh of what is advanood is as applicable to tliie oolony as to New South Wales. Tho statements, well supported by statistics aro calculated to exoito attention. The writer says, " Without oaroful inquiry it iB impossible for anyone to imagine how large a proportion of tho population of this colony is dircotly depondont upon Government em ployment, or connected with tho Government by oontraot. Tho total number of families at present looatod within onr vast torritory may bo estimated at 140,000. For the Govern ment of thoso families Parliament is asked to Bpond more than six million pounds sterling during tbo ourrent year, which is nearly equal to a pound per week for every family iu the land. It is true that a largo part of this expenditure is on acoonnt of groat public works such as will last perhaps for a oentury, and suoh as all new communities must construct if tliey moan to advanoe on tho path of civilization and progress. Still it ia not well for any oomuiunity to bo pecuniarily depend ent upon its Goverumeut to so iurgo au cxtont as in this colony. Every Civil servunt, every Governuiout omployo, tho whole army of contractors und their workmo , the froo select ing Crown debtors nnd the urcat squatting Crown leBBeos are presumably citizens nnd voters in this land of residential mauhood snffrago. At the most exciting oontostod olootions tho wholo of our roprosontativos iu Parliament are returned by probably not moao than 70,000 persona. What if it oould bo shown that moro than half those are mora or |cssiu the pay of tho Government? Tho , inforouoo tvould be that they uic musters of . tho Bituution. By orootmg a Parliament tlioy j can oroato a Government, nnd if ono doos not suit them tlioy liavo the power of replacing it : by another that will bo conveniently sub- servient. TIhb is no supporitiouB ease, but tho ) actual condition of Now South Walos ut tho present tiuo." Propitiating. — The Khodivo seems deter mined to porsovero iu tiro oourso wbioh ho has markod out for himself. Notwithstanding ths remonstrances of England and Franee, sap- portod as tlioy havo boon by tbo despatoh of man-of- war bolonging to onoh nation, tbe Egyptian ruler has rofusod to reinstate Mr. Rivers Wilson and M. do Biignioros, and has announced his determination of govorning Egypt by native offioialn. An attempt tma , been mudo to induce tho Sultan to interfoffjjt. aud to puuish hiB vassal by withdrawing tcPy' firmun wbioh made tho throne of Egypt hero' ditary in tbo prcsont family. But it is not known whether the romonstranoes of Franoe and England will havo any offset upon tho Saltan, to whom tbe Kbedivo has sent an envoy who is said to have propitiated the Sublime Porto with tho giftof half a million in British gold. The Winner of the Derby, 1879.— An English Bportaman now in Sydney, writes us : — As a certain amount of mystery soems to pro- vail relative to the threo outsiders plaoqd first, second, aud third in the English Derby, tho following particulars may bo interesting. The winner, Sit Berys, is a brown eolt by Favorinne (winner of the Derby in 1871) out of Lady Langdon, dam of Hampton. Ho mado bis debut.in the Fernhill Stakes at Ascot, whore ho was unplaoed to Lady Lamloy. Altogether, Sir. Bovys ran four times as a two-yoar-old, scoring only oue viotory, viz., a Selling Sweop- stakes at Newmarket, first Ootobor mooting, worth £187. His only engagements are tho Grand Prize of Paris, ran noxt Sunday, and tho Doncaster St, Lodger. Sir Bevys is owned by a momborof tho Rothschild family, who races under the non i deplume of Mr. Acton. Palmbearer, a chestnut colt, by tho Palmer, ont of Sohuhal- lion, ran eight times as a two-yoar-old, ouoa viz., tho Meldon Stakes, at Newoastle Autumn Meeting. His engagements, whioh are plretty numerous, inoludo the Loger. Yisconti, a brown oolt, by Parmesan, out of Lady Audley A UUUlitil 0 UUIUji 1 U LA 1UU1 L1UIM3 QD La T1 bBt" old, proviug suooessful onoo only, viz., in tho Berrv Moss Stases ut KoIbo. He is onirsi/ed in tho St Leger. — " Town and Country Journal." Attempted Burglary. — A daring attempt at burglary was mado at tha Riohmond Branch of the Bnnk of Now South Wales on Thurs day morning. About a quarter to 2 o'olook, tho manager, Mr. A. R. Adams, was awakened by his wife, who thought she hoard unusual noises. Mr. Adams, after listening for some time, oonoluded that the noises were caused by mioe, and got out of bed to frighten them away. Tbo window-blind was rolled half way up, with a green blind hanging down insido. Beforo returning to bed, Mr. Adams lifted tho green blind and pat his face to tbo window to look at weather, when he saw a man kneeling on the iron of the verandah, with his hands np, trying to undo tho snap. They exohangod blows through tho glass, when tbe man slid down and jumped tbo gate, wbioh was looked. Having ronsed np Mr. Boughtun, his next door neighbor, Mr, Adams went down- stirs and joined Bonghton, when with a light thoy fonnd that a heavy ladder had been left against tho verandah-post, aud a pair of goloBhca at tho foot of tho laddor. After day light a dinner-knife was found near the gate, whioh had tho top part of tho handle cut away, and was filed with a half cirole notoh on each side. Mr. Adams received a cut on tho right temple about an inch long, wbioh blod profusely. There was also blood on tho outside of tho window. Not more than a lniuuto elapsed from tha raising of the blind unt'fl lha man juaipod the fence, and it was olol|jj|£it tho time. Tho matter is in the hands oftne nnliflA. trlifi if. ia fn Itn linnnrl will Ira alila fn traco tbe oulprits. — S. M. Herald. 