THE GRAND FEBRUARY SHOW ■ The Show which opened in the Exhibition Building on Thursday, February 27, was a very successful one, and in respect, to the department. of colonial industries was farin advance of any thing ever yet seen in Adelaide.- It was a joint affair, carried out under the auspices of two Societies—the Royal Agricultural and Horti cultural Society and the Chamber of Manu factures—and the exhibition as a whole re flected great credit on both. A large part of the 1 Exhibition Building was devoted to tbe purposes' of the Chamber of Manu factures, and it became a perfect hive of industry, with many branches of manufacture Being actively carried on daring the hours at which the public, were admitted to the. Show. The floricultuialexhibitB were displayed in a very fine marquee, 100 feet by 40 feet, in the centre of the grounds, and the fruits, vegetables, and farm produce occupied all available space under the verandahs. There was an unusually large display of implements, _ steam-engines, windmills, pomps, and other appliances for farm and station work, and these were of oourse out side the building. There were several carriages shown inside, but the principal portion of these entries had to find space under the stockaheds on the west side of tbe ground. The interior of the building and the exhibits there had a pretty effect as approached from the south entrance, where a good general view could be obtained. Close to the door was a small fountain, with the water playing over the heads of a ceuple of children, who protected themselves by an umbrella. Whatever may be said as to the incongruity of such statues being made to carry an umbrella, there were not a few visitors who seemed delighted with the fountain, which was shown by Messrs. J. A. Holden & Co. Near it was the handsome and well-arranged stand of South Australian wines as shown at the Philadelphia Exhibition; beyond it were show cases of millinery and bats, a few specimens of tbe fine arts in the way of paintings and photographs, and at the end of the central avenue were two glittering cases of costly jewellery, the contents having been made in the colony at the establishment of Messrs. P. Falk & Co. Other conspicuous objects were the many pyramids of wines and cordials, and the less shapely but perhaps equally useful piles of biscuits, jams, soaps, tobacco, and other articles of colonial manufac ture. On the left were the exhibits of wool— one of the most valuable if not most attractive parts of the show; specimens of furriery, a row of carriages, many models and minor represen tations of colonial industry; and spaces par titioned off and furnished as dining, drawing, and bed rooms, by Messrs. S. Mayfield & Son. Bat the eastern side of the building was by far the most interesting department. Here was machinery in motion, all worked by a a ten horsepower engine erected outside, and having a shaft running along half the length of the hall. The engine was supplied and put up by Messrs. F. Clark & Sons, who had a large lathe and other machines at work. Near them were some of Mr. Dobbie's double-action pumps and an electro-plating machine in motion; also an oscillating confectionary-pan, in which comfits were being made by Messrs. Irwin & Miller; besides some smaller machines, all being worked by the one engine. A short distance away from these Messrs. J. A. Holden & Co. were interest ing a crowd of people with the working of an electric pen, after thatof theinventive genius Mr. Edison; and at the north end of the building there was quite a crush all day, the mysteries of t he jewellers' art being there revealed by some employes from the establishment of Messrs. P. Falk & Co., tinder the charge of Mr. C. Rettig. Here brooches, lockets, and rings were being made from the rough gold, and diamonds and other precious stones were being set in the trinkets, with a facility and degree of accuracy that pleased and surprised all who watched the operations. An adjoining position was occupied by Mr. Waddyacd some of his staff, engaged in their business of bookbinding, all the branches being shown from the pasting of the boards to the gilding and the embossing of the letters on the covers^ Messrs. J. T. Lewin an 1 Co. had a treadle printing press at work, an 1 near it was a gas engine working a heavy tar paulin sewing machine belonging to Mr. H. Walter. At the other end of the hall was a small hydraulic engine, the three kinds of engines—steam, gas, and water—being shown in motion. The weather being fine the attendance of _ visitors was so great that locomotion within the building was a matter of considerable difficulty, though the police did their best to regulate the traffic and point out the way in which people should go, and where the lions of the show were to be seen. It was estimated that 13,000 persons were present during the day, the receipts amounting to £520 _3s. 6d. His Excellency Sir William Jervois visited the Exhibition daring the afternoon, and was received and conducted round by Mr. S. Davenport, J.P., the Pre sident of the Agricultural Society, and Mr. J* F. Conigrave, J.P., the Secretary of the Chamber of Manufactures. . Schrader's Band occupied the usual position and discoursed appropriate music. During the evening the marquee in which the flowers were shown was lighted with Chinese lanterns. The grounds outside the building presented a stirring scene, -with, a constant stream of people pouring in at the gates and thronging round each centre of attraction. The ample space afforded by the enclosure gave room for grouping, and there was more comfort to be found in the open air under the clear sky than In the | building, where the constant crush pre vented many persons from seeing more than the fashion of a lady's bonnet or the cut of a . coat in front, and feeling the print of numberless elbows on all sides. There was much to attract the" eyp outside. Windmills wording indus triously at nothing,' but affording food for speculation in their ingenious construction; implements of various designs and clever con struction, and other instructive or interesting objects greeted the gaze, while for the sport of the multitude a swingboat and the various speculations of itinerant vendors of amusing trifles were on hand. A small crowd found employment in watching an amateur imitator of the Davenport Brothers' rope-tying trick extricate himself from a labyrinth of knotted cord, ingeniously disposed about his person, to the tune of a doleful tin whistle, and for which exhibition he received an equivalent in coppers. For the most part the visitors who had " done the inside" found their way to the flower show, where there was more to admire and much to remember. Below we give lull particulars of the several departments of the -Show. The grain show was affected by the poor season we have had, and was consequently not so good as we have seen it at former exhibitions. The Challenge Cup was won for the first time by Mr. J. H. Angas, with wheat grown at Hill River. It was a good sample -considering the season, and weighed 67 lb. 3V oz., but this, of course, did not come up to weights recorded previously. The sample was well got up and of good colour. .. The cap hasj fallen twice to Mr. C. B. Fisher when he had Hill River farm, and Mr. John Riggs— who,now obtained the second prize—also won it during two years, and would have been entitled to retain it had he got it this year again. His wheat showed markedly the kind of season we have experienced, and only weighed 65 lb. 15 oz. Mr. Riggs is a very successful exhibitor and won first and third awards for 50 bushels of wheat. Ho second was given, though he had a third exhibit. Mr. Riggs's collection of grain in the straw, which took a first prize, was not so well got' up as we should have wished to' see it. There were only five samples, shown and these were small^ For a' collection of. hot less than four varieties of grain in bags a very good sample of Mr. Riggs's was awarded the prize. ' Mr. John Frame was the 1 only exhibitor of wheat grown in the hills (12 bushels), and won the first prize with, a very hnrnt-up-looking sample. * For wheat grown on the plains in the same quantity there were seven entries,' Mr. J.Tbyer being the first and second priztetaker, and Mr. J. H. Angas taking a third. Mr. Thyer's were very fur samples and .well got jup. We did not like thelook of the barley that took, the prize, the only lot :«bown. iMr. Alton Bell's' white, oats, which' -beat Mrl J. Frame's, were inferior to .what we have seen comefrom the same , neighbour hood. The Judges considered Mr.'John Frame's Cape oats' a goad sample though badly got up but on the other hand looked upon his peas as a very fide exhibit, .and they were really very well handled. For prairi&-gras8 and ryegrass Mr. Frame also took prizes. Messrs. Rake and Parsons were the ..hole-exhibitors of mangold-, wurtzeil, and what they showedwas very fine.', Besides Other, 'prizesthey. obtained the - (special . prize offeredby Messrs. B. .&. W. Hackett for the1 best] colle^on of fodcler roots containing "twelve bf each variety. -Mr. R. Cobhledick JiaS^ a' prize for a newVariety bf green fodder.*A' large number of sections were not filled up, but as we have pointed ont the season tum been very much against agricultural produce. . Any frfilinpr li^Vmkaied by 1—M— ,.-a—v MBoatees er»r^,™s"*' the jdepertmei Boftepednnderthe -irffl ducejshow, for it tnit very luuaUel pmfll portion :cf _ xonnfi the sitd east sides of thp building bore with knee's little company of fair cheesevflanked by ^o few'dozen'' good sized eggs, gnarded-by la'"'limited- nfimibpr Sjf-* portly pots of butteTjtad1 tepbincomitemm<» by stdne" humble hams:'-': There were also Sides of -■ bacon, but tiie ^ole lot did not inate a' tHgg|r collection than may beseenat leadingoountry ■ Agricultural Society's Shows.- The quality of the cheeses ires not bad, however, andthe butter was better, and the hams although Bmall seemed savoury. Keen competition wasnot apparent, and few visitors were found lingering-long over this Quarter, thereby forming a strong contrast to the crowded condition of the /part of the verandah close by devoted to fruits.' The show of wool was meagre, though what there was of itwas good. It seems strange that in a country producing £1,000,000 worthof wool per annum euch a email display abould be made, and one so disproportionate to th6 value of the staple raised.- In the class for the' beet'«« fleeces of combing Merinownol from'Tams graz ing at large on uncultivated lands, Mr. S. W. Pitts, of the Levels, and Mr. John Murray divided the first and second prizes. The Judges thought Mr. Murray's worth, -more per pound, but Mr. Pitta's exhibit was a good deal the heavier. Mr. Pitta's fleeees averaged 17 lb. 4J oz., and Mr. Murray's 14 lb._ 14J oz. For grassfed ewes' fleeces Mr. £. W. Pitts took the first prize with six fine fleeces averaging 13 lb. 4 oz. lb1, Murray's second prize lot averaged 101b. 13Joz., and Mr. Joseph Keynes carried off the third prize. Mr. Pitts was alone in exhibiting six \- fieeces bom artificially fed sheep. The fleeces were splendid and averaged 18 lb. 2 oz. per fleece, the heaviest ever shown here. There were no exhibits in the long-wool classes, Mr . Gebhardt, the only person entering, being too late with his wool, which was of very good quality. Mr. Price Maurice took both first and second prizes for three mohair fleeces. We think it would he an improvement if these skins were exhibited washed at future Shows; they would look very much better than they can. possibly look in the grease. We noticed some mats shown by Mr. C. Sabine made from these skins and they presented a very nice appearance. In describing the very great variety of exhibits within the building we shall speak first of the art collection, which contained a few fine paintings and some splendid photo graphs, but was neither large nor remarkably excellent. There was quite a host of portraits of His Excellency the Governor, done in oil colours or by the photographer, and one of these painted by Mr. C. H. Manning was regarded by the Judges as the best in the room. It is the one in which Sir William Jervois i& represented in the dress of an ordinary citizen^ Mr. S. Solomon exhibited some very lifelike paintings, two of which may be regarded as-' ranking next to the one just mentioned. The same artist showed some exquisite coloured photographs of children, two or three of them being little gems, though the work of the ofttimes despised camera. Mr. Dohson secured honourable mention in the same de partment. The bronze medal for the best oil paintings was awarded to Mr. O. EL Strother. Among his pictures was a copy of one of John ston's landscapes, and a good one, and the other a really artistic sea view at Port Elliot, looking towards Granite Island. There were some pretty little pencil drawings< The prize was awarded to Mr. W. K. Ferneley. Miss Kay showed a very creditable sketch of a bird's nest, with the fledglings just learning to fly. Mr. G. Baker had some very good crayons, drawn from the round. They deserved the honorary mention they obtained, as drawing from the object has been much neglected. There were two studies, said to be from nature, and which were much in the worst style of Chinese perspective, the figures in them being of a very wooden cast. The Melbourne Photographic Company showed some very fine photographs of scenes at Port Elliot, which obtained the bronze medal for their undoubted excellence, although the artist had made a slight mistake in making the sun rise and set in the same quarter of the heavens. This proved that the skies must have been put in afterwards. The same company had also a door containing several very fine transparent views, the larger ones representing the Torrens "Weir and a viejw of the old gumtree on the Payneham-road. Arranged near the pictures were a very mis cellaneous lot of small exhibits in leatherwork, sepia, wool, lace, and other things interesting to the fair sex. Some of these were very pretty. One of the most remarkable, though a very small exhibit, was a beautifully made and beaded pin cushion, wrought by a little girl only six years of age, Elizabeth Berty. This the Judges said " deserved special notice." The same may be said of some work by an elder Miss Berty, and of some fretwork brackets by "Willie Tucker, a boy ten years of age. Miss E. Belcher received first prize for the most artistic design, her exhibit being a chess-table, the top of which was made of woolwork and satin, and was very tastefully worked out. The second prize in the same department was given to Miss Belcher for a chair of beautiful design. Miss Annie Barton showed a very pretty woolwork chair, and for her design in leather work—a very effective one, with an' emu egg in the centre—she re ceived a bronze medal. Miss A. Haylock received a similar honour for a fine large leather-work frame, and that of Miss Agnes H. Chapman was little behind it in merit. Mr. C. Matte showed some hand some inlaid tables; Mrs. E. M. Perryman an interesting marine clock for striking ships' bells; and Mr. W. H. Passmore a fine case of Canadian birds. Mr. West-Erskine displayed a model of his scheme for a floating breakwater, the specialty in con nection therewith being the chains which depend from the wood or iron afloat on the surface and so break the force of the swell below. He also showed a model of a room- cooler, the apparatus consisting of a sheet of canvas, to be placed in a . window and kept constantly saturated. It is worked by clockwork. The canvas is kept revolving round pulleys, and thbre being a supply of water in a small well below the canvas is kept damp, and the air passing through it is of course reduced in temperature. Hear these exhibits were some cabinet organs shown by Mr. Kauffmann, possessing all the latest improvements, even to the coupling of the keys in the same style as in the larger organs. Another article which attracted some attention was shown by Mr. T. N. Hardy It was a model fence, in which trees are used as posts, the. fencing wires being fastened to them by means of eye-screws. The screws can be taken out of the trees when the growth of the latter necessitates this being done, and fchey can. be inserted again as much lower down the trunk as required. This can be done with, a very small expenditure of time or money. Mr. J. Richards obtained a. prize for some creditable carving in stone. Frazer & Hughes got .a silver medal for some fine painting and gilding on glass. Mr. J. O. Darnel exhibited some handsome enamelled slate mantelpieces; and Mr. R. Hutchinson was successful as an'exhibitor of brass castings. In another part of the room Duncan & Frazer showed a tram car made in their factory, and for which they obtained a silver medal. Jt will no doubt be a very useful vehicle, bet the wood work seems heavier in colour than that used in the imported cars, and this militates against the appearance of the colonial-made article. In describing the machinery- department we shall. speak first of the exhibits within the building. Here Francis Clark & Sons were the largest exhibitors. Most conspicuous among their m achines was a large lathe, having 12-inch centres and a24-feetbed,and weighing two or three tons. Daring the day it was used for turning small shafting to be erected in Mr. Oolton'a new store at .Port Adelaide. Messrs. Clark Son also showed several engines—most of which, how ever, were ontside—and a host of engineers' and blacksmiths' tools, woodwork 'machinery, and pumps of many varieties and suitablefpr irriga tion and fetation purposes. Several of the machines 'were in motionů the after-. noon, andwerethe centre of interested groups Messrs. A. & J. DobbieY exhibits were an interesting show in themselves,tind fully bora out the reputation obtained -by , the. Arm. Among the newefet ideas adbpted from the land of strange inventions is the_electrO-hickel ing process, which is .said to be quite -popular now in the United "States. Indeed, as Mr. 'Dobbie tather poetically said, "America nmr glitters frith nickel." And he ^eemfe deter mined that South Australia shall share in the glitter. Accordingly that- firm showed many iron and -"brass articles electro-nickeled ana electro-silvered, and they exhibited an electro plating machine ill motion. To show how the old order yielded, and gave place to the new-— as Aiaddltrfe bid lamp - was changed for a new one—Messrs. Dobbie showed an old cruet-stand with the' electrbplate -wam oS by 1 ong servioe, «nd another one with its seoond coat on, looking very rich as comparedwith its neighbour. Tbe electro-nickeling,-which is done in a «?T"n"' way to ellBctro-plating, is a much cheaper pro cess, j and the nickel is - said -to be fax more durable and to keep its colour better than the silver. It is likely to be largely used for hand rails in trains and tramoars, and is already employed for a thousand every-day purposes In America." When the elerfro-plafcing-machinej was at work the vifeitdw to thip part of the' Exhibition had '.the ■ opi^rtanitjr of witnessing the process," the nath 'in which the solution-of,! cyanide,<of silver was plaoed having glass asides, J throngh which thesilver could oe seen leaving ' the one pole and going oh to the article re quiring to be coated. - Messrs. Hobble showed a lathe for brass turnings (in motion), a portable engine (Baxter's patent, with the cylinder inside the boiler for economic reasons), some sewing machines, and a hest of ganB, tools, and castings. They also showed at work two of their patent oscillating pumps, which' have now become very popular in various parts of the colony on account of the cheap rate at which water can be raised by their aid. Mr. Dobbie assured us that one man with one of these' pumps could raise 1,000 gallons a day regularly' from a depth of fifteen feet, and that one of them, which he sold some time ago, has ever since obtained the water for 12,000 sheep. Mr. A. O. Chambers exhibited many interest ing novelties from Yankeeland, and three varieties of his patent washing machines. As he placed one of these in the first order of im portance, we shall speak of it first. ..It. was the " Perfect Core," and is said to be the antidote to the great bane of most householders—the washing day. Its simplicity is wonderful. It iB a mere oscillating box, and can be worked by a child, and yet its virtues axe said to be so great that the clothes are washed in next to no time. The "Common Sense" and "Eureka" machines are great, bat the "Perfect Cure" " caps" all. These machines, and some large blacksmiths' bellows, are manufactured by Mr. Chambers. The rest of his exhibits are im ported from the land of "patents"small and great. KeroBine is cheap in America, and so a native genius has invented and patented kerosine stoves, which, though small and portable, are so com prehensive that their " outfit" includes separate apparatus for baking, broiling, toasting, and even heating flatirons on. These stoves are many sizes—from a few shillings in price to a few pounds. On the same stand was a useful convertible chair for a child to sit upon at table or to ride along upon on wheels. "When used as an ordinary chair the child would be on the evel of an ordinary table; when in the " loco motive" frame lie would be quite near the ground, running on four wheels, which are attached to the legs of the chair. Among the other novelties shown by Mr. Chambers were an ingenious little machine for fretwork'; the same apparatus, including a small saw, a cir cular one, and a lathe; a very useful emery wheel of new style for sharpening mowing machines; glass eggbeaters, and domestic mea sures for measuring flour and sugar, all in one; and a contrivance for mixing bread in an ordi nary bowl without the human hands being, required to touch the flour or other ingredients of the dough. Mr. A Fischer showed his Star washing machine, which was recently described in these columns, and also his circulating flue boiler. Both these were objects of special interest. Messrs. W. & T. Bhodes showed a new patent washing machine—Wolter & Echberg's patent. In this machine compressed air is " the sole agent in the cleansing process," tha weight of the water forcing the air through the clothes, and thus cleansing them rapidly. This new machine is said to be going to work wonders even when compared to other well- known washing machines. At the Show it was worked by a Victorian washerwoman specially brought . over for the purpose. Messrs. J. A. Holden & Co. had an excellent collection of saddlery and scales of many kinds and the fountain already described. Among their harness we were shown a. lady's side saddle with an ingenious contrivance whereby the inside of the stirrup would drop out should the rider have the misfortune to be thrown from her horse. By this means any injury from being dragged after the horse—foot in stirrnp— would be prevented. Among some superior harness shown was some with indiarubber and gilt mountings, the indiarubber buckles beiug more durable than leather. There were also some indiarubber bits for horses. Messrs. Holden showed quite a large variety of Howe's patent scales, some of them with a separate 'beam for taking the tare, and one of them being an army scale—a portable affair, suitable for active camp life. They also sent in for ex hibition some patent perforated veneer-work seats for railway carriages and some deal school desks of the latest and most approved type. Mr. J. J. Green showed a wax thread sewing machine at work on heavy saddlers' work and two lighter machines, besides a lot of sole leather in the rough. In another part of the building he had a neat little tase of boots and uppers, all of which seemed excellently made, while not a few were ! handsome, including some white satin ones. Messrs. F. & S. Sach sent in a very well-stocked case of guns, rifles, revolvers, sportsmen's knifes, and other warlike weapons, which might have proved very useful at Jerilderie on a recent memorable occasion; and behind this case was an enamelled slate mantelpiece and patent ventilating Cumberland stove, so arranged that the heat is thrown out into the room instead of npthe chimney. Among the sportsmen's im plements was a simple little game- carrier, likely to be useful to the successful shot, the legs of the birds " bagged" being put through a round aperture at the end of a light wooden frame, the hole being closed up afterwards so that the birds could not drop ont again. Mr. T. W. Roach exhibited a meat stand of carved mouldings and brackets in wood. Mr. T. Macdonald had a case of fishing-tackle and a few minor exhibits in the building, but outside was his best advertisement—the fine marqnee, 100 feet by 40 feet, in which the flower show was held, and which had been manufactured by him. The faculty, and pro bably some other persons, were interested in a raining sitting-bath shown by the manufacturer, Mr. L. H. Lumb, formerly of Nottingham, bat now of this city. The hath resembles an arm chair in shape, and is fitted up with pipes and perforations in such a way that douches from all directions' and on almost any part of the body can be obtained. Messrs. G Phillips & Co., among their exhibits, showed some very good colonial-made cutlery, which the Judges spoke of as being strong and good, but not equal to the imported. Some ingeniously made stoves and cooking apparatus of a very economical kind were shown by Mr. "W. A. Pratt, with a fireguard for preventing the exit of sparks— a precaution apparently needed in these days, when fires are becoming so common. One of the most beautiful and attractive exhibits in the Show was a case of jewellery all manufactured by Messrs. P. Falk & Co., and shown by them. During Thursday it was the centre of a constant though ever-changing group of persons, and the articles in the case were admired by all who saw them. They were so much admired by Mr. J. W. Davis, the jeweller, who had an adjoining stand, that the whole of the contents of the case were purchased by him before the Show opened. The purchase was a bold one, but no doubt it will prove a good speculation, as many of the articles were un common as well as beautiful. There was quite a galaxy of diamonds and other precious stones set in gold. There were diamond earrings worth about £120 a set, and altogether the esse was said to be worth nearly £3,000. Some of the sets were remarkably chaste in design, and all seemed well finished. Among the specialties ■ were brooches and ear rings with inlaid settings, the diamonds having been set in the gold after the trinket was otherwise finished. There was some excellent chasing work — in gold and silver — all the embossing having been done by hand; and there were some silver alberts of colonial manufacture, Messrs. Falk & Co. having added this branch to their business quite recently, all silver alberts shown at previous exhibitions having been imported. Mr. Davis's case was a very creditable one, though not 'so brilliant as the one he afterwards purchased. It, however, contained some interesting novel ties, conspicioos among which was an emu-egg cruet-stand, the full stand of small size being inside the egg, which was sur mounted by a small emu in frosted silver. It was both elegant'and useful. Near it were vases made of the popular eggs, with inlaid " views" of colonial scenery in frosted silver, and else where were eggs that had been transformed into claret jugs. The egg, or the shape, or the spirit of the emu seemed to be over everything, one of the largest articles in the case, a silver claret jug, having the lid made to represent the head and beak of the great Australian bird. A neat little case of bookbinding was shown by Mr. Alfred "Waddy, and prominent among the con tents were two very well finished address cases, to be presented to His Holiness the Pope—one by the Roman Catholic young men of Adelaide and the other by the Catholic children. Quite a fabulous amount of work had been spent on these covers, the ornamentation of one of which had taken no less than four thousand distinct impressions. They bear suitable inscriptions in letters of gold. There were several large volumes bound in Mr. "VVaddy's well-known style. Near this stand Mr. G. Berty exhibited a screen showing the front elevation of a house ventilated by- the glass louvre windows and other ventilators of which he is the manufacturer. Outside the windows, part of which opened louvre fashion, were perforated sheets of zinc, through which tbe air would pass freely, while 'mosquitoes and other insects, and even dust, are excluded. He also showed a model office window, of semi \- opaque glass, with a small portion of clear glass |"in"the centre, which, like the "louvre glasses" ' above, can be opened or closed at will. Atthe north i md of the building was a fine collection ^ plaster models and eastings, all made' at the - establishment of the exhibitor, Mr, J. Wake, .i Flindets-streets One of the moststriking of thCse - was a] very darge and exceedingly tasteful * plaster'centrepiece, designed by Mr. W. J.Max well,-whose skill as a carver and designer is well known] among the building trades in Adelaide. •The whole design is Gothic, with vine enrich ments, j and a pure Early English boss. Among the other exhibits from Mr. Wake's were some figures I modelled by Mir. Maxwell. The largest of thesfe was a half-length figure of Hercules, intended as a bracket for a bay window. The muscleB of the ancient hero were very faithfully reproduced as he strained'to support the great weight|he is to carry on his massive shoulders. Not jthe least interesting part of the exhibi tion was that devoted to agricultural machinery and implements. Of late years there has been a demand for labour-saving machinery for farm work, and also for improved implements, and the makers and importers have done what they could to meet it. Messrs. F. Ciark & Sons, and Mr. J. Hooker, of Hindley- street, exhibited steam boilers > and engines. The style of the former was much superior, we thought, to that of the latter, but then the latter is a colonial manu facture,' and a very creditable production. In Mr. Hooker's engine, which was awarded a bronze medal, the top plates of the firebox and shell have a rise of six inches in the centre, and are flanged at one heat in an hydraulic press, and this causes them tj withstand much more pressure. Messrs. Clark , & Co. exhibited two windmills," one from the Harford Company beiDg also erected by them for Messrs. J. A. Holden and Co. The Messrs. Clark worked an automatic pump. The windmill, which is self-shifting, is made. to work an air-force pnmp, and the air being pumped down a pipe into two air chambers, which rise alternately as they fill, Las the effect of pumping water, and the pump is very effective. Their Enterprise windmill is the kind usually supplied for ordinary work. They also exhibited a treble - action continuous flow pnmp, made for power, and to be used for deep wells. It has been introduced by Mr. Horwood, and has been much in demand amongst the squatters and farmers. It is said to raise more water in a given time than any other with the same power, and therefore must be a very useful pump. Mr. H. R. Laver also exhibited a windmill made on' a very good principle, so as to adjust itself to the rate of the wind. Messrs. F. Clark & Sons and Messrs. For wood, Down, & Co. exhibited apparatus for boring for water, and the former exhibitors had a bore down daring the afternoon. For special tools suited for tube-well boring Mr. Miller, the mechanical foreman at Messrs. Francis Clark & Sons' establishment, was awarded a bronze medal. Several other articles of value to the developer of country were to be seen in Messrs. Francis Clark & Sons' collection. Most nearly approaching it was the collection of Mr. John Buncle, the manufacturer ef agricul tural implements, of Melbourne, who has with various articles of hiB manufacture taken quite a host of first prizes during the many years he has been in business in Victoria. The principal exhibits of Mr. Buncle were two chaffcutters, one for horsepower and one to be worked by hand. Both were looked upon very favourably by the Judges, the former being awarded a silver medal, as it was considered the best ever imported, and appeared to be a very complete machine. The latter was also awarded a prize. These were the principal machines on the ground which we have not seen before at Shows, except the lately described winnower, and corn-elevator which was J^Bent from England by Mr. J. Boothby, C.M.G., and exhibited by Mr. Gilbert Boothby. A general wheat-harvester, Adelaide stripping machines, reaper and binders, winnowing machines, and hay-elevators were in classes which were judged iu action in last December. Messrs. J. Martin and Co. deservedly had the prize for stripping machines, and exhibited two, one being the prizetaker, and also received an award for their system of preparing a standing crop of wheat for market by one or more machines. Mr. J. W. Stott, of Alma Plains, exhibited au excellent machine, not for competition. Messrs. D. & J. Fowler and J. Colton & Co. exhibited reapers and binders, and the Judges considered that these machines would be very useful in the colony in the preparation of hay in sheaves for the chaffcntter if some fibrous substance could be used instead of the binding wire, as we believe the wire is likely to be broken up in the chaff, and would of course be injurious to animals swallowing it. The machine that took the prize mowed closer and tied better than the other. Messrs. J. Martin & Co. and J. S. Bagshaw & Son com peted for the prize for a winnowing machine, the Messrs. Bagshaw again being successful with a well-made article. Messrs. A. & J. Dobbie were the only exhibitors of a hiy elevator, which seems to be a useful machine. There was a large entry of single-furrow ploughs, but no award was made as the Judges failed to notice any improvement upon those of former years. They thought Hornby's ploughs uot suitable to the colony, consequent on the bodies being fixtures, and wonld have preferred seeing the implements in work. Messrs. J. G. Ramsay and Co. deservedly received recognition for their double-farrow plonghs out of 19 entries, and Messrs. Mellor Brothers' triple- furrow plough, made so as to be turned into a double farrow implement without very much trouble, had also honourable mention, the Judges liking the arrangement. Of two entries of light one-horse ploughs for vineyard purposes Messrs. Pad man & Co.'s was adjudged the best, but it was suggested tlut the beam might be advantageously strengthened. There were four scarifiers entered, but the collection did not show much improvement on those we have seen before. Mr- J-W. Stott's was considered the best, and pronounced a " simple and effective machine." Messrs. Padman -&r; Co. were the successful exhibitors of harrows, those which they showed being well made and capable of covering a good breadth of ground. No awards were made in reference to a chain-furrow,.stump extractor, or cornscreen, as it was not thought that any improvement was shown in these classes. There were five broadcast seedsowers, and Messrs. A. & J. Dobbie were awarded a bronze medal for an exhibit similar to that brought from America by them. Four entries were received for wire or iron fencing set up not less ; than fifty feet in length. Messrs. A. Barnell and Co's, which was made of hoop-iron over wire, was considered hy the Jndges good for sheep. A spiked wire fence which was one of the exhibits they thought dangerous. Messrs. Mellor Brothers entered two heavy wagons, and some of the Judges gave their opinion that the spokes in heavy wagons should be driven and not shouldered. We draw attention to the remarks of the Judges in this section which appear in the prize-list in reference to some of the articles exhibited. They recommended that Mr. J. W. Stott, of Alma Plains, have a bronze medal for a six-furrow plough. They had not seen the hay stacker by O. Bake at work, and therefore could not form: an opinion of its utility. We are told, however, by those who have seen it work that it answers .the purpose well. Articles edible and drinkable were to be seen in many directions. Messrs. Calder & Balfour, who were awarded a silver medal, ex hibited near the southern door of the hall a sample of their products got up in the usual tins and! tastefully labelled. We noticed amongst these cracknell, -arrowroot, digestive, bush, milk, pearl, nicnac, picnic, thin captains, Abernethy, lunch, Albert, small wafer, non pareil, and mixed biscuits. The Aerated Bread Company. had a place in the same portion of the building, and exhibited about the same number of descriptions of their manufacture, also shown to the public in a garb which was pleasing to the eye. On the western side of the Aerated Bread Company's pile we noticed a quantity of the now well-known Glen Ewin jam, which also received a silver medal, some packed and some opened. Portion of it, as well:as some of the biscuits, found a place on the stand tastefnlly arranged near by, principally occupied hy sample wines from the Chamber of Manufactures, dried fruits, wax flowers, and such articles. At the other end of the hall the makers of confectionary, a manufacture that has made rapid strides here of late years, were allotted their space. The principal display seemed to be that of Mr. H. Harford, the taker, of a bronze medal, whose esta blishment is in Mill-street, in what used to be the Crown Mill.. His assortment of con fectionary was very extensive, containing all kinds. Some imitation flowers we thought very nice, as were the various articles which he had in French work. The conversation lollies appeared to be as good as any we see imported. Pictures done in sugars were in the collection, bat we were not; impressed by their beauty, proving as they did that a man may be an excellent confectioner and yet a very poor artist. Messrs. Irwin" & Miller's collection was also an extensive one, and besides the various lollies shown in cases which might be placed in a window or in boxes they bad stick lollies in great variety. Messrs. F. J. Beck & Go. were the exhibitors of some dried fruits of varioos kinds which were consigned to them from Cali fornia, dried by the Alden process, which has . been practised there with much success. Fruits of several kinds and potatoes were in the collection, made up in email patent pasteboard boxeq,|whith dose easily and stand, packing. Some of the fruit was tasted and appeared to^bein excellent condition. It is intended to introduce the working of the preserving proeess here. We believe that there are 300 fruit-drying factories in the iTTnited States. In the department' of ' dried fruits there were three entries for com petition. and Mr. Thomas B. Bobson for raisins and entrants received a silver medal.'' _ ■ A stand of various kinds of cordials was to be seen not far from the last- mentioned exhibits. It contained the cordials produced at-the Crown Oordial Factory—Messrs. Amsbeig, Mitchell, and Col's, Grenf ell-street. Messrs. Hall & Sons also had a stand with cordials tastefully arranged upon it, and Mr. B. Seppelt, of Seppeltsfield, was represented in the same way. Mr. Hardy's wines, though not a great variety of them, were shown on one of the tables near the southern entrance along with two exhibits of bottled beer. The Adelaide Cordial Factory (Messrs. Stephen & Co.'s) occupied a stand in the northern end of the hall and were the only exhibitors for competition. A sample of schnapps was shown by Messrs. Feldheim, Jacobs, & Co., for Mr. H. J. Hart, of Melbourne. Messrs.; A. M. Bickford & Sons exhibited. The two manufacturers of tobacco here, Messrs. Feldbeim, Jacobs, & Co., and B. Dixson and Co., had their space in the southern end. Messrs. it. Dixson & Co. had arranged their samples in an imposing manner at the right hand side of the southern door, mid the other firm had the products of their establishment in a very handsome case, which attracted a good deal of attention In addition to various kinds of tobacco, Messrs. Feldheim, Jacobs, & Co. had on view samples of rope and cordage manufactured by Douaghy,of Geelong, Victoria, wbi<h appeared to be a superior article. We did not, however, notice a sample of this article from our local manufacturers. After some difficulty the Judges awarded Messrs. R. Dixson and Co. a bronze medal for black ping tobacco manufactured from foreign leaf, and Messrs. Feldheim, Jacobs, & Co. received a silver medal for tobacco pressed in any shape. The exhibitors of clothing seemed to have pitched their tents in this direction, some very nice cases, showing what could be done in Adelaide in the production of dress, being on view. Mr. George P. Doolette had one glass case filled with shirts and such things, while another was devoted to the display of hats, travelling hags, dressing cases, and other articles of that class. Next came two cases from Messrs. Hay & Co.'s establishment, containing a number of articles of the ladies' toilet made in a most tasteful way. The first contained an evening dress, which struck us as being in excellent taste as to colours; also a pretty travelling dress and a beautiful reception costume. Headdresses of several descriptions hung within, and samples of ribbons which the admirers of gay colours would gloat over were also of the collection. A silver medal was awarded to the case. The second case of Messrs. Hay & Co. was devoted to ladies' and children's outfitting. We were surprised at the small number of exhibitors in this class. Mr. S. Lawrence, furrier, of Kundle-stres'r, made au extensive display of fur goods of various kinds manufactured by him from skins, principally of native animals, and obtained a bronze medal. There were in the collection opossum-skin rugs and muffs, hearthrugs and mats of mixed skins, such as those of the dingo, wild cat, opossum, and wallaby; wallaby and kangaroo rugs, muffs made from birdskins, including those of the emu, and lambskins, footwarmers manufactured of the skin of the opossum, and numerous other ar ticles. The display of road vehicles was very poor at the Show, but one or two of the machines were well made. Messrs. Peters & Fuller, Moreombe and Clarke, A, Kruger, and W. H. Ram were the exhibitors.- We think there would have been a larger display with more space. F®r painting and gilding on glass Messrs. Frazer and Hughes got a silver medal. There was a very fair show of soap. Messrs. W, H. Burford & Son took up a good deal of the s'pace with some good samples of both soap and caudles, in the manufacture ef which very marked improvement has been made during the last year or two. They had glycerine soap on view ef a very superior description, which won a silver medal, and their first-quality common soap was also a very good article. The Judges spoke well of it. Mr. Walker exhibited a box of common soap and a very large block weighing 8 cwt. Some fine samples of sperm were on the same table from the manufactory of Mr. John Tidmarsh. Mr. Tidmarsh won a silver medal for stearine candles, and Messrs. Burford & Son a bronze medal. In the furniture line Messrs. Mayfield & Sons produced what was a somewhat novel, and would have been a very good feature of the Show with better facilities. For furniture they re ceived a silver medal, and a bronze medal for carpets, &c.; They had three apartments partitioned off, with the exception of the outer side for the spectators. One was fur nished as a drawing-room, a second as a dining room, and a third as a bedroom. The first was fitted np with furniture in the early English style—the framework of which had been im ported, the upholstery work being executed here. The dining-room had substantial morocco-seated chairs and sofa made at Messrs. Mayfield and Sons' own establishment, and the lightwood articles in the bedroom were also manufactured here, the elegant bedstead only being imported. Mr. J. O. Daniel exhibited a number of mantel pieces of slate enamelled. The flowerwork and the imitation marblework was hand-painted, and presented a very nice appearance. One of the mantelpieces is a novelty, being terracotta work enamelled. Messrs. Benbow & Brook and Mr. O. E. Tannert exhibited in this class. Messrs. Simpson & SonB were the exhibitors of a number of colonial-made bedsteads of various kinds and qualities similar to what we have seen at the Show this time last year. They received a silver medal. Mr. A. O. Chambers had a handsome escritoire on view, a very convenient piece of furniture for a Bank parlour or high-class office, whieh won him a bronze medal. Ample space is given in it for writing, and the shatter which comes down over the desk portion, on an American principle, locks all the drawers except those inside for particular documents, for which there are separate keys. A large one fitted up for two persons, and containing a good many conveniences, was shown by the Messrs. Benbow. We noticed in this neighbourhood some very serviceable-looking basketwork and furniture made of cane, for which Mr. O. E. Tannert re ceived a bronze medal, and J. Marchant and Son honourable mention. Messrs. Beaglehole & Johnston obtained a bronze medal for a sample of malt, and Mr. E. J. Mears exhibited a sample of self-raising flour. Gingerbeer and lemonade powders were also exhibited by the latter. Mr. T. Hardy's almonds were considered of good quality. Mr. C. Sabine exhibited bee hives, which were well thought of. There were three entries of sauces, but none considered worthy of an award. , Some iron castings were exhibited in the yard and received honourable mention. Were the dark days of heathendom to return that universal burden-bearer the weather would certainly be deified under some distinctive title as a genius all-powerful for good or evil, for all classes of the community taking pleasure in outdoor productions lay their failures at its feet. In floriculture, for example, the " wagaries" of the weather are largely quoted as bearing upon the paucity of exhibits at the Flower Show and the appearance of the plants. Even competition is supposed to be influenced by a dull day, as if florists could not send their best, bad though they may he, and take their chance. The show of flowers on Thursday was on. all hands pro nounced to be good " considering the season and where it was indifferent in any particular class that inevitable bugbear the weather bore the brunt of the supposed failure. But not withstanding the " dismals" with which some exhibitors seemed to be affected, the fioricul tural department was well represented, and there were some really splendid specimens of careful cultivation. An excellent plan had been adopted of assigning to this very attrac tive part of the exhibition a spacious marquee erected in the enclosure on the north-west of the Exhibition Building, away from {the crash_and . dost. That this was appreciated by the exhibitors and felt by the flowers was self-evident. Many delicate plants snffer much by the sudden removal to the close heated atmosphere of a public roem, even though as large_ as our spacious Town Hall; bnt iAthe large, airy, well lighted tent referred to there was not a drooping flower to be seen. Moreover, the visitors liad ample space for promenading and admiring at their ease, the _exhibits being arranged on long stands running from end to end of the marquee. Overhead were hung variegated Chinese lanterns, the soft many-hued radiance from which at night increased the beauty of the scene. Beginning with the new and rare, there was much to admire in the beautiful foliage, quaint forms, and graceful appearance of these exhibits. ■' Here it was remarked that the Show was far better than last season's, "after the weather we have had," of course. Among the more noticeable of many remarkable plants was the Artocarpus cannoni—a very fine specimen indeed; several rich- leaved crotons—some of fho finest of indoor ornamentals. Of outdoor plants one quite new variety was a'fine Lnaoca,,and ,a WelyEuhdjayapojiica, rq ' markajblefor i^'l^',fitnog^^Btdped}Ie9ye8.. An orchid, Peresteria ^ta,,vulgarly known as { the HolyGhost plant, on account }pf a, poetical Idea that its elegant white .mxy-looking flowers take the shape of a dove,waa agreat,Jattraction to the'curious. There was great competition in the -direction of table-decoratidn .plants, of ■which ia fine lot were on view, r Among these a Oaladinm argyrites, Vrith_a dcUtatelgreen leaf • curiously flecked with white, was chiefly notice able. Many lovers of natural l^utyliiigered over a magnificent. Adiatum gracilleum,. or maiden hair fern, which looked lovely with lis tiny leaves) of: "brilliant green 'and. nairlike" stems' gently {quivering at the slightest movement of the atmosphere. Another fern with a broader but no', less lovely leaf, an Adiatum farhensi, W88 equally a favourite. All the coniferous plants iwere 'good and fair to look upon. The" ornamental punts were indeed a grand lot—one with ian immense leaf and equally for midable name (Anthurrem magnificum) was especially fine. An Aralia, 'with its pjecnliar digited leaves, . was " an excellent specimen! The variegated leaves of Marante veitchii inadeapretty show. Of the hardy ornamentals there Was a^dazzling display, and fehis of every variety permitted by " the* weather" had a prominent place. There was a plentiful muster of caladinms, and some good average basket-plants of many kinds. Plants in pot and bloom were well repre sented, bnt the competition was not great, on account of the season, so it was said. Six fine cockscombs drew special attention from the brilliant colour of the magnificent flowers upon them. : The fuchsias were rather poor and there was no competition in pelargoniums. The rich scented Stephanotis was conspicuous by its per fume, and there were several other beautiful blossoms abundantly represented. Of cut flowers there was a nice selection, and one of the verbenas—the " Mayor of Geelong"— had many admirers. A Northern Territory plant, bearing the burden of such a name as Thascolus carcala, belonging to the bean tribe, was a curiosity. The clusters and shrubs were first-rate, but roses were poorly represented and there was a great rivalry in verbenas. There were also some fine zinnias, dahlias, and petunias. For the season the zonale pelargoniums were fair and the pentstemons were middling. There were not many bouquets, hut those shown were arranged with much taste in the selection of colours. As a matter of course Dr. Sshomburgk's con tribution of plants formed a crowning beauty to the Show, and they comprised many new and rare sorts. One of a nice class of ornamental tropical plants was the Dracrena goldieana, remarkable for its brilliant striped leaves. A variegated plant, labouring undo: the weight of such a name as Dieffenbachia braziliensis, and an Artanthe magnifies, made a gorgeous display with their rich dark glossy leaves. A peculiarly spiked flowered plant, known as the Billbergia, was very handsome. Over against these harm less beauties of nature was a dreadful array of the most poisonous plants known—perfect floral Borgias, in fact—yet looking as meek and humble as the mildest fodder - plant existing. ' One bore the significant name of StrychDOS nux vomica ; and another was the famous ordeal- tree of Madagascar, a tender looking, dark-green leaved, graceful plant, with, the ugly name of Tanghinia venoniflua, one seed of which is said to be - sufficient to kill twenty people—the name seems enough for one man. The world- renowned upas-tree (Antiaris toxi caria) also had its representative in a harmless enough-looking specimen, but, like a snake, with all its venom concealed. In strange contrast te these dreadful poisoners was set a sample of the new fodder-plant of South America (Reana luxuriana), a fine foliaged, succulent- looking article with wide spreading, long, narrow leaves. Next to this was a strange affair, exactly like a huge, wriggling serpent, and appropriately called the snake cucumber (Trichosarthes columbina), from China. There were also several samples of tobacco leaves. "Walking through the floral marquee and viewing the display as a whole, a most favourable judgment may be pronounced upon the flower show and the arrangements connected with it. The idea of the tent, which measures about 100 feet by 40 feet, is an excel lent one, and should not be lost sight of when larger floricultural exhibitions are being set on foot. There has been great lamentation among the fruitgrowers over the badness of the season, and certainly some of the samples of products in this way brought to our doors are not stch as we should he inclined to build our colonial credit upon. The show of fruits of various classes on Thursday was, however, very encouraging, the grapes being especially fine. Some of the bunches were enormous, and fit for a paragraph in the typical "big gooseberry" style. There were many varieties of grapes grown to perfec tion—rich, round, luscious, and fresa. They occupied a large space, and were only rivalled iu number and appearance by the pears and apples These fruits comprised tempting specimens, and seemed to have suffered little by the hard season. Oranges were of course in the minority, being out of time, but plums, danisms, and such-like luxuries were pretty plentiful. The figs were fine, bat few, and the melons were moderate. In other fruits "fie dis play was more or less good, some varieties hardly in season of course being in the back ground, but there was a first- rateall-rouid show in Section F. There is much to be said of the trials growers of fruit as well as vegetables, viz., the market gardeners, have undergone, because not only has the season been to a great extent unpropitioos, bat bush fires have destroyed or damaged some good gardens, causing the loss of much produce. It is to be hoped that better times are coming, and then we may have com - petition as keen as can be, and exhibits worthy of the reputation our soil bears for fruitfolness. This branch of the exhibition was a pleasing example of what can be done in the way of raising produce. The variety of vegetables was great, and the competition in many classes encouraging. The cabbages, carrots, and cauli flowers were remarkably flne, but the latter were not so numerous. There were some excel lent parsnips, rhubarb plants, peas, beans, and also a fair lot of salad vegetables in one part, and the pumpkin tribe was well represented. Some of the cucumbers were large, and the show of potatoes and onions was very gratifying. A large lot of mangold-wortzels occupied a space by themselves, and the whole vegetable display covered half of the north and west verandah tables. The exhibits in this department looked very fresh and clean, and were seen ts much advantage in the position they occupied The following are the awards :— Section A.—Ageicultueax Peoduce. Judges for wheat—Messrs. J. Clark, J. Dawson, M. McCallum, T. Atkinson, M.P., R. Patterson. Judges for barley, &c.;—Messrs. W. Fergusson, W. Thompson, and J. Duncan. Challenge cup, £50, J. H. Angas, 67 lb. 31 oz. per bushel; J. Riggs, 65 lb. 15 oz. per bushel. "Samples good for the season, but weights not up to previous year." Three entries. Wheat, 50 bushels on the ground, £5, J. Riggs, 65 lb. 7h oz. per bushel: £1- 10s., J. Riggs, 64 lb. 7| oz. per bushel. Two entries. Collection of grain in the straw, correctly named, the sheaf to be four inches in diameter, with sample of grain, £1, J. Riggs. Collection of grain, not less than four, varieties,. correctly named, in bags containing one bushel each, £1, J. Riggs. Wheat grown on the hills, 12 bushels, £4, J. Frame, 65 lb. 1 oz. Wheat grown on the plains, 12 bushels, £4, J. Thyer, 67 lb. 5S oz. per bushel; £2, J. H. Angas, 67 lb. 61 oz. per bushel; £1, James Tbver, 66 lb. 8J oz. per bushel. Seven entries. Barley, English (not to inclnde Chevalier), 12 bushels, £2, Chambers & Blades, 53 lb. 12 oz. per bushel. " Very good barley, but badly cleaned." Oats, white, 12 bushels, £2, A. Bell, 47 lb.' 4 oz. per bushel; £1, J. Frame, 47 lb. 2 oz. per bushel. Oats, Cape, 12 bushels, £3, J. Frame. " Badly got up." Peas, field, 12 bushels, £2, J. Frame. " Very good." Prairie-grass seed, 4 bushels, £1, J. Frame. "Very good." Ryegrass seed, 4 bushels, £1, J. Frame. " Very good." Green fodder, new variety, 2 cwt., £1, R. Cobbledick. Mangold-wnrtzel, long, 1 dozen, 10s., Rake and Parsons. "Very good." Mangold-wurtzel, round or oval, 1 dozen, 10s., Rake & Parsons. , Special prize, presented by Messrs. E. & W. Hackett—Roots for fodder, best collection, 12 of each variety, £1, Rake & Parsons. Section B.—Datby Peoduce. Judges—Messrs. H. A. Crawford, J. H. Afford, andLyona. Butter, salted, three months old, 56 lb., £3, Mrs. Oallaby; £2,Mrs. Callaby; £1, William 1 Nosworthy. -' Eleven entries. \ - ■ - Cheese, hot less than'SOOlb., £3, james Wel fare; £2, W; Guthrie. ^our entries. ' Eggs, hena,new^id,.i*8ketof:2A from one variety of fowl, no double yolks, 10s., Mrs. Oallaby; 5s., Mrs. Callaby. Bacon, six flitches, £2, Mrs. Oallaby. Bacon, two flitches, 10s., J. Frame. Hams, six, £2, Mrs. Oallaby. Hams/two, £1, Mrs. Callaby. j J <*.1 fjKD»Or-WWE.':: Vi it.. Jadges-^Merinb Gombing,Hon..L. Glyde, Messrj. V. -E ihylofj jm Caleb Peacock.' Long-Woolled,^ B. W. Pitts, John Grazier, and Matthkw£ankine.' r ^ * Merino combing :wool, six .fleeces, shorn from rams mat have been grazing at large on unculti vated lands only, John Murray (weight 90£ lb.), average per .fleece. 14 lb. -14J oz.,365 days'Igrowth; aad- E. Pitt (I03f weight), average per fleece 17 lb. 4f oz., 379 days' growW.: First and second divided. . . JndgesVEemarks.—"We preferNo. 1 (Mr. Murray's) wool, which is worth more per lb. than Ko. 2 (Mr. Pitta's), bat considering the extra weight per fleece of Ko.. 2, and allowing: for the additional fourteen days' growth, .we calculate the value to the grower as equal, and therefore recommend that the first ami .second prizes be divided equally between exhibitors." Merino combing wool, six fleeces, shorn from ewes that have been grazing at large on unculti vated ! lands only, £3, £. W. Pitts, 79£ lb., averag^ per fleece 13 lb. 4 oz,, 379 days" growth—" Excellent quality, well grown and useful (wool£2, John Murray, €5 lb. .average ,per fleece 10 lb. 13J oz., 365 days? growth— " Very: deeply grown far ewe's wool, more valuable per lb. than Ko. 3 (Mr. Pitta's exhibit), though fleeces are lighter f £1, Joseph Keynes— " Not equal to other exhibits, bnt good wool." Merino combing wool, six fleeces, shorn from sheep that have been artificially feed, £3, E. W. Pitts, 108f lb., .18 lb. 2 oz. per fleece, 372 days' growth—"Very weighty, splendid ex hibit." Mohair, three fleeces, £2, Price Maurice; £1, Price Maurice. Judges' Bemarka.—"The Judges regret that there was not more competition, though the exhibits are of excellent quality, and much difficulty was experienced in deciding in the first class of this department." Section D.—S.A. Indtjstbibs and Manufac tures. DIVISION A. — AGHICDLTUBAD HACHmBBT, IMPLEMENTS, ETC. Judges—Hon. T. Hogarth, Messrs. B. W. Pitt, W. FergussoD, W. Blake, J. Davenport, and J. Clark. General wheat-harvester, to advantageously reap, thresh, and winnow fit for bagging—Ko. 1, William Bowman. " No prize awarded; too much wheat left,in the chaff. The principle a step in the right direction, but requiring per fecting. This machine was shown under disad vantages, the gear being out of order." A system for preparing a standing crop of wheat fit for markst by one or more machines— Ko. 1, J. Martin & Co. (prize). " A-machine on the improved Marshall patent; well reaped and threshed." Adelaide Stripping Machine—No. 1, J. Mar?; tin & Co. (prize). "A machine on improve^ Marshall's patent; well reaped and threshed.' Ko. 2, J. Martin & Co. " A machine on Mar/ shall's patent; nearly equal to Ko. 1." Ko. 3. *' Lost a little, wheat and left a few ears stand ing." " The Judges were greatly surprised at non-competition in this class at the trial of reapers, &c.; Heaping and Binding Machine.—No. 1, D. and J. Fowler. No. 2. J. Colton & Co. (prize) " Mowed closer and better-tied." " The Jndges considered these machines would be of great value to the colony in the preparation of hay in sheaves for the chaffcutter, the only detriment thereto being the binding with wire instead of some fibrous substance. For a damp climate they must be a great boon." Winnowing Machine.—No. 1, J. S. Bagshaw ■end Son (prize). " Made best sample and wasted less at tail of machine." No. 2, J. Martin and Co. " Cleaned most corn, but in the above respects deficient." Hay-elevator.—No. 1, A. & J. Dobbie. The above machines were shown at work at the Society's Trial of reapers, mowers, and win nowers, &c.;, in December last. Single-furrow plough. No award. "No improvement on former years. Hornby's ploughs in the Judges' opinion are not so suit able for this colony consequent npon the body bciBg fixed to the ploughs. The Judges con sider that had they seen them in the field they would have given their decision with more satisfaction to themselves. As it is they see no great improvement." Seven entries, by Brown and Wood and Fadman & Co. Double-furrow plough, h.m., J. G. Ramsay & Co.—" Good plough." Nineteen entries. Triple-fnrrow plough, h.m., Mellor Brothers —"The arrangement for shifting from double to -triple ploughs deserves recommendation." One entry. Light ; one-horse plough, h.m., Fadman & Co. —" Beam might be advantageously strengthened." Two entries. Scarifier, h.m., J. W. Stott—"Simple and effective machine. This class as a whole is not an improvement on former years." Five entries. Harrow, h.m., Fadman & Go.—"Good and well made." Two entries. Chain haxrowB. "No improvement." Two entries. Stump-extractor. " No improvement." Two entries. Cornscreen. " No improvement." Two entries. Fortahle steam-engine for general farm pur poses. F. Clark & Sons.—" May be good engine, irat not being in work Jndges cannot express opinion." Corncrusher. " No improvement." Four entries. Hand chaffcutter. "John Buncle's exhibit good and well-made article." Four entries. Chaffcutter, horsepower. " Buncle's exhibit a will-finished and good machine. By far the best imported to this colony, and well worthy of a silver medal. Recommended ac cordingly. Some principles in this machine new to South Australia." Seven entries. Horseworks. One entry. "Stronger and better finish." Woolpress. One entry. No remark. Seedsower, bronze medal, A. & J. Dobbie —"Mellor Brothers' being incomplete the Judges could not award an honourable mention, but the principle of the sower seems an improve ment by regulating the feeding." Wire or iron fencing, set up, 50 feet. No award. " No. 1, good useful fence for sheep, &c.; Spike wire very dangerous fence." Four entries. Wagon, h.m., Mellor Brothers—"No com petition. Some of the Judges consider that in heavy drays, &c.;, ail spokes should be driven and not shouldered." Two entries. Not for Competition Exhibits.—" The plough shown by J. W. Stott (six-furrow) the Judges consider worthy of a bronze medal, bnt, in their opinion, capable of further improvements, one of which is additional stays. Plough shown by Cameron, if more simple would be an improve ment ; at present too complicated. Had the Judges had an opportunity of seeing these ploughs at work in the field they would have had more satisfaction in stating their decisions. Haystacker, by C. Rake—The Judges have not seen it at work, and cannot form an opinion of its utility for agricultural purposes. Stott's stripper — Well made -and good machine. Martin's stripper—Good machine, and shows great improvement on former years. Hooker's engine—Creditable colonial manufacture, and equal to English. Recommended for bronze medal." DIYISIOM B.—SILK, FlftROUS SUBSTANCES, AND TOBACCO. Judges—Messrs. G. Morgan, W. Whyte, and G. Wood. Tobacco, black twist, negrohead, and other varieties, not less 'than 112 lb., bronze medal, R. Dixson & Co.—" The Judges had great diffi culty in judging between Feldheim, Jacobs, and Co. and Dixson & Co., and came to a conclusion that the latter is slightly superior." Tobacco, black plug, in any shape, not less than 112 lb., h.m., Feldheim & Co.—" Fair sample of tobacco. Other exhibit (Dixson and Co.) too new, and flavour not considered good." Tobacco, aromatic, tortoiseshell or light, not less than 112 lb., silver medal, Feldheim, Jacobs, and Co.—" Of excellent quality and well made." Other exhibitor R. Dixson & Co. division c.—inni abts. All works in this division must have been execnted in the colony, and will be submitted to a Selection Committee previous to exhibi tion. Judges—Hon. A. Campbell, Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. A. Abrahams, J. H. Biggs, and F. S. Crawford. Pictures in oil colours, h.m., George Baker (three paintings), seven entries; h.m., Saul Solomon (six portraits); bronze medal, C. H. Strother J(two pictures) ; bronze medal, O. H. Manning (five portraits). Pictures ^in water-colours, h.m., Miss Fanny White (two pictures). Three entries. Pen-and-ink drawings, bronze medal, W. R. Ferneley., Crayon (chalk, pastel, charcoal), bronze medal, Miss Annie Barton; hjn., George Baker. Three entries. Sngraving, etching lithography, turn., Joshua Payne. One entry. Sculpture (modelling, carving), silver medal, John Wake—" The collection to which we have awarded the silver medal is" by far the most creditable exhibition of works of this class eVer ahown in the colony, comprising figures, subjects, centre flowers, spandrels, and other architectural ornaments. The modelling is of the highest class, and the workmanship perfect. The improvement in the style of preparing and modelling! the works ipf ihe above class within'1 thela^t four or five yean is most marked." L' Carving in ww^.lujn&a;^nadSl,-^^ W. Roach*'1 Oneeiltry. «*i> .us j, I£-iv;-1 .r. .-.g,01 Wbrks^ of art not specified, h m} George Km., MissTtay.^-F<®reniries. 7, PHOTOGRAPHS, its from life tuntoached), Kim, C. Hi'■ Four exhibitors. , _ -L-fi its " (coloured),' bronze medal, Saul \ hjni^' J; E. Tk»toon. : One other ^ex (mezzotint). One entry. No award. . es, bronze medal, Melbourne Photo graphic! Company. ' Two -entries.-'' - - i - Bepr|»dnetiozu3, h;nu, Melbourne Photographic' Compafiy (transparencies). One other entry i ' Enlargements (unooloured). Three envies. No awi-d. ■</ : =: . Architectural ' subjects, -h.m., ■ Photographic Company. One other entry. : DIVI8ION D.—APPARATUS AMD APPLICATION OF { T .TBHRAT. ARTS. Judgesof Bookbinding—Messrs. I>. Gall, J. "Williams, and E. Spiller ; of Scientific Instra ments-4Hon. Dr.' Campbell, Messrs. Mais, C. Todd, CM.G., and Smeaton. Telegraphic and telephonic instruments, Km,,A.& J.Dobbie. One entry. Electrotyping, Lm. if exhibited before, but if not bronze medal, A. A J. Dobbie. Surgical instruments, &c.;, Km., 6. Phillips and Co.—1'• A fair exhibit of bistouries." Jewellery and ornaments, silver medal,.P. Falk & Co.; bronze medal, J. W. Davis. Musical instruments, A. Kauffmann. Four entries.1 No award or remarks. Other scientific instruments, Km., A. & J. Dobbie.' Phonographic instruments, bronze metal, A. and J. Dobbie. Printing, &c.;, bronze medal, Barrow & King— " Good and varied collection of labels, show cards, and artistic printing, -well executed, arranged, and mountedbronze medal, W. G. Roberts—" Design and execution of monograms, create, and mottoes good and varied both in style and workmanship." Bookbinding, bronze medal, Alfred Waddy— : " Creditable exhibits, stylishly finished." DIVISION B.—I'UHHlTliHE AMD OTHER OBJECTS TOR USE IN DWELLINGS. Judges for clocks and watches—Same as for scientific instruments; for cutlery, cooking apparatus, &c.;—Messrs. Nettlebeck, McMinn, G. Anderson, and A; W. Dobbie. Clocks and watches, bronze, m$4al, E. M. Perrymam . - '■■■"• : - 1 Bronzes, ornamental castings in iron, and other metals, h.m.,. FonroopL Down, & Co.— " The Judgesreeammend to&Cihfutore; exhibi torssbpnld§endtb$jrexbibite_unpa|nted. .The effert pf the -artidby nowfcxhiKitedia marred Fnrnitraie,^uphdbt^^lccr^^ti^'med^i, S. Mayfield & Spra (furniture for three rooms)— ^Cqnndfea^fjiy^he Judges firateclass in style! and . wbrknmQahip, particularly the dining-room Suite, whichis i5fcoldniai workmanshipsilver meau, A; Sinyjson & Son (bedsteads)—u Greatly; improved- in "efcyle since last exhibits, con sidered equal to imported^,5 bronze medal, A. O. Chambers (office^'desk) ;Km^Benbow and Brook (duchesse .toilet tables), O, J£. Tanaert (suite of furnitureinwickbrwDrk). Carpets, tapestry, ;&e.;, brbnze medaVS. May field_& Sons—Tapestty and"carpets "very creditable display." WSndow-Tjlihds first-class - and tasteful in design." ' , ?c;: ^icv? Ornamental leatherwork, brtmfce medal, Miss Annie Burton. "' Cooking apparatus. One entry—"Unworthy." Apparatus and processes for heating, lighting,,, or ventilating, bronze medal, G. Berty (venti lators)—" Design and workmanship excellent." Galvanized ironware, bronze medal, A. Simp son & Son — "The Judges were very much pleased with this new, industry being intro- . duced into the colony, the exhibit being a very extensive one, and the work throughout com paring favourably with imported articles." Washing machines, h.m., A. O. Chambers.— " The Judges give preference to the Eureka." Two other exhibitors. Cntiery, &c.;, bronze medal, George Phillips and Co.—" Strong and good, but not equal in finish to imported articles." DIVISION F.—CLOTHING, INCLUDING FABRICS AND OTHHB ARTICLES OF PERSONAL WEAR. Judges of millinery, &c.;—Mrs. W. J. Craw ford, Mrs.Mahoney, and Mrs. W. Barlow; of plain needlework—Mrs. A. Campbell, Mrs. A. T. Magarey, and Miss Staines. Millinery, Hay & Co—"Very good style. Several very pretty bonnets." Embroidery, fancy, lace,and wool work, h m., Miss Annie Burton—"Very good tasteh.m., Miss Everard—"Very pretty and very nicely done." Lady's evening and ball dress, value not ex ceeding ten guineas, Hay & Co.—" We consider a very lovely dress, being a very pretty combina tion of colours. We award a silver medal to the case containing the balldress." One ex hibitor. Travelling costume, not exceeding five guineas, Hay & Co.—" Very pretty, hut the gold unsuitable for travelling." Only one exhibit. Lady's robe .de chambre, not exceeding five guineas, Hay & Co.—" Handsome, and very reasonable." Children's costumes, girls', Hay & Co.—" Very niceiy made frock." Boys' costumes, Hay & Co.—"Pretty and useful." Shirts and plain needlework of all kinds, bronze medal, G. P. Doolette (shirts). One other entry. DIVISION G.—APPARATUS AND PROCESSES USED IN THE COHHON ARTS. Judges of castings—Same as for cutlery ; of windmills, pumps, &c.;—Messrs. S. Davenport, . T.Waite, D. B. Adamsou, and G. W. Goyder; of carriages, tramcars, &c.;—Messrs. W. Thow, G. Barlow, L. Mauraun, and J. Hill; of harness and saddlery—Messrs. G. Barlow, J. Hill,' and G. Mullen. Machines and tools for engineers' use, bronze medal, A. & J. Dobbie (planing machine); b,m., F. Clark & Sons (collection). "Woodworking machine. No award. " Entries imported machines of ordinary type." Engines worked by gas, air, water, er other motor. No award. " Gas-engine old style." Steam boilers and engines, stationary port able, and locomotive. Two entries. "An "im ported * Faigye' of the latest type;" h.m., J. Hooker—"A good strong engine, suited for ordinary purposes; workmanship and design not worthy of any special notice." Castings (in any metal), bronze medal, A. & J. Dobbie. Machines for other uses, bronze medal, A. O. Chambers (blacksmith's bellows). Two entries. Models of all kinds, h.m., J. H. Gates (new mode fixing O.G. gutter). Cranes, jacks, pulleys, and other hoisting gear. One entry. •• No merit." Carriages, viz., phaetons, landaus, broughams, sociables, wagonettes, barouches, gigs, dog-carts, buggies, &c.;, bronze medal, Morcombe & Clarke (wagonette with patent folding top); bronze medal, Morcombe & Clarke (travellers buggy with lever top); h.m.'s, Morcombe & Clarke (double-seated buggy); Morcombe & Clarke (trotting sulky) ; Morcombe & Clarke (express wagon) ; W. H. Eay (spider buggy). Carriagemakers' and wheelwrights' work, viz. wheels, axles, tires, breaks, tools, and materials. One entry. No award (imported). Tramcare, silver medal, Duncan & Fraser. Collection of harness and saddlery, silver medal, J. A. Holden & Co.—" Very good collecr tion." Only exhibitor. DIVISION H.—FOOD, FRESH OE PBESEBVED. Judges—Same as for tobacco. Dried fruits, silver medal, T. B. Robson— "Currants very fine and well cured; pudding raisins, good sample; muscatels tough, fairly cured, but want flavour." Flour and meal, h.m., E. J. Mears (self-raising flour)—" The bread made from this appears to be light and wholesale." Nnts, walnuts, filberts, almonds, h.m., T. Hardy—" Quality good." Jams and jellies, silver medal, George McEwin and Son—"Jams of fine quality. No jellies exhibited." Beehives, h.m, Clement Sabine. Biscuits, sihrer medal, Oalder & Balfour— " A fine exhibit, well got up." Confectionery, bronze medal, H. Harford— " Well worthy." Condiments. One exhibitor. No award; un worthy. Essences and extracts, h.m., G. J. Mears (gingerbeer and lemonade powders). Malt, bronze medal, Beeglehole & Johnston— " Good sample and colour." TCVISIOH I.—JUSCHIXXKBOUS. Judges—Messrs. Debney and Selway. . Basket, wicker, and plait work, bronze medaL O. E. Tannert; hjn., J. Marchant & Son— " Both exhibits are considered by the Judges highly creditable and superior to the generality of those imported." ■ Stearine, h.m., J. Tidmarsh—"Afine exhi bition of sperm; colour and qdality good." . V, Candles, wax, stearine, and tallow, bronze medal, W.'H. Burford & Sons—" Good." One other exhibitor. " ".V Soap, plain, fancy, soft, "silver medal, W-' H. Bttrfend & Sons— "A fineexhibition of fanty and household soap. Well worthy.1" *One' other exhibitor. divisioh j.—inventions. The Judges for the various classes in this division were Messrs. H. G. Nash, J. Fraser, S. Davenport, G. W. Goyder, B. B. Knuckey, W. G. Wood,Mais,Hic Ldaouraj it. Grayson, Dobbie, Duncan, _1 Mra. A.;Gampbell,A^ Miss Staines. Mechanical appliane bronze [medal, Mrs. Bond hum's, B. .Cole (hydraulic organ;] E. WeSt-Ekskine {model roonw 1 breakwater), Moroooabe & Olai* wagoneitte), W. A. Pratt (cool r ' ABTISAHS' EBHBEU, to enconrage excellenc . will be awarded to -for work executed during toff^ait0,.,. lonths in woo&.melal-texfilei JjtoficfcVT.. or other material. <kmip^t6rs Tae^ , not be members of toeSociety, nior w^Jl^Wbe; charged any fee for "entry Of.toi&blfc.Thp;::,. exhibit' must be the workoftoe ^ ^ * Specimen of forging off the bftrnrnwi^'^i .m Cameron.ion.—"GoodnwHnnrv work."1 jon.—" Good ordinary work." . . .. en of engmeflttera' work showing skjlful ition. Twoenfries. No award. hjn-» W* ®»F Hall & Moms. . ... r : ten ofbrass castings, bronze medal,, B. son ;h;m.,W.G. Haylock. "" ten of castings in aqy metal, bronto. T. G. Haylock. One otoer entry. • Specimen of Work in gold, silver. cppper, or other metal, bronze medal, L. Lumb(bath); h.m., W. A. Pratt (bran lantern). . ';71 / 11: Specimen of work in sheet metal Ibr wire, h.tm, W. B. Pratt, octagonal window- frame in tone—"'Workmanship fair." . - Specimen of painting, ornamental or other wise, silver medal, Eraser A Hughes (painting. and gilding en glass); h.m., Miss Pitzpatrick —"We;cannot recognise exhibits as stained glass." Other entry nnworthy. Specimen of woodwork, embracing carving, turnery, carpentry, joinery, cabinetware,_pattern mafcing,or other descriptions of work in: wood* £2, Charles MStte (two oak inlaid tables) ; £1, A. McKenzie (fiowerstand, ornamental wood work). Specimen of carving in stone or modelling in plaster, clay, or otoer material, £2, John Richards, jum—"The two exhibits evidently being the work of toe same band -have been classed together and awarded the highest sum allowed, viz., £2, the work, evidently of an amatenr, exhibiting great patience. We have also inspected the bast .carved .in Manoora stone (not for competition), in which the like ness to toe subject (E. Chapman, Esq.)-is well preserved." Specimen of ornamental leatherwork," bronze medal, Miss A. Haylock; h.m„ Miss E, Belcher'; hum, Miss A. H. Chapman. One otoer exhibitor. Specimen of work in1 textile fabrics, 'embrac ing tailoring, shirtmalring, or any -other useful work in materials ,of this kind, silver triedal, Miss Ada Light (point lace, &c.;); bronze medal, MissS. Kay (embroidered handkerchief); bronze medal, Miss Kay (specimen of tatting) ; hum's, Mrs. C. Hall (child's frock), Mrs. Nevile .(point' lace), Mrs. Passmore (patchwork" quilt), Miss Adainson (tea cozy), Miss Light (point laee). Ten entries. "This class of work (patchwork end quilt) deserves to be encouraged, especially by MECHANICAL And ABCHITBCTCBALDBA.WIHGS AMD DESIGNS. Judges—Messrs. G. T. Light, W. McMiim,G. W; Pitts, TV. Thow, B. Adamson, and F. -May. First prize only awarded to an original drawing or design. • Judges—Architectural, Messrs. G. T. Light, W.: McMinn, and Hugh Fraser, M.P.; mechanical, Messrs. May, Thow, D. B. Adamson, and E. TV. Pitts. Mechanical, £2, S.Quintrell; £1,R. Cameron. Architectural, £3, O. S. Hornabrook; £3, J. TV. Lockwood—" Hornabrook's best specimen o£ draftsmanship, Lockwood's next best. In consi deration, however, of the latter being an original design and the former a copy, we recommend that the total amount of the first and second prizes be divided equally between the compe titors as above. No other drawing worthy of mention." Artistic designs in connection with the indus trial art, £4, Miss E. Belcher (table top); £2, Miss E. Belcher (chair top). DIVISION X.—SCHOOLS. Judges—Mrs. A. Campbell, Mrs. A. T. Magarey, and Miss Staines. The exhibit must be the work of the ex hibitor. Plain needlework, 7s. 6d., Miss ft. Glover (specimen of darning). Fancy needlework and embroidery, 7s. 6d., Miss Wren (macraine lace); 5s., Eliza Berty, aged five years (pincushion)—"Deserving of special notice;" h.m., Rose Berty (pincushion, &c.;). TVood carving. fretwork, &c.;, £1, Master Willie Tucker, aged ten years (fretwork)—" Exceed ingly good work for a lad of ten years." Drawing, h.m., Miss Brown; h.m., Master Brown. DIVISION L. Judges—Same as for needlework. Entrance, free. The exhibits must be the work of the exhibitor. For competitors under 21 years of age. Gentleman's shirt, to be made, washed and ironed by the exhibitor, £1, Miss Nita Barker, aged 12. Best six bnttonholes on linen, h.m., Miss Nita Barker—" It is to be regretted that in so useful a class as this there are not more competitors. The Jadges regret particularly that schools shonld not have more largely recognised the facilities offered by this exhibition for the development of this industry." Loaf of homemade bread, 10s., Miss Ella Barker, aged 10. Plain family cake, h.m., Miss Clara Barker, aged 16 years. Painting in water-colour from nature. Two entries. No award. Chalk or pencil drawing, h.m., Miss F. A. Hall. Two other exhibitors. Windmills, h.m., F. Clark & Sons—" Ex ceedingly good and simple arrangement of wood gear." One other entry. Apparatus for boring for water, bronze medal, F. Clark A Sons—" The machinery simple and good. The modification of cutters to-increase the bore through rock to the diameter of the pipe, and also the arrangement for the .with drawal of the cutters without removum the pipes, is very good. For the latter. a bronze medal is awarded." ;... Forwood, Down, & Co., __ Km-, ordinary boring apparatus, with special improvements for withdrawing pipe® and broken rods. In Class 280 the Jadges have modified their awards, and have awarded a silver instead of a bronze medal. . In candles the Judges awarded a silver medal to Tidmarsh as well as bronze medal to Bur ford. ' Leather (plain and manufactured), bronze medal, J. J. Green—"On the whole a.highly creditable production, the patent shoe, and levant uppers deserving special notice.' "'We consider them well deserving the bronze medal." | Shins, furs, &c.;, bronze medal, S. Lawrence, The whole of these exhibits reflect great credit on the exhibitor. The imitations are exceed ingly good; the only defects appear to beawant of softness in the for when handled, a slight crackling noise showing the defect, The emu skins, otherwise perfect, have a slightly oily touch when examined. These defects are, however, the only, difference from the furs of home manufacture. HVm., Price Maurice, angora skins—" Exceedingly well got up." ; - Tent and canvas manufactures, - h.mV T. _ Macdonald—"The tents are incomplete and the waterhags not of the best construction. The material is excellent, but prices might have been given with advantage to the purchasers. The material and workmanship of the marquee are excellent, bnt a ridgepole or batten con necting the four poles would have increased stability and greatly added to the appearance.' Sole leather, J. J. Green; not for competition —" The display of sole leather, as a whole, we unhesitatingly think, for the number of sides-— about fifty sides—is the best we have seen." Section E.—Flohiccltuee. PLANTS IN P0T8. Judges—Messrs. E. Lane, W. Jones, W. Humphries, and A. McDonnell. Hew or rare, not previously exhibited, 10?., Giles & Son; 6s., O. Newman. New or rare, outdoor, not previously exhibited, 10s., Giles & Son; 5s., O. Newman. Ornamental, six, for table decoration, 1%.,. Giles & Son; 10a., J. Pierson. Conifers, six, 15a., E. Smith; 10s., Giles. Ornamental, twelve, £2,0. Newman; £1, Sir T.Elder. Variegated, six, £1, J. Pierson; 10e., O. New .maw. Ornamental, hardy outdoor, twelve, £110s., Giles & Son ; £1, E. Smith. Ferns, six, £1, Giles & Son; 10s., J. Pierson. Ferns, three, 10s., C. Newman; Sa, Sir T. Elder. . Fern, one, 5s., Sir T. Elder. < Lycopods, three, 10s., G. S. Fowler. Lycepod, one, St., J. Pierson. Caiadinm, six, 15s., Giles & Son; 10s., J. Pierson. !"■■■• - Caiadinm, three, 10s., Giles .& Son; 7a. 64. ^irT.Elder. < ■ Caiadinm, one, 5s., Giles L Son. Plantsrin baskets, three, lOs., Giles & 5s., Hon. J. Hodgkias. Plant in basket, one, 5a.,O.Newman. - _ Judges' Remarks.—" Six coxcombs were ex hibited, and the Judges ^"""end th««ut »ml ^ sorry no prize was afforded for them." PLANTS IN POTS AND IN BLOOM. ' Judges—Same as for plants in pot. Hew or rare, not previously exhibited, 10s-, Hon. 6.0. Hawker; 5s., Giles & Sen. Hew or xgrgoutdoor, .not previously exhibited, 108., Giles ft Son ; 5s-, Giles ft Son. Of any kind, six, £1 10b., Sir T.Elder; £1, J. Pieraon. Of anyldnd, three, 15s., Sir T.Elder; 10s., E., Smith. " Of any_kind, one, 7s. 6d., Sir T. Elder. Gloxinia, one, 5s., J. Pieraon. Achimenes, six, 15s., E. Smith. Achimenes, three, 10a., E. Smith; 5s., J. Pierson.' ■ . AchimCne, one, 5s., Sir T. Elder. Fuchsias, six, £1, Sir T. Elder. Fuchsias, three, 15s., Sir T. Elder. Fuchsia, one, 7s. 6d., Sir T. Elder. Pelargonium, zonale, double, three, 10s., Giles and Son. . Climbers, three, 15s., Dr. Wylde. Climber, one, 7a. 6d., Sir T. Elder. Judges' .Remarks.—" The Judges are pleased to note the introduction of a marquee for the exhibition of plants, not only on account of the appearance' and novelty, but as .being more suitable for the general health 6£ the plants. It is quite evident from the small competition in seme classes the unfavourable season has affected. "We recommend a prize should "be awarded for six coxcombs, they being of un usual excellence. The habit and culture of ferns in all exhibits are remarkably good and close in competition. We were pleased to see so great an improvement and such keen compe tition in plants for table decoration, seven col lections Ming exhibited. The whole collection of plants deserve especial mention for their general culture. Judges—Msssrs. F. Wood, T. Fraser, G. Phillips, and It. J. Hibbart. Hew or rare, not previously exhibited, 5s., G. S. Fowler. Hew or rare, ontdoor, not previously exhi bited, 5s.,"Sir T. Elder; 3s. 6d., O. Newman. Of any sort, 24, 15s., E. Smith; 10s., Giles and Son. Of any sort, 12, 10s., E. Smith; 7s* 6d., H. B. Hughes. Of any sort, six, 7s. 6d., E. Smith; 5s., Sir T. Elder. Of any sort, three, 5s., E. Smith; 3s. 6d., J. Piereon. Of any sort, one, 3s. 6d., E. Smith. Bulbons or tuberous, three, 5s., J. Allen; 3s. 6d., E. Smith. Bulbons or tuberous, one, 3s. 6d., G. S. Fowler. Climbers, six, 7s. 6<L, E. Smith. Climbers, three, 5s., Hon. J. Hodgkiss; 3s. 6d., E. Smith. Climber, one, 3s. 6d., Hon. J. Hodgkiss. Shrubs, 12,10s., G. S. Fowler; 7s. 6d., H. B. Hughes. Shrubs, six, 7s. 6d.,Hon. J. Hodgkiss; 5s., E. Smith. Shrubs, three, 5s., H. B. Hughes; 3s. 6d., Hon. J. Hodgkiss. Shrub, one, 3s. 6d., Dr. Wylde. Zinnias, six, 7s. 6d., Hon. H. Scott; 5s., Hon. H. Scott. Zinnias, three, 5s., Hon. H. Scott; 3s. 6d., Hon. H. Scott. Zinnia, one, 2s. 6d., E. Smith. Eoses, twelve, 10s., J. Allen; 7s. Gd., Smith. Eoses, six, 7s. 6d., E. Smith; 5s., H. B. Hnghes. Eoses, three, 5a., E. Smith; 3s. Gd., H. B. Hnghes. Eose, one, 3s. 63., J. Allen. Verbenas, twelve. 10s., O. Ziegler; 7s. 8d, H. B. Hnghes. Verbenas, six, O. Ziegler; 5s., Sir T. Elder. Verbenas, three, 5s, O. Ziegler; 3s. 6d, Sir T. Elder. Verbena, one, 3s. 6d, Giles & Son. Dahlias, twelve, 10s, Giles & Son; 7s. 6d.> Giles & Son. Dahlias, six, 7s. 63, Giles & Son; 5s, Giles and Son. Dahlias, three, 5s, Giles & Son; 3s. 6d, Giles and Son. Dahlia, one, 3s. 6d., Giles & Son. Petunias, smgle, six, 5s, J. Allen; 3s. Gd., Giles & Son. Petunias, single, three, 2s. Gd, Hon. J. Hodgkiss. Petnnia, single, one, 2s. 6d, O. Newman. Petunias, doable, six. 7s. 6d, Giles & Son; 5s, J. Allen. Petunias, double, three, 5s., Giles & Son; 3s. 6d, C. Newman. Petnnia, double, one, 3s 6d, Giles & Son. Pentsteiuons, six, 5s, J. Mitchell; 3s. 61., Sir T. Elder. Pentsternons, three, 3s. 6d, J.Pierson; 2s. 6d, J. Mitchell. Pelargoniums, zonale, single, six, 5s., J. Piersou; 3s. 6d, J. Mitchell. Pelargoniums, zonale, single, three, 3s. Gd., J. Pierson ; 2s. 6d, O. Ziegler. Pelargonium, zonale, sis-g'e, one, 2s. 6d, O. Ziegler. Pelargoniums, ze-'irle, double, six, 5s., O Ziegler ; 3s. 6d, J. to ixhell. • Palergoniums, zonale, double, three, 3s. 6d, J Piersou ; 2a. 6d, O. Ziegler. Pelargoniums, zonale, double, cue, 2s. 6d, O. Ziegler. Gladioli, six, 7s. 6d, "W. Mugge; 5s, W. Mugge. Gladioli, three, 5s, W. Mugge; 3s. 61, W. Mugge. Gladiolus, one, 3s. 61, "W. Mugge. Dianthns, any variety, three, 5s, O. Ziegler; 3s. 6d, O. Ziegler. Diantliu*, any variety, one, 3s. 6d, J. Allen. Phlox, perennial, sis, 7s. 6d., Giles & Son. Fhiox, perennial, three, 5s, Giles & Son; 3s. Gd., Oiles & Son. Phlox drnmmondii, six, 5s, H. B. Hughes; 3s. 6d, A. W. Dobbie. Phlox drummondii, three, 3s. Gd, H. B. Hughes; 2s. 6d, A. "W. Dobbie. Floral design, £1, E. Smith ; 15s, E. Smith. Basket of flowers, 15s, G. S. Fowler; 10s, O. Ziegler. Bouquet for table, 15s, O. Ziegler; 10s., Giles & Son: 7s. 6d., J. Allen. Bouquet for hand, 10s., Giles & Son ; 7s. 6d., Giles & Son ; 5s., Giles & Son. Buttonhole bonquet, 5s., Giles & Son; 3s, Gd., A. VT. Dobbie; 2s. 6<3., Dr. Wylde. Bonqnet of everlasting flowers in their natural state, 7s. 6d., Dr. "Wylde. Judges'Remarks.—" The show on the whole is quite as well as can be expected, considering the dry season. The Judges would call the attention of exhibitors to being more particular in naming their exhibits." Section F.—Fecits. Judges—Messrs. T. Hardy, J. Cobbledick, J. Curnow, J. P. Pascoe, and Hon. T. Vlayford. Fruits, collection of, £4 4s, It. D. Boss; second prize, presented ly E. A. Wright, Esq., £2 2s , Gih s & Son. Fruit, edible, 12 varieties, neither more nor less, 15* , Giles & Son; 10s., H. Kempson. Grapes, white table, six varieties, named, one bunch of each, 15s., J. Howell £t Sons; 10s., J. Green. Grapes, table, one bunch, 5s., J. Green. Grapes for dryirg, four varieties, neither more nor less, one bunch of each, 10s., J. Bowell k Sons; 7s. 6d., J. Bowell & Sons. Grapes, table, seedling, one bunch, 5s, H. C. Q-.ick Grapes, coloured table, six varieties, named, one bunch of each, 15s., J. Bowell & Sons; 10s., H. C. Quick Grapes, six largest and finest-shaped bunches of distinct varieties, correctly named, 15s., H. C. Quick; 10s., Ind & Beasley. Grapes, wine, 12 varieties, correctly named, one bunch of each, £1, Ind tc Beasic-y; 15s., Ind and Beasley, Perches, 12, 7s. 6d„ B. D. Bos3; 5s., G. H. Harris. Apples, named, 20 varieties, neither more nor less, six of each variety, £1 10s., Giles & Son; j£l, B. D. Boss. Apple. ten varieties, six of ea-h, 15s., R. D. Boss; ]0s., Giles & Son. Apples, dessert, 12,10s., Giles & Son; 5s., R. P. Bofs. App'es, kitchen, 12, 10s., Edwin Smith; 5s., J. Gre< n Judprs' Remarks.—"Cooking apples exceed irgly good." Pears, named, 15 varieties, neither more nor less, six of each variety, £1 10s., Giles & Son; 4B1, R. D. Bobs. Pears, table, 12, 10s., W. Mugge; 5s., R..D. Boss. ; - • Peirs, kitchen," 12, 10s., J. Bowell & Sons; 5s., Gilts & Son. .. Quinces, 12,-7?. 6d., J. Bowell & Sons; 5s., E. Smith. PInms, collection, named, six varieties, 12 plumB cf each,10s., R. D. Bess. Plums, dessert^|2, As., Sutton Brothers. Plums, kitchen, 12, 7s. Gd., B. D. Boss; 5s., B. Kempson. . ~ Plums, seedling. 12,7s 6d., B. D. Boss. Damsons, round, half-gallon, 7s. 6d., J. Green; 5s., O. Newman. •" Damsons, oval, half-gallon, 7a. Gd., W.-Mugg® 5s., H. O. Quick , Piueapple,-one, 10s. 6d.f Sir T. Elder. Oranges, 12,7s. Gd., W. Mugge; 5s., H. Kemp eon. -.. , Lemons, 12,"7b. Gd, Giles & Son; 5s., W. Mugge. Limes, 12, 7s. lid., Q.H. Harris. Mulberries, 2 lb., 5>, G. H. Harris. Filberts, 2 lb., 7b. 6<L, Giles & Son; 5s., Gile j and Son. . _ Hazel nnts, 2 lb, 7s. 6cL, B. D. Boss; 5s. B. D.Bobs. Walnuts, 7 lb-, 7s. 6cL, W. Mugge; 5s., B. D. Bobs. " : Almonds, 56 lb., £l, Hon. J. Hodgkiss. Figs, 12,5s., J. Howell & Sons; 3b. 6d., Hen; J. Hodgkiss. Melon, sweet, 7s. 6d, Hon. iH. Scott; 5s, J. Howell & Sons. Melon, "water, 7s. 6d, J. Bowell & Sons; 5s, G. S. Fowler. Judges' Remarks.—"Although there isa'great falling-off in the quantify of the exhibit^ yet considering the dry season the exhibits as a whole are very creditable. We would specially call the attention of the exhibitors to the fact that .a number of the exhibits that would have taken prises we were unable to give the same to on account of the neglect of the exhibitors in not putting their numbers upon their exhibits." Section G.—Vegetables. Judges—Messrs. W. Haines, G. Story, J. Howell, H. B. Hanton, and A. Mitchell. Vegetables, named, 24 varieties, neither more nor lesB, £2, J. Allen; £1,0. Newman. . Carrots, one dozen, 7s. 6d,B. Cobbledick; 5s, 0\. Newman. Bed beet, one dozen, 7s. 6d, Sutton Brothers; Sb., W. Mugge. Cucumbers, brace, 7s. 6d, J. Hunter; 5s, O. Newman. Vegetable marrows, three, 7s. 6d, C. Newman; 5s, Sutton Brothers. Pumpkins, three, 7s. 6dL, C. Newman. Trombones, three, 7s._ 6d, C. Newman; 5s, C. Newman. Gourds, six varieties, neither more nor less, 78\. 6d, J. Hunter; 5s.,Sutton Brothers. Beans, runners, 6 lb., 7s. 6d, Sutton Brothers; 5s, Sutton Brothers. Beans, dwarf, 6 lb, 7s. 64, Sutton Brothers. Celery, six sticks, 7s. 6(L, J. Allen; 5s, Sutton Brothers. Salad, 7s. 6d, C. Newman; 5s, J. Allen. Peas, peck, 7s. 6d, J. Allen; 5s, J. Allen. Broad .beans, peck, 7s. 6d, J. Allen; 5s, Sutton Brothers. £hubarb,one dozen sticks, ?s. 6d, C. New man ; 5s, C. Newman. Parsnips, one dozen, 7s. 6cL, O. Newman ; 5s, B. Cobbledick. Turnips, white, one dozen, 7s. 6d, C. New- , man; 5s, B. Cobbledick. Turnips, yellow, one dozen, 7s. 6d, J. Allen; 5s, Sutton Brothers. Lettuce, one dozen, 7s. 6d., J. Allen; 5s., Sutton Brothers. Cabbages, six, 10s, Sutton Brothers; 5s, Sutton Brothers. Cauliflowers, six, 10s, Sutton Brothers. Bed Cabbages, six, 10s, Sutton Brothers; 5s, J. Allen. Onions, 1 cwt, 15s, T. Wade; 10s, Sutton Brothers. Onions, pickling. 56 lb, 15s, B. Cobbledick; 10s, Sutton Brothers. Garlic, 56 lb, 15s, C. Newman. bhalots, So lb., ids., U. Mewmau. Potatoes, round, red, 1 cwt., 15s., Sutton Bro thers; 10s., T. Wade. Potatoes, round, not red, 1 cwt., 15s., Satton Brothers; 10s., Satton Brothers. Potatoes, kidney, 1 cwt., 15s., T. Wade ;T0s., Satton Brothers. Tomatoes, 6 lb., 7s. 6d., Ind & Beasley; ^ 5s., Ind & Beasley. Chili or capsicum, 2 lb., 7s. 6d., O. Newman. Judges' Remarks.—" All the vegetables were good, especially the potatoes and onions. The Judges withheld the second prize for pumpkinB, as they consider they were not pure. We wish to call special notice to a dish of white Spanish onions, also a sice exhibit of egg fruit." The very interesting and instructive show of colonial industries now being held in the Exhibition Buildings under the auspices of the Chamber of Manufactures is to be kept open for a week longer. The flowers, fruits, vege tables, and other products collected by the Agricultural Society have gone, but the in dustrial portion of the show remains, and its many excellences can now be more clearly seen and appreciated than on the opening day, when the ball was eo densely crowded. On that occasion thousands of visitors had to oorite at themselves with the merest glance—over some other person's shoulders—at objects which they i knew possessed real interest for them. On ' Friday a change had come o'er the spirit of the scene. There was a constant stream of visitors to the Exhibition Building and grounds, but there was little or no inconvenience felt from overcrowding, the arrangements being excellently 'carried out under the direction of a Committee of the Chamber of Manufactures and their energetic and pains taking Secretary, Mr. J. F. Gonigrave. Since our report of Thursday's proceedings appeared ; the Judges have completed their work, and have awarded prizes and certificates to those who had materially contributed to the success of the Exhibition either by showing the pro cesses of their various trades, machinery in motion, or articles of colonial manu facture of unusual merit. For exhibiton of trade processes silver medals have been awarded to Messrs. P. Falk & Go., A. and J. Dobbie, and F. Glark & Son; bronze medals to Messrs. A. Waddy, EL Walters, Irwin and Miller; honourable mentions to W. G. Roberts and R. Dixson & Go Bronze medals to W. & T. Rhodes, for a miniature gas or kerosine steam engine for sewing machine, in operation; to J. G. O. Daniel for slate enamelled mantelpieces, made in the colony; and to James Hooker for bridge and jetty decking and fireproof flooring; and honourable mention to Miss Fitzpatrick for carvings in sepia. During each day that the exhibition remains open there is to be some special attraction in addition to the never-failing sonrces of interest -within the building and among the machinery ontside. To-day the Concordia Band is to be present, and to play some first-class music. On Monday there will be a washing-machine con test, two prizes being offered and a close contest being expected. On Wednesday prizes are to be awarded for the best horseshoeing done on the ground. Both competitions take place at 3 o'clock, and we are requested to add that the entries for each close five hours before the open ing of the match. As mentioned in a previous issue, a Melbourne washerwoman was specially imported to " worf a new patent washing machine; but the local manufacturers—at least some of them—are confident that they can beat this travelled lady, though she may have gained laurels at similar shows in the sister colony. We sre glad to notice' that the Chamber of Manufactures have libe rally resolved to admit school children into the exhibition free. Boys and girls are prover bially and actually fond of shows, and in this instance, at least, they cmnot fail to be bene fited by what tbey see. The school children of Adelaide are to have their innings on Tuesday, and their country cousins and the suburban juveniles will have free entree on the followiug day. While walking round the exhibitiou on the second day we noticed a few interesting entries which escaped onr attention on Thursday. Pro minent among these was astand of ironmonger's goods, cutlery, and ingenious nicnacs. shown by Messrs. 6. Phillips & Co. Ore of these was a type-writer, which has now passed beyond the region of scientific toys into that of usefal machines. Amongst the other Yankee notions were a steam coffee-roaster, a lightning saw with a file inside the handle for sharpening the teeth of the saw when required, and a water-purifier of simple construction, the water to be filtered merely passing through charcoal as through an ordinary pipe. We were informed that the oscillating comfit pan exhibited in motion by Messrs. Irwin & Miller is the first of its kind that has been seen in any exhibition in Aus tralia. Tbe interest attached to the apparatus merited the bronze medal awarded to tbe owners for it. A good deal of interest was taken in a compact little engine, shown by Messrs. W. & T. Rhodes, and driving a sewing machine. The eDgine can be heated either by gas or ktrosine, and it has the advantage of being almost noiseless in fact if not in name. In this respect it differs in a marked degree from other engines which are noiseless only iD name. Mr. F. K. Gerner showed some of Button's patent revolving washing machines, which are' said to possess special merit. Among Francis Clark and Co.'s exhibits were some remarkably fine castings in ~ iron. These were highly com mended by the Judges, and the quality of the work was apparent even to the eyes of a novice. In the Exhibition Grounds Messrs. Clark and Co. had several pumps at wo.-k, and seme deep-boring- apparatus of . a new kind. Chief among these were some boring .tools invented and patented by Mr. Miller, "the' mechanical foreman. These are for deep boring, and in a country like South Australia, -their importance will he very great indeed If, experience proves they are able to do'what the inventor very reasonably claims they will Jo. , -/We. say his claims are reasonable, /.because the . model we saw appeared likely to- work" well; The chief difficulty in- deep boring hitherto has been to bore the hole sufficiently large to .allo w, the tube to sink witb the auger .which works inside it. Experience has shown that when theau^er hasbored through rock "the hele has hot beau large, enough-to allow, the pipe to be forced down,' notwith^nding. a great amonnt of .pressure put njpon'.it. .Mr.- Miller has over-'. coma the difficulty toy designing a boring j tool with the steel cutter in two (or ; three) pieces at the bottom. These f separate j tools work on a pivot, scissore-like, and when pressed from above they open out below j the bottom of the tube, and so cnt away the rock or soil to a sofficient width toallowofthe tube being forced down. The pressure on the catting tools keeps the lower points expanded, and they are so arranged as to be just as strong as if working merely within the circle of-the tube. Anotherpart of the same patent is a tool for raising the eteeTcutter to the surface id case of accident without having at the same time to bring up the tube, and so cause the great delays which hitherto have been regarded as unavoid able. ' Messrs. Clark & Co. are paying especial attention to the subject of deep boring, and tbey have engaged the services of an engineer who has studied in the School of Mines of Germany, and has been engaged in artesian-well borings for a year past.. Among the other exhibits not noticed on Thursday was a neat case of rifles and revolvers, shown by Messrs. W. E. Etdns & Oo. A few mistakes occurred in our Friday's report. The sixteen prizes for flowers and vegetables, said to have been awarded to J. Heller, really went to Mr. . J. Hallid&y.; This error was copied from the official records. We now learn that the Judges of tobacco were Messrs. Morgan, Benda, and Amsberg, and not Messrs. Morgan, Whjte, and Wood. The medal which Messrs. Calder & Balfour received for their exhibits was a silver and not merely a bronze one. In the architectural drawing department Mr. Hornabrook's draftsmanship was said to have been the best, and Mr. Lockwood's the next best. The names should have been reversed. The first and second prizes were divided between these two competitors, because one of the designs was original and the other a copy. We have been desired to add that Mr. Kauffmann's cabinet organs—on which we favourably commented on Friday—were not sent in for competition. 