THE PIEMAN KIVEE GOLD FIELDS. tLBEwtuiCK Tfe publish a letter person ally handed to us by Mr Edward Barry, the writer, who declares the Pieman ttivsr gold diggings to be a failure, and adduces certain alleged facts in support of his statement. Ai, on the 2nd inst, We. in nerfact tvnnrl faifh. nnhltaltnil flm statements then orally delivered to ns by a returned digger, making only such editorial commeoU on them as tbe cir cumstances then disclosed to us seemed to justify, so now we hasten to lay before our readers in their entirety the contradiction contained in Mr Barry's letter. 01 course our solo object is to give the public a clear, unvarnished statement of (acts, bo far as these can be ascertained, holding that it iB not only wrong, but positively cri minal, to attempt to mislead diggers in a matter which might inrolve not only their fortunes, bnt even their^vory lifes. vVc therefore trust that all interested, liroctly or indirectly, in the Pieman River diggings, or contemplating a move towards that quarter, Trill read, learn, mark, and inwardly digest the state ments contained in Mr Barry's letter, and that those who may be in a position to afford us any authentic and reliable information which they ere prepared to Bopportin the same way as Mr Barry, with their signatures, will not hesitate to do so, bearing in mind that our Bole object is to place the public in the rassession of the truth, pure and simple, i Possibly a number of the diggers now on the Pieman might think it worth their while, after reading , Mr Barry's letter and these remarks, 1 io send us a duly authenticated I document, signed by them, for publica tion, in which — alter comparing tbe Klatainenta contained in the Chronicle of the 2nd inst. with those now made by Mi Barry— tbey might either see fit lo deny one or both, substituting fome other verified by their experiooce. Individual experiences do not enable the public lo arrive at ' the mean' or avenge estimate which such a docu ment as wo havu suggested would, furnish. It will be Been that, if Mr Barry's statements be correct, tbcro's imminent danger of Lynch law being enforced in the case of an individual supposed to be interested in propaga ting false reports. This alone will serve to show how very uarefol parties should be in ascertaining thuir facts, as it is quitej possible to suppose even a party accused of misrepresentation, to bo only guilty to tbe extent of being over- sanguine or careless in his esti mate. ______^^^ Tin Bnousb Man,— The R.M.S.S. Taniore arrived at Port Phillip Heads at 7 o'elook ytsterday, and anchored in Hobson's Bay at 11 a.m. Ths seanier tiangana went aloogiide aooo aflor, re ceived the mails for this olnoy, and left at 13 30 p.m. She will probably reach the wharf about 1 o'clook to*dty. Colonel Axdxesoit — We understand that dolooel Anderson is to arrive here from Hobart Town by express train to-day, and chat he will return to Melbourne by the steamer Mangsna whioh iesvrs the Queen's Wharf at U o'clock to-morrow PounOAL.— The Executive Council sat on Monday, the Mercury says, at the usual hour and discussed many matters of a routine character, as well as those con nected with tlio termination of (he present session of Parliament The adjournment is expected to take place on W ednr aday, the prorogation foUowinii iu due course. It is hoped that the Mineral Leases Hill will be passed by the Legislative Council to-day, so that it may be included in the messurei of the session The Appropria tion Bills hare received the Koyal assent, an 1 the paupers' allowances, civil servants' aalaries, and other items have been paid. The Btorie Pension Bill was under tbe consideration of the Attorney-General je»lerd»y, with whom long interviews were held by the rev. gentleman and Mr Russell Young. UoiBO or jsdooition— The examina tions tor tbe Basrd of Education from publio to superior soboola, commenced yesterday at Launceiton snd Hobart Town. At the latter plaoj the bUsv. Canons Bailey and Davenport conducted the examination, and at Lauoceston Mr £ule, Inspector for the Northern district, undertook the auperrisiun of the esndi dstes at tho Publio Buildings. At Laun ciston there are 10 can .idates for exami nation, consisting of one girl and nine boys. Tbe schools represented are Margaret street, Campbrll Town, tit, Uooards, Erandale, Perth, Nine Mile Springs, Qtieenstowo, and Hailay. At Hobsrt Torn 24 candidates have tiven notice of their desire to be exsminei, and comprise 8 girls and 10 boys. The examination will be continued till Thurs* day morning, and, aa usual, t'je results will probsblj be made known on Friday or Saturday. The exhibitions are 12 in number, six for bays, aod »ix (or girls, and open to chi!droo between the ages of 10 and 12. They each represent £1G 13- 11 per annum, and are tenable lor four years. COONUIL OF EBDCiTION EXHWITIOKS — The examination of candidates tor tbe two exhibitions of £20 each, lenab'e for four yesrs, offered by tho Council of Education was concluded at Hobart Town, tbe Jfenwrgrtiys, on Saturday, and tbe re sults were made k^own *at the Pnblic Buildings yesterday at noon. As usual there was a large assemblage of fellow students and triands of the r*ndidatef, and the auceeaiful competitors were ac corded a hearty cheer. Then were ssven eandidttes in all, tho number beinj the same as it was last year. Of these then were only two who did not obtain a sufficient number of marls to entitle them to mention. Tbe subjects of examica tion were similar to tho.e of last year, and the maximnm number of marks obtainable ni identical, 1200. It was necessary to obtain hslf that number to qualify for an exhibition. It will be s -on by ike Ublegivvn below that Henry Glissold Davenport heads the list with tbe very satisfactory total of 916 marks, which hss not been exceeded since ths year 1876. Master Davenport is the son of the tier Canon Davenport and has studied at the High School, where, in 1877. lie secured a junior N ew castle Scholar .hip. Thl next successf .1 is George Krnest Clomons, who is tho son of tbe public schoolmaster at Evaudale and was a Board's Exhibi'ioner of 1877, when he headed the list Master de mons was educa'ed at the Church Grim mtr School, Launceston. Tne total num ber of exhibitions awarded by tiie Council (inclusive of those to Davenport and Clemonslis »0, which hare teen secured by pupils from the following schools :— Hutchins, 14 ; H gh, C ; Hjrton College, B ; Collenate Sobool, 4 ; City School, 3 ; Church Grammar School, Launceston, 6 ; and private schools, 2. The table, show ing the number of made, obiaiued by e ch candidate on tbe present occasion, is subjoined :- - Daven port, Henry Cluaold, 13 years 2 months, High Srhool, 016; Olcmoi.s, George Ernrst, 13 years 2 months Church Grammar School, 744; Host, Emest Sydney, 13 years 9 months, Hutchins' School, 711; SI.xwoll, K.n neth, 13 yeara 8 months, Hutchins, School «6t ; Miles, Henry Prank, ii yeara 10 months, High School, 649. A Cuvib ClSTlNO-vVe noticed at the establishment of M.asrs Ssliabnry and Armstrong yesterday a remsrksbly good calling of a propeller lor the steamer Amy. It we ghs 5 cwt. 6 qrs., and has four blades. Tlie diameter is Bft., the blade aurfics 21 inches, snd tha pitch of the propeller 10ft:, with 120 revolutions a minute. The new screw will be Hied on before the Amy leaves to-morrow. OHEUurBT or Alcohol— Mr William Tyson, jun., is to deliver a lecture tbis evening ia the Council Chamber, Evan dale, ou the ' Chemistry of Alcohol.' The lecture will be illustrated by numer ous chemical experiments. Admission free. FooTniLL Ass cution— We (Mercury) are informed thst the drleuatos forming tbe Football Ass-cMtioo held another meeting yoslerdsy, but that nothioc was dono to alter the rule concerning the loritontsl bsr, lo which much exception has been tsken. It is to bo resetted that the matter hss not been regarded upon a broader basis, with a desire .U- be in accord with Victoria, tbe ureat home of football in the coloeie,, itJ.Uad of to take up the isolated position Tasmania will now hold. Kven though as we anticipate, tho new idea is accepted, ila effect will bs lo oriKraale s Tasmanian code of rules, which tbe orjony trill enjoy by herself so long as her isolated position is kept up, but si soon as any inter colonial visits are projected, she will hare to mato a retrosrade movement, and take new ground when she is called on lo ?how her strenRth. To ssy that the Victorian cods is adopted, with modifies tiona, is absurd. R. W. Birairr— The prisoner Ben nett, who has bro.me notorious by jus alleged fraudulent practices, left Hobart Town in ouitody, per tbe as. Tamar, on Monday (ihs Mercury aays). He wai in charge cf Constable I'erry, of the Vio ri.n police force, and on arrival in I elbourne will be lalen on to Horsliam, the arena of ius notoriety. Tho prisoner «H«een r.ffby a number of Irs friends, ind seemed by his nonchalant air to ?»»' the proMoution against him wry I Tax LaTE Pmnosbs Alice— At the nratin? of Uie City Council, liobart Town, on Monday, the Tribune says, the Miyorlaid bafore the aldermen aeiroular, which hid been haadad to him by His Eieellenoy the G rrernw. The circular outlined the suguestion that a fund should be raised lor ths purpose of per. pr mating the memory of tbe Into Princess Alics by aa'JinjE to and supporting ths bo»uiial which she founded at Darmstadt. Attache! to thi institution it a tra ning school for nuraei, ia which her late Royal Highness took a cWp inter sst, thd mem bers of which nursei her through her illnesi. Tbe EicrfKOND AooiDsur— From sd diurnal particulars supplied to us (Her eury) resp ctmg ihe bltitinc. aociient, we Learn tint tho two man. Genders and Bau/n, were charging- a hole with litho Jrsoleur, aud it is supposed that after piscine the lithofraotour osp and fate, they aid not me sufficient c'jamperinK before they commenced to ram, end by ramming toa heavily on the first layer, they probably nmasued the oap io the charge, which would cause trie explosion. Immediately after tha accident, Dr Turner attended them, and on his recom meadation, tbey were brought to towo. From various csusei delays occurred on tbe journey; same lima ws- spent waiting for the itcemor at KanqarOJ Point, but on arrival, Mr Taylor, of the Kangaroi, kindly used his beat endeavors to return to town as sosn a* possible. Messrs Grubb Bra. inform ns that the men wore not naw at tbe work, haying bseniu tlieir emplorment same right or geroui chsrscter of tbe work, and the great care required in preparing the blast, It ii a notable fact, however, that men employed at blsa ing work for anv lene.Ui o' lime eventually get thoughtless, and do not exercise that ore that they ought to do. Have Too Seen the Ghost P— A f eritable ghost haa condescended to make its proienco known to a member of tbe 'black art,' the vicinity selected by its e,boitsliips uunifeiLsli'jn being in dote proximity 10 'ho ttomin Ca'bolic burial ground in Brisbane sireet, Hobart Town (ihe Mercury says). The young man who has thus been larored by this visitor frem tho supernatural regions has the reputa tion of being of most unimpeachable veracity, and uis story mua'. therefore be a-eepted in good failb. He was engaged in the pleasant task of ' hous« hunlioe' on Saturday ereniog last, at about 6.30 p.m., and was makiug favorable progreta in his inspection, of the premises when hit attention waB arrested by the gboslly appearance of a female in an out*bousr, ?nH tin imnuHintelv nrnntttAeti tn ?«* .r— taiu who the lady wai. But, to his in tense snrprue, sue bad vanished, and no trace of any one in the ue-h being via ble, he is most po.icive that it must have been an appariiion, ai thero was no chance of any person getting away with out bis knowledge. It was eentsinly a long lime from the boar ' whm grav*. yards yawn, and ghos a do walk abroad, ' as the darkness had not li*ng aet in ; Lol the loeatitv was a most appropriate one fur tlie seauee, if we inty so term it, the building spoken t f joining the arsveyeid, and, therefore, all her gboslfhip had t J do to prevent recognition wts 10 give a hop, strp, and a jump, and over the wall she was, and in her natural elemeut in a jiffy — possibly, too, a swain was waitiog to receive ber. DiDEtticK Hit- Pbem.— In another column will bo founi an advertisement offurin- to press hay for farmers a-id others by this American process, rheaa economical and 'expeditious hay balers hare been a- wirk in the South the Uat two yean, and have given ihe greaest aatisfaction to slvippon and do.lors in hay. Captain W. Fiahor has been tho means of intr.iducing the one advertised to Northorn farmers, and tho brigantine Annie, which sailed m the IB. h, w-a partly loaded witb;Dedorick pressed hay, from Mr John Hughes', Mountiord, the first that has been submitted to the new process in the North. The bnles weigh aoout l40lba each, are tied with three wire bands, a ,d are much preferred to th' hydraulic process, both by ship mas'era and consumers in the other colonies, besides the cost is only about one-third of th ? screw press and hydraulic c mbinedplanof h-alini, an 1 no battens are needed, an important consideration la hone keepers. This press will enable Western farmers to place their hay in the market by rail at alow rate per ton for freight, this enabling Itkotn to g otj and, market hay ai distances from toon when the co.t ol transit has hitherto been prohibi-ory. An ordinary Western line grain truck will hold 65 bales or S tons. A quantity of baled hay i- now being br.u^ht from Longford to Mr Cape's etores awaiting shipment br the vessels carrying guano for tbe A. A. Guano Company. A CorTsotBHTXOUS ' BoBST.' — At the Kumtri Police Court on Thursday, a police constable laid an information a;amtt tiiin.olf tor allowing bis chimney tocilch Or.-. This rare example of a con tentious 'bobby' was&nedlOsind; costs. AClcbSwcil.— Thsnkt to his tailor and hatter, a neat figure aud an agreusbla appearance, he looks like a gentleman ; but in his views and aoniimi-nta he lisa little in common wi h the name. To rank he is prepared to pardon every ahortrom in,:; and so long as men and women are born in the pirple, he extenuaes every fault and vice they commit. U« worships bind and all ihe surroundings of fashion xs only one « f ihe tniddU class, who is ashamsd of t'te order to which he belongs can worship them. ' Blood' is to him all what religion is, all what principle is, all wha- honor, trail, moraliii are to other men. He does not reaped rank as it is only right that it-should in this country be resp-cted, but he regards it with tbe most slavish adulation. If the son of a peer ia a knave, or tha daughter of a peer hideous, he will find the one honorable and the otliera beauty. Ho detests every class but the one to which ho does not belong, and into which he cannot gain admittance. Heii indifferent to anything forilaown aake; bat if an undertaking be encouraged by the peerage, he liles to see his name among those who have given a guinea. He is the brat of men to visit a fancy bazaar, for a durhess or a cinnteaa can wheedle him out of half of his monthly allowanc. He seldom plays whist ; but when he finds that any ' swells' are in tho card room of lh« Caravanserai, hu will cut in and be prond to lose money in such good company. — London Society. Bbal Novelty in LiDixs* Du«eis ? A lady writing in London on femin ne fancies and fashion aays :— Men evidently take an interest in women's clotbes, even when tho women are not in them. I have noticed how often gentlemen will linger at a miLiners or drapers window, and it is amusing to hear thrir o^inious Dow oracular they are— jutt as if they ment with a aolemn gravity eminently befitting so weighty a matter, and how strangely they miscall things. A gentle, man, who Eoes mncli into society, re narkid tlio other day in my hearing 'that as a rue women looked best £1 black, and with rare oicep iona that men thought so.' This is a point which outers largely into the calculation or women when making choice of a new dress Telling of new drosses reminds me thst an artist in Austria is said to have in vented a pliable material out of glass. Surely wondeis will never cea.e. : Dresses, ruffs, collars, veils, and even I carpets are manufactured out ot the I brittle substance, whiob, being a am conductor of heat, the diseorer says males ?rarrn clothing. We preiumeit is opaque, - and, like, Uie new tumblers, unbreakable. ' Otherwise, living in gists dresses, .we must forbear to throw stones, and insure our clothing against breakage as shop. . koeperi do their plate glass windows. Truly men have sought out many inven tions—whether tltey will be popular or ot remains to be seen. 