FSCTION. ( ___"_ «from EnftHsfi, Amerlcfin, «nd ofbcr Periodicals« s "S" Xj_y i E¡. CHAPTER V. A CnY IN THE NIGHT. We next find Sylvie's gipsy face turned up to the moon, her plump, brown hands supporting her chin, her elbows on the window-sill of her own bedroom, up stairs. She is drenmiupr, though awake. Bo absorbed is she that she does not know where she is-she has forgotten ber own name. A strange companion is with her. unseen, yet vivid, clinging closer than ever companion clnng before. The blazing eyes of wrathful Kingsley Dnvar pierce her soul always-always ; the deep voice chimes in her par persistently ; the mighty form looms before her like a knicht of chivalry of the days of Vrave King Arthur, when a woman's weak- ness had a hundred knightly bands to be its strength. She has seen more in the single flash of a terrified glance than the whole of her seventeen years ever showed her before ; she has seen what will be re- membered for ay e. Her great, soft eyes question the si'ver-rimmed planet wistfully ; her moist lips apart, trembling sights issue from a heart whi(.h is thrilling with an unspeakable emotion-a heart which has awaked from its unconsciousness, and is sdngingly, de- liriously, ali7e. In such breathings of the newly-quickened soul, in such flushings of the hnlf- npened bud, in such tremors of ineffable wondering, did the fleet summer night slip by, and the crimson shafts of dawn surprised the girl before she deemed an hour of reverie had passed. It was with a st'.rt of astonishment that she marked the red glow- on the bit sf river down by the mill, announcing that the new day had already ar- rived. Sho threw open the window and leaned out, spreading her hot hands to catch the dewy breeze while her wistful eyes roved over the wild scene with a strange regret. "Oh, King Duvar, come back tome!" breathed the girl, bending forward in sweet invitation, with outstretched arms, to the presence which now must vanish, spirit-like, that the world was waking. And Bure enough, out stepped from the close skirt- ing tree-trunks, neither spirit nor memory, but Duvar himrelf, clothed in all the habiliments of lusty flesh, and muscle, and forester's easy costume. The dawn was on his countenance, red, re splendent, bis masterful eyes were full of it; bis locks were molten by it ; he asme under her window, this glorious vision, and looked up at her fixedly. There was no surprise visible upon her face ; she thought: " It is quite natur I ; it is, of course I I wished for him, and he came ! ' "So it jens Miss Ard en's little face that gemmed the window all night lone !" quoth Duvar, scarce smiling. "Faith, your watch hos been as keen ns mine, and neither of us his bogged any game !" " Sir, you-you have not been here all J night surely ?" exclaimed the maiden, very shyly. The stranger laughed a careless, easy laugh, that showed two dazzling arches of teeth. " I saw an incendiary's brand in the eyes of thnj friend of youri, lapt evening, as be walked away," said he, " and I pitched my camp where I might have a bird's-eye view, of the captain's thatch," " How kind-how kind !" ejaculated Sylvie, in a tone of boundlefs gratitude ; and then a blinding confesión overwhelmed her at the impassioned tone of her own voice, and she drew back almost as if she would fly. " Are you going to come down snd thank me for my tremendous snerifice of Mrs. Gervoise's best bed at St. Girons ?" aBksd the young man, smiling more and more. She reman ed on her knees, as before, with her bands preesed to her bosom, and trembling in every limb, until an ungovernable inclination forced her to snatch up ber hat, and obey the audacious request, Roefe-cheeked, diamond- eyed, resistlessly ensnaring as ''-oJjojiri, she -.ripped over the spangled grass and stood mg to't'hj^,jmpU(]erJt ¿0g to ask a lady out BO early as each mfetng, em I not ?" exclaimed he, with mock " '" ^_CÎ,e5P,ile he held out his eager bund. S.r t&M;^i soft fingers into his, and suffered the **&& "ÍJ«.V*{ pref sure which he gave them with a »i yea^%cd'fl«8h of,the dusky eyes which almost .T toïatF° S «aJffle Bl thank you for the service you have grandpa and me P" murmured Sylvie, v¿oníe^down to the river brink, just there hloóltsasif its bed was of Bohemian glass, , ^ Ji'iiB tolk over the business. I'm dying to Warnow «Ibat that spectral individual with the glasses le up to * ' \ ¿9b à th. 1 /filióme dóv >4ê P el W If1, ' IÇheJ began to stroll side by side down the dewy I >'¿ '-glade, all empurpled with a ruby light coming up ¿ ~ ír'om the gates of the sun, and the white stars vanished . j into milky vapor, " Why did you go away BO suddenly yesterday P" ' queried Sylvie, very timid ly. " Suddenly ?" (with a delighted air). " Why, I I would have been delighted to stay longer, but I feared you had had enough of admiring visitors for awhile ;" (with a lurking smile about the corners of a mouth which wns decidedly killing in its pensive droop). " Besides, I did not tell you my name." " Oh, J know it. I heard you tell it to him," said she, with lowered lids; "and I can't thank Mr. Duvar enough for giving such a coward a lesson in politeness. My grandpa said, when I told him, that he must find you out, and thank you." " Miss Arden's thanks are enough, and far more than enough, for the service done ; but as I'm go- ing to pay St, Girons a lengthened visit, I will gladly take the opportunity of making Captain Arden's acquaintance." s He watched as he spoke the play of «motion on J that piquant vis»ge, with its pearl-like eyes and most kissable lips,'and he swore within himself that the sylvan beauty waa a prise tobo fought for through flood and blood 1 The longer tbey paced together in the fresh sum- mer d«wn, with the flower- sprinkled grass under their feft/the moro natural it seemed to be that they (bould, so walk. It was the easiest thing in the world for her to get accustomed to his presence-for him to accustom his eyes to their watch of her. Time flew by on light enough wings while sooccupied. He told her that he was a citizen of her own, and had come north to have a summer's hunting in the Canadian backwoods, He explained that in passing the cottage yesterday evening, he had been arrested by the sound of her voice asking in distress, " Why do you persecute us ?" and had seen through the open door what followed. Again che earnestly thanked bim for his in- terference, and, with flashing eyes, related the whole story of Hardwicke's persecutions. Duvar listened with enough sympathetic rage to have flattered any woman, and at the close burst out angrily : "Confound the man I I'll make it my business to show up his game, whatever it is. Never fear, MisB Arden." Ila took her hand impetuously between both of his, and his starry eyes sought to catch one glance from the dark-fringed, down-dropped orbs of the girl. "I don't know why he should act so badly to ne," stammered Sylvie, shrinking from bis ardent touch. " But I do-bang him 1" cried King Duvar, watch- ing her, with a half-angry vehemence. " He wouldn't be half so hard on your grandfather if he didn't want to drive you to terms. He wants to marry you 1" , "He'll never do it!" exclaimed Sylvie, with a panting breast; "not if he were the lost man on earth !" " Which he inn't," rejoined Duvar, looking im- mensely pleased ; " and since you've had the spirit to vow that, Miss Arden, I'll take my turn. Aa long as you'll let me, I'll protect you from every sort of annoyance. There, that's my vow, and, by George, I'll keep it !" Even while be spoke a footstep, soft and steal- thy, sounded near them, and, with a stifled cry, Sylvie pointed to the adjacent underbrush, Duvar bounded off in search of the eavesdropper, but caine back anon with a smile, saying that he had sighted as fine a mink as ever he saw in bia life, but tant, as ill-luck would hive it, he had left his gun in the crotch of the tree where he had passed the night. " Which is purely your fault, my young friend,' added he, paternally; "for if you hadn't opened your window I wouldn't have come to yon un- armed. I was afraid that if I came armed you'd faint, or something of the sort," This made them both very merry, and Sylvie proposed going back to find the gun, which they soon did, and then she slnng his empty game-bag over his shoulder with trembling finger«, that grew rosy when he kissed them, and then she said she really must go back to the cottage. " But you'll come and see grandpa this evening won't you ?" murmured she, shyly. " Thanks I May I ?" waa the delighted response. " So, with a final glance from eyes that kissed each other, tbey parted, and the young hunter, after watching her trip safely across tbe field to the cottage door, went off to find bia mink, Sylvie went to bed, and slept deliciously upon her matin walk. In the evening she went to the window to watch for King Duvar. Somehow, she had not yet found what she considered a good opportunity to tell bar grandfather of her morning's interview, con- sequently ' be was as yet unaware of the honor intended him. She sat there, watching the sunset, watching the twilight, watching the late- coming night, long and silently. " What's amiss, my chick ?"" asked the captain, looking over his newspaper at the black figure with its averted face. She glanced round with a very wistful pair of eyes. " Is it late, grandpa ?" " Ten o'clock," answered the old man, looking at his watch. i Her eyes went back to the darkened window with a lait, long, yearning look ; next moment Bhe started back with a scream. '. Grandpa ! grandpa ! Hardwicke WBS at the win- dow just nowl" "The scoundrel!" cried Arden, throwing down his paper with angry violence, and springing to his feet, " The light fell on his face, grandpa." " Ay ! and you're Bure it was he ?" " The light fell on his face, and there was some- thing-there was something deadly in his look," she began to clasp and unclasp her hands, looking round restlessly, at last it came out-" and I'm afraid he has murdered Mr. Duvar !" Captain Arden whistled amazedly, strode to the outer porch, and stood there pricking up his old ears for signs of the prowler's vicinity, Sylvie slipped after him to supplement with her young ears the listening committee. The moon had not yet risen; th« sky was cov- ered with clouds; a murky gloom thickened the air. Suddenly Sylvie grasped the old man's arm with hands bold as ice. " What's that P ' the gasped. " Nothing but an owl, you foolish child I Go in and get me my hat and stick, I'll bave a hunt for Master Hardwicke." "Listen! There-there again 1 Oh, grandpa, it's a human voice 1" Yes, a wild cry, faint, -vibrating, repeated-the cry of despair ! " I know-I know that voice !" shrieked Sylvie Arden. " It's King Duvar's ! Save him-save him' grandpa I" Captain Arden roared with the lungs of a stentor for his French-Canadian serving-man to come out of the kitchen, armed himself with pistols, made the man get a lantern, and they sailed forth. Sylvie had no notion of being left behind. She threw a thick shawl around her, and flew out after them. " Get back into the houBo with you !" cried the old marine, looking behind, and instinctively disapprov- ing of women during active service. "No, grandpa I" returned the young Amazon^ firmly. "If there's any danger to me, there's the same to you 1" So her grandfather, from sheer inability to wage successful war with a woman's tongue, and hove wind enough left for running, WBS fain to let her have her way. They all three stood on the wood-path, that wound m and out through countlees acres of forest- land, and they strained their ears for a repetition Jof the cries they had heard. The voice came anon faint, hoarse, sustained. The Frencbmamanswejed by a loud yell/ and they started off in the direction of the sound, Big tears were rushing down ~Sylvib'8~cheeks I If she had been charged with crying about Mr. j Duvar, she would have thought herself affronted ; she would have retorted spicily : "I'd do the same for any brave man ia dis- tress. Who but a dumb brute could bear the like of that unmoved ?" They pressed on through a winding path, stumbl- ing over gins and «nares, spread by the tree-roots across their path to trip them; rudely smitten in the face by low, dropping branches, oil heavy with dew. Now and then the Frenchman set up his un- earthly whoop, and waa answered by the voice. They soon discovered that they had passed the spot whence the cry proceeded, and must plunge into the forest to und it. On hands and knees, pricked and bruised by the denBe undergrowth, the three tore through with the desperate haste which a life in danger only can inspire. The voice led them farther, farther in, then censed abruptly, and would an- swer them no more. They held bastly counsel together. " It's a trick !" cried Captain Arden, in disgust. " A ghost ! Saints defend us !" quoth the French- man, beginning to quake. "It's Duvar, and you're letting him die!" said Sylvie, in a wild voice. They went on again a few rods, and all paused with one occord. They beard the gurgling of water. From the river's bank at Arden'e cottage, to the same bank some distance farther up the river, they had described a semi-circle, following the foot- path that professed to skirt the right bank of the river, but didn't on account of a deep morass that had to be avoided, and succeeding that, some bold cliffs that rose up in successive peaks and overhnng the river making farther straightforward progress impossible. Under these cliffs, then, the trio stopped when the gurgling of water fell on their ears. " He's drowned !" exclaimed Sylvie, and began to sob hysterically. The Frenchman ran toward a Bpot where the cur- rent, eddying shoreward, made it a likely receptacle of stranded objects, and held bis lantern under the bank. " Bravo, Monsieur le Capitaine ! Here he is !'' shouted he. x They stumbled after him, and saw Duvar lying half in the water and half out of it. The current had swirled his body round until it floated in a line with the shore, and bis fingers, deep dug into the grassy bank, anchored him firmly. Whether dead or alive his eyes were shut, and his face was gnastly white, as it lay, chin up across his arm. 