Hard Riding. A correspondent sends us the following cut- ting from an English paper. As a race against time the feat is nothing compared to Mr Osbal- diston's who backed himself to ride 200 miles in night hours, and did it within the time. But his distance was over Newmarket turf, with a racing stud to carry him, so that Mr. Hutchinson's ex- ploit, as a feat of the road rather than of the turf, can hardly be fairly contrasted with the other. "Upwards of sixty years ago the roads of Eng- land were by no means very suitable for rapid travelling over; Macadam had not then intro- duced his improvements among us ; there were no highway boards, and the turnpike-road trustees were more bent upon getting money out of the tolls than in improving the highways. But even in those days some feats on horseback were per- formed which, taken altogether, are not exceeded by anything of the kind now. For instance, on the morning of Thursday, May 6, 1819, Mr. Hutch- inson, a well-known and highly respected horse- dealer of Canterbury, undertook to ride the distance from that famous old cathedral city to London in three successive hours. The wager was a stiff one-600 guineas-but so confident was Mr. Hutchinson that he could win that he advised his friends to take whatevor odds they could obtain upon time, for there were lots of people who backed the old leveller. The start was from the Falstaff Inn, St. Dunstan's, a. celebrated sporting hostelry, at half-past 3 o'clock, and the distance to Boughton Hill, four miles and three-quarters, was done in 12min.. 45sec. ; thence to Beacon Hill, five miles and a-half, in 14min. 20sec. ; to Sittingbourne, five miles, in 12min, 40sec. ; to Moor Street, five miles, in 12min. 50sec. ; to Chatham Hill, four miles, in 10min. 30sec. ; to Day's Hill, four miles and a quarter, in 12min. 9sec. ; to Northfleet, six miles and a-half, in 17min. ; to Dartford, five miles and a-half, in 14min. 18sec. ; to Welling, five miles, in 13min. 4sec. ; to the Green Men, Blackheath, five miles, in 13min. 7sec. ; to London Bridge, five miles, in 13min. 8sec. ; the whole distance, fifty-five miles and a-half, being got over in two hours, 25min. 51sec, being more than 34min. within the alloted time. Considering all things, this was first-rate travelling. At the end of each stage Mr. Hutchinson dismounted and mounted with but little help, though he was by no means a feather weight. This part of the business must have occupied at least 5min., and then there were certain little mishaps which must be taken into account, aud which con- tribute to make the match a notablo one in sporting annals. The horse Mr. Hutchinson rode from Boughton Hill to Beacon Hill ran out of the road at Preston Lane ; that ridden from Moor Street to Chatham Hill made a bolt at Rainham, where he had been standing the previous day ; that ridden from Welling to Blackheath bolted twice in going down Shooter's Hill, and again upon Blackheath, which oc- casioned a considerable loss of time. The horses ridden upon this occasion by Mr. Hutchinson and those who accompanied him belonged to himself and his particular friends, while some of them had been selected from the stud of the Welling- ton coach. None of them, in fact, had any special preparation for the work, but they all did what they had to do capitally. Mr. Hutch- inson was warmly congratulated by his friends on reaching London Bridge upon his success ; but he did not stay long in London, for he re- turned to Canterbury by the Wellington coach and reached the old city shortly before 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Here he received a regluar [sic] ovation, afterwards dining with the respective parlies to the wager at the Rose Inn, where, we may be sure, the best of everything awaited the guests. So enthusiastic were the winners upon this occasion-whether caused by the money they had won or the goodness and potency of the solids and liquids provided is not recorded, but we may reasonably surmise that both com- bined to the one end-that a resolution was unanimously passed that the freedom of the City of Canterbury should be purchased and pre- sented to Mr. Hutchinson, in consideration, as the chronicler says, 'of the extraordinary feat he had performed with a faithfulness as honor- able to himself as it was satisfactory to every individual concerned in the match. How much the said freedom cost we are not informed, but we may be sure tho city funds were at once con- siderably enriched by the result of the wager, and that another good name and true was added to the long roll of freemen of Canterbury." Historic Slang.-How common is the expres- sion, " Oh, she is down in the dumps "-that is, out of spirits. This is a very ancient slang phrase, and ia supposed to be derived from " Dumpos, King of Egypt, who built a pyramid and died of melancholy ;" so that the thieves and gipsies are not all to blame for having given us a few expressive words ! We next come upon a word full of pathetic meaning for many of us -it is the ghost that haunts and pursues us more or less throughout the year-it is the word " dun." It is a word of consequence, for it is at once a verb and a noun, and is derived from the Saxon word "dunan," to din or clamor. It owes its immortality-so tradition says-to having been the surname of one Joe Dun, a famous bailiff of Lincoln in the reign of Henry VII, who was so active and dexterous in collecting bad debts that when anyone " became slow to pay " the neigh- bors used to say, " Dun him," that is, send Dun after him. " Draw it mild " and "come it strong " have their origin in music, being the terms used , by the leader of an orchestra when he wishes his violin-players to play loud or gently. From this they have passed into synonyms for exaggeraters and boasters, who are requested either to mode- rate their statements or to astonish their audi- ence. The word "coach" in these days is a familiar one, as parents know who have to employ tutors to assist their sons to swallow the regula- tion amount of "cram" necessary for competi- tive examination. The word is of university origin, and can boast of a logical etymology. It is a pun upon the term " getting on fast." To get on fast you must take a coach ; you cannot get on fast in learning without a private tutor ergo, a private tutor is a coach. Another familiar word in university slang is "a regular brick, that is, a jolly good fellow ; and how the simile is logically deduced ¡B amusing enough. A brick is "deep-red," so a "deep-read" man ia a brick. To read like a brick is to read until you are deep "read." A deep-read mau, is, in university phrase, " a good man ;" a good man is a "jolly fellow" with non- reading men ; ergo a jolly fellow is a " brick."-Leslie's Journal. . " Cruel, cruel man," said the civilised person, "vou eat your venerable pa." "Ungrateful being retorted the savage ; "you let the worms eat yours." 