RITUALISM. The following is the address of the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., the Chairman of the South Australian Baptist Association, delivered at the annual meeting on Tuesday, September 23: — Fellow-believers in the Lord Jesus Christ— I speak to you this evening on the subject of Ritualism. This is not the topic which in the early part of our Association year I thought of choosing to speak from on this occasion; but I have been led to fix upon it because it is a live subject of pressing and present importance. I was glad to notice in this morning's news- paper the following intimation concerning this subject: " A preliminary meeting of members of the Church of England took place at White's Arbitration Rooms on Monday evening with a view of opposing the ritualistic practices of the Church which have called forth the recent controversy. The meeting was numerously attended, and resolutions of importance were discussed and carried." I do not discourse on the subject of Ritualism because it so largely concerns and is so intimately connected with another denomination, but because its advance or retrogression is of great moment to the future religious welfare of the colony at large. Although denominations have their distinctive names, separate organizations, and varying be- liefs, we are not so separated from each other as to be disjoined from the one body which constitutes the Church of the Saviour. It is of small consequence by what denomina- tional names we are known among men so long as we are Christ's true disciples and followers. Whether we may be connected with the Church of England, with the Church of Wesley, with the Church of Rome, with the Church of the Congregationalists, with the Church of the Presbyterians, or with the Church of the Baptists, the point of vital importance is that we hold a living membership in the Church of the Saviour. All true believers in Christ in these several Churches are our fellow Church members, whether or not they assent thereto. We have, therefore, a personal interest in all true Christians found in the Church of England and in all Churches; so all true believers in that and other Churches have a personal interest in us. Moreover, the truth of God as revealed in Christ Jesus is common property; we rejoice in the triumphs of that truth wherever manifest; we grieve wherever the beauty of that truth is despoiled. Then also we do well to learn from others—to learn by their successes and from their failures. These considerations are, I think, sufficient to justify and explain my selec- tion of the subject of Ritualism as the topic for the present address. The ritualism of which I speak may be defined as the attachment of excessive importance to external religious rites in regarding them as the necessary and procurative means of imparting the gifts of salvation. We must not confound ritual with ritualism, nor suppose that ritualism in and of itself as mere externalism is neces- sarily evil. The worship of God, as enjoined through Moses, was largely ritualistic. All the rites then ordained by Jehovah bore their distinctive significance. These rites were simple in form and character. Some of them were fitted to impress the beholder with a sense of awe. They were symbolic. They were de- signed to convey instruction. They were, however, for the initial stage of religious life. With the ascension of Christ, as a law they ceased to have force; and, according to the intention of their Divine Originator, they passed away for ever. We must also bear in mind that all Churches, excepting that of the Quakers or Friends, practice certain rites in worship. I do not mean simply the two rites, Baptism and the Lord's Supper, but the rites of public prayer, of public singing, of preaching. We all, therefore, practice ritual in the sense that we observe well-defined rites. Some may be ritualistic in the further sense of regarding one or more of the rites commonly observed among us as being necessarily a pro- curative medium of some gift of salvation. By whomsoever this is done, there is the essence of Ritualism in whatever Church it be practised. It is important, therefore, to distinguish between a simple ritual and ritualism. It does not come within my purpose to-night to enter into an historical examination of Ritualism as it now obtains in the Church of England. You are well aware that whatever may have been the degree in which ritualism prevailed in that Church two or three centuries ago, its modern development dates back only some forty years ago. It was little imagined by the friends of evangelicalism that in the space of forty years it would have obtained the proportions we now witness. The real foundation for all this ritualism is to be found in the Book of Common Prayer. Thus, for example, in the Service of Baptism according to the Prayer Book, the priest, after baptism has been ad- ministered to the child, is instructed to say— " Seeing now, dearly beloved brethren, that this child is regenerate and grafted into the body of Christ's Church, let us give thanks to Almighty God for these benefits." Subsequently in a prayer addressed to God these words occur:—" We yield Thee hearty thanks, most merciful Father, that it hath pleased Thee to regenerate this infant with Thy Holy Spirit, to receive him for Thine own child by adoption, and to incorporate him into Thy Holy Church." Here we have one of the strongest roots of ritualistic development. To the exposition of this point, however, I shall have occasion to recur presently. The causes of this rapid development I shall not enquire into, but deal with the fact itself. It is difficult to estimate the proportionate numerical strength of the evangelical section of the Church of England as compared with the Ritualistic section, but we fear the former is in a decided minority. Both in this colony and wherever the worship of the Church of England is established this appears to be the startling fact. I need scarcely remark that the Roman Catholic Church is full of ritualism. Its whole system is penetrated through and through with the very essence of ritualism. It is ritualism which has made the Roman Church what it is. This is the secret of its success and failure. Let the Roman Catholic Church lose its ritualism, and what a grand future might be in store for that community. Strike out but this one idea completely from that system and you would revolutionize the whole Church. This idea is the notion that the administration of a rite is procurative of salva tion. That same idea is the key-note of the Catholic faith. Pull that away, and the whole edifice tumbles down. The Romanizing of the Episcopal Church proceeds in the direct ratio that this one idea penetrates, pervades, and dominates the Episcopalian system. You think that Pope Leo XIII is the ruler of the Roman Catholic world—he is only the agent of this all-dominant idea. It is not the infalli- bility of the Pope that is the great mischief working evil in that Church, but the real Pope, the invisible, intangible Pope of the Roman world is this one idea of the administration of the rite being necessarily the mediating cause of salvation. Let but this same idea govern the action and beliefs of the Episcopal Church, or of any other Church, and thereby that Church is effectually Romanized, though it may eschew the name and may reckon itself even evangelical. This idea has in the course of centuries become so thoroughly part and parcel of the Roman Church that we have come to be almost despairing of the reformation of that Church through the pure light of the Gospel of Christ. We shall now endeavour to trace this one idea as it finds a place in the doc trines and ordinances of Ritualistic Churches. It is noteworthy how great stress is laid by these Churches on the ordinances—that is, on what are designated the sacraments. These sacraments, both in the Roman and Episcopalian Churche,, hold a first place. This arises from the cir cumstance that it is easier to attach the salva tion-procuring idea to an action called a sacra ment than to a doctrine. This also helps to ex plain the punctilious care with which the sacra mental acts are required to be carried out. It is of much consequence to ritualism for the pro motion of its success that every possible reverence should be shown to the sacra- mental action. So far as possible, it must be set in a divine place and on a divine pedestal. In the prosecution of our search for the idea of salvation, procured by an external medium, let us first take the institution of the Church as an outward and visible organization. You know that the word Church means in the New Testament the assembly of believers who in any place, town, or country have received in faith Christ as their Saviour, and stand out from the world as a distinct society, whose supreme aim it was wholly to serve and follow Christ. Hence the believers at Antioch con- stituted the Church of Christ there; the be lievers at Ephesus constituted the Church there, and the believers at Philippi constituted the Church there. Of course these Churches formed parts of the complete Church of God, and so constituted an unit; but they retained their individual completeness, and each was complete in itself. Ritualism in contending for the one Church denies that there are individual and complete organizations. As well might it be denied that there are separate families and classes among men because the whole race of men constitute and may be spoken of as a unit. So far has this tenet been carried that the Roman Catholic denies the Church of England the right to be called a Church, and pro- nounces that Church schismatical, heretical, and dissenting, while on the other hand the latter Church protests against the orthodoxy of the Roman Church. There has been indeed sundry evidences of a little coquetting going on in recent years between these two Churches, and it may not be chimerical to dream that some day. they may celebrate a marriage under the one name — Catholic. Meantime, both these Churches insist that there is some magical virtue in being within the ring- fence of their respective organizations, so that to be within the fold of either secures salvation, and to be without the fold of either means being destitute of salvation. But I wish to give chapter and verse for my assertions. I intend, to this end to refer repeatedly to a small ex- planatory Catechism, published in London in 1876, and edited by the Rev. A. Gace, M.A. Having spoken of the Free Christian Churches, declaring them to be heretics, the question is asked—" Is their worship a laudable service?" A. "No, because they worship God according to their own evil and corrupt imagination, and not according to Hie revealed will, and therefore their worship is idolatrous." Q. 87. " ls dissent a great sin ?" A. " Yes; it is in direct opposi- tion to our duty towards God." Q.—30. "Are we then to refuse to do them any good service when they are in distress and in need of our assistance ?" A. " No, we are to do them all the good in our power, provided we do not defraud them who are of the household of faith." Q. 92\. " But do we not find among them many good men ? " A. " Many doubtless are excep- tionable characters in a moral point of view, bat they are not holy men; and herein indeed we may learn a lesson from them; for if they apparently attain such perfection, what ought we to be in all manner of godly conversation who possess all the means of grace?" Q. 98. " Is it wicked, then, to enter a meeting-house at all?" A. "Most assuredly; because it is a house where God is worshipped otherwise than he has commanded; besides this, we run the risk of being led away by wicked enticing words." Q. 99. " But is such language as this consistent with charity?" A. "Quite so; for when there is danger of the true worshippers of God falling into error we cannot speak too strongly of their perilous state; at the same time it is our duty to declare in express terms to those who are without that they are living separate from Christ's body, and conse- quently out of the pale of salvation, so far at least as God has thought fit to reveal." Clearly, therefore, according to this teaching, identification with the Episcopalian Church secures salvation. There is some supposed mystic virtue in mere external union with the visible Church, which is entirely lost in the absence of that connection. With such notions as these taught and proclaimed, it becomes the urgent duty of the followers of the Lord Jesus by deed and word to set forth before men the New Testament idea of a Church as an assembly of those who through a personal faith in the Son of God have become the recipients of His grace and salvation. Some time ago the head of the Episcopalian Church of this colony gave in his annual address an eracular utterance on the subject of apostolical succession. This dogma is an essential pillar of the Episcopalian system. It is amazing to ordinary minds how intelligent people who think for themselves can be con vinced by such illogical reasoning as is adduced, in order to make good this tenet. Mr. Gace's explanatory Catechism asserts that the Church of England is governed by three orders of clergy, bishops, priests, and deacons, who can trace back their line in an unbroken chain to the days of the Apostles, and she is, there fore, in possession of what is called the apos- tolical succession, without which the Church cannot have existence. The Rev. S. Green is reported to have said at St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, on August 24 last, that " if the Church of England is not in the apostolical succession she is the greatest sham on God's earth. She has neither bishops, priests, nor deacons; her children are not baptized, nor are her members confirmed, as they think they have been." What do Dr. Short and the Rev. S. Green regard as apostolical succession? Mr. Green answers that they had an unbroken series of links which united the clergy of the present day with the Apostles. He adds that the succession of the present Archbishop of Canterbury could be traced up to the Apostles' times, and that without one link being missing. No one has proved this yet. Were it capable of proof the line of connection must run through the Roman Catholic Church. The point, however, I am desirous of emphasizing is that the whole theory is based on the wrong idea. The kingdom of Christ is not established upon a physical but on a spiritual basis. The kingdom of Christ is not in external isms, but is of the soul and spirit. If a thousand bishops laid their hands on the head of a man that would not convey one particle of the Holy Spirit's power. The fact is there are no literal successors of the Apostles. Not even in the age next to the Apostles were there any men who claimed to be apostles. There is no evidence that after the death of the Apostles any men were en- dowed with either the gift of inspiration or the power to work miracles. It was only in subse- quent centuries, when ecclesiasticism in its hierarchical pretentiousness began to assert itself, that any one thought of attaching value to any traditional connection with the Apostles. Apostolical succession is good if it be meant by it that the ministers of Christ should be ani mated by the same zeal, faith, love to Christ, and compassion for souls which animated and filled the Apostles. Whoever the man that has this spirit of the Apostles is in the true apostolical succession. No other man lacking this spirit can be, however, and by whomsoever he may have been ordained. Mr. Green, referring to other Churches, says they do not regard it as necessary that their ministers should have an apostolic succession. Certainly not of any fleshly sort, but we do regard it as very necessary that men should possess the grace and spirit of apostolic succes- sion—not by any mere external succession. The one is no guarantee of the other. On the ground of the Episcopalian Church having the supposed external physical succession, Mr. Green contends "that a Churchman dare not leave his own Church." What does all this amount to, but that by an external action—in this case the placing by one man of his hands or hand on the head of another man, and accompanying that act with certain religions formularies—it is assumed that the "salvation procuring and be stowing power is communicated to the recipient. Thereby the presumption is that he is in vested with all the powers and func- tions of a priest, which powers and functions he cannot without this hand-laying by any possibility obtain. It is the veriest assumption that there is any spiritual power communicated by the imposition of hands; yet this crude and most unscriptural assumption is tbe very corner-stone of the Episcopalian and Roman systems. It is so crude a theory that but for the many adhering to it we should not judge it worth a moment's serious thought or refutation. It follows from this dogma of external apostolical succession that the ministers of our Christian Churches are by Episcopalians and Romanists denied the right and name of true ministers of our Lord Jesus Christ. The Rev. S. Green lately put it thus : —"Such ministers are officials of a private Society, but we cannot regard them as built on the foundations of the Prophets —as part of the temple built to the Lord." Hence, too, they speak of our Churches not as Churches —that is too honourable a name—but as " private Societies," resembling Building Societies, Odd fellows' Societies, and the like. Moreover, according to them the ordinances as observed among us are not proper ordinances at all, and the worship offered to God each Lord's Day in our sanctuaries is not held to be worthy the name of worship, and cannot be acceptable worship to God, all because of the logical inferences flowing from the delusion of a fleshly apostolical succession. This is a free country. We accord to our neighbours the fullest scope for the holding and propagating of their beliefs—beliefs that we regard as antago nistic to the pure faith as it is in Jesus; but I feel that it is both our duty to proclaim the fun damental and positive truth of Christ's revelation as to the way of salvation, and as to Church life; but our obligation does not end there, it is farther incumbent on us to do our utmost to resist the advance of such beliefs as sap the very foundations of a life of faith in the Son of God. Let us now return to the work of tracking out the salvation-procuring idea in its penetrative course among the ordinances of ritualistic systems. This idea constitutes the bone, flesh, muscle, and spirit of the ritualistic conception of baptism. 'The New Testament idea, that it is an ordinance wherein we follow our Lord's personal example, counts for nothing; the require- ment of faith in the subject to be baptized is ignored; the witness of baptism to our having come out from the world, henceforth to walk in the newness of life, is set aside. What is given us in its place ? I shall at some length allow the Rev. F. A. Gace to give his explanations. Q. 7- He asks," Why do you call the name given in baptism your Christian name ?" A.- " Because it was given to me when I was made a Christian; my surname I received from my earthly parents, being my name in my natural state; my Christian name from the Church on becoming spiritually the child of God ?" Q. " When were you made a Christian ?" A. " When I was baptized." Q. " Can any one become a Christian without baptism ?" A. " No." Q. 10. " In what light must we view those who have never been baptized ?" A. " As the heathen, whether they be old or young, notwithstanding they may be in the habit of attending divine worship." Q. "What is baptism ?" A. " Being born again of water and the spirit." Q. 14. " What spirit are you born of ?" A. a The Holy Spirit of God." Q. 16. "What are those persons said to be who have rightly received baptism ?" A. " They are said to be born again, or to be regenerate. Q. 17. " In this our second birth who is our father and our mother ?" A. " God is our Father and the Church our mother." Q. 18. "How does God become our Father ?" A. " Because in baptism we are made members of Christ, and therefore children of God." Q. 19. "What other privilege attaches to baptism?" A. "We became inheritors of the Kingdom of Heaven." Q. 20. " What do you mean by the word member ?" A. " I mean being a part of any body, as the arm or leg is part of our natural body." Q. 21. How do you become a member of Christ in baptism?" A.: " By becoming a member of his Church, which is that mystical body of which Christ is the head." Q. 23. "Why is the Church our mother?" A. "Because we are born in her." Q. 24. " How do you become a child of God." A. " By becoming a member of Christ." 'You see how the changes are rung upon these words, church, baptism, regeneration, member of Christ, child of God. Now this salvation-procuring idea of baptism is preached and taught to one- third, perhaps nearly one- half, of the people of South Australia. Taught in Sunday-school class, enforced in the preparatory teaching preceding confirmation, insisted on in the administration of baptism, inculcated in the pulpit; who can adequately estimate the spiritual mischief wrought by this doctrine on the best and highest interests of the people of this country ? You know that to accept this doctrine as standing at the very threshold of all other doctrines of the ritualistic systems most necessarily and fatally imperil the other doctrines affecting the Christian life. The history of the Christian Churches during these eighteen centuries abundantly proves that wherever and whenever the pure doctrine of baptism has been perverted it has given rise to most serious evils, which have sadly weakened the life and lessened the spiritual power of the Church of Cod. So long as this grave error prevails extensively in this land, so long does the duty rest imperatively on us to labour earnestly for the extirpation of the error, and zealously to uphold the simple beauty of the ordinance as Christ has left it to us. This ritualistic conception of baptism is not, how ever, confined to the Episcopalian and Roman Churches; but it may—and we fear it does— in its essential character obtain in churches that practise the immersion of the sub ject professing faith in the Saviour. In the September number of a periodical pub lished in this colony, and representing one of the denominations here, in a quotation referred to with approval, the author speaks of the second birth as a " birth from the water," and that we enter upon the life of God in our souls at this second birth. I am told, indeed, that the logical inference deducible from this language is not supported by the other writings of the author quoted. This theory requires the belief, not, as Mr. Gace teaches, that the Episcopal Church is " the mother of the new born babe Christian," but that the water used in the act of immersion is " the mother." It is just as needful to protest against this theory of the ordinance of baptism being procurative of salvation as the theory which associates the action and virtue of baptism with the uncon scious infant. It is quite possible for other than Baptist Churches to lift up their testimony against this perilous error of baptismal salva tion; but we feel that non- Baptist Churches are heavily weighted in giving that protest by reason of their own unscriptural notions of infant baptism. Somehow or other every Church practising infant baptism finds it ex ceeding difficult, however much it wishes to do so, to steer clear of the quicksand of baptismal salvation. As a matter of fact we believe that to a much larger extent than is supposed some modification of the full-blown theory of bap tismal regeneration is held by the bulk of those who accept or practise infant baptism. The Baptists do not exist mainly to defend and up hold what we deem the only Christ-honouring doctrine of baptism; but this furnishes one ground for our standing out distinct from other Churches. It is not in the spirit of opposition, but from deep and strong conviction that all theories of the ordinance which depart from the truth concerning baptism as Christ by His example and precept has taught us, work disastrous mischiefs among men, that we are con strained to hold and practise the one baptism divinely established and left to us for our accep tance and obedience. We must defend the divine law relating to it; this often necessi tates our exposing the errors clinging thereto. Often in the opinion of superficial observers it is imagined that we exist as a denomination simply because of our beliefs touching baptism, but this is a great mistake. We value all the truths of the gospel of salvation, and seek to preach and embody them in our lives. Whatever prominence baptism may seem to have among us arises from the prevalence around us of what we regard as serious error. If no such errors had become associated with the ordinance, as Christians it would still be our duty and pri vilege to proclaim and practise the truth con cerning it as we now do. As matters now are we must contend earnestly for the faith once delivered to the saints. We shall now turn to the ordinance of the Lord's Supper. I hope that to-morrow evening we shall evince by tbe faith and love with which we shall observe this memorial supper how simple and beautiful is this ordinance which our Lord bade us keep in memory of Him. If a stranger could witness our observance thereof and then witness the same ordinance as kept under the name of the mass by the Romanist or as the Eucharist by the Ritualist he would scarcely imagine them to have the same origin with the words of Christ. If, moreover, he were carefully to analyze the doctrinal expositions of the rite as set forth by us and by the Romanist and Ritualist he would be confused with the statement that the expositions were based in both instances on the teachings of our Lord. In setting forth what is the Ritualistic idea of this ordinance I shall at some length quote from the noted author—the Rev. Orby Shipley. In his tract on the Real Presence he says that "The Holy Eucharist"— meaning of course the Lord's Supper—" not only unites us to the body of Christ, but makes us actual partakers of that body. Baptism"—I am quoting his own words—" is the sacrament of the new life, giving spiritual life to dead souls. The Eucharist is the sacrament of im mortality, imparting to soul and body, the quickening flesh of him who is the life itself. In a word, Baptism joins us to Christ, the Eucharist joins Christ to us by an intimate union—a union so intimate that some of the ancients compare it to the amalgamation of two substances fused together." In another place Mr. Shipley adds :—" It has been said that Christ incarnates himself in each worthy communicant because he unites his sacred flesh to ours, and in a real and true sense makes himself one of us. Lest this should be thought to indicate only a subjective union consequent on the ardent faith and devotion of the receiver, there is an antecedent union altogether external to the communicant himself, upon which the other is dependent, for in order to this union of the flesh of Christ within us he first incarnates himself in the hands of the priest—i.e., at the moment of consecration Christ unites himself, body, soul, and divinity, in an ineffable manner to the elements of bread and wine, and so near does this approach to the union of the divine and human in the incarnation that Bishop Andrewes calls it a kind of hypostatical union of the sign and the thing signified so united together as are the two natures of Christ." What part the priest plays in this transaction Mr. Shipley does not hesitate to affirm with not a little eloquence of language. Speaking of Christ, he says—" The Lord called the universe into existence ; a simple act of volition" converted the water iuto wine, and the same power can turn wine into His own blood to fulfil the purpose of His love in the blessed sacrament. If He called the elements His body it was no vain name, but a name of truth and reality. His almighty power made them what He called them. He is the real consecrator still. The priest His repre- sentative, speaks and acts not in His name only but in His person. We are ambassadors for Christ. The words and acts of consecration are His, though spoken and done by an earthly priest. What is done in the Eucharist is but an imitation and renewal of what He did. He still takes the bread and wine in his sacred and venerable bands, blesses and breaks and says:— 'This is my body, and this is my blood.' These are words of power, and at their utterance the Holy Ghost, who consecrates all things in the Church, makes Christ present, and in a supernatural and incomprehensible manner forms a conjunction between His sacred person and the elements of bread and wine, as at the incarnation He formed in the Virgin's womb the hypostatical union between the eternal Word and man's nature." I will add one more extract on this important subject. The Lord's Supper is repre- sented as the " unbloody sacrifice," and concern- ing it Mr. Shipley asserts that the value of the Eucharistic sacrifice depends upon the real presence which connects it with the one sacrifice of the Redeemer. Christ is truly, really, and substantially present under the form of bread and wine, and we offer not these visible productions of the earth, but Him as our propitiation before God. Thus does the Real Presence connect our offerings with that sacrifice which Christ made himself upon the Cross once for all, and which as our Priest and Mediator he continues in heaven. The offerings are identical, or rather there is but one offering of Christ upon the Cross in heaven, and in the Church on earth; it is one and the same offering presented in different ways; the sacrifice upon the Cross is neither repeated nor renewed; for in that He died for sin He died once for all. But the V ictim is carried into the presence of God in heaven, where He continues the same offering as the Lamb that had been slain, and the same Victim gives Himself to be present in the holy eucharist, and to be offered under the form of bread and wine." There is no need that I should critically examine these assertions, as they are sufficiently explicit in setting forth the one idea which I am desirous you should clearly see to be running through the whole system—that of an external deed actually effectuating the com- munication of life and salvation. Mr. Orby Shipley's representation of the Lord's Supper differs but slightly from that given by Romanists of the Roman mass. All real objective-presence notions associated with the breaking of the bread and drinking of the wine involve this dangerous tenet of salvation received through the partici- pation of the elemental media. Now, you be- lieve, and believe without the shadow of a misgiving, that we have the right concep- tion of the Lord's Supper, and that we carry out this belief into practice. Ought we to be satisfied with this ? Shall we say if others are wrong—it is their fault—it is no business of ours—let them get out of their mistakes them- selves — we need not trouble about them. Observe, this is not a harmless matter, as indeed nothing affecting the ordinance and truth Christ has left us is unimportant. If our view of the ordinance be right; and if the ordinance is to serve the object our Lord intended, it follows that the ritualistic notion is not only wrong, being diametrically opposed to the view we hold, but the inculcation of this ritualistic notion cannot but be fraught with great spiritual evils. These considerations call upon us to live to purpose and not merely to live for our own spiritual enjoyment, but to benefit others in trying to per- suade them of the truth and of the beauty of the truth at it is in Jesus. If time permitted and it were needful we might track out the working of this same salvation- procuring idea as involved in some mechanical action in other parts of the ritualistic system. For example, it gives to the Confessional its tremendous power. We shrink from that insti- tution not simply on the ground that it makes the ear and mind of the priest the receptacle of the full tale of man's and woman's wickedness, nor simply that it makes the priest to inject into the mind by his insinuating questions the worst forms of sin, but that it is assumed that the priest is virtually possessed of the Divine pre- rogative of forgiveness. His word accords the forgiveness; his refusal withholds it. That is a prerogative God entrusts to no mortal man. The evangelical section of the Episcopalian Church are hampered in their dealing with this matter, and for this reason—that they appeal to the Prayer-book as their authority. Now, the Prayer-book is a compromise between out-and- out Evangelicalism and the Roman Church. It bears almost in every part of it more or less dis- tinct marks of the Egyptian bondage, whence it came. We believe it is this circumstance which has in the last forty years so greatly marred and weakened the testimony of good Christian men in the Church of England who have wished to be loyal to the full gospel of truth. Nothing has been more conspicuous in the constant disputes which have been maintained during these forty years than the successful manner in which on so many points the Ritualists in appealing to the existing and to former Prayer books have logically shattered the arguments of their opponents. Had Episcopalian evangelicals appealed to Scripture alone, without attempting to defend their beliefs by the Prayer- book, they would have occupied a far different position in the world to-day. The Ritualists can plead effectually that in the service appointed in the Prayer-book for the visitation of the sick the power to grant the absolution is under certain conditions plainly accorded to the priest. Many godly evangelical clergymen bave held this instruction of the Prayer-hook to be merely declarative, as we hold it was in the case of the disciples and Peter, to whom our Lord uttered these words concerning absolution. The Roman Church claims, as yon know, the full power to forgive sins through its priests. Just as Ritualism develops in the Episcopalian Church or in any Church, so this power is claimed with increasing boldness. We doubt not if the English people were deemed ripe enough to admit of the full-blown confessional being thrust upon them, it would be speedily advanced with the same rigorous demands which obtain in the Roman Church. Indeed, the Roman Church is quite logical in its pre- tensions and assumptions respecting this if you once accord to her the prior claims she presents. As to what may be looked for in the future of this colony may be inferred from a report of a recent sermon by the Rev. W. B. Stanford, the new Head Master of St. Peter's College. The published report of this sermon, furnished by one present, states that Mr. Stanford, in re- ferring to the words of absolution in the Prayer book, asserted that " it was not the mere utter- ance by a man of the words of absolution that absolved a person from his sins, but it was the fact that when a priest pronounced the words it was God himself who spoke, he having for that purpose created the priestly office, by the act of Jesus Christ, as the medium through which he would so speak." What could the staunchest Roman Catholic say more ? Thus we have another evidence how the outward external action of a man named a priest is deliberately declared to be the medium of conveying the priceless blessing of the forgive- ness of sins. We attach but comparatively small importance to various other traits of ritualism, such as bowing the head at certain times and under certain conditions, nor to the turning of the face to the east at given times, nor to genuflexions, nor to the elevation of the bread element in the Lord's Supper, nor to the particular kind of millinery which is preferred to be worn, nor to the number of candles that may be alight on what they term the altar. These things all have their place in this skil- fully artistic and complete system of ceremo- nious religion, so that each apparently unim- portant detail derives an importance from its place in fitting into the whole. They are in- tended to be symbolical of certain doctrines. We must not in condemning these more trivial matters lose sight of the great fundamental doctrines of the Gospel which are assailed by ritualism, and which, in the proportion that ritualism triumphs, are virtually dethroned from their regal place in guiding and sup- porting the Christian life. In what has been advanced it will no doubt have struck you how completely the ritualist priest is the central figure in every doctrine and ordi- nance of the system. This is not of accident. Viewed from the human standpoint, the priest is both the foundation and pillar of the edifice— the keystone of the arch. The Church as a body of believers is nowhere except as a body of people to be operated on. The priest is every where as the great operator. This is in exact accordance with the manifest intentions of the founders of the Anglican Church. Thus, in the ordination service, which is the groundwork of the whole Anglican system, the Bishop, putting himself as it were in the place of Christ, and claiming as it would seem the divine preroga- tive, says in laying his hands on the head of the kneeling candidate for priestly position—"Re- ceive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the Church, now committed to thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven; and whose sins thou dost retain they are re- tained." In entire conformity with this the same priest is subsequently directed, in visiting the sick penitent whose confession has been duly made, to say—" By the authority of the Lord Jesus Christ committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost." That the words of our Lord concerning the forgiveness and retention of sins do not mean what the Ritualists, both Anglican and Roman, assume they mean, is obviously manifest from the history and writings of the Apostles to whom these words were primarily addressed. There is not so much as a single hint either that they imagined this language of Christ conferred on them the authority which Ritualists find in the words, or that they ever attempted to put these solemn words to any such use. The Apostles were empowered authoritatively to de- clare the terms upon which the divine forgive- ness would be vouchsafed or withheld, but of themselves they never dared to assume the prerogative of forgiving sins. Upon the powers assumed to be conferred, upon the priest, and upon the official status given him in and by the ordination ceremony the whole superstructure of ritualism is virtually reared. Upon this basis rise quite naturally the tenets of ritualistic baptism, confession, absolution, and the sacramental real presence. So also the greatest stress is laid upon the title, priest, and this notwithstanding that Peter has so distinctly declared that the only priesthood which he recog- nised was that spiritual priesthood common to all believers who constitute "a holy priesthood, who are to offer up the spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God by Jesus Christ." This royal priesthood is the common heritage of each bona fide Chris- tian, and is in no respect peculiar to a class of men upon whose heads a titled officer has imposed his hands. By the most positive voice of inspi- ration believers are solemnly declared to be "kings and priests unto God." Hence we are all responsible in our degree for carrying forward the ministration of Christ's truth in the world. We are each and all to minister at the spiritual altar of revealed truth. I shall have missed my object if I leave you with the impression that ritualism is a system easily rebutted and of superficial consequence. There is a long and hard battle to be fought with ritualism in this land. This arises from the fact that it strongly appeals to some fundamental inclinations and dispositions of human nature. Moreover, it must not be forgotten that ritualism itself involves a great principle; the particular forms it takes on to-day may be changed to-morrow. Its outward phases may vary in different Churches, but the principle remains. What is this principle? The presentation to the human heart of something external and tangible, and claiming religious authority, upon which reliance may be placed for salvation. Whatever religious system can do this with a fair degree of plausibility has a powerful lever to work for the attainment of a certain kind of success. This is what ritualism sets itself to do; hence its power is not to be despised. We are sometimes astonished that men of learning and ability apparently surrender themselves body, soul, and spirit to the attractions of ritualism. It becomes our duty to enquire carefully into the causes of such fervent adherence to the cause of ritualism which we are constantly witnessing, and which give it so much honour and éclat in the eyes of men. It is wise to learn from our opponents. Permit me to furnish you with a few statements of Dr. Littledale—an eminent Ritualist of London, who has done not a little to help forward the cause of ritualism. In a letter in the Spectator of May 31,1879, Dr. Littledale writes on what is called "The Catholic Revival."—that it is marked by these characteristics: devotion, realization of the supernatural, and self-forget- fulness— as to all of which Protestantism is markedly deficient. As to devotion, he points out that one very marked feature of the ritualistic movement has been the revival of old and forgotten books of devotion, the adaptation of some of the best Roman books, and the pro- duction of new ones in great variety and almost countless numbers. Supernaturalism, he as- serts, is specially identified with the two sacraments of baptism and the Eucharist. Then, as to the flexibility of ritualism, Mr. Little- dale remarks that its guilds, confraternities', bare and sternly simple mission services, united with great stateliness on other occasions, all make for freedom and variety. Ritualism is, we can clearly see, a great movement. It is a mistake to imagine that it is mainly a question of milli- nery, or of music, or of a particular style of ceremony. It has sprung from a principle. We believe this principle a wrong one. The whole genius of the Gospel, as we under- stand it, is entirely against men putting the least reliance for salvation upon any ceremonious acts or upon any class of persons coming be- tween them and God. I think we do well to learn adequately to appreciate the zeal, self-denial, the thorough belief which characterizes many ritualists. These seem to be the elements which in their full degree the Christian Churches are sadly lacking at the present time. Our posses- sion of the pure truth of Jesus should inspire us with zeal worthy of the truthfulness. Our devo- tion does not require for (these?) nourishment ritualistic appointments to sustain its life. Our Christian Churches ought to possess as much flexibility as the most fervid ritualist could desire; above all we have the Holy Spirit as the great and gracious In- spirer of our individual hearts and of all our Churches. Let as then brace ourselves up to loyalty to Christ's truth, to fresh service, and consecration to the Master's cause. There is much need for this. I trust that our present consideration of this theme may contribute towards giving us each a new inspiration to live and speak for Christ. 