TOPICS. WE understand it is highly probable that Mr. Matthew Burnett will shortly vLsit South Australia, under the auspices of the Wesleyan Church and the Temperance Cause. His success in Melbourne is said to be yery great. The Southern, Cross reports that a testimonial is being securing on his behalf in the following terms:—"A movement is on foot for presenting Mr. Matthew Burnett with some public recognition of his zeal and success as a temperance advocate and social reformer, and we heartily wish this movement success. Not a few Christian people look with a certain degree of doubt on some of Mr. Burnett's methods; and a still larger number have grave, though unexpressed suspicions as to the real extent, and the permanency of his work. No one, however, can refuse a tribute of generous admiration to many of the personal qualities Mr. Burnett has displayed duiing hia long and laborious career in Victoria. Courage, faith, self-sacrifice, Christian devotedness, philanthrophic ardour; these afe qualities which have a resistless title to our respect. And to these Mr. Burnett has added qualities all his own; organising skill, practical shrewdness, knowledge of human nature, and an almost abnormal capacity and appetite for sustained labour. O ver all Mr. Burnett's gifts, too, has been extended the steadying power, the inspiring impulse of a single and lofty purpose. He is emphatically a man of one idea j but that idea is the noblest that ever kindled a human brain, or fired a human heart—to save men, to serve Christ's Gospel, to make drunkards sober, and fallen women pure. No one will claim for Mr. Burnett great gifts of intellect or moving powers of oratory j the lesson of his career is rather how much is possible to ordinary gifts when united to burning Christian zeal and Christian courage—precisely the qualities which, by the indwelling and grace of the Holy Ghost we may 11 command ? The example Mr. Burett presents of great results achieved by a man of ordinary natural gifts, is, in truth, his best legacy to the Churches of the colony, It teaches afresh the efficiency of purely moral qualities, and may well spur into effort many who j are kept from undertaking the task which lies before them by a cowardly self mistrust which is, in fact, but a subtler form of mistrust towards God." 