THE MAGIC LANTERN TO THE EDITOR THE ARGUS Sir,-I must claim the privilege of briefly endorsing the opinion expressed by Dr R. Williams in his letter, which, together with the communication that evoked it, I have only just seen. The idea put forth by "A Lover of Science' was started a short time since in the English papers, and, exciting considerable interest among many " lovers oí science, ' elicited some little consideration from scientists at home. Some of the de- votees of empiricism, and some who loved to revel in the holds of supposition, suggested a variety of means by which the desiderated result might be attained; amongst others, equally absurd, was a peculiar adaptation of spherical aberration ! I had the honour of conversing with several practical scien- tific experimentists, and can assure your former correspondent that they one and all coincided with me in regard- ing the production of stereoscopic images on the screen as in the nature of things, utterly impossible, and one whoso imprac- ticability may be safely asserted on a priori grounds. The most exhaustive consideration of the whole subject with which I am ac- quainted is to be found in a recently published appendix to Dr Schellen's Die Spectral analyse. I may add that when I left England a few montha since, Professor Davis, of Derby, was preparing a treatise on light, wherein he purposed detailing a series of experiments conducted by himself and others in the direction of luminous refraction; and in that work will be found, I have no doubt, much that is pertinent to the question agi- tated by "A Lover of Science -I am, &c.;, W. W. CLARKE, M D , B Sc. Fitzroy, Sept. 3 TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS Sir,-In travelling between Sandhurst and Melbourne per rail I frequently notice, when in the neighbourhood of Lancefield, and when both windows of the carriage are closed, that spectre trees appear on the west side of the road. These trees are the reflec- tion of those growing on the east side, but are not shadows of them, but appear to stand off in just the same manner as desired by your correspondent in his first letter. Travelling in the same carriage with Mr. and Mrs. Case (of Mask and Face notoriety), I pointed out the illusion to them, and Mr. Case was very much surprised at it. Now, I cannot account for it except in this way, that at that time of day, say about 3 o'clock, the sun is in such a position as to reflect the trees through the two windows of the rail way carriage, which are of plate-glass, about 6ft. apart; be it, however, as it may, the trees stand off, and are as much a delusion as Pepper's ghost used to be, - Yours, &c.;, Sandhurst, Sept. 5 . J. H. 