PEACE WITH GOD. July 6oh—Afternoon. Golden Text, Yer. 1.—Reading, Rom. v. In this lesson we have not a single isolated blessing, but a casket of divine treasures. Where sin abounded, grace much more abounds. Note the expression, "and not only so" (ver. 3,11), which indicates that, though many gifts have been bestowed on those that love Christ, there is still " more to fellow." I. The Joys of Believers. 1\. Peace with God.-The divine displeasure occasioned by our sins being removed by the death of Christ (ver. 10), through faith m Him we have conscious reconciliation and peace with God. I\ot obtained by any merit or works of ours, it is through our Lord Jesus Christ. We are no longer foes, but friends. Comp. Jas. ii. 23. 2\. Access to God. Ancient monarclis could only be approached by those whom they regarded with favour (see Estli. iv. 11). Christ gives us continual access to the presence of God. We can tell Hun our griefs, fears, troubles, assured that He will listen and extend to us His sympathy and help. Have we such a friend, and yet do we make little vise of Him ? , , 3\. Future Glory. Now in hope, one day it shall be in possession. Peace with God and access to Him are earnests and foretastes of the coming inheritance. The result of this is— . 4\. Strength in Tribulation. To the Christian " experience worketh hope," to the sinner it most frequently works despair. Illustrations: Saul, lang of Israel, Hainan, &c.; The conscious, enjoyment of Christ's love can make water wine. Comp. Rom. viii. 28. 5\. Indwelling of the Holy Ghost. The gift of the Spirit, to abide in us and with us, is the great promise of Christ (John xiv. 16, 17). " The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that wo are the children of God".(Rom. viii. 16.) What does He testify of those who believe not i See John iii. 30. II. Their Spring and Source. This is the love of God as displayed in the deatli and sacrifice of Christ. It is free and unsolicited on our part. It embraced us while we were yet "sinners" and "enemies." One might die for a rio-hteous (just) man, or a good (benevolent) man, like the Samaritan (Luke x. 33-37; but it was not thus God manifested Ilis love to our race. The word "commended" (ver. 8) means to setoff to advantage by contrast, as the bright figures in a picture appe more conspicuous, the darker the background of tbe scene. " God only knows the love of God." A famous preacher once remarked, if he were to preach on John iii. 10, " For God so loved tbe world," he feared he could only repeat " so loved, so loved ;" he could not tell its length and depth and height. Note, atonement, in ver. 11, has itsold English meaning at onement, i.e., reconciliation ; it describes not the propitiatory offering of Christ by which peace was bought, but the result, the peace itself. III.—Ruin and Redemption. 1\. All fell iu Adam, all may be saved by Christ. " By one man sin entered into the world, and death bv sin" (ver. 12). Death cuts down the infant of days and the grey-haired patriarch. What an influence one man may exert for good or evil! Christ by His love and sacrifice " throws wide the gates celestial to his foes. 2\. The blessing far exceeds the evils of tbe curse. 1\. The condemnation was for one offence ; the justification is from many. (ver. 10.) 2\. Christ not only frees us from guilt, but introduces us to a state of eternal blessedness, (ver. 17). The reign of grace will ultimately overcome the reign of sin. This may be seen now in the hearts and lives of individuals, it will yet be made manifest on the broader field of nations and kingdoms. " Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir tree," &c.; (Isa. lv. 13). 1\. Sin is war with God. Persisted in, it can only end disastrously to the 6inner. Illustrations: Cain, Belshazzar, Judas, &c.; 2\. Peace may be had as God's free gift. Golden text. Christ has bought it with His blood, and we have only to believe in Him to be justified and saved. 3\. The blessings of redemption are inseparably connected. If we have peace, we shall have much more,—strength, perseverance, holiness, heaven. 