? SKETCHES IN THE glMAT.AYA. ' IT is commonly underetood that there is a considerable mortality among the children of the - white population of India; ; but of late years this evil has been greatly reduced by. the: •featsMiEhment ""of • Sanatoria *iali^-" ''Chil-; dren's Homes," in. the- Himalaya Mountains;. Tp.theformerxegularly,resort,; at the commencement of the hot season; whenthe plains are x no longer enjoyable, those who can command the means of a residence in liEat "vasir mountain-chain famiharly- called- "ithe -HIHsi"- , n r here civil and- military; BtationB ,jira..'n.ow numerous,! and life is spent in a temporary round of; amuBements, -unknown : tb the 'people of England; • 'Access to -these"sublime and. beautiful; regions is easy; aiid between *he mountamtops F and tbe pictureBque valleys, perpetual Bummer may be .found.' 'These mountain-; homes of our countrymen are not. -only ; thoroughly ' enjoyable to the lovers of Nature's beauties, but they also enable ; them to reproduce the domestic life of : the mother country' with all its homely joye 3 and in so •genial-a dime, a aound mind in a healthy-body finds abundant opportunities: of following the ^inrsuitB of science and of literature 1 in.comparatively fresh fielda.: Leaving ;T3mballa: early one jnoraing at the oommbnoement of»the iot: season, we rode across country to Lalroo, a small village, where we changed'ioraes.; Thence: we canterednine'-miles- through a nob: country, i diver8ifi6d 'by mahy pleasmg bitB of 'scenery, j to the d&k-; oi itaging bungalow of rBueei;,: ; where we- Bgain-'monnted iresh iiorees, and galloped forward' to the: village of Jfunu-. majra, at -thb rentranDe to 4he~ pass ol the Sewalio or "outer -Himalayan- :range, which towards its' -eastern extremity; presents a sharply serrated outline, with an average beigbt of about thirteen hundred feet. Next -morning "we -passed"through this range—a* distance of several miles—by tortuous water-courses and fragmentary loads, and' entereS the Talley of fiujore, near the -village ofwhich are the splended terraced ^ardeiiB; of the -M&haraj; ah of Putteala. a'ljhieaam' of the I'Ois- Sutlej States; whose ntaBwemng fidelity'to :the British Go;: vemment during our-wars with ins- country men - the Sikhs-. has- been rewarded with: extensive additions to lus 'territorial 'POBSBBsions. Here areinnnmerahle'foupfcai^ flcial casoaides, sparkling. with the pure waters: of the mountain-streams whieh'feed them; yets-d'eau shoot aloft and adown the marble '-pahals ; whilst elegant 'pavilions" of the Same material • afford; the "most charming Tetreats, where,lulled by the murmurs around; in an-atmosphere filled, with the perfume of the rose, jasmine," bleander^ -and -'orangej the? oriental 6ybarite, -with llis }l00l^all , and pomegranate sherbet, may conjure up waking dreams such' as mayhkyeiriBpired the " Asa' 1 b iani? igh ts.''" wepn fron tin g-tho traveller rise the bold bln£Es ? of:the outer range of the Himalaya proper, to 'an elevation of about seven, thousand feet i .'and:putting-spurs io, , our horses, a five-Toile-ride along an-excellent road brought: us -to the small village.and English hotel of -Kalka,; at the base of tho moun^mbnwHch standsthe miUtaryBtation of Kusaowlie. The aseent-ie hy a eteep and tortuous road about eight -miles long. : ' : As we continue to ascend; 1 the Sewalic range no longer obstrncts the view of the plains- beyond,- , and in ' the far distance may be seen the winding Sutlej; pursuing its way. like a- silvery python along the .boundary of the Punjab. A sudden turn of the road carries UB to -the-northern side of the mountain, and the. station of KUBsowlie breaks at once on theTiew; first the parade-ground; about an acre in extent-,, around which are the low; flat-roofed barracks; and gradually the various bungalows of: the residents; perched here and there upon every available -scarped spur or ledge ot rock; and surrounded by dark firtrees (Pinus lonflifoZto.) and various ;shrubs, of which more presently. A stranger arriving during the dry season would not be aware of the splendid, panorama,-which a dusky haze obscures; but. after .a day's rain the magnificent scene is- revealed in all its wondrous.-features. This station, one of the earlier- established ,:sanatoria, \- is. named., after the small hamlet ot Kussowlie, which is situated in a valley below. . From., the loads which .wind along the spurs of the mountain, the.view looking north embraces seven distinct ranges;includingtheSublime' Snowy Binge, - whose . sharply serrated peaks TIBB to an altitude nearly,twice that of Mont Blanc. In the middle distance lie the military stations of" Subathoo, DugBhai (and-the Lawrence Asylum); while farther; off may be distinctly seen the deodar (Himalayan cedar, ofteni a hundred feet high) crowned heights of Simla. ...,«-.. .:. Erom about the 1st of May until:the;.iains commence on thelfith or 16th.;ofJune, the aspect of these -anountains is. barren- and: parehed.remindmg.oEeofsheetBOf'Otunipled brown paper j -the. iohage of . .the fir-trees is •reduced to Bcantyittown'tults^ :ihe lnoessant: hum of insect- life - becomes tiresome; "while occasionally the sua breaks forth with great; fervour through the:reddish- haze. At night, thousands of fire-ffiescover the stations as it were, with^tittaring: sparks, sand- not anfrequently one may, hear the: distant rumbling of thunder.' But in the valleys the aspect iof Nature, -even at this season; is vety different. Here, instead of fir-trees and. the wild pear, we find magnificent walnut and&pricottrees; and wherever, a .spring-of-water gushes Itom, the cleft rook, one. is generally sure to find, the-delicate Himalayan primrose, the dark-: scented and pale,violet, strawberries, and.,af certain periods of theyear, yellow and white jessamine, St., Jobn'.s,'wort, wild-roses,-azure; rocket, flowering ferns,.thickets of. the- crim-i son rhododendron, and gnarlcdoaks ;: besides: a great variety, of other flowering Shrubs and', plants. : ,.^pn.e;;Of .these_?iomantie~Uttle etreams at EosBowlie -hasi-its,source. m<a -ferny-cleft,', shaded by willow and walnut boughe,-whilo along.its course the narcissus and iris, maryel .of- Peru, blue pimpernel, eglantine and musk roses,;grow-in abundance ; jjat/ilthohghithe spot .seems to be in a state of nature, ifcmaybe' queBtionablew.Hether:6omeqf;:theplauts]-ust mentioned are really indigenous. -Thecurious 'Ueaf-insect,''aBweUasthe'^walking-Btick,'' or twig-insect, maybe seenat Eussowlie, but more - rarely., than at - the. staUone. :-o Mussoerie and, Iiandour, at certain times of the year. There is .also a singular treebeetle, whichj attaching a crooked, instru-f ment with which Nature has provided it to any twig which..it; wishes to cut off-from :the. ,tree,, spms its tody round ,.on this CUTIOUB axis, until, after a Joud buzzmg sound;, it falls, with' thertwig-wiiicb it has sawn off, to the ground. These beetles, at cer t am sea6on8, .a,re so .numerous andactive as -to become a'poBitive mmaance. ;: - •The north-eaBfcern extremityof atussowlis is bounded toy.a finely stratified peak,' which iiBes, sharply tftt; ?the farthest turn of; the road, and is understood'to be the highest point of this ridge. It is called by the l?uharrieB'Ortdl-menikK4'maADevai'' i 6r I ! s the Mountain of the Hindu'god'of S,ove. ;, Ea 1 ma^ but by the English residents, "Tape's. NoBe." --On the i Bumait is 'B j'ude Bhrme 'of unhewn etones about twoi imd a . half feet -tagh ;,jand on ihe horizontal- ;stone?over'the sapertaielhere'-ia'a-'rudflTepresentatioiiin -relief of the god Bnara. (This deity or idol is sufficiently rare to be* worthy of special remark) Being <intereBted -by the discovery of'-a'comparatively rareamag«, s we:toadesom0 slight excavations, and were able to trace the:,foundation ofmanon extensive %uilding;~ and tiso the remains of a -well, bat in such a situation, for what purpose* it was-used; except as a*tank, it-would be difficult to'Jesy, Tins' -fine .look "-ooinmands a magnififeent new<ol the plains on -the one hand, and oithe -inner -Himalaya' 'on' the 1 other. It is« MawtimM »l«o>c»llsa^oak«y'Eilll tiom the vaat nnmbere ®f 6mall ljrii'!ro:iBioni«yfl that frequently resort to* it; althouf^f it Jtbes not iiear any herbage whate'rer. bnt 'gra^B,,»nd does hof- presenVsiny ^pfeoial attractions to -the lower animals, unltsi we -assume that monkeys are capable' ol appreciating the •picturesque. , - Europeans ..after- but ».short -reaiaence in -&e; iHftoJakyai acquire .a ^faoility in .even cantering down roads en their sure-footed mules and .ponies whioh<at first might have appeared .only.EUitedio;thfbcatelnl jieaastrian.; The- widest. ;of; the loads conneotiDg - the ' stationsareeeldom morethataabout flixfeet -tro'ad. with rocks on the one hand, and"-» preoipihous!deBcent :on: thelother..; in come plaeeBiowever, the.roadB are -so steep ihat precautions -are r neoesEary, ;at:tthe filoweet.- pace, to .prevent ithe saddle slipping over4he pony's neck. Occasionally, and especially after heavy, rain, ' accidents, 'occur, to those who try short-cuts " by the pugdun&u; or narrow:fo6tpaths;ased by thematives. • How the icelebrated Mohammedan invader: of yore, :: after the sack of- Delhi, managed with his ' wild hordes, laden with plunder, fcafoly and rapidly "to penetrate these mountains, and .to leave no trace'behind, in the short space of time which'Jiistory records, is siill a problem. . They-came and went liks a flight of locusts ^; and-the diSionlty of their 'retreat:can only be .realised by one who has actually travelled.: in; the few"Bndj:,-tortnrous' passes " of- the i tremen3bu6:b»rrier Interposed betweenlndia and Central Asia. Leaving Koseowlie at five o'clock,-wo used to -consider .it a 'J&ir; 'a'YeraRe nde toieseh SubathoDbyseven- althonghtheTBoiual distanoe'-oannot'be: more'-than-^nine'jniles;: Two-1hirds of the way are occupied m tbe::Q6scent-'of the vSussowlie rangej-iat'ihe base of -whiob a streato'must'be orossed ; and afiat Subathoo,whioh:]iea;abont*ihreethouBand ieet "lower than the other station. The station of.Snbathoo is, for.a-jnU>station,'ttom-: parativelyiflatj'yetit'JiasbeenifoundmboBs-; saryto huildmanysjf She houseBoontheslofty eminences surrounding it; "while a: square :native fort,.flanked.;at the angles byronnd towers, '4ai :S .picturesque aspect- beside.'the; low'flat-roofed barraclrs.: Seyond SubathoD, the Toad'Sgaini- descendB; The bare rooks; on which only euphorbiaoooua planta seem to growvprsssnt a forbidding'ttppearanoe; which is increased ,by; :the: grotesque forms of .this genus of'plants; At tbeiottom of the-next valley, jibout £veinlles»n"theaoadio Simla,: there is ateautifuliand rapid river,- which is spanned-by; an 'iron suspension; bridge.' Imposing rooks-riseion -each side of ithe' stream, slong the'face of which, by blasting, a road bas neen made; About'a quarter of a mile beyond thiB'raver is'the .uninteresting dfik-bungalow of Hurrypore; and '.lieyond'it tbe road is tiresome and monotonous. On ono'occaBion; although during tho dry season, we were overtaken by a storm, at abtiut,four;o'clock:-,inthe afternoon. We had- obserTOdliea-pyoloudsgathering::in:the north-west,accompaniedbythedistanfc- niut-' tering of thunder.; The darkness - rapidly increased, and, in half an hour more the storm burst overheadwith astounding; fury. Peal upon peal of thunder ^reverberated from rock to.rock, and from mountain-top; to "valley; in rapid succession,, ;acoompanied iby incessant'flMhesoflighining andJtrod squalls of sleet. Urging on our pony to. its utmost speed, we soon reafched-^e'nextistagmgfiingalow .at; ,Synie i thorbu^Hy.idrenche.dji-and glad-of a refeeshment of null: and excellent wild iaepbemeB. • The storm had: now 'died away. It was about six .o'clock,,when I'the. setting/ stmrburst Sorth 'frpm-ia .canppy- of golden clouds "with a startling effulgence.* „ . There -was something solemn-.in-the sudden and .-profound .repose, of -Nature ;-,and j the grandeur of this effect-.-was ..much I heightenedby a magnificent and ps^ectxain^ "bow cozr.nletely.-spanlilng tho valley before iis,, and- dyeing, the V-'rodrn'-jat^ea^.-'s^abii^y with its iridescent hues. ' " v • leaving Synie at dusk on ^government mules; after.,almost fatiguing ride, :we arrived .at, Simla about jteno.'ciock, and proceeded.at oncB to thePavilion Hotel, when, having had supper, conducted-by a guide, we soon found the bungalow which we -hsd' rsnted for the season. On awaking next morning we were charmed- with- the-situation of " our new residence, which was perched onthe top of a spur of the mountain;' and :cDmmanded a fine view. .: The garden in -front of the verandah was not:-more than twelve'feet from the brink—not' indeed of-a precipice," but-of"a steep -descent,L the angle-of which ' was so sharp; 'that:r«nyone 'falling' over 'must' have •rolled down-at least a^housand^teet: ' In-this small garden plot.there was a- profusion of •the loveliest «pin!k 'cabbage-ioses- in^full -bloom.O ver the-amphitheatrebf .mountamB directly-in 4 front .one' might'^ee^thfough- a ! _gap, Subathoo wnd'/KWEowliS^ 1 and';in the :-extreme-" distance, thp i carpBt-liketv-plains stretching -';far. beyond 'UmbaUa" -to . '-the itfwzon'-s Jverge; ' Onr' hungalow was ehut in at' the .sides ;by» gigantic /pines' and "deodars; Beyond these, to the-'BaBtward,';at a-higher; -elevation,-mightJbe^Ben ithe bazaar.; and still farther off, - theipioturesqua jiTooko, -dottBd over with SwissrcottageB f and; bungalows. The station of Simla xose;;at, ; -the;baek:. of •our house, :andi.oecupied the lemainder of thb scene. . - The: grandest*.feature.an* theiseen wyas, ; -of.'course, Ihe:;majestico;Snowy, 3Bange, which rises .'from the valleys • and -lower •«iigM!to^3W(diaaf.4Siiii]»'iiia «.i«tnpeit-' ;douS:ma'BB,.t)iata-t;the fttBtiview. is ,'almoBt overpowering mats effect,on- the mind sven, \- of those .who have travelled in/the jiilps.; It; is.with, difEiculty that the mind-'realises iEuchivast'siatudes; iabove the .region .of.animal: life,- these stainless'^>eaks- arise: into the blue empyrean,•:, bo rlittie -'of ;the .earthifiarthlyiithat'invthei early; morning, when, first- struck by the- beams :«f*'th"e .rising,eun,-.beforeitheiatter haveiillnminnd: their .bases; which-are lostan 1 the grey blue; • ot distance; they seem, ;cut 'off by-the limit of perpetual snow, liket-a magic cinopy, •midway.-between heavehand'earthi 1 -Some-; •titnes' fl.t^unEet,:for a few"m'in'utes,"tl]e .Snowy Eange assumes a loseate-hue,**Mch; suddenly vanishes, "as - •at - Tve're,--m-'-tlie ; twinkling- of - an • eye,' andpreeentfi - them i a silvery grey aspect^-" distinct but distant; clear, yet,. oh, low cold!" But it 'is .m-;the-moonlight that these aiwful-'solltiidesl seem most ghost-like, for at such an eleva-i tion there »re*no clouds'; ahd when'* the; lo.wer atmosphere ia;a,lso:;elear:the:effect'iB, m the highest degree BnblimB.' -: i , :But ;from.-.the.stations to the eastward,' such as MuBBOone ,. and • ESndOur, .^the 1 Snowy Bange appears, even grander than; from Kuesowlie and Simla, for from the former the peaks above the sources of the f Ganges and Jumna,-beautiful in form, are' conspicuous; while farther to the east may be perceived, overtopping the range, the extreme point of Hunchinchunda, one of the Jbigheat elevations on the face of ; the globe. The aspect of these TaU stations, as they are called, varies considerably. Thus while the npble.cedars;and pmeBiof,Simla and; its sisters giro ft cold character to the scenery, the noble oaks of Mussoorie and , Landour, garnished with beautiful ferns and epidendron8,onitheir:--mossy.'tranksrflad; .brancheBj.-clothe the. mountain-'sidesiwith ;the, beauty .of-.ialmost'vtropical vegetation.' during the.,rainy reason: the 'atmospheric effects are quite magical. Thus -when -one is-enveloped m tolling clouds f which shut out; the sunshine, a, sudden break- on ;the •iormer,-,.will»sdiB(iIose 'BomBKasnnnyaspot,' brighti.and.green^ikejaslandBcape painted: .m,snamel,'joniBoiiie;'ioftiersjnountain,»flear enough to be quits distinct One of-the 4arli«t%arbingera if 4hB rainy eeBBon is the gigantic ladjutaut bird; -and about tlae begmnwg. of June these solitary storks may be-oteerved standing like sentinels on projections *of looks feeing, the ; plains, at ®n 'elevifioif of between «x and seven • thousand 4 feet. At Hhis season the sudden change^ from Sight to darkness andlrom darkhega Iplight.iheroar ol^aterialls -leaping.® tho sand Jiet,-and more in ; some places into thi xavines below, and the beauty,- of -thefifltnalvworld, present -eomibmations'on to^jgraidbaiMkle^that it would i be impossible foi «!« beat oi ariute le even the faintest idea of the whole. These eflects in spring are even more xSmarkable," when amid;the lingering »Bnowe, the crimson •rhododendron riaesvlike a pyieofsflame, ..to the height of thirty feet and even more; while the wild-vines andf-tbe white wild.Tosea, on white like items, entirely envelop iheiUrgest pear-trees with a profusion of. blosBpws.',, ' But it is in winter that these mountains are grandest, lor it is then—in . January— that the most:terrific thunderstorms .pre-, i vart,.-- ftnd-.the--^>ghtning:allunii!iateB-:the- Jpathless snows away, m the far distance. In the inky blackness of rught, from. _lan- •dburfor instance,-the whole of the sisterstation of Muesoorie will suddenly, be revealed by onebrilliant.rflash ; and the next-moment,' darkness lihe;mo8t profound -shuts olitwen '.-the ;-:iiearest "objects a .few •; paces l off,-:while' the'Jthunderi ^olls: -aotsonly { abovefandiaround; but'below. :. ; however; there are generally -but'Iew -Euro-; peabs •afesidenfr-"inr!theseifaountains.^ ,.5pr; thoEeiwliO ew?i^v'tfectni»d' , t<»!.'»eKiMirto i the plains seek: summer agam in the" enchanting Valley of Debra Bhoon. wii'idh - may be reached sui-an-hour and-a half; and ! whence,-amid" flowers and -sunny-gardens, j thfere is- a pleasure; - with thc aid of &n; ' (ptera^glass^W'suiveying ;one's -Jate iiomei buriedin-snow; and exposed to the fiiry <ff > the elements, while we are: tsnjbying.,ihe} temperature of Italy, m tho late spring; and picnics and 1 sporting excursions 'in the ! neighbourhood with their endless round of. amusement. During " the season', in^^ the Himalaya; 5 the gaieties .are • incessant;: .and the • enterr; tainments given by tie woalth'ier visitors are generally, on. a princely,- BcalPi- ; Ballsyparties, picnics, shooting,matchesj archery; : and. other ;game3, :.iapidly , (Succeed teach other, and -at.. .these :,gathenngsv many marriages are.iannually,^arranged.":-'JBat although one. might suppose that the English ;in,ithese ..charming;, summer- re^i treats ,were the- jnost frivolous.: people on ,the'faceiOf-:;the^arth.--there ^are,-always-?a few -:,who, ',' r love not'-man the, leBe,'but 'Nature more,''and who; profit, by-^the opr portumties, afforded of.matongmany valu. able additionsr-to oui.-store , ot- iknowledge; Indeed,-iamongst:tlie-.ofSoera of; the Indian army:aie ' many • exoellentmaturah&ts;,. un>; known to fame, and also others -whose scientific acquirements ;-generally'have not . alwaya been' -'sufficientlyiirought to' public notice.—Chambers' Journal. 