WHY MR. POTTLE DID NOT ENCOUKAGE CHILDREN. _ ' m' ? , — Before presenting M.r. Pottle's statements to Jfebe^paWic^ieel^^-iieiny^u^^^^ to say just a ?^TOra or t^p, explainingiwhat riuanner of man Pottle is. *i$ek ib an individual of considerame imagination, and I 'always receive his anecdotes .tofladyentuTeBcautiouBly. I should not like to accuse him wilfully of telling lies ; but I think if we were to bevel his narratiyes a little, as a ; rdu»makerdoe8 * clump sole, bis bearers would bayer^a betterchance bf 'arrivihg at the exact truth of tbe matter. He would - certainly: ne^r ,,,afiurmtbftt?i-lack?was white ; but I believe thefe are moments in bis existence .'when he would swallow Blue Point oysters with bis eyes shut, 1' ' ^Ji£(P^-tAJ»Iwa8aiot die inost successful of pipe i r*coiourers ; two meerschaums and three clay pipes jconBtitat^ bis'-!oil£Ctioh. These' five, however, Mere .''ss? black as some people's ten,' as tie 'f'jOjie^tojB&y;, -a»d he was Very proud of them. ?'^'TpyEen 1 start a pipe I never leave it till it b a blapk.;PJi«ither color-the;-pipe; or the pipe colors ine.'' This was Pottle's boast. ' \ r There -iwas .only' one *-f 'Mr. Pottle's pipes 'tborpuglilyaBOund; allc tbe Test had been broken and repaired, some more than once, as the silver lianas testified. ..' ) ? , Onebf bis «lay pipes bad three silver bands on., He.Tvas eitiing «mokuig at my fireside one evening, when I remarked it must have cost him a deal more .for repairs than the original cost of the pipe. /?? {Very true, ' returned Pottle. ' ? The pipe cost me twopence, and I paid four shillings to have it mended.' Here be suddenly paused, gated ! abstractedly into the fire, and he gave vent to the exclamation 'Ah!' I asked him bow he managed to break it. Pottle looked at me, -took a good drink of ale, and spoke thus: — 'You -may -have heard, Didimus, that I am not fond of children. Do you think this is the ^ troth?? ,'.-', 'Well,' J replied^ 'from what I have seen iof you I should think you are not very fond of ^ottdsen.'' ,-..-.? i * ^Pottle, with a chuckle, said. ' I dare sav there are some of my friends who half believe that X have cut an infantile throat or two, but they are wrong. I don't, mind telling you that I am fond of children, but I do not wish them to be fond of me. Nothing pleases me better than the sight of one of the dear little cherubs witb his attention fixed on someone ' else. I think it is the prettiest picture in the world, and my heart warms to the little one, but I am compelled to dissemble. ' - At one time I was different. I used to encourage children to love me ; I coaxed then! till they did. I put np with many inconveni '?nces 1 X parted witJi all my - odd halfpence, rained my pockets 'with sweetstuff . and ginger* bread, and put more than one stationer into a ittie fortune by my large orders for children's fcbokfl.' 'Tbe youngsters climbed on to my knees, T eased my clothes, tore my pockets, pulled my vhiBkera, plastered my hair, nestled on to my «)ucfc front to hear my watch tick, wore my hats, \aA played horses with my umbrellas ; in fact, juda a martyr of me. But I bore patiently with all, because, although a batchelor, 1 had a fond mum for children, and because I believed I was beloved by all these little ones. 'There is a proverb,' continued Pottle, ' which said something about a worm turning. Sometimes an incident happens to a man who changes bis whole after career. An incident of sn-alarming nature occurred to] me, which once sad for ever wrought a complete change in my ways with children. Perhaps it ought not to n»ve changed my ways, but it did, In fact, I bsvmt got over the shock. IfSome six or seven years ago,' Pottle went oa, . 'I lived a few miles from town. . It was a aeaaiderable distance from the railway station to ?ty home, but it was a pleasant country' walk, se I did not mind it. I frequently noticed on my morning -.journey a bnght-eyed little fellow, .. about six years of age, playing at the door of a good-sized cottage. Sometimes he was in the road, sometimes in the garden. My natural love ?t children gave me a desire to make friends with, this pleasant juvenile ; so one mornins: *I ventured to say to him ' Hallo ! old fellow, how are you ?/.: At, this he took to his heels and ran indoors. Two or three mornings after I saw him again, and smilingly said, ' How is my little mend to-day J '_ This time he did, not cun away, ? lmt unilbliteil Ulinsek oy making agrimace at «(, and went on whipping his top. This sort of tiling went on for about a week, and then we began to get quite friendly. In a day or two more he began to trot a little way after me, acting as a sort of rear guard, and in a few days hi got trotting by the side of me, holding my hand. Matters improved, as I foolishly thought, tor he began to come a little way to meet me, aad would not be content to leave me till I arrived at the statioD, One morning I was so pleased with his brightness and intelligence that at parting I gave him a halfpenny, ana told him to be a good boy. 'Tbe next morning he was waiting for me quite a long way from his own home. The moment he saw me he showed me threehalf penoe. 'When I get another penny,' said he, ?l shall buy a cricket balL' I am afraid the ekild is inclined to be greedy, I thought, but I will not encourage him. * I should like a cricket bail,' said he presently, as we jogged along : ' I ?ball buy one when I get another penny.' To take his attention off the subject I esquired, ? Do you go to school ?' ' Yes, ' he replied ; 'but tbja afternoon is a holiday, and I shall play at cricket if I can get a ball ; I only want another p*nny.' I frowned and said, 'Can you play at orioket?' for I hardly knew what to say, the youngster was so full of his cricket ball. ' Yes,' be replied, ' when I get a ball I can.' I rather thoughtlessly walked fast, and could hear amidst his infantile pantings, ' Three-halfpence — penny — cricket ball, &c.; I did not mean to do it, but my heart was soft, and I gave the lookcd fer panny when we parted. ' The next morning I was somewhat surprised to see that my small friend had a little girl with him. I did not feel very greatly pleased at this. Th« girl, who was a couple of years or so older than my original friend, turned out to he his slater ; and when I took hold of his one hand, ?he took hold of his other, and three in a row we went to the station. At parting the little girl ?aid * G«oa morning, sir,' so nicely that I was compelled to give her a copper, and as the boy dropped bis lip I couldn't help giving him one as wall. 'The next morning these two youngsters wm waiting for me with a third, a boy, a year ar two older than the little girl — I suppos* he was about nine or tern years of age. This was another brother, and, as if they were borne to it, th»y clasped bands,, my first found friend maintaining his original position. I scarcely knew what to do. I felt like a man kidnapping acme other man's family. In fact' I got so painfully nervous that I halted some distance irom the station, and gave each of my com yMkions a copper to get rid of them. ' I looked eagerly ahead next morning, and ?aw, to my dismay, the three children and rather a shaky adult coming slowly along the toad to meet me. The adult tuinei out to be grandfather. The old style was reproduced, the only difference being that there was now a man *t e*oh end of the little line. The clasping of hands was strictly observed as on former occasions. I felt very much like a fool. The old man said, ' Good morning, sir ; an' so you're to* kind gen'Pnian as gives the ywroguns ©appers. Bless'ee, sir, thee beest one in a many.' 1 oould not retort crossly to this, but walked a bit slower to oblige tbe gentleman. On the road be took occasion to say as he glanced at the pipe I was smoking — 'Beautiful thing, 'Dacca, sir, ain't it?' 'Yes,: I replied; 'it's soothing power is very remarkable.' 'That's true as true, sir,' said the old fellow, shaking his bead solemnly ; ' tbe greatest comfort I've fot now, now I'm old, and weak, and poor, and roke up, and broke down, is a bit o' bacca. I can't alias get it, cos times is 'ard ; but when I \- v do gat at ite **al 'jeymeai that it i*,' lalwaya sympathise with a lover of the weed, being fond of it myself ; so at parting, lalthongh I was very much annoyed, I felt compelled to give the old feUow^Jbwopence to get a little^tobacco.* 'Tbe cluldren simply held out their hands fora copper -each, -as if 'they had done their work and were entitled to their wages. ' I came to town that day feeling hot, awk ward, and exceedingly ill-tempered. What to do I scarcely knew. There was only one other road J could take to the station, and that was quite a mile out of my way. The affair weighed on my mind terribly. . ? 'The next morning (oh, how 1 had been wishing it would rain in torrents) I started out in a very disagreeable mood. I felt that I could almost quarrel with anyone, and yet I felt that I could not be mean enough to quarrel with ifklnioss infa.nmr nr VifdriLlf-afa am- T W2U3 ffthli?ed to confess that it was my own fault in making so free with the first of my now' dreaded com panions ; and I made a vow — which I have kept^-that I would never encourage children again. . ** My - intense horror may be imagined when I saw a second adult, making a cheerful party of five, waiting for me. This was an old lady, and turned out to be grandmother. They gave me 'good morning,' and faced right about like volunteers ; then off we went. Six-year- old clasped my hand, eight-year-old 'clasped six year-old's other hand, ten- year-old took the disengaged hand of eight-year-old, and grand father and grandmother gripped on at the end. I had not gone far before grandmother regretted she bad no snuff, to offer me. As the old lady was extremely feeble I conducted my menagerie a very little way before I hauled out twopence for snuff, twopence for tobacco,, and a halfpenny each for the youngsters. Then I made off. I was nearly mad. Come well or ill I determined to go the long way round the next morning. ' It happened, however, that I was very late in getting up on the following morning, and so was compelled to go the usual way. I assure *-..».. T «a..«.1ct (aII ?I/ram nrliAn T CaiXT 9 £lllivl a^llllf'i with the party, another female. ' 'Good morning, sir,' said the six in chorus ; and then the grandfather continued — ' This is Aunt Stephens, sir; not exactly an aunt by blood, but a short half-aunt by marriage. You will like her, sir, when you know her better.' ' Now or never, thought I, for my blood was up. ' Hold,' I shouted. * I can't stand this no longer. While you confined yourselves to your own blood I bore it ; but I can't stand a sort of half-aunt by marriage. I must draw tne line somewhere, or I shall have you advertising for all your dead and forgotten relations, and dragging them or their ghosts down this lane to meet me.' ' Saying this I took to my heels, the three youngsters after me crying out for their half pence. - 1, of course, beat them in the race ; but turning my head to see if they had given over running, I managed to jerk the pipe out of my mouth ; it dropped on to the ground and broke iuto four pieces. I never said a wicked word but once in my life, and it was when I picked up the fragments of this pipe, for it was beauti fully colored and excellently sweet to smoke. It cost me, as I have told you, four shillings to have it mended. ' ' Well,' concluded Pottle, ' for three months I went to the railway station by the longest route, and I have never seen anything more of my tornienfers from the day I showed my heels to them to this, and I trust I never shalL'' — From Cope's Tobacco Plant. 