jjfcflrjjw. NAPOLEONIC SUPERSTITIONS. Br Mosooue D. Conwat. In (be will of Napoleon III. oeaars the fallowing remarkable passage:—" Witb re gard to my bod, let Jbim keep as a talijmao ibo teal I need to wear attached to my watch, and whioh comes from my mother;, let. him oaroiully preserve everything that comes, to mc from tbo Emperor, my ancle; and lot bim be convinced that my heart and my soul remain.with him." The' telegram from G*pe Town which the find tog of tbo lato ex-Prince Imperial oontaina theso words: " Tbe Prince's body was found stripped of all olotbing, but had not suffered any. mutilation, and tbe reliquary whioh he wore euspoodod by a obain from his neok, together with iris watch and.rings, was found I lying near the.epot wbera he fall." The " talisman" which the late Emperor so solemnly enjoined his 'son to wear, whioh be did wear, and wbiob returns to bis mother from, that wild soene beside the Tombalcala, is almcst certainly the onos famous obarm of Charlemagne. It has a more interesting story than any gem in Europe, if not in the world. In the course of studies for other purposes I have raoently oomo upon legondary traoas' ot this ourioua objeat. "La plus bolls reliquo de l'Europe," as a Fronob antiquarian desoribod it in the last generation, was by one myth eaid to have bean oontrlved by one of the Magi bolonglug to tbo ouurt of Haroun-al-Basohld, who came from tbe Hast to pay homage to tho great Emperor of the West along with oertain ambaasadore. Tba wife ol Charlemagne, Fastrada, askod tbo Magi for a talisman whioh would always canse her husband to be fascinated by its wearer, and this obarm was' framed at her inatanae. Bat another fable aeoribod to it tho following origin.' While Oharlemaguo. bad his seat at Zum Loob, near Zurich, administering exaot justice to all, ho had a column fixed at hie gates with a bsll and a rope. ;It was open to anyone de manding justice to sound this boll; and when the Emperor heard it, oven though at his meals, ho would Instantly answer the summons. On ono ocoasion this bell was repeatedly rung without any; person being found near it. At length an enormous serpent wa? found twinod around the rope.. Tha Emperor, hearing this, immediately went forth; tho serpent inclined respectfully before him, and then moved slowly off; Charlemagne followed it to tbe river, whore he saw a monstrous toad sitting npon the nest and, eggs of tho serpent. Besolved to administer jaatioa to all oreataros, tho Emperor ordered the toad to be burned. A few days after, thia sorpent orept into tbo judgment-hall, bowed low to tho Emperor, orept upon tbo table, and having dropped a preoious stone into a golden goblet, glided quietly away. Tbo Emperor, impressed by this marvel, built on the spot whore tbe Beipont's neat had been a ohuroh callod " WaB3erkelcb." He Rave tho precious stone to his beloved spouse, Fastrada. Tho- stono so drew toward her the Emperor's Jove that he could hardly puffer hor out of bis sight. Ia the hour of hor death, tho Empress, dreading lest another should aaaoeod her in tho affec tions of tho Emperor, placed tbe gem beneath her tongue, and it was buried with her. Oharlomange aould not separate himself from the body, and for eighteen.'years earned it about with him. At length his confessor, by some blaak art, discovered the stbno and its virtues; after whioh Oharlomange allowed tha body to bo interred, and transferred his affeotion to tbe confessor, who became hia Prime Minister, Arobbishop of Mainz, and Ohanoellur of the Empire. But then, either in a moment of repentance or anger, this individual threw the stone into a lake near Ingetbiim. Then the affeotion of Oharle mango was diverted from his former favourite to the lako, and he built beside it o palace, for whoae deooration his other imperial roaidonces wero mado bare. But when Oharlomange came to die, bid throes wore long and violent; and tbe arobbishop, knowing tho. cause, had the lake dragged for tbe gem he had thrown intuit. The talisman having been restored to the person of tbb monarch, he died peauefally (1814), The tomb of Charlemagne, at Aixla- Chapello, was opened by Otto 111. in 997, ana it is mid tuat tho wonderful gem was fjutid auapcudod from bia neck. However that may be, the gem had been for a long lima tba most valued rtlioin Aix-U- Chapelle when it was preeonted by that - city to Napoleon I. It was at a moment when be seemed to many, pre-eminently to himself, an avatar of Ouarlemague. Napoleon pro sontod it to hia favourite Hortoriee, ci-devant Qaeen ot Hollaud. At her death, in 1837, it passed to her eon, Napoleon 111. It snared hia imprisonment at Ham, and accompanied bim through all his vicissitudes. Ia tho course of its long history the precious atone haa undergone evolutions. Tho nut-like stove constituting its basis is surrouuded by autiqao filigrao of fine gold, and is set with various gems. There are several relioa about it. In the oentro is a portion of tbo Uoly Cross. Possibly it gaiued its aanatity after losing its virtues ob a love obarm. Some of tbe variants of its legend look aa if its virtuoa had gone into the thermal waters of Aix-la-Chapelle, which would acoount tor tho association of tho ear pent with it—of old the guardian of wells. At any rate, Horlonae had an experience of its attraotive powers widely different from that of Fastrada. Tbe Magian amulet aould not co-operatu with the true oro?s, and Hortoneo was divorced from her husband in 1810\. It appears to havo had equally little of tho power originally asoribed to it in tho oaso of tho late Etnpuror. For while it was worn by him, and he was writing so sol emnly aoout it in his will (dated 21th April, 18G5J, he wrote sadly in another clause of the eamo instrument that " contemporaries seldom render (ono) justice," and "it iB necessary to coosidor tnat from Heaven on high thoao whom you have loved regard and protoot you; it is tho soul of my illus trious uncle that has always inapirod and sustained mo." Whether tne lato Emperor would have ex pressed himself bo strongly about the talis uisu if hia will bad been written after Sedan, is questionable. It is opan to speculation how far tho youug ox- Princo was influenced by this taliainan. That whioh hia father wore at his watoh ohain tho son Wore suspendod upon his breast, as Oatholios wear tho moat aacrod reliquaries in whoso protoo tivo virtuoa thby beliuvo. Tbo atrango ?mystical addresses to tho Deity found among this youth's papors reveal a degroo 0 f suporstition about himself which amounta to a psychological phenomenon. At tho seat of war iv Afrioa bo displayed .a recklessness whioh has led some to believo that his desiro to do ''something to get himself talked about" (words- reported from him by his intimate friend M. Atuigues) amounted to insanity, whilo others believe that he sought death: But it ia possible, that a natural rashness of disposition, arid tho tradition that a Napoleon ;muat begin'with a military halo, wero turned to fatal foroos by secret faith in tho potency of litis talisman. Tuero la, I think, no reason to suppose that the Bonaparte family are by nature more superstitious than others. It would rather appear that imperialism Itself ia a great superstition, and that all who become Loirs to it find themselves brought into a waird realm of shadows, whibh beoome potent through belief in their reality. , On the day when the telegraph brought news of tbo finding ot the young pieti nier's bjdy, I was proeent at a peituruWco of Victor tiugo'ajfieraani by the Cbmodie Franchise, London. Tne royal box was filled,- and those in it had an opportunity of learning tho primitive senao of that imperialist title whioh Lord Beaoonsfield lately bang roand the neok ol Victoria as a talisman to win the homage of 'India. Don Carlos entors the tomb of Oharlomango a King; he oome* out an Emperor.- Ihe King had been a oontempUblo wretch, ?utiUsi the virtue ol ? helpless lady, separating her- from her lover, albeit the latter had spared his life;?: the Em peror is noble, raisea the, lovers to dignities, and unites them. In theromantlo imagination even ot-Viator Hugo, fifty years bro, there was & divinity hedging about an Emperor. When the three strokes of the distant boll have announced that the election has fallen on Bon Carlos, and he anddeolv appears at the door of the mausoleum, where he had seoreted himself to overhear his conspirators, these men, brave and wronged, 'are .para lysed in his presonoo, their lights go out, thoir weapons are- lowered. Behind .-? the Emperor is not only Charlemagne, bat a long proo'easloh of majeatio ghosts' who ia their day vindicated the man In whom waa nobility agiinst the man who waa iv tbb nobility. Tue medisval struggle between the hereditary chief and tbo ohitf D<:i gratia ia now represented by the'rivalry . between lOKillmaoy and a government " by the will of God and tbeFrenoh people;" and as in thefar past Pretenders looked (or eigne from heaven where Legitimists looked to pedigrees, even now we find ancient superstitions hovering arouud Imperial, long after, ; they have left . merely royal houaea. . Not' long ego tho littlo Prince Wuldemar, died at Berlin. Next day it was telegraphed over Europe that a soldier on night-watoh had .Been ?'the-Wbito Lady.',* When the Prinoe of Wales was supposed to be dying at Sand-? ringham, ho had a no more distinguished banshtt than a dog, whoso howling one night sounded over England next day.. Nor can I learn that there has been any apparition ol the White Lady annoanoiag a death until the King of Prussia became the Emperor of Oormany. Tho White Dove whioh the Bona partist reporter of the Qaulois saw- descending upon St. Augustine Cnurob, in Paris, on the occasion of the Requiem for the Prinoe Imperial, might at first be supposed a more competitor with tbe White Lady. So long as a supernatural messenger U maintained in' the imperial livery ori tbe right bank of the Rhine, it pan hardly be expeoted that suoh ' a dignity will be dispensed with on the loft bank, especially sinoe it is very obeap. But really theso apparitions have no connection except in the primitive mental and moral habitat of imperialism; wherever that ancient atmosphere Teooives a shook, theso old mythic bats ore startled, and flit about, and then subside till—tha next time. But thoy report just what is ever present In the imperialist mind, detaching it from tho every day light' of oommon-senss and republican pnnoiple. The Whito Lady is a survival from tho Norse goddess Frigga, the wife of Odin. Whon Odin, or Woden, wao diabolized into a Wild Huntsman, Frigga was deolared by the Christian missionaries to be a she devil. But this degradation succeeded but slowly. Frigga had been a sweet Madonna to tha Germans, and when Bhe oeased to bo worshipped she became the Good Fairy. She was even believed in come regions to have become a proselyte of the Christian faith, and to attend tbe baptism of her favourites. From being tbe protector of all German households, she beoame the guardian qf (he imperial family, whioh represented all families. Tois popular superstition was fostered in high places, sinoe it invested the tbrono with an association of antiquity, and also of original connection with the peasantry. Tho tradition had its utility onco, and is now a survival. Tho White Dove comes from the ancient Christian heavens, and in imperial symbol ism has always been supposed to bring the divine Banoiion wbiob it brought at the baptism of Christ—" This Is My beloved Son I" It is aaid that to acquire this sanctity Mahommed trained a white pigeon to perch on his shoulder. A white dove is said to have brought the orism at the baptism of Clovis, founder of the Frenoh monarchy; and a white dove was oarvod on the eoeptre of Charlemagne, as founder of the German Empire. White doves were aaid to have oomo to bear the soul of Louis of Thurlngla to heaven—a legend remembered in tbe departure ol Lohengrin ia a boat drawn by whilo doves. The Bymbol was adopted by tbe constitution of tbe Order of the Holy Ghost in the fourteenth century. At the oonseoration of monarohs ia Franca it has always been the custom to let loose white pigeons in tho charoh. In England this oustom is faintly remembered ia that oi bearing tho. dove soeptre before a monarch at oonseoration. In France, where these tradi tions possess tho greatest intensity, thoro is still a feeling among Imperialists that the Holy Ghost must pronounce in favour of each emperor who claims to rule above hereditary kings. Whenever there is an inward appeal of this kind for a Biga from heaven, the answer to it ia pretty euro to ba received—either by the artifiae of politicians, or through the potent vision of faith, whioh generally sees what it has a mind to. 