PROFESSOR PIEPPER'S ?CIETIFIC SCEAGScES. Prof. Pepper, the eminient scientie letu, tfs many years the Director of the Royal l'oliti Institute, London, nade his lir-t appiarianieb l:' Australian audience at St. lGeorge tlil, al.':ea'-, on Saturday evening la.t. donue of us, lmirpi, it have had tlo privilege, years u, of huerie' l t:.e fr Lessor discourse on sienre, at tae ile'd h::i ?! was thenU in the prime of lite, and is a ultck; it is now white, but thouel ht ::l c;. his appearance, it has in nos ° a tccd t, powers of his mind, and h0 -till s..:ds pm its a populasr aexponent of *eiOntiu (l5t1, ing all, both young and old, by hi -s clar a;d" explanations and felicitous itls-trations. a.:t ing as many of L'rofessor Pepper's pi:rkonrme it should be borne in mind, he is not a cojVur' ordinary sense of the word ; ho is a 5aan ol i research andl high sattainments Ilto utd ii> e been to popularize science iutd Lk it-"t?', familiar to the multitude; lie never oi:4 t' fore, to mystify his hearers, but explin?? ite possible every illusion which lie pertrms. apparatus is of the best and nmn[ osit c ustl hi : worth, it is said, over £3000; it was Om5an5°5 by Mehsrs. Ottway & Son, philosophical instt.t makers, of London, ndl is ndelllr the charl tt junior member of the firms, who aceo:iupl l?ssor Pepper on his present tour. OnlU last, the l'rofessor gave a lecture onils1 undulatory or avre theory and vibrstorl mt were attended to, and illustaited by btt ti5, riments. One.of the most curious illuntratitt0 the exhibition of muusiol notes on a sc.eeI0 be perceptible to the sense of vision, b0 n Tisley's compound pendulum; this isanne l instrument, and its construction aml gsr tt could not. conveniently be explained. rsit otrango mysticism abous thIe vistibc yi thso'ounds, as thrown oi, the da'ieniet T tho'scioen; thus harmony is replr'scet t'sli oflight; discord as a conafsed arraangci regular. forms, sanl thle octave by ts.o ce, johied like the figure S. TheL cistse'entli theo entertainment was followed hby asi dissolving views, by means of what is calttd iniatl" luantern, htaving three obj'ct gi beiletl? the other, and lighted br tie os-hi, lime light; for effectiveness of display it 's ra?tis is unequalled, and nothing like it h ised in the Colony before. lie e7 e tssp losed with "the Dancing Skeleton ." tiet to go thiouh various movements on the fit very raptd manner, bht in realit dttoi m sleletons, and by being brouglot qnickly iv thoeotlser, behind the lens of thle has sion is produced. There was an excellen attendatseo;,nhiclh played ,t interal d eveititg. . "ppcer's Ghost," "tle 10r tempsyelhosis," and otter scientific proiusted'in due course. t J o h n \ " llis ' The i ell-knonts., detective, J " asi. receive inotice that he will t be unnuata' at the end of the present "a annuated -it the cnil of ut , ,.ea Ir;. Williamls, who is close on ,/lctori aoe, has beea connected with the , Police br upiards of thirty years,?a?d previously a imember of the .... police force. , . - . : :,, _' , 