ADVERTISING EXTRAORDINARY, Tho following is taken from an advertise ment in a Tasmanian paper: — In connection with these baths is a library and garden, with aquariums and aviaries. Re volving fountains with artificial rainbows. Miniature geysers, or intermittent fountains of boiling water. A riding school, archery, shooting with silver gun and pistol, for shot, bullet, or arrow ; fishing, boating, skating, and^ gymnastics. Velocipedes and bath chairs. Steam engines, railroads, and tram roads. Telegraphs, telephones, and micro phones. lelcscopes, microscopes, ana spec troscopes. Crystalissation with polarized light. Tho solar spoctrum and a working model of tho solar system. Sensitive and musical flame. Waterspout, whirlwind, and sandstorm. Floating vortico rings of co lored' air. Tlio unseen impu»ities of the at mosphere made visible. Water running up an inclined plane. Water running in oppo site directions in the same vessel. Elasticity of water. Chcmicnl affinity of drops of water, and their transformations into curious' and life-lilco forms of beauty. Creation of forms, or photography without tho aid of art. Curious ways of nature, or remarkable ex amples of the combination of tho forces of matter in a liquid or gasccus stute. Spon taneous generation, or evolution of inorganic matter, showing the parts growing, coming together, and uniting as by sympathy, like salino crystals forming in their parent water, under the microscope. Immortality of plants and animals, or their ghosts raised in their primitive form and with great fidelity ill an atmosphere of vapour of certain liquids, each repeating the history of its parent, and showing that nothing perishes. But it re quires an interpreter, or further development, which I shall try to supply in my forthcoming work, to be published in pamphlet form. At present these phenomena are, like tho phono graph, in their infancy, and may perhaps re ceive tho same scurvy treatment as the pho nograph did, at the hands of incompetent judges at. the Paris exhibition. Life in a drop of water from our waterbntts tinder the microscope. Distilled water, car bon filtered and a;rated water, fresh and cool. Sinking, finding, and raising ships ; divers seen descending and ascending. Illus trations of the circulation of the ocean. A water-wheel working under water. A new application of a jet of water half the size of a tobacco pipe drives a water wheel, a knife grinder, a coffee mill, sewing machine, and i churn, plays the organ, blows the fire, and rocks the cradle. The steam-engine driven without steam. The steam-engine super seded, or an engine with its machinery inside its boiler, lianling twenty-one carriages up an incline of two feet in six, drives a sewing machine, water-wheel, turntable and veloci pede ; pumps its own water, and does all tho cooking of the house. A magneto electric locomotive engine carrying its own battery. Dioratna of the overland route. Tho revolv ing stereoscope, pliotoscope, and cameras, Crooke's radiometor, driven by light. My own radiometor, driven by light, heat, and electricity and magnetism, sensitive to the slightest breath, or touch of tho finger. The mysterious pendulum. A pendulum 18 feet long, makes 37,040 oscillations in 24 hours, without any maintaining power, and shows tho revolution of the earth on its axis. A clock with pendulums 4] inches long, beat ing seconds. A clock with seven pendulums each has a different motion — the nearest ap proach to perpetual motion, or action at a distance, A clock with pendulums oscillat ing at right angles to each other. A clock with pendulum upside down, bob uppermost. A clock with revolving pendulums, horizon tal, vertical, conical, and eccentric. A clock that goes backwards. A clock that requires no winding up. A silent and self-acting ciocii, wnose lnacuinery never wears out. a clock that regulates otlier clocks in other rooms. A clock whose rate of going is not effected by temperature or climate, longitude or lattitude. A keyless clock, without a dial hand or wheel, weight or spring, and yet will strike or chime at any hour required, and for twelve hours at a stretch. And which I call the poetry and music of acienee, or know ledge gained of tho properties of matter by experimental research in the temple of science The temple in which we best soe nnd rever ence God. The temple which has a thou sand apartments, and every apartment a thousand sacred cells, and every cell a thou sand wonderful and beautiful things for the mind to reverence. It is hero we best see the wisdom and goodness of tiod in all the beautiful adaptations of nature. But no one can know much of the Creator who is ignor ant of creation. He may strut and prate. and believe in his own importance, but if he | have not a profound belief iu scientific truths his other beliefs are of little value. And, although I have only found my way into one apartment, and my contribution oiily 'u .niite, yet those who will condescend. to learn,, will (ind in that mite something they cannot easily find elsewhere. Most of them are the work of my own lingers, dug from, by own brain by the divine mechanicism of thought and ex periment, with the simple and natnial forces of the universe, and which dare ask audience', for they contain ittgenius and delieule adjust ment of principles, never before applied. Although some of them puzzled the learn ed, there is nothing deceptive about, them ; ho who fancies he can deLect any, and is in clined to experiment, may, provided ho pro duces machines and instruments as effective and original as the above, receive the sum of ten pounds for the same. 