BBOADBEOrS NEW YOKK LET T E R The season bf cai^j.iri^tings is ■ ppbn: ds, .and indeed it seemB; like a~ relief :to escape feoni the sight, of gilded organs, painted .wmdowF,rand velvet-padded pews - and under ;ffiib jfeee ;]bln6 Sky, anil Wneath the .green WivinghbiTrcheB of the forestiteeee, tp come Bpcfe to first, simple {jiihcipje^ irj ihe .pure ' Tfbtship God. It Was^ undpubfejlly • with isoiae suchlaudable Jee^ng as this "that the \- brethren and Bifffcera Gf the Africau fWesleyan Mission' betook themselves down " to Canarsie last Week, lor the purpose of holding a camp meeting. I don't know why it is that ■ our. white Chnstian Jbrothers and sisters ]of other -denemipations hardlyseem to; take kindly to our colored brother, but I notice whenever they have a campmeeting, whether at Ocean. Grove, , 13 lock Island, Sound Luke, or Martha's yine yard^as a general thing our- colored brethren and sisters are left oiitinthecold. Shakespeare speaks somewhere .of the sable heavens, and evidently these.Christain people seem deter* mined that their colored friends shall enjoy it all alone, by themselves. I was, therefore, not ; surprised to hear that the African Wesleyan Mission had determined to go into camp at Canarsie. It is true that there was no grand stretch of 'forest trees, but there was plenty ~of clam soup, and the.absence of greensward was inore than compensated by the dilapidated floor of a profane dancing hall, which, in by gone days had trembled beneath the ponderous tonnage of the Dutch frpws..of 'Jamaica and Hast Ivew York. The.pulpit was a short counter, which in secular times has served as show-case "for stewed eels, pickled tripe, and clam chowder, while lager, and dnnks-less innocent, had passed it by the puncheon j and on one occasion (and that not long ago) the gospel tent had served as the arena for a cock fight; and. even more recently a couple of feather-weight champions had pumelled each other for two hours and a half, the winner receiving, in consideration of two broken ribs and a nose disfigured for life, the magnificent snm of twenty-five dollars and twenty-five cents, and the loser getting a broken arm and two years in a penitentiary. Early last Sab bath morning our colored .friends might have been seen wending their way from all points of the compass to Canarsie. Though osten sibly a camp meeting, it: was really a sort of spiritual picnic, where the flavor of; bam . sandwiches was mixed up with the songs of Solomon, while Schweitzer kase and bologna sausage gafe zeBl to Paul's Epistle to the Corinthians and flavored the choicest passages of the Sermon on the Mount. Deacon Sum mers, of Zion's Temple, was on hand earlv in the action, and acted as master of ceremonies; lie will be remembered as the.gentleman who two years ago during a -fight in " brcther Murray's church, knocked sister Brown clear "through, the front of the pulpit, and then swore in court,"** dat he nebber, nebber ■ ebeo eaw de lady in all his life," Brother Sloper opened. the meeting with the announcement dat. he. wanted ebiy boy on dat groun' to behave iii5eelf, 8RQd not let de white folks tink dat dey had a scamp meetin' dere instead of a . camp meetinV 'This witty sally was received with thunders of applause, and remarks from the audience, " de ole> man's head is. level,"."dat*8 -de falk, brudder Sloper," hit him again, he ain't got no frene," and . other expressions equally complimentary.' . it. last the meeting-"Was-fairly opened ; prayer several announcements were made, and all the congregation joined in singing the starring hymn, "Fee agwain' up to Hebhen in a railroad keer." After thus getting his audience warmed up, brother Sloper made taeannouncement that a "koUecshun would " ^ow j. **teia up jess to jpiay de expenses." the*» was a rttBh for the adioin a*d in Itfsjs than'a minute, one Batt Of the eongregation had vanished, iieacon Summers had secuted an emptv cigar box, whiehlie fastened to tie end of a"broom handle, and proceeded to collect the contribu tions «f the faithful. When the box was toned onside out, if Was found to contain ijust seventy-two cents. Brother Sloper cast «&» £&gle; glance at the diminutive pile of copper.^ and said to the attending Deaeon, Urudder Summergj I guess de congregation don t zackly understan' dat dig yere kollec U - tP6**1 'purposes, jess" pass roun' j bra agin. ± second attempt was made, and twenty-two cents, more was added to the pfle> Which so disgusted:brother Sloper, that . groped to pray any more for "sich a miserable-lot ofSiggen,» and so the camp meeting disbanded. ^um ^a8 been actively at work during the past week, and the result is four murders—•; three destitute widows, and fourteen orphaned children, who will undoubtedly become paupers on the city. Jfew York and Brooklyn have been faying to reduce the number of rum licences, but so far political considera tions haye overridden every consideration of tne-moial safety and happiness of the com munity; and ram, red handed, has stalked xnrough. our fitrosts, attended, by Tiolenc& aiid murder. Oqe pf the murders occurred on Sunday, Michael Kelly killing Edward Ryan m a drunken brawl in front of a liquor store, and Patrick Kilbride attempted to kill John -KeMy hy shooting him at the conclusion of a drucken fight. The neighborhoods where these murders were committed, are inhabited bv the lowest class of Irish, and Silbride, who shot Kelly, was one of the most note<L ruffians in the pity ; time after time he had been .gent to the penitential^ for wife- bating and^murderous assaults. On Saturday he and Kelly had ft fight, in which Kilbride was beaten, and . on Sunday morning he secured an ojd musket and shot Kelly as he was standing in his own yard. - There have been no less than six accidental drownings and thi^e suicides, one of the most melancholy being that of Nathan Mayer, who hung him, self: on tree at Weehawken, not for from the sppt where ^Hamilton was killed by Aaron Burr. M>. Mayer was a highly respected gentleman, and only married a few months ago .to the beautiful daughter of one of oar wealthiest Hebrew residents. Financial, misfortunes overtook him, and. in a moment of despondency, he took his own life. Our Stock Market has been .exceedingly lively, and for lack of outside gudgeons, the bulls and beara fell foul; of each other, and succeeded in disposing of over twenty thousand shares of stock. Nobody appears to have made any money. The market fluctuated so rapidly^tfaat it seemed to be agame at see-saw where |the downs . equalled the ups. Two million, mostly in gold barg, found its way Europe last- week to pay for tlxe provisions that we have been , sending to our English cousins; the balance of trade is over two hundred and fifty millions in our-favor. Brother.Jonathan's clothes are..getting too email "for him—that long, swallow-tailed, coat, and those attenuated pants—will have to giT0 way to a new suit, after the style of John Bull. „ On Monday a child named Maiy. Quinlan, .five years of age, was left alone in a room by its parents, and contriiEd, to get hold of a flask containing a pint of bad whiskey wlrinh its father.had left^n the table. When the parents returned, they found the child on the floor in a beastly state of intoxication, and on Tuesday .it died in the hospital, another terribl# warning of the effects of rum. This has be£n a severe week -for Coney Island, the bad feather affecting its pabponage at least thirty thousand dtflara a day, A iTiolent storm on Tuesday night washed away the landing on the great iron pier, causing considerable anxiety for 'the structure itself, which, however, successfully withstood the fury of the tempest. * A lvuia; liiijie case occurred ;n Brooklyn last week, which, as usual, comes to the front with a .startling &fis;^taon.; Soine fe.w mpnths ago A libifiiy by the'haine of N^ie idied, leaving: his W^^ow a snug ^ttie fortune nof about foity. thousandddUare. .Mrs. :NagIe, not beingmuch of a'buaihess Woman, got a man by ihe name of Wade to fflfthage lier affair^ aind it was s^id that_ Mis. Nagle,f» drownher grief, Wpuld sometimes takes aluhajv observation through the bottom of a whiskey bottle—in short, that Mrs. Nagle got drunk. About three weeks ago Mrs. Nagle. suddenly disap peared, and after 'searching/.New York and Brooklyn through they couldn't find as much as her garters. To till intents Mre. Nagle was r non est inventis. . About a week lifter her disappearance, a body, was picked up in'Mar tin's dock,; which, being exposed; in', the Moigue, was identified by the agent Wade as the body of Mrs. Nagle. A number of wit nesses tv;ere brought from NewYork, feijale friends' 6f the lady, and all of them swore that the corpse was that of Mrs. Nagles.An . inquest was held afew days after, and again Wade swore it was Mrs. Nagle, and a number of females came .forward, and all of them sus tained the testimony of ~ Mr. Wade,- and testi . fied to the dissolute character of deceased. A lady closely veiled sat in the corner of the room, apparently an interested listener. After the testimony was all in, and all the affidavits signed, the Coroner went and lifted the lady's veil, and asked Mr. Wade and the other wit nesses if they had ever seen that lady before. Tableau! There before them, in propria per souce, stood the identical Mrs, Nagle whom they had all sworn was a ghost on the other side of Jordan. Wade got up and dusted as if the!— was after him, apd the female friends : and. relatives made themselves scarce in . less time than it takes to tell the story.. Mrs. Nagle, it is said, has since got rid of her unfaithful agent, and now we are trying to find out who the woman was over whom the inquest was held. As yet we are all in the dark, but if I find out, I'll let you know in my next letter. 