SUNDAY SdHOOL LES REVIEW OF THE QUARTER'S LESSONS. June 29—Afternoon. The lessons of this quarter have no s ; ical thread running through them, nor d they readily show a mutual connect; an. Th ,,are carefully collected specimens of the prop uecies, and of the literature of propht tical times, such specimens as may be made useful subject. ^f class teaching. Looking carefully at the list, the .teacher will be struck to find lessons from Job and Esther associated with lessons from Isaiah, Ezekiel, &c.;, as though all these belonged to the literature of one period. There is little difficulty about the Book of Esther, which is properly placed in our Bibles in connection with Ezra and Nehemiah, at the close of the historical books. But nothing can with certainty be decided as to the date of Job. Very many think that it properly belongs to the times of Solomon, while others think it is a much more ancient production. The connection of the two lessons from Job with the rest of the lessons for the quarter may be this. The whole series illustrate how certainly God cares for and watches over his tried and suffering people, sanctifying their afflictions and at last giving them a final and happy issue out of them. Precisely this is shown in the story of the suffering Job. The lessons divide first into two parts. Three concern history, nine concern prophecy. Three concern history. The first two recalling the story of Job, on which the children may be questioned, and bringing out this truth:— No sorrows can come on God's people which he does not permit, and none ever do come which He will fail to overrule for their final good. This may be illustrated by the troubles of other Bible men and women, e.g., even Peter permitted to fall so sadly. The third, concerning Esther, may be made the occasion for reviewing the condition and peril of the Jews while in Babylon, the changes in the rule of that city during their times, and the gracious way in which God proved He was watching over them by preserving them from Haman's plot. Nine concern prophecy. It will be well to question upon what prophecy is. What gracious purpose it served in those dark days. How directly it concerned the advent and work of the Lord Jesus Christ. And why we do not need prophets now. Then the lessons may be gathered under the following heads:— Prophetic anticipations. I. Of the Saviour. II. Of the Church. III. Of the Spirit. I. Of the Saviour.-*—See lesson for April 27, May 4, May 11. Set out in each case precisely what was prophesied, then turn to the Gospels and find the fulfilments. Comp. Isa. xlii. with Luke's account of our Lord's early life and ministry ; Isa. liii. with the closing scene of our Lord's life; Isa. lv. with our Lord's call, " Come unto Me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden" (Matt, xi.), or with the scene of the last great day of the feast (John vii). II. Of the Church.—Called the kingdom of God, as the sphere in which Jesus rules over hearts, and so our lives. See lesson for May 18\. Question on the institution and constitution of the Church. What is its work in he world? How can we become members of it ? &c.; III. Of the Spirit.—See lessons for May 25, June 8, June 15. Compare Christ's promise of the Spirit, and the coming of the Holy Ghost at Pentecost. Then if we have entered into the blessed fulfilment of these gracious promises and prophecies, it may be more earnestly impressed on us than ever that we should— Consecrate ourselves to God, as see closing lesson (June 22) on MaL iii. R. TUCK, B.A. 