BALL A RAT. (FROM OUll OWN fiOURKSPONDENT. Thursday, 6th Juno. Tho sli.-tfiMarkat keeps fairly brisk, and so do our mining meil generally, notably thoso who are helping forward, v>hni the Star call* the " mining revival," to wit tho tjow claims on the quartz lodes on tho western plateau/ At pre sent the Consols keeps up a good yield, and the freehold parties on the same line are said to be doing well, as also the Guiding Star Company on the lo'do of that name west of the township lode. Consols shares have improved, as also Duuo'ly stocks and oua or two others, New North Clunes amongst them* One cause of the Cousols's improvement is the starting of tlje company's battery, which was ceremonially done on Monday. Ths following dividends have beeu auuuuuced:—Sultan, 7s. 6ii.; Now Demicks, 20a.; Do Murska, 2i. To-day's busi ness has beeu half paralysed by the stoppage of tho A, and 12. Bank, hut the following sales were made!—B. and A. Consols, 87a., 8lis.; Kohinoor, 4$i) Dykes, lis. Bit.; Loughtm, I7s. 9d.; Lone Hand, 37s.; Herry, 14s. to 12s. 6d.; King's Birthday, S)s. j Black Horse, £7 19 s. to £8 1».; Egerton, 61s., 63s.; Ncwiugton, 21)*., 28s.; Patrick, 22s. to 20s.; Hobart 1'aslia, 12-1. 3d., 12s. Dd.; Goldbrook, lis., lis. 3d.) Queen's Company, tia. Our gossips, like our "ablo editors," have been hammering away upon Major Smith's specch ever since the wonderful deliverance, and I'll bo bound the Major's tongue has been in his cheek all the time. Of course the gallant Minister has plenty of cheek to put his tongue in, for without that provision by naturo he could not have experimented so bravely upon his audience. But he has, I fancy, been already hauled over tho Cabinet coals about that stupid blurting out about Mr. Berry's sham embassy expectations. A good many people had con cluded before that Mr. Berry's reason for going homo was a desire to exhibit himself and enjoy the triumph in his native Putu#y or Chelsea of coming hack a bigger man than all the grocers there rolled into one, but Major Smith's insane disclosure shows that many people's conclusion was right, for, if what the Major says is true, it is clear thero was not in Mr. Berry's own mind any political justification of the £5,000 trip. Our Old Pioneers' excursion to Sandhurst is fixed for the 17th June, and by special request of the notables of Sandhurst themselves ii not to bo restricted to Old Pioneers, wich wide hospitality the Old Beudjgoniaus sent us the Mayor of Sandhurst and others to iuvite as I many as we like to send, and I expect a good I crowd will go if the weather be not too severe. ; But tho "ever rolling stream" is fast bcar I ing off our old pioneers to tho place where, so j far as I am aware, there arc no industrial ex hibitions, but one cannot be sure, for if the mediums do not lie there arc dancing classes, gymnasiums, milliners, and so forth in the summerland, and if so why not industrial shows? However, we die, whatever may happen to us beyond the border, and we have just lost Mr. G. E. Finnis, the auctioneer, who died of liright's disease, and Mr. Stevenson, mining manager of the Creswick division, both of the old times and both about 50 years old. Another old resident, Mrs. Lloyd, wife of a billiard-marker at thy George Hotel, fell into the fire on Monday night, and was burned to a cinder. There has been a jovial stampede hence of a Hebrew family to celebrate the marriago of the eldest [laughter, for it wo die it is clear we must also tnariy, seeing that, as Benedick say, "the world must be peopled." I refer to the family; of Mr. Coheu, the ironmonger, whose trip is to St. Kilda, where, on Tuesday, Carrie, the eldest daughter, was married to a Mr. Sloman, of the same faith. Our City Free Library is lodged iu the old Warden's Court-house, which is tho ugliest building in Milestone ever built here by the Government, and everybody knows that is say ing a good deal. Ik is on part of the corner of ' Sturt and Casey streets, ono of the finest sites iu all tile city, and close to the local court house, a part of historical B-ular.it. It is pro posed to clear off all the present buildings and erect a splendid new pile to occupy the whole ground from tho post-office in Sturt-.stn'et to the Benevolent Asylum board-room in Camp-street. Mr. Caselli has prepared a design which bIiows a tower at the corner, and is altogether very picturesque. The Agt says it is " asrial," but I do not pretend to know what that means. Major Smith's aaroiniatranuu ui tion Department is terribly denounced both by teachers and outsiders, who accuse him of creating sham billet3 in order to plcaso "some political supporter, as greedy of place and pay as the most pious of the patriots who preiciies the " terueth," and banks his pay with canny regularity. One of the modes by which the public is said to be robbed is by the appoint ment of what aro cailed "specials" to the teachiug staff of a school; that is, teachers who are not required, but who are appoiuted and paid becauso they are the friends of a ministerial supporter. No doubt the Minister is badgered by those beggars for pay, and that ho 13 afraid to refuse what they demand, but why does he not got rid of the bad system by making all the appointments through the recommendations only of an independent officer or board of officers? Daniel .Donovan died this week in the lunatio asylum liure. It is said that he has been a patient in Government charge for 30 year3. Fancy that. A whole generation, they say, dies in that time, but to be shut up in a lunatic asylum for 30 years '. It ia said he was well educated, and was of the lineago of Arthur Duke of Wellington, than whom, in my humble opinion, there never lived a Baner or dutifulsr man. A poor fellow named Madden was killed this week at Napoleons by being crushed between his dray and a fence, lie leaves seven worthless and almost moneyless bairns. This morning, between ono and two o'clock, a house and shop belonging to Mrs. Walker, j straw bonnet maker, opposito the Ebenezor j Church. Stepheu-street, were burnt down, and the adjoining premises, occupied by Mr. Hardie, 1 1 shoemaker, were much damaged. Fire a mys tery, and premises insured, but no suspicion alleged of j)o.'l hoc ]>rop!e.r hoc. The Comus Club is going to going to agoniso again shortly at the Academy, as the last affair did not pay. Great success and great failure have just the same effect with the club. D'Arcv Kead is going to show his ghosts in the Alfred Hall. A challenge match for 150 miles came off this week on the Eastern Oval between Abley and M'Lc.vi, tlio men starting on Tuesday evening. Abley w >n, M'L'an giving np .it Oipiilea. 