CONCERT IN TOWN HALL. On Friday night, August 1, a concert was given in the Town Hall in aid of the Adelaide Children's Hospital by the pupils of the Gratestreet school, assisted by lady and gentlemen amateurs. There was a large attendance, not fewer than 1,000 persons, many of whom entered by ticket, and £33 9s. was taken at the door, se that it iB fair to estimate the value of the house at £S0 at the least. The performance in point of merit was equally successful. Fully 200 boys and girls were arrayed on the platform, and they presented such a grouping of colour and prettiness that the veriest cynic could not fail to be charmed with the spectacle. Their musical instructor, Mr. Clark, wielded the baton from an elevated position in front, and they showed in a most flattering manner how thoroughly they had profited under his tutorship. The programme opened with Flotow's chorus " Escape from the city," the able rendering of which gave the key-note of excellence to their subsequent performances. Not a single score was seen, they all sang from memory, the cue being taken from manual signs by the conductor; and for harmony, modulation, and precision, nothing could be imagined of school children more creditable. Putting the order of the programme to one side, and following up the children's singing, the next performance was by the girls alone of the three- part round " Hark the bonnie Christchurch bells," which was capitally given, there being nothing harsh, nor anything to qualify the sweetness which characterized the singing. Bat a still better piece of harmonic vocalization was the glee by the full choir of " Where the bee sucks." This was rendered with great good taste 8iud so perfect an expression that an encore followed, and the glee was repeated. The girls and choir then sang White's scng and chorus "Little sister"—quite" a contrast in style cf composition, and the longdrawn notes and the. soft pathetic expression were most effectively if not affecticgly given Tbe next thing sang by the choir was the " Away we go," and then the first In t b . e _ see ? n< ? P ar * °f tyl programme, which constituted the principal feature of the evening, occurred—the singing of the pupils fiomj manual signs in the Tonic Sol-Fa sj stem. Mr. Clark previously explained to the audience that the children did not know whit they should be called upon to sing, and then he If d them on by giving signs with his hand and iirgers. By this process they sang on the instant, without the least faltering or hesitation, "Ye banks and braes," " The blue bells of Scotland," Home, sweet home," " The last icse of summer," and other airs which tl.ey had only sung once before; and then in the same manner the air " Come over the water to Charlie," which Mr. MoBride had sent in a sealed envelope to Mr. Clark just before its performance without Mr. Clark's knowledge of what the envelope contained. This latter song had never before been sung by the choir; yet, difficult as the air manifestly mnstbc to children at sight, the choir sang it almost faultlessly. A more convincing proof of the efficiency of these children coald not be desired, and certainly Mr. Clark is entitled to !no small share of the credit of such a performance. Apart from this achievement perhaps the best effort of the choir was in the glee " Ripe stawberries," which was rendered with great spright- Hucss and no less accuracy as to 'time and expression, liut the audience was more partial to the subsequent performance of the sispart round " Song of tbe Model School," and it was repeated in lvspoiiSB to a general encore. The laughing chorus "Ha, ha, ha!" was also given, and last of all Dr. Arne's part-song " Eule Britannia," the latter being exceptionally meritorious. Miss Playford sang "Treasures of the deep" and " The departure" in her accustomed style, and Mr. Phillips, a baritone of good tone, but rather weak, gave "Noble boy of truth" and "The white squall." A genuine treat were the performances of Mr. McBride, on the violiu, of Artoto's " Souvenir de Bellini" and of popular airs ; and Mr. W. R. Pybus also contributed tn the general enjoyment by executing some compositions on the pianoforte. The concert was altogether of a most pleasing description. W HITE'S EOOHS.—The entertainment now being given by Hr. D'Arcy Bead, at White's Booms, was repeated yesterday evening to a fair number of spectators, and met with frequent and demonstrative marks of approbation from those present. The Ghosts will appear again to-night, and are particularly anxious that people should go to see them. TEB FIJNDERS GLEE CLV£ —The first concert given by this club was held in the Institute Hall, Port Augusta, on Tuesday, July 29. The concert was considered the best that had ever been given by amateurs in Port Augusta, and the audience and performers passed an enjoyable evening. Of the glees, *• TheCarnovale," "See our o*r&," and "The men of Harlech" were especially admired; as well as the SOIOB "CarissuBa" and "'Bemember," by Messrs. Shore and Phusmer. The trio, M Hark, 'tis the bugle's sound, 7 " was given with cornet obbligato; and " Brink to me only with thine eyes," unaccompanied. "The Bold Gensd'armes" duet was enoored. The readings. " Sam Weller's lovetetter" and Mark Twain's ••Touching story of George Washington's boyhood," caused much amusement. The Bev. E. C. Spicer acted et •conductor. LYNCH ; FAMII.Y BEIXBINGEBS.—This company during the ensuing week will visit Laura, Melrose, and Port Augusta." SOUTH AUSTBAIJ&H; YACHT CLUB.—The usual monthly meeting of this Club was held at the Ship JUD, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening, August 1. In the absence of the Commodore, the Treasurer (Mr. W. Christie) presided. Dr. Wilson and Mr. A. C. Threlfall were elected membersof the club, and one new member was proposed. 