Macleod of Dare. (From Harper's JUagazwe). CHAPTER KLV. THB VOXAGB OTEB. The rose-pink died away from the long promontories, and was sncceeded by a sombre gray; the glory in the west sank down ; a wan twilieht came over the sea and thn skv ? and n email golden star, like the point of a needle, told where the Dubh Artach men had lit their beacon tor tbe ?om'mg night. The Umpire lay and idly rolled in this dead calm; Macleod paced up and down the deck in the solemn stillness. Hamish threw a tarpeulin over the sky-light of the saloon to. cover tbe bewildering light from below ; and thm, as the time went slowly by, darkness eame over the fond and the sea. They were alone with the night, and the lapping wares, and the stars. About tea o'clock there was a load rattling of blocks and cordage — the first puff of a coming breeze had struck her. The men were at their posts in a moment ; there were a few sharp, quick ^orders from Hamhh ; and pre sently the old Umpire, with her great boom away over her quarter, was running free before ? lieht south-easterlv wind. Ay, ay !' said Hannah, in sudden gladness, ' we will soon be by Ardalanish Point with a fine wind like (hie, Sir Keith ; and if you would rather hef no light* on her— well, it is a clear night whateffer ; and tbe Dvnara she will hef up her lights.'1 The wind came ic bits of pqaalls, it is true fcnt the eky overhead remained clear, and the Umpire bowled merrily along. Macleod was still on fleck. They rounded the Bobs of Mull, and got into the smoother waters of the Sound. Would any of the people in the cottages at Erraidh see this gray ghost of a yeseel go gliding pMt over the dark water ? Behind them burned the yellow eye of Dubh Artach ; before them a few small red points told them of the Ioaa cottages ; sad still this phantom gray -Teasel held on her way. The Umpire was nearing her last anchorage. And still she steals onward, like a thief in the night. She has passed throngh the Sound ; she is in the open sea again j there is a calling of startled bltds from over tbe dark bosom of the deep. Then far away they watch the lights of a steamer : but' she is miles from their course ; they can not era hear the throb of her engines. It is soother sound they hear — a low boom ing as of distant thunder. And that back thing away on their right— scarcely risible orer the darkened waves — is that the channelled and sea-bird haunted Stsfta, trembling through all her cares under the shock of the smooth Atlantic surge P For all the clearness of the star-lit sky, there is a wild booming of waters all around her rocks ; and the giant caverns answer ; and the thunder shudders out to the listening sea. The night drags on. The Dutchman is fast asleep in his vast Atlantic bed ; the dull roar of the wares be has heard for millions of yean is not likely to awalce him. And Fladds, aud Lunga ; surely this ghost-gray ship that steals by is not the old Umpire that need to visit them in the gay summertime, with her red ensign flying, and the blue seas all around her t But here is a dark object on the water that is growing larger and larger as one approaches it. The black outline of it is becoming sharp against the clear dome of stars. There is a gloom around as one gets nearer and nearer the Day* and cliffs ol this lonely bland ; and now one hears the sound of the breakers on the rocVs. Hamish and hjs men are on the alert. -£'he top-sail ha* been levered. The heavy cable of the anchor lies ready by the windlass. And then, as the Umpire elides into smooth water, and her Lead is brought round to the light breeze, away goes the anchor with a rattle that awakes a thousand echoes ; and all tbe ntartled birds among the rocks are calling through the night— the -sea-phots screaming ahriHy, the csrlews uttering their warning note, the herons croaking as the y wiDg their alow flight away across the sea. The Umpire las got to her anchorage at last. And scarcely was the anchor down when' they brought him a message from the English lady. Sh£ was in the saloon, and wished to see -him. He could scarcely believe this, for it wis now past midnight, and she had never come into the saloon before. But he went down through the/foreastle, and through bis own state-room,] and; opened the door of tbe saloon. - ~ ''.'.' ' ' ' ' For a second the strong light almost blinded him ; but at all events 'he knew she was sitting there, and that she was regarding him with no fierce indignation at all, but with quite a fripnrllv lnnt. I u Gertrude !' said he, in wonder ; but he did sot approach her. He stood before her, as one who was submissive. ' So we have got fo the land at last,' said she : and more and more be wondered to hear the friendliness . of her' voice. Could it be true, then? Or was it only one of those visions that had of late 'been torturing bis brain? ' Oh yee, Gerty V said he ; « we here got to an anohorage.' M I thought I wonH sit up for it,' said she. 'Christina eiid we should get to land, some time to-night, and I thought I would like to see you. Because yon know, Keith, yon have n»ed me very badly. And won't yon sit down?' Be accepted that invitation. Could it be trme 1 could it be true 1 This was rinsing in bis ears. He heard her only in a bewildered way- : . ? ' ' . ' And I want you to tell me what yon mean to do with me' said she. frankly and graciously? 'I am at your mercy, Keith.' ' Oh, not that— not that,' eaid be. And he added, 6adly enough, ' It is I who have been at your mercy since ever I saw yor, O«rtv i and it ia for yon to jay what is to become of v»u and of me. And have you got over your anger now? — and wiiljou think of all that made me do this, and try to forgive it for the sake of my lets for you t' She rather avoided the earnest gaze that was bent on her. .She did not net'ee how nervously his hand gripped the edge of tbe table near bin. ' Well, itia_a jrood deal to forgive, Keith; you will acknowledge' that yourself'; and -though jou used to think that I was ready to Mcrifioe every thing for fame, I did not expect you would make me a nine days' wonder in this way. I snnnose the whole thing is in the papsra now ?' 'Oh no, Oerty; I sent a message to your father.' ? - - - ** Well, that was kind of you — and nudacioup. Were you not afraid of his overtaking you ? The Umpire is not the swiftrst.of sailors, you used to a»y ; and you know there are telegraphs and railways to all the ports.' ' ** He did not know you were in the Umpire, Gerty. But of course, if he were very anxious ?bout you, he would write or cime to Dare. I should not be surprised if be were there now.' . - ' A quick look of surprise and gladness sprang to her face. '' -Paoa— at Castle Dare!' the exclaimed. ' And Christina says it is not far from here.' *? Not many miles away.' ? ^Ihen cf course they will know we are here in the morning !' she cried, io the iniii*cietioi- sudden joy. ^c And they will come out for W1P.' ' Oh no, Geriy, they will not come out for you. No human being but those on board 'knows that we are here. So you think they ?could see you from Pare ? And there is r-q one living now an tbe island./ We are alone in' th« sos.* The lw-ht rifed away from her face ; but she said, cLeerfully enough : * ' ? ' Well, I am at your marcy then, Keith. Let us take it that way. Now you must tell me what part in the comedy you mean me to play ; for the life of me I can't make it put.** ' Oh, Gerty, Oerty, do mat speak like that !' he exclaimed. 'You are breaking my heart!. Is there none of the old love left P Is it all a matter for jesting ?' She saw she had been incautious. *» Well,' said she, gently, fl I was wrong ; I know it is more serious than that ; and I am not indisposed to forgive you, if you treat me fairly. I know- you have great earnestness of nature; and — and you were very fond of me j and although you have risked a great deal in what you have done, still men who are deeply in love don't think much about consequences And if I were to forgive you, and make friends again, what then ?' ' And if we were as we used to be,' said he, with a grave whistfulness in his face, ' do you not thiak I would gladly take you ashore, Gerty f' ' An i to Castle Dare ?' ' Oh yes, to Castle Dare ! Would not my mother and Janet be glad to welcome you!' ' And papa may be there ?' ' If he is not there, can we not telegraph for him ? Why, Gerty, surely you would not be marrisd any where but in the High ands?' At the mention of marriage she blanched lomewhat; but ahe had nerved himself to -lay this part. ' Then, Keith,' said ahe, gallantly, * I will nake yon a promise. Take me to Castle Dare to-morrow, and the moment I am within Its doers I will shake hands with you, and Forgive you, and we will be friends again as in the old days.' ' We were more than friends, Gerty,' said he in a low voice. ' Let us be friends first, and then . who knows wkat may not follow f' sali she, brightly. 'Ton can sot expect me to be over profuse in affection just after being shut up like this.?'. ' Gerry,' said he, and be looked at her with those strangely tired eyes, and there waa a j great gentleness in his voiee, 'do you know where yon are? Yon are close to the island that I told you of— where I wish to have my grave on the cliff. But instead of a grave, would it not be a fine thing to bare a- marriage here? So; do not be alarmed, Gerty! it is only with your own-will $ and surely your heart will consent at last ! Would not that be a etrange wedding, too; with tbe minister from Salen, and your father on board, and the. people from Dare ?, Oh, you would see such a Dumber of boats come ont that day, and we would go proudly back ; and do you not think there would be a great rejoicing that day ? Then all our troubles would be at as end, Gerty 1 There would be some more dear; and the theatres would never aee yon again ; and the long, happy life we should lead we two together ! And do yon know the first thing I would get yon, Gerty ?— it would be a new yacht 1 I would go to the Clyde, and hare it built all for you. 1 would not hare you go oat again in this yacht, for tor would then remember the dajs in which I was cruel to you ; but in a new.- yacht you would not remember that any more ; and do you not think we would nave -many a- pleasant* long sninmer day on the deck of her, and only our selves, Gerty? And yon would sing the songs I first heard yon sup, and I think the sailors would imagine they heard the singing, of the mermaid of Coionsay ; for there it no one can sing as yon can sing, Gerty. I think it was that first took away my heart from me.' ' But we can talk about all these things we when I am on shore again,' said she coldly. ' You can not expect me to be very favorably dbDosed'eo lobe as I am shut ns here.' ' But then,' be said, ' if you were on shore you might go away again from me, Gerty! The people would gat at year ear again j they ' would whisper things to you ; yon would think abont the theatres again. I have saved you, sweetheart j can I let you go back ?' The words were spoken with an eager effect ion and yearning ; but they sank into her mind with a dull and oold conviction that there was bo etcope for her through any way of artifice. 'Am I to understand, then,' said she, 'that you mean to keep me a prisoner here until I many you ?' « Why do you «peak like that. Gerty P'» ' I demand an answer to my question.' 'I have risked every thing to save youj «an I let you go beck?' . f A sudden flash of desperate anger— even o hatred — was in her eyes : her fine piece of aot Sag had been of no avail. « Well, let the farce end !' said ahe, with frowning eyebrows. ' Before I came on board this yacht I had some pity for you. I thought you ware at least a man, and had a' tnan'e generosity. Now X find you a coward, and a tyrant — *' 'Qerty!' ' Ob, do not think yon have frightened me with your stories of the revenge of your miser able chiefs and their savage slaves! Not a bit of it -I Do with tne what you like; I would not marry vou if you gave me a hundred yachts J' 'Gerty!' The anguish of bis tace was growing wild with despair, ' I say let tbe farce end I Ihad pity for yon —yes, I had ! Wow— I bate you |' He sprang np with a quick err, as of one snot through tbe heart. He regarded her, in a bewilfared manner, for one k*ief second ; and then be gently said, 'Good-night, Gerty! God forgive you !' and he staggered back ward, and got out of the saloon, leaving her alone. , See! *tte Jrightiijtai Jm, AH round this solitary bay there is a wall of rock, jet black, ?gainst the clear, dark sky, with its myriad twinkling stars. The new. moon has arisen, but ifcabeds but little radii nee yet down tber* in the south. There is a sharper gleam from tbe lambent planet — a thin line of golden yellow light that comes1 all the way across from the black rocks until it flashes among the ripples clsse to the side of the yacht. Silence once more reigns around; only from time to time -one bean the croak of a bcren from the dusky shores. -- ? ? - What can keep this man op so late on deck? There is- nothing to look at bat the great bows of the yacht black against -thepale gray-sea, «nd the tall spars and the ringing-going away up into the star-lit sky, and *he suffused glow fium *be-»ly-l£ght touching a yellow-pray on the main-boom. 1 here is no need for the anchor-watch that Hamish was insisting on. The equinoctials are not likely to begin on such a night as this. He is looking across the lapping gray water to the jet black line of cliff. And there are certain words haunting him. He can not forget them ; he esn not put them away. Whebefobb is light gives to him teat is ik iciseby, .and 1jfe tjxto the bitosb xs son? ? Which loko fob death, sot rr COMSTH KOT; AJJD DIG FOB ITMOllE THAITPOR HIXDESf ibEASFUES ? WHICH &EJOICE; i xcorirNGLY, asd abe glad ttecek thst CAS F1KD THE GUATE. Then in the stillness of the night be heard ? breathing. lie went forward, and found that B Binish had scrcted himself behind the windia*?. He utttred eome ixclemation in tl.e Gae'.ir, and t)-e old man rose and stood guil'iiy before liim' '* Have I » ot told you to go below before ? **vrl will IJiave to throw you down into the ior castle ?' (To be eontiwuedj STALLIONS, Lycurgus. BY Leonidas (imported) ont of Trinket by Croupier (imported) will serve a limited number of mares at Baldina. Terms— £2 %i. Faddocking, 2s. 6d. per week, without responsibility. WM. P. BARKER. Iron Duke. rWlHIS Draught Entire Horse will travel the \--- district of Booborowie by Gum Creek, Spring Bank and Burn, oommenciiie August 10, 1879. IBON DUKE is a dark gray, rising five years old, stands seventeen hands high, has a wonderful constitution, and is an undeniably good stock getter, has great strength of bone, good temper and superior action. He was got by Mr. B. Smith's Bantin Bobin, of CHalloran H31, ont of Grey Gipsy dam Gipsy (imported), and took three first prizes at Terms £2 10s. ; groomsge 2t. 6d., payable promissory note due on 28th February, 1880. O. W. DOWDEN, Proprietor. AET NOTES PRINTED at the ♦?BURBA BSCO&D;' OFFICE. MOURNING AND MEMORIAL CARDS at the 'BURBA BBCOBD' OFFICE. Young Ranter. rflHIS Splendid Draught Entire Horse ao J_ well descended will travel this season as under commencing Aagast 26th ;— YOUNG BANTER will trarelMt. Bryan, Cartapoo, etayinR one night at Mr. WtBe's Farm (August 27); Hallettv. Tommy's Gap, staying one night at Mr. Tiver's farm, then back so Ullooloo and down to Halletfs (bte Hogg's) farm and back to Bans, repeating the same every nine days. For Pedigree see cards. Terms— £2 12s 6d. (with 2s. 6d. eroomage, payable at service) to be paid January 1, 1880. Mares can be paddocked at 2s. 63. per week without responsibility. B. AUSTIN, Proprietor. Young Emperor. IS a Suffolk £ unch, dark bay, with black points; got by 'Old Emperor,' out of 'Duphess' ('Duchess' by 'Old Emperor,' out of « Empress',) both imported. This well-known Splendid Entire will travel this season the Hundreds of Baldina and Mon eolata. ? P. HONEYOHUBCH, BUSINESS CABD3 of ell descriptions at the 'BURBA. BECOBD'1 OFFICE. POSTERS PRINTED IN BLACK ANB COLOURED INKS, at the 'BUBBA BECOBD' OFFICE. Q ;HI- 3^31 .£-- 1ST 1ST 1 1ST Gr'S PHOTOGRAPHIC ATELIER, KING WILLIAM STREET, ADELAIDE. (LATE T. DUREA'S) TTNDEB the distinguished patronage of HJLH. fteDuke of^dinbur«b'r1BI? bip8,K \J Appointment to H. E. Sir W. F. D. Jbbvois, and the Governors of the Provino For the last twenty jean. ROBIN & H AC K, Timber Merchants, Builders* $ Contractors, Sabnia Timber Yard, Port Adelaide. Timber of ?» Kinds, Cement, Plaster of Paris. See, Galvanized Iron, Guttering, &c; Builders* Ironmongery. WOOD MOUSES FRAMED OUT PBEMISES. W. ANDERSON, Wholesale and Retail Boot and Shoe Maker, COMMERCIAL-STREET, KOORINGA A LARGE STOCK OF ENGLISH AND COLONIAL MADE BOOTS AND SHOES ALWAYS ON HAND. Trade supplied at moderate prices Repairs neatly executed Orders promptly attended to Just received a Large Stock of LADIES' LASTING BOOTS, Latest. Style. FISH Z FISS ! riSH FRUIT & VEGETABLES, WHOLESALE & RETAIL, Oysters, Saveloys* Polonies, Slack and White Puddings fresh every day. PORK SAUSAGES & BRAWN ON SATURDAYS At G. MATGER'S, Market-square, Kooringv .- 3S . 'WT jBl. 3E& 3ST XB jE& 9 HOUSE AND COACH-PAINTER, GRAINER, PAPERHANGER, GLAZIER, SIGNWRFTER, &c.; (Neact to Primitive Chapel,) RBSRXTTB. Ceilings and Rooms Colored, Catt and Coffin Plates written on the Shortest Notice. MELBOURNE BOOT COMPANY. s. imi'ooimcbus & co.9 9 8, HINDLEY STREET, Have opened as above -with a First-Class Stock of English anil Colonial Boots and Shoes, ^: Which for price and Quality cannot be excelled in thjfcoiaaj. Special attention viva* to bespoke Work. Laate fitted for th-Fee^^idiaU MeasoresTakcn Beaerved for Future Orders. r THE » BURBA BEQORD ;' A Weekly Paper for the North and Ijorth-East. T|HE Proprietors commend this Paper to Advertisers as a means of extending their business throughout the districts round the Burra and north- east of that town, the RECORD being forwarded by Friday's mails to all parts. Notices of Births, Deaths, and Marriages at One Shilling each, if not exceeding three lines. They are also prepared to Execute all 'kinds of Commercial & General Printing. Including — Ornamental Printing, Building Society Work, Memorial Cards, Mourning Cards, Business Cards, Election Printing, Memorandums, Balance-Sheets, Circuit Plans, School Hymns, Programmes, Billheads, Cheque Books, Cart Notes, 'Visiting Cards, Shop Cards, Chemist's Labels, Posters, etc, AN EXPLANATION. For some time past Mr. A. O. Chambers has stated by advertisement and circular that the undersigned, being unable to make a Washing Machine that could compete with his, has tried to rob him of the fruits of his labor and energy by copying his Machine; His assertion compels me to make this explanation in justice to myself, and I will here say that I would not have used Mr. Chambers's name if he had not laid such charges against me. As to the first point, I merely draw attention to the fact that at the Bahklava Show the Star took the Special Prize of Three Pounds for the best Washing Machine at work, time showing the Star to be able to compete with others. I here add that Mr. Chambers entered a protest, he having had more pieces to wash than I, which, however, were smaller ; but the Judges found that even after the difference was allowed for the STAR proved decidedly advantageous over the ' Per fect Cure?' by being EASIER TO WORK QUICKER IN ACTION, AND BETTER IN EVERY RESPECT. The charge as to my copying his Machine I cannot answer better than by pointing to several known Machines of colonial, English, and American make, which prove that Mr. Chambers, who claims to be the inventor of the 'Perfect Cure,' has copied the principle of the Machine and has simply invented a new name. This name I have copied, but not his Machine and can justify my calling it IMPROVED by pointing to the fact that my Machine is made entirely of metal, corrugated all round, and is 20 per cent, cheaper than the original, while it retains all its good qualities. But as it gives Mr. Chambers pain that I have copied the name of his Machine, I shall in future call mine the CRADLE A. FISCHER, Patentee of the Star Washing Machine and Circulating flue Boiler. TlBTOIOKIAJB. J. H. Field, Auburn — Your Machine sur» passes all others. My little boy, just turned four years old, worked it with twentj-six assorted pieces in it. A FAkMBS writes— After the trial cf your MaohuM my wife hugged me, saying that tbe best bargain we ever made was buying your Machine. We did two days* work in three bonra. F. W. Kbtjgeh, Siansbnry — Your Macbime is certainly one of the best ever made. F. FeabkbIi, Crawler— My wife fesls highly satisfied with tbe Star. W. A. Haeeib, Balaklava— We have done our washing for ten in three hoars and a half, and a child eleven or twelve years of age can torn the machine easily. Your Patent Boiler is also a great assistance, the water. boiling much quickei, with less fuel, than ordinarily consumed. F. G. Bichahdsok, Saddleworlh — The Machine eives thorough satisfaction. L Star Washing Machine ? £5 0 0 Cradle Washing do ? 3 6 0 Circulating Flue Boiler ... 60s, 65s, 72s Wringer* ? 32s 6d, 38s. 45s Cubs for Machines ... ? 9s 6d All other Household Goods at reasonable prices. MANUFACTORY, O'CONNELL- ST, NORTH ADELAIDE. BEATTY'SVi*'^ g— --«- -— — — — — — grand, square P| iV lUfiV and uprieni, are pro JTJ^^^IV^V* nonnced by the press AND^tbo people bb tbe most beautiful and ORGANS. SSS.'ZI WASHINGTON NEW JERSEYS tared. Sent on test trial, and pronounced the best in the world. Bealty'e celebrated Golden Tongae Parlor Organ. Any manufactorer challenged to cqosl them. They possess power, depth, brilliancy and eympathetac delicacy, ex quisitely beautiful aolo effects, and the only atop action ever invented that cannot be dis arranged by use. The bellows capacity is ao great but little effort is required with the fret to eupply all the air necessary. Beat made and most elegant cases in the market. All solid wood ornaments. Every instrument fully warranted for six rears as strictly first class, and sent on from 5 to 15 days* test trial. Addeebs— DANIEL P. BEATTY, 'Washington, Now Jersey, United States of America. There is no manufacturer of Pianos and Organs in this or any other country who bos received as many unsolicited endonementa as has Mr. Beatty. From every State and Terri tory comes the eame verdict, 'They are tbe best in the world.' Illustrated ADVER TISER (Catalogue Edition), free. Adsbebs — . « DANIEL P. BEATTY, Washington, New Jersey, United States of America ^M ^M CAN buy firat- class Pianosand ^B ^H JfYrgMTfi chpaper of DANDUL ? ? F. BEATTY, Washington, ^M ^m Mew Jersey, than of any other ^1 ^B manufacturer iu the United States. ? '? Why? Becauee he sells only for ?? .^?t cash, takes no rieka, and has no ? '??- !M0^ accounts. Every instrument ?? ?? is fully warranted for aix years as ^M ?? etricUy first-claw, and are sent on ?H^l from 6 to 15 days' test trial Money ^l^pr refunded by him if they are nnaa'is tury. Send for illustrated ADVEBinSEB (Cata logue Edition), and read testimonial from his patrons, eome of whom you may know. Addeess— DANIEL F. BEATTY, Washington, New Jersey, United States of America. T^STIBE CARDS and RECEIPT BOOKS J2J to be bad on the shortest notice at the Record Office, Matket-cquare. . CHEQUE BOCKS printed with neatness and disnatch at the « BURBA RECOED' OFFICE* SHOP CARDS neatly printed at the 'BURBA RECORD' OFFICE. ELECTION AND ORNAMENTAL ' PEIN TIK G neatly executed at the I ? '« BURRA RECORD' OFFICE. MEDICAL. TklilGHT AND EYE DISEASES MORRIS'S IMPERIAL EYE OINTMENT Pbe-xiqhbbt for the Cure of Australasian Blight and all Inflammatory Diseases of the Eyes— Chronio Diseased Byelids— Beetoring Eyelashes— Bleared Eyes— Byes rendered Weak from night work, and tine only known Remedy for, Ulcers on the ICyebaUs, &c; It may be applied to Infants, and Hie size of a grain bf rice to Adults thrice a day cures the worst cases. The 8ale of this Ointment during . the Eye Epidemic of the last year has been unparalleled— a iew jxikajcis* From Mr. Colin Gardner, of Oxley. Your Ointment is: doing great service hen, many bare derived substantial benefit by using it. Imaymention particularly the names of Messrs. Peter Reid, George Kirkup, John Jack, farmer, Daniel Walsh, farmer, all of Oxley.wbo have had sore eyes of long standing on whom the Ointment worked like magic.— From Mr. Ogle, Chemist, Maryborough. Our Ointment has effected . most astonishing cures in this district. , For inflammatory sore eyes and ulcerated eyelids of long standing your salve is invaluable. Agent for Kooringa— T. W. WILEINBON. MOULTON'S PJ1IN PJiINT (Registered and Patented) CUBES THE WOBST PAINS [n from One to Twenty Minutes, not one hou 43T After reading this advertisement need any one sufiar with pain t MOULTON*8 PAIN PAINT IS A CURE FOR EVERY PAIN It was the first and is & * only pain remedy that instantly stops the most excruciating pains, allays inflammations, and cures conges tions, whether of the lungs, stomach, bowels, or other glands or organs, BY ONE APPLICATION, In from one to twenty minutes — no matter how violent or excruciating the pain, the rheumatic, bedridden, infirm, crippled, ner vous, neuralgia, or prostrated with diceas may suffer. SeOLTON'S PAIN PAINT WILL AFFOBD INSTANT EASE. jiflammation of the kidneys, inflammation of be bladder, inflammation of the bowels,, nnmpsj eongestion of the lungs, eora throat, lifficult breathing, palpitation of the heart, lysterics, croup, diphtheria, catarrh, influenza, iieadacbe, toothache, neuralgia, rheumatism, sold chills, ague chill*, chilblains, frost bites. The application of the Pain Paint to part or parts where the pain or difficulty caiste will iffbrd ease ond oomfort. Twenty drops in half a tumbler of water., will in a few minutes cure cramp*, sprains, bout stomach, heartburn, sick headache, diarr hoea, dysentery, colic, wind in the bowels, and all internal pains. Travellers abeuld alwayv carry a bottle of MOULTON'S PAIN PAINT with them. A few drops in water will prevent sickness or pains from change of water. It u Utter than French brandy er bitters as a stimulant. PRICE, HALT A CROWN.. MOULTON'S BLOOD SEARCHER The Great Blood Purifier, Strikes at the root of the disease by purifying the blood, restoring tbe liver and kidneys to healthy action, and invigorating tbe nervous system. The BLOOD 8EABCH&R; is acknow U\ed by Physicians to be the best Purifier ai. d Cleanser of the Blood jet discovered, and thousands apeak in its praise who have been restored to health. ? NEBYOUS DEBILITY, Vital Weaknns or Depression, a Weak, Exhausted Feeling, no Energy or Courage, the result of mental overwork, or sons drain open the system is always eared by MOULTON'S Blood Searcher* It tones np, Invigorates the entire System, Dispels Gloom and Despondency, Imparts Strength and Energy, Purifies the Blood, and Rejuvenates the entire body. Are You Afflicted, and wish to reeovsr the same degree of hsalth strength, and energy as experienced i« former Tears r Do any of the following systems or class of symptoms meet your diseased con dition? Are you suffering from ill- health in any of its many and multifarious forms, eon- . scuuent on a lingering, nervour, chronic, or functionary disease? Do you feel nervous, debated , fretful, timid, and Isck the power of will and action? Are you subject to loss of memory, have spells of fainting, fulness of blood in the head, fcal listness, moping, Unfit for Business, or pleasure, and subject to fits of melancholy? are yon kidneys, stomach, liver or blood-in a disordered condition ? Are you timid, nervous, and forgetful, and- your mind continually dwelling on the subject F Have yon ^ ' ? Lost Confidence in Yowself and energy for business pursuits? Are you subject to any of the following symptoms :— Palpitation of the heart, restless nights, broken sleep, nightmare, confusion of- ideas, dizsmess in the head, dimness of sight, pimples and blotches on the face and back, and other despondent symptoms P There are Thousands of Young Men, middle-aged, and erentbe old, who suffer from nervous and physical debility. There are also thousands of famatew Broken Down in Health, and spirits from disorders peculiar to tbeir sex, and who, from false modesty or neglect, pro long their sufferings. Why, then, further orglect a subject so productive of health and future happiness trh'en there is at hand a means of cure? Why net throw -off tbe yoke altogether, and seek a remedy ^het has Science vend Common Sense to command it?— a remedy of indisputable efficacv, and the most certain means of restora tion to health and pristine vigour? PRICE, Us. 60. Sold by all Wholesale and Retail Deaks. T. W. WILKINSON, AGENT FOB C. E. MOULTON, i SOLS PBOPBJBTOB, I Melbourne wna ssywncy. ? MEDICAL. ff RATEFUL— COMFORTING EPPS'STOCOA. BREAKFAST. 'Bya thorougkknowfedgeof the natural lawa which govern U& operations of digestion and ? nutrition, and by a careful applioataon of Vb» fine properties of weU-«Ieoted ooooa, Mr, Epps has provided our breakfast tables with a deli cately flavoured beverage which may acre as many faavy doctors' bills. ItisbjthejndioipuB nae of such articles of diet that a oonstitution may be gradually bout up until strong cmou^x . - to resist every tendency to disease, HnndredspiT subtle maladies are floating around usreadj to attack whererer then u a weak point. Vte may escape many * fatal -ahaft by keeping ourselvee well ibrtified with pure blood and* properly nourished &ame.n;— iJee article in thm Civil Servic* Gatette. . Madeeimply with boOing water or muk. Sold only in packets (tins fin abroad), labelled*— JAMES EPPS & ^JO^ HOMOEOPATHIC CHEMISES, 48, Threadneedle-street, and 170, £fcc*dilly Works, Euston-road and Camden Town, 754, London. REEMA.N'8 0HLOK9SYBIB The Original and only Genuine. It is the greatest medical discovery of tfaa present century. . '' '?'?' It acts like a charm mDiarrb-B!i,andfctlM only specific in Dysentery and Cholera. It effectoallycnts short all attacks of EpOspay Hyst«riB,P-alpitatiorj, Convulsions, and Spasms. It: effectually checks those too often fetal disease Fever, -Ague, .Croup and Whooping Cough. It is the best remedy known for Coughs, Colds, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. It is tbe only palliative in Neuralgia, Bbeu matiBm, Gout, Tic Ooloreanx, Cancer, Tooth, ache, and all nerve pains. It rapidly relies pain from whatever oause. - allays ihe.irrjtation.of fever, soothes and strengthenB the system under exhausting and wasting diseases and produces quiet and refreshing'aleep. '.-, ?? ?? ?- v-» . ????, Important Caution.— As fhere are ofhsr. preparations sold under the name of TJWoro dyne, but entirely devoid of its wonderlul medical and chemical properties, tht public ar» requested to notice 'The Gennine' is known bv the Government stami) havmir eneraved upon it -*reemans unginu wnioroajns orer each bottle. , '? \,. '-';.-. . ; Four Chancery suits each terminated in tta . favor and against Brown and Davenport} Lord Chancellor SeTbbroe, Jtord Justice, James, and . Lord Justice MeUish' severely condemnedtbeir proceedings, 'and compelled them' to jpay all costs.— See Times, April 89, 1873, and July 23,1873. ? Manufactured by the ablenivantor, Richard Jfreaman, ^ pnarmheut, W, Keniington Park road, Lonoxm, S.B. ? ?? ? : Sold by all patent medkoiedeslai, mbottka Is. lid.; 2oz^ 2s. 9d.; 4ox^ 4a.«a.; Sot, 9s. j 10oz..lb.s and SQoz., 20a. each. Wholesale Agentt— Mensrs. WM. CROSSBY k COn llalbsnma THB OStEATEST VOIDER 0? MODEM TOTES! pwrnptiiwi ««»p«fcoc«fcDii«w« tW «tai6« ?»*»?. tot* xmt cfihttaeil ia on««lWlia :**«-£?» $»--$*.??' ?-kat«aM crik which m-**abm*Jbt b»«« *»-k Ev- oo^a. «tb,ui .JUJ^toj S^J^^J~ tUtrim.MdcboUB. fcwAwS&^a itt dan diiiuss : infcw,*h« TbaPuUBDdO«W^dtat«kUMEwtond(alrat MS, 0XT0BD STBXKT, ZOmOT, jrflued World ; with onscfiaM ftrvsabi almMt wrmf ?ncuao*- ' - ' - v ?r Beware of eoimterfeltsttat BUty^maaate rbxa fhs Vnitad States, puxehasew abomU look o the Label on the Mtsaaa.feona. U tha iddrass \t wrt JW, Omfltifl Btratti IiftnflUTi they ire apvrions. . ^ . . THE '^RECORD.' A PAPER FOB THB BURBA. AND NORTH-EAST. Tgr-»fq at SuBBCBiraojr.— In. adranta a^Giper^HMlerj^ifJwotBd. TO ADVERTISERS. The following is the Scale of Disoouak allowed in the « Rbcoed!' ,srr / Z insertions, lid. in the la,«r lSl,per«m» 6 «* 8d.in4hel*nw^5jwroBnt. ^^ 9 ° 4A. in theds0«r3«peroent. ^H The Scale of Charges is aa,fpUows j— Twc to ^ aix lines, 6d. per Una; every additional la* Sd. ? ? . ' _ - 1 ? s- i c ' I u \- Months {MontlM MlM. 'jinth 1 6a. «t I MBJBlL i IBS. 1 .. [IPs. 1/1 MfciM. t tU a \, | i7»;cd. ia7s.«d. | *o» ^^ 8 ,. i«s.Ctt.i«-s.i)tt.i ws. jm ~ « „ ^agh.-6d.jicos.oa.| 7»* ™ \ „ -50B.Od.iga.oa.tM8s. Orders ahould be plainly written on tba face of all advertisementsi ' and where ao ordat is given advertisements will tie continued until out of date or countermanded.' Orders for discontinuing advertisements - cannot be re ceived Ut*r than Tuesday afternoons. All orders must be* in writing, ottierwise the proprietors wul not Vb acconnltaMelbr mdver tiseaieats remaining in longer' than: fitt tim* intended by the advtrtiserr. New advertiaemanto wul tie' ttcenred ap to Tnursday a&emoon;*. ..' ' ' Notices of Births, Marriagai, and Death Is. each. ' ?. r - --?;?'' Itpmitffiifiwi maybe made in notes, order or twopenny stamps. . , Printed and PuWianidevtw Friday morning by Fbsdibick WffituK Hpiir^tt -for Go oroDrietors,.at tne office, 0 bmnurciaUbaat , F«orj»»s»,obttin Ansucaaa. 