ACTA POPULI. By Comus. New insolvency. The City Corporation. Liabili- ties a half million, assets five shillings, part of which is secured. Cause of insolvency — -losses sustained in endeavouring to make two plus two equal to fifteen, failure in business, and other losses, caused by having a greater stock of ambi- tion and inexperience than the Company knew what to do with. Insolvents applied to be allowed the use of their fancy ball wearing ap- parel. Granted. Amongst the various plans submitted to help the Corporation over its troubles two are worthy of notice; one being that an alderman be stationed at each of our principal thoroughfares, having the card "Pity the poor" on his breast, and the fancy dress hat in his hand for collec- tions. The other proposal is, to send the City Fathers after the Kellys. If they catch the gang the reward can go to the Corporation; if the Kellys catch the aldermen---well, it will be the poorest catch they have made since they started. Bismarck has turned saint; words full of unctuous sanctity are constantly falling from his pious lips — when there's anyone close enough to hear and record them; and all things are being prepared for his speedy canonization. "Take my faith" said the good old man to his secretary "and you take my all." How very soothing, as Mr. Pecksniff would say, and how very like the subjects Chancellors and their secretaries talk about. When the devil was sick, the devil a saint would be; When the devil got well, the devil himself was he. The Rev. Mr. Cooper, of Inverell, has just played Hamlet to a crowded audience, for one consecutive night, and played it in such a style that I hear that his own father's ghost didn't know him. 'Tis well; and yet Bishop Barker is of opinion that no professing Christian should visit theatres. Judging from the pieces which now rule our stage, I think there is little to fear, for apart from the idiotic vulgarity, which is their prin- cipal characteristic, there's not even enough sen- sational sin in them to keep an audience awake. On what performance, I wonder, does his Lord ship base his experience. Has he been to the short-skirted Blondenettes, Baker and Farron's or has he been forced, for the sake of morality to gaze on the pink unmentionables of Lydia Howarde, as she warbled, "You may kiss me and caress me"? Now that our parks are put to their proper use, I wonder how do the incipient Martin Luthers and Tom Paines, who used to make day and night hideous by their ravings, employ them selves on Sundays. Some of them may be seen walking melancholy about, like "strange souls on the Stygian banks, waiting for waftage;" others still wander through the groves and shades, where their Ciceronic eloquence used to command the open-mouthed wonder of the great unwashed; and others, I hear, pass the weary time with the mysteries of euchre or all-fours. One thing is certain: whatever those howling dervishes do now, they cannot do anything more useless to them- selves, or more disgusting to any person with common sense, than what they used to do before the voice of an indignant public put an end to their ignorant ambition. The New Jehemtah. — The Rev. John Dowie has done a pious howl over Sydney, the modern Babylon, the city which, as John says, has for its foundation the dissipating riot and the mazy waltz. Man was not made to mourn, John, and if you choose to sit down and have the stomach - ache all your lifetime, you are welcome to do so; but meantime we'll take our partners and the other good things sent, as usual. I forgot, how- over, John doesn't dance; he drivels; but, above all, he wasn't invited to the Mayor's ball. Pope Leo XIII and St. Vincent's. — By the last Suez Mail the Haters of Charity at St. 'Vincent's Hospital have received a brief from his Holiness Pope Leo XIII., declaring privileged forever the high altar of their chapel. The same favour had already been bestowed by him on them with regard to the high altar of the chapel of their convent, and is now expected for that of the chapel of their new House of Loreto, at. v [Liverpool. 