MISCELLANEOUS. The weather continues cold and wet. We have had intense frost, and on one occasion snow during the month.—The consumption of water from the forest dams is enormous, owing to the increase in battery requirements, and-.is now- rather-more than the supply coming into the various reservoirs.—The silver jubilee'in connection with the ordination of Dr o!Connor, Catholic Hishop!6f Ballarat, was celebrated on the 10th June, when an address was presented-to the'bishop by the scholars of the Christian Brothers’ school.—Mr John Whitehead, of the Fost-ofice, is to be.retained at the Ballarat office/ in accordance with a: memorial sent to that effect to the Post-office Depart ment by his' Ballarat friends.—The Bdngareeshire Council has been served with a writ for £3050. by, the Union Bank. The-amount represents -the council's overdraft.—Mr Edwin Trenerry has sent but by the Duke of Argyle a valuable pedigree bull. The animal is stated to be one of the finest of his class that has left England.—Mr W. F. Hardie, late .super intendent engineer''at Lai Lai station,'.one. bf the Black Wednesday victims, Has accepted a lucrative ap pointment as railway engineer in New South Wales.— A little girl, daughter of Mr Todd, of Madden’s Flat; near Linton,‘was seriously burnt on Bth June through her clothes . catching on -fire. She died from-the shock.—D’Arcy Bead’s Ghost, a capital illusion, has bean presented to pblor houses at - the Alfred-hall.—A ball in aid of. the Ballarat Hospital is to be held in August,-and-promises to be-one of the bast ’we have had in Ballarat.—The golden wedding of the Emperor and Empress of Germany was celebrated by the German residents of Ballarat by a ball held on the llth June, which wise a very successful affair.—Brutal assaults on the Chinese miners,of the.outskirts of Ballarat have been frequent during the month.—Shop lifting and petty larceny- haS been more frequent -during the past four weeks than for years past.—A painful death occurred at Mr Rowe’s Qlenfine station on, ISthJuhe. The overseer’s little daughter, who had been buffering'from’-diphtheria,'rose ;up in bed"on the' moming.in question, said.her prayerS,- arid died!—Mr' Rowell, who has for : so'me. time been acting as managing clerk for- Messrs Cathbert .and ■'Wynne, solicitors,-has died in Melbourne; being choked by some .substanco.-who'se gro.wth could not be checked,-in his throat.—The passenger traffic on the Gordon railway now averages about forty-five a day.—The Ballarat Old Pioneers held their annual excursion at Sandhurst on- the. 17th June,. Thera were two special 'trains to convey the party, which,- with outside friends and others,(numbered quite 1000. Over, twenty-four hours’ stay at Sandhurst was allowed.—Mr Jones, chairman of the Ballarat Mining Board, has been presented with a; very’ handsomely got iip address by. his fellow members on his quitting the chair.—The. Mining Board has resolved to memorialise the Government, -through the Minister of Mines, to place the sum of £lOO,OOO upon the Estimates for the purpose of developing the mineral resources of the colony.—Mr, E. J. - Lewis, solicitor, has" been charged at the City Police Court with attempting', to extort money from one WiUiam Williams, a new arrival in the colony, by means of « menacing letter alleged to have-been sent to Wilhamsby Mr Lewis; and hasbeeh committsdfor triaL : —A, little orphan girl named' aged seven years, .has jdied very suddenly. Whilst in ; her -class at St. Alipins’ R.C. school, -Victoria street, she Tell down in' what was taken to be’a fainting fit,: but did not re cover. .Heart disease was the cause'of death;—A miner named Adam Tates :has -died from the affects of a mining- accident, met, with'in :: a claim near Smythesdale on the 16 th June.—Mr Alfred'Mitchell,' solicitor; has had. the good fortune to -be the winner, of the £2OO- prize in the . London- Art-Union.—Mr Thoihas Lewis,therespeoted post sind telegraph master Beaufort, died on the 16th June after a lingering illness;—The Ballarat branch of the Australian and European, Bank’ reopened oh .the '2lst June.—The CityMaym.fMr Wen'ry. Leggo) and .'the tewn-’'clerk (Mr Geo. Perry) appeared at the meeting'of the City Council.on 2Srd .June in thsir official robea for the firat time;- and’,wme. warmly congratulated.'by bouh-. ciUora , present, oh, their 'improved appearance.—The monument now being erected- in the Old Cemetery oyertho graves of Ithe soldiers who fell at the Eureka Stockado is nearly completed.—The ticksts in Bridges’ Art Union aro'going off rapidly; land the date of draw ing-will-shortly. be",definitely fixed'.'L-The : ; Clunes Stake.,ijof ' the' .Ballarat 1 ;- Club was/run pit on ,;25th .June, 'iand .was . won by : Mr W.,.Whykea’ War King.—Mr Matthew .BUrnatt;’ 1 the Yorkshire EyangehatJ’has been, addressing crowded meetings in Bsllarat.—The.. - August —municipal—elections are creating some, interest. In .the city,. Mr F. M. Claxton, who retires.through,effluH6n-lo.f: .tamelforihe central, ward, is. to be opposed, by Mr, O. 0., Shoppes. . In Ballarat" Bait,' the " three ' retiring' "councillors are ■ all- :,to:.. be opposed.—The Ballarat: East: post and telegraph office will be open ; in the course of a week or so under tha,nißnagemeQt- of Miss Kildahl, a Ballarat young lady:—Nothing 1 definite"has as yet ' been settled-m the case of Young and M’Guigan v the ! Water Commission., The commission is'busy with its appeal against the verdict lB-in. water mam burst just opposite the Star office on the evemngofthe26thJnne,..The|ue*iate>tth9 i: time'l was HOlb to the square'inch, and ah immense flood of water_swept an hour. Damages were repaired has*'Sesn laid down for over fifteen years.—Football accidents of a minor character 0 "Save the .mtmtij.—Several A deaths yamongat hajfe occurred throughout' 'the-distriot from various forms •pfcferar'.r—Prinoor:Bita iFijfr/has visitid-Bal duiill'Wttbiii’/tbS^sl^s^ Patter is expected to arrive daily'by tho Hampshite has committed suicide at himaelfi withtrifle; oi-He-Was discovered!!* hia'house, legs.—Mr Q. B. Evans, a very old - identity" of 'Bal larat, and once a partner-in the'firmof Evans Bros., printers, died at Eilmora on the 2nd July.—Apenny Savings hank is to be openedat the Brnythdijdale State school. .Thoiystem swill-- r T>ij likely be extended to other; - schools / where the' average attendance la ‘ over 260;—The.Ballarat; ‘Agrioultiiral ,Society.has repeived from.!the:’ late : ParisExhibiUonV.a, cade’.containing aunidsk-.ol' w^t»&Wlqr;/;!CMtti/' sead;;and exhibits of wool." ’The 'ssefo have been dis? tnbdted ■ ampdfeat; the '■'iaempera !b J f.',th,d' Owing toi ‘defective.- packing- the ; contents of thejcaee have suffered from the'effects of the’ engine-driver’ at the'Scaradale/Gbrnpeny Vclaim; is td be proßecUted jinder tte dents Act for having, as.alleged, causad the /death of a miner named Robert Soiith wood l at the claith named throdgh'- negligence.—Dr Sparling, for some time a popular medicalpraotitioner .at , Buninyong, is about leaving the district for Melbourne.—An Academy of Art is being formed-in connection with the City Free Library.—The Smy thesdale and 0 fiallMat railway line ha»_beea_Burveyed Jrbm'Smythesdale as far towards : Ballarat ,-aa Hidden.—The annual'meeting-‘of ' the Town'Mission was Held” on the' 30th June, 1 ' and was . attended by quite 1000'peraohs.-'-'The report of the | year’s work was very-satisfactory, T and showed, that; a | vaat amount of good had resulted from the efforts ot ; those' connected with the mission. - -Funds are greatly | needed” for this truly Christian, work—The 'unem: 1 plby.ed—bf ara... finding -"-their—way -to | Ballarat, "where labor is already too plentiful ! for the demand.—Mt ' Ealph Ward, of Bridge letreet,—one -of- -the oldest caterers in the -re; Ifteshmerit line' of ; -Ballarat, : ;is : : about removing po ; Qneenscliff,-where he purposea. entering into .business:' I —Mr Troop,' of-.'the Ballarat locom6tive> department;: ihasnibeah removed -to, -Sandhurst; :l where he / will 1 ioccupy a similar position' at an; incrbase' of ‘salary; [A Chinese has-; beencaught stealing' golden ' washdirt .from thepuddlingmachineiof the Trunk Lead Company, |Haddon." A: watch was setjEqr'the thief, and when he: !was pounced .upon by tbs manager and another officer, ;a. pistol with: which the latter-was armed wont off ; by! .accident, and the charge, the' manager, slightly in the;aim The Chinese was sent |to! ; gaol/ for, ; twelve months.—Another Chinese - leper has just died at. the lazaretto; there are now flye lepers left—The’Rev!’ R!‘ T. Gdtnmius,,bf St Paul’s Anglican Church; Ballarat East,, has left, to take charge of'the Malvern pariah, near ' Melbourne/for a’ few months; Mrs Cuinmma’ health requiring change, of . air.;At a crowded moating of the congregation. tha reV. gaatlo man.wsa on.theieve of: his departure preaented/with. a purse'of "sovereigns, -and alsd'wltE,"a very elegantly illuminated"address bound.in morocco, and got up in album, style. The latter, gift, was from.'- the Sunday-school workers connected with- the church.; Mrs” Cummins was subsequently' presented' With, a parting gift.by the ladies of the congregation.—Cook, the champioa billiard.player,"has bean giving a series of exhibitions in' Ballarat, /playing against Mr L. Kilkenny, the champion of Yorkshire.—Fair progress, is: being .made-with, the Cornish Relief Fund sub scriptions in Ballarat. .From the accident fund of the Black Horse-Company! Bgerton,’£so, was Subscribed. —Nearly 100 hares wera shot in one day during the: month by a party of sportsmen on an estate in the \Veatem district, whereon the animals are proving as, great a nuisance as . the rabbits. One'- gentleman secured 50 to his gun.—A blacksmith named David Boss, just liberated from Pentridge, has been arrested by the local.--police on a charge of-uttering counter*' felt coin. It is- supposed:-that Ross' is at-the head -of ; a" ' party ’ of '-coiners.—The ‘ Ballarat. Coursing Club held a masting near Carngham on 3rd July. Mr Alex. Clark’s Czarina won the Mount Bolton -Stake, and- Mr Whykes’ Wheel of Fortune won the. Learmonth. Stake. The Laboha Plate! pre sented by-Mr G. G*; Morton, to. be- competed., for by the two winners, was won by Wheel of Fortune; Czarina having been withdrawn.—At the’last meeting of the Water Commission Or Wilson ' proposed that the commission: should no longer : supply the miners with water at the rate .of ,£d per. 1000 gallons, but that the charge "should he in future Id. ' This motion was lost.—The Water Commission has decided-hot to, let any portion of the reserves for revenue ndrposes, the .engineer’s report , stating .that to do io .would endanger the purity of the water.—A report has been furnished;to-the Water - Commission .by:the.'engineer as to the cost, &c.;, of connecting the Devil’s Creek and' Mobrabool 'water- supply with' the ’ present'' works. The: coat ia/aet’ down at nearly~£4s,ooo,- and the engineer does not recommend the scheme as a good one.—A fatal accident bcoarrad'early on the morning of the 4th July at the New Band and Albion shaft, Sebastopol. A miner named John White, who was about to descend the shaft, stepped on to the bucket, the rope of which was not made fast at: the: time, ; and/ was precipitated to the bottom, a distance of 185 feet. He was terribly mutilated, and died soon after being brought to the surface.—The annual-Burrumbeet and Windermere ploughing, match was held on 4th. July. Soma . ex cellent/work. was done. : William' Ross, who came all the way from the Goulburn to compete for the champion prize, won it with a Tynan plough, beating Thomas Draffin and.Mitohell, jun.. J. M’Lellan won the first prize for double-furrow ploughing with an implement of Kelly, and Preston’s make.' 1 William Morrow, who some years ago was sent to Pentridge for the manslaughter of his brother at Egerton, has been apprehended as a.vagrant and sent to gaol. The wretched man has apparently nof recovered his right senses since the slaying of' his brother.—Mr Thomas Bath, of Ceres, has just imported some prize stud rams from England, of a very superior order of merit. —The Ballarat fish'supply,' which has been abundant during the month, is ■ threatened in consequence of. the railway charges having ! been raised.—Commercial matters are' satisfactory for the time of year, and pro : party maintains its value; • There is a want of: em plbymeiit generally experienced by’ordinary' laborers throughout the district. The public health continues good. , ■ /’■: •■■■ ■ ' 