AMUSEMENTS. THE THEATRE. BAKEB and FABHON have been attracting good audiences at the theatre during the week. On Monday and Tuesday-'* Struck Oil" waa performed. In this piece Mr. Baker has an excellent opportunity' of exhibiting his undoubted powers as an actor. Bis per formance of the part of John Sto/el is in , all respects a good one, and in the mad scenes his acting rises to a high pitch of excellence, albeit it is somewhat painful in its intensity. All his scenes were heartily applauded. As Lizzie Slofel, Mr. Farron has comparatively little opportunity of displaying his versatility. He acts the part as the author intended it to be acted, and without any attempt to introduce . u specialities" tending to mar the interest of the drama. Both actors were called before the curtain at the end of: each act. The remaining parts were moderately well filled. Oil Wednesday and Thursday "The Governor " was performed, there being a large, audience assembled to make merry over this very laughable production. Mr.: Baker was tho Jfoci* Governor and Mr. Farron Corporal Mukahy and the sham bride, and the pair kept the audience in roars of laughter for a spaco of nearly three hours. The rest of tho company played up well to tho leading characters, and, as a consequence, the piece ran very trippiugly throughout. CARLTON'S GHOST.-An entertainment en titled Carlton's Ghost and Petite Comedy is aunouueed to commeuco at the old School of Arts on the 7th instant. "WOOGAUOO.-The report of tho "Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum for tho week ending Sunday shows that on that duv there wero '235 mala and 1S1 female patients in the institution, and 50 at tho Ipswich Branch Asylum. Two patients were admitted and four discharged during tho week. No deaths occurred. The' surgeon-suporintendeut desires to acknowledge, with thanks, tho receipt of ono case of oranges from Mn Samuel Macgregor, of Booval, for the use of tho patients. NKW INSOLVENTS.-Tho following persons have been declared insolvent since our last Hugh Miles Milman, John Robert Jardino, and Charles Gustavo Corten, trading as Corten and Co., tobacco growers and farmers, at Glenora, near Rockhampton, were on Monday adjudi cated bankrupts upon their own petition. Tho first meeting was fixed for tho 12th May. George Fogarty, formerly carrier, of Too woomba, in forma panaris. The first meeting was appointed for the 12th May, 