Ost fourth page contains a lengthy document, bearing the style and title of a "Pastoral Letter of the Arch bishop and Bishops exercising jurisdiction in New South Wales "-that is on behalf of the Bishop of Rome. The circular has been issued by these dignitaries in the avowed hope of beinig able, by the action of their own ecclesiastical subjects, and the assistance of other persons who cherish the crotchet of sectarian education, to arrest the course which the process of public instruction hais'been slowly taking during the last few years. The failure of the recent attempt made by that determined denominationalist, Mr. Alexander Stuart, to obtain a residence grant for the teachers of; sectarian schools; the announcement made by, Sir, H. Parkee that the forth coming educational measure would not be calculated to encourage denominationalism -and possibly a variety of other circum stances, .which might never occur to us, seem to have put it into the minds of the -Ultramontane prelates at the present june ture to make a fresh and desperate effort to supersede the educational system, which, commends itself to the great body of the colonists by one which it is asserted, would be agree ble to " one third of the popula tion" or'as we understand it, to a sacer dotal class which assumes to guide that one third in all matters with which it may seem worth while to interfere. A careful perusal of the " Pastoral Letter" will scarcely fail to show the recklessness (wve can hardly call it ,less), with which the ultramontanie bishops raise the standard of educational war under the avowed influence of mortifi cition at that diminution of their influence, -which they attribute to the operation of the. Public Schools Act. The third paragraph of the prelatical duocument, we. say is a sample of the recklessness :which' the bishops exhibit in 'statineg their own view of their so-called grievance; and ini endeavouriug to. incite the "free men" to whom they assume to dictate thieir coni 'duct against a system which has been as beneficial to them as to any other portion of the population. Do these ecclesiastic, . imagine that the free men with some spirit in them, who constitute the mass of non sactarian educationists, and the: greates part of whom lire at ffie. same timer religionists believing as devoutly in their own particular' dogmas n1a ~?nmanists do; will hear with indifferenceo:theso denurici. stions of a systeme which they knowe to b fair to 'all, hichlithey have found benficial, and which they are rosolved to maintain 1 It is difficult to avoid concluding from this apostolical language, that those who use it aro themselves " indifferentists " in respect of the mischief it may do in setting the one third and the two thirds by the eais provided they can fish in the troubled waters, and re-establish their own influence over the smaller section. But this specimen of Christian eloquence is by no means the most striking to be found in this delightful Pastoral. Let our readers judge whether the following excerpt is calculated to sup port the view' which we have set forth above. " We condemn them (the public schools) because they contravene the first principles of the Christian religion, and because they are seed-plots of future immo rality, itfidelity, and lawlessness, being calculated to debase the standard of human excellence, and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of future citizens." Truly, it is well perhaps for the full dis cussion of the question that the bishops should have spoken their minds so freely; but we cannot help thinking that it would have been more appropriately kept for altar denunciations, if not even for some use of a still less puplic nature ; and that a little more of Jesuitical plausibility-the wisdom of the serpent-would have been better adapted to a documentdeliberatelylaid upon the table of the world. It used to be, and we dare say it still is, a favourite trick with the literary organ of the ultramontanes to vapour in truculent language, on every shadow of a pretext about "insulting Iris men," as if to intimidate offenders by dread of the personal hostility of every Irishman in the colony. We wonder if it is possible to bring home to the ultramontane bishops any sense of the outrageous insult which in their eccleastical jargon they have thrust into the faces of the general population of the colony. It is perfectly well understood that only the more ignorant and bigotted portions-a diminishing if not, already a small proportion-of those i-om tlyey aspire to influence, are or ctj b in tsy pathy with their prelates regart ig tl igatters treated of in the Pastoral.\ Were it otherwise, we should soon witness a hideous development of mutual jealousy, hatred, and contempt between the holy and select "one third," and the godless and infidel majority. Whethertho publication of this apostolical document will have anty appreciable result, we do not predict. The effect which in our opinion it ought to- pro duce upon those to whom it is not addressed, is the confirmation and extension of any dis position that may exist, to eliminate fromt our politics all recognition of so-called religious sects within the state. [The above article was written for last Friday's issue.] THE wild and vindictive resolutions which as his last performance during the session, Sir H. Parkes moved in the Assembly, and supported with three hours of clap-trap, received as might be expected, some incisive notice at the hands of his old adversary, Mr. Dalley during the debate on those same resolutions in the Council. What special cause, if any, may have existed to give rise to so strong an enmity between these two conspicuous members of the colonial body politic, we do not know, nor is it our concern to inquire ; though we do not forget the affair of the new crime and the KiamaaGhost, a subject, this last; on which Mr. Dalley has been from time to time even a little too forward to dilate. Special cause, however, the dislike which any person of cultivated mind and of genial character may entertain .towards Sir HII. Parkes, need not be looked for. The labour is quite superfluous. The arrogance and affectation with which he has been repeatedly taxed by Captain Onslow and others in the Assembly, together with the character which he has exhibited in most relations of life, and which nobody, so far as we know,. ever undertook to defend, supply, such very satiffactory reasons for any amount of antipathy towards the Knight, that it is really a sort of moral curiosity to observe howsby dint of irrepree. sible self-assertion, and tlhrough the absence of public men of a .commanding character, he still continues to float on the crest of tle political wave, Mr. Dailey, apparently, has no disposition to enter the lists with the Knight-Commander for the prize of politi cal position; but it may be suspected that one reason for his inclination to take part in public, affairs generally is the wish to have an oecasionalthrustat the swollonincar. nation of demagoguery and charlatainsms The hostile relationship, -we apprehend, is pretty generally recognised, The public or those individuals whit interest tlhenselves on such points, doubtless looked rathllcr to the benches* of the Upper House than to the Opposition in the Assembly for a tellinig reply to tihe tinconscionable sopeochl vented by the premier in supptirt of his resolutions. They were not disappointed. The speech delivered by Mr. Dalley in the Council on bite 22nd ultimos, though he probatbly "dreir it 'itild" Put of consideration fir the other Knight Commnand?r, must ihave been keenly felt by the premnier, or, let us say, by any one less ease-ltrdoned in his self conceit. Some of our readers hlaveo no doubt, perused *the two speeches ; and if they hIave also read the old roimance of Valentine and Orson, they will probably admit the propriety of comparing the premier's declamation to the storm of blowsr rained:by .the wild . man's club; and the rejoinder of Mr.' Dalley, to the effect of Valentines keen blade and polished shield. Apart from the question of oratorical combat, however, it was easy~alike for the . uajority in th oUpper louse tind for tie' itinority in the Assdl~bly to dispose of oovry pecitic charrge-of obstruction and the like si.mich thie majority of tihe Assembly liid uppoitodtdlheir furious loader int urging "gaieist tlui Council. So frivolous sie all these charges ; so insensible are the public of the injury ascribed to the premier and its followers to the Council's obsttnetive. noess, that if any. public support at all is to bo .found for the forthcoming scheme of r reform," it will have to be looked for in any sense that may still exist of the defect ive theory of the Coiucil's constitution as a " nominee" Gluambor. Many persons cans probably remember hou', at the period of the establishluont of constitutional govern mnet in this colony, and for some time afterwards democratic politicians, partly, no doubt, in sheer simplicity, requiring that everything should be brought -to the test of manhood sullrage, seeamed for a lime to have succeeded in making the very inno cent appelatiodn of notinee almost a by-word of contempt. It was apparently thought that the nomination of senators by tile Crown was scarcely a nore beneficial pro ?ss an han the appointment by the Turkish Divan of pashas and the like for theplundlor of provinces; and in the gush of democratic feeling, it was confidently anticipated by many that the Upper House-the " Other House," as some facetiously persisted in calling it-would, if it continued to exist at all, be subjected to that glorious re'ime of manhood-sutfrage under which no wrong can be done. Tihe five years of its pro bationary existence passed however; and notwithstanding the vicious excitement over the Robertson Land Bills, it was found that no overwhelmuing dcmand existed for the re- constitution of the nomi nee senate on a more popular basis ; nor has any such demand existed to this day, notwithstanding the efforts thrice renewed of the present premier to excite the public in favour of such a scheme. There is per haps still amoitg the less informed part of the population a vague notion that the Crown has somehow interests incompatible with those of the people. There h;ave been periods, doubtless, when such was the case; and the influence of the Crown may still be manipulated by its servants in various ways, antI for different ends. But the interests of the Crown. are in the fullest sense identical with the permanent interests of society as a whole; and while the mem bers of the Council are nominated with the concurrence of such representatives of the Crown as Sir H. Robinson was, and we hope Lord Agtustus Loftus will be, we shall continue to think that the process, even though the two Knight-Commanders have something to say in it, is better for the purpose tLa)e a resort to manhood suffrage would be. It is difficult to conceive of a more striking instance of the possible superiority of the nominated over the representative Chamber than the case of the Powers and Privileges Bill, as adduced by Mr. Dalley :--"From one end of the colony to the other, from its first act to its last, the Council had received the most unqualilied tribute of public approbation for its conduct on that occasion.. There had never been in the history of any public question in tihe colony so hearty and unani mous a manifestation of popular support ;Is that which this 'lHouse had received. Organs of public opinion utterly hostile to each other on many public questions were in agreement upon this ; and to this House, during many weary weeks of debate and conflict of action with the other, the people looked for the maintenance of a position with which were identified the principles of true constitutional freedom." 