During the debate upon tho Pinan ; cia! Statement the matter of sugar cnltiration by white vcrsu* Polynesian or cheap labour, arose to the surface of ' political froth.' It is a^great pity that ' Southern members consider the matter with political squinting, and m from extreme false premisses. Tho hon. ?j member for the Enspwnnd, who ought 'i to know better, and with that youthful 1 emotion, ^blended Vith colonial as t suranco aud moderate humour, made |. the fallowing remark* : — ' Already I ' 5,000 white men haro been displaced I ? by Polynesians at Maryborough, Mae 3 hiy and Erishane, and he miisf. say | that he looked upon tho encourage. | merit of Polynesian labour as a di». 5 grate to tho colony, . lie 'would ask if 'lhere was to lie any check nnon the ioiroduction of Chinese, for it could i niit be 'denied' that they were aerious'y ! injuring oursel ves as a n il ion by the ] inlrod notion of an alien people. That ; ' wa« a mat'er which they had to con fider, and which tliey imist settle, or they might find .themselves ill the same position as the Americans were in the slave days, and Imvn to set lo j s the question with tho sword.' . Bravo, j 1 Meston ! This is v'ur exuggernteil j 5 though' all over. 'Difpl-oemnrit of Eur- 1 : P'-an labour by Polynesians— A nierienn i ! Rh Te days — Simon L'-gree — tvar 1. This j is a bright sample' of the rising j Australian statesmen. Hero is Mr. Amhursthi reply, as reported in JTun- ' sard- — 'It was not bin iattotio.i ; lo i have spoken on the present question, and ho -should not say much now ; but ! the hon. member for Itose'wood had spoken of the Mackay district , as the auly one able to hold its own. They had found that small settlers - were ablo. to grow cane there, but tho diffieUlty was to erect mills, as, not having money, they had to rent them. There would be a time during the present- sossion when the whole question would boanore fully explained, but lie might soy thai if they could get the 5,000 white men whom the lion, member said had been displaced by Polynesians, to grow cauc, so that there would bo a fair profit out of it, mills would soon be erected. 'The inouey was thereto erect the mills, but men could not be obtained to grow the cane. He hoped when the proper time came he should have the. lion, member to shiiwhiiii, with his flowery language, how they could get the people to grow cane.'. Mr. .Amhurst might have answered Mr. Meston ^better than he did, and informed him that there was room in the Alackay district for 5,000 small planters of the Clarence River type.; They could certainly not find land on the banks of- tho river, ; but back among the magnificent, undu atiug scrub hills like The Cedars and Miclere, and the fertile alluvial ' flats ' liko the A4 xandra aud Te Koivai. These sugar lands arc not 'over the hills and- far away,'.' hut noar enough to port to make inland or back plantations prove lucra tive. i The very thing we want here is a large white population to settle upon, the land and grow sugarcane. TVe donot wish, upon any consideration, Kanakas to settle iipon the land and grow sugar. We might draw the line then. It 5000 small plauters were to Bettle down here, they would speedily throw off their McstoDiaii ideas respecting the Buccess of sugar growing by ivhite labour' alone. Practice is everything. The member for the Valley, flushed with his late victory over Mr. Pring, tried to throw dust in eyes of honourable members in a more open manner, which is pitiful ^to observe in an intellectual gentleman. Mr. Boa tlie said : — '. He gathered- from the remarks of the lion, member; for Mac kay (Mr. Amhursl),inanswcrto some re marks of the hon. member for Rosewood (iVIr.Meston),tliatthepeop!e in his elect orate were very anxious to get 5,000 people to grow cniie in that district, and that the money influence was of opinion iliat if that could lie done they would go to the expense.of erecting. the neces sary machinery to try it. The hon. member (Mr. Amhurst) must know that, if white immigration were stopped, there was. very little change of gntt.ing 5,000 white people to go to Mackay to grow cane, s-eing the large number of Kanakas employed in that district. He was afraid that if the hon. member expected to get people from the old country to compete with Kanakas he would; find, himself mistaken.' We support the argument that, if small planters could be induced to settle hero, capital would speedily follow them, in the shape' of central sugar factories, as they have in the French West-Indian islands. It stands to reason that cheap labotir being obtainable . here, agri culturalistsshouldcomeallthequiclcer. It is a truism 'that sugar — to Compete with Java and the Mauritius sugars in the markets of the world — produced in Queensland by white labour alone., will not nay the grower, unless he applies ch'rap labour of any kind to work upon .the.plantation. No planter iieredesiresto oust skilled European labour, as he cannot do without it. Mr. Beattie indulges in n reductio ad abnurdum when hq speaks of getting 'people: from the old country to compete with Kanakas.' The latter are employed to suit the in dustry, to increase llie produce of Mac kay arid the wealth of the colony. The greater theextension of sugar production; the greater will be the number of white peop'e 'are employed in proportion to cheap or black labou rers. The time poBsihl v may erne when sugar can bo manufac tured by the aid of white labour arid improved machinery, hut not just yet. Until I that time arrives, the colony must put up with cheap labour in spite of it' elf. Britishers are not: a slave holding people — in fact ' they never, never shall be slaves;' and it is not likely that- the slave trade will bo per mitted lo Muckay. An individual case of oppression might occur now and then, hut, when it is discove'red, the law of ithe country is sufficient to.regulate the hired service of the Kanakas, and punish {riferiders. It is doing this pro mising .district considerable injustice arid harm for honourable members to picture the sugar industry with a slavish colouring arid a dark bm-k-., ground. What makes sugar cultivation pay iii New South Wales is the £5 protection ^duty. Lot all the colonial Governments admit Queensland sugars free, of duty, nnd adopt the principles of free trado, thentheClaionce and Rich mond River- planters would hood legis late for cheap labour of somo sort — black or white Self-interest, special circumstances and prejudice regulates the; industry ns it regulites all other . industries. Supposing Mr. Mosfori and Mr. B-vittio had sugar' planta tion on the; Pioneer nrr Herbert Rivers, we ; have no doubt they would be thrfg.-' atest employers' 'of cheap labour ad ablest defenders of it in the district, t heir personal genius, frame of tninil nnd nature.. 'of' character would, load theiri lo do it. Mr. Meston wiix nt one time a sturdy believer in black labour, and, there must have been a wonderful conversion in Itiin during the last three years. But mail's minds arc so nccom daling sometimes. An endeavour was made in tho Into debute to imprpss upon the Homo that tho sugar industry, was 'a'tnal/y retrogressing.' A enrro op 'tiderit takes exception to this re. mark in the Courier. Ho justly says : — 'jAceoiiling to' the returns of tho Rcgiiilrar- Giineral, - tho production, of sugtir it) Queensland since its estiblish. nif- iiL has been as follows ;— 1807, l'JS tons ; 1868, 010 tons ;. 1800, 1100 tons j 1870, 285-1 tons; 1871, 3702 tons; 1S72, 0200 .tons; 1873. !?9S7 tonsj I 1S7-1, 12.103; tons; 1S75, [6322 tons; 1876, 8214 ; tons; 1877, 12,652 tons i 1878, 0,500 ;tona (? — returns not yet published). ; The production of the present season is estimated; on reliable information; at 10,000 tons or more; The hon. member for Rosewood bases his statement merely on the fact that the crop of the 1S7S season produced less than- that of the ,1877 seaapn. The Kanaka question had nothiug at all to do with it. The comparatively small crop of 1878 was due, as is only too; well known,' to the exceptionally severe frosts which visited the Southern BUgar- grpw: injj districts; In another fortnight there will be somewhat above 'seventy sugar-mills :at work iu the colou^; Twelve years ago; if 'I mistake, not; there wore only two mills in existence^ If this, together with the increased pro duction, does not prove that the indus try is ' progressing, I do not know what is progress, v Out of these seventy mills only four mills employ white : labour exclusively'. : I * Last 'Wednesday may -be. termed a red letter- day in the history of the Jfackay district. It. has been our duty, on many occasions,*1 to narrate the pro gress of tne-.sugar industry, but we have now to chronicle j . gratifying progress in 'our local mining industry. After a long: period of labour and wait ing — of hope deferred— the first; two reams, laden; with' ' pig' copper. metaT; drove iuto town last Wednesday, and , to-day four teams are hourtyj expected to discharge their precious aud welcome ear goes in port.;. This is a matter that deserves more than passing: notice. It is an event; that will not Only, increase the wealth of the district, but it speaks volumes forj the perseverance, energy and confidence on the part of the Direc tors and Shareholders of j the Mount Orango Copper Mining Company-, who represent a -large number of local resi. dents. The' progress -of mining: operations has been slow,' bat sure ; and tho fact that over .' twenty j. tons of pig copper arriviug in town within the next day or two — representing a local value of over £800— i& ample proof, of the suc cess of the mine, and of the valuable mineral resources of Mount Orange. It -would not: be advisable] to doubt the character of that district jor ' keep it dark' any longer. It is' often the case that pioueers and discoverers fail to reap the profits of their roseareb and industry,; but wo are pleas-'d to say that, the prnJ motors are about to* reap tlie advantages, and emoluments from their first'. di^-i coverics.. It is now sevon; years.- sine »i Mr. William:' Orange anil party' dis covered the copper indications of Mount s[ Flora and Orange, when iout- upon al Nimrnd expedition. The jproprietor— ? Mr. Charles Keeley — afterj allowing the! land to remain idle, aud almost unddvc loped, wisely: resolved to float his mining property— selection No. 2382,! at Mount Orange, in the eoiiniy of: Wodehouse and district of L -ichhardt— ! with a capitaTbf £12,000. | The shared were rapidly ;v:taken up, mining opera-! tions commen'cedj'a smelling furnace was erected, and the copper now in town' is; the result of local enterprise . and ; patience. . jWe' ldok forward to! the future exports of Mnckay as being largely increased in consequence of the sncces8 of thie^new industry, which, to a considerable extent, has been brought about by the tradiug and .working classes. We also learn that there is every prospect of profitable cotil-fields existing in the Mount Orange district, which may soon have to be developed, : in order to provide fuel for the increas ing manufacture of Bugar, as the timber available for the! factories, is getting considerably reduced in quan? tity. As the; coal and copper mines' become generally developed around Nebo* and Mount Orange, the railway question will crop up, and it may be necessary, before many years are over, to agitate for jone of Mr. IMcIlwraithV cheap branch :railway lines. A town ship may soon spring up about' Mount Orange Jiko'! Gopperfield .and the Peak Do\\\Tjs? Capital and labour, if; forth coming, should not make the idea .Uto pian or premature. . But wo see in the future bright visions of prosperity for the back country, of which this port is the natural outlet. Such exports as copper, coal/ sugar, ruin, wool, tallow, hides, &c.;, should command and cause them to attention from the Government, improve our roads, bridges and harbour at once. These public works are wanted immediately to accommodate our varied industries. Mr. Amhurst should leave the'[Brisbano bar to Mr. Beattie and Mr. Griffith, and try the depth of water at the uiouth of the Pioneer River instead. In conclusion, we heartily congratulate the Directors and Shure. holders of the Mount Orange Mining Company upon tho successful results of their veulure, and thus increasing the exports and importance of Mackay. Tub followiug guntlouien have boon Gazetted members at tho North Side State .School Committee : — Maurice Huino Black, Michael Carroll, James Agustus Edwards, Henry John Jane, ' William Mackenzie, and George Wills. . ' . Tur general annual meeting of tho District Association will ho held next Tuesday evening in tho Oddfellows Ifall, at half«past seven o'clock. . Wo hope there will lie a large meeting, and fresh efforts- made to make the ohjoots of this dcsirablo Association mora real and important. . We aro pleased to loarn that Captaiq Gond≪, who has suffered severely for the mutt two mouths from inflammation of the left eye,, is gradually recovering under tho able treatment: of f)r. McBurncy. : Tim friends of Mr. McCarthy, Polioe Magistrate, Port fiouglas, will ho glad to hear that his visit to Mackay has considerably improved his health, and although, not ' altogether free from Ms late attack of fever, ho has mo far recovered oa to enable him to return North hy tho next -mail steamer. Wo wish both th» Police Magistrates a opeody restor ation to health ana retain to tlioir usual duties, Mr, G, H. M. ICiko, of Rranscombe plantation, .bngan crushing last Tuesday, The canes upon this curate liavu grown to great perfection, and a splendid sugar will likely be manufactured at Bninsuoinbu this suason. Our contemporary the Northern Miner in lately .publishing ah extract frotnHhe Mercury is pleased to' designate as a ministerial organ. Wo' have to : inform the N. Miner that though favouring the Govern ment sometimes,* we have ever steered an independent course in the way of politics.; For the information of our 'Itockhampton friends we .have to correct a telegraphic error which appeared in . their local papers ; that. Echo won the All Aged Stakes at; the late race meeting' of the ' M. T. Club. Ace wpn that race, and we are sorry if 'boil overs' were numerous-on the bauks of the Fitzroy last week. The Carandini Operatic and Ballad Com pany gave their entertainments in the Olympic Theatre on the last three nights, but the seates might have been better 'tilled consider ing the merits of the vocal, instrumental and attractive character of the programme. We are. glad to find Madame Carandini still re tains her well-known powers of vocalisation, and perfect realisation of choice operatic pieces and standard songs. The concerts now being given'' by the Carandini's are an agreeable cbauge from late entertainments, and are thoroughly appreciated by the audiences. Miss Carandini is - a worthy pnpil of her accomplished mother, and rendered her songs io a very graceful and artistic manner, and every night she received well deserved applanse which- was kindly acknowledged by her giving several encore songs. Several of the comic duets reminded ' the audiences of the musical traits of the celebrated enter tainers — Howard Paul and German Heed. The selections from the great composers were liberal, being taken from Glover, Vincent, Wallace, Balfe, Anber, Verdi, Mozart, Donizetti, and others.^ Our space forbids ns to review all the musical gems rendered, by the company, but such songs as 'Take me to Thy Heart Again!' ' Annie Laurie ' ' Did^t Thou But Know,' 'Little Nell,' and sncb duets as ' Hniiting-Tonr,' ' MyBoffering and Sorrow,' 'Trust Her Not,'' 'l'am not the Queen,' and others w£re executed with such pleasing effect that could not fail to secure gratifyiug success and appo bation, 1 Miss Melville is an /accomplished pianist and won enthuastic applause for her exceedingly well performed overtures solos,i aud . fantasias. Mr. Sherwin ably assisted tho' ladie8 iu the operatic and teuor parts with as much success as ever. We .trust the public will. give* the Carandiui's a '-bumper house to-night and encourage such high'mnsical entertainments. The Company appear to night, and next .Monday, bn both of which occasions we trust there will' be largo audiences. ; Respecting the matter of the A S.N. Company ' deeliningt to carry parcels for delivery to Flat-top Island by the mail steamers, so long as they are charged by tbe Government for light dues, the Collector of Customs, Mr. Thnrntorr has instructed the Sub-Collector of Customs at this port, not to charge light dues in future upon parcels transhipped into the Bronzewing from the A.S.N. steamers. This new arrangement Will, facilitate business very mnch, and prove of great convenience to the community. Tbe Saturday's mail steamer ^from Brisbane is oftentimes the only Speedy method of obtain ing special articles wanted in a harry. Mr. W. H. Paxton, the local age'utof the A.S.N. Company, deserves credit for his service in bringing about the present satisfactory arraugement. The first two teams of pig -copper from the Mount Orange Copper Mines, safely arrived iu town lost Wednesday afternoon. Messrs G. Irousides and. G. Pugsley were the teamsters, and they received a cordial welcome from mauy of the shareholders aud the public generally, as they, paraded the main street with their valuable and long expected cargoes. Blue flags were fixed on . the drays, and blue ribbons graced . the breasts - of many fortu nate shareholders. After visiting the chief hotels, tho healths of the teamsters were cor dially toasted iu the Oriental Hotel, also the health of the Directors; Mr. Conll, Mr. Orange; the discoverer, ;and prosperity to the Mount . Orange Copper -Mine were. duly proposed and responded to. Mr. Coalls stated that Messrs. Pugsley and Ironsides teams were the first to bring down pig copper from the Mount Gotthard Mine, land be was glad to see them winning the same hononrs for the Modut Orange Mine. Four other teams with copper were passed by them on the rood, and would very likely arrive in town on Monday next. The ?- metal appears to be well smelted for tbe, first time, is very heavy in the cake, and should average seventy per cent, of pbre copper. The arrival of these teams should give increased confidence in mining- matters at Mount Orange. | ? ! ' Carlton's Ghost Combination company will appear on Tuesday next, in the Olympic Theatre, in tbeirentertainment of negro songs, ballads, and plantation dances. The pro gramme is 'very attractive, and the company were well received in Kockhampton by numerous audiences. McKelleb'b ''Queensland Handbook,'1 for the -month of Jone is. to hand. It is the first number of a very useful publication, and may be termed the colonial ' Bradsfa'aw.' .It will prove 'most 'convenient for all travellers'by railway, steamer, coach, or those who intend to visit the Sydney Exhibition. ^Tho book consists of ovcrj 90 pages of closely printed matter, well classified and full of general information. This skeleton map of the tele graph lines is very interesting to travellers. The gnide to Sydney, its harbour and many noble institutions has been carefnlly got op/ and well worth the cost-i-sixpence— of the little book itselfi Tho printers, Messrs. GJ and j. Black, jot Brisbane, deserve credit for their wnrktnauship. We hope the work will be appreciated by tbe public throughout the colony. Several of the 'new arrivals ' havo found employment since their landing. We- would give our latest friends the usual adrico of all experienced colonists : not to hang about town idle, but put their shoulders to tho wheel with out being too particular what labour they go at, nntil they understand the ways of colonial life and custom. Many a good immigrant has been spoiled after landing by expecting too much and feeling the difference between home and colonial life. A little rough lifo at first is worth many a good cheque afterwards. The crushing season is approaching, and work bore' should bo plentiful for the next eight months to come. ; . . IIow tho Khedive of Egypt will manage to remove the serious difficulties which ho. has placed himself into, is a matter that will turn ap iu a day or two. France, Gormany aud Great Britain have resolved upon a joint course of aotion in dealing with the knavish Vicoroy of the Sultan, who has hitherto led a happy and most independent life upon tho convenience of foreign loans. His manner of oxponding loans upon publio buildings and unreproduotive works should bo a warning to colonial governments, i.e., not to 'ovor-shoofc Ningnra,' drivo faster! than LimerioU horses, or roach the height of prosperity all at once. Tho repudiation! of the foreign b mda by tho Egyptian Government rusuitol in tno Khedive's ex chequer being placed in the hnnds of French and British Ministers to rectify the fiuanoies, and bo euro the amount: of British invest ments. A revolt of tho people, and then a coup detat took place in Cairo; The foreign ministers were diapoused with, and! the- Khedive's doorco appointing thorn was ptibliolyCcancellud oh tho bauks of thu Nile, dospito . the order of ?tho Sultan, who de clining to depone him in Turkish fashion, has luft that very disagreeable duty to Great Britaiu, Inconsequence of reusnt events. If war occurs rauoh valuntde British property will he luft at the niorcy of tho Egyptians, until the allies advance or capture Oairo, niid secure the safe , passago of tho Suez Caunl. ? Tho Hon. j Mr, Vivian U British Consul in Egypt just now, but how Lord Bpsconsflold - means to doal with the quoition further fi a matter of doubt, ' Words op Grace,' a religions monthly Magazine, published in Sydney) by Messrs. Corrie, Johnston, of a similar character to . Sunday at Home and Good Words, is to hand this month. The journal is well »ot up in its ? printing, literary matter and illnstratioj s, mid its size has been increased to 4S pages, together with a neatly printed cover. It bears favonrable comparison to magazines of the same kind published, and isja wonder of cheapness — only 7s. 6d. per annum— consider- ing the population of the colonies. | We cannot recommend it enough to our readers, as a pare and sound publication for family use. Prince Napoleon, now heir j to the Im perial throne of France, is the cousin of the late Emperor, and not uncle of the lamented Prince killed by tbe Zulu's in South Africa. Prince Napoleon commanded a French divi sion in the Crimea and an army-{ corps in the Italian war of 1859. ? He is known to be possessed of considerable ability and of a more liberal mind than 'the man of Sedan.' He married the daughter of the) late Victor Emmanuel, and is brother- in-lawjto the King of Italy. We regret that death of the Prince Imperial has not been contradicted, especially, as hq lost his life in (to him) a foreign canse, and. amongst a j savage foe. The details of his death, will .be looked for ward to with anxious interest. j Bo wen is no longer .'to be the- head quarters ? of Inspector Armstrong,' be having been instructed to remove his office to Townsville, where the member for that aspiring city appears to be. centralising all the plums in the Northern podding. Bowen will now be protected' by a sergeant and two . coustables. The rumour is incorrect that Mr. McMillan, Engiueer of Roads for the Northern district will Bo removed to ToVtmsville. . We also hear - that the district Inspector of Roads, Mjackay, will, hot yet come within the inexorable demands of retrenchment. ? The Bowen j people are not altogether comfortable in the thought, that all the. other government joffices may. soon leave for Townsville, followed by the removal of the Supreme Court and -the Bishops 'palace.' Until the trhe working of the ' proposed - Divisional Boards Bill . and Financial Districts Bill- have been tried, Government should not make thbse. changes with nndae haste. ; I We have to acknowledge receipt of Coo-e-e for ' this month. It is* well printed* and contains a choice selection of literary matter in the phonetic style. An illustration of the Melbonriie celebrity, Charles. Bright, . is truthful and full of character. / At the Communion Service in the Church of England to- morrow forenoon, the Caran dini company will assist in the choral service. 