WHITE'S ROOMS. D'Arcy Beid's spectral'illusions were repeated on Monday night in White's Booms to a rather limited attendance of ghost seers. The entertainment, clever in parts, is not of a nature calculated to create a sensation of awe, as the spectral visitations partake more of the ridiculous than the sublime, somewhat after the fashion ef so-called spiritual manifestations. As many of the jokes are entitled to the toleration and respect usually accorded to extreme and helpless old age, it would be as well "to introduce a few with more spirit and "spring" in them, and then the intervals between the visions would perhaps prove _less_ irksome. The scene of "TheKnight Watching his Armour" has the elements of -romance about it and might be made very effective, as the scenery is-creditable and the general idea good ;"but the gallant knight himself, who by-the-way sits on a' plain honest modern kitohen chair, is not equal to dumb- show acting, and- thereby -rather spoils what might be made.a really neat little scene. In the place -of the Phantom - ChriBtys ghastly 1 Chinese dancing figores were introduced, and went through a serks of clever transformations, .which took the spectators by surprise and elicited applause. The -whole closed with a very amusing spectral monologue entitled " The Haunted House," in which -some engenious optical illusions were carried out with a great degree of success, the final scene being especially laughable and having the effect of sending the people away in a merry humour. The main fault about the whole performance is the tameness of the monologue, the mechanical contrivances being far from bad. The performance will be repeated to-night. ACADEMY or Music.—A special bill was presented :at tbe Academy of Music on Monday night, July 28, for the benefit of the " original members" -of -the Company who have, lately betn playing there under a losiug engagement to Mr. J. E. Fulton, the lessee, now insolvent, tbe immediate object-being to enable?them to leave Adelaide for their respective - homes in the adjoining colonies. Tbe attendance was rather poor; and tbe receipts"amounted substantially to £1S only, 'which we are informed will leave but" a few shillings over after paying the expenses." - The entertain-' merit began with the drama entitled " Aurora l''io,yc." v.Inch-was performed by the company Miss Marion Mead way took the title-role, wliik Mr. George Melville personated John Hellish, Mr. Eeverley Jem Conyors, aad Mr. West Tue- Softy, jand "tiie other characters were in .lessee -degree pf merit performed, by tile other members of the company. "The audience generally seemed well pleased, bnt one or two persons in the gallery made themselves obnoxious by hissing from tlie ou tse t. Miss Meadw*y called for their. expulsion, and the ringleader was at a subsequent stage bundled out by the policeman ou duty. This occurred after Mr.- Melville- had come before tbe curtain and rjturned thanks to. the audience for their attendance. In- the course »f bis speech he pointedly referred to Mr. Fulton F.S having shamefully "and disgracefully fused the company. Lieut. . Herman then appeared in bis vectriloqnial sketch of funny people, which took the house immensely, and at the close he received a unammoK.s call before the curtain. 1'oltowiug this Mr. W. J. Holioway and Miss Carry (ieorge appeared in the comedietta of " Tbe Happy P;iir." When they came on the st>ge ihey were very warmly greeted, and theic clever performance was greatly enjoyed. The orchestra wss principally composed of Mr. W. H. Thompson's Diorama brass band, whose services wiere much appreciated. 