(?Mginal »M*. THE ADVENrDRES OF BAR NEY McEASY. Related by Himself. (Concluded from our last.) Chapter IV. Next morning Maggie informed me her ladyship had had a bad night of it, and she had to sleep with her, she being frightened to sleep by herself. * Well, Maggie,' says I, ' how did ye enjoy yer sleep with her ladyship ?' ????/ Ah, ireel, mon, she slepit like a body with an evil conscience, dreaming maist awful, and even going to the length of , - , pummelling me in ner dreams, jl waana \- sleep wi' her again if I could help it.' . Her ladyship- sent foe me afther breakfast, and axed me had I seen him, meaning the ghost of her late husband. - * Yes,' says I, ' and he tdald me that ye had murthered him to get all he had ; that the inquest held over his body was a sham, got up for the purpose of mis leading justice; that the truth would come ont ; that he had no relations ; that he had made no will ; and that ye are to give up all ye possess, except the thrifles that are actually yer own, to me — he has made me heir to all his property, real and personal, as a just punishment for causing his death, and abusing and illtrating me and others in yer sarvice.' ' And will that satisfy him, do you think ?' * I don't know,' says I ; ' but he'll be afther giving me further instructions when he appears to me again, depend upon it.' 1 You don't mean to say that you'll take all from me, man ?' * Sure and I'm bound to do as I'm ordered by the ghost ; it's not a thing to be trifled with ; I might lose all by disobeying him.' Next morning I came out in me new suit — I was a great man now. Of course I had more to tell her about me great benefactor the ghost. I had not long to wait ; she soon appeared to hear the rest. * Did you see him last night ? c To be sure I did,' saya I ; * and he tould me that ye had decavei him shame fully ; that ye married him for his money, and ye were no lady; that ye were the most inhuman creature alive ; and now ye're to pay the penalty of 3'er bad deeds — ye're to have three days* notice to leave.' She went off without saying a word to me. I now put the horses in tha carriage, and made up me mind to drive Maggie over to see me swateheait, and tell her of me good fortune. 'Maggie,' says I, * get on yer best elothes ; I'm going to take ye out for a drive.' * nooc, mon, ao ye no ttnnfc ye re gaua too far?' * The divil a fear,' says I ; * the ghost has made me his heir ; sure and the whole consarn's mine. Ye have nothing to do with her now ; ye rt- the servant of Lord Barney McEasy, and ye'H have a a rale good master. I'm going to see me swateheart, and I'll introduce ye to her.' At this piece of news I thought she looked displeased. ' Tut, iron, I maun decline the honor ; yer swateheart would be jealous.' * By no means would she, Maggie, me hinney ; I'll explain to her.' So she consented, and away we went and enjoyed the ride rale well, We came to Biddy's quarters without any mishap, I got down and knocked at the front door of the house, and a fine big gentleman came to the door and bowed politely to me, and I returned the compliment as well as I was able. * Is there such a person ia your sar vice as Miss Biddy Muldrone.' * There is,' saya he ; ?* she's cook here.' 4 Can I see her for a minute ?' said I. * Of course you can,' he replied ; walk in and take a seat, and I'll inform lier a gentleman desires to ppeak to her.' 4 Lord Barney McEasy, at yer sarvice,' savs I. « I've fallen heir to a fine pro Vtvty near herej' says I, ' and I've come to live on me estates. Of course ye don't knoiv me, sir.' * No,' says he ; ' quite a stramer.' When Biddy appeared he politely re tired. * Och, B irney, is it you, me jewel ? I was fearing ye had desarted me in tireiv.' * No fear of that, me hinney,' says I ; 1 But [*ve gone through thriaU and ihroublfts enough to kill an ordinary man. But it'n all over now ; I've risen all at waust from a coachman to a lord — I're fallen lieir to a splendid piece of property through a streak^of good luck, And ye're to come wirb -me at wanst and jtet married. We'll -call on Father O'fiourke on our way back.'1 ?Och/ says Biddy, ? sure and I can't get joined in holy matrimony in .me old clo'bes.' , .. . * To be sure not, me darlint ; we are goinj? to orther yer wedding gear at wans'. There's a flhop nearby; and Maggie will- help ye to^thry.thena on.' .'.Who's Maggie?1 says Biddy ^Ojsh, she's Ihe servant girl at the p' ace* where I was-coaehraan ; and I am greatly indebted to her for her kindness to me when I couldn't help oneself. I intend her to be yer lady's maid. Qo and fell yer master that ye'll have to lave lm narvice at wanst.* ?..-?..? * Bur he'll not -be witling to part with me ; I'll have to give k week's pbticeto leave.* - . .' , ?. „ ....-, . \- rtot ai an, bays 1 , yo 11 : :ue- aimer telling hi jn that Lord Barney McEaey requires ver services, and would' he oblige chat gentleman. In carse ye can tell him yer soih^ to be inarried . if ye like; he's sure to let ye go. Be a ick, Maggie, or I'll think something's iiupaenei to w.' 'Och, Barney, sure yer only playing a joke on me ; spake the rale truth now. How could you have riz all at wanst to. be a lord? -Ye never tould me yer father was a lord. Is he dead lately, and have ye succeeded to his title and estate?' ; * Be the powers I'm spaking the rale thruth ; I'm a lord. There's no time to explain to ye now. Rake up all. ye have got worth bringing. Lare the old rags ; they'll never be wanted. Don't forget to tell yer master I'll get him a good cook in yer place.' The business, was soon settled, and off we went to the coach. iWoll 'Matrnio. A\H v« think. we were never coming ?' « Deed I did. I thocht ye'd lost yer way to the coach.' *Now I'm going to introduce ye to ach other in rale quality style. Now yer to stand opposite ach other, and when I spake yer to nod to ach other. Biddy Muldrone, Maggie Dundare; that's right— ye've done it rale well ; yer apt scholars to lam.' We mounted the coach, and drove to a milliner's shop to get a good wedding suit for this lady and all that is required, and I pointed to Biddy in her old clothes. * The very best thing,' says I. * Don t stare as if ye thought ye couldn't be paid ; I'm alord. Do ye hear that ?' 4 T beg your pardon, my lord.' « To be sure,' says I, ' ye have a right to do so, and be quick now, for we're in a hurry.' Is there a jeweller's shop near here ?' says I. 'Two doors from here,' says the woman that stared so hard. ' I'll be afther going for the jewellery while yer fitting on the wedding affair.' I walked into the sbop with the air of a great man: ' Show me some of yer best jewellery, wedding-rings, brooches, &c; ' With pleasure, sir.' I soon suited uieself, paid for them, and on me return was pleased to find the ladies in full dress uniform, and looking very bewitching. * Och, me hinney, sure and ye'll give me a kisa for all these fine things.' * To be sure,' says she, at the same time setting a mouth oat like a — well I don't know what. ' Don't stick out yer lips so far, me jewel, for fear of me bitiag them off for love of ye.1 'Och, Barney, now yer very insulting ; will ve's lave off hard jokes ?' ' I'd nearly forgot to ax ye if ye had yer hair suitably dressed for the occasion.' * Deed and we'd no time,* says Maegie.* * Ave coorse ye hadn't ;.. never mind, ye'H do fine; the priest will never notice it, and there's nobody to see ye's.' W« arrived st the house of his rever ence in good time, snd were lucky to find him at home. The rev. gentleman came to the door himself; no daubt he'd seen us through the windy, and saw we were people of quality. ' I've come to be married,' says I, ' in me best style of manners.' His reverence smiled and returned a polite bow, and we proceeded to business without delay. There will be no occasion to repeat the ceremony. Ye know all about that. Maggie made a fine bridesmaid, but I thought she looked as if she'd rather bave been the bride herself, dear crature. Paix, I was sorry meself that I couldn't have the both of them. It was greed v of me to be sure, but faith I couldn't help them both, being in love with one at wanst. Sure there ought to be a law made to suit such cases. If two girls fall in love with one man sure it would only be fair that he should have them;, It would prevent a deal of sorrow and disappointment ; and the Mormons are the only people that ? have a sensible notion of that same difficulty, but I am wandering from the subject intirely. The ceremony was gone through fine. The only mishap that occurred was I in me hurry, put the ring on the wrong finger. There was no body to give Biddy the first kiss. It was a struggle between the priest and meself. His reverence was a little too quick for me, and I was obliged to look on submissively. I was not jealous, knowing it was a cus tom for any body present to try and secure the first kiss; however I was rale glad when.. it was all over, and we made a start off home, where we arrived s*fely about four o'clock. 'Now, Maggie,' Bays I, 'go and see if yer late missus is in — stop me hinney, X?ll help ye's to alight, I'd nearly forgot me good manners.' Maggie soon returned bringing intelligence that her ladyship had decamped leaving every thing in confusion. * Never mind,' says I, ' we'll soon put all to rights. Now, Maggie, &ure; and you'll lead us straight to the old jade's bedroom, and ? having arrived ; there, NJagwie saw. a letter on the dressing table, and handed the epistle to me ; I examined it, and sure it had a queer addre s on it, as follows— r-* To the vagabond that has got my property.' I knew it was meant for me, and I opened it at wanst, and read with great recrea tion, it ran thus. — ? * This: is to inform you that .if you expect to find nay money you will: be dissappoinled, I had .£2,000 in the house when you went ' away, -and, there -is' .£50,000 in the Batik, and I am going to draw 'it.f 'Woulfl'p't you jik.e jto . knp«v what Bank ibe money is deposited in, and where I am to he found- ? - : ; -.. ? , : .* Adieu, you stupid hog,* ? - We were all completely speechless »nd dumbfounded at this piece- of ill luck. * Och, sure and we made a great mistake in laving the old hag by herself — 'ejabera I've a great mind to go in pur suit of her on the long-legged nag.' \- * Hoot, mon, do ye no ken what yer talking about, sic a wild goose chase, wpu'd be a fool 'a errand, you've no clue to where she's gaun, take my advice and be satisfied with what ye have.' '.Sure, and yer right, she's not worth going afther, but what a power of money she's taken off.' 4 Well,' says Biddy, who had remained ed silent until now, ? we'd better be con tent with the property, no doubt it's enough to kape us in fine style, this is a fine house.' ... ' p . . ♦ Yer right, me hinhy, let us take it aisv, sure it's no use graving over spilt milk.' 'There's one thing says Biddy that ye never thought of.' * What's that,' says I. ' Sure, and she inay return with a regiment of soldiers and .turn us out.' 'Never ye's fear,' says I, 'she dare'nt do it, let her thry it, would'nt I be even with her.' ' What would ye do in sic a case,' re plied Maggie.' ♦ Sure, and I would give her in charge for the wilful murther of her husband.' ' No, no, she's too old in the horn to risk her life even to regain this fine estate, no, me hinneys, ye may rest aisv in yer minds, she's played her last card.' The next day 1 engaged a coachman, cook, and general servant, and next day we had a drive round the estate, 1 found the tenant's cottages out of repair, and I was forced to listen to some awful .tales of neglect and distress, which I promised to rectify in due time. We then re turned home, well satisfied with the pro pertv. Having engaged a steward to superintend the management of the affairs, collect rents, &c;, and make im provements where required, and so on, I found to my great' delight that her ladvship had not collected the rents, and in looking over the rent roll, the steward had informed me that there would bft more than sufficient to pay all deb's, and sufficient to carry us over next rent day, which made us all merry and joy ful, and I resolved to give me tenants a rale treat, a good dinner, and a ball to wind up with. In concludiag me story I may say that we all lived very happy together. Maggie never left us, but marriid the steward. Mv familv con sists of a boy and a girl, Barney and Biddy. Barney is now studying for the law, a profession that he chose for him- i self. The ghost never appeared to me since her ladyship left, which means that the old man is at rest ; but we drink his health in a bumper very often. Her ladyship has never been heard of since the day of her departure. . The End. 