A STORY OP THE LATIN - QUARTER. " He is one of the Americans," his fellow locataires said among themselves. "Poor and alone in bad health. A queer fellow." Having made this reply to those who ques tioned tbem, tbey were in the habit of dis missing the subject lightly. After all it was nothing to them, since he had never joined their circle. They were a gay, good-natured lot, and made a point of regarding life as airily as possible, and taking each day as it came with fantastic good cheer. The house — which stood in one of the shabbiest corners in the Latin Quarter— was full of them from floor to garret— artists, students, models, French, English, Americans, living all of them merrily, and by no means the most regular of lives. But there were . good friends amoug them ; their world was their ewn, and they found plenty of sympathy in their loves and quarrels, their luck and ill-luck. Upon the whole there was more ill-luck than luck. Lucky men. did not choose for their head. quarters su»h places as this rather dilani- dated building, — tbey could afford to go elsewhere, to placea where the Quarter was better, where the stairs were less rickety, the passages less dark and the concierge not given to chronic intoxication. Here came the unlucky ones, whose ill-luck was of various orders and degrees : the young ones who were some day to paint pictures which would be seen in the Palai3 de l'lndustrie, and would be greeted with acclamations by an appreciative public ; the older ones who had painted pictures which had been seen at the Palais de l'lndustrie, and had not been appreciated at all ; the poets whose sonnets were of too subtle an order to reach the common herd ; the students who had lived beyond the means allowed them by their highly respectable families, and who were consequently, somewhat off colour in the eyes of the respectable families in question — these and others of the same class, all more or less poor, more or less out at elbows, and more or less in debt. And yet, as I have said, they lived gaily. They painted, and admired or criticised, each other's pictures.; they lent and borrowed with equal freedom ; they bemoaned their wrongs loudly, and sang and laughed more loudly still as the mood seized them ; aud any special ill- fortune befalling one of tbeir number generally aroused a display of sympathy which, though it might not last long, was always a source of consolation to the luckless one. But the American, notwithstanding he had been in the house for months had never he- come one of them. He had been seen in the early spring going up the stairway to his room, which was a mere garret on the sixth story, and it had been expected among them that in a day or so he would present himself for inspection. . But this he did not do, and when he encountered any of their number in his out-goings or in -comings he returned their greetings gently in imperfect French. He spoke slowly and with difficulty, but there was no coldness in his voice or manners, and yet none got much further than the greeting. He was a young fellow, scarcely of middle height, frail in figure, hollow- chested, and with a gentle face and soft, deeply set, dark eyes. That he worked hard and lived barely it was easy enough to discover. Part of each day he spent in the various art galleries and after his return from these visits he was seen no more until the following morning. " Until the last ray of light disappears he is at his easel," said a young student whom a gay escapade had temporarily banished to the fifth floor. " I hear liim move now and then and cough. He has a villainous cough." " He is one of the enthusiasts," said an other, " One can read it in his face. What fools they are— these enthusiasts ! They throw away life that a crown of laurel may be laid upon their coffins." In the summer some of them managed to leave Paris, and the rest had enough to do to organise their little excursions and make the best of the sunshine, shade and warmth. But when those who had been away returned and all settled down for the winter, they found the "American," as they called hint, in his old place. He had not been away at all ; he had worked as hard as ever through midsummer heat and autumn rain ; he was frailer in figure, his clothes were more worn, his face was thinner and his eyes far too hollow and bright, but he did not look either discouraged or uuhappy. "How does he live?" exclaimed the con cierge, dramatically. " The good God knows 1 He eats nothing, he has no fire, he wears the clothing of midsummer — he paints — he paints — he paints 1 Perhaps that is enough for hiuu It would not be for me." At this time — jast as the winter entered with bleak winds and rains and falls of powdery snow — there presented herself among them an arrival whose appearance created a sensation. One night, on his way upstairs, the American found himself confronted on the fourth . floor by a flood of light streaming through the open door of a before nnoccupied room. It was a small room, meagrely furnished, but there was a fire in it, and half- a-dozen people who laughed and talked at the top of their voices. Five of them were men he had seen before, — artists who lived iu the house, — but the sixth was a woman whom he had never seen, and whose mar vellous beauty held him spell -bound where he stood. She was a woman of twenty-two or three, with an oval faoe whose fairness was the fairness of ivory. She was dark-eyed and low- browed, and, as she leaned forward npon the table and looked up at the man who; spoke to her, even the bright glow of the lamp, which burned directly before her face, showed no flaw in either tint or outline. " Why Bhould we ask the reason ofrvonr return?" said the man. "Let us rejoice that you are here." " I will tell you the reason," she answered, without lowering her eyes. " I was tired." A good reason," was the reply. She pushed her chair back and stood .upright; her hands hung at her sides ; the men were all looking vit her; she smiled down at them with full irony. " Who among you wishes to paint me ?" she said. " I am again at your service, and I am not less handsome than I was." Then there arose among them a little rapturous murmur, and somehow it broke the spell which had rested upon the man outside. He started, shivered slightly, and turned away. He went up to the bare cold ness of his own room and sat down, forget ting. that it was cither cold or bare. Suddenly, as he looked at the woman's upturned face, a great longing had seized upon him. "I should like to paint you — I," he found himself saying to the silence about him. " If I might paint you !" He Jieard the next day who she was. The concierge was ready enough to give him more information than he had asked. " Mademoiselle Natalie Monsieur means," he said ; " a handsome girl that ; a celebrated model. They all knew her. Her face has been the foundation of more than one great picture. There are not many like her. One model has this beauty— another that ; but she, mon Dieu, she has all. A great creature, Mademoiselle." Afterward, as the days went by, he found that she sat often to the other artists. Some times he saw her as she went to their rooms or came away; sometimes he caught a glimpse of her as he passed her open door, and each time there stirred afresh within him the longing he had felt at first. So it came about that one afternoon, as she came out of a studio in which she had been giving a sit ting, she found waiting outside for her the thinly clad, frail figure of the American. He made an egaer yet hesitant step forward, and began to speak awkwardly in French. She stopped him. "Speak English," she said, " I know it well." " Thank you, "he answered, simply, "that is a great relief. My French is so bad. I am here to ask a great favour from you, aud I am sure I could not ask it well in French." ' ' What is the favour ?' ' she inquired, look ing at him with some wonder. He was a new type to her, with his quiet directness of speech and his gentle manner.' " I have heard that you are a professional model," he replied, " and I have wished very much to paint what — what I see in your face. I have wished it from the first hour I saw you. The desire haunts me. But I am a very poor man; I have almost nothinar : I cannot pay you what the rest do. To-day I : came to the desperate resolve that I would throw myself upon your mercy — that I would ask you to sit to me, and wait until better fortune comes." She stood still a moment and gazed at him. " Monsieur," she said, at length, "are you so poor as that ?" _He coloured a little, but it was not as if with shame. " Yes," he answered, " I am very poor. I have asked a great deal of you, have I not?" . J She gave him still another long look. "No," she said. " I. will come to you to-morrow if you will direct me to your room." "It is on the sixth floor," he replied ; "the highest of all. It is a hare little place." "I will come," she said, and. was turning away when he stopped her. "1 — I should like to tell you how grateful I am — " he began. " There is no need," she responded, with bitter lightness. " You will pay me some day — when you are a great artist." But when 8be reached the next landing she glanced down and saw that he still stood beneath, watching her. The next day she kept her word and went to him. She found his room poorer and barer even than she had fanoied it might be. The ceiling was low and slanting, and in one corner stood a narrow iron bed stead, in another a wooden table ; in the best light the small window gave bis easel was placed with a chair before it. When he had opened the door in answer to her summons, and she saw all this, she glanced quickly at his face to see if there was any shade of confusion upon it, but there was dodo. He appeared only rejoiced and eager. " I felt sure it was you," he said. "Were you then so Bure that I would come ?" she asked. " You said you would," he answered. He placed her as he wished to paint her, and then sat down to his work. In a few moments he was completely absorbed in it. For a long time he did not speak at all. The ntter silence which reigned — a silence which was not only a suspension of speech but a suspension of any other thought be yond his task — was a new experience to her. His cheek flushed, his eyes burned dark and bright ; it seemed as if he scarcely breathed. When he turned to look at her she was conscious each time of a sudden thrill of feeling. More than once he paused for several moments, brush and palette in hand, simply watching her face. . At one of these pauses she herself broke the silence. "Why do you look at me so ?" she asked. "You look at me as if — as if — " And she broke, off with an uneasy little laugh. He roused himself with a slight start and coloured sensitively, passing his hand across his forehead. " What I want to paint is not always in your face," he answered. " Sometimes Hose it, and then I must wait a little until — until I find it again. It is not only your face I want, it is yourself— yourself !" And he made a sudden unconscious gesture with his hands. She tried to laugh again — hard and lightly as before. — but failed. "Myself!" she said.1 " Mon Dieu ! Do not grasp at me, Monsieur.' It will not pay you. Paint my flesh, my hair, my eyes— they are good — but do not paint me." He looked troubled. "I am afraid my saying that sounded stilted," he returned. " I explained myself poorly. It is not easy for me to explain myself well." "I understood you," she said; "and I have warned you-" They did not speak to eaoh other again during the whole sitting except onoe, when he asked her if she was warm enough. " I have, a fire, to-day," he said. " Have you not always a fire ?" she asked. " No," he answered, with a smile; "but when you come there will always be one." "Then," she said, "I will come often, that I may save you from death." " Oh !" he replied ; " it is easier than you think to forget that one is oold," " Yes," she returned. "And it is easier than you think for one to die." When she was going away she made a movement toward the easel, but he stepped, her. " Not yet," he said. " Not just yet." She drew back. "I have never cared to look at myself before," she said. " I do not know why I should care now. Perhaps," with the laugh again, "it is that I wish to see what : you will make of me :" ; Afterward, as she sat over her little porcelain stove in her room below, she scarcely comprehended her own inood. "He is not like the rest," she said. " He knows nothing of the world. He is one of the good. He cares only for his art. How simple, and kind, and pure I The little room is like a saint's cell." And then, suddenly, 'she. flung her arms out wearily, with a heavy sigh. " Ah, Dieu /" she said, " how dull the :day is ! The skies are lead." A few days later she gave a sitting to an 'old artist, whose name was Masson, and she found that he had heard of what had hap pened. "And so you sit to the American?" he said. "Yes." "Well, and you find him ?" " I find him," she repeated after him. " Shall I tell you what I find him?" " I shall listen with delight." "I find him — a soul! You and I, my friend— and the rest of us — are bodies; be is a soul!" The artist began to whistle softly as he painted. " It is dangerous work,", he said at length, " for womeD to play with souls." " That is true," she answered, coldly. The same day she went again to the room on the sixth floor. She sat again through an hour of silenoe, in whioh the American painted eagerly, now and then stopping to regard her with searching eyes. "But not as the rest regard me," she said to herself. " He forgets that it is a woman who sits here. He sees only what he would paint." As time went by, this fact, which always felt, was in itself a fascination. In the chill, calm atmosphere of the place there was repose for her. She found nothing to resent, nothing to steel herself against, she need no longer think of herself at all. She had time to think of the man in whose presence she sat. From the first she had seen something tonching in his slight, stoop ing figure, thin young face and dark woman ish eyes, and after she had heard the simple uneventful history of his life, she found them more touching still. He was a New Euglander, the last sur viving representative of a frail and short lived family. His parents had died young, leaving him quite alone, with a mere pit tance to depend upon, and throughout his whole life he had oherished but one aim. "When I was a child I used to dream of coming here," he said, " and as I grew older I worked and straggled for it. I knew I must gain my end some day, and the time came when it was gained." " And this is the end ?" she asked, glano- ing round at the poor place. " This is all of lifejrou desire ?" Jtie did not look up at her. " It is all I have," he answered. She wondered if he would not ask her some questions regarding herself, but he did not. "He does not care to know," she thought, sullenly. And then she told herself that he did know, and a mocking devil of a smile settled on her lips, and was there when he turned toward her again. But the time never came when his manner altered, when he was less candid and gentle, or less grateful for the favour she was be stowing upon him. . She scarcely knew how it was that she first began to know the sound of his foot upon the stair-way and to listen for it. Her earliest consciousness of it was when once she awakened snddenly out of a dead sleep at night and found herself sitting upright with her hand upon her heavily throbbing heart. " What is it !" she cried, in a loud whis per. Bat she spoke only to herself and the darkness. She knew what it was and did not lie down again .until the footsteps bad reached the top of the last flight and the door above had opened and closed. Tbe time arrived when there was scarcely a trifling incident in his every-day life which escaped her. She saw each sign of his poverty and physical weakness. He grew paler day by day. There were days when his step flagged as he went up and down the staircase ; some mornings he did not go out at all. She discovered that each Sanaay he went twice to the little American church in the Rue de Berri, and she had seen in the room a small Protestant Bible. " You read tuat ?" she asked him, when she first saw it. " Yes." She leaned forward, her look curious, be wildered, even awed, And yOll blie vq .in — QuCl f " Yes." She resumed her former position but sbe did not remove her eyes from his face, and unconsciously she put her hand up to her swelling throat. When at length the sitting was over and she left her chair, he was standing before tbe easel. He turned to her and spoke hesi tantly. "Will you come and look at it?" he asked. She .went and stood where he bade her and looked. He watched her anxiously while she did so. For the first moment there was amazement in her face, then some mysterious emotion he could not comprehend — a dull red crept slowly over her brow and cheek. She turned npon him; "Monsieur!" she oried, passionately. " You mock me ! It is a bad picture." He fell baok a pace, staring at her and suddenly trembling with the shock. "A bad picture !" he echoed. " I mock you— I ?" " It iB my face," she said, pointing to it, " but you have made it what I am not I It is the face of a good woman— of a woman who might be a saint ! Does hot that mock me ?" He turnod to it'with a troubled, dreamy look. ' ; " It lis what I have seen in your face," he said, in a soft, absent voice. It is a truth to me. It is what I have seen." " It is what no other has seen,", she said. " I tell you it mocks me." " It need not mook you," he answered. " I could not have painted it if I had not felt it. It is yourself — yourself." "Myself?" she said. " Do you think, Monsieur, that the men who have painted me before would know it ?" She gave it another glance, and a' shrill laugh burst from her, but the next instant it broke off and ended in another sound. She fell upon her knees by the empty chair, her open hands fluDg outward, her sobs strang ling her. He stood qnito near her, looking down. " I have not thought of anything but my work," lie said. " Why should I?" The following Sunday night the artist met in going down -stairs a closely-veiled figure coming up. He knew it and spoke. " What, Natalie ?" he said. "You? One might fancy you had been to ohurch." "I have been," she returned, in a cold voioe— " to the ohurch of the Americans in the Rue de Berri." He shrugged his shoulders. " Has it done you good ?" he asked. "No," she answered, and walked pasthim, leaving him to look after her' and think the matter over. She went to her own apartment and locked herself in. Having done so, she lighted every candle and lamp— flooding the plaoe with a garish mockery of brightness. She : sang as she did it — a gay, shrill air from some opera bouffe. She tore off her dark veil and wrappings. Her eyes and oheeks flamed as if touched by some unholy fire. She moved with feverish rapidity here and there — dragging a rich dress from a trunk, and jewels and laces from their places of safe keeping, and began to attire herself in them. The simple black robe she had worn to the chapel lay on the floor. As she moved to and fro she set her feet npon it again and again, and as she felt it beneath her tread a harsh smile touched her lips. " I shall not wear you again," she stopped h er song onoe to say. In half-an-hour she had made her toilette. She stood before her glass, a blaze of colour and jewels. For a moment she sang no more. From one of the roonis below there floated up to her sounds of riotous merriment. " This is myself," she said ; " this is no other." She opened her door and ran down the staircase swiftly and lightly, The founder of the feast whose sounds she had heard was a foolish young fellow who adored her madly. He was rioh, and wicked, and simple. Beoause he had heard of her return he had taken an apartment in the house. She heard his voice above the voices of the rest. In a moment she had flung open the door of the salon aud stood upon the threshold. At sight of her there arose a raptnrous shout of delight. " Natalie I Natalie 1 Welcome!" But instantaneously it died away. One second Bhe stood there, brilliant, smiling, defiant. The next, they saw that a mysterious change had seized upon her. She had become deathly white, aud was waving them from her with a wild gesture. "Iam not coming!" she cried, breath lessly. "No! No! No!" Aud the next instant they could only gaze at eaoh others' terror-stricken faces, at the place she had left vacant — for she was gone She went up the stairs blindly and uncer tainly. When she reaohed the turn of the fourth floor, where the staircase was bare and unlighted, she staggered and sank against the balustrades, her faoe upturned. " I cannot go back," Bhe whispered to the darkness and Bilenoe above. " Do you hear ? I cannot ! And it iB you — you who restrain me 1" But there were no traces of her passion in her face when she went to the little studio the next day as usual. When the artist opened the door for her, it struck him that she was calm even to coldness. Instead of sitting down, she went to the easel and Btood before it. " Monsieur," she said, "I have discovered where your mistake lies. You have tried to paint what you fancied must ouce have existed, though it exists no longer. That is your mistake. It has never existed at all. I remember no youth, no childhood. Life began for me as it will end. It was my fate that it should. I was born in the lowest quarter of Paris. I knew only poverty, brutality, and crime. My beauty simply raised me beyond their power. Where should I gain what you have insisted in bestowing upon me ?" He simply stood still and looked at her. " God knows !" he answered, at length. " I do not." " Godl" she returned, with her bitter little laugh. "Yes — God!" Then she went to her place and said no more. But the next Sunday she was at the American chapel again, and the next, and the next. She could scarcely have told why herself. She did not believe the doctrines Bhe heard preached, and she did not expect to be converted to belief in' them. Often, as tbe service proceeded, a faint smile of de rision curved her lips.; but from her seat in the obscure corner she had okosen she could see a thin, dark face and a stooping figure and could lean back against the wall wfth a sense of repose. " It is quiet here," was her thought. " One can be quitt, aud that is much.'' " What is the matter with liar ?" the men who knew her began to ask one another. But it was not easy lor them to discover how tbe subtle okaDge they saw bad been wrought. They were used to her caprices and to occa sional fits of sulienness, but tbey had never seen her in just such a mood as she was now. Sbe would bear no jests from ihein, slie would not join in their gayeties. Sometimes for days together she shut herself up in her room aud tbey did not see her at all. The picture progressed but slowly. Some times tbe artist's baud so tremoted witb weakness suae ne could not proceed with his work. More than once Natalie saw the brush suddenly fall from hi3 neiveless fingers. He was very weak in these days, and the spot of hectic red glowed brightly on his cheek. "Iam a poor fellow at best," he would say to her, " and now I am at my worst. I am afraid I shall be obliged to rest sooner than I fancied. I wish first I could have finished my work. I must not leave it un finished." One morning, when he had been obliged to give up painting, through a sudden fit of prostration, on following her to the door, he took her hand and held it a moment. " I was awake all last night," he said. "Yesterday I saw a poor fellow who had fallen ill on the street, carried into the H6tel Dieu, and the memory cluDg to me. I began to imagine how it would be if such a thing happened to me — what I should say when tbey asked for my friends,— how there would be none to send for. And at" last, suddenly I thought of you. -I said to myself, ' I would send for her, and I think she would come.' " "Yes, Monsieur," she answered. "You might depend upon my coming." " I am used to being alone," he went on ; " but it seemed to me, as I lay in the dark' thinking it over, that to die alone would be a different matter. One would want some familiar face to look at — " "Monsieur!", she burst forth. "You speak as if Death were always near you 1" "Do I ?" he said. And he was silent for a few seconds and looked down at- her hand as he held it. Then he dropped it gently with a little sigh. " Good-bye," he said, and so they parted. In the afternoon she sat to Masson. How much longer," he said to her in the course of the sitting — "how much longer does he mean to live— this American ? He has lasted astonishingly. They are wonder ful fellows, these weaklings, who burn them selves out. One might fancy that the flame which finally destroys them, also kept them alive." "Do you. then think that he is so very ill ?" she asked, in a low voice. "He will go out," he answered,. "like a candle. Shall I tell you a secret?" She made a gesture of assent. "He starves! The concierge who has watched him says he does not buy food enough to keep body and soul together. But how is one to offer him auytking ? It is easy to see that he would not take it." There was a moment of silence, in whioh he went on painting. " The trouble is," he said, at last, " that a man would not know how to approach him; It is only women who can do these things." Until the sitting was over, neither the one nor tbe other spoke again. When it was over, and Natalie was on the point of leaving the room, Masson looked at her oriti- oally. "You are pale," he remarked. " You are like a ghost." " Is it not becoming ?" she asked. "Yes."; 1 " Then .why complain ?" She went to her own room and spent half- an-hour in collecting every valuable she owned. They were not many ; she had al ways been recklessly improvident. She put together in a package her few jewels, and even the laces she considered worth the most. Then she went out, and, taking- a Jtacre at the nearest corner, drove away. She was absent two hours, and when she returned Bhe stopped at the entrance, intend ing to ask the concierge a question. But the man himself spoke first. He was evidently greatly disturbed and not a little alarmed. " Mademoiselle," he began, " the young man on the sixth floor—" " What of him ?" she demanded. " He desires to see yon He went out in spite of my warniugs. Figure to yourself on such a day, in such a state of health. He returned almost immediately, wearing the look of Death itself. He sank upon the first Btep of the staircase. When I rushed to his assistance he held to his lips a handkerchief stained with blood 1 We were compelled to carry him upstairs." She stood a moment, feeling her throat and lips suddenly become dry and parched. "And he asked— forme?" she said, atlast. " When he wonld speak, Mademoiselle — yes. We do not know why. He said, in a very faint voioe, ' She said she would come.' " She went up the staircase slowly and me- obanioally, as one who moves in a dream. And yet when she reaohed the door of the studio she was obliged to wait for a few seconds before opening it. When she did open it she saw the attio seemed even more cold and bare than usual ; that there was no fire ; that the American lay upon the bed, his eyes closed, the hectic spots faded from his cheeks. But when she approached and stood near him," he opened his eyes and looked at her with a faint smile. " If — I play you — the poor triok of — dying," he said, " you will remember — that the picture — if you care for it — iB yours." After a while, the dootor, who had been sent for, arrived. Perhaps he had been in no great hurry when he had heard that his services were required by an artist who lay in a garret in the Latin Quarter. His visit was a short one. He asked a few questions, wrote a prescription, and went away. He looked at Natalie oftener than at the sick man. She followed him out on to the land ing, and then he regarded her with greater interest than before. "Is he very ill ?" she said. "Yes," he answered. "He will die, of oourse, sooner or later." " You speak calmly, Monsieur," she said. "Such cases are an old story," he replied. " And — you are not his wife ?" "No." " I thought not. Nevertheless, perhaps you will remain with him until — " " As Monsieur says," she returned, " I will remain with him until—' " When the sick man awoke from the sleep into which he had fallen, a fire burned in the stove and a woman's figure was seated before it. " You are here yet ?" he said, faintly. She rose and moved toward him. "I am not going away," she answered, " if you will permit me to remain." His eyes shone with pathetio brightness, and he put out his hand. "You are very kind — to a poor— weak fellow," he whispered. " After all— it is a desolate ; thing — to lie awake through the night— in a place like this." When the dootor returned the next morn ing he appeared even a shade disconcerted. He had thought it quite likely that, upon his second visit, he might find a scant white sheet drawn over tbe narrow bed, and that it would not be necessary for him to remain or call again; but it appeared that his patient might require his attention yet a few days longer. " You have Dot left him at all," he said to Natalie. "It is easy to see you did not sleep last night." It was true that she had not slept. Through the night she had sat in the dim glow of the fire, scarcely stirring unlets some slight sound of movement from the bed attracted her attention. Daring tbe first part of tbe night ber charge had seemed to sleep ; but as tbe hours wore on there had been no more rest for him, and then she had known that he lay with his eyes fixed npon ber; she bad felt their gaze even before she Ko it. I, v- foio dctnu be became restless, aud called her to his side. " I owe you a heavy debt," he said, drearily. "And I shall leave it unpaid. I wish — I wish it was finished." " It ?" sbe said. "The picture," he answered, "the — pic ture." Usually he was too weak for speech ; but occasionally a fit of restlessness seized upon him, and then it seemed as if he was haunted continually by the memory of his unfinished work. " It ODly needed a few touches," ha said, once. " One day of strength would complete it— if such a day would but come to me. j know the look so well now — I see it on your face so often." And then he lay watching her, his eyes following her yearningly, as she moved to and fro. In the studios below, the artists waited in vain for their model. They neither saw nor heard anything of her, and they knew her moods too well to be officiously iaquisitive. So she was left alone to the task she had chosen, and was faithful to it to the end. It was not so very long it lasted, though to her it seemed a lifetime. A few weeks the doctor made his visits, and at last one after noon, in going away, lie beckoned her out of the room. He spoke in an undertone. " To-night you may watch closely," he said ; " perhaps towards morning — but it will be very quiet." . It was very quiet. The day had been bitter cold and as it drew to a close it became colder still, and a fierce wind rose and whistled about the old house, shaking the ill-fitting windows and doors. But the sick man did not seem to hear it. Toward mid night he fell into a deep and quiet sleep. Before the fire Natalie sat waiting. Now and then a little shudder passed over her as if she could not resist the cold. And yet the fire in the stove was a bright one. She had smiled to herself as she had heaped the coal upon it, seeing that there was so little left. " It will last until morning," she said, " and that will be long enough," Through all tbe nights during which she had watched she had never felt the room so still as it seemed now between the gusts and soughing of the wind. " Something is in the air which has not been in it before," she said.. About one o'clock she rose and replenished the fire, putting the last fragment of coal upon it aud then sat down to watch it again. Its slow kindling and glowing into life fascinated her. It was not long before she oould scarcely remove her eyes from it. She was trying to oalculate— with a weird fancy in her miud — how long would it last, and whether it would die out suddenly or slowly. As she cowered over it, if one of the men who admired her had entered he might well scarcely have known her. Sbe was hollow- eyed, haggard and pallid— for the time even her great beauty was gone. As he had left her that day, the dootor had said to himself discontentedly that after all these wonderful laces last but a short time. The fire caught at the ooal, lighted fitful blazes among it, and crept over it in a dull red, whioh brightened into hot scarlet. And the sick man lay sleeping, breathing faintly but lightly. " It will last until dawn," she said " until dawn, and no longer." When the first cinder dropped with a metallic sound, she started violently and laid her hand upon her breast, but after that she scarcely stirred. The fitful blazes died down, the hot soarlet deepened to red again, the red grew dull, a gray film of ashes showpd itself upon it, aud then came the first faint grey of dawn, and she sat with beating heart sayine to herself. s "It will go out soon— suddenly." And the dying man was awake, speaking to her. " Gome here," he said, in a low, clear voice. " Gome here." She went to him and "stood close by the bedside. The moment of her supreme anguish had come. But he showed no signs of pain or dread, only there was a little moisture upon his forehead aud absnt his mouth. His eyes shone large nd fright iu the snowy pallor of his face, and when he fixed them upon her she knew he would nokmovc them away. " I am glad — that it is — finished," he said. "It .did not tire me to work— as I thought it would. I am glad — that it is — finished." She fell upon her knees. " That it is finished ?" she said. His smile grew brighter. " The picture," he whispered — "jthe pic ture." And then what she had waited for came. There was a moment of silence ; the wind outside hushed itself, his lips parted, but no sound oame from them, not even a fluttering breath ; his eyes were still fixed upon her face, open, bright, smiling, " I may speak now," she cried. "I may speak now — since you cannot hear. I love you ! I love you !" But there oame to her ears only one sound — the little grating shudder of the fire as it fell together and wbs dead. The next morning when they heard that " the Amerioan" had at last fulfilled their prophesies, the locataires showed a spas modic warmth of interest. They offered their services promptly, and said to each other that he must have bsen a good fellow, after all — that it was a pity they bad not known him better. They even protested that he should not be made an object of charity — that among themselves they would do all that was necessary. But it appeared that their help was not needed — that there was in the background a friend who had done all, but whom nobody knew. Hearing this they expressed their sym pathy by going up by tw03 and threes to the little garret where there was now only icy coldness and silence. Not a few among them were so far touched by the pathos they found in thi3 as to shed a tear or so — most of them were volatile young Frenchmen, who counted their sensibilities among their luxuries. Toward evening there came two older than the rest, who had not been long in the house. When they entered, a woman stood at the bed's head — a woman in black drapery, with a pale and haggard face, which they saw only for a moment. As they approached she moved away, and, going to the window, stood there with her back toward them, gazing out at the drifted snow upon the roof. The men stood uncovered, looking down. " It is the face of an Immortal," said the elder of the two. "It is such men who die young." And then they saw the easel in the shadow of the corner and went and turned it from the wall. When they saw the picture resting upon it, there was a long silence. It was broken at last by the older man. "It is some woman he has known and loved," he said. " He has painted her soul — and his own." The figure near them stirred — the woman's hand crept up to the window's side and clung to the wooden frame. But'she did not turn, and was staudiuir so when the strangers moved away, opmedYlie door aud passed, with heads still uncovered, down the dark, rickety stairs. A fiercer cold had never frozen Paris than held it ice and snow bouud through this day and the next. When the next came to its all WRfi APOi' un.l tU- — were quiet again — -uerhapa «. Httio quieter for a few hours than was their wont. Through this second day Natalie lived — slowly: through the first part of the morning in which people went heavily up and down the stairs ; through the later hours when she heard them whispering among themselves upon the landings ; through the hour when the footsteps to at came down were heavier still, and slower and'impeded with some burden borne with care; through the moment when they rested with this burden upon the landing outside her very door, and inside she crouched against the panels — listening. Then it was all doue, and upon those upper floors there was no creature but herself. She had lighted no fire and eaten nothing. She had neither food, fuel, nor money. All was gone. " It is well," she said, "that I am not hungry, and that I would rather be colder than warmer." She did not wish for warmth, even when night fell and brought more biting iciuess. She sat by her window iu the dark uutil the moon rose, and though shudders shook her from head to foot, she made no effort to gain warmth. She heard but few sounds from below, but she waited uutil all was still before she left her plaoe. But at midnight perfect silence had settled upon the house, and she got up and left her room, leaving the key uuturned in the lock. " To-morrow, or the day after, perhaps," she said, " they will wish to go in." Then she went up the stairs for the last time. Since she had heard the heavy feet lumber ing with their burden past her door a singular calm had settled upon her. It was not apathy so much as a repose born of the knowledge that there was nothing more to bear — no future to be feared. But when she opened the door of the little room this calmness was for a moment lost. It was so cold, so still, so bare in the moonlight which streamed through the window and flooded it. There were left in it only two things — the narrow, vacant bed, covered with its white sheet, and the easel on which the picture rested, gazinar out at her from the canvas with serene, mi'sterious eyes. She staggered forward and sank down before it, uttering a low, terrible cry. " Do not reproach me !" she cried. ' There is no longer need. Do you. not see ? This is my expiation i" _For a while there was dead silence again. She crouched before the easel with bowed head and her face veiled upon her arm3, making no stir or sound. But at length she rose again, numbly and stiffly. She stook up and glanced slowly about her— at the bareness, at the moonlight, at the narrow, white-draped bed. "It will be— very cold," she whispered, as she moved toward the door. " It will be — very oold," And then the little room was empty, and the face upon the easel turned toward the entranoe seemed to listen to her stealthily descending feet. I he next morning, the two artists, who had visited the dead man's room together, were walking— together again— upon the banks of the beme, when they found them selves drawing near a crowd of men and womenwho weregathered at the water's edge. bas happened?" they asked as 6 grouI>- "Wiatkas WM'Hohm, stand- " A w n 811 IU Pockets, answered, A Ma f0i / what a night to fort!" 0n ' Imagine the discom- oont-rA ldeS mau pushed hi3 W into the SmalSSL! mm9nt Uter uttMed » " Mon Dieu !" W hat is it ?»» crie(j his companion. His mend, turned to him, breathlessly, pointing to what lay upon the frozen earth. ,ve asfced each other who the original of the picture was," he said. < We did not know. The face lies there. Look!" F that which Life had denial bar J Death had given.- —Scribner's. 