SOMETB~CTG LIHE a GH~osT. [Fnoio oem WVALLOED COR5s5~PooenET.] YxsI none of your sneaking, silent ghosts, that glides right up alongside o' one ere you are aware of its presance, but a regular goed, honest ghost, who at the " witching hour of night" lets you know he's about. 'lhe favourite resort of his ghostship is on Hlexham Swamps. No one ]hs yet, as'fr as I can learn, had ' ocular," but hundreds aver they have hlad "aurioular." evidencs ol his pre sence. They say his ro.-r is something terrific, and the publio mind is much exercised hero as to whether it might or might not be the gentleman who roameth " like a recringlion, seeking whom he may devour." To put all doubts at rest on this head, two of our towns men stasted for the swamp the other night, in order to make a discovery, one ermcd with a loekl:ss blunderbuos, the other with the "waddy " your special reporter flourished up hero a short time ago, valiantly de termined to solve the mystery. 'Ihey soon arrived in the vicinity whence the " awful roars , were heard to proceed. The one tapped the breech of his gun to makoe ure the powder was well up in the nipple; the other spit on hlii hand aed led his weddy, and both waied. Suddenly there aroie upon the still night air a roar, plaintive and low at first, ard then swelling in volume, till its force exceeded the combined roar of the Lambton artillery. They of tlce gun and weddy seemed eudd-.ly to grow several inches taller, attributable to the fact of "' each particular hair: standing on end," and their billy cocks assuming a more elevated position in consequence. "O, holy mother o' MIosrs, ,e,R/." that!" said one. "I d--d--do," jerked out the other, his "ivory box" at the same time going like a pair of castanets. Exactly five minutes after/ two miles and three quarters from the sceno of the roar, two bipeds were seen travelling along Dovon-strset i la Bob Watson. I am credibly informed that the blunderbuss and waddy were next day fouad where the valiantshad been watching, pm obably dropped in the excitement of the momtnt. The two now aver that it is no ghost but a veritable Bunyip. An old cow, recently de ceased, having since been found in the neihis •bourbood, some one ventured a remark thaft the noise might have proceeded from that beast. One of the valiants. overhearing him, indignantly exclaimed, " 0,-bad manners to ye, would yo be after making a bell o' the Bunyip ?" 