NEWS AN D NOTES. This day's events.—St. Leon's Cirous, at the Hay market reserye; meeting of Mining Board; meeting of City Council; meeting of Benevolent Asylum. Committee; Mr Drummond addresses Bungareshire electors at Larking—hotel. Soldiers Hill, 8 p.m.; distribution .of Mr T. Taylor’s pictures, 3,p.m.; meet-. -ing~of Hospital Committee; meeting .of Eastern tapprs, Buck’s Head hotel, 8 p.m. r 1 ' There appear , to be some .father comical mistakes ip. the paragraph;published on Saturday about a school' teacher, said to be appointed a school' in Geelong supplied by a correspondent. :lhthe ;first, place, the • teacher in question 'is hot' a “ liberal,” -though bis brother, as stated, is. In the second place, the teacher, is not, so far. aware that he has been appointed;to,the school named. In the third place, he has ahAcknow* ledged chum' for compensation -against the Goverhr meut, and the supposed promotion .will go but a very short way to settle that.; -.i.., r-.. We regret to learn that .Mr John Finlay, late- of Gracefield;: and now- State schoolmaster at Ascot,- is suffering from-severe illness, an affection of the mouth and throat ..rendering tbepufferer speechless, whilst a general debility has deprived him of nearly all faculty ;of p exertion.v. r Mrd?inlay’s ■ length- of-,- service entitles him, we believe,: or. wilTshortlyentitle' him| to retird on a pension, and, we understand-that hisplafms will probably be forthwith dealt with by the department,- 'so, as "to allow of-his retirement with an equitable satisfaction of accrued rights under bis status as an old.civil s servant.— All Ur Finlay’s many old'friends in '- the district ; wfllV be'.’gladltb bearof) his last days being made as easy as is oonsistencwith his claims and public.economy. ~—.. , .-•Mr Hart,, the oldest officer in the Post office, leaves this' morning ■ for Melbourne,: whither he goes to' take duty in the metropolitan 'offihej l In an eighteen years’ term of office here,,Mr Hart r haa dis played;-pot only an' intelligent attention to routine, betokening a satiefaotory efficiency, but' has given proof of some initiative faculty; whist acourteous demeanor towards the public showed that he was alive to that side Of ins'official responsibility, which is more than can be said of aU public servants. A'-visitor- to Hthe lake and gardens complains to ua of Ithe overcrowding,of the steunboate., ;There seems to be a.growing .necessity for. somejegdlating action being taken by the City Council in this matter. It is 'not -desirable tdwait till 'somedisaster:comea to en foroe.tho. caution."; ;~ . . From; ithe fact of a lot of old around i the' Soldiers -Hill .State school,- it appears that' the ■playground- is "about to be fenced in. -X . „We are' requestad.to call the ‘attention of t the City ;.Couhbil ‘ to a dangerous "pitfall,' in.Df street, between Urqubart and South itreets/oausedbytha. oyer a drain having fallen - ; ' r j A grievance of the Ballafaf'grain merchants in reference to railway-freight charges tor grain, which affbots the" whole of the ' distriit,'aUd, indeed; the whole colony," was‘brought .under the notice of the -, TreMurer by a dsputakibn >rhioh waited upon himbn 'tw°the fint from the place or consignment, and Id for eveiy hundred miles or fraction of • hundred miles beyond, which baa a very injurious- effect upon the trade of country markets, as the following instance submitted to Tt P**? 8 * in truokJ|St of 209 miles from Mrimune, thd’faeightTier ton fon the whole die tancuwoi*obe 21s 7d, consigned to B4Mtt,alM then Melbourne, where a quiiSEjg it may occur, the roiErf carnage woWcflSi 26a Tfttor 6a extra per ton fonme mprafact of itoyStoppiiw at Ballarat. This cc*£ afcMjb bV Ballarat bemif looked upon as a frbsfc plsSpbf consequently for I thPlhundred lid per ton per able is charged for the freight An arrangement .nf-thiaaort-fnd««— audio brihg-gbout a chaiigd in, the system. a deputa-^ tibh^foih3iiHai^WMtedii^ni^;Wp^^iwmnfrme'' _agS^nd.9xp]a(n^mafe^^'hTm,^fi^ihej^^de^_ stood that ijd per ton was only to be charged on freight 1 for the first hundrsd'miles from Melbourne, but since then' things' have remained “asbeforer till now (the (Ballarat grain nprd|ants havpj;dptermiiwditoonce more attempt to, obtain ‘ soma redress of thrit/griev-j anoe. MessrsjEiveringharfi/fQkay, and Ivey, who were accompainbd.V'by 'MteOTfs. Jirtriofi j and Bell,. ; M’ail+A,',i and . 'lJburtaney, M'jGowan/; and Richards;laid' theiro oaseii »wy plainly before’ ■ Major Smith, urging; principally the adoption; bf one uniform rate, the same qiitnny per ton per , mile- would .be. •suffioi6ttt ;to pay,, the Railway Department, and Would iodacaugreator; .traffic byibringing nmojer to/tho,grain groVrere, "Who in their turn would put_ inUrger crops.:. It was;pointed::out.to the Treasurer thafe coUntry were becoming ruinedy-by the which acted grain straight to the seaboard! ;In reply to theyepre-; sentationaof thadeputatioo-l&jor-Smith; said that he .would consult the oi. Railways, on; ‘the subject on rate of Id per ton be: advisable, still if an any distance, could be in force till the end of the-present -then it could - become, a Government: a uniform , retelofidpef/ton pbr Xdbgteiln ■ the The pleasant change in -the weatiier, so noticeable" on Sunday, induced a.large gathering at Wandoureei and the 'gardens' during-the "afternoon. The ’buses/ steamers,' and sailingbbatswere freely .patrbnised/and., the usual weekly afternoon's, health-giving outing!was enjoyed by thousaads/in the proper and decorous ■ihanner characteristic of Ballarat folk, o x The hon.-the Treasurer, accompanied by the Com* missionar of Railways,-will proceed to Stawell :this morning forth e purpose’of inspecting the waterworks, there, for which an additional grant of £15,000 has ■been'oeked.y ;;;;/! ;/ : / ! ; ; /y- ••■••y s *;; f** /;/ ’ ~ A petition from/residente at Mount Clear'wM pre-: ■ aentedito Maj or- Smith by Messrs James and ■ Brophy, M's-L/A., on Saturday," asking .for a’water-supply from, ithe Mount Helen dam, which has' been recently con* •struoted by the;Government.- Major. Smit- said,-in •reply, that:; he would .have a übnveraatibli , with: Mr .Longmora, ,?nd, adyiaa him as.to' the' beat.course to , purauaiu the, matter, ,; v o'- •''a . .The StaweU' Ohronicle apologises for the laches of their Ballarat’correspondent, instating that Dr Lynn f|i^ : 'Meohanito'lnstitote/whereas’it-shohld have been an asaiacantofthat' We learn that* the 3 libel .action againat, the. • Chronicle, has. been .withdrawn,■ but that the: one against the Talbot Leader, for statements ‘damaging to the doctor, ia to proceed; ; <•; 1 yf Ir— ■ The Rev. J. Lewia, late-of; BaUanjWaa,: inducted intoytha incumbency of, AH' 'Saints’ parish on Sunday Ravening by Bishop'' Thornton./ ■ The/church" was .crowded, !and .the bishop, in preaching'from the , t9xtStrJohn.xx.j2li ‘.‘ As my Father.hath sent me, even so send I you,” stated in plain forcible language the duties of a .Christian minister amongst his con*.. gregation, and inveighed, against that; professional isolation' in. the - ministerial ranks whioh was so bane* , .fulin.ita effecta. . v .// /■;_.. ■ .■■..--,<•7 ; . A pleasant gathering took place at Mr John Rankin's residence last Friday evening, for the purpose of pro?., aehting-Mias -Isabella Stanford,pupil teacher at State, 'ibhool No;92o,'with aanitabla aouvenir bu the - ocoal’ sion of-her departure to tike charge ofthe Warrayure State’ Bohool,‘ No.: 1722,. near Dunkeld; to which poai* tion she has recently-been, promoted by the Mioistern of ' Instruction. The present, which took the form of s Kan'dsome'gald'lo'ckefc, 'waa' preaehted tb'Miaa' Stan ford by Mr-John Renkin, chairman of the Board of -Advice for the west riding of Buninyongshire, on behalf of the parents, teachers, and scholars connected .udth’tHe 3tateadhoo_lat Cambrijta .HilL;';Mt' Benkid' in a few appropriate remarke referred '-to the" many admirable qnalities of the recipient, more • especially,as .a teaqher, in which capacity. £(iss Stan* -lord may.[be equalled, but not'surpassed, and.stated that though they all deeply regretted' her ‘ departure; from among them,.yet, they were aU greatly pleased-' to’knoiv that, she had* received sach a well deserved promotion,"and concluded^’'by expressing the wishes of all present, viz;,'that Miss Stanford would be blessed with health and prosperity in her hew'sphere ‘‘of life/' s After a very enjoyable 'evening had* been spent the company'separated amidst general expres aions of regret at Miss-Stanford’a departure, and good: wishes for her -future prosperity. The locket was eupplied by Mr FiegelUub, of .Sturt; atreefc. ; ., v The Hospital Committee will meet to-day to receive the report of'the sub^omihittee-re secretary and col/; lector’s leave of absence/ 11 - • . Mr,Davies, tho'tentmaket in Bridge street, who is one of ouir.-.oldest .citizens,; has; added lately-to the r permanent improvement of the" street by building , a two-storied bpuse. witirsbop. Mr H. R. Caselli was the ,'knd ‘Messrs Dunham and -Franklin con tractors,' their tender being at £7OO. The domestic interior is conveniently, arranged, and the frontage, with its cement dressings, harmonises with adjacent.;. Italian designs.. Mr Davies has seen moat of the ups - and downs of. Ballarat, and. we - are glad that ha has had a fair share of n the ups, .and will now literally occupy a higher position in life than ever. Wednesday next j will . .be < New Year’s Day. The Chinamen of- the district are already pre paring for the festival in a becoming manner. ./'"The, police .arrested two awagsmen on - Friday at “Portland on anspicipp/pf belonging to : the T KeUy gang. On searching their swags.it. was .proved that ■ they were ‘ laborers from Ararat bound to Mount Gambier, and 'they were at phoa released from custody., The new arrangement in connection.with: Wodonga trains, by which the transit of- the - oyerland mail from Sydney to/Melbourne will be. shortened, .will come into: operation ion the Ist/oi ..next month.! j J ;( % "The ratepayers of -Smythesdrie, : in publio meeting on Friday night, emasculated the ;Water scheme as proposed for the town by Mr Liitz, the Government 'ehgineer/igilbred his: recommendation relativelto the conetraction of a dam at j Daddy’s'Gully at a/coat of £3500; and only determined, by resolution to . recom mend the two . councils to sechre’the private water rights Eoßa' Cteek way for public purposes. v .Our re port of the proceedings, which were rather, mixed, is held 1 over until to- morrow. - .A man. named David Bolster, .'the driver of a .Haddon ..coach, slipped down in Bridge street on .Saturday . afternoon/ and' : fractured one of' his ankles. He was admitted into the Hospital.//, /■// / “ • Bishop Thbrntoh gave a garden l party at Bishop-; .court, Wendouree,, on Saturday, 'afternooh, at' ! which: about a hundred ladies and gentlemen wara present. A bmss band was in attendance, and a choice selec-: tibn. of ;iniwib iWaa' given' undeij. the;direction'of Mr Harrison." ' 7,'7.7'.;'/.. . /:Tlur fpllsii|s{[.;.Btatement in the mayor’s^report toy be submitted,,to the City Council to-dayia yery re-: assnriog;—“.Tha. oity treasurer .has reported, to me • very favurably.pn .the finances for the first quarter of the current;year.: The receipts' 6£ ;, i i evenue from alb. ‘sources show.-an excess over the corresponding quarter previous year, and the iaaue, of the : various . licenses so far hi.well up to the estimate.”' ■' ;• -. -Captain Hathorn, of the BaUarat; Yacht Club, has . jiiet purchased a silver watch : tdtoe>given as e special prize for learners at the iClub’s! annual matches next month. seen' to-day in Mr Plegeltaub’s window,‘.Cobb’s corner. : ■ TravoUera, have complained to us.that the con-' trabtore for the Gordon - railway have left the ground where tfia lihe crossea the road between the Moora-7 bool and_Black Hill in a very dangerous stated and on Friday nighty in consequence of -there being.no light .at .the spot, two' men in a dray were nearly thrown into the cutting close byi r This state of things' ought not to ba allowed on a publio highway, and we have: no;doubt that tfie contractors will sea that all danger at the place, to traffic ia done away with at bhbe. ■ •'' ■ The movement lately sat on foot -in Melboorne to eatablish corn.exchanges in all the centres of popula-’ tion m the agriciiltnral dietrietb is quickly ektendine.- and it . has .’been arranged-thation Saturday next a meeting of all those interested in the grain trade in ■this.diatnatahall be heldat.the George hotel, to fake i steps .towards uutiaring a. Ballarat corn, exchange, /'' : \- .W. ,Mills, of Soldiers Hill, has just compoasd a poem entitled; ■“ A lbion of/the/Xiake,” in- which , of interest inferring .to Wendouree afa treated of. We understand that the poem .will -be published shortly.' .: ;members of the B.V.R. will proceed to Cres wick on Wednesday by the afternoon train for the .purpose of receiving instruotionin-ekiroiiahiDg. Blank ammuution will be; served; out, and "forage caps 7ate J to be wora."-THe Colonel-oommandant and Lientenuit-' Lolonel Reda will be present on the occasion. ~ 'toe' latyflto 3 a't O’Cbnnor’e bone mills in the Creswick road, pointed to incen. *_■ ’:.w'a the of the wtog&f; which insured the place visited the scene on Friday, bat discovered no clue to this I offenders. Somo saspioion is attached to a i I who three weeks , ago was ordered o 5 ths> 8 ' ?apl ? (5 : after taking up his lodging in an empty 1 i ing the mill, and who threatened to bum down aa he went away, ‘“ a pli*) The ordinary weekly meeting 0 £ the Catholic Young Men’s Society was held ■ V) Catholic Library, Dawson street, on Friday 1 10 vice-president o£ ; the society in the chair 3 wf’ minutes of the'previous meeting had been r a confirmed, the secretary reported that a social of members of the society and their friend l6l3l3:s take place at an early date. Several volume useful books have been presented to the nenh f ts l -library-inconoectioa-withtho society. y ’ l3r ®ii 5 .The re*ult,ofthe investigation by the Wn ,t. mattes oPthe Gity Couacil of-tbe conduct of th C ° s1 ' -mao-SpwliDg. in the-oase of-Mrs Ronalds M ' 1 forcibly taken awaybyher husband in hia of t£e -'t» Soldiers Hill, fc in the following petition, AV;W tait ‘- i | the council not to renew : fice|iife ! pl Ji ; Sparling, off account of recent w- 61 All ■parties interMted ; apneared : by ihrifs 1 before;yonr.'committee, when, ;the'ir statemenla heatdfanatfdlly considered.'. i Although the petiti ’ ,i ' 1 fff our 6pimonfailed;to. substantiate any charge Sparging;,,which; Mutd., "justify , interference pf? council, information from other sources has >h J tfflt upon - the occasion of the alleged ahducB 8 ' 'Mrs Ronalds,. Sparling’s conduct was extreinelv ** dioious and open;to censure;The cab inspector? 3, -not-recommend .the renewal of-the license, but i ** the milter in-the handaof the’council” . . Senipr-conitabla Leyerton. and Constable Stodj have been gazetted ; inspectors of the sbiie of Bungafee." . ■ i ll having heen.vstatsd.. about that a change «, be made shortly: in the staff of’ State school bb* masters in Ballarat.MajorSmith was waited Saturday by a-deputation-consisting of severalomw of Boafdof Advice and others, t* bvrihg ih all .about fifteeff; gentlemen, to place b./ 5 the Minister of .Education the qualifications of v ■David, Thomas, precentor.of St. John’s Presbjtofc vGhnroh, for the 1 position of a singing master, aule urge his claims for appointment to any vacancy it! might occur in the schools.... Mr James, M.LAiifr Raced the, deputation, and' Mr John Robson infottu Major Smith that he had. watched Mr ThoS musical career for : a long time,-and knew him tab ypgjt worthy qf-.rachi an appointment as that the deputation wishedhiin to receive. 'Mr Hedgas . the.Sebastopol ’ Board, of Advice, cordially supply MrVThonm’case,, and Mr M'Kee, of tha Ballw East board,. also - spoke in his favor. Major gS said that he had engaged two gentlemen as jiojb masters,.subject totheirpaaaing the necessary end nations at.the.end of the year,aad he thought it tj probable that' one : of the-two would not pw,tma that at : thff last'examination in Melbourne U twenty-one, oat;o£ -aaventy-nina candidates had hg successful. Consequently there might be a vacua and the first vacancy that did occur he promised tit ‘MrThomas should fill it if he were found fit for jj position.;; - TJV ;V; • /y; ; • • '■TUffcitcus, management would confer a favoran their patronaVypaying,a’ little more attention tofi. keeping clear and better .-lighting of the approach t the tent entrahoe. - The-ground is very uneven jjrf about, ; and what with gay JT waggons,' and oiroiie paraphernalia generally scat! j is-some difficulty experienced on thepE of strangers tothe''localityin getting-to urid froina "eatranoer The-matterhaa formed a cauae-of contplff on the part of visitors, and should be attended ta _.._Spme_sll]y'fellows; got iip, or endeavored to gtlc a Kelly scare in Ballarat on Sunday evening by c onlatin'g a report’that the bushrauging scoundiabh been seen,between 'Cansbropk and Castlenuine, e that'a'bpeciifl’train; packed "with police, honee,c 'afmsywas dn : ita way-to jthe-'scene, ria-Ballarat. l Jj as‘'people. werV on their.way to church the whisthi a locomotive .waslhe'ard, ahcl. presently a train n seen proceeding at a fair rate of speed along tb.-b vyestwarfffrom the Lydiard street terminus. Ib whq'hadrheard ~tho sSly; rumor were for soae fa' minutes, inclined tosplaoe;,credence in itj nritilti : feaib; having oleared tha cutting, was seen to bee "posbd^bf 1 iron tanks’piaoed oh flat trucks, being, 1 u a matter, ofr.fact, the-ordinary; train, which onsi mouth,or .so. makes a rpund.of the lines on Suadiy: supply the gatekeepers with water. I A stripping, match, under the auspices of tbs i Arnaud. Pastoral and Agricultural ’ Society, aidi connection with: tVe-Avon : Plains Farmers’Club, rl the farm of s Mesara Walker Brothers; in A .Go vernment land sale will be held at 'fern on 18lh February,nest.'., .7 ; ,r;.-j Messrs- Joseph • Marshall; ‘ James Malone, Ttfc .Casey, and Robert. JFilsoff have been gazetted tala of the land , temporarily reserved on 3rd May, Iff. as’ a lsite for; ticecdurae and 1 recreative putposa i of . 'WV Thistlethwmte, deeae S. Hs -Lowery,- J..M r Naughton,- l and . A Dockajii r.l-.-.t ;,vr. A-prpgress meeting of- the • building ; committee t the contemplated hew synagogue was held'oh their, inst, at tbe.hyhagbjgue ohambers. . Mr S.jjbbbp| sident of the congregation, in the chair, repcith lat. That in'response :to the circular appeal eera; favorable replies, had‘.bden received. 2nd. Ihl.; beginning had been made to personally; solicit e; ■soriptiohs'from the liberally-disposed of the gasj community, which he _was pleased- 'to--stale n, attended with" fair : success;: the two mayors hid; headed’the list with' three guineas each.- 3rd B sinpe tha’cpmmittee ' last Imet the danger tbreite:; the present : dilapidated structure had become cj painfully, developed;.’and ehonld therefore stel; greater exertion; '-The” Rev. I. M. Goldteich ta-S in several-letters 1 received: by-him, couched ins; kindest " terms;-'and- ( covering cheques, or ptoiff; varying in amount' from dha guinea, to five pos, withjdn some instances, promises to .furtherms-- ment the’ liberality daring the present year. Albt letter, with cheque for £lO, from thefc; W. J. Clarke,‘M.L'.o.,-which he had received th?, vioua day. Several 'appropriate resolutions k agreed to, and 'all dbnarions ordered to be. thaniff acknowledged 'througli the, local Press, whehtfas shall have ‘ Veen 'completed. " Mr L. FUgtte; treasurer, and', 'Me. Showman, hon. secrcliq, requested tu. collect. the outstanding amount) ;~ mised by members of the congregation, andanch meats were made for’prosecuting the personal or>. for subscriptions. The usual vote to’the chair ci, the meeting.- 1 ” ’ ! It is •really damETthat something was done ctoti" to put a stop to.the; trafficking in children of te-, age in the’Chinese camps, for despite police to' put"do.wn vice‘and immorality, casts E-. times crop up sufficient to make poor, humin.n-; blush. On Saturday eyehing Senior-constable Srnythesdale, with Constable Daly, riawr. Chinese camp. at - Haddon, and found aycoti only nihb’years'of age,'n-imed Margaret IVillh®; the camp, where she waadefty-as alleged, by ha mother for; immoral purposes. .The however, rescued -heij.- and she is now in the F", camp at Srnythesdale, charged with being a neg-’ 5 . child. The mother'of the dhild is'well'a®' 1 ) Browns, where she resides. r "vOn Saturday the mayor and : Mr Hughea) JM aa a revision court at Srnythesdale, when -electors was gone.over, one naine being objects and struck off as being on both the ratspaj®* . general rolls., ” 7- On Friday night the annual meeting of the-A dale Relief Fund "was" held in the Town-hall; fj Bell, the president, in the chair. 7 The elevattfe report showed that the .receipts reached inclusive of the balance brought forward at t, annual meeting, and that the expenditure, ucßy a balance -of £B4 4s 9d in bank, reached amount. There was also a fixed deposit interest. ’.Mr-Johu Bird, M.I/A-, was_ew si1 i. dent; the.'Hons.’John Cummings, ML C., so \ Russell, patrons;. R. Bell, .vice- president, i M'Kenzie, 1 treasurer; • committee of BtsMPjt Messrs Chadwick, Daly, Searle, Webb, Stoker Knight, Eean, Prentice, Carnegie (the.latty also a vice-president), A.- Young and Edgar; u E.;Parker;, honorary members’ of commits> ( ; Syer and; Porter {Srnythesdale), and town). The-fund is now well managed, ana-1 the really 'indigent, after careful enquiryi wjy from ,the ,managing i committee. An . feature-in the. balance-sheet is the printing^ 1 . ; of the recipients with the amount of re !e ,/-77 each, as. many persons object to have toe• made public,.and really deserving P er£on3 L|.,7' circumstances ' may be precluded from seed's ) sary .reUef when much required. ; -‘ Jj . The-following-notification appeara in t * Al ..ment.Gazette. in .regard, to,Californian Californian salmon are now from six to re length, and may-be expected to grow an -g ; every month. The sides and belly w* . ■white color," the back has three roW8 j, 0 0 i;Vefr’ 2 green round-spots, with numerous small spots interspersed.. They are expected the: sea from January-to March. (js-- Californian salmon have been placed! . Darlot’a Creek, Fiery: Creek, Emu Cree > brand, -Erakine, St. .' George, Cumberlati t , ‘Bay)j’""Airt,- , .‘'B.arnm; Ford, and ’ \a :: Otway;' Berwoni Werribep, Saltwater, * Latrobe, , Macalister, Avon, rTambd, and Snowy, Qippslahd; nndaU. jj., of the abovenamed rivere. The at «jt., public is directed to- the 20th clause °t . jf,- Act; vi*.;—“ If any person knowing^J^^ ,'ln taking, pr.attempt to take in any ‘any tQ.Yiqtorxa, «t W , \- tajASSSSSi dnced into aa \- introduction fe? ' ~ ™ by proclamation pnb • the Ctownw^S® lU appoint, liihed m , capture any such fish 4nd person shall r ‘® th P 9, game to the'.water! in which they were captuxea, * q£ £2 0." The every offflnce. ba liabl jp^^^y. nt Q tho abJve. Californian December, 1877, ∧ named ««" an * and t * eit capture is therefore iK, January,.lB7B, ,"“•£ rJZfoi »•;-■- - - •* j if •hlMtea'uDtU'let January, 1882. I . ~ - . tha New South Wales Govekn- The Age bhat J tho' ‘ Acting Chief men t Hie g its willingness to open Secretary,„ !*?™s“ B nßg to -the lbolftion of the negotiations in Commissioner - of-Customs- ‘ b ° rde^ d M STdnOTnext week f ortho pnrP« e °*?P“g S Jh tha Sjdney-Government on the sublet Press circled 'that‘the paper “» It is stated m Press { ;iourn« fleww eff9r t. o £itha:hpn.Memj>?*' *° r f i«nf msohinß and in thepecnliar application ‘ between the. article and the speeches of ihe of facts, • countehanceto the guess, hutjwe, hon counM hon£ta“Kberld”' ’STASSt. ti. UM*wi***ft. . despioable-snbferfnge. i The court of petty 'sSssioM a in fatareto«» • *,' „ one d for traffic.! :•'* •>•..k>u..v;- I 'i!f, te t steps towards closing the Melbmiroe Gaol \ taken. All prisohers sent to the Melbourne ' n W iwlfh sentences of fourteen days to three montjw,; tonsferred toPentridgOv;;!Bie.edd wing- Ttr E aolfashut up. ahd thedabor yard is only tote' Vnot open until the stone',in the gaol lane undisposed ; ' k , P in consequence of -this new regulation 34 pn °whs Sd acounmlated since Saturday tot, of to diSioh: required,' were, forwarded to -Pent ridee on Friday morning. V,;, . j -The Oolae FeroM records the following instance; of «.m»rtaess Seine : time "ago Mr George. Hills • wascommisaioned by the Colacshire Council to - phr- Se a bull for the Birregurra common at a cost| of « In the meantime the Colao common bull was_ complained of for having committed certain jaganes ; Tames Slater, and the conned' determined t sL J The sale not being advertised through some o “;i thera was hardly- anybody attended, mid Mr George Hills purchased him for five shillings/ On 1 ’ Wednesday last Mr G. Hills. wrote to the council, stating that he had fulfilled his commission and,.had obtained a bull, whiob the oouncil oonld hare for the noeciSed sum, £5. The offer was accepted without snouiry at aU about the bull’s antecedents,, and the; council has been ‘had’ in as clever a way as has ever been heard of with regard to the business trans actions of a public body." . ; :,j; | Mr J D. Bobinson.the secretary of the Geelong Club, has (says the Geelong Advertiser) hadjan interview with the Commissioner of Railways, and made arrangements for the running^t-trains to the racecourse on the 3,9 th mst. and Ist February. The Ballarat sportsmen will • be accommodated with a special train on the 30th inst, starting, from Ballarat at 10 30 a.m. It has been arranged that - the -tickets for the special trains will be issued at Saturday excursion fares, and will be available for return up to the night of the 3rd February. Parties of • eight .| taking then tickets out the day before the races will have compartments in the special trains reserved for:-! them. The ordinary.trains from Geelong'will cqm-J nence running at 10.30 a.m. on each .of the. race days, ' and the return fares are—First class, 3s; second do, 2s. ■ ' ■ : " ; ‘ ' i Major Smith, Mr Longmore, and Major Couohman intend to visit Hamilton bn : Thursday;- the 18 th February, in connection with' the ‘ schema ‘ for’the _ supply of water ,to the borough. -- ,-rr' I ■ There appears to. be some, probability that jth# Western Meat-preserving Company, operations about the middle of March, provided that the manager can obtain rabbits, delivered at the fac tory, at a price which promises to be remunerative. _ • The man John Cain, who jumped from a train near: the Moorabool about a week ago, was brought .before Mr Heron at the Geelong Police Court , morning. Cain’s only excuse for his insane action was that he was drunk at the time of the occurrence, la consequence of the suffering already undergone, the police magistrate only sentenced .him. to pay a fine of 20s, or in default fourteen days’ imprisonment. General Grant, the late President of- the United States (says the Hamilton Spectator), it is believed, intends to take passage by the Suez mail to visit the' Australian colonies, and return home by way of Syd-' ney, Auckland, and San : Francisco.; It is also ! believed that he will be nominated, for-the nest Presi dential term.' ‘ V V; ■ V The Arysa states that the Postmaster-General has promised Mr J. Ellis Stewart to give his attention to the subject of a reform, in the postmen’s uniform, ’ so that the men may have more Suitable/caps arid , clothing for the summer and overemats or"cloaks 1 in thewinter. . . , i ; The streets of the town (says the Times)' have presented quite a busy ap'pearauoejduring tha last few days from the large number .of horse and. bullock teams employed in 'bringing’ wheat in ;for transnussion by raUway, or,disposal tp‘ mills, produce, agents, Ac. The railway station, or the place where it is to be, has also been a scene of great animation; arid the reason can readily be’under, stood when it .is known that for the past six days no lees than an average of 1000 bags per day has been despatched by the iron horse. To compass this large trausit.businesa three trains have .been departing daily from St. Amaud—a mixed train in the morning, ; the~ ordinary train at 3 p.m., arid a special itt tha evening. Yesterday afternoon there were abont; 89,0'bags of wheat lying at the station,writing'despatch! ; The Bifleman’e Arms hotel, Back Creek, Saridhurst, was burnt down on Friday night It was insured for £2OO intheLoridon and Lancashire, office. ■ | The defaulting shire secretary of Heathoote has been arrested on warrant near Launceston.: It will be remembered (says the Herald) that he was brought , j up charged with embezzlement on the 13th of tot mouth, but discharged, in consequence of a technical informality. The prisoner, whose name is Wm. Henry Alsop, was a' prominent 'ineiriber 'of ;the Methodist denomination, and greatly esteemed," bear ing, up to tha time of his detection, an irreproachable character. ■ •- ; ■■■■■■, ■ One of the contractors for the Warrenheip'-to Gordon railway lino; informs the Gordon, Egerton; and Ballan Advertiser that the line will be opened for traffic about the middle of April. He says' they, are not to blame for being behind time, but/that’the. fault lies with the Government! All the earthwork is' finished, and the Government inspecting engineer States that very good progress has been made with!; tha : Contract generally. ■*.: - . Here is an incident in connection' witt the, Son- John Woods’visit to New South Wales,' which’ the hon. gentleman did not detail to the admiring repre sentatives of the Melbourne Press. The.' Sgdneg Echo Writes: —“ Of coarse they * manage things better in Victoria!' They always did. Last week'- Weffiadja; Visit from an exalted personage, who came down to spy out the nakedness of oncland,’ We honoredhim as we would any potentate. - The‘Duke’s : carriage V was attached to one of onr, swiftest' locomotives,' and arrangements made to transport him to Wugga in a wonderfully short space of time. The train stood".at the Eedfern station at 1 o’clock bn-Friday last, punc jB c ' oc^wor b- High, officials in ' the department . uitted about the platform; ordering here and there, the telegraph clicked to the men on"the block station that all was ready, and some score? rif travellers by . the following passenger train, Who generally can get a seat for a few minutes in'a[rail- way carriage, strolled about in the heat. Theirtrrin was shunted somewhere.. The hour at last arrived for. toe departure of the ‘Duke’s carriage,’ but it did not go for a quarter of an hour after that time, and then, ts sole occupants were the engine-driver, stoker, and-' guard, and they steamed into the engine-shed. ,The ; great man never arrived; in fact, he did not go that .v? at ril, nor’did the railway authorities hear apy-- bun * ;What the trouble and expense of, ,, 6 thing was we don’t know, and, so long .as We ■ navs a surplus,’ who cares ? ■ Ah 1 well, ‘they manage things better in Victoria.’ ’’ , - .:. , 1 i _Soma fe W days ago (says the Gordon; land ota tj a case of jumping occurred at the Bound claim. It appears [that [two. Inmiis!. j be ?“ or Bome time fossicking .in [that ™ an< l at last came across what they imagined Psjsble rest This, got te the ears of , a: few iu. .t 13 -! 0 , who immediately jumped the : ground, as -y allege that the original prospectors have rio olaim ■ WboH, 0 g f? un “> it has never been,registered; Cnnrf ™ cae ? wdl come before the Warden’s vrtv not in a position to say, bat it seems S for the prospectors to lose the fruits of Ws trnl rB » e J er - ance b ? a mere technical point of law. so fo, 88 tbe i um P era *ro not residents of Gordon,.w: their credit ' e&rn; ’ tbe oea not redound t® thrt*fif Bay - B i —" It, has been already mentibried' wP 1 Government some time, ago an-' reeardinu bo make a fresh arrangement Suez t“ °“ lettera by to diva fWAsT 11 Imperial Qovernmentagreedi other Korfo* Kri C ° l 0 ? le c 8 five ‘ Bixtbs o£ postage—id bo Australia f d ° ufc e7er 7 6d—on all lettera [sept' sixth raf • J rom . the United Kingdom. The, one-; In the United tt 10 ?* re prosented the inland postage KlDgdo ? J ' In addition, the Jiqperiri • feqtlmmnrniiAustralian maila free; from WKtwmpton te GaUe, Tba%- arrasgemtst wm aide for fire years, and the Impend Government deter. and of ereir objected to the proposed new. arrangement,-with reference to-whleh there has been copious , correspondence by agent*-: general apd other ofleitb. It wax urged npoa ffii 1 Impend lsast It coaid do wotli' be to let the nve-suths arrangement remain intact • I until February, 1880,' when the present mail with the P. and O. Gcrmpiby expires. The Postmaster.' frotn the Goyernor a copy! of wfacthe of Biuthfi/inetfdiil 1 stating that the five-eiztha arrangement would jbe allowed to continue pptil the end of the contract;' One ot the reasons alleged on behalf of the Imperial 3s incurred in conveying the maila from Southampton*to aai u a amjsn o t i u S!1 The myatery surrounding the disappearance of Mrs Farrell from:GalHhgwpod'Jtef i«otyet (says the Argot) ’ been solved, and appear* to baffle every endeavor ion the part of the polio*—Cons tables Bannan and Kefs? 7 who .were told off to enquire into the case, hare done" &£mySteotWithout the. slightest success. The flats and the Tarra hare been as well, §B,- all .thq.waterholes and the Mem Creek. • The Farrells are still Jiving in>th#; jmn^.enAeppew to bo,quits oareleas about the matter. _ The entertain an idea that some/-', thing will: ultimately. transpire-. whichwUl lead to the; iSfllutiou pf .ttw jsnj»t?ry,:aqdL!Mra Farrell't friends lire certain that if she is still alive she is not in 4 the icploDyihtheswisa sho- would be suretobavebeeh seen: by the police, as her photograph has been freely ) ar- Culftted* vi M c-'/.■ ;;oVi I,; : i £rpm r ttu JSefifd^a.specislcorrespondent (of; ; the,(?<^>i^iJ!t»Kfc that a niimber.oflanghing' : jaqkaasea a position on' a jtreei near the bridgeqv«lh»jfckMßiver, andwheoevera'pblica officerpaWi^Hte^/huriWththeiruncouthcachin- natioßS,:: faculties of more than the birds awakened at the sight of the' 1 police in When the good folks, in the' oIC-eWK^nearthat the entire constabulary, of the colony, itid Che . whole of Victoria*a etandipg army.to bbeh-efagagedforovertwo months in a regular wild.goose chase, they may perhaps feel inclined to follow the example of the jackasses of the -Broken-River.' : "Aseridns ■*accident hanpenej 'oiiljtfciav afternoon at Lillirie station the Advocate}^ yopng/mtiried .woman *Tt ployed old homestead on thb; ■station,', a 1; brickbuilding,'which: haafbeennphearly .thirty. years,' ; The'un£ortanate camorband the coriier of one of the old walls, and was in the act of handing \- a letter to one hf the workmen,' when part ;bf the bid, structure' came down,’Completely. burying the wpinani-.! under .it, v;A. child ot hers waastanding.close by:at th e time, -but fortunately the T falling ‘walljust‘missed it, "only infliotiDg sop&r; slight scratchba bn ite face.- Willing hands . were boon at work to; extricate Mrs: Bates from nnder the ruins. When she was got out it was found she was suffering from extensive injuries to the head and'face, from which blood flowed freely. She was at- onca'iplaced in "a- 'vehicle at hand, and brought: inloi Beaufort- to ODf -Johnston; ■ who, jotaf examining .her," found that she had apparently been -torcMTace'dbwn by the wall, the‘injuries being opn fined to the back., of tb'e head and face, while the inner, lining, of 'the. noseJand mouth wpa shattered.. : Sho : had e\rtdently loat i deal of blqod,'and wasin a ' . vary weak state. AtB p.tn. la»t evening-ihe was pro... greasing jia. favorablyja jcould be expected,, under: the bare of'Dr noTtatar results ara'a'ntici-’ pated. j j,; —A~ visit to -the-Murtosr railway station (says tie DtinrnuiMe Standard) would tepay anyone/who cares] about toil SBdtirouble ” under peculiarly circumsttmoes. - As neither/ goods .shed nor platform 'ia'yetj Snished/tbe Workhas to be [.done oh'the / embankment in. thef-open air, and foe; ■about.- 200. yards up. and down. the. line the scene a most ’animated and,bustling appearance. |. Wheat, of course, absorbs most 'Attention 1 and‘covers most ground, thousands _of bags of this staple being piled upawaiting conveyance to the-trucks,: and they are ho sooner 1 disposed of; than-therobin is-again, similarly ocoupied./’ Prom'all points qf the compass team after team are' continually arriving,' 1 and what_ withthorapidmdvemehtebftheforwarilirig ! BgentB and ■of the railway rofflcialsl the. eloquence of the whbat buyers, the 'exphstulationk~qf';;seUera. .aid. .teamsters, the intermittent squeals from- the engines, it may :be readily imagined that the scene presents^/very Babel of noise, dust, and general worry. ‘The following are. the returns for~the week ending' 9th January:— Wheat, 6485 bags; flour,il4o bags. ./For the week ending 16tb January:—Wheat, 10,273 284 bags; barley,ls4jbagB; ,bran, 128 bags. The total'- number.qfbaga of wheat forwarded.since the opening ■oftbe line is 22,966; wbilethe total numberiof pro duce (mcliidiag wheat) i’sent 'away amounted to thef Bplendid-number of 24,168 bags. /i^.^’ as cc ; The Acclimatisation . Society-{says iha Jqtleliori TimaJ .have already distributed' this, season 20,450 young trout 1 , and' have'‘ stiir in thejgardena 700 more to he yet libeHitedj’making a tqtal of ’ 21/150 hatched out this year. Oa no.preyioua occasion has the society; been so successful, and to mark' their sense.of the; curator’s efforts in' their' behalf/:the council have voted him a donation of twenty guineas: u ; i y j: The -distress amongst artisans: and laborers! is[ aokhowledged-to be greater at the’/present' the, Tdegraph) thanitfaaa ever: been .before inTictoria. - -Scores hf - meh inay ba seen congregated -at the street corners and on the wharves daily with nothing to ilci, and their complaint is that they cannot obtain em£ ployment of ahy deeoriptidn. . tintviaw of ihisheplor able condition of things, and with the abject of bringing 1 the 'sbbjeot ; tbore ‘prominently under the notice,-of .;the public, a number of working-men have Headed to" bold a~meeting”of the'’ unemployed on the vacant piece of ground’oppoaite the Australian Wharf, at ll o’clock on -Tuesday morning-' If- is difficult to' see what good can accrue from these gatherings, ex-, cept.that it places the .destitution of the “ people ’’ beyond, the range ot question. . ’Cobb-and: Cos. have-announced a tri- weekly line of ! their coaches from Winchelsea to Ldrne (Lqutitt Bay). The coaches will leave Winchelsea on Mondays, Wed nesdays, and Fridays, at 10 a-m-j.-returningron Tues days, Thursdays,, and Saturdays, at -the' Bame hour, connecting with the Victbrian'railways." 1 fe ' : "■’ ,l i j , A considerable amount of money is',jlkaly .to. change 1 jhands -.over the walking match, Edwards. v..Abley, which will commence in the Alfred ; ball qn -'Tbarsday. Both men are in 'aotiva training, Edwards, who .is -i with an old Hew Zealand coach, at present quartered, some distance from Ballarat, is stated to be in battet form than he has been since arriving in ‘ the colony,- fit, as his painstaking and jolly agent, Harry Sanity,/ says, for any thing.- : Abley-is ; stated by.;, hla friends to bq.in rare fettle. and is'-quite hopeful ; of results. The walk will prove a really tough one, and will, So' doubt, draw crowded the hours run round, a4B hours.’ spin not being an : everyday occurrence. . Mr Jesse Shepard,/who was announced to gite a concert‘to-night, has postponed it till to-morrow even: ■ ibg,' when he will hold a.“grynd ; psychological, mes meric, clairvoyant, and musical soiree” in the oonoert .robm-.of 'the 3 Acidemy. pf- ; Music;:]-FulT-partibulais : -mll -.'ia/.'aiiotiwr., .;columD, from which it.will-be seendhat tbe admission' is se. Tickets: may be had at- the -doors, which [will be cloaed.at a quarter past 8 o’clock; after which there will be no admission. - V ! - : ’- , Mr -D’Afoy Bead has succeeded in obtaining another sheet of glass to replace the one that 'Was broken! by the late accident at the' Academy of MUsipi so that the delay/in producing the “ Ghioat ”, will'not ;ba so long-as was at; first anticipated. ...The loss,-fo Mr. Read has been considerable, as independently of the . glaas. other portions of the/ apparatus were injured, .and.thpiwlmlqjbqmp.epy were kspt.idle,J, Mf.Bead and hie aswtabM: are engaged day and night in malring the and they/sxe - confident by Friday; icis' not.ih tedded to commenoa’Bp*'Ghost Show” until Monday.next, so' the,public tfity- rely'oh seeing this /wonderful: exhibi tion as pisrfectiki if the/accidenl had not occurred., A; successful season is. looked-., for,-as it is a great Dovelty,'aad has leouredimmanae : business wherever shown.' ....... We are requested to mention that tickets for Miss -Botina Cariindini’s concert may be obtained from Messrs, Bard well, and Beauchamp, and'J; ‘Harrison. ; The company we drawing /splendid audienoes'during their country tour; andwill, hoßoubt, he;,weU/Rsfroni“dJberp;j B,'ij'jH'P.; iDI .r.T St Leon’s circus drew another crowded house on Saturday evening, there being scarcely standing room within the tent and money was refused at the doors. The performance was a repetition of Thursday’s enter tainment, and seemed to be greatly enjoyed by the vast crowd. Mr Perkins' feats on a tingle slack strand of what looks like pianoforte wire were really wonder fully managed. It is the nest performance of the kind we have ever had in Ballarat. Mr Perkins informs us that he has crossed the harbor in Sydney several times, and at Bathurst accomplished the extraordinary, feat of walking 10 ½ miles on a single-wire. The acrobats, as usual, were up to the mark in their startling evolutions. The equestrian feats told well, and the jokes by the clown, which apparently "custom does not stale,’' evoked peals of laughter. The circus will be open during the ensuing week, and an entire change, of programme is announced.mr St. Leon wishes us to state that the contractors (Messrs Stephens and Wardle), have given every satisfaction in the re-erection of the seats, so that there is no likelihood of a repetition of last week's accident. 