Rev. S Green on " Auricular Con fession." Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, there was a very fair attendance at St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, on Sunday evening, to hear the Rev. S. Green's promised discourse on " Auricular Confession." • The rev. gentleman took lor his text the 1-6 verses of the 9th. chapter of St. Matthew, and commenced by saying that many persons whose minds had not been intelligently diverted to the consideration of the feubjeH would perhaps fe6l Jalaftaaed at the ' unhesitating avowal ef the principle he wps aboftt to assert, and would be ready to think that if a priest believes and wishes to teach the doctrine of Auricular Confession and Absolution he ought to find a rest for his creed in another communion, and teach his-doctrine from the pulpit of another Church than the Reformed Church of England. He would, however, endeavor to show them that honesty required him to teach the doctrine as part of the Faith that was cherished as a sacred deposit by the Church they loved so welL The great difference between absolution as taught by the Church, of Rome and the Church of England was that the former made it compulsory, whilst with the latter it was voluntaiy, though the form of absolution of the English Church was stro-i-T " jind more direct than that used by any other Church in the world. "Pie rite had not always beon compulsory in the Church of Rome, for it was only in 1215 that it was made so by the Pope then reignihg, who passed a law requiring every adherent of his Church to go to confession once at least in every year. • The power •and authority of the priest to grant absolution were distinctly laid down in the priest'sjordination service in the Book of Common Prayer in use in the Anglican Churches. The Bishop, with the priests present, layingtheir hands severally upon the head of every pne receiving the order of priesthood, the Bishop says — V Receive the Holy Ghost, for the office and work of a Priest in the Church of God, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dost forgive, the;/ are forgiven ; and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained," &c.; Nothing could be more solemn and distinct than these words in the Ordination Service, and they were said after the candidate had solemnly declared his belief in all the doctrines of the Church. He (Mr. Green) was not arguing for the truth of the doctrine, but merely showing that the Church sanctioned it. Christ himself had given power and commandment to his Ministers, through His Apostles, to pronounce absolution of sins, and the same privilege was also specified in the Communion Service in the Common Prayer Book, as quoted by him on the previous Sunday night. The priest was to invite the sin-grieved soul to avail himself of the privilege of confession, that he might receive the benefit of "absolution; and the sick person also was to be moved to make a special confession of his sins if he felt bis conscience troubled. The Prayer Book, as it stood at present, did not contain a passage which the one previously in use did : it exhorted the penitent who was satisfied with the general confession not to be offended with such as should feel the need of auricular or secret confession to the quieting of his conscience, and such as should feel the need of secret confession to the priest not to be offended with those who were satisfied with confession to God and general confession to the Church. The Reformers—Cranmer, Ridley, Latimer, and others who had suffered martyrdom for their adherence to the Reformed faith—had never spoken against confession itself : only against its being compulsory. Indeed, they were in favor of general cohfession, and Luther had said on one occasion—"I would rather lose a thousand worlds than suffer private confession to be thrust out of the Church and Calvin had in equally strong terms declared himself in its favor. The next thing to be considered was the authority for the practice—whether it was modern or ancient. It St. John's Gospel, 20ch. 23v., it was related that Christ, after breathing on His apostles, said—" Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained." Here was the charter of the mighty gift. The Son of Man had power on earth to forgive sins : that power He gave unto His Apostles, to be transmitted by them to their successors in all generations. Mr. Green then quoted the testimony of St. Chrysostom, Melancthon, and Bishop Beveridge, regarding the power and duty of the priest to grant absolution, and referred to the custom adopted by the Primitive Church —viz., that if a man fell into sin he went to one of the priests, confessed his sin, and received absolution; then he was appointed to do penance, the chief part of which was to confess his sin before the whole congregation. But, as it was found that more evil than good resulted from this practice, it "was dispensed with. People thought much too slightly of their sins : we knew that by the mercy of God our original sins were washed, away by the sacred waters of baptism, but how were the sins which were deliberately committed afterwards to be atoned for ? We were told by St. Paul that "If we sin wilfully after we have received the knowledge of the truth there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins "—we cannot be renewed again unto repentance, having wilfully denied the Saviour, and crucified him afresh. And the sin- stricken soul might bewail that he had turned from the narrow path of life to the broad way of death; that he had sinned greatly ; and say—"If the Saviour were only on earth I would be hinderedby noperils, but woidd go to him confessing my sins; and—as His love and mercy are great—he might perhaps forgive them." But then he would think of the enormity of his sin, and, harassed by doubt and despair, would be well-nigh hopeless of forgiveness. But God had been pleased to give the sinner the victory over doubt and despair, by commissioning His Ministers to speak in His name ; the truly penitential spirit, therefore, could avail himself of the privilege of private confession to the priest and to God, and the priest, in God's name, could then pronounce absolution and the remission of sins. The priests did nothing in their own name, but in that of Jesus, their divine Master, to Whom Hie praise was ascribed—" Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto Thy Name we give glory." To grant absolution was as much the duty of the priest as to celebrate the sacraments of marriage and baptism, and there was no part of his duty from which he shrank so much as from hearing the confession of the wealmesses and sins of others, but he dared not refuse to exercise the power which Christ had given him. After enforcing the necessity for real contrition before the benefit of absolution could be received, Mr. Gre^n In concluding said—"If I have uttered one word hastily or unadvisedly, may God cause it to pass from your minds as though it had never been spoken, but, as I believe that this doctrine is part of the glorious Gospel of God, I exhort you, when you feel the need of this blessed privilege, not to be ashamed or afraid to go to some priest, tell him your sins, ask for God's forgiveness, and be assured by him of the pardon of your sins." [Mr. Green desires us to state that the words " abominable doctrine of transubstantiation," in our last report, should have read "transubstantiation in its grosser sense."] 