POLICE COUKT—ADELAIDE. THIS DAY. Satueday, Apeh 19. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M.] Emily Green was cbrrged with damaging four paneB of glass to the extent of 6s., and two flowerpots to the extent of 2s., the property of Margaret Morris, on April 18. Fined 10a. and ordered to pay the amount of the damage. Bridget Kain, John Thomas, and James Gordon were fined £1 for being drunk and using; indecent language. Moreom Bean, a boy, was charged, on the information of George Hurtle Crowder with stealing one bottle of ginger brandy, value Is. 6d.,the property of Win. Nathaniel Crowder, on April 19. The evidence showed that the de fendant had been told to get some corks from the upstairs department of Mr. Orowder's manu factory, and the bottle of brandy produced was found concealed in a box with the corks. When arrested he said "I don't care." To be im prisoned for twenty- four hours in solitary con finement. Jacob Evans was charged by H. Yockins, Superintendent of School Visitors with neglect ing to send his daughter, Sarah Evans, a child between 7 and 13 years, to school for a period of not less than 35 days during the quarter ending March 31,1879. The defendant pleaded not guilty. It was stated by a school visitor that the child in question was 10 years old, and J that her parents had sent her to service. They had been repeatedly called upcn and requested to send the child to school, and the usual notices to that effect had been served upon the defen dant but the girl had not been to school at all during the past nine months. When spoken to by the visitor the defendant said, " It's no use sending any notices, I shall pat the child to school when it pleases me." Fined 53. and fees. Professor Baldwin and Sirs. Baldwin continue to draw good houses at White's Rooms. Their exposure of spiritualism becomes real, and they make tricks facts. If it were possible to be deceived they know how to make the deception perfect, and those whose experience is that spirits act under phenomena which have no regular place in the unspiritual world will find somethiug to disillusionise them. The house was well filled ou Friday evening, and it may be supposed that those who went to realise dreams found that facts beat dreams altogether. Spectres there were indeed of Mr. Baldwin's creation, but ghosts are only ghosts after all, and if Pro fessor Baldwin cannot fix a ghost, then there is no skill in legerdemain, 