iraMIer. SKETCHES IN THE HIMALAYA. It is commonly understood that there is a considerable mortality among the children of the white population of India ; but of late years this evil has been greatly reduced by the establishment of "Sanatoria and 44 Chil- dren's Homes, " in the Himalaya Mountains. To the former regularly resort, at the commencement of the hot season, when the plains are no longer enjoyable, those who can command the means of a residence in that vast mountain-chain familiarly called " the Hills," where civil and military stations are now numerous, and life is spent in a temporary round of amusements, unknown to the people of England. Access to these sublime and beautiful regions is easy ; and between the mountain- tops and the picturesque valleys, perpetual summer may be found. These mountain- homes of our countrymen are not only thoroughly enjoyable to the lovers of Nature's beauties, but they also enable them to reproduce the domestic life of the mother country with all its homely joys ; and in so genial a clime, a sound mind in a healthy body finds abundant opportunities of following the pursuits of science and of literature in comparatively fresh fields. Leaving Umballa early one morning at the commencement of the hot season, we rode across country to Lalroo, a small vil lage, where we changed horses. Thence we cantered nine miles through a rich country, diversified by many pleasing bits of scenery, to the dak or staging buugalow of Busai, where we again mounted fresh horses, and galloped forward to the village of Munu- majra, at the entrance to the pass of the Sewalic or outer Himalayan range, which towards its eastern extremity presents a sharply serrated outline, with an average height of about thirteen hundred feet. Next morning we passed through this range — a distance of several miles — by tortuous water-courses and fragmentary roads, and entered the Valley of Pinjore, near the village of which are the splended terraced gardens of the Maharajah of Put- teala, a chieftain of the CiB-Sutlej States, whose unswerving fidelity to the British Go vernment during our wars with his country men the Sikhs has been rewarded with extensive additions to his territorial posses sions. Here are innumerable fountains and arti ficial cascades, sparkling with the pure waters of the mountain-streams which feed them; jets-d'eau shoot aloft and adown the marble canals ; whilst elegant pavilions of the same material afford the most charming retreats, where, lulled by the murmurs around, in an atmosphere filled with the perfume of the rose, jasmine, oleander, and orange, the oriental sybarite, lyith his hookah and, pomegranate sherbet, may conjure up waking dreams such as may have inspired the 44 Ara bian Nights." Now confronting the traveller rise the bold bluffs of the outer range of the Himalaya proper, to an elevation of about seven thousand feet ; and putting spurs to our horses, a five-mile ride along an excellent road brought us to the small village and English hotel of Kalka, at the base of the mountain on which stands the military station of Kussowlie. The ascent is by a steep and tortuous road about eight miles long. As we continue to ascend, the Sewalic range no longer obstructs the view of the plains beyond ; and in the far distance may be seen the winding Sutlej, pursuing its way like a silvery python along the boundary of the Punjab. A sudden turn of the road carries us to the northern side of the mountain, and the station of Kus sowlie breaks at once on the view; first the parade-ground, about an acre in extent, around which are the low, flat-roofed bar racks ; and gradually the various bunga lows of the residents, pel'ched here and there upon every available scarped spur or ledge of rock, and surrounded by dark fir- trees (Finns longifolia) and various shrubs, of which more presently. A stranger ar riving during the dry season would not be aware of the splendid panorama, which a dusky haze obscures; but after a day's rain the magnificent scene is revealed in all its wondrous features. This station, one of the earlier established sana toria, is named after the small hamlet of Kussowlie, which is situ ated in a valley- below. From the roads which wind along the spurs of the mountain, the view looking north embraces seven distinct ranges, including the Sublime Snowy Range, whose sharply serrated peaks rise to an altitude nearly twice that of Mont Blanc. In the middle distance lie the military stations of Subathoo, Dugshai (and the Lawrence Asylum) ; while farther off may be distinctly seen the deodar (Him alayan cedar, often a hundred feet high) crowned heights of Simla. From about the 1st of May until the rains commence on the 15th or 16th of June, the aspeot of these mountains is barren and parched, reminding one of sheets of crumpled brown paper ; the foliage of the fir-trees is reduced to scanty brown tnfts ; the incessant ham of insect-life becomes tiresome ; while occasionally the sun breaks forth with great fervour through the reddish haze. At night, thousands of fire-flies cover the stations as it were with glittering sparks, and not unfre- quently one may hear the distant rumbling of thunder. But in the valleys the aspeot of Nature, even at this season, is very different. Here, instead of fir-trees and the wild pear, we find magnificent walnnt and apricot trees; and wherever a spring of water gushes from the cleft rook, one is generally sure to find the delicate Himalayan primrose, the dark- scented and pale violet, strawberries, and at certain periods of the year, yellow and white jessamine, St. John's wort, wild-roses, azure rocket, flowering ferns, thickets of the crim son rhododendron, and gnarled oaks ; besides a great variety of other flowering shrubs and plants. One of these romantic little streams at Kossowlie has its source in a ferny clefti shaded by willow and walnut boughs, while along its course the narcissus and iris, marvel of Peru, blue pimpernel, eglantine and musk roses, grow in abundance ; but although the spot seems to he in a state of nature, it may he questionable whether some of the plants just mentioned are really indigenous. The curious " leaf -insect, "as well as the "walking- stick," or twig-insect, maybe seen at Kussowlie, but more rarely than at the stations of Mussoorie and Landour, at certain times of the year. There is also a singular tree- beetle, whicb, attaching a crooked instru ment with which Nature has provided it to any -twig which it wishes to cut off from the tree, spins its ' body round on this curious axis, until, after a loud buzzing sound, it falls, with the twig whioh it has sawn off, to the ground. These beetles, at certain seasons, are so numerous and active as to become a positive nuisance. Tbe north-eastern extremity of Kussowlie is bounded by a finely stratified peak, which rises sharply at the farthest turn of the road, and is understood to be the highest point of this ridge. It is called by the Puharries or hill- men, Kama Deva, or the Mountain of the Hindu god of Love, Kama ; but by the English residents, "Tapp's Nose." On the summit is a rude shrine of unhewn stones about two and a half feet high ; and on the horizontal stone over the aperture there is a rude representation in relief of the god Radra. (This deity or idol is sufficiently rare to be worthy of special remark.) Being interested by the discovery of a comparatively rare image, we made some slight excavations, and were able to trace the foundation of a more extensive building, and also the remains of a well ; but in such a situation, for what purpose it was used, except as a tank, it would be diffioult to say. ThiB fine rook commands a magnificent view of the plains on the one hand, and of the inner Himalaya on the other. It is sometimes also called Monkey Hill, from the V ' V- vast numbers cf small brown monkeys that frequently resort to it ; although it does not bear any herbage whatever but grass, and does not present any special attractions to the lower animals, unless we assnme that monkeys are capable of appreciating the picturesque. Europeans after but a short residence in the Himalaya, acquire a facility in even cantering down roads ou their sure-footed mules and ponies which at first might have appeared only suited to the careful pedestrian. The widest of the roads connecting the stations are seldom more than about six feet broad, with rooks on the one hand, and a precipitious descent on the other. In some places however, the road3 are so steep that precautions are necessary, at the slowest pace, to prevent the saddle slipping over the pony's neck. Occasionally, and especially after heavy rain, accidents occur to those who try " short-outs " by the pugdundis or narrow footpaths used by the natives. How the celebrated Mohammedan invader of yore, after the sack of Delhi, managed with his wild hordes, laden with plunder, safely and rapidly to penetrate these mountains, and to leave no trace behind, in the short space of time which history records, is still a prob lem. They came and went like a flight of locusts ; and the difficulty of their retreat can only bo realised by one who has actually travelled in the few and torturous passes of the tremendous barrier fnterposed between India and Central Asia. Leaving Kussowlie at five o'clock, we used to consider it a fair average ride to reach Subathoo by seven, although, the actual distanoe cannot be more than nine miles. Two-thirds of the way are occupied in the descent of the Kussowlie range, at the base of whioh a stream must be crossed ; and after that there is a gradual ascent to Subathoo, whioh lies about three thousand feet lower than the other station. The station of Subathoo is, for a hill-station, com paratively fiat ; yet it has been fonnd neces sary to build many of the houses on the lofty emineuoes surrounding it; while a square native fort, flanked at the angles by round towers, has a picturesque aspect beside the low flat- roofed barracks. Beyond Subathoo, the road again descends. The bare rocks, ou which only euphorbiaceous plants seem to grow, present a forbidding appearance, which is increased by the grotesque forms of this genus of plants. At the bottom of the next valley, about five miles on the road to Simla, there is a beautiful and rapid river, whioh is spanned by an iron suspension bridge. Imposing rocks rise on each side of the stream, along the face of which, by blasting, a road has been made. About a quarter of a mile beyond this river is the uninteresting dak bungalow of Hnrrypore ; and beyond it the road is tiresome and monotonous. On one occasion, although during the dry season, we were overtaken by a storm, at about four o'clock in the afternoon. "We had observed heavy clouds gathering in the north-west, accompanied by the distant mut tering of thunder. The darkness rapidly increased, and in half an hour more the storm burst overhead with astounding fury. Peal upon peal of thunder reverberated from rock to rock, and from mountain-top to valley, in rapid succession, accompanied by incessant flashes of lightning and wild squalls of sleet. Urging on our pony to its utmost speed, we soon reached the next staging bun galow at Synie thoroughly drenched, and glad of a refreshment of milk and excellent wild raspberries. The storm had now died away. It was about six o'clock when the setting sun burst forth from a canopy of golden clouds with a startling effulgence. There was something solemn in the suddeu and profound repose of Nature ; and the grandeur of this effect was much heightened by a magnificent and perfect rain- bow completely spanning tbe valley before us, and dyeing tbe rocks at each extremity with its iridescent hues. Leaving Synie at dusk on government mules, after a most fatiguing ride, we arrived at Simla about ten o'clock, and proceeded at once to the Pavilion Hotel, when, having had supper, conducted by a guide, we soon found the bungalow which we had rented for the season. On awaking next morning we were charmed with the sitnation of our new residence, which was perched on the top of a spur of the mountain, and commanded a fine view. The garden in front of the verandah was not more than twelve feet from the brink — not indeed of a precipice, but of a steep descent, tbe angle of wkicti was so sharp, that anyone falling over mu3t have rolled down at least a thousand feet. Iu this small garden plot there was a profusion of the loveliest pink cabbage-roses in full bloom. - Over the amphitheatre of mountains directly in front one might see, through a gap, Subathoo and Kussowlie; and in the extreme distance, the carpet-like plains stretching far beyond Umballa to the horizon's verge. Our bungalow was shut in at the sides by gigantio pines and deodars. Beyond these, to the eastward, at a higher elevation, might be seen the bazaar; and still farther off, the picturesque Jocko, dotted over with Swiss cottages and bungalows. The station of Simla rose at the back of our house, and occupied the remainder of the scene. The grandest feature in the scenery is, of course, the majestic Snowy Range, which rises from the valleys and lower ranges to the north of Simla in a stupen dous mass, that at the first view is almost overpowering in its effect on the mind even of those who have travelled in the Alps. It is with difficulty that- the mind realises such vast altitudes. Far above the region of animal life, these stainless peaks rise into the blue empyrean, so little of the earth earthly, that in the early morning, when first struck by the beams of the rising sun, before the latter have illumined their base3, which are lost in the grey blue of distance, they seem, cut off by the limit of perpetual snow, like a magic canopy, midway between heaven and earth. Some times . at sunset, for a few minutes, the Snowy Range assumes a roseate hue, which suddenly vanishes, as it were, in the twinkling of an eye, and presents them in a silvery grey aspect — " distinct but dis tant ; clear, yet, oh, bow cold !" But it is in the-'moonlight that these awful solitudes seem most ghost-like, for at such an eleva tion there are no clouds ; and when the lower .atmosphere is also clear, the effect is in the highest degree sublime. But from the stations to the eastward, such as Mussoorie and Landour, the Snowy Range appears even grander than from Kussowlie and Simla, for from the former the Beaks above tbe sources of the Ganges and Jumna, beautiful in form, are conspicuous ; while farther to the east may be perceived, overtopping the range, the extreme point of Kunchinchunda, one of the highest elevations on the face of the globe. 1 The aspect of these hill stations, as they are called, varies considerably. Thus while the noble cedars and pines of Simla and its sisters give a cold character to the scenery, the noble oaks of Mussoorie and Landour, garnished with beautiful ferns and epidendrons on their mossy trunks and branches, clothe the mountain-sides with the beauty of almost tropical vegetation. During the rainy season the atmospheric effects are quite magical. Thus when one i3 enveloped in rolling clouds which shut out the 6unshiue, a sudden break in the former will disclose . some sunny spot, bright and green like a landscape painted in enamel, on some loftier mountain, near enough to be quite distinct. One of the earliest harbingers of the rainy season is the gigantio adjutant bird; and about the beginning of June these solitary Btorks may be observed standing like sen tinels on projections of rocks faoing the plains, at an elevation of betweeiv six and seven thousand feet. At this season the sudden changes from light to darkness and from darkness to light, the roar oi water falls leaping a thousand feet and more in some places into the ravines below, and the beauty of the floral world, present com binations on so grand a scale tbat it would be impossible for the best of artists to give ! even the faintest idea of the whole. These effects in spring are even more remarkable, when amid the lingering snows, the crimson rhododendron rises like a pyre of flame, to the height of thirty feet and oven more; while the wild- vines and tbe white wild-roses, _ on white-like stems, entirely envelop theriargest pear-trees with a profusion of blossoms. But it is in winter that these mountains are grandest, for it i3 then — in January — that the most terrific thunderstorms pre vail, and the lightning illuminates the pathless snows away in the far distance. In the inky blackness of night, from Lan dour for instance, the whole of the sister- station of Mussoorie will suddenly be revealed by one brilliant flash ; and the next moment, darkness the most profound shuts out even the nearest objects a few paces off, while the thunder rolls not only above and around but below. In winter, however, there are generally but few Euro peans resident in these mountains; for those who are not required to return to the plains seek summer again in the enchanting Valley of Dehra Dhoon, which may be reached in an hour and a half ; and whence, amid flower9 and sunny gardens, there is a pleasure, with the aid of an opera-glass, in surveying one's late home buried in snow, and exposed to the fury of the elements, while we are enjoying the temperature of Italy, in the late spring ; and picnics and sporting excursions in the neighbourhood with their endless round of amusement. During " the season" in the Himalaya, the gaieties are incessant, and the enter tainments given by the wealthier visitors are generally on a princely scale. Balls , parties, picnics, shooting matches, archery, and other games, rapidly succeed each other, and at these gatherings many marriages are annually " arranged." But although one might suppose that the English in these charming summer re treats were the most frivolous people on the face of the earth, there are always a few who "love not man the less, but Nature more," and who profit by the op portunities afforded of making many valu able additions to our store of knowledge. Indeed, amongst the officers of the Indian army are many excellent naturalists, un known to fame, and also others whose scientific acquirements generally have not always been sufficiently brought to public notice. — Chambers' Journal. 