MELBOURNE. 27th May. ( FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The Cabinet met to-day. The question of appoint ing Mr Mason's fish Commission was not entertained Mr Mason is at the present time. fishing in troubled watery and his boat is generally in seine. Even with thissortof net he does'not.catch much. ■ : a j The directors of . .the ProTinoialandSuburbah Bank ipterViewadthaSeoreWy-lor-RiUwayathUmbrnifag in the absence of the Minister,, in order to ascertain’ .what amount was payable ‘to Mr; Higgins in respectjof. . his.contract. :The proceedings-; were,-. of course, pri :Vatey as legal rights would be' prejudiced by disclosing: them. ' The action';'bf thh bank officials -with : respect, •to . their 'deolaration of their . note issue! was referred to ata meeting of. the Cabinet to-day, but no definite .cobrae frill' at present be ,taken; -The’ shareholders have been summoned to meet on Mbnday,tHe9th 'of June, to pass.; the necessary resolutions, placing. the \- bank’s'affairs in tha handa of the gentlemen who now .act as a eommittee.of.inspection.fi: The.directbn.and managerhave-decided to meekly accept the castigation : they' have received from the 'metropolitan: press, and \- not intend to waste ° their'valuably, energies in bringing libel actions. -'' They 'intendto -lay. their-' de*. fance.together with their valuation of-the -assets, which is considerably Ugher, than; Mesan, Elderjand Tallentino’s, before thoaharaholdera at the forthcom ing meeting. Allthe officials of ..the: bank appear to 'act on the assumption " that' Its 'failure is'nothing to nobody, with .the exception of- the shareholders. They do not appear to have capacity to understand .that as soon as an institution of-this character-'limes notes and accepts, deposits from'.thepublio,.both ■note holders and depositors' have ans interest ■in its’opera tions quite as much- as small ahareholdera; 1 whose whole risk does, not in many, instances,;exceed £lO. note.-.-,. f ■ ir i At the meeting of the'Executive Councils to-day, 1 it ’ was'decided that thera should be no mtarterence/with -the operation ef.the lawi which rv&lb;ßdnlyoxeoofod on James Hogan, convicted at Beeohwortby-under committal from YarraWonga, of -fratricide.'-The execu tion, w, to take plaoa ’on, Monday'week. , ,': , • •; f There ia growl in town.aa totho action ;of our mayor m issuing circulars to the- councillors' stating-that he, with; a majority of tho'council, bad de cided upon giving.a.ball. to tha right wbralupful the Mayor and Mayoress of Sydney,: each councillor being invited-to subscribe five-guineas,‘ receiving-’for'that slim.five invitation tickets for disposal. There is a' feeling that the mayor and the. majority - have .-.some-: what hurried'matters, that the invitations have been sent out at too'short date',- and "that the bourse pur . sued has been, to say the .least, unusual.,- i j ’ The loco and Levien Board'have laid a Hollow r egg -and adjourned to cackle oyer it. - Finding'to-day-‘that Mr Barker had not completed the taxingef Mr luce’s' costs, they have reported—" That the taxation of ' the costa in the case of lnce and Leviennot having been completed'in 'accordance with the prbvisibns of' the Parliamentary Cos ts : Act of 1877, -the. board .consider that there is nothing'before them on which .tobaae any recommendations, and beg lb report accordingly.’’ P/ofoseor Pepper is coming tp'Melbourno, , / Jit ia-to :be hoped that on his arrivalthe ghost will-walk,” which sayis hot its’regularhabit at allthe MelbourneJJieatres.; - - \ -Tenders were opened to-day for the undermentioned works required by the Department. The following were announced as being the lowest,;— Fencing school reserve at Hotham, W. H. Naylor, £34; erection ofr wooden school and quarters, Diggong, J. Cowper, £298 lss; erection of..wooden school at VVarragsmba, J. Wbittlaaton, £388.14s fid; erection of wooden school, at Qerrard’a Corner, 'JI. Orr, £489 Ss; ; wooden additions to teacher’s House' at . school 1218, Collmabbin, S. H. Farrell, £135 fis.! The stakes won at the late-Melbourne Hunt:. Club meeting were paid to-day.; The following are th'e namce of tbe- winners,-with-the amounts aecured.by.thom:— Mr H. Frederick, £ll5, for the Steeplechase,' won by Goulburn; Mr W. Barley,'£so, for the Hurdle Race, won by Monk; Mr H. Horley, £5O, for the Corinthian Flat Race, won by Blazes; Mr A. K. Finl»y,£so,for the Handicap Flat. Race,'won .by Tocal; and Mr. J, Jones, £5O, for. the-Birthday Stakes, won by Sea King. : L- v,;. ’ The steamer Victorian, for. Adelaide, tookaway the remaining contingent of bookmakers.' ' Miss Dargon, the well-known tragedienne; Messrs Cook and Kil kenny,. the billiard champions; and the .Baker and Farron company were. also passengsra by: the steamer. The Kerang,Land Board appeals; again came before the Minister of Lands this'morning. .On the Minister staking his seat Mr. A. O. Mooreappliadfor an~adjouru meut, as Dr Madden, the barrister for the .was uuable.to.be. (present.until. Thursday. Mr Long more said be iwould accede to the application, but it must be understood that it would be the last adjourn ment he would grant. "In reply to Mr- Moore,the Minister stated he would'not r giye.the names of.any persona, who furnished ; him with, the' ; information which-ledtotho board being- appointed. l - j 