QWWAb mwa. ]■;(, A*sale, of' knfcupoja credit in the Hun-' droits. of :Mount, Muirhead and Bivoli Bay, County Grey, ,waa;-commenceA at: the Govern ment Land Office on; Tuesday morning. There wasa very,huge attendance, and: some high prices were realised, the bidding beinghrisk. > : The rainfall between 9 a;m. on Monday and the same hour on Tuesday is registered as follows:— ' - Adelaide ... 0595 Auburn .... 0!330 Balaklava ... 0*050 Cape Borda ... 0'170 Cape Jervis .... 0 070 Caltowie ... 0*033. Clare ... ... .0:180. Edithburgh ... 0360 Fanell's Flat... 0*150 Fowler's Bay... 0*150 Gawler... ... 0210 Georgetown ... 0040 Gumeracha ... 1*170 Hoyleton ... ~ 0130 Jamestown ... 0*080 Kapnnda ... 0 250 Kingscote ... 0385 Kingston . 0*410 Kooringa • ... 0*300 Laura ... .;. 0*050 MaitlatidV ...; 0*lfe0 Melrose'! ... 0(:Q70' Miilicent' ' ... 0*410 MountBarker "_-t 0*820 Mount Gambler 0*490 Mount Pleasant 0840 Mount Torrens " 1*210 :Noarluhga ...• 0*160 Normanville ... 0*340 Overland Corner 0 020 PorfcLincola .... 0*120 BedhiU ... 0*100 Biverton ... 0 330 Bobe ... ... 0*430 Stansbury ... 0150 Strathalbyn ... 0*460 Streaky Bay ... 0*010 Tannnda ... 0*450 Willunga ... 0 510 Yorketown ... 0*300 Mr. L. fl. * Sholl has been appointed Cashier in the Treasury in place of Mr.. A.' Heath, who Waa appointed to thA office of Sec retary to the Minister of Education, and we believe that Mr. Todd fills Mr. Sholl's place. The Central Australian of August 2. states tbatl76 head of cattle have leftNelyambo,' MeBsrs. - Finlay, Campbell, & Co., for Adelaide markets. ^ The Government Eesident in the Nor thern Territory has telegraphed to the Minister of Education Btating. that he haB arranged for the passage of < the.- lunatic Eeynolds.who will be. accompanied by a special constable, in the Ocean. • - .• i.'.:: ■; . ' . We are requested to state that the illu minated address presented to Mr. and Mrs. Gustay Kindermann on the occasion of their silveYwedding, a notice of which appeared in Monday's issue,'was printed ait Abe establish ment of Messrs. Carey' & Page,' and that both Mr.'Carey and. Mr. Page contributed to the design., . ' : Thomas Dyke, age 26, was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on • Monday suffering from injuries to his light hand caused through its coming into contact .with a moulding machine whilst working at Port Adelaide on the same day. A youth named William Nolan residing at Prospect was also admitted on Mdn ceived by its getting into the cogs of a chaff cutting machine. With reference to the non-arrival .in London of the barqne Ismyr, which sailed from Port Adelaide on February. 16 loaded with wheat, the attention of the Marine Board has been called to a report made about that time by the.headkeeper of the Althorpe Lighthouse, stating that a barque had been seen stranded off Beef Head. From the description given of the vessel it is probable that it was. the fsmyr, and if so she may,possibly ;have-sustained such damage as would prevent her making a speedy passage. - The following tenders were opened at* the public offices on Monday:—Engineer- in Chief's Department.—For the erection of engine shed * and" workshops, Kingston (six), W. Wishart's was the lowest. Forming road to goods-shed at Millicent (two), M. Williams's, was' the lower. Ar chitect-in- Chief's Depart ment—For the erectipn. of police cells at Eu dunda (three), F. Severn's was the lowest. For the erection of Police Station at Echnnga (seven), J. Kennedy's was the lo west. For the erection of laundry at Parkside. Lunatic Asylum (seven), that of .W. 'King, jun., was the lowest. ...... The largest exhibit that will be sent from Adelaide to the Sydney Exhibition is a railwhy carriage, whichhas been conBttucted in the Government workshops; It is' built on , a modified form of the American principle, ;*th6.?eiht»ahce being St hither endti and : tbe seats robbing down the sidfc8;of the Carriage .as. in thetrkmcarsi Aboht turb- thirds'of the* length is devoted to the sscond-clas^, the. first-class wrephr tment being divided by a partition.' The second-class seats, are of : polished cedar, bat those of the first-classareof cane, with cushions; for-the-back in the corners, anfi this apartment! is exceedingly comfortable in appearance. *This . style in which the: carriage; is finished, is neat and serviceable, and the workmanship,will bear comparison with the best imported articles. ! 1,. .An' accident which shows the necessity for'imposing strict conditions- on persons: driving through crowded streets occurred on Monday afternoon. A gentleman was' walking' across King William-streethear the Imperial: Hotel when one of the Kensington' cabs ran1 into .him mid knocked .him down. When under; the 'very feet of the Worses, and before the! wheels' , of the' vehicle -could "pass over; Jbh^he'.managed to wriggle out of the way.; A crowd whioh had quickly collected were' under the impression that the accident was a', much more serious- one than it really was, and' it was with evident relief that they saw the gentleman stand up. Although of course very muoh shaken he did not' appear to have sus-' tained any great injury, hat the escape mast certainly he regarded as a most marvellous one.. On Monday evening,'August 11, ftn en-: tertainment was given in the Ganger- street; Academy hy the Buckley ComicConoertOom pany." 'The entertainment was very good of its kind, and met with appreciation at the hinds of asmairaudience. A varied.programine was carried out with success, the ditferentper formers! acquitting th emselvescredit&bly;, M?, Buckley, I who is an old favorite,' appeared in two or three! character songs. and dances, and' met with' a j hearty' reception; while : the other 'members of ( the company were' ''regarded for their vocal efforts in character and otherwise. Thestep-| dancing, was fully up to the average, and aj ' Highland flingbya lady was especially' gbdd.! The concerts are to be given every'Satqrday and: Monday, and theUtrength of the company is.to; be. augmented by the engagement' of additional; 'W«b' ' . . :• " -There was acapitalattendaticeat "White's Booms on Monday evening to witness the ghost ; performance, which was. thoroughly enjoyed. The customary distribution of presents was also much enjoyed—at least by the lueky recipients.'; We have received from the publishers, Messrs. Webb, Vardon, & Pritchard, a copy of a pamphlet on the Elcum controversy, entitled "Parties in the Church," by a Layman of the Church of England. \- There was a gooid attendance at the Theatre Boyal on Monday evening, when the ; burlesque ef "Bluebeard" was repeated./ The dress circle was not well-filled, but the Btallsl and pit were patronised largely and the galleryj was moderately full. The- bnrlesqne went very; well, although occasionally .there was a slight! hesitancy on the part of. the chief performers as' if they were not thoroughly up. in, the text or' had a difficulty in taking the one. The children's dance was pretty and .amusing, and as a whole the piece passed of successfully. At the Glen psmond Institute oh Thurs day evening, August 7i'an entertainment wasj given, on behalfofthe "funds 'of the Institute by "the memb ersof. the, Halifaxrgtreet School, Under the direction1 of Mr. T.' S. Lang. The pro gramme, which'' comprised.' vocal. and instru mental music, reoitations, two scenes from tho "Merchant of( Venice,"..thefamoua quarrel scene in " Marian Ohuzzle^it,'' and a negro sketch, was gone through by the various per formers in a very pleasing xtianner.' The second scene from theMerchant of Venice," the quarrel betweep Sairey Guinp mid .Betsy .EriSf; , and a flute solo by B. Corrigan wCll desorved ; the applause accorded themTjy the audience.. —^Phe-musical and literary entertainment ' to he' givOn tins evening in -the Town"-Hall, in' aid of the Organ Fond of St. Michael's Church, Mitobam, promisee to be a complete suooess. A very satisfactory rehearsal was held on Monday evening, when the choruses by about 150 children were given with good effect. The Military Band will perform during the evening, and in ad dition to the principal feature of the entertain ment, viz., the "Musical Bobinson Crusoe," a very- choice programme has been prepared. The explanatory lecture will.be given by the Bev. J. Francis Hooter, MA.T Mr. S. • Dyke, who has trained thetchildren, will act as conductor; Mr. Oughton as organist; ahd Mr.:W. B. Pybus, as pianist. The concert is nnder the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, Colonel Downes, and officers of the military force. 