THE INTERCOLONIAL HATCH. VHTTOfiU V. HEW SOUTH WALES. The 24th intercolonial match, which com menced jpttterdar. *od vol! Jbp continued to-day find Monday, oa Jfie. Melbourne Crickfct-ground, bet ween tlie pr&ck; players 41 Mew Sooth W-alea sm V^ctqS^ lua, /owing to tliedoeenaasol this cootost in Noremjxp last, Jj^ lcwked /ocwMd to Witt},* lugce^ amoont tt ini$reet b/ all lovars ^ ^tipket in coming off until 1865. This was a great sur prise for our friends across the Murray. They brought over an eleven against whom it was thought our men hadn't the ghost of a chance; but, contrary to expectations, the Victorians played in brilliant form, and won by an innings and 20 runs. Hewitt and Sam Cosstick, and the Englishmen Caffyn and Laurence, were included in the New South Wales team. New South Wales had ample revenge the following year, the match ending in her favonr by an innings and 13 runs. Victoria replied by scoring six successive victories ; and it was the prevailing impres sion, owing to these continuous reverses, that the light of Sydney cricket had com pletely gone out But such was not the case, for in 1874 they once more turned the tables on Victoria, and won by Bix wickets. Since then six matches have taken place, and Victoria in each of them has, chiefly through the fine bowling of Evans, Coates, Spofforth, and Ti&dall;, suffered defeat, though in the last two games victory was gained by the rival colony more by good Tuck than by superior skill Turning from these bygone matches to the present one, the result of which is being anxiously waited for by thousands both here and. in New South Wales, it may be safely said, provided the fine weather should con tinue, that there nill be some tall scores made, and that cricket of a high class is sure to be exhibited. New South Wales is repre sented by a first-rate all-round team, though it would have been stronger had Evans been able to come. In batting, there is an excel lent four in the two Bannermans, Murdock, and Nat. Thompson, vrhile a really weak batsman cannot be pointed out in the eleven. In bowling, they have Spofforth, commonly known as the "demon" since his great per formances in the old country; Coates, gene rally very effective against Victorian bats men ; Garrett, a very good right-handed faBt bowler; and Tindall, medium pace, whose average has been invariably good against our men. Their fielding should be Al, A. Ban nerman, in particular, being as near per fection as possible. The Victorians have also a team good in all departments of the game. D. Campbell, Horan, M'Donnell, ana Slight are capital batsmen, and Boyle, Blacknam, Alexander, Allan, and Palmer are not far behind. In bowling, Allan, Alexander, Boyle, Kendall, and Palmer-an array that would be hard to excel: and in the field the team ought to be splendid. Altogether it would appear that the elevens are very evenly matched, and that the winners of the toss should win the match. It may be mentioned as something worthy of note that the veteran Nat Thomp son has played in these interesting contests for more than 21 years, his first match being at Melbourne in January. 1858. He has lots of cricket in him yet, ana will probably give the Victorians some trouble in this match! The following table shows the results of the various matches played: Date. Where Played. Winning Side. Mar. 1866 J*n. 1857 Jin. 1858 J ML 1659 Feb. 1860 Jan. 1861 Jan. 1802 Feb. 1863 Sec. 1865 Dec. 1866 Dec. 1867 Mar. 1809 Feb. 1870 Mar. 1871 Mar. 1872 Mar. 1878 Dec. 1874 Mar. 1875 Dec. 1875 Feb. 1876 Dec. 1877 Feb. 1878 Nov. 1879 Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne 8ydney Sydney . N.8. Wales by 8 wickets . N.8. Wales by 66 runs . Victoria by 171 runs . Victoria by 2 wickets . Victoria by 60 rang . Victoria by 21 runs . Victoria by 10 wickets . N.8. Wales by 84 runs . Victoria by 1 innings and 20 runs . N.8. Wales by 1 innings and 18 runs . Victoria by 7 wickets . Victoria by 78 runs . Victoria by 864 runB . Victoria by 48 runs . Victoria by 1 innings and 26 runs . fiatoria by 24 runs . HJ3w Wales by 6 wicketa . N.8. Wales by 77 runs . N.8. Wales by 1 innings and 3 runs .. N.8. Wales by 195 rang . . N.8. Wales by 1 innings and 6 runs, . K.S. VMS by 1 wicket and 2rUM \- N.B. Wtifes by 32 runs. The following are the VICTOEU. Allan Alexander Boyle Blackham Cooper, W. H. Campbell, D. Horan Kendall M'Donnell Palmer Slight Emergency-Groube Umpire-Terry Scorer-Plummer. teams NBW SOUTH WALES. A Bannermaa C. Bannermau Coates Davis Garrett Murdock Powdl Spofforth Tindall Thompson Emergency-Geary Umpire-Swift Scorer-BeaL Yesterday the twenty-fourth intercolonial match between Victoria and New South Wales was commenced on the Melbourne ground, and judging by the splendid total of 338 put together by the Victorians (the highest score yet made in an inter colonial match), the matcli promises to be remarkable for tall scoring; for, should'; the weather continue hot and dry, the New South. Welshmen, with their splen did array of batting talent, will certainly; prove good enough for over 200, provided of course that they have a fair share of gpod luck. Boyle was fortunate in winning the toes, for in good weather, and on an excel lent wicket, the first men in generally gain a good few points by having the best o£&e; wicket, tiring their opponents ogtin the said,; and discouraging them by setting a large totajL It cannot be said that the fielding of the Sydney men was first-class, for at the start eevem instances <?f looseness occurred, and there seemed to be* want of unity of actipn; throughout. Murdock at the wicket* was very gqod, however, and so was A. Banner J&au; afc cover and ip the long field* npt a #Iitaqr misUke being made by hipa., PjOfftU -PQVfcTfcd A , lot 4>f capitally to it^e wicjket keeper, but o# t*vo oi, three occasions he appeared to bp moved*)?. it-desire to throw ^eJ^th|>eEo«p he got it , Nat Thompson fiel^wyf#11, Gar Berved the great applause which greeted him him on his return to the pavilion. He now andthen seemed unable to meet the ball with' | the full face of the bat, but his' hitting was' sound and telling, aa Spofforth, I believe, can testify; Horan played an excellent innings for 43, and appeared to be very much dissatisfied with the 1 b w decision given by the Sydney umpire. His hitting was very well-timed and clean, and he gave not the shadow of a chance. He and Alex ander put 92 runs together before they were separated, and it may be here stated that 100 runs were made within an hour from starting. Slight was-as he invariably ie in inter colonial matches-very unlucky, he being run out jost when he had comfortably Bettled down. Boyle played in capital trim for 36, and Allan's 34 may be bracketed with Boyle's contribution as being made by good cricket and without a ohance. There were five men out for 157 when Allan went in, but he and his captain put a very different complexion on the game, a separation not having been effected until over 200 had been made. If Allan or Boyle had fallen speedily it would have been quite on the caras that a collapse might have ensued. Kendall surprised everybody with his Bcore of 43. Two or three balls were by the majority thought quite enough for him, but he hit out lustily and well, and put his runs together at a very rapid rate. Black ham's 41 not out was the outcome of patient and determined batting. He maintained a splendid defence, and scored when occa sion offered, his cutting being a treat to witness. The weather was very oppressive, the atmosphere being close ana heavy, and causing the players to ad journ for refreshments rather frequently. The attendance, considering the many counter attractions, was splendid, fully 9,000 persons being present during the afternoon. The grand stand and laaieB' reserve were well patronised by the fair sex, whose gay and handsome toilettes set off the surroundings most agreeably. THE PLAY. At noon sharp, Boyle having won the ton from Coatee, and electing to take advantage of the fine weather and splendid Wicket, sent in Alexander and ll'Donnell against the bowling of Spofforth and Coates. Alexander placed Spofforth's firat ball neatly to leg for a triplet, which, with a double to the game batsman for a neat cut, followed by 4 byes and a tingle, sent the first 10 up. The next 10 quickly followed, a triplet to Alexander for an off- drive and a grand straight hit by Percy M'Donnel) for 4 off Spof forth, being the principal items; 4 to H'Donnell for a fine drive off Spofforth, with 2 to Alexander off Coatea, supported by singles, caused 80 to appear on the register in less tnan 20 minutes from the start. Shortly afterwards Spofforth sentdown a leg-break that was too good for ll'Donnell, and he retired with a well earned 12 to his credit One for 39, and Horan filled the breach. Alexander hit Coates to leg for 3, and Horan sent the next in fine style to square-leg for a quartette, Alexander repeating the performanoe in the "demon's" next over. 60 up. Tindall relieved Coatee, and Horan hit bis first ball to leg for 4, which, with another 4 to Alexander off Spofforth, followed by a single, produced 60 on the board, 70 and 80 rapidly succeeding. Garrett, who had gone on vice Spofforth, was at this stage cut neatly U> the pavilion for 4 by Horan, and this, with a double to Alexander and a triplet to Horan, sent 90 up. Maiden to Tindall, and the veteran Nat Thompson relieved Garrett. Single to Alexander off Nat, with a brace to Horan off the same bowler to forward cover, and a triplet to Alexander off Tindall in the dips, with a like number off the same batsman in Thompson's next, caused the century to appear on the telegraph in jost about an hour's play. Buns came vary ust after this, Horan being very rough on Coates by smiting him for three tourers in one over, and it was not long before 120, and then 130, were re corded. At 131 the players adjourned for lunch, Alexander being not out 70, and Horan not out 43. On resuming Horan was given out first ball 1 b w to Coates. 2-43-131. Slight joined Alexander, who, when 140 had been chronicled, was neatly caught by A. Bannerman at cover-point off Ooates. 3-75-140. Campbell took the vacant wicket; but he was not destined to perform bril liantly, for after 160 had appeared 8pofforth sent down an undeniable breakback, and the sturdy Donald eame to grief. 4-8-163- Boyle was next on the list; but he bad not been at the wickets long when Slight was unfortunately ran out. 6-10-157. Allan," the crouching panther," now stepped forth 1 fropi the pavilion, ana made a good stand with Boyle. Two or three singles were made, and then' the Victorian skipper cut the demon | prettily for a quartette. 160 up. Three to Allan off Coates to leg with tingles sent 170 in tight. Singles to each batsman, and then Allan drove Coates hard to the off for 4. 180 up. 4 more to Allan iu the slips off Tindall, and Spofforth began trundling I vice Coates. 19C soon appeared on the register, Mid j by steady play and excellent judging of runs, another 10 was totted up, and 200 was recorded amidst great applause. 210 bad been telegraphed only a short tune when Allan let out at Garrett, and was easily caught by Haasie over the howler's head. 6-34-213. Blackhaxn became associated with Boyle, wfcostppped a capital maiden from Spofforth; 3 leg-byes were 1 run, and then Blarhham put Spofforth in the dips for 4-splendidly run. 220 up, and 230 soon displaced it. Blackham now cut Spofforth neatly for a triplet, and then was a brief adjournment for refresh ments. On re-continuing, a few more runs were made, and then Boyle was caught at cover by A. Bannerman off Oeates. 7-36-238. Palmer partnered Blackham, and after making 4 was well taken at mid off by 8pofforth off Coates. 8-4-245.. Cooper finished the over, and Blackham put A. Bannerman who bad supplanted Oarrett at the bowling crease neatly to Abort leg for a brace. 4 to Blackham for a' beautiful cut off Alick sent 260 in View. After a- tew: singles had been added. Coo tier hit Coates in fine style to the off for 4, and 260 was registered, th* next 10 following in quick time. At 277 Cooper was given out lbw to Spofforth 9-13-277-and Kendall, the last man, joined Black burn, who was playing a good defensive game. The Sydney men thought the innings was all but over when the left-hander came to the crease, but he played up In . a styit that astonished alike both Victorians and New South Welshmen. 10 after 10 was posted on die telegnih, and change after change of bowling was tried, but without effect, . for . Kendall hit out right merrily and well, and chiefly through his efforts 800 was recorded,.the applause. at its appear ance being tremendous; 310, 320, and 330 had been telegraphed, and then A. Bannerman, who had taken the uather ubm his captain, bowled Kendall with an easy one, 10r-43-388, Blackham carrying out his bat for #1, made in flat-class style without a chance. The large Innings of the Viotorians cloned at 85 minutes toti.and the wicket having been duly rolled, s Hurdock andPavifl came forth to start the first inn ings of Newjxnith Wales against the bowling of Palmer and Boyle. Buntock cut Palmer's first ball upplshly id Davis put him esfty in tfce slips lurdock cut Boyle in nana Myls for 4, eto1»almer!ora stone. 10 np. Two nan, and then, it Ming:6i>'cleck, the ' lymfor the 4ay. VICTORIA. TUtsrumiKos. ;B,9>4,4,8{l,LAj«2,l,c A. Bannerman, bCoates.. V5 ... U. 1 b %P Opateej. 43 r ,4,«^,l,4,l^8,l,l,lA'C UMrfe, . ? i®ilil|l»l)lA IK* : rth, bCoates' ~ ,4^ JAM,*, iS w, b SpoffoHh .. IS' iltg-byU,9 11 ... f a' - ff- 888 'orth, l$o t*Q«, lit runs,' . . 160 balls, SB rtms, 10 72 hills, 96 rtns, -e " iW ball*, 6Si rans, 6 ,Uigi0;^A.j9*n»erv 