Chapter Y.-—A Disappointed Lover. Laura Malcolm remained at the Manor House.. Mr. Clare, the vicar, had per suaded her to "relinquish her idea of going into lodgings, in the village. It would be a pity to abandon the good old house, he argued. A - houBe left to the care of ser vants must always suffer from -decay; and this house was full of art treasures, objects of interest and of price which hitherto had been in'LauraV charge. Why should she not stay in the house of her girlhood till it was decided whether she was to rule there as mistress, or to abandon it for ever? . " Your remaining here will not com promise your feedom of choice," said Mr. Clare, kindly, "if you find before the end of the year that you cannot make up your mind to accept John Treverton as a hus band." " He may not ask me," interjected Laura, with a curious smile. " Oh, yes, he will. He will come to you in good time to offer you his heart and hand, you may be sure, my dear. It can not be a difficult thing for any young man to fall iu love with such a girl as you, and it seems to me that this John Treverton is very worthy of any woman's regard. I see no reason why your marriage should not bo a love match on both sides, in spite of my old friend's eccentric will." " I'm afraid that can never be," answered Laura, with a sigh; "Mr. Treverton will never be able to think of me as he might of any other woman. I must always seem to1 him an obstacle to his freedom and his hap piness. He is constrained to assume an affection for me, or to surrender a splendid fortune. If he is mercenary he will not hesitate. He will take the fortune and me, and l shall despise him for his readi ness to accept a wife chosen for him by another. No, dear Mr. Clare, there is no possibility of happiness for John Treverton. and me." "My dear child, if you are.convinced, that you cannot be happy in this marriage, you are free on your part to refuse him," Baid the Vicar. Laura's pale cheek crimsoned. " That would be to doom him to poverty, and to frustrate his cousin's wish," she answered, faltefingly. • "I should hate my self, if I could be so selfish as to do that," "Then, my dear girl, you must resign yourself to the alternative, and if John Treverton and you are not as passionately in love as the young people who defy their parents and run away to Gretna Green to be married—or did when I was a young man—you may at least enjoy a sober kind of happiness, and get on as well together as the princes and princesses whose marriages are arranged by Cabinet Councils and Foreign Powers." " Do you know anything about Mr. Tre verton?" asked Laura, thoughtfully. " Very little. He is an only son—an only child, I believe. His father and mother. died while he was a boy, and he became a ward in Chanceiy. He had a nice little property when he came of age, and ran through it nicely, after the manner of idle young men without friends to advise and guide them. He began his career in the army, but sold out after he had spent his J money. I have no idea what he has* been j doing since—living by his wits, I'm afraid." So it was settled that Laura was to re- 1 main at the Manor House, with so many of the old servants as would suffice to keep things in good order—the servants to be paid and fed at the, expense of the estate, Laura to maintain herself out of her own modest income. She was a young lady of particularly independent temper, and upon this point she was resolute. "The money is nobody's money at present," she said, " I will not touch a penny of it." Sad as were the associations of the house, dreary as was the blank left in the familiar rooms by the absence of one revered figure, dismal as the silence which that voice could never break again, Laura was better pleased to stay in her old home than she would have been to leave it. Even the mute, lifeless things among which she had lived so long had some part of her love— some hold upon her heart. She would have felt herself a waif and stray in a stranger's house. Here she felt always at home. If the rooms were haunted by the shadow of the dead, the ghost was a friendly one, and looked upon her with loving eyes. She had never thwarted, or neglected, or wronged her adopted father. There was no remorse mingled with her grief. She thought of him with deepest sadness, but without p'ainj The Vicar was anxious that Miss Mal colm should have a companion. There were plenty of homeless young women—women of spotless reputation and genteel connec tions—who would be delighted to be her unsalaried companion, for the sake of a pleasant home.. But Laura declared that she •panted no companion, ^ You must think /me .very . .-empty* minded if yott Stijppose I cannot endure my life without a yonng woman of the same age to sit opposite me and answer to all my idle fancies like an echo, or to walk out with me and help .me to admire the land scape, or to advise me what I should order for dinner," she said. "No, dear Mr. Clare, I want no companion, except Celia now and then.1 You will let her come and see me very often, won't you ?" " As often as you like, or as often as her parish work will let her come," answered the Vicar. "Ah, you are all such hard workers at the Vicarage," exclaimed Laura. "Some of us work hard enough, I believe," answered Mr. Clare, With a sigh. "I wish my son could make up his mind to work a little harder." " That will come in good time." "I hope so, hut I am. almost tired of waiting for that good time." "Heis clever and artistic," said Laura. " His cleverness allowed him to leave the University without a degree, and his artistic faculties will never help him .to a living," answered the Vicar,; bitterly. t This only eon of the Vicar's was a thorn in his side. Edward Clare was every body's favorite, and nobody's enemy but his own. That was' what the village said of him. He was good-looking, clever, agree able, but he had no ballast. He was a feather to be blown by every puff of the wind. He had never been able to discover the work which he been sent into the world to do, but he had speedily found out the work for which he was not adapted. At the University he discovered that the curri culum of an English classical education was not fitted to the peculiar cast of his mind. How much better he could have done at Heidelberg, or Bonn. But when he made this discovery he had wasted three years at Oxford, and had cost his father something very close to a thousand pounds. The Vicar wanted his only son to go into the church, and Edward had been educated with that view, but after- failing to get his degree, Edward found out that he had a conscientious repugnance to the church. His opinions .were too broad. "A man who admires Ernest Renan as warmly as I do has no right to be a parson," said Edward, with agreeable frankness; so poor Mr. Clare had to submit to the dis appointment of his most cherished hopes, because his son admired Renan. After having made up his mind upon this point, Edward stayed at home, read a good deal in a desultory way, wrote a little in fine weather, fished, shot,and dawdled away life in the pleasantest manner, finding his days never so sweet as when they were spent at the Manor House. Jasper Treverton had; warmly esteemed the Vicar, and he had liked the son for the father's sake. Edward had always been welcome at the Manor House while* the old man lived, and as Edward's sister was Laura Malcolm's chosen friend, it was natural that the Oxonian should be very often in Laura's society. But now his visits to the good old house where he had felt himself so completely at home, the library in which he had read, the garden in whose leafy walks he had de lighted to smoke, were suddenly restricted. Miss Malcolm had given him to under stand, through his sister, that she con sidered herself no longer at liberty to re ceive him. Her friendship for him was in no wise lessened, but it would not do for him to drop in at all hours, or to spend half his afternoons in the library, as in the days that were gone. "I don't see why there should be such restrictions among old friends," said Ed ward, with an injured air; "Laura and I are like sister and brother." "Very likely, Ned, but then you see everybody knows you and Laura are not brother and sister, and I think there are a good many people in Hazelhurst who think that you feel something a good deal stronger than brotherly regard for her. If she and I were drowning I know which of us you would try to save." "lou can swim," growled Edward, re membering Talleyrand's famous answer, " "Well, I suppose I must submit to fate. Miss Malcolm no doubt considers herself engaged to the mysterious heir, who.does not seem in any hurry to begin bis court ship. If old Treverton had bequeathed such a chance to me I should have seized upon my opportunity without an instant's hesita tion." " I admire 3fhe delicacy which prompts Mr. Treverton to keep in the background just at first," said Celia. ' " How do you know that it is "delicacy which restrains them," exclaimed Edward. "How do you know that it is not some entanglement—some degrading connection perhaps—or at any rate a previous engage ment of some kind which ties his hands and hinders his advancement with Laura. No man, unless so constrained, would be besotted enough to neglect such an oppor tunity, or to hazard his chances of success, If he offendsTLaura slid;la.'just the hind of girl to refuse him, fortune and all." 7'; ' ' "I don't think she woul ddo that except upon very serious grounds," said' Celia. " Laura has a strong sense of duty, and she believes it her duty to her adopted father to. assist in carrying out his wishes. I believe she would sacrifice her own incli nation to that duty " That's going far," said Edward discon tentedly, " I begin to think that she has fallen in love with this fellow, meteoric as was his appearance here." > ;': "He stayed nearly a fortnight here," re marked Celia, " and Laura saw him several times. I. don't mean to say that she is in love with him. She has too much common sense to fall in love in that rapid way—but I am sure she does not dislike him." "Oh, when love begins common sense ends. I dare say she is in love with him. Hasn't she told you as much now, Celia ? Girls like to talk about such things." " What do you know about girls ?" " Oh, nothing. I've got a sister who is one of the breed ; a model always at hand to draw from. Come now, Celia, he sisterly for once in your life. What has Laura told you about John Jreverton ? " "Nothing. She is particularly reserved upon the subject. I know that it is a painful one for heivand I rarely approached " Well, he is a lucky dog. I never hated a' fellow so1 much. 1 have .fin instinctive idea that he is a scoundrel." " Are not instinctive ideas convictions that jump with our own inclinations 1" speculated Celia; philosophically. "lam heartily sorry for you, Ned, dear, for I know you are fond of Laura; and it does seem hard to have her willed away from you like this, but seriously now, would you be pleased to marry her with no better portion than her own little income ?". " Six thousand in consols," said Edward, meditatively, " I'm afraid that would go a very little way with a young man and woman of refined tastes. We might love each other ever so dearly, and be ever so happy together, but I'm afraid we should starve; Celia, and that our children's only inheritance would be their legal claim on their own parish. I thought that wicked old man would leave her handsomely pro vided for." " You had ho right to think that, know ing that he had pledged himself to leave her nothing." ' ~ • " Oh, there Would always have been a way of evading that. I call his will abso Iutely shameful—to force a high spirited girl to take a husband of his choosing—a fellow whom .he had never seen when he made his will." "He'took care to see young Mr. Tre vei'ton before he died. I daresay if he had not been favorably impressed . he would have altered his will at the iast moment," This conversation took place nearly four months after Jasper Treverton's death. The hedgerows were- growing green; the birds had eaten the last of the crocuses ; the violets were all in bloom in the shrub bery borders, the grass grew fast enough to require weekly shearing, and the Manor House garden Was a pleasant place to walk in, full of budding trees and opening blossoms, and the songs of birds, telling each other rapturously that spring had come in earnest, and that winter days and a stony hearted, frost-hound earth were things of the past, Edward Clare believed himself the most ill-used of young men. He was good-look ing—nay, according to the general' judg ment of-his particular circle, remarkably handsome; he was cleverer and moreac complished than most young men Of his age and standing. If he had done nothing as yet to distinguish himself it was not for lack of talent, he told himself compla cently. It was only because he had never yet put his shoulder to the wheel. He did not consider that duty strongly called upon every man to do his uttermost part in the labor of moving that mighty wheel; A clever young man like, himself might stand on one side and watch other fellows toiling at the job, knowing that he could do.it ever so much better if he only cared to try. . Eour years ago, when he firstWent to Oxford, he had made up his mind that he was to be Laura Malcolm's husband. Of course Jasper Treverton would leave her a handsome fortune, most likely his entire estate. There must he a dozen ways of evading that ridiculous oath; The old man might make over his property to Laura by a deed of gift, which would not he willing ittoher. He might leave it to trustees for her use and benefit. In some manner or other she would be his heiress. Edward felt very sure 'of that, seeing as he did the old man's deep love for his adopted daugh ter. So when he found himself falling in love "vvith Laura's sweet face and Winning ways, the young Oxonian made no struggle against Cupid, the mighty conqueror.. To fall in love with Laura was the highroad to fortune, infinitely better than Church or Bar. But he Was in no hurry to declare himself—he Was not an impulsive young man; slow and cautious rather. . To make Laura an offer and be rejected would mean banishment from her society. He thought she liked him, but wanted to he very sure as to the strength of her feelings before he declared himself her lover. His position as her friend was too advantageous to be lightly hazarded.; ...... ' (To le continued.) 