MR. TARLETON'S NARRATIVE. Mr. J. W. Tarleton, the Bank Manager, stated:—I had returned from a long ride of about forty miles, and after looking over letters I went to have a bath, the day being a very hot one. I was just about to turn the tap of the shower when the teller burst open the door, and in an excited manner said, " We are stuck up at last. The Kellys are here now." I said," Oh, rubbish," and thought it was only a joke, but when I saw two men following him, each having a revolver in each hand, I realised the position fully. Mr. Lyving said, "It is no use resisting; the police are locked up, and they have got about twenty people bailed up in the Royal." I replied," Oh, well, all right, as soon as I have done my bath I will come in." Hart was left in charge of me while I finished my bath. Whenever I approached him he levelled two revolvers at me. He searched my clothes for firearms, but they contained none. I began to question him about the past movements and the future intentions of the gang, but after answering one or two unimpor- tant questions, he apparently got tired, saying, " Come, no more of these questions. I will not have any more." I replied that it was quite immaterial to me whether he answered them or not. When I was habited in a silk coat, a pair of trousers, and a smoking-cap, he ordered me to come out, and took me with him into the Royal Hotel. As we passed in I saw Byrne hit the Chinese cook of the hotel a tremendous blow under the ear because the Celestial refused to go into the parlor when ordered to bail up. After the blow the Chinaman went in as meekly as a lamb. I was put with the others, of whom, at that time, there were about twenty. I was in the hotel bailed up during the remainder of the time that the gang were in the township, with the exception of the short period during which Ned Kelly took me into the Bank to hand over the money out of the Treasury drawer. Hart stood at one door with my revolver and two of bis own in his hand, while Dan Kelly paraded up and down the bar, from which he also could command the room through a second door. Occasionally, if there was too much talking going on, Hart, who seemed to be most particularly anxious to shoot somebody, would interfere. He wonld say, "There must be less noise." Several times, when persons looked out of the window, he went and pulled them back, saying that they would get themselves shot. He repeated the threat of shooting about twenty or thirty times alto- gether for different offences. I was sitting near Hart for a long time, and I noticed that when his attention was attracted to another quarter it would be a perfectly easy matter to knock him down. I asked the policeman if it was any use trying to knock him down, but the trooper replied, " If you look over your shoulder you will see that Dan Kelly has us all covered. If neither of us is shot somebody else on the other side of the room will be." Dan Kelly was, as before stated, in the bar. I can corroborate the J. G. Rankin incident, as related by Mr. Lyving. Ned Kelly shouted very freely, and paid for every drink to Mr. Cox, the laudlord. They asked me to drink when I first was brought in, but I refused. Before going away Ned Kelly delivered an harangue in the bar,. with the evident intention of exciting sym- pathy. He stated that he had not been within 400 miles of Greta when Constable Fitzpatrick was shot, and that it was only when he returned home that he found that a reward of £100 had been placed on his head.. He confessed to having stolen and sold 280 horses. Many of these had been purchased by Baumgarten, who is now in Beechworth gaol serving a sentence for the same crime. The only crime that he had ever committed was that of horse-stealing, so he evidently did not include the killing of three inoffensive troopers in his criminal code. He said, ""When I.came back and found that there was a reward of £100 on my head, I started out with a old crooked musket, in which, if you held it up to your shoulder, you could see the curves. I shot Lonigan with that musket; it could shoot round a corner." En- deavoring to appeal to their sympathies, he spoke somewhat as follows:—" Supposing you came home and heard that two or three detec- tives had been to the house and presented revolvers at the heads of your mother and sisters, saying, ' Where is this Ned Kelly ? If you don't tell us where he is we will shoot you.' Why no man could stand such a fright as that, much less a woman. Was not that enough to make me turn outlaw and shoot those police? There's Lonigan's revolver," display- ing a police weapon. He also said, " I have come here not so much to stick up the Bank, but to shoot these two policemen. They are worse than any black trackers, especially that man Richards. They have followed me up closely; that man Richards particularly is one whom I have a down on. I am going to shoot him directly." I said to Ned Kelly, " "Well, if he has followed you up closely, it has been in the execution of his duty, and what he is paid for doing. You should not find fault with him for that." He replied," Supposing you had had a revolver ready this morning when I came into the Bank, and knowing that I could shoot you, would you not, if you had had the chance, have shot me first?" Upon my replying in the affirmative, he continued, " Well, that is just what I am going to do; I am going to shoot Richards before he can shoot me." We all attempted to intercede for Richards's life, but Kelly repeated, "No, he must die." Richards seemed to take the matter very coolly, and not- withstanding all Ned Kelly's bloodthirsty threats never once changed color. Ned's speech was very much interrupted by a persou who was inebriated. Ned then took Richards, Jefferson, the Postmaster and his assistant, young Rankin away in the direction of the camp, telling us that we might now go as soon as we liked. Dan Kelly and Hart mounted their horses, and rode up the street, shouting and gesticulating, Dan Kelly flourishing his revolver round his head in the most approved braggadocio fashion. Dan Kelly also carried a rifle slung over his shoulder. The two Kellys it may be mentioned, were dressed in troopers' uniforms, while Hart and Byrne were habited in ordinary tweed. As soon as I had sent a messenger to Urana by a roundabout route to warn the Bank Manager there, I, having got a horse, started for Deniliquin, in spite of warnings of the risk I ran, a few minutes after Lyving. I was told that the Kellys were en- gaged making a bonfire at the police camp, and that they had set scouts in ambush to shoot any people who attempted to leave the township before the restricted time. However, I had a very fast two-year-old filly under me, and told these people that I thought I should be able to gallop away from any scouts. [From the Melbourne Herald, February 7.] A party of gentlemen who have been travel- ling overland from Sydney have just arrived in Melbourne, and give an interesting account of an interview which they had with Miss Kate Kelly quite recently. Travelling southwards our party passed through Greta, and, prompted partly by curiosity, and party by the desire to obtain some milk and other refreshments, they made a halt at the Kellys' hut, which is situated in a lonely position some little distance out from the township of Greta. It is described as an ordinary bark hut. In it at present reside Miss Kate Kelly, with her sister Mrs. Skillion, and Mrs. Skillion's four children. On the party stopping near the house, Miss Kelly was observed to scan them somewhat curiously. They at once went over and asked to be supplied with milk, which was readily given to them. The sister of the Kellys, however, was at first very reserved and uncommunicative, and indeed appeared to be rather suspicious of her visitors. They, however, recalled a slight acquaintance, which they had with her some years since, and satisfied her that they had no sinister motives in calling. She then became much more com- municative, and made some statements which are interesting. Of course we cannot give any thing more than a mere summary of the con- versation from the recollections of the gentle- men present, and necessarily it is somewhat disjointed. Miss Kelly, is described as a fine, apparently spirited and rather prepossessing young woman, with a considerable resem- blance to her brother Ned, although her features are better than his. Mrs. Skillion is considerably older than her sister. In reply to a question as to whether she did not feel rather lonely there, and afraid to remain with- out male protection, Miss Kelly replied that she was not the least lonely or afraid, as she was guarded, and supposed she would be till "the affair" was all over, meaning thereby the cap- ture or death or undoubted escape of her brothers and their associates out of the colony. The idea of being "well guarded" was at first somewhat puzzling in such a place, but it was explained that Miss Kelly's every movement is watched by the police, who are continually around her place. She said that they came at all times, day and night, in all disguises, and on any pretence, and she well knew that when she did not see any police she was nevertheless watched. At night she would hear stealthy footsteps around the house, and was conscious of whispering and prying through chinks in the bark walls of the hut. At other times the police would come boldly up, push open the door, and walk in de- manding Ned Kelly. At night when the doors were locked they would knock, and she would have to get up and let them in. Several times, however, she had revenge and amusement in return for all this annoyance, for she told some of the parties in a defiant manner that her brothers were in the bedroom and dared them to go in for them. Upon this there was the spectacle of four or five stalwart troopers, with cocked revolvers in hand, stealthily ap- proaching a girl's bedroom, only to find that there was nothing more dangerous in it than should be there. While this was being told, Miss Kelly remarked, "They'll sure to be here presently," and immediately afterwards she said, "There's one of them," as a man in plain clothes was seen riding up. It was soon shown she was right. The trooper carefully examined the trap of the travellers, and even the baggage which they contained, apparently considering that the outlaws might be found concealed in some of the boxes. A very slight examination, however, convinced him of the identity and harmlessness of the travellers, and he disap- peared. Miss Kelly told her visitors while the trooper was there, that a few nights before she had put her pony, on which she placed great store, in a little paddock, securely fenced, along- side the house, and next morning it was stolen, and she had heard nothing of it since. She was asked whether she knew or had any suspicions as to the thieves, and replied," Oh yes," at the same time nodding her head in the direction of the trooper, thereby indicating that she believed that the police had taken it in order to prevent the nocturnal communication which she was supposed to hold with her brother. Al- though she did not actually say so, her re- marks led her visitors to believe that the rumors in reference to her excursions by night to assist her brothers were perfectly true. Of course it was a very delicate thing to question a young woman as to the painful rumors afloat in references to the outrages alleged to have been committed on herself by members of the police force, but, in as quiet a manner as possible it was asked whether there was any truth in tlie reported misconduct of the police. Her replies led to the conclusion that an outrage uuder violence had been committed. In fact, Miss Kelly did not hesitate to state that on the occasion when Trooper Fitzpatrick visited their house in the beginning of last year, he did not do so for the purpose, as he said, of executing a warrant for the arrest of Ned Kelly for horse-stealing, although he had such a document in his possession. Fitzpatrick, according to Miss Kelly, was on very intimate terms with the family, and never would have executed the warrant but for circumstances that transpired during his visit. According to her statement she was in her house alone when Fiizpatrick came, and he commenced in a violent manner to behave improperly. Just then her brother Ned came to the door, and caught Fitzpatrick in the act of attempting an outrage, whereupon he, with the natural instinct of a brother under such circumstances, rushed for his revolver. Fitzpatrick, it is said, seeing the position of affairs, immediately be- thought himself of the warrant, which he pulled out and held up to Ned, saying at the same time, "I've got this for you." At this moment Ned Kelly, having seized his revolver, fired, and this was how it came that Fitzpatrick was shot in the wrist. This statement of Miss Kelly's, it will be observed, settles the question as to whether Ned Kelly even did shoot Fitzpatrick, some doubts being previously attached to the statement. During the visit Miss Kelly took up a prayer-book which was on the table, and from, it produced a photograph, which she showed to her visitors, at the same asking "Do you know who that is?" They replied that it was her brother, Ned, and that they knew it by the engravings in the illustrated papers. She then, in a most affecting manner, caressingly kissed the portrait, and remarked in a pathetic voice that, whatever might be the crimes of those referred to, could not but affect the most callous. "Yes, when poor Ned and poor Dan are gone, I shall be the last of the Kellys." All through she seemed to speak under a depressing and melancholy conviction of her brother's approaching end, and to regret that latterly she had been unable to communicate with them owing to the number of police in the locality, and their unceasing vigilance in reference to her movements. About the same time she remarked with some spirit, "But they'll never be taken alive, and I can tell you that they will astonish Melbourne yet," a remark that was taken to mean that the outlaws contem- plated some daring escapade in the neighbor- hood of Melbourne. The whole tenor of Miss Kelly's conversation suggested that the outlaws were still in the locality, but on this point her visitors had their own opinion, and even expressed a belief that the men have left the colony. The visit altogether was a pleasant one, notwith- standing the tragic nature of the subject of con- versation. Miss Kelly is a most intelligent young womau, and converses extremely well and with much expression. She treated her visitors most kindly, making tea for them and. otherwise attending to their wants while carry- ing on the conversation. They left her with real sympathy in their hearts for her, if not for her brothers, and with warm and genuine thanks for her hospitality. Nominations for tiie Newmarket race?, to be run at Horphetville on February 22, were received by Mr. S. Barnard up to 4 p.m. on Fri day, and considering the short notice given of the meeting, and the number of horses that are engaged in other events, the entries must be regarded as very satisfactory. There are eight for the Hurdles, eleven for the Cup, six for the Steeplechase, and ten for the Half-mile Flutter, in addition to the fourteen who will compete in the Trot. Amongst the names cf the nomina tors are several of the leading sporting men of the colony, so that Mr. Barnard may confi dently anticipate a successful meeting from,a racing point of view, and will no doubt be well patronised by the public. Arrangements have been made with the Glenelg Bail way Company to ruu trains at convenient periods during, the day. The weights will be declared on Monday next, February 17. The booths will he sold ou the following day, aud acceptances must be ruade not later than Thursday, February 20. The Theatre Royal will reopen this eveuing, when the English Comic Opera. Com pany, under the patronage of His. Excellency the Governor, will perform for the first time in this colony Planquette's " Les Cloches de Corue ville," This work has had a run of more than 300 nights at one Theatre in London and has also been well received in Melbourne. Th9 cast is as. follows :— Serpolette, Miss Clara Thompson; Germaiue, Miss E. A. Lambert; Nanette, Miss Bessy Eoyal; Susauue, Miss Violet Childs; Mar guerite, Miss U. Brooks; Gertrude,Miss Theresa Clifton; Catherine, Miss Mabel Smith; Jeauue, Miss Blanche Leopold; Henri (Marquis de Corneville), Mr. John Forde; Gaspard (au old miser J Mr. C. H. Templeton; The Bailie, Mr. George Leopold; Grenicheux, Mr. Henry Bracy; Cobo, Mr. G. A. Johnson; Cbristophe, Miss Florence Slater. A pas de deux will also be danced by Signora Pasta and Miss Slater of the Italian Opera and Soldene Companies. The opera is pronounced to be very attractive from the brilliant character of the music, one or two numbers being specially striking. The orchestra and chorus will be under the direction of Mr. C. Van Gliele, with Mr. J. Hall as leader. Mr. G. Leopold is the stage manager. An entertainment by members of tbe Adelaide Pioneer Lodge, No. 6, and the Black Diamond Minstrels was given in the Tem perance Hall, North Adelaide, on Friday even ing, February 14. There was a large attendance,, and those present seemed to be well satisfied' with the programme provided. Mr. B. P. Cocks was Chairman. The entertainment commenced with a Christy Minstrel performance, in which the customary jokes were bandied about by Bones (Mr. B. F. M.Keffer), and Tarabo (Mr. E. S. C. Nairne). Mr. W. Collins, sang "What should make thee sad," and a jubilee, "Uncle Jefferson," was given by Mr, Nairne. Mr. S. E' Evans rendered "Angela called her," in good style, and Messrs. Kef^t, A- Rel.Un, and, F. S. Delano gained considerable applause ^or their songs. During an interval Mr. S. E. EVano was presented by the members of the Adelaide Pioneer Lodge with four volumes of the poets as a recognition of his services as Secretary during the pa*t three years. Mr. JR. E. .Rogers also presented Mr. Evans with a volume of the '• lugoidsby Legends." The reci pient responded in suitable terms. Miss ferry man afterwards sang "Kiilarney" and '"Dermot Asthore," in an excellent manuer, and received hearty encores. Messrs. A. E. Shawyer and VV". "Wright gave recitations, "The Ship on Fire," aud " The Execution of Montrose," and Mr, J. H McKeclinie convulsed the audience with laugh ter in a comic recitation, " Kauty O Kyaa." Two songs," 'The Bridge " and " Charley, you're Welcome," were well given by lady amateurs. Mr. G. Bishop gave two comic sougs, " Court ing in the rain" aud "Please come on Sunday Gtorge," to the evident amusement of all pre sent. A laughable sketch entitled '"Joe's Ghost," in which Mr. A. E. Shawyer took the part of Old Moses the Jew; Mr. S.E. Evans, 'Toby, his clerk; and Mr. li.S. C.Nairne, Joe, the stable boy, concluded the entertainment, and sent the audience away in good humor. Mr. A. D. Beetson presided at the piano. Mr. Gerrard's Rapid Bay yearlings, which leave to-day by the steamer for Mel bourne, have attracted a great deal of attention at Foruiby's Horse Bazaar. One of the fillies by Tregeagle from Signet—full sister to Device —has uot been allowed to go out of the colouy, having been purchased at a high figure aud re served for training under the care of Mr. Jenkins. She is a.very dark brown or nearly black with the Treageagle grey hairs on the Hank. She is wonderfully tall and well-grown for her age, being about 15h hands high, and has all the points required for racing or stud purposes. The Talk o' the Hill—Pirate's Daughter, filly, is a rich bay with black points, with very muscular hind quarters and much like Buccaneer in appearance except for color. The Talk out of Ideal is a bay with black points, whose sister last year fetched 450 guineas at the March sales in Melbourne, or the top figure where 80 yearlings were offered, and this one, it is said, will be a better bargain to her buy er. The grandly-bred filly by Echo from Levity shows such excellent quality that the same pair have been coupled again, this season. The yearling is wonderfully well coupled, shows great strength in the hind quarters, and will be a weight-carrier as well as speedy. The first of the Tritons, out of Sunset, is a filly of great promise, beiug a nutmeg chesnut in color, with a white mark on the face. She has immense substance and great hips, and is very power ful all over, of the colts, the one by Talk out of Actress is one of the best legged of the strain, we have ever . seen, and should stand any amount of wear and tear. He has much the contour of his sire, and should be very valuable at the stud by-and-bye. A Tregeagle out of Medora, half brother to The Lover, has good shoulders, and is generally a fine colt, while the same may be said of the Echo—Crown Jewel, who is a little bit leggy, but yet a promising animal. Perhaps cue pick of the lot is the colt by Tregeagle out of Hoyden, a chesnut with white points, who lias not followed his sire in color, but has grand shoulders, long deep back ribs, splendid hind-quarters, with large stifle joints, and other qualities requisite to make a first-class racehorse. Although these yearlings are going to the Melbourne market, we understand from Mr. Elworthy that there are others at Rapid Bay of similar quality that will be brought into Ade laide at the usual autumn sales. . As already announced, Robert Heller, the expert conjuror and skilful musician, died, somewhat suddenly in Philadelphia on the 27th November last. 'The following extract from the Philadelphia Times shows.that he was not without warning of the event which so sud denly terminated his earthly career:—"It was on Saturday last that he—Heller—arrived in town, and on Sunday, in company with his business manager, Mr. John Donnelly, lie started towards Concert Hall to perfect some arrangements preparatory to the season's en gagements that he intended playing in this city. He had just received a letter from his intimate friend, E. A, Sothern, in which the personator of Lord Dundreary spoke of the trouble he had with his attack of incipient paralysis. Walking up Chesnut- streeb Heller suddenly experienced a twitching in his arm, and was obliged to stop. To. his manager and friend, Mr. Donnelly, he said, ' Sothern had an attack of paralysis, and now my turn has come.' Six times in the short walk from the Continental Hotel, at Ninth-street, to Thirteenth-street was Heller obliged to stop. Arrived at Concert Hall he became very ill, and then Dr. Getchell was sent for, and he found the magician suffering from a slight congestion of the lungs. 'Yes, yes,' said Heller, when Mr. Donnelly and the physician talked to-him, ' but this is the last of it.' His friends told him that he. was nervous, and that there was no reason for expecting any serious consequence from his sickness, but with.the,utmost composure—he was always full of nerve—he replied, 'Ah! yes, but I tell you this is the last of me.' Robert Heller indeed spoke truly. The details of his- sickness following the slight attack of Sunday have already been, published, but the peculiar significance of his last act as a stage, performer has not yet been, referred to. Before Heller was noted as a quick-witted and quiqk-fingered conjuror he achieved fame as a brilliant performer upon the piano, but it was long before his audiences smiled upon and applauded him. One night— an occasion that he never tired of talking about. —he played the' Last Rose of Summer' in such an effective, style that his listeners shouted their approval, and. Robert Heller had won a lasting name. On Monday night, in Concert Hall, when the entertainment was interrupted by his illness, Heller, made his apology to the audience, and said that before dismissing them . he would give a brief performance upon the piano. His pale face and his actions showed that he was suffering, but he sat down before the piano and he played the 'Last Rose of. Summer' again, and played it, as his best friends unite in saying,, us-he never played it before, not even on that night, when he achieved his first success. As he left the hall he said,.'-I will never play again,'" Oil Friday, evening, February 14,. the Rev. J. J. Westwood. delivered an interesting lecture, in the Stow. Lecture Hall, on " The Great Pyramid, the year 1881, and the close of the present era." Mr. J. E. Moulden occupied the chair. The hall was about half full. Before dealing particularly with the Great Pyramid, tho lecturer traced, the history, construction and designs of the other Egyptian pyramids, which have been variously estimated at 45,67, and 130 in number. In speaking of the Great Pyramid, which was represented, in sec-, tions on a large diagram, and its symbolic religious references, Mr.. "Westwood expressed his great indebtedness to Professor P. Smythe, who hasmadethis pyramid a special study; but he rather naively informed the audi- 1 ence that he did not believe all that would be advanced in the lecture, although, he did think that the greater part of it had the color of truth. "West of the Gaza group is situated the Great Pyramid, erected 2170 b.c. The author and object of this gigantic pile of masonry were long shrouded in mystery, but for many years, it was the received opinion that Gheops, one of, the Egyptian Pharoahs, had caused it to be built for a sepulchre. The researches of modern, archaeologists had shown that this theory was untenable, and that if the-Egyptians had con structed the pyramid it was under some gigantic external pressure, and before they had assumed their subsequent proud position amongst the nations of antiquity. It was generally admitted that if Cheops did build the pyramid he acted under the direction of Phyletus, the Greek form of the Hebrew name Melchisedec. It is affirmed that Phyletus, Melchisedec, or '• King of Righteousness," could not find, an appropriate site in Palestine for the erection of this gigantic monument and. pro phetic diorama, and he consequently went to Egypt, where for the space of 80 years he had 240,000 men employed on the works, at the completion of which he returnedto. Palestine and built Jerusalem. The chequered, history of the pyramid was afterwards traced by the lec turer through the earlier Christian, centuries, the Mabommedan domination, and the dark ages np to modern times. Mr. "Westwood sub sequently gave the length of the various pas sages and chambers in the pyramid in Scriptural cubic inches, which strangely coincided with the opinions advanced by Professor Smythe and other well-known students of unfulfilled prophesies. The year 1881, is specified as the end of the present era by Professor Smythe ac cording to the teaching of the Great Pyramid as interpreted by him. The end of the present era, however, the lecturer explained, could not mean the end of the world, as the pyramid pro vided for another stage of existence which was to follow the disastrous epoch commenced by that year. This Professor Smythebelieved would coincide with the Scriptural prediction, when the angels of heaven in the future times of trouble would take charge of and protect "the elect." According to the eminent Egyptologist quoted by the lecturer, the Great Pyramid teaches that the English people are the. lost ten tribes. At the conclusion of the lecture Mr. Westwood quoted Mother Shipton's pro phecy, which of course bears out the peculiar theory Of Professor Smythe and hie. followers, 