mr t- p- hill's lectures. shakspere and conscience. TI10 over faithful Nllq, which whlln If I, thn grandest c f 1 all rivers, anil while It iasuhfii-t no Icbb than tho looblcst rlvuloq to tho law waich regulates Its boundlosB floods, is at tho ea no Uma Iho moBt hcnolicent In Ita Influence, rma ,i. . ? in lis tatto. And as on tho eurfaco ot that miilostln stream tho travollor bocs a truo reflection ot th« heavens which at o abovo his head, so in thopootrv of Shaksporo, tho reader may bohold no uncertain ' imago, ot the word of Qod ; may behold shiulng in Its depth tho starlikc truths of tho Bible. From tho Bishop of St. Andrew's (Dr Woriln- \- worth) eormon on 11 Man'd Kxcolloncy a ! causo of praise and Thanklulnoss to Qod." Mr, T. P. Hill opened his lecture on " Shakspere and Conscience," at the Insti tution in Spring street, on Friday afternoon, by saying that conscience was tho most solemn ' word ;in all literature. It involved the Past, the Present, nnd tho Future. It was derived from two Latin words, con with, scio I know. "Conscience," according to Dr Trench, Arch bishop of Dublin, did not merely mean that which a man know, hut that which he knew with some other, The learned divine argued that the prefix of the word oould not ba oeteemed superfluous, or taken to imply merely that which a man knew of, or to himself. The other Knower whom the word implied was God. He (the lecturer) believed Shaksporc never uttered a deeper truth than whon he asserted thnt — Conscience makoB co varcls ot us alt. The poet of humanity know that cscapa from ' the awful . ooustablo from Hunven who had taken a criminolinto custody was impossible. A man might plan a murder ; his object might be plunder; tho deed might under the cover of night be committed ; the coveted gold might be obtained ; escape from tho colony might prove successful; tho culprit might reaoh Europe ; he might run the racket of tiio greatest citiea in the world, and indulge in wiiie and dissipation.; but he could not stifle conscience, "In the dead waste and middle of the night" it affrighted hiR soul and scared Blumber from Ufa pillow. The spectre of his murdered victim haunted him. He could not purchase forgetfulness. Up from the profounnest depths of his un- confessed iniquities ths terrible past was constantly by his aide ; tho color fled from his cheek ; his eye wandered, his speech faltered ; his reason reeled ; and he stood appalled in the presence of conscious guilt. Shakspere kneif that truth ; and DrTrench had,' therefore, well said of him : — " To no one of the uninspired writers of the world has it been granted, I bolieve, so strongly to apprehend, so clearly to make visible, that man reap as they have sown, that. the end lies In the beginning, that sooner or later, ' tho wheel will come full cirole,' and the ' whirligig of time brings round its revenges,' Who else makes us bo, and with such a solemn awe, to feel .that justice' walks tho world — ' delaying,' it may : be, but not ' forgetting,' as is ever the manner with the divine avenger." The most meditative character in tho poet's pln'j'B, Hamlet, assured them that IFoul deeds wIP ilse, Though Jail tbo enrth oknvhelm them, to men's oyos. When cogitating over the best way of un- kennelling the guilt of his father's murderer, he said: — 1 , lAbont my brain I I hare Iieird, Tbat guilty creatures sitting at a play, Bavo by tlto Tory cunning ot the scene Boon struck so to the soul, tbat presontly Tbcy havo prccKira'd thoir malefactions; For murder, though It have no tongas, will speak With most miraculous organ, I'll bars these: )>la) ore Flay something Ilka tho murdor of my father Before mine undo ; I'll obsorro his looki: 1 11 tent him to the quick: if ho but hlouch, 1 know my courio. Clia spirit th it I havo soon Buy bo tho devil, and the devil hath power To as-umo a pleaalng shape ; yea, 'and perhaps, ' Out ot my weakness and my melancholy. As he Is very potent with snch spirits, Abuses mo to damn me. I'll hare grounds More retttlvo than this. The plays tho thing Wherein I'll catch tho conaclouco of tho king. The play was accordingly acted, and in the scene in which Hamlet contrived to interpolate a sentence which came near the circumstance of his father's death, the conscience of ther King Wae stung, and his crime conclusively established! Ths deathbed scene of Cardinal Beaufort iu the second part of Henry YI was perhaps the most impressive lesson on the foot that faunishment even in this life attended those who dipped their unhallowed bands itp human blood. Tbo ghostB of the fast rose up and tormented the guilty man. n his last moments he screamed out in hor ror : — j Comb down his hair ; look I look I it stands upright; Llko llmc-twigs set to catch my wiogod soul I Qlvozne pome drink ; aud bid th - apothecary Bring tlia strong poison that 1 bought of him; \Yell might the King, who was standing by tbo dying Cardinal, moralise : — Ab; what a sign 'tis of ovil life Wl;ero death's approach Is see n so torrlblo. Tho Earl of Warwick, who was also in atten dance, reflected immediately after all waa over :— ! So bad a doath arguis a monstrous lifo. To tbiB, .With Christian humility, the monarch replied j — Forbimr to judge, for wo aro einnors all— Closojup liis oycB, and draw tho curtain closo; And let us altto meditation Olaverice'B dream in the Tower of London, and thej conversation between the men who had boen hired to murder him, afforded strik ing illustrations of the awful witness that God had placed in tho Boul of man. The second murderer, finding that ho had some dregs of; conscience yet within him, said : — "I'll not meddle with it; it is a dangerous tiling, it makes a man a coward; a man cannot steal, lint it accuseth him ; a man cannot swear, but it checks him, &c.;" And immediately after the commission of the deed, he exclaimed : — Row fkln, like Pffato, would I wash my hands Of this most grievous guilty murdor dous I Or, take the case of Richard III. Al though 'the erook-baeked tyrant waded through ; a sea of crimes to tho height ofihis ambition, ho did not unpunished go. Lady Anne— and the point waa worthy of note — remarked that she never enjoyed tha "golden1 dew of sleep," but that she was awakened by Richard's " timorous dreams." What a picture of tha tumult of the soul was afforded in the awful dream the King had tha night bofore the battle of Bosworth Field ! The witness within him compelled bim to give utterance to the following terrible confes sion : — ' Oh coward coasclenco. how dost thou affright me. My consolunoo hath a thousand sevoral tonguos. And ovory tongne brings In a aoveral talo, A nd overy talo condemns me for a villain. Perjury, perjury. In tho bigh'st degroo, Murder, sit ru murdor, in tho dir'st degtoo ; AU oma, all need in onch dogieo, 1 brorg to tho bar. crying nil, Guilty ! Guilty 1 I shall deapnir. Thoro'oilo creature lovos me; And If 1 die, no eovl will pity mo. What erown was worth the purchasing »' pries like that 7 . ,, Let them turn to tho case of AlowiOi in tna Tempest, III., 3. Tortured air";'8' ' 'na , ness by the thought of his cruel and relent less treachery to his brother Prospero, ho waa made to confess : — Oh, H is n.onrtrcu', monstrous I Motlnught tho billows spoke, and told mo of It; Tho »lnd»dld sing It tome, and tho thunder, With doop and dreudful organ-pipe pronounced TTio namo of Prospero; It did pass my trespass. But of all the illustrations Shakspere had given tbe world of the terrible Nemesis that waits upon the guilty, none wero more forci ble than those recorded in that wonderful effort of tbo poet's genius, the tragedy of Mncboth. No eooner did ths guilty Thana yield to that suggestion— Whoso horrid Image did unfix his hair, And made his seated heart knock at Uls ribs Against the uso of nature — — and to the instigntionB of his adamantine- willed wife, than tho air was peopled with accusing voices. Rethought I heard a voice cry " sloop no more ! hlocbcth doos murdor sloop"— tho Innocent shop; Sleep iliat knit up tho ravell'd slcavo ol care. Tho death i t cnoh day's life, soro labor's bath, Balm of hurt minds, groat nature's Bocond course, Cl.lct nourlskcr in life's foost. Still It cilo-l, " Sloop no more!" to all tho houso; f, " Gltmls lutli murdcFd sloop, anil, thoroforo, Uaw- Bhall'elccp no more, Ksqbsth (hall (loop no ntbra I" i 1 . .,'0 | «, was oil his hoad, but tho vulture' was at his heart. From that time jfrsiiioise dreams affile ted lnm nightly. 'Sri -It could more fearfuiiy dosoribo his state l'nd than tho bitter reflection of 1,1 bettor lis with the dead, ... lo »aln our peace, have som to peace, ffl"51" ,, ,i'iD torturo of tho mind lo Ho 71'"' "i-cstocy. Duncan Is In li s gruvo ; '". . IPs fitful fovor, ho slocpi wall; '"cr „ has dona his worst: nor steel, nor poison, Slnnicstfc, foreign lovy. nothing Srn toncli him furtbor. «T 10>5C1 lie had sustained by the docp .itii-ii of tlio taking off his sovereign, ho 'Saued in the touching words .Lvotir'd enough : my May of life IWJSL |, ,t . the soro, tho yello.v loaf : J1 whleh should acco -qutiyold ago, '"i. nnr love, obodionea, troops ol friends, A> |00k to havo ; but, in thoir stood, 1 " „0t load, but deep, m «nth- .onor, breath, Cjjjljl/tlio pnorlionrt would flu d-ny, and dare not. irhi-siine weariness of life and ever-torturing l lhesti" small voice that could not bo stifled, I ? Led him to ask tho doctor, when speaking I him of Lady Macbeth's illneBs I ,.titiou inhibitor to a mind diseased ; I Pit from the inomory a rooted sorrow ; I fliof the written troubles of tho brain ; snS v,-Uh-(m,o sweet oblivion antidote, foul boBom ol that perilous stuff Sh«'l!ll'ui,outl,lhB,r'-1 ' a j ,, it was with Macboth, so was it with iSjJjlty wife. Sho had watched hor hus- lud'sresiless misery, and had quietly and SUUtlusiPgly said Von Ifck tho reason of nil nature, Blcop. Unt to show how the mighty murderess wns L„e|f tortured by the recollection of hor fljcteducHt, Shakspere, true 1 1 nature as he jlwsys was, made her walk in her sleep in the jjjl midnight through the corridor of the cutlo, chafing her hands, and trying to efface from them the indolible ih trk of Gain. And hos si'" was mado to re-enact, in terrible som- jimbulism. her crime. Iu awful whiapora sho nattered Oat, damned spot 1 Ont, I say! One, two, three! jjju, 'tis time ti do't. Hull Is murky I loo, my lord ft® I A soldier, and nfenrd 1 What noed wo fetrVhn Imows it, wliun nous cau call onr power to iccoustl Yet who would havu though; tho old man is have bad eo much blood lu him ? -nuHianoof Fife, had a'wifo : whoro Is sho now? wilt will tnese hands n-'or ba cloan ? No moro o' Sit, my lord, no more o' that ; you marall with this, Stirling iTerfl'sViw Pmcli of tlio blood s iii. All "the por- raaies < f arabbv will not swooten this little hand, oh, oh, oh. His audience should have, soon Ristori in that »rent scene. Her exhibition of despair ; her shuddering rovulsionjthe impotent restlessness of her tortured spirit, torturing itself to rid itself of the "dunned spot," were rendered with ap palling truth and terror. Minglod with hor irsnd interpretation thero wns a touch of tho highest tragic poetry, that went homo to every heart. He, the lecturer, could never forgot her nwful sigh. It struck upon tho ear ns the wail of unceasing woo. Thoro wns doath, as well as shop, in her low whispers, and in hor awftti glasjy stare. , There iva3 the grave in the hod wai ting torooeivo tho guilty ono after her dreadful midnight vigil. It was a perfor mance onco seen never to bo forgotten. Hav. jog thus traced tho remorso and final rain nbioh sooner or later overtook those whose jsmes wore inscribed on the dark catalogue of -iijit, Mr Hill closed with tho observation that ths more Slinkspere was read and studied the mors would his great moral lessons and religious teachings be acknowledged and ap preciated. 