37* LATE PASTORAL and the EDUCATION QUESTION. i Yosterday evening, a lecture on " The Postoral-weighed and found want jug," was delivered hy the Rov- Dr. Kelvnack, in the Wesloynii Church, Bourka- street. There wos'a verv largs audience. The Rov. Mr. Clurko presided, and there were oa the platform-the Hon. J. Baker, Minister for Mines ; Mr. J. Davies, M.L.A. ; Mr. Roseby, M.L.A., and the Rev. Mr. Galloway. After singing nod prayer, The CHAIKÎIAN said he was there specially to show on what side he was. He, for one, was thankful to Areli bishop Vaughan for the way that he had told them plainly what ho meant. A great deal of English pluck was manifested in the Pastoral, and while he said this he must say, moreover, that there was a great deal of what he called arrogant impudence in the second Pastoral. (Ap- plause,) Archbishop Vaughan told them of the Libe- ralism that Cardinal Newman had been writing about, and speaking about, and he regarded tho Liberal- ism that Cardinal Newman and Archbishop Vaughan alluded to as not so much Liberalism in pure Christianity, but tho Liberalism that was manifested against the priestcraft of Rome, and against the super- stitions of that system. (Applause.) He was there again to help Archbishop Vaughan to do away with Denomina- tional schools (cheers); but ho was there to prevent Arch- > bishop Vaughan getting State-aid to Denominational schools acoording to the system known as payment by results. (Cheers.) Archbishop Vaughan had issued his Pastoral just when Parliament was prorogued, and he know it would create a stir. Let them be energetic, and not flag by the time that Parliament met. Let them continue to be energetic so as to prevent that which Archbishop ¡Vaughan was aiming at. (Cheers.) The Rev. Dr. KELVNACK said that in speaking on the subject of the Pastoral recently issued by the hierarchy of tho Roman Catholic Church, he could not futbear expressing his senso of satisfaction that they had the expression of tho essential policy of Romanism given with au utterance so emphatic, and with an nuthoiity so weighty, as to convinco tho most sceptical, and to arouse the most thoughtless as to tho prin- ciple of the policy that unmistakably cbaiactcrùed Roman- ism. In certain quarters there hud been un attempt lo deer}- the efforts of some of them ns outsiders, and they had sometimos »pen put into the pillory of public repiobation as vilo disturbers of the peace, pelted at with cruel epithets, on the ono hand receiving censuro from trimming Protestants, and on the other hand poisoned, arrows and revengeful words from the heated partisans of Rome. But now the logic of facts was doing for them what sound reason, argument, and eloquent appeal had hitherto failed to accomplish ; for the accumulated evidence that the Church had begun to pile up herself might be safely left to expound the principle of Romanism. What liberty of speech meant in the mouth of the emissaries of Rome, they had seen in the treatment measured out to the brave old man who have come amongst them to expose her errors. (Cheeis.) They would not meet him with the logic of argument, but tho logic of bluestone and quartz, and tho only champion the Church found was the actress Miss Joey Gougenheim. (Cheers.) On the heels of this display they had witnessed another circumstance that strikingly exhibited what liberty of action meant in tho Vatican of Rome. (Applause.) Tho Bathurst case showed them a dying father who, when he pleaded so pathetically with, the Bishop, could urge nothing ngainst his general character that might fairly constitute a bar to deprive him of whatever virtue lay in sacramental rite?, dared to be guilty of the unpardonable sin of choosing the school which his child should attend, and because ho did eo he was debarred the rites of sacred burial, and with the Church's ban resting on his ashes, was "laid in an un consecrated grave. And while men wondered and flamed with indignation at this outrage upon human feeling-at this disgrace and dishonour that was wrought on the holy name of religion-the spirit of the Church was ex- hibited again is tho ' manifesto—the plainness of which no one could mistake-and the boldness of which lit would require the most astute to defend. In that mani- festo they had a full, and frank, and fearless statement of the Church's views upon the great education question ; and he quite agreed with those who thanked Archbishop Vaughan for thus putting; them in possession of what was tho deliberate view of their Church upon tho Public school system, and for also putting them in possession of the policy of that Church in the future in regard thereto. Now, briefly summed up, the position of that Pastoral might be thus stated. It denounced their Public school system "because it rested on what was called the vicious and base foundation of secularism. It denounced it again because the character of the teaching given there was designated as godless, and as leading to indifferentism and infidelity. It denounced it again because of the results which flowed from it, and in words that made them stir by their boldness they were told that these Public schools were seed plots of future immorality and infidelity and law- lessness that would debase and lower the standard of human excellence in their midst, and that would corrupt the political, social, and individual life of their future citizens. And on that basis — accepting those pre- mises-they proposed to do what? They proposed to do that which was an invasion of the rights of the parents, an infringement of the liberty of the franchise, and that which really amounted to the control of their Parlia- mentary institutions ; and they dared to do that upon this question, which was the most fundamental and vital of all the questions that constituted the honour, the unity, and the future well-being of the commonwealth. The time had come for bold speech and decisive action in answer. The days of willing blindness and of indolent non-intervention were past. For all liberty-loving citizens-for all true patriots, there was, as it seemed to him, but one course and duty and that was to stand up in the presence of this alien power with a courage and strength that would treat her threats with unwavering defiance, and by a discernment which her sophistry could not beguile, and reasoning which would answer her arguments as fire dealt with straw, and a sturdiness of political resistance that would guard their political rights with a defence of triple steel, show by signs that could not be mistaken-that bishops and priests must respect the laws and the institutions of a country-that ,were the expressions of a free people's will. (Applause.) Anything less than that would he unworthy of their an- cestry and of their traditions. lae now proposed to deal with some" of the salient points of tho Pastoral in the natural order in which they stood. The first charge of Archbishop ¡Vaughan against their Public school system was that it was secular-that it was Godless ; and secondly, that it could not be an adequate education for the conscience, the heart, and the will of the young. He answered that bold affirma- tion with an equally bold and flat denial. (Cheers.) But since affirmation in the one case could not be met by affirma- tion in the other, he would revert at once to the short, the simple, the conclusive method of proof furnished by the examination of class books in use in their 'schools. When the Bishops made that statement they must have presumed largely upon the public credulity, if they imagined that it would pass unchallenged ; for when he turned to the books themselves he found that the whole realm of duty was covered by the lessons that these books contained. They taught the sacredness of truth and the shame of falsehood; they taught the blessedness of righteousness and the bitterness of wrong- doing; they taught the sweetness of affection and gentleness and mutual help, and the evils that followed from the neglect of these qualities; they taught the duty of obedience and the penalties that followed from disobedience; in one word thet placed before the mind of the young all the qualities that would give grace to youth and honour to riper years, and which if they but accepted as the laws and models of life would not fail of the best possible results And then if they parsed from the teaching of these moral truths to the great facts and doctrines of religion here again tho evidence of the books most conclusively proved that the system was far from being the Godless thing which it was so strongly represented to be If the Bible was not im use in the schools as a textbook, the selections from the Bible covered the leidest lanee and dealt with the most essential tiuth (Hear, heal) They gave the story of the creation, the recoid of the fall the tragedy of the deluge, the faith of Abraham, the history of God's ancient people they gave the sublimest strains of the psalmist, the strong clear statement of the evangelists and the doctrines of the Apostles They gave the h'c ot Jesus and His death, His atoning work, and His mediatoiial reign, they gave them that short epitome of Church history found in tho Acts of tho Apostles- in a word all that was sad in human sin, all that was precious in Divine grace, all that was glorious in tho Divine cove- nant-all vv as there-thpi e without note and comment-tke¡ o in the words of that grand old Book that liveth and abideth for ever (applause) Now he was anxious not to trespass too largely upon the patience, and t ine of this audience, and (Bo he would not lead so fully as he might othciwi'e do the ¡evidence of tin«. Let them listen for J. moment to these toorai thut const tuted part of tho introduction to the saeied ¡lessons - 1 The ulan rursucd in this compilation ha' been to take the historical nai itiveof Scnpture as the foundation, and to attach to itothei portions, of betiptuie relating to the nu jtutue eithei fiomthcOluoi New Ie»tanient ihus, attei ¡thonuratne of the Cieatton e\tricts fiom the bool or ÎPsalms, referring to the Ciertion have been introduced and aftei tue nanatne of tho Deluge, theio have been in- serted those t omment J on that event which ure to be found in the Noy Testaient Ibis mc hod seems to b» clculated at once to teach tho use of tLe Micred histoiv ard to fiv much of moral and reli lous instruction on tho heait, bj «""ociating with it a lecitil of uiobt in ores ing f ict« Ihe tianslation his been maac by a compaucn of the 'Au housed md Douay ver om> witn tho on,_uial Ihe lmeuage, cornet Lie0ot the one md somet me c th other ¡tips been u lopted ard o c sionnllv devutio is h"Vobeen «uadc fiom both On this p nut the ti ins! 01 icel¡> that he would rc)Uire more mdul er ce tuna is likely to be planted to him b it he wi stomp llelbv ^e ic.on.cj of the case to undeisuke tho lasl he has done hi-, be t io execute it With fidelity, and ha ha'borneo is anti/ urder the tvo of per«ons penectlv comuetpnt to coi rat anv rrrors into vihich he michtmrdve tent1 v fall lb'heaver th it he his not been mflueu ed in ms rouueimg ot any passage by io erencc to unv pecul u ; eli ions u « A ft w mues, ehieii / e\pla upto'v \rd pvacticl li ve b^ouadd^d ' iho present volume 19 one oc A ser es vvhinh it io pto tpo=ed .?b-U b" co T le . ou ¡>i_ulirpun îp'cs It bun s «oin the histoi j io t le s^tlnment for 11 time of the isri>>l itesin Egypt uid the death ot Jo °on Ihe ne\t nambei, «t 13 intended, hall be drawn tiom t' e Ne v T*star_c_t " Ihe Commi sionei» ofioi the^e c_t ^cto irom ¡scripture to the careful attentu nof to iclie.it, ina chi'dien, nov onlv as truth, but nb tru h recorded uncer the influence ot insmri Won Pud ti uth with which it ¡s of the utmost impôt tance íorthem tobe well acquainted And to the religious in- structors of the children thev cheerfully leave m cotn Kmmcatwg thut msttuction, the use of the sacred volume /it>elf asqontauuBgthosedoetiinnaadnrQCopts^aknoVilcdge of which must Ko at tho foundation of all true religion. t 'The-lowof the Lord ÍB unspotted, converting souls; the "testimony of: (he Lord is faithful, giving Avjsdoai to little ones. " I Now from these extracts, what becanw of tho charge of tho gross3 impeachment made by the Bishops. It broke down by its own weakness. (Cheers.) It was found to be n mendacious libel, for which they might fairly demand retractation and apology. And to the hierarchs who had uttered it, and who had stomped it with the stamp of Pius the 9th. to get it into general circu- lation-to those hierarchs we handed it back, and we say gentlemen, you stand convicted as the utterers of base coin -(cheers)-«ñu which he had tried with tho test of siuiplo truth and had found to be worthless-only Vatican brass in tho place of genuine gold. (Applause.) But if the charge was disproved by these quotations from the books, it was still more conclusively disproved when they called attention to the fact of that provision which was made under the Act for dogmatic religious instruction by tho authorised representatives of the various religious denominations. Now we might fairly plead that the absence of any dog- matic teaching from the curriculum of our Public schools in a mixed community such as ours was a necessity of tho case, and we might also plead that if the Bible was not in our schools, it ? was because of the uncompromising opposition that the Church of Rome had to it. Did not tho State virtually say to the people of this colony, we cannot teach dogma, but we commit our- selves to the education of tho children who are to be the future citizens of this land with the help of such broad moral and religions truths as may be said to belong to any religion that is Christian) leaving to the parents of the children to teach their offspring any religion they may think fit, and in their own way. Could anything be less open to cavil than that. It took care that the conscience of no child should be violated, not even the con- science of n pauper child, and yet these mitred traducers made the air ring with the cry that the system of education was secular, godless, and reprobate. It appeared indeed as if it were the duty of those lordly spirits to come down from their high places and with the aid of all the priests to save the country from so dreadful a catastrophe as was predicted, but that did not suit the Roman Catholic Church ; the thing was that it brought her down to it position of equality with all others. (Ap- plause.) But what they desired was Government assist- ance, and if they obtained that they would be satisfied. It was utterly unseemly and outrageous that such a calumny should be perpetrated, for he took it that the development of our Public school system was a result of which we had no reason to feel ashamed, and it had been accomplished by those who had tho task of making our laws, and. it had been accompanied by a magnificence of endowment that was creditable in the highest degree. It had scattered through- out the far interior tho advantages of education with wonderful solicitude for the young. It had brought into existence a system of teaching and inspection, the best that the State could command, and it invited the different repre scntatives of religion to join hand in hand to give educa- tion its crowning blessing; and, though foul epithets badi been flung at it, they would be nothing more than the mist of a passing squall, and when the storm was over the Public school system of the colony would be seen like some noble pile firmly rooted on its foundation's, because it had been built up in the esteem of a community who had lived to learn and appreciate its value. (Applause.) Then again we were told in another allegation that the system was not only vicious in principle, but also in the results which it developed. It was really a most severe strain on one's self control to read those precious words of the Archbishop's. (Laughter!) We hear that our public schools, which we prized so highly, were the seed plots of immorality and infidelity. It was weak in some parts, was that pastoral of the Roman Catholic Archbishop, but it was strong in others - strong in the statements it contained. The evidence by which these statements were to be proved did not appear to have occupied the Episcopal mind at all, and the holy fathers appeared to have been equally careless with regard to arguments also The fact was that if one looked at the charitable side of it he must come to the conclusion that they had been rccus tomed s0 long to be blindly obeyed, and to have all that they stated received with such meek and unquestioning submission that they could not understand tho boldness of the Protestant position so alien to the Catholic mind (\ppliuce) The statement was made that the children who were brought up in our Public schools were in strange contrast with the children who were educated in the schools of the church that they were immoral, that they were wanting in gentleness and respect for religion that they had no respect for prayer or for the sacraments-in other words, those wild and un- tutored children were looked upon with tho greatest mis- giving by the clergy He made bold to answer such state ments as these from tho Romish hierarchs, and he ventured to say that ho would not outstep the bounds, of truth when ho said that, in the judgment of all the other sections of the com- munity, except tho Roman Catholics, such statements were gross slanders that earned their own refutations with them (Applau«e ) Was it reasonable to suppose that the thou- sands of Roman Catholic parents who sent their children to the Public schools would be parties to such degradation as had been alleged of their children m faith and morals, or that we would stand quietly by and mark the effects of a blight that was falling on our educational system without sounding an alarm Could we by any process of logic come to tho conclusion that the system was as dark as it was painted Surely there was no heresy in the multiplication table, and no ghost of an alien creed in the English Gram- mar-(laughter)-and no pail to the Romish faith in a copy book It was enough to take one's breath away to hear that this goodly tree that was so fair to look upon should really be producing fruit that was so rank and so vile If he answered the Romish hierarchs as they deserved to be answered, he could tell a tale of Romish fruits in other lands that would he thought, put the boot on the other leg He would have something to say of that presently, but in the. meantime he would only remark that it just seemed as if the reverend fathers had been drawing a fancy sketch, and had put too much subject into one picture and too much shudow into the other (Applause ) In dismissing the topic tor the piesent he would say that he had found in those Catholic lands where a Catholic atmosphere was breathed, and where there were Catholic pastures and Catholic shepherds, that there were many as tough as goats and by no means like gentle sheep (applause and lauj.htei) and he had found the Catholics in times of Parliamentary elections and political excitement, as fierce as wolves (Renewed laughtei and appl ruse) He now came to another point of the Pastoral A further allegation was made, that this system of Public education was subsidised for the multiplication of schools which ws said to be such a galling injustice as to provoke tho warmest feelings of resistance, with a view to its destruction Now this talk about Catholic money was perfectly absurd on the face of it Tho Government did not know a Catholic shilling from a Protestant one "Money was received from the people of the colonv fionerallv, and tne Urovemment disbursed it for the good of tne commonwealth upon bioad principles of public justice, md theio vins a direction in which the Church of Rome did get more tnan her lair shaio of the State money It received for her pjupeis and criminals more than was fairly due by the law of propor tion, and yet tho Bishops were fond of the rule of three (Laughter ) 1 or tho support of her paupers, and felons and orphans, the Church of Rome drew very heavily in proportion to what she contributed He would ask them to note th»figure«, and they would find thnt the tacts were m a stianco contrast with tho statements m ide The Bl hops had çiou ed about injustice Let them cons der the fact that last J ear the Chut cb. of Rome received, asa subsidy for Denominational education £16,900 10s G1 andthit all theothei denominations evxlu ive of the Church of Fng laud, recen ed snmctuiii- I Ss than £3n00 But the B>shop3 said that the Catholics could Lot use the Put ho schools ther VrTO ao gilling and oppres ne On the rolls ot our schools there were 13 3J0 Rom in Catholic childien and on tho lolls if certibed Denominational schools there weie , 9704 They had not done with then loidshipsvet Last yeal the Council of Education received 179 applicitions for new schools Hie pirtic-. miliug them were ripie=ented bj 211S parents and guiudians who had pi omi ed lo send tneir children to the schools and this nunibei included Go? Roman Citholics ihe children who weie promised to be .-ent numbered 6101 of nil denominations but 19S9 of them foimed Iho Roman contingent But thev had not done with their lordships \el ihe total nuinhor of children of school age in thobc districts lepresented by the applic itions y-ps 7318 of which Vii weio Roman Catholics uid out of thoso 2221 Roman Catholics 1939 were pledged to attend tho Public schools And yet the con- science of the Catholics was ooposed io the Public school svstem ^ Laughter ) In the iac" of the o lacis what became oi the strong stateuents of the bishops ' their valuo faded aw ly like the baseless fabric of a dieam Who had heard of the groans 0f oppressed consci- ence, or of tho murmuring of a people ground down by a pressure they were unable to bear until this document was manufactured and put forward as a decree of tho Church of Rome'' The Roman Catholics had availed themselves of the State uachinei y to haye then childien educated, and hid never had a sus- picion that they were participators in wrongdoing Now thev were told, and tho Government was told and the country was told, that the Roman Catholics had been stooping to drink at a foul stream, and tho decree had gone forth thit thooo who would not drink of tho waters of education which was carried through Roman aqueducts should be heated as heathens whilo thev lived and when thpydied, and wero told thit at the last they would go to the depths of that perhtion which Rome dec] ned was tho destiny of all who disobeyed her mandates This was the gracious mother who longed to press to her yearning heart her erring children (Laughter, and chenrs ) It made one sad to reflect what the efect ot all thio would be upon the Roman Catholic mind Whether Roman Gt-thohcs would or would not îcsist this Pistoral that to his nnnd had done so much to damage their interests, t was not tor him to s IV It was not for him to say whether they would bend down to tho yoke which was sought to be pluccd upon then snoulders But he would raj that the corni îumty goneially would not stand taniolv by and see this outrage perpc tiated on the lights of îreemen (Cheers) In the iaco ot this great system so mighty in its claims, so imperious and intolerant in its demands, which threw into their midst tho torch of discord in the name of religion, and struck upon their rights, they must sink minor difference as then fathers did in the brave days of old They must stand up and declare that the independence of their political institutions should not be tampered with, and that they would value as a blessing beyond all price the religious liberty which the blood and sufferings of their fathers secured I for them and their successors for ever (Loud choois ) From one brick they might estimate the- character of the whole fabric. He would present them with a brick' taken from tho spiritual exercises of Layólo:-" That wo may in ali things attain the tuith, that wo may not err in anything we ouaht evc-r to hold it a fixed principle that what I wee white I believe to be black if the Hierarchical Church defineit so to be." He would give them another specimen. Question: Of what use is the sign of the holy cross? Answer: To destroy all sorts of sorcery, and to drive away the devil, ghosts," and all temptations. (Laughter.) Question : Is it allowable to take one's wages, or anything elso due to us, in a secret clandestine manner? Answer: Ho who would net safely in this must ask his priest. (Laughter.) Question: Ïs it a sin not to pay tithes? Answer : Yes, it is a great sin. (Loud laughter.) Question: is still due to them, tor they remain vicars of God." He would give them tho results of this How does the Church punish the non-payment of tithes? Answer: She commands that such as do not pay shall be excommunicated and not restored until they have repaid all. (Laughter.) Question : What if they were wicked priests who should get the tithes? Answer: Honour kind of teaching. " Dividing Italy into three great pro vinces-northern, central, and southern-we find in the first that it is in the old provinces of Lombardy there is a school for every 521 inhabitants, and the total number of scholars is at tho rate of one pupil for every 13 of the population. In the central region-the Marches, TJmbria, Emilia, and Tuscany- there is a school for every 1407 of the inhabitants, and one scholar for every 42 of the population.. In the provinces of Naples and Sicily there is but one school for every 2484 persons, and but ono scholar for every 73 of thq popu- lation. Thus it appears from the tables of Sigñor Mat teucci, ex-Minister of Education, that of every thousand males in the old provinces and Lombardy, 639 were moro or less ablo to read, and 461 did not know their letters. Of evpry thousand females 42Ç could read and 574 could not. That is to say, about one- half the population was able to read. But nearer to Rome-in Emilia, Tuscany, the Marshes, and Umbría-of every thousand males those who could read wore only 359, leaving G41 who could not ; of every thousand females 750 weie unable to read. So that in thoso provinces a littlo over ono-fourth only of the population could read. In Naples and Sicily-where tho reign of the priests was most unrestricted-those who could not read avere-of every thousand males, S35; of every thousand females, 938. In other words, in tho Neapolitan province in every hundred of the population ten only wero ablo to read." Nearer to Rome they therefore found something in inverse ratio to what the Bishops would lead them to expect. And this was under the very Pope's nose. (Laughter.) He would givo them a quotation of Mr. Leckie : " It, was the custom then as it is tho custom now for the Catholic priests to stain the imagina- tions of young children by ghastly pictures of future misery ; to imprint upon tho virgin mind atro- cious images which they hoped not unreasonably might prove indelible. Few Englishmen, I imagine, are aware of the infamous publications written with this object that are circulated by tho Catholic priests among the poor." He next cited Master Fitzgibbon,-" After the publication of my book on Ireland in 1868, my attention was called to some school histories written by Jesuits for the use of the children in Roman Catholic schools, and I added a chapter to the second edition of my book, in which I commented on tho perversion and falsification of his- tory in those books ; on one of which Archbishop Whately's comment was, that 'nothing could ex- ceed the unblushing audacity of its falsehoods except the atrocity of its principles,' and that ' the per- version of its morals is still worse than its perver- sion of facts.'" Take Mr. Gladstone's testimony. Mr. Gladstone, the greatest statesman, not only of England but of the world. He said concerning Italy-"It was a land of misrule in which he had seen perjury the daughter of fraud, the mother of cruelty and vice stalk abroad under tho sanction of its Government. A country where, by means of a ' philosophical catechism for the use of Primary schools' there were taught under the veil of religion principles at once false base and demoralising, and where there was shown a real resolution to preoccupy all minds in tho time of their tender and waxen youth and before tho capacity of thought with those principles ' Of this teaching for Primary schools Mr Gladstone himself with a righteous indignation that does him honour records his deliberate judgment that no more cunning plot was ever devised at least by man against the freedom, the happiness, the virtue of mankind (.Loud cheers ) One of the means by which the Roman Catholic prelates here proposed to remedy the great and crying wrongs of which they complained was the coercion of parents. " Let them, moreover, warn parents, who through a spirit of indifference or worldliness are exposing their children to proximate danger of perversion and of ruin that they are tempting the anger of Almighty God, and that they are jeopardizing the fi_ t_ the morality the eternal happiness of those who are too young to help themselves, and who have been confided by Nature itself to their guardianship and protection Let them often remind the people that they are gravely responsible if they give encouragement to such schools for, by so doing, they are helping to perpetuate a great evil and are standing as obstacles in the way of Christian men who are bent on brmgimg about a change Let one and all remember that their fathers of old suffered for tho faith, and let them not show themselves unworthy of their own flesh and blood -flesh which was freely wounded, and blood which was freely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or com- promise Christian faith ' Yet mother extract from the Pastoral - " Let all Catholic parents know that they cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in proximate danger of perversion Let them bear in mind that to do so is to set at defiance the teachings of the Catholic Church and that unless there be exceptional reasons, and the danger be remote, of which things the Church is the judge, no con fessor can absolve such parents as are willing to expose their children's souls, to the blighting influence of an alien creed or a secularist system ' He ventuied to think that thev would regard these delu- sions as a gross outrage on parental authority, and an in- vasion of tne holv dom un OJ. home that ought to m oko the stoutest resista-ce (Chenrs ) To the pn ent belonged the bringing up of the child, tho care of its bodv its nurd, and ita h»ait The parent was God's deleuati to do, or to cause to be don» for the child that which would culture it intellpct and guide its moral nature, so that it would become fat to acceptably per- form its v\ork m the world If this manifesto could ho tianslnUd into fact, thev would have a dramatic representation of a most peeuhir nature Thej would have th» Vrcnbishop in all his glorj, tho urbane James tho Mathevv ot Bathuis , the weal ana somewhat obscure ttillu nor Goulburn each with his mitre on, and each with a stout ecclesiastical stockwhip in his hand Ihej would seo deans archdeacons, and priests rushing here and lhere labouring tor one end all inspired by one stint ill flamm"-with one zeal, all detprmin»_ that they ! would round up their indolent, wayward, wicked sheep that h"djeivt.n tho over °"i so much tiouble Ihej would see these individúals determined to drive out all their lambs from tho scabby districts of public education to enclose them m Roman hurdles and drive them off to a Roman station (Loud cheers) Maik tho Pastoril whip and the long lasa of etcomi_uuic ition at tho end of it Rememhci how its echoes h id been heard ia every part of the countrj in which a r nest wi s statior>»d heard in the Conlessional, herd at the foot of th» Altat, at tho nt s cf Confirmation lhej would seo thut the intent was to coeice the judgment and b-eik down the righteous authontv of the parent It vi as a movement so gigantic that it was enough to convtj0e tho colonv with astonishment and indignation (.Cheers ) The second means bv which the prelates sought to attain their ends was bv coercing the vofei and tht Parliament The prehto3 said that with cohtics a*, politics the) had no dean o to meddle (Laughter) ihev inii'-t havo looked al ono another when thev »aid that (Laughter and Cheeis ) .'Let Catholics rouse themselves up to a sense of their responsibilities, let them bring legitimate pressure to bear in the right quarter and never cease in their persevering, their organised importunity until they have obtained those rights which no man can refuse them without self evident injus- tice ' They knew that the prelates of the Catholic Church dabbled in politics if not personally, by proxy (Hear, heal ) They had sought to exercise undue influence in our charita ble institutions and by every means, some fair and some foul, had sought to push their man into tho Borough Councils Their action meant the degradation of the franchise, the violation of the sacred character of the ballot box death to tho independence of the voter, tho destruction of Parliamentary institutions It meant that, not only the religious liberty, but the political rights of a large section of tho community were to be handed over to the priests, that a man should think as the priest thought -should act as the priest taught—and vote as the priest commanded Were they prepared for this in this fair de- pendency of the British Crown ? He was sure that they had sense and spirit sufficient to say no (Loud cheering ) lhey must fight this matter at the hustings if tne princi- ples of tho Pastoral were proceeded with and pressed to a practical issue They must say to the candidates "Are you for Pope or Parliament * " (Prolonged che-nng)-Rome or Austialia ' (Loud cheenng ) Thev must fight it the b"llot-bo\ts, and, for the time, sink all minor aiiiciei-ces and join hands to defeat this priestly con spiracj (Hear, hcai ) Th°y must tell the representatives of the people that they would watch the action in Parla- ment of this spnit of the Roman Catholic Chuieh (cheers)-and thev would s°o to it that in that Supreme Com t of tho nation the watch wold should be " Justice for all, and pieteiential legislation for none" (Cheers) And if they thus stood to^ethei, and worked together and battled together for the sacredne^s of their rights, the fleedom of politics tho fr°edom of conscience, which was their best birthiight, victory would crown their union, and thev would sav q the counti v from the shado v of a great disgiace and a great peril, (Loud and continuous cheering ) Mr JOHV DAAISS, Ml/a, proposed, ond Mr J" ROSEBA , M L A seconded a vote of thanks to tho lecturei, which waa carried bv acclamation The CHAH MAN was thanked for hi3 services, and after the National Anthem had been sung hy those present, tho meeting dispersed THF SHRIEVALTY-Alii Charles "Woolloton. and Mr Edmund Kelh Bavlev, the recentlv chosen shenfis of London and MiddkseA, hu o ippointed as then undei sbpriffs Mr Heniv Homewood Criuford, of tno firm of Messio Chorlej, Cravvfoid nnd Chester, or Moorgato Btreet, and Mr Robert Ihomas Wia"g, of the firm of Messis "\v rage and Edwards, of Great St Helens Mi Craw ford has filled the ofn>e on sev eral former occasions ihe sheriffs and under-s^vT» »".li..-innence their duties in, September nest 