Parliament of Victoria. j(fr0m our melbourne correspondent.) LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday, October 15. Mr Sahgood naked Mr Cuthbort when his return upon the drafting of bills would be pre sented to the House. Mr.CuiHBERT stated he could not give the required information, but would place himself in communication with the Chief Secretarv oil the matter, \- Mr Eoiumer gave notice of his intention to ask for a return showing the number and name's of !! supernumeraries appointed or discharged in the Government Printing Office since July 1877: Mr Ross asked whether the system was still in force of granting free passes to men to go uji country in senroh of employment. Mr Cuthbort, in reply, said he was not aware whether the sys tem was still in force or not. ! The' House then went into committee to further consider the Constitution of Council Bill. Mr Sargood said the matter had been left in h very unsatisfactory position last night. Thfe wish was that the bill should be proceeded with', and the only question was as to who should take charge of it. He understood it was the general wish of members that Mr Cuthbert should takb charge of the measure. He was sure the House would thoroughly support that gentleman. Mi- Anderson said that it had been arranged that Mr Cuthbert take charge of the measure. Mr Cuth bert said he accepted the position. He thought it a pity that the hill 'should be lost. Most of the important clauses had been . dealt with. With regard to the postponed clauses about the date of periodical retirements, he intended to talce the clauses for last sessions bill instead of theso.: He had no intention of changing thh boundaries of the present bill. He then moved that clause 40, which provided machinery for carrying out clause 39, which was rejected last night, :might be struck out. This was agreed to, Clauses 41 and 42 were passed. In clause 43, : the word peraon was struck out, and " candidate or agent of hiV' inserted instead. The remain ing cliuseb of the bill were agreed to. Mr Ri D. Reid, in moving the clauses of his bill, said unless sotne provision was made for a dissolu; _ tibn in the bill, it had not a ghost of a show of passing. In the event of the clause, providing for 'a dissolution of the Council being rejected; he would abandon the other clauses. (Left sitting.) 