[?] THE JUBILEE AT YASS. {From our Correspondent!) Tiib solemn exercises in connection with tho Jubilee commenced at St. Augustine's Church, on Sunday, August 17th, at tho 11 o'clock Mass, and terminated the Wednesday morning follow ing, at tho 9 o'clock Mass. Tho prieato of fcho ' mission, Father O'Keefo and Father Carr, vrero, for some weeks previously indefatigablo in their endeavours to have the faithful peoplo veil pro pared for the reception of the very special gift — the effect of this greatest of all plenary indul gences. And, indeed, judging from what we saw, their labours were not in vain, but crowned with most; signal success. On Sunday, tho 11 after which the Very Rev. Father llanrahan, O. S.F., Pastor of the Wnvcrlcy mission, delivered, to an attentive and crowded congregation, ono o£ the most able sermons we have heard at St. Augustine's, during which the zealouo and earned priest placed before his audience, in all its greatness, (he indulgence of the Jubileo and the priceless benefits to be derived therefrom by those who faithfully comply with fcho conditiono laid down by the Sovereign Potiff, Loo XIII., successor of St. Peter, and Vicar of Jesuo Christ upon earth. As soon as the sermon, which lasted rally an Hour, was concluded uio iaithrul began quietly to leave fcho nucvod edifice, a?id return to their homos, evidently in dee)) thought upon those grand truths, which, on that occasion, they heard so clearly expounded. In the evening, at 7 o'clock, Vespers, as usual, commenced, after which tho zealous Father preached for an hour upon that evil — mortal sin, and the terriblo de struction it causes in the soul redoemed by the blood of Christ, This import ant and fundamental meditation must without any doubt have the power of moving even the most obdurate to a true and speedy repentance. The sermon concluded, Benediction of fcho most, adorable Sacrament fol lowed. On Monday and Tuesda}' morninga tho '? principal Mass was celebrated at 8 o'clock. Each morning Father llanrahan preached at con siderable lengl h, an also on the eveningo of Monday and Tuesday, after tho Rosary, which was recited at 7 o'clock. His sermon on Monday evening was a very important one — tho delay of repentance on the part of the dying sinner pro ducing such a deep and saddening iinpresoion on fcho largo congregation that the priesta v/evo obliged to remain in the Confessionals until nearly midnight. Thio sermon was very much admired ana tau:eu oi amongsc tno laitluul, and it is to be sincerely hoped that the worthy fruits of eternal life produced thereby will long remain. The sermon on Tuesday night wr.2 indeed a great one, and ono worthy of the gifted prieot who preached it. In treating of fchia greet raonumont ? of tho lovo of Jesus Christ, the preacher could not conceal from hia more intelligent heavera fcho evident signs of tho master in theological lcarn» ing, but Bliowed what io best of nil, the humblo priest deeply penetrated with lovo torrwdo our good and silent God hidden under tho oncra incntal veils. Tho treating of fchia subject vas ' received with a breathless silence, and moved all present to love still more tho beauty of God'o house and the place where Hia glory dvrolleth. Thio evening was indeed mado great by fcho presence in tho Sanctuary of his Lordship our venerated Bishop, who at considerable incon venience to himself camo from Goulburn fco close the holy exercises of the Jubileo. Nosfc morning, Wednesday, the last day of tho Re treat, the Holy Sacrifice waa celebrated at 3 o'clock by Father Carr. The sight on thio occa sion cannot be soon forgotten. The history of the Primitive Christians repeated itself, for tho entire congregation, consisting of between four and fire hundred persons, received tho Bread of Life — that pledge of future glory — tho crown of Christian perseverance. As soon n3 the Mass was concluded his Lordship, whose presenco is ever hailed with joy by his devoted flock, ascended tho altar steps and for over an hour'Jpreached a very elaborate and learned oermon which, it is to be fervently hoped, will never fude away from tho memories of fcho Catholics of this parish. The Bishop appeared to both strong and healthy, and was indeed most happy in tho delivery of hia able address. His Lordship spoke at great length upon that precious gift of Faitli brought down from Heaven and given by the Saviour of man kind as a sacred deposit to His Church which Ho founded and built upon the rock. He appoinfcod His Living church as the custodian of that precious f.vivismv. wil.h n, most koIimiiji immicl.inri f-/-. n™n „„ it broadcast over fcho face of the whole world. ' Go ye and teach all nations, baptizing them in the namo of fcho Father and of the Son and of fcho Holy Ghost.' ' He who hears you hears Me, and he who despises you despises Mo.' From these inspired words his Lordship said tho duty of the luifcy was an obvious ono and a solemn one. Our Blessed Lord^hereby imparted to his Apostles and fco their successors' in fcho ministry, tho prelates of fcho Church, and to fcho priests commissioned by these pre lates under the Sovereign Pontiff, tho offico of preaching tho holy faith and guarding fch© morality of the Christian people. Hero tho Bishop entered briefly and lucidly upon tho edu cation question, and every word that he apoko was listened to with fcho greatest satisfaction, and wo hopo with great profit to fcho peoplo. Hia Lordship afterwards gave Bonediction of tho Blessed Sacrament, after which all retired to their respective homes, deeply impressed with fcho mercy of God manifested to all during those days of grace and blessing. During tho Jubileo He fcreafc over 500 received fcho Holy Communion, which was a very large number indeed, when we consider they came for the most part only a dis tance of some eight miles as a radius from Yass. Outsido this distance tho priests gavo sonio weeks previously an opportunity to the peoplo of gain ing fchio great indulgence. Before Father Hanra? ban left Yass the principal gentlemen waitecj upon him at tho presbytery and presented him ?with, a gift on behalf of tho people as a token of the sincerity in which his ministrations -were received. 