Baptist Church, Hinton, ANNIVERSARY AND ORDINATION. The aunivorenry of the Baptist Church, Hinton, "was celebrated on Sunday nnd Tuesday last by * ipecial services and a ten and public meeting. On Sunday, the Kev. F. Eibberd, Secretary of the Baptist Union, preached the anniversary sermon» both morning and evening. Both cervices were well attended, and the sermons much appreciated. In the afternoon of Sunday, he also addressed the children, belonging to the church, at which there was also a fair attendance. On Tneeday afternoon an interesting service w»s held in the church, when the Kev. W. B. Harvieon, who has laboured for some time as the pastor of the church, and as an evangelist in the remote districts, was ordained to ihe Ministry. There was a fair attfná BBce of the public at the service, notwithstanding the shcwety weather. The service was commenced . by singing the 679th hymn. The Bev. J. Williams then read 2nd Timothy II. chapter, after which the Bev. Dr. Boat; offered a prayer. Another hymn was then sung, 676, after which the Bev. Mr. HarviBon made a statement. Another pn.yer, offered by Dr. Bong, was followed by the singing of the 678th hjmn, after which the Bev. F. Hibberd delivered his charge to the minister. The rev. gentleman took as his text II. Timothy, ii. chap, xv. verse : " Study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth." On tbie text the rev. gentleman founded an eloquent address on the work of the Christian ministry. To rightly di- vide the word of truth it required loyalty to the truth, faithfulness to his own heart, and.mindfulnesB of the wants of his hearers. He argued eloquently on the necessity of the Christian minister possessing the above requisites, and then pointed out that the spirit in which the work was to bo Accomplished was diligence, earnestness, and forwardness. The crowning reward of hie work he pointed ©ut would be shown in the minister's personal improvement, bia fidelity to the truth, and the approbation of God. As the metal was tried and punned in the fire, so the minister was improved by the faithful carrying out ef his work. Fidelity to the trath was a great test of the work accomplished. The influence of this faithfulness Was apparent on the character of all his people, and tended to the benefit of the minister. He pointed out tijivt the approbation of God showed itself in the minister in a cor science void of offence, in bis growing ability, and his increased power in spiritual results Al the conclueiou'of the address another hymn was sung. A charge to the congrega- tion was to have followed, but owing to the lateness of the hour, it was decided that it should be delivered at the public meeting following the tea. The tea meeting was held in the School of Arte, the tables being provided and served by ladies con- nected with the church. The attendance was only 1 a moderate one, the showers which bad fallen up to this time, and the threatening appearance of more falling, having no doubt deterred many from a distance'from attending. After tea the tables were . cleared, seats arranged, and the public meeting was commenced. The hall was comfortably filled. The chair was occupied by the Rev. W. R. Har viBon, the newly ordained pastor. He was supported on the platform by the Revs. F. Hibberd, W. Taylor, Isaac Williams, and T. Llewellyn, Baptists ; Dr. Boag, Presbyterian; and J. A. Foggon, Primitive Methodist. An excuse was made for the absence of the Kev. H. Mack. The CHAIBMAN stated that they were met together to celebrate the anniversary of the Baptist Church, the twenty-third he thought. He expressed his plea- sure at seeing so many present, and at the platform being so well filled. The choir then sang a hymn, after which the Rev. ISAAC WILLIAMS of Lambton offered a prayer. The Bev. WM. TAYLOR snid the address delivered by the Rev. Mr. Hibberd in the church contained a , great deal that waa applicable not only to the minis- ter but also to the people. It WSB thought well how- ever that there should be an address not only to the minister, but one specially to the people as such. As there was mot time in the afternoon, he had been requested to deliver it that night. He thought it better as far as possible to base his address on God's own word. He had theretore chosen the XVII. Exodue, v. 11 and 12 - "And it came to paes, when Moses held up his hand, that Israel, prevailed : and when he let down bis ha»d Amalek prevailed. But Moses hands were heavy: and they took a stone and put it under him, and he sat thereon ; and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands, 'the one on the one side, and the other on the other side ; and his hands were steady until the going down of the sun." He mentioned the circumstances relating to the text, and said Moses holding up his bands might be taken as n prayer, directed up ti Heaven for the help of which they stood in need, the lifting up of the hands being in those days an act of supplication. It night also have been intended as an eucour agement to the Jewish warriors. MOBSS held in his band the rod-the wonder-working red- which hsd worked such wonders when they they were delivered out of the land of Egypt. It might be taken as a sign of all that had been done for them ; as a sign of God's presence still, In either case it might be taken as an illustration of the work of a Christian minister. His chief work was prayer and the teaching of the word. He intercedes with God for them, and as a preacher he spoke RS the ambassador of God in showing them his Word. It served to remind them of the importance and necessity of the Chris- tian Ministry. It might also remind them of the difficulties of the work. Moses' hands were heavy. The work was onerous and exhausting. It would serve to remind them that Ministers depended for success upon the BJ mpathy and care of others. This brought bim to the subject on which he wished to 'speak on the preB°nt occasion : how Christian peo- ple should sustain the banda of their minister, to as to contribute to the efficiency and success of his work. There were many ways in which they could do this. First they could do it by entertaining a Scriptural view of his office, and cherishing a warm affection for bia person. The Christian Ministry was not an ordinary vocation. Its claims could not be regarded as BO much service on the one side and so much pay on the other. It was a divine institution established for a special end. A true minister was the servant of the Lord Jesus Christ-nn ambas- sador to make known bia word to men, to faed his flock, to watch over tbe souls of men. He gave himself wholly to the work-his tima, his talents, his possessions. They put everything under contribution. He referred to the picture shown to Bunyan of a Christian Minister, which wai a picture of every true minister. Such ^' men were God's gift to the church, and thoy ought 'ñ$¡*p esteem it a duty to love thom not only out of re «ï «beet to them, but they should cherish a personal )Hi>'*ç..>ction for them. This they deserved not so much ion x^iarivete as on public grounds. The Christian UiamV^try was established for the benefit ot the peo tall, £l\i. But a minister could be a benefit only in pro cunumjB as they believed in and loved him. If he S>; pr&ù^rded with dislike he would be of no good to Stall frot,i tbey respected the man, listened to his ff "John J*T weighed his advice canáidly, and if it com jkeeks^ptself to their judgment, acted accordingly, poimeraEwuld be benefitted. When everyone loved ,, y^kí¿v'ji8tfr he was able to serve them with ability. enWfc&^yi.ieople thought lightly of their minister, tainedj^ }¡A be likely ta give them cause for _?- -.-io ; but if they respected and loved bim, his N OF/J JP J *ifl °f that love would stir him up, warm him, '* » every faculty to spring into bloom, and 60iL . , r I -,he most precious fruits. Where it necessary loçvv A iér point out the benefit to the people he might a '-¿¿«/ii?Dut tne benefit that almost every Christian has ä/Ä^Släd at one time or another from the Minister. 'ÖOere not some indebted to the pulpit preaching for F eil the knowledge they possesed of the goodness of [ Ged? Had it not been the means of converting », others, and brought them from darkness into the light |i and liberty of the Gospel, Did not some after the SStoila and vexations of the week go to the sanctuary Sfeith ead hearts, and return with a feeling of great A^3¿alief? Intimfs off Auction and bereavement did nwmoy not receive from the pastor judicious counsel fftmá sympathy. Perhaps he had Biud more than was needed on thh aubject. Next to tha loving a;, proba- tion of God he thought there was nothing so helpful to the Minister as the loving approbation of his people. (Applause,) Another way in which they could assist him was by a devout and regular attendance on the means of grace. His chief means of working was by preaching and the Njmioi8tration of the divine ordinances. These sup ^S*> the presence of the people. A schoolmaster »ï**>»t instruct MB scholars if they were absent, Sm& *«uld a minister those who were absent i, 5^aS»gs*3ations. If they "continued steadfast tkV «?». tS*M«Ssstrine and in the breaking of bread ?l i^*w2?^^y would be sure of sue« m ÄV*'^\\**Ä h* content to attend mt ^^^NasAi*« others, and awaken in "«L - ^N^jWiag God's house and Ogg- "v *»« great ways in wbich the people could atsist/nnother was in raining funds for the psstor's salary. Another wsy in whiea they could hold up their minister's hands was by aotive co-operation in Church work. It bad been said that the pastor of the future would be the originator and lender of a bund of workers. H» trusted it would be so in the future, oven more so than in the past. The Christian Church could be taken in one aspect an a family working in love to each other, In another aspect it was an army sent forth to subdue the world, and what sort of on army would it be if the officers were left to tight, and the rank and file threw down their arms and quitted the field They needed ministers ef piety and power as leaders, but they also wanted other workers- deacons full of faith and the Holy Ghost; evangelists to carry the Gospel te those in dark neta ; warm hearted men and women to v sit the houses of the poor, and carry with teem the gospel of pe ce j zealous Sabbath school teachers ; and above all devout Christian parents to bring up their , children in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. He appealed to fathers and mothers to teach Jîod's I word diligently to their children. Another way to ¡ ns'ist the minister more important still was by prayer. This was a duty in which all could co-oper- ate. None were too poor or too weak. He urged the importance of prayer cteetings. When there was life in the prayer meetings there was life every- where. If the disciples continued in one accord in praj er and supplication, the day of Penticost wes not far off them. He appealed to them to sustain the hat de of their minister-sustain them by their affections, by their sympathy, and by their co-opera- tions ; and whatever they di«!, or whatever they left undone, they should not fail to pray for him (ap- plause.) The CHATBMAN said he felt more than ever obliged to devote himself to the Lord Jesus Christ, Not that he was only just now set apart for the work. By God's grace he felt himeelf ^consecrated to the work before he entered upon it ; but now he felt that be was publicly set apart for the work. None but those who undertook the labonrs and responsibilities of a minister could conceive the responsibility of the services and the nature of the work. He appealed to them to go forward with him from that night, and serve the Lord Jesus Christ with more undivided hearts. Choir : " There is a home over there." The SFCRETAIIT (Mr. Allan Beavis) read the twenty-second annual report. It set forth that five members had been added to the church by Baptism during the year, making a total of twenty-eight. Services were held twice a day on the Sabbath by the pastor, and in his absence at the out-stations by Wesleyan and Primitive Methodist brethren, and oc- casionally by Baptist brethren. The prayer meetings had gradually died out, but have been renewed. A Sabbath school wi s held in the afternoon, and was most successful. Only one quarterly tea meet- ing bad been held since the last anniversary, some of the members thinking it wise to discontinue them ; but the secretary expressed the hope to see them held sgain, as they contributed to unity and brotherly love. The receipts for the minist -r's salary since last report had been-from Hinton, £5316s1$d; Clarence Town, £17 ; Thalaba, £1 12s, which only gave a weekly average of £1 8s lOd. The report concluded by calling upon the people to be faithful both in .the support of their pastor and in the duties devolving upon them as a church, assuring them that if they did they would be blessed in the future as they had been in the past. The CHAIRMAN supplemented the report by an account of his work in the out stations. 1600 miles had been travelled to reach the various places during kia evangelistic duties; 80 services were held, besides readings and prayers from house to house. In the Port Stephens district four members had professed faith in Christ; at Tbalaoa over thirty. This was not owing solely to his exertions, but to the labours of Baptiet friends in that neighbourhood also, who lived blameless before their neighbours, and preached the faith. The last he heard from there was that thirty-five parsons had pro- fessed their trust in the Lord Jesus during the last four months, 29 had joined the church by bap- tism at Thalübs, Another Sabbath school had .been added, and seven new preaching stations opened, but others had been abandoned because the distance was too great. He pointed out that the people of Hinton were members of the church, they already loved the Lord and were on the way to heaven, and that they should send the word to those who were parishing for a lack of it. _, The Eev. Dr. BOAG congratulated the Chairman on his happy marriage. He had not heard better speeches since he left the old country than these in connection with the ordination. He humorously referred to the Minister's marriage to the church, and described the custom that existed among the Egyp- tians of laying the bodies of a young man and young womau together on their dying acd on account of this marriage of the mammies the families continue in friendship. Their minister's marriage was a living one, it bad been showed how he conducted himself as a Minister of Jesus, and from what he had said of them it showed they were a living church. He referred to the importance of Mr. Harvison's evangelistic work, BBd pointed oat that it was not every minister who could be a successful evan- gelist, and urged them to support him in it. He also spoke of the importance of the Sunday schools se providing young people to take their places when they were gone, and urged them to assist the minis- ter by holding up his hands. Choir : " Where hast thou gleaned to-day." The Rev. J. A. FOQOON next spoke. He said he was very happy in being with them, and from his heart he wished them God speed in their work. After referring to the small salary that their minister received, he said if they got the power of God down and the people saved, they would have plenty of meney. His elder brother, who was a minister, had said to bim : Try to save men, never mind speaking of money. If you save men sufficient money will come in. Their minister was throwing the whole of his heart, his intellect, and his energies into the work of saving men. As a result of Mr. Harvison's work he instanced the case of a lady whom he met at one of his out-stations who told him that two or three of her family bad accepted the liberty of the gospel through Mr. Harvison's teaching. By sup- porting bim when he is out they would be support ing God's work. He referred to his own church ; they had adopted the plan of having as good a col- lection when he was away as when he preached, and he recommended that plan to them. .He pointed out that it wai their duty to give as well as pray, and elso urged the importance of assisting their minister, particularly by inviting people to attend the church. A collection was made in aid of the building fund, for the repair of the church, the choir meanwhile singing " Oh where are the reapers ?" The Rev. T. LLEWELLYN was the next speaker. He said he felt happy at being present. There could be no true happiness unless there was unity of com- munion, which could only be had in Christ. He loved all those who loved the Lord Jesus Christ, Although they could not have uniformity, they had unity in spiritual- matters. His grandmother had advised him never to profess religion till he loved God in his heart. Profes- sing religion without possessing it, led to more ruin than anything he knew of. They should get united to Christ and then they would have love for one another. It was not because his father or mother were Baptists that he should be one. He referred to the Primitive Methodists as speaking freely of the dealings of God with them, and said he did not see why they should not speak to one an- other of the dealings of God towards them, in the same way as they spoke of their crops and other subjects. The speaker described his journeying in the southern district, and of his services being the cn.use of the awakening in Mr, Harvison a desire to labour in the cause. It was Mr. Harvison's desire to exalt Christ. He pointed out that it was possible for them te kill their Minister. He trusted that they would bear him in their arms in faith and love to the mercy seat; that they should pray before their children for their minister, and speak of him re- spectfully in the presence of their children. Many a religious parent who sought the conversion of their children had prevented it by speaking disrespectfully of their minister. The Bnp'ists had not much to encourage them. They believed that it was the command of Jesus for believers 'to be baptised, and they held that the way of obedience was the way of safety. The CHAIBMAN announced that the children were requested to meet at the chapel the next day for a, trent, The children of the town and neighbourhood were invited. I Choir : " In the bright far evermore." The Rev. F. HIBBKBD stated that it'was a-pet theory of his that Hinton ought not to have a minister 1 all to herself ; but thBt the minister ought to be piirtly a postor and partly an evangelist. The first brother who had put that idea into shape was the pastor whom they had received as one of their stand- ing ministers that day. H» had MB (the speaker's) approval. He referred to Mr. Harvison's sermons, ' having htd an opportunity of listening to then and criticising them while he was under him as a student, and he thought if they had two good sermons every fortnight in a month, they had as much as they could digest spiritually. He thought church members were too much preached to-they were surfeited with preach- ing. He thought one of this best thingB that could happen to them would be a famine of the Word of God, so that they might hunger after it, and appre- ciate it more, whether on nccount of their pastor being enabled to take the Gospel to those who were so much in need of it, or because his necessary absence was the means of bringing out some of their Baptist local preachers, they ought to support him in his work. He pointed to Mr. Harvison end Mr. Jaggers on the Lawrence River as the result of send- ing Mr. Llewellyn into the Bega district, for which they ought to be thankful. When he heard of people in the interior breaking out and committing deeds which made them tremble, he did not lay the bltme so much on them as o a the Christian churches. It was sixteen years since be first visited Hinton, and he referred to the fact that some of the main pillars of the church in the Grafton district were persons who had been transplanted from that productive soil. He re- ferred to the glorious past of the chureh in Hinton. Some members had been removed to the realms of bliss, and seme had been removed to bless other dis- tricts. They had bad floods, and he had often sympa- thised with them. They should ench strive to be a liv- ing flume, and be co-w rkers with their minister. Such co-workers he prayed the God ot heaven to Rive his brother to assiBt bim in the toil of his heart and his bands, (Appkuse), On the call of the CHAIBMAN votes of thanks were given to different persons contributing to the success of the meeting. The choir then snug " Will you mest me at the fountain ?" and the meeting closed with Rev. Dr. BOAS pronouncing the benediction. 