GOVERNOR BELMORE. The Right. Honourable Edward Richard, Earl of Belmore, and a member of her Majesty's Privy Council, succeeded Sir John Young on the 8th January, 1868, the government having been admin istered during a short interregnum by Sir Trevor Chute. The new Governor arrived in Sydney by the ship Sobraon on the 7th January, and his official land ing took place on the day following. The Earl of Belmore was not a man of commanding talents, and he lacked the gift of public speaking, but he had tact and firmness, and he* conducted the business of provern ment, during a very trying period, with ability and discretion. It was in the first year of his government, that H. R. H. the Duke of Edin burgh visited the colony, and after being received everywhere with great demonstrations of loyalty, barely escaped assassination at the hand of the Fenian O'Farrell, who shot the Prince in the back with a revolver, while he was attending the Sailors' Home picnic at Clontarf . The attempted murder of his Royal Highness roused the colonists to great in dignation against the would-be assassin, and evoked such universal sympathy for the sufferer, and expres sions of loyalty to the British Throne that there was little doubt of O'Farrell being alone in his attempt to take the Prince's life. One of those who believed O'Farrell had accomplices was Mr. {now Sir Henry) Parkes, then occupying the position of Colonial Secre tary, and he, feeling certain, from information furnished to the Government, that an extensive Fenian organization existed in the colony, made speeches at Kiama which were the origin of what has since been known as the ' Kiama Ghost,' and introduced into parliament the Treason Felony Bill. That bill, the object of which was to stamp-out the supposed Fenian proclivities of a portion of the population, was passed in something like a panic, and was after wards much condemned and repealed. The Prince recovered from his wound, amid great rejoic ing ; O'Farrell was sentenced to death and executed; and the Fenian scare gradually died away. By traversing the colony in various directions, the Earl of Belmore made himself acquainted with the wants and wishes of the people, and gathered a' stock of knowledge respecting the inland resources and pro- * gress of the country which has been of considerable - use to him, and of no little advantage to the colonists, ? since his return to England. In July, 1868, he made a tour of the south- western districts ; in June, 1869, he visited the western districts; in August of the same year he made a northern tour ; and at other times he visited Orange, Kempsey, Bonibala, Goulburn, Nor folk Island, and New Zealand. He gave his counten ance and support to all the charitable institutions of the colony, and took great interest in the progress of the Agricultural Society, and of the Church Society. The first Intercolonial Exhibition in Prince Alfred Park was opened by him on-the 30th August, 1871 At the close of the fourth year of his government he was induced to resign his office and return to England, in consequence of Lady Belmore's failing health. On the 21st February, 1872, a farewell dinner was given to his Excellency, and he left the colony four day* afterwards. 