amuseMEMTS. An entertainment, consisting of Rip Van Winkle and an afterpiece more redolent . of wicked satire than.pleasantry, is not at the. very best excessively . exhilarating. .But when superadded is the spectacle of an unnaturally attenuated , audience, the effect is downright depressing' to ' the casual visitor no less than the regular patrons/ How many degreesmust that feeling be intensified in the mind of the actCrs.; With a house in which individuals ap-: . pear rari mntes in gurgitc vasto, like oysters ini a soup tureen at the board of an. economic host, how can the sons. of Thespis do them- ; selves or their subjects justice ? The reflec- . tion that there is scarcely sufficient money in , . the house . to :.pay? ,tlie gas bill . may tend- to the increase of tragic vehemence, and 'give a deeper shade to the' sivnulation of excessive grief, ' hilt' under such "circum stances the jocund laugh/ the lithesome tread, the quips .and; cranks and wanton wiles of the players seem hollow and delusive. This pro position could not be gainsayed by any one who dropped in "casually at the Academy of' Musii ' during the week! Since tlie- departure of- tlie Linigards this pretty ;little> temple oif the Muses has been neglected by the, public. The , house in all parts .nightly presents what- is known as a beggarly, array of empty benches, and as a matter of course the paucity of patronage has not Bad a brightening influence upon the performances. -Not .that the latter have been by any means laclring in attrac tiveness 'of a certain kind. ' Credit ' must be . gdven to the company that tliey consci entiously 'exert themselves to do justice to their parts, even though a man and a boy and < |;a few deadheads constitute the circle of their , admirers. The fact is, the Halls, though very excellent people, cannot liope that their peculiar business will charm for ever. Variety . is an essential in order to" Becnre theatrical success. A manager, even were he as gifted and versatile as Garrick, must' trim'; his' sails to catch the breath of popular favor, otherwise, he . must ultimately find himself stranded ,or becalmed, with every prospect of rain starihg him in the face. In this respect we are afraid Mr. Hall, who certainly deserves every re spect at the hands of the press no less than the public, has been wanting in discrimina- : . tion. He cannot expect to compete with the company at the Opera House in polite comedy, and his Dutch business can hardly be siaid to reach the standard of the William sons, who have made it a special and excep- ' tionai study. Nevertheless he, greatly daring, seeks to do so. Instead of seiz ing the, opportunity of steering a mid dle course, when the Opera House . drew only these who had a taste for a distinct line of the. drama, and when the Royal was rapidly' earning the title bestowed by some irreverent member of the profession, of the "Family Vault," Mr. Hall should have fished' in other waters, and sought to catch" that large class of playgoers who prefer light, sparkling and diverting comedies to solid pud- ding. While Mr. Garner essays to please with society- plays, Mr. Hall follows suit with melodrama, and, as Struck Oil is the vagfij he next seeks to pay a compliment to the prevail ing taste of the public for Dutch eccentricities by performing Rip Van Winkle. There is no gainsaying the fact that this drama will pro bably always hold a position on the stage as a stock : piece, and be regarded as the test ' of ability of a , certain order. Yet we are disposed to think that it is only' such an artist " as Jefferson that will suc ceed in making the character more than tolerably presentable. . Mr. Hall, as the re suscitated Dutchman, showed, as might have been anticipated, his acknowledged versatility/ biat-he will never care, we think, Bo be jndged as .an actor /by the impersonation.. He was decidedly . clever "in spots," as a' Yankee, would say. PerliapB Mr! Williamson could n|ot pronounce the Dutch vernacular more naturally at times. Tlie effort, hoitever, was: spasmodic. .The hands were the hands of Rip,- but occasionally ,tlie y«nqsVjm-.4iie''.>Hiice of the ? volatile Captain Uingah/ That-- buitei tty of fashion seeded, unaccountably mixed npwith Rip's orgies and plaintive maimderings, the result being somewhat grotesque at times. When it came to acting pure and simple, Mr. Hall was all there, hut when it was a matter of linguistic fidelity he waspre-eminently nowhere. Tlie idea conveyed by the representation was not ad much that of a parody as an absence of suitability on the part of the performer. There was humor enough in it, hut not of the kind we have been accustomed to. The pathetic element was all but eliminated. The scene between the villagers and Rip after his pro tracted sleep' upon the mountain affords fine scope for sympathetic acting, infinitely superior to the struggle of John Stofel to collect his scattered senses when he returns to his home. Mr. Hall showed a keen perception of the dramatic; requirements in the passage, but he failed to arouse the finer feelings of his audience; in the delineation of the old man's mental condition he made himself little better than an obfuscated dotard, This, every one is aware, is not the accepted interpretation of Rip Van Winkle. The farce which followed, entitled The Temple of the ;Sun, is mirth-provoking enough under more cheering auspices, hut coupled with the poverty of the attendance the per formance of such a piece only rendered things more dismal. The Temple of the Sun is a skit upon dramatic representations of the Richardson Show pattern. Old Jack Ricliard- son, it may he mentioned, who from the very depths of penury, and having to labor against the difficulties inseparable from an utter want of education, lived to realise a large fortune by the stage, is said to have had one theory re specting his dramas, namely, that they should embrace a dreadful combat with broadswords, sonte impassioned speeches, red or blue fire, a little thunder, and a "bleeding ghost." The Bleeding Ghost generally fetched the audience when all else failed. The length of the performance was usually regulated ac cording to circumstances. Thus, if customers were sparse, the audience might expect something for their money, hut u a roaring trade were on the performance was brought to a sudden .'termination after about twenty minutes, upon a given signal. Then it was nothing uncommon to have twenty-four per formances in the course of the day.. The Temple of the Sun is of the same accommo dating .character.; . It might be prolopged in definitely, ' or concluded at any point without detriment "to - the' plot! The fun r is evolved from the .audience being permitted , a glimpse behind the., scenes, while the., mock tra gedy is" ' being performed for the ' delectation of a' select company who are seated beyond. Mr. Hall, as the prompter, was in his element, and made capital fun out pi his rows with the call boy, his difficulty in' following the actors in 'their ffiglits of fancy, his devices in the way of - stage arrangements and apparatus, his instructions to the company before the rising Of the curtain ond'his antics when it had de scended, Amidst deafening ' applause.'. The farce is most- amusing,- and was capitally played as: such. To-night (Saturday) " Uncle .Tom's Cabin will be played, the original _ Georgia. Minstrels .assisting. ; At the Theatre Royal Struck Oil continues tb draw' good: houses ; while the London . Gopaedy Company are doing excellent business .at 'the Opera House in Our Boys. ' | At the People's Theatre' on Saturday even ing a new' drama in five acts, entitled The 'Wandering. Heir, was performed; for the ; first' time,: Mrs. ;F.' M; Bates sustaining the prin- \- cipal character, Philippa Chester. There are some effective scenes in the drama, which ?is : very sensational and romantic.: The chief ; incidents are the death of Lord Athom, and the abduction of his Heir, A young girl, Philippa Chester, .who has a' strong prssion for the Heir, James Annersley, .goes in search of him, assuming the disguise of . male attire. . After a supposed long lapse of time the , two meet upon a quaker's plantation in the south of America, b'oth serving in menial capacities as slaves. They have, in ad dition, a hard task master, from whom they manage to make their,, escape, : and once more set foot upon their native land (Ireland), But here further - troubles await the young heir, who is now accused 'of murder. . He: hojv- ever succeeds in establishing his innocence,; and the usual happy termination; ensues. Mrs. F.,. M.: Bates . gave' m . admirable rendering of the: part : of Philippa Chester/ fulfilling all its: requirements by her perfectly natural,; and careful acting., . The reception accorded her by , the ' audience was flattering . thr oughbut the progress of the play. Mr. J. F. ; Gathcart as Janies; Annersley also . acquitted ! himself satisfactorily, y Rowley, the , villain of ..the piece, yvas ably played by Mr. W. Ryan ; and Mr. E: P'almer created great amusement by his impersonation; of Jedecliah Surefoot, a Quaker,' though. the- character wqs much overdrawn.. Mr. T. J. Herndon also provoked,' mirth by the entertaining way in which he represented thepai-t of a negro. Miss M.! Melville is': en titled to considerable praisefor.the painstaking manner in which slie played Maria Surefoot, who has also become greatly enamored; of- the wandering heir during his term of slavery oh her father's estate, and is mainly instrumental ..in bringing about Annersley's . escape. ; Miss Kate Foley ably sustained the part of Betty, an old domestic in 'the service of tlie Altham family. The other characters were also fairly played, and the drama creditably placed upon the stage, especial attention being, paid to scenic effects. On Saturday evening the complimentary concert to Miss Lucinda Bluckham took place in the Town Hall before a crowded attendance, when an attractive programme was performed, under the " eonductcrship .of Mr. " David Lee. 'Throughout the audience.. were most lavish of apnlause. the .performers in nearly. ; every case being Honored. with a recall. ,Miss Blackham, Mi«w Alice Rees and Madame Cariotta T'asca re ceived each a perfect ovation of bouquets and wreaths,'. The first number sung by Miss Blackham, who is still pursuing her musical studies, under MarianJS Lucv Chambers, was Bishop's Lo, Here the Gentle" Lark/the flute obligate being- played by " "Hew Julius . Siede. Her intonation was clear and., pure ; tlie carols of the feathered herald of the mom were reproduced with un labored sweetness and effect, the vocal tones and those of the flute being in ad mirable unison. The pbligato was played by Herr: Siede with his usual masterly skill. So great wag the approbation displayed thai Miss Blackham was honored with four recalls, iind'th'e concluding portion of the number had to be repeated: In, the aria, Carnival de Yenise, by Benedict,' Miss Blackham was also success ful. The opening.. was sung with expression, . while the florid portion of the number, an J particularly the staccato passages, were marked by facile execution E in alt from the chest was given with singular force and clearness. She also sang Rosaline, dedicated to herself by the composer, Mr. St. John Caws/with con siderable effect. Tlie words of the song are by Mr. H. H. Blackham. The charming song, Ever Thine, by Abt, was rendered by Miss Alice . ReeswithBweetncssandsympathetic expression. - - Her second number was Ombra Leggiera/ from Meyerbeer's opera Dinorah. On a former : occasion we had to compliment Miss Rees on her performance of this difficult aria, and have now once more to repeat our words of praise. Her intonation was pure and clear, and the sparkling rhythm so well maintained seemed to develope the charming flexibility pf her fresh and youthful voice. In obedience to demands for an encore Miss Rees ' gave Sing, Sweet Bird, by Ganz, with admirable effect. Schubert's grand song, The Wanderer, was clone full justice to by Mrs. Cutter, the full volume of her voice and the sonorous richness of her lower notes being heard to the greatest advan tage. Her rendering of Puchinello, a taking song, by J. L. Molloy, was also effective. Miss May Hill, a pupil of Mr. David Lee, sang O Mio Fernando. Tho young lady possesses a mezzo-soprano voice, the lower notes of which' are the best. Thirwall's Thus Goes the World Around, and Down Deep Within the Cellar, by L. Fischer, were capitally sung by Mr. B. T. Moroney. In the former his deep notes were heard to the greatest advan tage. Parry's duet, Flow gently, Deva, was creditably rendered by Messrs. Smith and Lester. The enthusiastic approbation which the pianoforte performance of Madame Car- . lotta Tasca elicited proved that the talents of the artiste were fully appreciated by the audi ence. Her first solo was a Rondo in E flat by Chopin ; a composition the bril liancy of which was equalled by that of its performance. Madame Tasca merged her identity with that of the composer, and repro duced every phase of his fitful originality with artistic fidelity. Her next performance was Blair Athol, a fantasia on Scotch airs, by De Sivrai, in which her execution was the theme of unbounded admiration. Madame Tasca responded to the vociferous demands for an encore by playing a fantasia on the Last Rose ..of rSummer,. and ;Go$ Save the Queen, . by ; Coenen, for the left hand only. This number served to display the wonderful power of mani pulation which this lady possesses, double shakes,- - double octaves, and shakes and octaves com bined were performed with exquisite precision and extraordinary brilliancy of execution, and Madame Tasca retired amidst a storm of ap- , plause. Asaviolin solo, Mr. H.Curtis played a Polonaise, Danela. The andante passages were interpreted with effective expression, while the quicker passages were marked by a finished power of bow, the tone throughout - being ex cellent. His efforts to please received the ap plause, of th e audience. As a, piano solo, . Miss , E. Robinson played selections from Don Pas- . quale, arranged by Rossellen, in really fine ; style, being honored with a hearty recall and ; a shower of bouquets. Madame Tasca, Miss Alice Rees and the maj ority of the other, performers kindly gave their gratuitous. ^ser vices; . \- A concert: was given in the Temperance Hail, , liusscll-street, on Monday evening, under ' the auspices of .the Grand Lodge of the inde pendent Order of Good: Templars. . .The per formers >vere .Miss Rosina' Carandini, Mrs. Smythe, Mrs.- Gutter, -Mrs. -.Ramsdeii, and Messrs. G. F.\ Smith, B. T. Moroney, W. Staker and F. S. "Whitehead. Madame Vic- torine Pett presided at the piano, and Mr. , T. J. Lamhle officiated as musical director. . Miss . Rosina Carandini sang Ring on, Sweet Angelus, by. Gounod, very sweetly, and as an encore gave How to Ask and to Have, in a most effective .manner. In MolloyX Punchinello Mrs; Cutter .was most successful, and in response to an en core sang Rocked in the Cradle of - the Deep, Then and Now, by Louisa Gray, and Smile and Bid Me Live, were done full justice to by Mrs. 'Smythe. -As an encore she sang' Robin Adair. Mrs, . Ramsden rendered Molloy'sA : Little Mountain Lad to the satisfaction of the /audience. Mr. W/ Staker obtained un'cncori for the Anchor's Weighed, and gave Balfe's Pilgrim of Love. . - Thus goes the ' World Around was well sung " by Mr. Moroney ; arid . . Mr.f F. S. Wliitehead/Twho "has a pleasing baritone voice, gave Diehl's Song of Neptune with good - effect ; and for. Nina,, by Hobbs, Mr. G. F. Smith obtained the applause of' the audience; Love , and War, sung by Messrs. .Staker and Moroney, secured a repeat ; and Kucken's Barcarolle, rendered by Miss Rosina Carandini and Mrs. Cutter, was loudly ap plauded. Truhn's quartette The Three Chafers, was sung in good style by Messrs. Staker, Smith, Whitehead and Moroney, and had to be repeated. - Bishop's quintette, Blow, Gentle Gales, was effectively given by Miss Rosina Carandini,., Mrs. Cutter, and Messrs." Staker, Smith and Moroney. Mendelssohn's quartette, Farewell to the. Forest, was .sung by; Mrs. . Smytlre, Mrs. Ramsden, Mr. Smith and Mr. F. S. Whitehead ; and the duet, Home . to our Mountains, was sung f by Mrs. Ramsdeii and Mr. Smith. ; As a pianoforte solo, Madame Pett played De Sivrai's fantasia, Blair Athol, and succeeded in pleasing her hearers. A complimentary concert was given on Monr day evening ih the hall of the Germhn Turn Yerein, Latrobe-street east/ to Mr. William Wiesbaden, when a programme of vocal, and instrumental music was well carried" out. A very, successful concert in aid , of SS. Peter and Paul's schools ' was given on Thurs day/ in the) Academy of MuBic, Emerald-inll- The prooi-ariime given ".vas jsff! excellent ;on , .the performers including , the names of Made- . moiselle Charborinet, MisseB Lucinda Black- , ham, Alice Rees, and O'Brien, Mrs. -Luptbn, Messrs. Staker and Moroney/ and the Mel- ; bourne Liedertafel. The Carandinf concert at Ballarat on Tues- . day evening was a great success. The Aca demy of Music was filled. Madame; Tasca -received a perfect ovation, her performances . / being trebly encored. At fi, meeting of the members of the, Mel bourne Univei-sity, held on Sep. 11 at the Port Phillip! Club Hotel, it was proposed and carried unanimously/ " That arrangements he made to invite the .Sydney University , eleven over to ; Melbourne this season," and a ooinmittee of fi ve was chosen to make all arrangements for the Inter-University match. - ; The following gentlemen were elected as committeemen.:— . Messrs! H/Budd, W. H..Monle,.T. Horan, D- - .Wilfeip, T/' Riddell ; Mr. W. H. Moulo , ashoii. sec. - ' "" 