Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. I HAVE nothing to say to the opening ceremo nies, which were of the same recondite and solemn nature as usual. The Governor, supported on one side by the navy, on the other by the army, and encouraged by various miscel laneous officers, read the Speeofa with hia oooked hat on to a bevy of the beat>dreued ladies in Brisbane. There was an absence of froth about the Speech that appeared to me a little depres sing. It wemed too much of a matter* of-fact document to expect much excitement from, and when we of the Commons re-assembled in the afternoon to do battle over the Address in reply, there seemed but a poor promise of a good fight. The house was fairly f uIL It was noticed that Mr. Groom, who so ably assisted in turning out the last Ministry, had flitted over to their aide, but the Govern ment, with their large preponderance of mem bers, were able to regard the desertion with equanimity. After the formal business, which, consisted chiefly in certain inquisitive gentlemen wanting to know who had acquired any Govern ment plunder in the shape of fees during the recess, and a blushing reference from the Premier to matrimonial costs, which, in faoe of certain rumors, caused a good deal of merriment in the House, Mr. Weld- Blundell moved the Address in reply. This gentleman evidently has a good deal to say and a good way of saying it, and will probably shape into a good speaker and debater. The trying ordeal of the first speech was, in his case, much aggravated by the beha vior of thehon. andfestivememberfor Bundanba. This gentleman had evidently been privately celebrating the opening of Parliament, and had taken about one glass too little, as he was just able to articulate " Sit down I" " Order i" M Dry up I" which observations he kept launching on the stillness of the House. I have been a little puzzled about this gentleman's return, till a friend who nat next me explained th* matter. The Good Templar element is strong in the House—M'Lean. Rutledge, Meiion— but without a "horrible example" to point their discourse, they could hardly hope to win converts, so tkey succeeded in getting Hendren returned. Mr. Weld-Blundell thoughtthe speech a good one, and that local governing boards would increase the intelligence of the people. Mr. Hamilton seconded the address, and amongst other things said that as people in the intenpr had to subsist chiefly on food, he was glad the Government were going to insist on it being good. As regards criminals, there was no doubt this country had received some very undesirable importations, and there was a considerable section of the community with whom nothing was safe but "a circular saw in motion, and a red- hot stove." He thought the late Government largely implicated in the late drought, and that then* successors deserved every credit for having dispelled it At this all the Scotchmen on the Opposition side corn* menced making furious notes with a view to a rejoinder. Mr. Griffith then rose, and there was a little hush of anticipation, Ministers fidgeting uneasily in their seats. After explaining why he became leader of his side, he went on to assure the Ministers that they would get his assistance, and that he trusted he should be able to facilitate the business of the House and help the Premier to get through with it. There was a great sigh of relief from the Treasury benohes, and members' heads on that side nodded together in a way that let one know they were saying "By Jove, Griffith's not a bad sort after all" It was so evident that the lion and the lamb were going to lie down together during the session that for outsiders the prospect looked tame enough. Having put everyone in the most amiable temper, Sam coolly drew his rapier, and, using it rather in the form of an ox-goad, began pricking up the Ministers in a very lively and irritating manner. First, M'llwraith got it for his formation of a Ministry, in choosing two members outside the House ; then Macrossan on the subject of bis election, which it was insinuated was won by hocus-pocus; then M'llwraith and Palmer about the Queensland National Bank businesa; then Macrossan again for driving people out of the country, and objecting to the ballast, because they got licked at Northern Downs. Mr. Macrossan, he believed, went up to do a little electioneering, and brought back a gin case of gravel with him as a blind. All this time Macrossan was getting livid with rage, and it became pretty certain when his turn came there would be some fun—as indeed there was, but not yet. The Premier followed Griffith, and cleared up the charges against himself very satisfac torily. As an engineer, he waa pretty con temptuous of Mr. Griffith's opinion on professional matter, and explained how the late Minister for Works proposed innovations that were cribbed from a condemned scheme of Ballard'a published four years ago. Dicksou then went iuto figures, and explained that the loan—that we were all congratulating ourselves about a few weeks back—had been muddled, and £40,000 squaudored in consequence. The Colo nial Secretary thought Mr. Dickson had better keep out of figures. The only aptitude he had shown for finance was in the matter of emptying the Treasury. He (Mr. Palmer) was the beat judge as to whether he should hold the dual position of Minister and bank director, and, having given the matter his impartial con sideration, he had come to the conclusion that he was eminently fitted for each position. Bailey and Macfarlane (Ipswich) then had a say, when Grimes moved the adjournment, and after half an hour's wrangle over stopping so early, we broke up at 10 o'clock. That night Grimes must have passed a bad time, and as he lay revolving the speech he was going to disburden himself of the next day, it is probable in the still watches of the night the ghosts of murdered H.'s gathered round his couch to upbraid him. When he opened the debate the next day with an assurance that he wasn't going to trouble the 'ouse with any lengthy re- marks, there was much speculation as to whether he was going to be an improvement on his brother or not. By the time he had spoken for about an hour and a half there was a sorrowful conviction left on everybody's mind that, as a pure unadul terated bore, he was a good deal worse. The grinding of that arrowroot-mill seems to have been generally accepted by the family as the model and study for vocal imitation, and by the time one has gone through an hour and a half of it one feels capable of any crime. He informed the House that butter was 7d. a lb. and corn 2s. per bushel. It was a great relief when John Douglas got up and commenced in a genial and good-natured speech, attacking the Ministry. He understood the Government were going to borrow a lot of money, and wished to remind them that they couldn't do it without paying interest, which would have to come out of the territorial estate. He thought the general question of leases should be gone into, as nobody paid enough rent; and with regard to the Gov ernment account he warned Ministers that it was very dangerous to lend money to banks, because there was always a chance or not getting it back. His experience of banks was, they stuck to all they could get, and as it was quite oo the cards that they might bust up at any moment, thought it was better to in- Test Government money in consols and draw your dividends regularly. During Douglas* speech, which was earnest and sensible, there wm a constant chatter of chaff and merriment kept up in the back Government benches which con trasted very lamentably with the grave and courteous manner iuvariably assumed by that hon. gentleman when listening to an opponent'i ■peeoh. There seems a little olique of very young men indeed, if one may judge by their behavior, behind the Government, whose youthful levity much interferes with the dignity of serious debate. Exclamations, facetious interjections, and explosions of unmeaning laughter seem con sidered good form whenever an opponent speak*, and while listening to it one cannot escape the notion that Mr. ll'llwraith ought to be armed with a cane or birch, to keep order amongst hit owa followers. When Douglas had finished the fun of the evening commenced. Directly Maorossan began speaking there was no question about his intention of hitting out savagely, and with just a reference to the last speaker, be went straight for Griffith. He explained the cir cumstances of bis own election, and refused to be held accountable for his opponent's scfu^> neers getting drunk and having their faces smacked. Then he told an artful little story about the Townsville Railway, and how it had, been taken through a swamp liable to heavy inundation*. When a blunder had been made it was excusable to act as a policemen would after the committal of a crime and ask who could expect to profit by it Having with a well-told story led up to an excellent climax, the speaker pointed with withering effect across the House to wber* Griffith sat endeavoring to look unconscious, and denounced him as the individual who, as befog a part owner of the land, could look for a profit from the railway being taken through ty. Everybody fat that the irascible little gentle, man had rather floored his antagonist witfe his own weapons, and Sam is such » clever fellow that it is particularly delicious to see him successfully slated. Macrossan alas explained how Sam had given a man £&0 to mo^e off Government land, explaining to him at the same time that he had no claim for a sixpence, and the consequence was that a lot of other men on Government land at Townsville refused to budge off what they had no right to be on unleat compensated, so that he as their member moat incur the odium of kicking them oft* it. When Macrosian had finished Kingsford moved the adjournment to allow Griffith to explain that although the owner of the land through which the railway was surveyed, he hSI acquired his injwest in it long after the course of the ulo was settled. It was not k very happy way out of it, because there wsa no attempt to deny that he had mMc a speculative purchase, when Minister for Works, of land h|a Government would have'had to purchase if they built the railway as surveyed.. However., Macroesan allowed it to pass, feeling.in his secret soul that he had made his opponent sufficiently uncomfortable and sufficiently angry to satisfy bis own lacerated feelings. Mr. Kutledge then got up, and the very young members retired hastily, to show thoir contempt for his abili ties. A very contemptuous reference to one of the absentees, however, brought him back to sit, with heightened color and wild looks, chafing till his turn should come for blowing off steam. Rutledge is a born orator. When you read his speech the next morning it is disappoint* ing, but during its delivery he carries all before him. He went into the bank business again, and then was very sarcastic about the difficulty of choosing an Attorney-General from the five members of the profession who sat on the Govern* ment side, and the necessity for distributing a minister's salary amongst them in profes sional sops. It was rumored the Miois try had a big railway scheme, something of such a gigantio nature that he regretted they should keep it in their pocket. Why had they not the manliness to avow it ? Mr. Moreheaa, who was Bitntnering with ill-concealed wrath at having been ulluded to by the last speaker as a " slavish follower of the Government," began by twitting Hutledge with having been a parson, which ho rather lamely attempted to emphasise by paraphrasing Wolsey'H speech about serving hia God and his king. Having got rid of this amount of choler, he relapsed into common-sense, and made, as he often does, a sensible speech. Pring bad been hurt by Rutledge's use of the word " sop," and so got up and pitched into Griffith in a manner worthy of his palmy days ; and when he had finished Stubley made a rambling com plaint that the Government had not supplied all goldfields with diamond drills. His notions on the land question are not generally advocated out of Woogaroo, though one can imagine an in curable of that establishment proposing that everyone should be allowed to take up as much land as he likes from 500 to 100,000 acres. Mr. M'Loan moved the adjournment, and at half* pant 11 we wont off to supper. 