LOCAL iNEWS WoSloiiKoiiK Quarter Sessions. Tiiuusday, Octoiibu 23. (Before his Honor Judge M'Farland.) Mr. Healy prosecuted for tho Crown, and Mr. Eraser olliciabed in his capacity as Clerk of tho Peace. ' M ichael M'Connell, who appeared charged with having violently assaulted Robert James, pleadod guilty to having struck prosocutor with a stick. Tho following jury was sworn : — John Bright, Thomas Jenkins. Alexander Stewart, Edward Jarrett, Charles Pope, James Maber, Michael M'Donagh, Patrick Haiinon, Andrew llord, .lames Farraher, W. L. Musgrave, John Bovard (foreman). The Crown Prosecutor having stated the ease called llobjrt James, who deposed to the following efl'cct He said ho was at work at Spring-hlill on the 13th August ; his boy Henry, young Rixon., and prisoner were .with him ; at tea time he was in the kitchen, anrlCprisoner and Rixon camo in there and commenced wrestling, they got in a scot and pulled each other about ; he told them to be quiet, saying they ought to be ashamed of themselves ; prisoner said he would not sit down, and that 1 could not put him down ; ho then came round and knocked against me ; 1 caught him by the coat, and he then told mo to keep my hands oil' him, else he would knock my brains out, ho picked up a round stick about an inch and a half through, and hit mo across the hand with it; I got holdof the stick and it broke between us, 1 having half of it in my hand ; he then caught a spado used as a lire shovel ; he aimed a blow at my head with it ; seeing him raise it, I put up my baud,- I was then struck on the head and knocked down in sensiblo ; I was struck on the forehead ; don't know how long 1 was insensible ; I bled enisider ably ; my son was there, I don't remember actually getting up, brrt remember holding on to the door after getting np, my head was then bleed ing; 1 had been driifklng Honor but was qui be . sober-; I got on my hoi'su and rode in to give lu formation . to the sefguaiib ; thai wits about 10 o'clock a« night ; pribouor Ilud lutd -s-itiothin|j to drink, but wussuber.; we wore at wwrlf all d*y ; did hot tAirooteu the prisonei that evening ; dlfl net -raise a s4ick at him. By prisoner : 1 did not strike you wlion you were sitting on the stool ; did not shove you against the window breaking two panes of glass ; did not pull you and Rixun iusidw ; did not strike you, nor do more than catch yon by the coat ; did not ontch you for iiixon to hit you ; did not tear your coat- as shown by the one produced by you ; all the drink I had tfiab i.lrrv was a glass of ale i« the morning and two nobblers of brandy, cine at 5 o'clock and tlio other at 7 ; I had a glass of ale at Clarke's on my wag' to work ; did not send Rixon for rum in the course of tho day ; I took half a pint of nun to Mrs. Rixon; did not try to make you drink rum in the uotirso of tho clay ; remember getting on a horso t-o go to the Sergeant, and my head striking a cloth«s-llne. Dr. Lyons deposed to having examined the prosecu tor on tho occasion referred to, finding an incised slightly curved wound, extending to the bono, and of about an inch long, on the fore-head ; all wounds about the head were slightly dangerous ; the spade pn5cluced would produce the wound, but not an ordinary stick. Ilenr.y James (a boy) said he was sou of prose cutor, md was present when prisonor and Rixon were wrestling. (He then corroborated in tho main the evidence of his father as to how the assault had been committed.) His father lay down about live minutes after being struck with tho spado ; prisoner had the spade still in his hand, and he (witness) took hold of it; prisoner would not lei it go, however ; liixon then camo in and took the spado from both of them ; his father was still lying on the ground ; there was no light in the kitchen when the assault was committed ; there was a fire there, however, and by the light of that he saw prisoner strike the blow with the spade. ' By prisoner : I remember my father going into Clarke's on the way to work ; he did not send mo for half a pint of rum ; don't know whether ho had a round bottle with him ; ho did not strike you against tho window and break it. Alfred Rixou deposed to tho wrestling between himself and prisoner having taken place ; in the course of it prosecutor told prisoner to be quiet ; prisoner said something ju reply, which he did not hear; prosecutor then struck him, Henry James and Mrs. Rixon being present ; prisoner and I then .wont outside, and prosecutor followed us, and took hold of one of us in' each hand ; prose cutor then held prisoner on a stool ; prisoner immediately afterwards pulled away and Struck prosecutor with a slick with. his loft hand causing blood to flow ; did not see prosecutor struck with a 3pado ; 1 was out for a camilo, however, for a short time ; prosecutor told mo that prisoner had hit him ; I was not drunk ; prosecutor was pulled bodily oil' the horse with the clotheB line after he started to go to tho Sergeant. By prisonor : Prosecutor sent his son to town for liquor, bat 1 don't know how mhcli ; bo also went to town about 5 o'clock ami brought a round bottle of grog witli him ; he was not very sobor when ho commenced to row ; I did not see him lying .vjown insensible, but he might have beon iusonsiblo standing up ; 1 had no drink on that day ; I did not take the spado from both prisoner and prosecutor ; if any person has said so it is untrue. Prosaeutor, recalled, said nearly the whole of tho last witness's statement was untrue, and that he (the said witness) had had a nobbier of rum that day. Senior-sorgoant Ford deposed that James was lightly under thu Influeypo of liquor when lie neported tlio inattvr ; on being charged witli IJie ollence nrisoher aaiii ha had stmck prosocutor with a *tielc, as he ifa 8 ' mauling' him about ; ho was sober. Mrs. Rixon said she had sent the prosecutor's boy for rum on the day in question ; she was pre sent at the wrestling, and saw prosecutor strike tho prisoner ; she walked outside when that took place ; after she won* out tho two lads that were \westliir; came out also, and prosecutor followed them, and pulled them in again. Hi's Honor then summed up, and tho jury hav ing retired from half- past 12 o'clock until half prif* 0, and boing unable to lurree to a verdict, his Honor discharged them, and ordered the prisoner to be released' ou his own recognizance iu tho amount of £40 to appear whenever called upon to do so. James Alcorn, for accepting £7 in chango for a £1 cheque, in the City Bank, Kiama, was found guilty and sentenced to two years' imprisonment. At half-past (i o'clock tho Court was adjourned until to day. at 10 o'clock, when .tlio following four eases aro for trial -.—Thomas Jamison, for horso stealing ; Frank Sands, for not assisting a a policeman when called on in the Queen's name to do so ; and Theodoro Bode and James Ander son for assault. Tnu Exinnn'ioir.--Tho Exhibition authorities have unanimously and very propnrly rofused to open tho Garden Palaco to tho public either at ni'dit or on Sundays. It is to be kept open as lato in'the day, however, as the daylight will admit throughout Hie summer. , 4T ' i Tin-; R^ceiioiise Bhaidwood. — This valuable horse, in being shipped ou board tho lllawarra, on [ Monday last, had a harrow escape of going over the gangway into the Basin. Something having caused him to sliie and lurch against tho frail side, of tlio staging, he would have gone over for a certainty had not Senior-Segeant Ford and ono or two others assisted in the nick of time to prevent it by soixing the animal's tail. This is a striking proof of tho necessity for a suitable gangway for the shipping of stock at our wharf, as wo have so frequently pointed out. I'll Allan a rass. — Somo twelve months ago, .a special commissioner from the ' Melbourne Leader' oflico visited Illawana among other districts ill this colony, and in doing so reported at considerable length on what he saw and learned on Mr. Hdward Gibson's Farm, at Sunnybank, Dapto. Had that reporter deferred his visit until the present time, I he would have had other items of interest to .announce to the readers of tho 'Loader.' Mr. Gibson informs us that somo prairie grass on his farm has reached the gigantic height of six feet, and that some of the same grass has boon mowed by him twelve times within tho last year. Ammjtation in the Hospital. — It will bo remembered by many of our readers that Mr. J. M'Gall, of Macquario River, injured one of his logs, about two months ago, to such an extent that his medical attendant (Dr. Thomas) advised amputation. To this Mr. M'Gall objected, fre quently remarking that ho would ' take the leg to tho gravo with liiin.' Aftor suffering sovoroly, however, the patient at last consented to the advice being carried out, and accordingly Dr. Thomas, with tho assistance of Dr. Lyons, early this week, cut off tho injured limb a few inches under tho knee. Thu patient stood tho operation well, and is since then progressing favorably. | Mr. M'Gall has been a subscribing inmate of the Hospital sinco ho sustained his accident, with the exception of a few days. Fisher's Ghost Reproduced. — Professor Pep per introduced a remarkable novelty ou Monday evening, at tho School of Arts. He gave a brief account of tho circumstances attending tho well known story of Fisher's ghost, and afterwards, whou tho curtain rose, there appeared before tho spectators a fence with some shrubbery. Slowly j a figure appeared, seated upon the top rail, with a ghastly wound upon his brow. Weir, tbo person who (according to tho story) was the first person to see the ghost, then appeared on the sceno, and addresaod the figure, which, on being approached, faded away, then re-appeared, and the light was distinctly visible shining through the body. The illusion was most cleverly managed, and evoked continued applause. — ' Evening News.' Beiikijia Coal MininO. — A prospectus of tho Borrima Coal Mining and Railway Company for tho purpose of mining for coal on Mr. J. O. Atkinson's land, and for constructing a railway from- the mine to ilhe Great Southern Railway, at or noar Moss Vale has been issued. The seam to bo worked is about 8 miles from the Great Southern line ; and it is proposed to curry the i coal npon a narrow-gango railway, with a light ; class of engines for tho traction. It is said that 1 the Goal is of good -quality, that it can be easily worked, and that it can be delivered at the main railway at a price that will enable it to command the entire Southern trade; so that tho promoters expect to see the whole capital invested returned to tho shareholders in the course of two or three years. — ' Herald.' Mil. H. E. Conr.x, M.P. — Mr. Cohon, the member for West Maitland, addressed his constitu ents on Tuesday night. According to the ' Herald's' telegram, tho assemblage numbered about 250 'persons, presided over by Mr. John Leo, J.P., who briefly introduced Mr. Cohen. Mr. Cohen, after a few preparatory remarks, at once proceeded to deal with the Education question, pointing out that his views had remained unchanged sinco ho first sought election, and that his vote oil any proposed alteration sinco then had been consis tently given. His support wwiild only be accorded to a seeular system of education, and he would support any measure abolishing State-aid to all Denominational Schools, after due notice, to bo fixed by law had been given. Ho criticised the action of- tho present Government with regard to nuances, showmg'that they had usurped the finan cial policy of their predecessors, which they pre viously condemned. He afli: nied that through wanton expenditure there would be a deficiency in the present year's revenue of £500,000, which must be met by drawing upon the accumulated surplus, or resorting to increased taxation. 11\. M. Sowoomeu Renakd at New Britain. — By H.M.S. Danao we have late news from Now Britain, from which it appears that tho native chief, Tarlilly, who was one of the leaders in the massacre of tho Rov. George Brown's teachers, has again become hestilo to British and mission interests. Ho recently burned down a large mis sion house ou the island. H.M. schooner Retiard, which was at the Dnlco of York Island, proceeded down tho coast to Tarlilly's village, and requested him to come forward and give an explanation of his misconduct. He, however, refused to do so, and tho Renard thereupon landed an armed party, consisting of two fully armed boats, one boat with a rocket apparatus, which was discharged into tho villago. Two houses were burned down, and., some of the plantations destroyed. During the visit of tho Renard, the German trading steamer Alice sold tho natives some Snider rifles and ammunition to tight tho English boats' crows. Tho uatives met with were very insolont to tho Renard party, and tho chief sent a challenge to fight them. Tho locality at tho time was tho scene of a human feast, and tho newly-pickod human bones wore thick about I ho place. — 'Herald.' 'Physician. Ii-eal thyself,' exclaimed the apostle, and tho laconic exhortation applies to mankind, thomsolvos their own, best, and truest .physicians, if they turn .JlQt a deaf ear to the ' wisdom' that 'crioth without' and ' uttoreth her voice in tho street.' This wisdom toacheth that tliero is a certain ' balm in Gilead.' and that balm is to bo found in tho lomedios that have beon known to effect positive and radical cures ; such, for instance, as Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps, coming to us, as it does, crowned with the sanction of years of experiment, trial, and use. Floiiiline ! — Foil tiie Teeth and Bueatii. — A fow drops of the liquid ' Floriline' sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses tho teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to tho tooth a peculiar pearly wliitenoss, and a delightful fragrance to tho breath It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacoo smoko. ' Tho Fragrant Florilino,' being composed in part of Honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to tho tasto, and tho greatest toilet discovery of tho age. Prico 2s Ud, of all Chemists and Perfumers. Prepared by U jury C. Gallup. 493 Oxford-street, London Tijroat Apfections and Hoarseness. — All suf fering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness -will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afl'ordud by the use of ' Brown's Bronchial Troches.' These famous 'lozenges' aro now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is lid per box. People troubled with a ' hacking cough.' a 'slight cold,' or bronchial ali'eetions, can not try them too soon, as similar troubles if allowed to progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asth matic affcctious. See that the words 'Brown's Bronchial Troches' are on the Government stamp around each box. — Manufactured by Joiln* 1. Brown & Sons, Boston, United States. Depot, 493 Oxford street London. Anvr. Dew or tub Alps. — Tho world outside of Europe having discovered that this palatable tonic liqueur is the finest iuvigorant extant, the demand for it in the West Indies, South America and Australia has literally become enormous. It is strange for hundreds of years so wonderful an appetizer and stomachic should have been com paratively unknown beyond tho Swiss frontiers, and the thanks of millions aro duo to Messrs. M. Mos3 and Co., tho well known importers lor having introduced it. Tho shipments to Austra lia during tho past year have boon so largo as to warrant tho belief that ' Dew of the Alps' will eventually supersede most of tho other advertised tonics now in use. — Adv. 