RAVENSWOOD. I FROM OUR 'OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Septomber 30. This field appears to ho steadily forging ahead, so far oa material prosperity is concerned. Tho usual amount of fossicking is still being carried on, bnt in a fow olaims a more Byste. matic and pormancnt attempt is being mado to develop tho resources of the ground. For instance, there ' are tho Saratoga, Shillnmalleer, Blackjack, Welcome, La Porouao, and John Bull, all having a go . at tho , ' water.' Tho Shillanialleor and Blackjack havo put through crusaings 01 mundic etono already from the deep ground, but the result is not yet known. It takes rather longer to treat mandic than the usual red stone. With the latter tho yield can be fixed within a few ounces as soon as tho battery is cleaned up, hut it is quite the reverse with our mundic Btone, as no attempt is mado to save the gold as it passes undor tho stampers and over the tableB. The sand runs directly into tho hnddle, where it is concertrated, afterwards roasted, then ground, which process is final. In ordinary crushing, miners of experience acoiistomed to the crushing mills can form a pretty accurate estimate of now their Btone will ' shape ' whilst it is being put throuph. But in mundic crushings, you will perceive from what I have said, that tho yield cannot he fixed until the Wheeler's pans are cleaned out. On the John Ball a vei/ bravo endeavour to de velops tho reef is being made. This reef is very large, and right in the hank of Sandy Creek. Several crnehings have been carted into Ravenswood, all of which paid handsomely. Of course, from tho situa tion of the claim, water was soon anticipated as an obstacle. Tho shareholders, therefore, decided on ereoting a complete plant, as an engine for the water was absolutely neoeBsary. A stronger battery will therefore he put up, so that the crushing, winding, and pumping will be all done by one engine. In the vicinity of 8andy Creek there aro many likely- looking shows. The Politician still appears to keep up its high average of 7 or 8 ounces to tho ton. Some time back the Morning Star at tho Kirk, along with the accompanying crushing plant, was let on tribute to Mr. Haylea, a local publican and storekeeper. Mr. Haylos at once knocked out a payable crushing or two, but soon found ont that a hnddle to concentrate the mundic sand, nnd thuB save such an immense amount of grinding, was an essential requisite. This npplianco has now beon erected. Until a fnrnaoe can he built, it is intended to cart the concentrated sand into Ravonswood to undergo tho roasting operation. ? The RavenBwood mining journal quietly gave up the ghost a few weeks hack. It is to bo resurrected though, I hear. Somebody must have newspaper on the brain. Tho local hospital has been re-opened, and several cases have already recoived its benefits. Dr. Comyn having left the field, Hr. Bcet, chemist, is at present attending the patients. A doctor is being advertised for at a salary of £150 a year. A good doctor would by private practice fetch his incomo up to £600 a year. Previous doctora have made fur moro than that. Tho population here greatly consists of married people with largo families. The Church of England is being removed and rebuilt. At present the Court House is made use of for the services. A man named Bourke, camping out at Sandy Creek, attempted to commit Buicido a fow days ago whilst suffering from delirium tremens. Ho wns brought in here and plaoed in the hospital. The gash tho man made in his throat was not dangerous. 