Brisbane. [FHOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] THE second session of the eighth Parliament if Queensland opened itself loan interested crowd of politicians and the Brisbane public on Tuesday. Your readers will probably have the speech in cxtensn before them, and will doubt- - less agree with theopiniou prevalent in Hiia. baoe that it is a satisfactory, and in its cavetul avoMance or unpleasant subjects, a clear one. Quidnunc* prophesii d additional dire t taxa tion through the customs, and scarcely a business house in Brisbane neglected -o lay a few pounds out in duties or dutiable goods, in the fu 1 beli- f that bread so cast upon the waters would speedily return to them with much profit. However, this lit- le mode of tur ing an h mest penny proved futile tlm time, for the speech biiefly announces that 'by adopting a system of economy and retrcn^hracut, addi tional tnxa, ion per customs w 11 be ui. necessary.' There is more joy, I may say, over this one little para, raph, than overall the rest of the speech put toge her. But, apart from the question of revenue, it has long been patent to everybody that the existing tariff requires re adjustment on an equitable basis, and it is sine, rely hoped that the Government will re consider their expressed intention of doing nothing.; and wil take advantage of the oppor tunity afforded by the produ-tion of the fiuancinl statement, to revise the tariff, and while givin ? tbe revenue a i tie assistance, make the alterations whii'h the exigencies of the - hanged state of trade demand. The elements conspired to confuse everything during the last week. South-easterly gales, with heavy rain, resulted in an almost, total suspension oE trade and traffic. During oue night aboul five? inches of rain fell in Brishane, aud amongst other damage, washed away a portion of the railway embankment at Red bank. It is a peculiar feature in Mr. Herbert's railway management, that when a dozen yards of the track suffers temporary damage, the whole of the line on either side of it is closed. Thus, on the morning after the heavy rain and land-slip referred to, the suburban railway iralfic censed in consequence of an accident to the embankment tweuty miles away, and the large number of city men who roost at Too woong, Iudooroopiily, and Milton were con strained to walk to towu or stay at home. In whatever part of the business portion of Brisbane you roam you arc beset bylnsurauce ofEccs. and not offices in the usual sense of the term, quiet little rooms 12 x 12. but gorgeous f.ve-storicd palaccs, with unlimited stucco and gilt letters on their faces. We are daily adding to the list of insurance bodies, fire, marine, life, 'and what not — oven ''accidents' and plate-glass ' are in the running. The leading life iusurauce company — the Australian Mutual Provident — have this week removed their busi ness to a haudsotne three-storey buildiug, erected expressly for them, one allotment from the junction of Queen and Albert Street. True to its Svduey instinct, the stone for the front of the building has been imported in huge blocks froiu Sydney quarries : and very fine looking stone it is. too. The internal fittings are on a scale of much spleudor. and will doubtless bring an increase of business, aud augnieut the bonuses to policy-holders. The old premises iu Queen-street were eagerly snapped up by another company, who will doubtless amass premiums theic, aud also build gorgeous oftices for tbemselv.rs, then make way for auotber company, and so on ad infinitum.. While on the subject of buildings, it may be mentioned another project for a new theatre is put for!)] by Mr. Arthur Martin ; and also that the old School of Arts buildings, in Queen street, are soon to be pulled down to make room for the new Queensland National Bank, which, report says, is to be a genuine stunner. It is perhaps right that the bank which has the Government account should have a superior suite of apartmeuts to keep it iu. While I write, the Supreme Court Criminal Sittings are being hold in the New Law Courts. Some of our reccut visitors from New Caledonia over whom we shed much sympathy and some coin, and did also worship as heroes, appear in the dock charged with burgling and robbing a clergyman. Two of the number were sentenced to three years imprisoumcnt, and the third dis charged. It. is unfortunate that the law does not enable the judge to deport them to their former haunts about. Noumea. Racing men are waking up for the season. The ball opens at Toowoomba on Friday. Our local hotels resound with cries of the odds on the doubles. A few Sydney horses have ar rived, aud during the week we may expect the ' ring,' and probably their ht'te no the newly-discovered totalisator, which, by virtue of its novelty, will probably do most of the betting at the ensuing meets. Iu umusenients, we have a variety entertain ment. called ??Car ton's Ghost/' an indifferent imitation of Pepper's Polytechnic spectre. Those of us who appreciate healthy exercise on n cold evening go to the big room of the Town Hall, and rink ((y„ skate) under the auspices ot Pro lessor Taylor, a champion rinkist. On Friday the over-l're^h Oarandiui family give a concert in the theatre. Madame C. is at the head of the programme as usual, and report suvs idle maintains her tunefulness, and Walter Slienviu is also th-'-c as per usual, but it ap pears there aie a fresh set of Misses Caran dinis this time. The colonics are prolific in young lady Cavaudinifi. No matter with what celerity we gel these yonng ladies married and banished from tbe platform, others spring up to till their places aud charm sympathetic ears with tuneful melody. Next week the famed Kelly and Leon minstrels open at the theatre. This talented troupe is familiarly known as the *? Kelly gang,' and their advent here will doubt less scare timid women who don't inquire too clos'-ly into such matters. Perhaps it is rather sinful to glide from the Bubject of theatrical amusements to religions squabbles, and in this instance it is certainly ret regressive, for the religious squabble is now a thing of the past. Iu some former letters I referred to a hard-hitting correspondence iu the^ our'u.-r between the Reverends M'Cullocb, M'S.vaiue, aud Mitchell, all Presbyterians, 'J be. subject of it all was ihe Dhinity Hull at tached to Rev. M'Culloch's church, which was suppotted by special donations made anony mously to Mr. M'Culloch as trustee, under eertain conditions. The Prosbyterians held their general assembly last week, and its sittings wore cro vded, for a lively and wordy warfare was cxp 'ct.od. Nor were the ex pectant ones disappointed, for they were enabled to witness very sanguinary onslaughts M*t3ulloch made at intervals during tho sittings, between which, however, the same voices breathed forth brotherly love and christian forgiveness by the yard, aud with an unction -bat spoke volumes for the histrionic ability aud versatility of the performers. A recent telegram in the Sydney Morning Herald, stated that the yield of sugar in tho Logan district during the past season totted up la.UOO tons. There is evideutly -a mistake of a cypher. The returns show an aggregate of between fourteen and fifteen hundred tons, and it is not likely that the yield will be ex ceeded next, season. Our planters have learnt to fear frosts, and most of the Moreton mill owucrsare holding themselves in readiness to start crushing directly the thermometer tells them. It is probable, therefore, that next month will witness the opening of the season. Meantime, good sugars are very scarce, and one giocois can obtaiu nothing of local growth fati... table use. Were it not for your Yengarie fac tory we should fall victims to the rapacity o£ our southern refiners. Bi i.-hane. May 13. 