BTJKEA ATHUETIO SPORTS. j.nese sports came oif on Monday on tee Racecourse at Copperliouse. A steady soaking rain fell in the morning, bnt it cleared off before ; 10 o'clock, and the day subsequently was windy, ■bat sufficiently favourable for the occasion,' although the visitors were fewer thanwould have ■ turned out on a thoroughly fine day. . Hundred Yards Maidens (members only)—£1 Is., J A. Lott; 5s., J. Moore. ' Running High Jump— £1 Is., G. Camp. Hundred Yards Handicap— £1 la, 21s., J. Moore, 7 yards; 7s. 6d-, A. Lott, 7 yards. One Hundred and Fifty Yards Maiden Hurdles—Gold studs, J. Hosking; 7a 6d., A. Lott. One Hundred and Fifty Yards Champion (members only)—Trophy, T. Corey. Mile Handicap—Silver tea-service, T. Skewes, 60'yards; 10s. 6d., T. Eabbich, scratch—six-started. Two Hundred and Twenty Yards Handicap (members only) — £5 Sa, W. Watson, scratch; 10a 6d.,- J. Moore,-13 yards.—six entries. "Mile, talking Match—Bag-of flour, J. Anderson— ' three entriea Four Hundred and Forty Yards Handi cap—Istj'T. Corey, scratch; 2nd, J. Moore, lSyda In-this r&cfe; Corey and Moore ran s dead heat for first {dace. In running off the tie it was said to be; the. rule jthat the start'should be from scratch for both. IF ; this is the role it appears a very unjust one, as' if the parties were properly handicapped for the first time the inferior man would not have the ghost of a chance Jin runningoff. This jawed to be the WHO, Corey . winning easily. Tag at wax, Mtitimtlhi »nd wfaeet ! wrlghts sgsinst all conmHB Ss., allcomers;. Two * Haadttd tnd flftf jarii JunuHrf. hmdiM—yrittng; desk A. lottj'iCiwdi; IDs. G. CaiqvwtitdL Bop-' step- and-jump—Sis., G. Camp'. Pottingshot—21s., Foreman.1 One hundred yards handicap (boys under 10)—7s. ci, Wade; 2s.«d.f Wilson. Ten entries. One hundred yards: (boys under sixteen)—Silver vetch Xontit Ten entries. The sports were only -just concluded when there was such a storm of wind mid rain as is 'seldom seen. The rain was like a waterspout, and jihe wind so powerful that roofs' were, torn off and carried many yards away, walls blown down, and galvanized Iron twisted in all directions. No serious accident to life took place, bnt a great deal of injury Wan, done to property, and the cases are so many that it is almost impossible to record them. 