THE BURIED BUNGALOW. " What can this mean asked I, reining up my horse close to the dense milkthorn Hedge that shut in Mr. Warren's pretty huuse, and its garden gay with flowers, troin the tea-plan uiuuiis, xtie green valley, the upland pastures, aud the dazzling peaks of tue Himalayas soariug overhead. here, on a fragment of rock, stood tne well-known tail form of the planter himself, angrily controntmg a motley mob of natives, some tawny, otuers yellow-skinned, and a few nearly black, -hese, although they had flung aside hoe and spade, I knew, to be the coo aes employed at the prosperous hill station where sucu a scene of confusion had been hitherto unknown. 44 Tne scoundrels are going to leave me, that's all !" sain Mr. Warren curtly ; and at -that instant there stepped forward in advance of the rest a gauut Tibetan, clad in sheepskins, who ceremoniously and with perfect gravity placed on tne ground a lragmeut of wueau-.ii cake, a handle! of salt and a lot or rass drinking cup nearly filled with coins, from silver rupees to copper pice. Then pointing with a peeled willow wand that he held in his hand to the food and the money thrice, he snapped in twain the slender stick, and with bent head and downcast mien stood motionless, as though waiting to be questioned. " Wnat mummery is this ?" asked I in an undertone. My intended lather-in law, wno knew the people and the country better than I did, shook uis head. "It means mischief," he whispered. "Something has terrified the superstitious curs, and see ! they renounce my hread and salt, return he advance of wages, and break tue wand, in token tnat tuey are my men no more. — You mean," he added harshly, in the Bengali dialect, -'to desert me, then, Ban Gorain?" "The Sahib Warren is a good master," replied tbe - ibetan in the same language. " if we go, it is because the evil eye has looked upon his threshold, and the voice that ne er lies has laid a curse on Yirmi 8ou and all that dwell there." The man spoke slowly and with some difficulty, snch as besets those who use a foreign tongue imperfectly mastered ; but he nad uttered his brief speech with emphasis, and with a certain dignity of bearing. Behind him stood the Tibetans aud hill men, sturdy leilows, on whom devolved the -rough work of trenching and dyke building, while a little way olf. clustered the dusky coolies from India proper, their lips tightened over their aliining teeth, and in attitudes expressive of the most abject servility. Clearly there was' no stimulus short of physical fear which would have nerved these crouching creatures to disobey the Bureah Sahib, or owner of the plantation, whose lightest words had been law to his meek subordinates. " If the Sahib will hearken to the counsel of the poor," said the spokesman after a fause, "he and his will hasten away, afore " But here Mr. Warren lost patience, and interrupted the orator, roundly rebuking the whole gang as a pack of craven hounds, frighteued at tneir own shadows, and without a spark of manliness to redeem them. Were it worth while, tie said, he could gallop over to the nearest magistrate and enforce the performance of the contract under pain of Hogging and imprisonment ; bnt he wanted no li all-hearts in his service, so they might go. " You hear me " he thundered, silencing Han Gorain's fresh effort to speak ; and the men slunk away, cowed, as Orientals usually are, by this undoubting assertionof authority. The planter recovered his temper as soon as the recusants had departed, and laid his broad hand on my shoulder, saying, with a jolly laugh. " A. lesson, George, my hoy, as to the thorns that will lie in your path when you and Edith live here in my stead, as I hope you'll do, after tbe gathering of the next tea-crop, and set-to to leather your nest as her motuer and I have done, t thought better things, too, of the overseer — that Ban Gorain, who, before some heathen bogie scared him, was a shrewd and reliable servant. But never mind ! Come in, Mnsgrave, come u ! ihe parson from Fynee X'al is here dready, and yon must help the bride expectant to entertain him until dinner time." Pretty Edith, who was on the morrow to become my wife, smiled away any uncom fortable feelings which the conduct of Han Gorain and his companions had left behind ; and neither she nor her parents, nor Mr. Edwards, tbe clergyman, who had come over expressly to perform the marriage ceremony, seemed to attach any importance to the panic among the coolies. " It was something," explained Mr. Warren, " about Alp Dagh, the Big Mountain, at the foot of which we live, . but 1 have been a planter here too long to care for the tattle of coolies. They are like children who talk of the nnrsery ghost until they see it in every dark corner. A delightful life i should Uave led here, had I been credulous." And with that he dismissed the subject, and the evening passed genially enough. Inter on, however, after the whispered farewell to my sweet Edith in the porch, draped with the glistening leaves and big white blossoms of the Tmhan creeper, after the ride home to my own dwelling among the mils, and when my head rested ou its pillow, a vague sense of insecurity beset me afresh-; and even when i fell asleep my dreams were cronbled and sad, not Such as should visit the slumbers of one on whom the world smiled as it did on me, George Musgrave. The dawning of the new day — my wending day— however, chased away tne clouds from my mind, and when I mounted my horse tu line to Yirmi Son, attired as a bridegroom sliuuld be, my heart was light and mil of happy hope. Edith loved me better than I deserved, I knew tnat ; and it was uer father's intention to establish the young people on his own fine plantation, wuile he aud Airs. Warren returned to England to enjoy their well -earned com petency. The day was fine —no rarity in the East — but a so,t of silvery liaze hung over tbe peaks northwards, aud tiiere was frequent ice-cold wind rushing down from gap aud pass in the rocky rauge chat forms tue boundary of India, i rone ou, and presently, from au angle in the mountain road, I caught a glimpse ut tne ' Twenty Bprings," as Mr Warren's thriving station was called, with its gardens ana meadows, and the now deserted plantation, aud the empty huts of the coolies. Theu 1 turned the corner aud saw it no more, but even as it vanisued from my eyes I heard a strange, deep sound like that of distant tnuuder, tne nature of which I could nut divine. My horse suddenly snorted aud reared, ana then stood trembling, and could scarcely be urged forward. Wuile I was ui tue act of stooping forward to pat tne Arab's glossy neck, speaking suotningty tu mm the Willie, tnere broke upon my ear a sullen roar, louder, nearer, at eacu in, taut, aud culminating in a crasn so dreadful tuat tue sunultaueuus discuarge of a tnousaud cannon wonld have seemed puny when compared witn it. Deafened, dizzy, and confused, I dismounted iroui my friuteiied horse, now wholly unmanageable, and hurried on foot to a spot wueuce, as 1 remembered, Edith's home was in sight. The air was thick with dust and witnered leaves, but as tne prospect grew clear 1 could see no trace of tne bungalow, of its homestead and gardens, or oi the thriving tea plantations and verdant meadows arouud it. Vainly did it strain my eyes to catch one well known feature of the familiar scene. Nothing was visible save a dreary waste of stones, mud, and rocks tilling Up half the valley, and above wnich bung a cloud of tawny dust that was slowly sub siding. As I stood stupidly gazing on the scene of ruin, I caught sight of a man bareheaded, and with a scared white face. 1 knew him. It was the young clergyman who had come over from Nynee 1 al to perform the marriage ceremony between Editn and me. "Mr. Edwards!" 1 said inquiringly as 1 n eared bim. He caught my hand, covered his face, and burst into tears. Then for the first time 1 realized what fear was. " For pity's sake, tell me all !" cried I hoarsely. '- is Miss Warren— is Edith safe ? What lias " " Of all beneath that roof — the roof of Mr. Warren's hospitable house — 1 alone am spared," answered the clergyman in broken accents; "Death, the grim mower, has garnered in his harvest there." Tne cause of the disaster was but too evident. A stone avalsnche. or miraint as it is called in Switzerland, had rushed down from the ""S'-Med heights of the huge mountain towering above Yirmi Sou aud had overwhelmed au beneath it. " 1 caught a glimpse of Miss Warren in the garden, as the stouy flood burst on us with deaiemng roar," said tbe clergyman as he grew calmer ; ' it may be that God's mercy lias spared her life too." And indeed I have much to be thankful for, since my dear Edith was fonud, fainting but unhurt, at tbe foot of a tall cedar, tbe only tree left standing, wedged in between lalien rocks. But the other inmates of the house had perished, nor were even then- bodies ever extricated from the mi hty mausoleum which Nature's own hand had piled abjve them. Edith and I have been married these five years, but our home is in England not in 1 - aud sometimes, when 1 see a shad w come across my wife's fan- face, I know that she is thinking of those who sleep below tbe cruel stones at Yirmi Sou. 