THE CBXMJCtX. SOCnSTT. . Great advances have been made in the investigation of explosives. The President, Dr. ? , explained apeeuliaritythat married men were more frequently blown up than single ones. Professor ? produced a bladder containing some of the gas col lected in the Council Chamber last session. Hie said there was nothine very important in it ; but by spectrum analysis he was able to distinguish the shadow of an entirely new Constitution. He also presented to the Museum of the Society a number of bottles of effluvia tak@n from different parts of the city. These were tested by members, and each locality could be readily distinguished. The talented gentleman explained, that why he had not submitted them to the City Council was because he knew they could not smell. ECKXLOGICAL AND ACCLIMATISATION SOCIETY. The Secretary brought to the last meeting and exhibited the tail of a naja tripudains, or Cobra di Capello, he had received from India. It protruded from a small flat wicker basket, which was marked in native charactere, as explained by him, ' deadly.' He submitted that some member should take charge of the tail while the lid of the basket was removed. The President thought it might be charmed, as described, by a pipe. All the members then took theirs oat, but apparently without the desired effect. It was then proposed to be let loose in the Government Garden. Resolution acted on. A member showed an interesting piece of scull, and clearly proved it was that of a boat, and not of a man. There was some little discussion upon bumps, in which all the members joined, having previously had their heads shaved and labelled in the usual phre nological manner. Self -esteem was very marked in several members who were M.P.'s. The President ruled that ' cheek ' was not a bump, although so many he had observed possessed it. TEE GEOGBAPHICAL SOCIETY. The Suvr. G. explained the operation of laying down the true boundary line of the colony in the Indian Ocean, that after putting in the N.W. angle post, in Ion. 129 E., and lat. 3344 S., no difficulty had been experienced in stretching it. The gold medal of the Society was awarded to several gentlemen (old colonists) who showed that Perth was the centre of Creation. The demonstration of this fact was particularly interesting'. One member, who has a brother in Borneo, presented the Society with the pivot upon which the earth turns, as he was shortly leaving the colony. The Dy. Suvr. G.showeda, beautifully-illustrated model of the Swan River, from its rise to the Bar. It was a telescope 3-ft. rule. He pointed out that it seldom rose that height, and that Ht& Ba^ was not a legal fiction. THE INSTITUTE OF CIVIL ENOHTEEBS. President, J.H.T. About a ream of paper was read by Asso. T.H.J. upon how to weigh light railways. During the discussion which ensued compliments were inter changed, and the President intimated his intention of writing on the subject to Sir Chas. Fox, Bansome & Rapier, and several other prof essional gentlemen. The Presi dent went into a most elaborate detail of the advantages of a large screw, and illustrated, personally, equilibrium on an elevation. Another member explainedjthe difference between coating a boiler and putting a jacket on it. This meeting had more of the character of a conversazione. There were models of the Harbour works as completed, and a network of railways, which the visitors could plainly see through. The NewCathedral, designs forpublic buildings, Tobin's principle of ventilation demonstrated by the President and a composite candle. The elongation of the flame was much admired. ' Pepper's Ghost,' which had been burnt out of the Polytechnic, appeared as Humphrey Davy and smiled. After the meeting the President invited members and visitors to a petit souper a la fourehette, and I had the honor to respond to the toast 'The Press.' I had read up for the occasion, and described what a mighty lever it was — how it could take a rise out of any one, bnt tha.t at one end it was held bv a gentle hand ; that when necessary its specific gravity and centrifugal force could be regulated by a simple hydraulic process of dilate alcohol, or by a judicious applica tion of tin. Other toasts followed, and guests were accompanied to their homes by the police. My next report will embody the Transactions of the General and Select Society. Y. Found Dead. — Yesterday an inquest was held on the body of a man named Bryan L. Freeling, who was found dead in bis lodgings, in Murray Street. A post mortem examination was made by Dr. Waylen, who stated that he found the heart aud brain in a generally diseased condition, aud that death had resulted from natural causes. A verdict was re turned accordingly. Mr. G. C. Knight, J.P., acted as Coroner. 