THE MYSTEBIES OF CEIME; OB, The Expebienges of ak Edinburgh JDaTECTIVB.-r-No. CXXV. {Published by ^special arrangement with the Author.] : A LOST WILL. In Two Pahts. — Pabt I. The thoughtful reader of the foregoing sketches will have seen that a detective through time gets to look for the author of a crime in no particular direction. Any one young at the business, and anxious to dis , tinguish himself, gladly seizes at the first . clue that offers itself; but, after a while, experience gently restrains him from any such precipitate course. He finds things strangely mixed up, and often turning out exactly the reverse of what he has laid down as, the only solution of the case. Innocence AUOUU.CSL0 XbDCLJ. WAXC7XU 'O xxara v».wAV%otX bUCfrlr only the foulest guilt can dwell ; and all his careful tracing out, thought, and search may suddenly discover itself as the mere follow ing of a false scent purposely laid down to mislead him and screen the guilty. It is a wonderful study ; and, if it does not exalt one's ideas of the divinity remaining in man's image, it at least extracts from us a tribute to his extensive and never-failing i ingenuity and his illimitable cunning. , About as striking a case as I can remember 'at the moment— to show how guilt and in nocence may unconsciously dwell under the same roof, and be so curiously mixed up as to cause one of the most puzzling of mys teries is the .foHowino1. I do not take 'much credit for the simple thought that ^prompted the unravelling, but this I do 'say, that but for that strange clue the whole :might have remained a mystery to the end of time. Lindsay Douglas, Esq., the -? owner of a email estate in the west, lay in hia daugh ter's house; Quarrycliff Vilia, out at JVfer chiston, in a dying state, or at least so weak and ill that all hopes of his recovery were beginning to be abandoned. The old gentleman — or laird, as I should perhaps call him — was well on for seventy years of age ; but, as he had been Ions ailing, his friends and relatives did not look for any sudden breaking up. He had come to Edin burgh for change of air, to the house of his only married daughter; but, in spite of every attention and care, he sank so steadily that at last he 'was warned to take a step which he had long resolved on, but never had the courage to fairly face — make his will. The small estate he called his own was not entailed, and as he had but two sons — one young and needy, and the other old and rich — he naturally thought he could not do better than send the wealth in the direction most needed, by executing a will in favor of his ?younger son, Arthur, As for his daughter Ann, Mrs. Fraser, with whom he now re sided, she neither needed nor looked for anything, having already received her allotted portion at marriage.. Both the sons — Denholm and Arthur — were, at the 'time of which I write, absent from Scot land — the one in London, the other on the Continent. My object in putting down these facts is to show that, so far as any one could see or know, there . was no one near the dying man interested in deviating from its course any will which he might inake. No scheming rascal, no villain greedy and murderous hung over him, waiting and wishing for his last breath j but instead he was passing away in an atmosphere of love and devotion, with his only daughter as his constant nurse, and with every comfort and attention that the skill or heart of man can devise. Yet the poor old laird was strangely fearful and suspicious, as dying men, old or young, are apt to be; and, after being closeted for some days with his lawyer and his daughter, it was whispered through the house that he never slept without a flat tin box, securely locked, stowed carefully under his pillow. More, it was noticed that from that time he would not allow his daughter to leave his xoom for any. length of time, and, when she did leave, caused her to secure him against intrusion by locking the door after her. These peculiarities in terested all the servants, but one in par ticular — an uncommonly pretty housemaid, called Nancy McDougal — was observed to show some agitation when the cause of the precautions was discovered and discussed. 'It's nothing but the old man's wilT, which he keeps under his pillow for safety,' said the tablemaid, who, being a favorite with her mistress, had been the first to learn the truth. 'Mrs. Fraser told me herself that he would not allow even the awyer to take it a moment out of hia sight.' ' But why is he so much afraid of it being lost ?' asked Nancy McDougal, who from the first had shown great interest in the conversation, though saying little her self. 'Well, I got it-: as a secret,' said the tablemaid, in woman's fashion, ' so you musn't tell anybody. The fact ia that in the will the estate goes to Mr. Arthur, while Mr. Denholm only gets a life-rinterest in a mere speck of it; and of course if the will was lost Mr.. Denholm would get all.' ''' Mr. Arthur:?' echoed Nancy McDougal, with a start and a blush, which she in vain ; tried to conceal or repress. ' Why, How can that be ? he is-the youngest.' '* Yes, and the handsomest, as you know' pointedly answered the tablemaid. ' You remember, before he was married, when he stayed here, how he used to watch. you, and follow you about ; and — why, how red ! you've got in the face all at once !' Everyone present looked at the pretty housemaid; and she certainly was red, almost smoking with confusion, though her eye flashed dangerously and vengefully. The next instant she was as. pale. as death, and mistaking her silence for fear the ser vants ruthlessly followed up the bantering^ attack. ' Yes,' said the cook, a, little spitefully, ' and you remember she used sometimes to be out at night — walking across the Braids, she said, and it always happened that Mr. Arthur was out of the house at the same time. Ha, ha, ha! p!r'aps- they, happened to meet when they were out — who knows ?' ' Yes, and to whisper, and cuddle, and kiss 1' added the tablemaid. ' Look, how white she is I 1 really believe she is in love with him yet, and him a married man ; oh, fie!' Naiicy rose, white and haggard, and turned disdainfully away, showing every one of her pretty teeth as. she snapped out — ' In love with him ! Yes, as a cat loves water, or people love poison. I hate him, and yon too — there !' **Then you must have loved him first, for hate always grows out of love, they eay,' persisted the tablemaid. 'Ha, ha we've got the truth out of you at last ! Confess, now, that you were sorry when he was married — sorry that you weren't the bride.' Nancy's lip quivered as she stretched herself scornfully up before them ; but her eye still flashed defiantly, and her voice was schooled into a semblance of firmness as she cried—' I confess that you are a set of impertinent, senseless fools — both cruel and impudent — and I shall go and give my notice to leave at once.' Of course every one laughed — it is so easy to laugh when the torture does not happen to be in your own breast — and poor Nancy heard their fglee right to the other end of the house, to which she had flown. Nancy was not quite deep enough to get on smoothly among fools ; she had not her emotions sufficiently under control to be able to disguise and dissemble, and when the first burst of passion was over she saw that the very fact she had been most anxious to conceal had been betrayed by her words and actions. She did not give in her notice to leave therefore, but affected to laugh at the whole matter when afterwards twitted with her hasty words. That the laugh was a mere surface one will, bja sufficiently clear before I have ^e. The little passage . of -words was Bodily forgotten by the other servants^ %«tt Nancy carried something in lier ws&k; 'which gave the information re* jjaTaiiig the 'will a peculiar significance, and positively forbade forgetfulness. The thought haunted her night and day; and ^wken a woman takes to brooding she *e«erally means mischief, : Exactly five dayssome oddhours after thife conversation there was a double death in Quarry clifie Villa. T&e; one, as the reader has probably anticipated, was that of the \ aged invalid, Lindsay Douglas, which might \ ~be deemed of some, importance; and the other, which occurred some twenty-four hours earlier, was the decease of a wretcheft sparrow which this geHtteman's grandson. Master Fraser, aged five, had captured in a lame condition in the garden and sedulously tried to rear and pet. To couple the death of a Scottish gentleman with that of a sparj xow doubtless seems to some irreverent; if mot positively sacrilegious; but such will please to remember that the coupling is not my work. That there was to be a very in timate connection between the two I mean , 'very speedily to show. ^ j The moment that the death of Lindsay Douglas was ascertained to be a fact a message was dispatched for the immediate attendance «f the lawyer who had drawn «p the wall, who without a grumble left his 'bed at six o'clock in the morning and drov1© out to Merchiston, only too glad to be able to serve such an important client as the de ceased gentleman's heir promised to be. A. consultation with Mrs. Fraser at 'once de , cided that the only two whom the wiU con cerned should at once be informed of thfe death. The lawyer sat down, there and then, and wrote a formal letter of intima tion to each .of the .sons of the deceased; anii then, pending their arrival, willingly took charge of the flat tin box which had hitherfio remained so sedulously guarded under the dead man's pillow. The contents of this box was so perfectly known to both Mr$. Fraser and the lawyer— she having beaja one -of the witnesses and he having *draw!n up and penned the will, and afterwards \- with his own hands locked it in the tip case — that both he and the lady spoke of the tin box simply as ' the will.' An ordinary gentleman or trustee would havp taken the box under such circumstances without question or suspicion, but Mr. Clark, being a lawyer, did nothing loosely or carelessly. Before leaving the chamber of death, and only an hour and a half after the invalid had ceased to breathe, he . took tie key from Mrs. Fraser's own hancjl, unlocked the precious tin casket, and, most wonderful to relate, found it— empty! - ; 'Good heavens,' -aied the lawyer, foir get&ag; in his excitement that he was xa the presetted of a lady; and then,afier stare ing up in her face for a moment or two in dumb amazement, he buret put, ' The will is gone !' \ ' Impossible ? . I saw you put it there with your own hands,' cried the lady in turn, leaning across the table to stare into the . open tin case in a stupor of amazement. ** The box has not been touched by a soul since you left it, !and the key was never once out of my pocket.' ' Then Mr. Douglas must have taken it out himself, for there is no doubt about the will being gone — see,' and he deliberately turned the empty casket upside down, and gazed blankly across at the petrified lady. . ' That, too, is imposible ; my poor father lias not been able so much, as to raise him. self on his elbow from, the day the will was drawn up and deposited under Ms pillow ; and besides, you forget he could not take %t: out without the key, which has remained . in my pocket from the moment you handed it to me after locking up the will.77 ; . .. 'The box must have been tampered with 3n. your absence, then,' presisted the lawyer. ' It is utterly impossible that the will could take wings t& itself and fly .out through tie ' keyhole, even though that aperture ran through to the inside of the case — which |t does not do.1 . ; 'How could it possibly be tampered with, when not a living. soul but myself and the doctor has been allowed within the. door of the bedroom ? My father was so nervous on that point that he actually made me lock him in and take the key with me whenever I was forced to leave his bedside even for a minute. I even to please Mm, slept in the chair there, and took all my meals by his side, and I am certain that, during the whole week the box has never once been from under his pillow. ' It is most wonderf ul— most mysterious and incomprehensible!' cried the lawyer, perfectly aghast. 'Yet there must have Been a hand to .remove it, and the person owning the hand must have got into the loom by some means. Gould they not have come in by the window ?' ; Mrs. Fraser smiled faintly at the sug gestion. p ; . ?' ; 'That, too, is impossible from trie simple fact that tha window, since tl^e painters were last in the house, ^vill not Kjpen. Try it for yourself ; it is stuck fast, acd would not move with three of -the ser vants tugging at it at once.' The lawyer did try it, found it perfestly immovable, and then returned to hie seat more mystified than ever. ' Can any of the servants be the thief f ' -was his next suggestion. *? You say that you have slept in the room, and never left it without locking the door and. removing the key ; might not one of the servants have entered the room while you slept, and thus have abstracted the will ?' u That is extremely unlikely and all but impossible,' firmly and quicky returned the lady. 'You must understand that 'during the whole week I have hardly slept for in hour at a time; then I am such a light sleeper, especially whefc 'trouble is in the house, that the slightest rustle, far less j a footstep in the room, awakes me instantly. Then, -only consider — what* possibe objejct could any of the servants have iaeommit^ ting such a theft? It would not benefit one of them to the value of a farthing.'- ! ' T&e; lawyer was silent, and the'quiek witted lady instantly divined his thoughts* ; u I know /what you would say if you snobs your mind truly,' she said. ' You think that though the servants could apt! pofcslfciy 'he. 'benefited by the will directly,' they /might have ;. been 'bought over by; those' who will. _.lam glad you hesitated . over expressing such a thought, for my Wother Dennolm, .though he will uh . doubtedly feel . angry \ajfc '. finding himself 'supplanted by Arthur, 'Koutd never stoap toJa crime though tlie stafce. were a wliojle iirgapm, and the reverse of the hasird death ''itself-. Besides, Mr. Qlark, you must ,.'. t ^mepalf errrthat Denliplm^rinot posgib|ly be 'yet aware even of the existence of- such fa. i ? will» seeing that It was only plannel and executed a week ago.' .'.'.. . ; ' Tru?, tfiiG,' said tne lawyer, biting hifc lip in excessive vexation. ' Yet the loss is really so very se'rieus— involving, as it ] will do, the ownership of a whole estate— 'that I am bound to make the most strenuous effortjs towards its. recovery. Can you yourself not suggest any means which mightbe trie* to tenet out the truth and recover the -dscumerit?' ' i ' There, now,_I ,was certain you were no;t satisfied, Mr. Clark; but when was there a lawyer who was ?' responded Mrs. Fraser, with smother faint smile. ' You still sus pect the servants. Do not deny it, no w, for I eee «t written in your face. Well, take what means you please towards the investi gation of the case. Call up the servant?, employ a detective to frighten them into confessing the crime — do whatever seems best ; but at all costs recover the lost will.' The permission thus granted Mr. Clark instantly acted on. The servants were ^summoned, and questioned singly and bodily ; but, though the utmost consterna tion was manifested by one and ail, Mr, Clark found, when the investigation was over, that he was just&s; near the recovery of the lost -document as when he started. A minute and careful search through thie bedroom, ia the -first instance, and then every other rcom, -closet, and cellar, in thj© whole house, including as it did the volun tary turning out «rf every one of the ser vants' boxes, only produced , a like result 9 and then, stretching his weary limbs, anfl resting his aching back on an ottoman in the library, after twelve hoursVhard labor, Mr.' Clark came to a strange conclusion. This was that the thief of the will, and the cause of all the trouble and mischiet likely to ensue, was— Mrs. Fraser herself ! ? Of course he did not dare to utter the thought aloud, even to himself; but the longer he thought the matter over the more firmly did the idea seem to take hold of Ms mind. Mrs; Fraser, he reasoned,, might = b*e an interested party, inasmuch as she might be disposed to favor her elder brather, an!d keep back the younger. Appearances wese certainly against such an idea, for the lady had always appeared partial to ; Mr! Arthur, and indifferent to Mr. Denholm^ but appearances, in a lawyers eyes, were peculiarly deceptive ; and as he could think of no other thief he rashly con cluded that it must be she. ' Of course had his suspicions fallen on one of ' the servants ; he would have at orce sent word, to ilje Central Police Office, and had the sus pected person arrested ; but with a, lady He was compelled to: act differently. With the rich every pill must be gilded, and; even then every one shrinks behind his neighbor to avoid the responsibility of administering ' it 9 while the poor, of -course, haying ; broad shoulders, must take everything in the rough. The lawyer determined to be cautious, and, whatever he did, not to com mit himself. He called a cab, and: drove, not to the Police, but out to my housj?, where he formally laid before me as much of the case as was known to him, at the same time giving me full power to act as : I thought best for the finding of the will. Did he tell me of his suspicions as to Mib. Fraser herself being1 the thief ? tljie reader will naturally enquire ; to which ' I reply: — was he not a lawyer? Np, he did not breathe a whisper of such |a thing then; and I was afterwards very glad that he did not, as 1 might thus have go6e off at a tangent from, the real seent, add lost time and opportunities . never to be recovered. . After getting my instructions I walked elowly across to Meichiston by the Meado «f s and. Links, thinking the matter over in niy own Wiay in the cool twilight of the autumn evening;. and before I was halfway. I -hid decided that the will had been abstracted by one of the servants. What object ja /servant could have in committing such W Curious crime I did not trouble myself fco enquire, as I had found the motives to this most frightful folly .as various and innu merable as the very dead leaves my feet were then rustling through. At Quarrycliff,.on presenting Mr. Clarkfs note of introduction, I was very kindly welcomed by Mrs. Fraser, who Carefully went over every detail of the mysterious occurrence, showed me over the whole house, and then left me to work in what way seemed best, c *?;?:?; Nowj one of my first enquiries had beeni Who had been admitted to the bedroom besides Mjs. Fraser and the medical man ? The answer was that no one had been actually admitted to the room, though occasionally the tablemaid brought Up gruels or such necessaries to the door. ' 'Then who made the bed?' was my next question. 'I myself did what I could in that way^' replied the lady ; ' but Mr. Doagla3 was 40 weak that he could not sit up long enough to have it made properly. Only once I gpt it half-made by calling in the housemaijl, Nancy, to support him in a sitting po3ture mrhilo I toesed the pillows and shook the bed in the best manner possible.' ' Housemaid Nancy,' I said, noting down as I spoke^ — ' I thought you said no one was ever in the room ?' . ' 'Well, yes, but I had forgotten about that; but Nancy could not possibly have taken the will then, for it was in the tin box under the pillow, and she was sup porting my father all the time — I myself did the tossing.' ' She was perfectly right, as I was after wards to discover. Nancy could not, and did not, take the will then ; but the slight incident and allusion were sufficient for tae moment to direct-my attention to this gijrl in particular. When the frightened whis per ran through the house that a detective was among them, and that 'it was McGovas,' there was a visible flush |-f anxiety and apprehension, and every one of .the servants, seemed more anxious than another to tender information and give hints. But Nancy McDougal kept' herself sternly aloof, takjog no more jjqtice, ,.o| me than if I had been the baker or the milk man. 1 scanned thie. flusned face curiott3iv r when I £ould gejt a good look at it/ She ' Wjas uncdjnmonlygopd-Jooking-— indeed, h^d she been a, lady she would have been catl^d' . beajatiful— -but hers, was np^ exactly tlje face for a criminal. ' Ye^t fer eye wW larg|e, Hack, and lustrous, and I saw at a glance .' that there was erioi^h passion and power^ hidden in its depths tp dare anything for love or. hate. More and more interested,! I drew the ; chattering tablemaid jLnto talk about Naiiey, and at, last' gfit. from her ,a;. Tague account of. the cohveraation which!; I, haye inserted, at ithe: beginning of . Jlris. etetjphV 3$pw, l;)x0 jbut the merest ' fv^-;' . picion tp- work op. : I /wanted more infpr tion, which, only Nancy, herself could give — -hotf wail to get it? 'To try to get her to sp4akl had already found useless, and p. defiant glare of her shining eyes told tnje that the harder I tugged the more stub born was she likely to become. I tiiougiit of another plan, which T at' once acted on. Going down to the kitclien, I suddenly accosted ^er tbu& — 'Your name is Nancv McBougal, is it not?' ? -? .-. . s ???'??'? ..' ;.;- ?, ?'. ? : Shestared straight into my eyes for the first time, and I fancied that I saw a scared look creep over her face as she answered in the affirmative. ; 'Then, Nancy, I would; like to have ia look at your room, and— -and your box,' I eaid, as' cheerily and indifferently as pos sible. There was a strange hush in the kitchen as I spoke, and every eye was turned on the , startled housemaid. 'Do not be alaTmed,' I said, to reassure her and divert the suspicions of the other servants; ' I have to go Over them all ; I may as well begin with yours as any other.' She made no reply in words, but one scru tinising, withering look of contempt which she swept across my face told me that she read my raal meaning and defied me to do my worst. She led the way from the kitchen without a word to her own bedroom, which was at the back, in a line with the nursery, and close to a door leading into the gardeii. She unlocked her box, and turned out its contents rigidly and stonily, and then I knelt down to, examine them in my own way. While. I was doing so, a rattling - sound caught my ear, caused by her throw ing something hastily into 'the empty grate. 'What's that?' I criea, looking round sharply. ???'?.. ' Only an old phial which I found on the floor, and was throwing in there to be out of the way,' 'she answered, trying, but this time unsuccessfully, to appear cool and in different. I rose without a word j and, going ;up to the disused grate, picked out from among the bits of crashed,, paper, half-burnt cinders, and other odds and ends, filling it, a biggish glass phial, which had been broken with the sudden crash, and which was yet wet with the liquid it had held. 'What was in this?' I asked, holding up the broken phial. *' Oh, just some laudanum that I got for the toothache a while ago.' I looked at the, label, still holding the broken pieces together, and read aa fol lows z— -' Sleeping. . Draught. — Dose for an adult. — A tablespoanful in water?j as required/' The address ; of a, chemist at the other side of the. pity followed, with, at the lower corner, written in ink, ' No. .,1G,557.T/.' ?:.,? \\... , ?'; ? .; ; ' ? ? 'How can that be?' I said, more sus picious than ever. . ' No chemist is allowed to sell laudanum without attaching a label to the phial on which |is; legibly printed the word Poison. Besides, laudanum leaves a brown stain; this liquid is color less. Thie fact is, Nancy, you have told me a lie — a thing which t detest, as I al ways find that it is used to screen a worse crime.' She, stared at me, paling guiltily till her face was like marble, but not a word would she utter. I plied her with questions as to where she had got the preparation, what she had got it for, how she had used it, and why she now so suddenly took the notion of getting the bottle out of my sight; but to all she remained dumb as a stone.. Thoroughly convinced that there was something behind it all, I at last put the phial carefully away in my pocket ; and leaving strict orders that Nancy was not to be allowed for a raoment to quit the house, 1 took my way to tlie nearest cabstand, and ? drove away over and down to tha foot of the Canpngate, where I showed, the phial' to the chemist who had- sold, it, and asked' him to turn up' the ^number; in his book for the name of the person to whom it had been supplied. A little to my surprise jit was the real name, 'Agnes McDau^al,' and I had now no doubt whatever that I was on tbe right track, at last. ; '_ 'How; did you come to supply such a thing without a doctor's prescription?' I sharply enquired when he had , described the girl in away that no one who had seen Nancy. could mistake,, ;'.'? . ; : ** Because she said she had; no doctor, and could not afford one. She. said it was for an old man and herself ; I think she said the old man was her father. It is quiteja common think-here to sell ^uch acoaaposiag draught without a prescription, just as we sell laudanum or any other opiate. I offered her laudanum, indeed;' but she said she wished something which had little or no taste* ; 'She did not speak of being troubled ! with toothaphe ?' ' Never once.* ' - This was enough for me, I left the shop, got into the cab, and ^drove back to Mer cbiston. Here I found the aspect of things rather improved ih my absence ; for Nancy bad attempted to steal but of the house, had been intercepted,' had struggled and fought, burst into tears, and finally been locked up in a room, with barred windows at the back, to awaii my arrival. My first busi ness was to see Mrs. Fraser. ' Did you at any time, since the will was drawn up and deposited in the tin case, . drink anything which it was possible that yeur housemaid could have tampered with ?' 'Only once; when the cook was out by leave, and my father's' gruel was prepared 1by Nancy in her stead.1' ; i ' Did you yourself partake of the gruel ?' The lady smiled out at the question — '?' I did— I always did— ^-but just to please my father. He had got the idea that I was wearing myself out with' watching, and always insisted that I should take part of every meal 'brought up to him. ' Ah, indeed— 1: tliougtit as much,' I dryly 'returnea. :'Did'y0ii; sleep any on that particular nightman you Temember.' ' Again the lady's eyes beamed out into a smile. ? --?' ?? i ' ' I don't know- how you can have guessed it;Mr.McGovan--But i^oth my father and' mjBelf slejpt ^unusually well^that night. [ I do, not think I. awoke above -twice during . theziight;'! i:- . ' , ..J '*.-???, . , X bowed, and then.prpfferpd a request to beftllowedtheuse of the 'library pV any otherrroorn, where I might question Naacy ilcpoueal alone, ^hia ..Jte^ng granted,; I . cajefully made , my preparations in a w$y which I .thought ; might be imposing to - a servant g jrl ^n4 one uiiaccustoiiied to criTne., A deskj papver, pens, and ink, ; J placed on Ae table j and cpn'spicuQusly .beside these I -placed. a pair of shiny handcuffs. Then, ?. tpucting the .bell, I -tad tlie weeping and , fiu?tes^dripoking]pr^8din,er brought in and the door locked wijthout to preysnt intrusion. ' Now, Nancy,' I gently began, as her eye ran fearfully over the table and finally rested on the handcuffs, ' before I begin I wish you to understand that as yet this ter rible, affair is not formally in the hands of the police. I am employed privately to U3e what means I consider proper, not to con vict the criminal, but to recover the lost will. I do not say that I can convict you of stealing the will, but I have traced something quite as criminal to your door — that is, the drugging of the gruel which you made for Mr. Douglas and Mrs. Fraser on the night that the cook was absent — and it only remains for you to say whether you will secure yourself from prison by telling the truth, or be branded for ever as a criminal.' 'I cannot! I dare not! What good would it do ?' she wildly cried, in the midst of her gobs. 'The will's gone, and there's an end to it.' ' I know it is gone, but I want you tp help me to get it back again ;'' I said, mis taking her real meaning. ' You do — really and truly ?' and in her surprise she almost forgot her teara. 'What a wonderful man you must ba!' 'Never mind what I am,' I said, smiling, and glad at last at having roused her interest, and in some degree gained her confidence; 'but, say, will you tell me all about it?' . ... ? Her tears came again at the question, and her head went drooping downwards; but her agitation was: less violent, and at last looking up suddenly, she said^ '?I think there must be some ghosts or spirits who have had a hand in the affair, for though I do know something about ii, I am as much puzzled as it is possible for you to be. But you seem so clever and quick, and not nearly so harsh and cruel as I thought at first, so I'll tell you all I know of it, and perhaps you can find out the rest.' (To be continued .) - 