LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. OFFICIAL nfFOBMATION. Mr. Lackey, in answer to Mr, Burns, said Ïlans are being prepared for a court- house at franxton, and the work will be advertised Tery soon. Mr. "Windeyer, in answer to Mr. Copeland, said six informations were laid against Mr. ¡Franck in connection with the totalisator. . Mr. P. Suttor, in answer to Mr. M'Elhone, eaid the papers in the case of Mr. Greville, chief clerk in insolvency, would be laid OB the table in the course of a few days. DENILIQUIN JURY IISX3. Mr. Hurley (Hartley), brought up a report from the select committee on jury lists, De- niliquin. THE LABOTJE QUESTION ASD OTflEE MATTEItS. Mr. Cameron brought under the notice of the House and the Government, the state of the working classes in this colony at the pre Bent time. He wished to direct public atten- tion to the manner in which the immigration vote has been expended. Statements had been made that called for inquiry, and which, if true, reflected discredit on this colony, and the authorities under whose supervision this vote was expended. It would appear from these statements that an immoral traine in luman beings was going on. He referred particularly to a letter m last Friday's 'Evening News, signed " John "Williams, Burry Hills," which letter he read and com- mented upon. The writer had been induced to come out under false misrepresentations as to the condition of the iron-working trade. He bad no hesitation in asserting that the repre- sentations by which this immigrant had been induced to come out here were absolutely false. While he admitted the necessity of putting population on the soil, he protested 'against a clasB of persons being brought out 'Who were fit only for city life. He also im- pressed upon the Government the advisability of giving instructions as to the trades that were overstocked in this country. He be- lieved that the tale told by John Williams was the same that could be told by hundreds of immigrants. Many mechanics were walk- ing about Sydney unable to find employment. A scandalous wrong waB being done by the authorities in bringing certain classes of people hore. The number of unemployed men of all callings in and around Sydney was greater now than the last 10 years. But for the Exhibition building, heaven knows what would become of our tradesmen and labouring classes, and he did not know what would be- come of our surplus mechanical population When that building waa finished. Several immigrants who had gone up the country, lad had to return, and were m such a state of destitution that some ladies who were on the platform at the railway Btation had emptied their purses to relieve their distress. The people that should be brought out here were those who would settle on the soil and till it, and before we invited them here we should alter our abominable land laws. It was, he contended, a wrong to the people of this country, as well as the immigrants them- selves, to bring people out here. He hoped the Government would put a stop to the evil. He moved the adjournment of the House. Mr. M'Elhone said if the statements in the letter in the Evening News were true, they ^ought to he inquired into. The writer çvas ^iiot afraid to put MB name to it, and he had also given the name of the agent who had in- duced him and others to come out by false re. presentations. He commented upon tho sys- tem that was adopted to induce people to come out here. One person, a printer of china and crockeryware, was told that there was plenty of work for the men of his trade out here. The result was that the unfortu- nate man, when he came out, walked about Sydney streets f»r weeks unable to find em- ployment, and me wife fell iU for want of food, and died in the Sydney Infirmary. He next proceeded to criticise the constitution of the board to inquire into the Government Store Department. Two of them were incom- petent, and Mr. Eagar ought not to be allowed ^>n the board under any consideration, because he was at the head of the department, and could not be expected to report against him- self. The country had been robbed of over £20,000 a year through this department and the contract for stores. He would go more fully into this matter to-morrow, when he would have the documents in his possession. He believed that Mr. Eagar would screen the officers of this department, and he complained that the Treasurer had not appointed inde Eendent business men. He would like to now, also, if the report would be kept back until Parliament was prorogued, as was usually done when there was any dirty work tobe broughtto light. He hadno hesitationin saying that it was from Mr. Nash that he received the information about this matter, and it was through Mr. Nash that this inquiry was instituted. He challenged the Treasurer to deny that Mr.^Dohen had contracted to sup- ply kerosine oil at 2s a gallon, and was allow- ed to charge 3s a gallon without a fresh con- tract. He asked (sarcastically) when the Government intended to prorogue Parliament. The eight Government days had gone by, and he would like to know if the Colonial Secre- tary would be able to prorogue in l8 days. The Colonial Secretary had oc- cupied the time of the House on Fri- day night, and he (Mr. M'Elhone) would follow suit and occupy a little of the Govern- ment time to-night, after seven o'clock. He would move the adjournment of the House then, and show that the Colonial Secre- tary was the last person to throw stones at him. He would prove that Sir Henry Parkes in a speech at West Maitland, had said that he (Mr. M'Elhone) was the most useful mem- ber of the House. But that was when he sat behind Sir Henry Parkes, when he was trying to turn out Sir John Robertson. He would let the hon. gentleman see that for the attack made on him (Mr. M'Elhone) on Friday night, he would perhaps give him a little more trouble in getting through the session than he expected. He had certainly not interfered much with the Government, but when the hon. gentleman so far forgets himself as he did on the last private night, he could not see any harm in the doctrine of an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. He believed the Colonial Secretary, as the Even- ing Newshai said, showed a thirst for blood, and had gone off his chump altogether. More than one Government had come to grief through the overbearing conduct of Sir Henry Parkes. He would show that he (Mr. M'El- hone) never went about the back slums with Scrimes and Dransfield trying to rake up evi- dence to damn the character of Mr. Garrett, in order to defeat the Government of which he was a member;. However, his (Mr. M'Elhone's) time would come at half-past 7. The ball would begin then. Mr. Cameron protested against the con- temptuous silence of the Government con- cerning his complaints. (Sir Henry Parkes made an interjection, which was not heard in the gallery.) Mr. Camerom said the hon. gentleman should have said so publicly. The motion for adjournment was then negatived. rNQTJESTB IN THE MAITTJAND DISTRICT. Mr. Eckford moved, that there belaid upon the table of this House copies of all corres- pondence between the Government and Dr. Morson, with reference to holding inquests unnecessarily in the Maitland district, Agreed to. POSTAI INFOBMA.TÎON". Mr. Burns moved-That there belaid upon the table of this House copies of all corres- pondence respecting the proposed or actual change in the amount payable to the English postal authorities, out of the postages on out- ward Australian and New Zealand mails. Agreed to. POEMS OF CHOWN GRANTS. Mr. Copeland moved-That there be laid upon the table of this House a copy of each of the various forms of Crown grant issued since the passing of the Crown Lands Aliena- tion Act »f 1861. Agreed to. THE P. M. OF BINGERA. Mr. M'Elhone moved-That, in the opinion' of this House, Mr. P. Brougham, the police magistrate, Bingera, is an unfit person to occupy the position of police magistrate, and should be dismissed from the public service. He Baid he had been supplied with a Fijian paper, which showed that Mr. Brougham had been committed for trial for stealing trust moneys at Fiji, and absconded from bail ; yet he had been appointed to a lucrative appoint- ment as police magistrate in this colony. He urged that the appointment reflected lasting disgrace on the Government, especially when it was known that Mr. Docker, who had ap fiointed Mr. Brougham, was his brother-in aw. It was a well-known fact that the whole of the rascality of this colony are located in Fiji, plundering the poor natives wholesale. He read a letter from a person who knew Mr. Brougham as curator at Fiji. The writer, one J. Watt, was willing to corroborate what Mr. Jones had told him (Mr. M'Elhone). When Mr. Leary was Minister for Justice, he did his best to stop publication of the papers which has been done by a re- solution of the House. Mr. Jones had Eower to draw any amount of money ;om Mr. Billyard on these Fiji plan- tations. He quoted from the Parliamentary paper to show that Mr. Brougham was wrongly appointed. He came to this colony with a criminal prosecution hanging over his head, and gets pitchforked in a good billet with a salary of £400 or £500 a year. The appoint- ment, he contended, was an insult to the Seople and the Legislature. (Hear, hear.) fe maintained that the Civil Service had been grossly insulted by appointing Buch a man to the high office of police magistrate when he had a criminal charge hanging over his head. He maintained that Mr. Brougham could not be innocent wheu he says he had paid the money, and subsequently goes and trys to pay the money back again. Mr. Stuart would never have consented to such an appointment if he had known of such a charge, but it was only on a par with other appointments made by the Government at the time. He read the evidence adduced at the inquiry, and urged that the Government had no right (allowing ) they were ignorant of the charge when they mtade made the appointment) to allow Mr. P. Brougham to remain the Government service after "knowing the facts of the case. (Hear, hear.) He believed that Mr. Brougham claimed Sseent from Lord Brougham, and actually went to see Sir Arthur Gordon, and to square the matter with him. »appearedthat Mr Brougham, to clear himselfaccused nearly all the off eera of the Government of being rogues and thieves. He then cleared out, and came to Sydney, where his brother-in law, Mr. Docker, made him a police magis- trate. Then there was a charge of embezzle- ment which resulted in a Scotch verdict of not proved. To his mind Mr. Brougham was auilty of robbing intestate estates. He hoped a honest yote, and not a party vote, would be given. THE LAND BILL.-THE PBEMIEB. After the adjournment, the House, after re- assembling, went into committee to further consider the Land Bil, but the Premier im- mediately moved that the Chairman leave the chair, report progress, and ¡*k leave to sit again on Wednesday. This was agreed to, and progress was re- ported accordingly. On Mr. Speaker putting the question " That leave be given to sit again to- morrow," Mr. M'Elhone desired to move an amend- ment, to the effect that the career of Sir Henry Parkes since he had occupied a seat m Parliament rendered him unfit for the posi- tion of a Minister of the Crown. Sir Henry Parkes: Let the question be amended in that way if it can. Mr. Hurley (Hartley) : M'Elhone's benefit night. Mr. Speaker ruled that the amendment could not be put. It was in no way relevant to the question or consistent with it. Sir Henry Parkes : If the hon. member will give notice of that motion, I will give it pre- cedence of all other business. Leave to sit again was then given. Mr. M'Elhone then proposed to give notice of his intention to move a resolution of the character he had indicated. Mr. Speaker ruled that notice of motion could not be given after the orders of the day had been called. THE CONDEMNED OBIMIN'A.LS. Mr. Hungerford asked the Colonial Sec- retary if it was true that the Government had decided to allow the sentence of death passed upon two young men and a black man to be carried out. Sir Henry Parkes said it was true. He explained the circumstances of the case. CITT COEEORA.TIOÎT BILL-A SCEITE. In committee of the whole Sir Henry Parkes moved that the committee agree_ with the amendments made by the Council in the preamble of the Sydney Corporation Bill. Mr. M'Elhone (at 8 o'clock) moved, as an amendment, that the Chairman leave the chair. He said he did so in order to refer to the charges made by Sir Henry Parkes against him for what he had said about Mr. Garrett. He said he had no wish to refer any further to Mr. Garrett than he was compelled to do; but, in justice to him- self, he felt bound to make the explana- tion he was about to do. He alluded to Mr. Garrett's opposition to Sir Henry Parkes as notorious at that time, and that^ high and mighty man determined to put his foot on him-he puts it everywhere-and, in proof of it, he quoted from a speech made by Sir Henry Parkes at "West Maitland. He also quoted from a speech by Mr. Darvall against Sir Henry Parkes, at East Maitland, and referred to the OTarrell tragedy, and the Kiama ghost scare, and taunted Sir Henry Parkes with having sneaked back to Parlia- ment after saying that the door of his politi- cal life was closed for ever, and he had unseated his friend, Mr. Richard Hill, who had always supported him. He said Sir Henry Parkes had crawled back into the House like a venomous reptile of the worst kind. (Sir Henry Parkes left the Chamber after MJC, M'Elhone commenced his attack.) After Mr. M'Elhone had been speaking for half an hour, Mr. M'Culloch rose and called the attention of the chairman to the presence of strangers. At this there were cries of " Oh !" and " shame," from members on the Opposition benches. Mr. Gray expressed the hope that Mr. M'Culloch would not persist in his objection. Mr. M'Culloch declined to withdraw his objection to strangers, and the galleries were thereupon cleared. Mr. M'Elhone intimating that he would return to the subject again to-morrow, in order that his remarks might be reported. He also quoted from the report of a trial in which Sir Henry Parkes had been fined £100 for slandering Darcy Wentworth Murray, by saying in Par- liament, and afterwards printing, that Murray had connived at his wife's dishonour. He spoke in very strong terms of Sir Henry Parkes' conduct in this matter, inasmuch as Murray was not in that House to defend himself, while Mr. Garrett was when he (Mr. M'Elhone) attacked him. Sir Henry Parkes, he said, had disgraced the order of knighthood, and had uniformly turned round and stung his friends when he got the opportunity. He also referred in very caustic terms to Sir Henry Parkes having got £5000 voted for immigration purposes, and got himself appointed lecturer, and all fthe benefit the country derived from that ser- vice was a man with a wooden leg. The gal- leries remained cleared for some time. On strangers leaving the Assembly, Mr. M'Elhone said that he would not go on, and when he continued his speech the public should be present. Strangers were then re-admitted, and when we went to press the House was in committee on the City Bill._ THE "MEDICO" FLEEOEE.-It will be re- membered (says the Evening JSTewa) that some short time back we recorded the fact of a man having paid a visit to most of the medical men m Sydney, and under the pretence of illness had received not only medical but pecuniary assistance, by tendering forged cheques, purporting to be drawn by well known citizens, and tendering them to the doctors in payment for their fees, received change, the doctors fully believing the cheques were genuine. The man in question, Arthur Leslie or M'Donald, was afterwards arrested, and to-day he was brought before the "Water Police Bench, charged with uttering a forged cheque for £3, purporting to be drawn by Messrs. Richardson and "Wrench, and was remanded until Thursday next. " Madame la République" they call it in France. How to get rid of an importunate lover-make him a good husband. A Wisconsin girl, wishing to prevent her lover going to California, atole all his shirts from the line on which they were hanging out to dry. Ho couldn't do a better thing than take that girl along. She will I never let him Btarve. 