LORD BEACONSFIELD ON RECIPROCITY. On whatever else the political parties of England may differ they are agreed that a free-trado policy is the best for that countrv. Statesmen inveterately opposed on nearly every other subject unite ou this common platform, and concur in in telligently defending the freedom of commerce. It is well for England that matters are so ordered. Had it been possible for tho agitators in favour of recipocrity to find champions more dis tinguished than the uninfluential Lord Bateman and Mr. Mclver to lead their forlorn hope in Parliament the ghost of protection they have raised might have become an alarming object. As it is, Lord Beaconsfield has aptly described it as a phantom. This perturbed spirit of a defunct Protectionism is indeed a phantom in more senses than one. Even to those who clamour about it reciprocity is a mere name, a shadowy delusion which appears in different forms to different people. Reciprocitarians deny that they want or seek the establishment of protec tion, yet when asked what they do want they either evade the question or speak the language of protectionists. Some of ^hem,^ fact, attempt to veil their real pprposo by the use of specious arguments, too thin, however, to serve as an effective disguise. They profess, with an affecta tion of generosity positively touching, to aim less at the direct improvement of British trade than at the conversion of other countries to free-trade principles. 'Reciprocity,' they say, 'must be adopted till the nations learn to make free trade work well all round.' It is, therefore, in this view of it a simple makeshift, yet even as a makeshift it must be dis carded. A temporary expedient of this sort would indeed be worse than use less — it would be mischievous and per nicious, perhaps ruinous. The acceptance of it by England would imply a departure from sound economic doctrines and a corresponding injury to the cause of free trade abroad. Besides, reciprocity would mean for England ' tariff wars and noth'ng else,' whereas by sticking to free trade, and by 'allowing other nations to taste the bitterness of their folly to the full, as France and the United States are doing, and as Germany means to do,' England will eventually triumph. Of the truth of this English statesmen havo long bee a convinced. Successive efforts to revive the fiscal heresies of forty years ago have deservedly failed as surely as the present agitation has already received its death blow. Any hopes that may have been entertained as to the Premier's sympathy with the reciprocity movement have been completely dispelled by his emphatic repudiation of it. Lord Beaconsfield has renounced the proposals of the agitatora with as much decisiveness as the 'ttpst conscientious free-trade member of the Calinet could have done. The finality of the change in Eng land's commercial policy could not indeed be better exemplified than, in this avowed attitude of the Premier. He is now as unwavering in his ad voc cy of free trade as he was formerly in his adhesion to the protectionist system. Even after the Com Laws were abclished he repeatedly essayed to attack the new policy, and not until his party was shattered by crushing defeats did he jrive over the fight. Parliament had decided in 184G that hostile tariffs 'should be mot by free imports, and although he admitted that this conclusion was arrived at after great deliberation he refused to accept it, because he believed the policy a perilous one, until the judgment of Parliament was ratified by the consti tuencies at the general election in 1852. Even later still, if we mistake not, Mr. Disraeli betrayed a hankering after some of tho fallacies which had been his political stock-in-trade during the Bentinck regime. Nevertheless, as he now tells us, he perceived, when the country refused to reverse what its repre sentatives had done, that public men had no choice but to bow to this decided opinion. And this, no doubt, Mr. Dis raeli did with great satisfaction to himself and certain encouragement to his pros pects. Were Lord Bateman a more a&tute; peer he might have foreseen that the interest he is enlisted in could not be served by recalling the arguments used against free trade by Lord George Ben tiuck's lieutenant. The author of those arguments now disclaims them as 'musty phrases.' Lord Beaconsfield has of late been pointedly reminded of his policy as the opponent of commercial free dom, but from his present altitude he can apparentlyaffordtolook down upon the past with profound equanimity. His admis sions may lay his political wisdom and pre science open to question, yet this does not seriously discompose one who can cava lierly dismiss the inconvenient professions of a previous generation. Thirty-three, years ago Mr. Disraeli thought 'the opinions of the Anti-Corn Law League dangerous — their system founded on error, and tending to confusion.' * 23bw Lord Beaconsfield avows that he has not been able to find reasons for concluding that ' the repeal of the Corn LawB and the adoption of free trade had injuriously affected any interest in the country except land.' This is assuredly a most signifi cant confession, notwithstanding th© ex ception stated. Of course, as the head of the landlord party in the country, Lord Beaconsfield had to make some such qualification, still he hastened; to ; explain that, although the land had been thus injuriously affected, this was no reason why Lord Bateman's schemes should bo adopted. Moreover, as « partial justification, vre suppose, o£ the course ho pursued thirty years since, Lord Beaconsfield insisted that tho grounds for reciprocity -which were then at least apparent had now disappeared, inasmuch as a very large number of articles were then subject to import . duties. But these materials for re ciprocal * treaties existed no longer, ' and it was idle to talk of re cipro:ily as a cure for existing evils.' The irony of the situation was complete when Lord Gianville, who has been a freetrader for forty years, applauded the Premier for his assurance that the Govern ment deemed it impossible to return to a system of protection, and gave no en couragement to the fallacious specifics a'l vanced for the relief of prevalent. distress, which must be dealt with in another way. This fortunate concurrence of views de monstrates tho futility of further agita tion for reciprocity in England. It is quite possible, however, that spasmodic efforts will continue to be put forth by the interested few who are ever ready to shout that the trade of the country is in danger. Butns therevival which LordGran- ville hopefully predicts gradually makes itself felt all this troublesome vapouring will cease. Meanwhile it is vain to expect that Reciprocitarians will be impressed by facts which have been iterated and reiterated to repletion. They hug thoir delusion so closely that the most exact array of figures fan's to convince them that export3 have not fallen away nor imports been so increased in value as they suppose, or, at least pretend to believe. Statistics could be cited to show how exaggerated i3 the fear of American competition in the iron trade for instance, the export of the United States being comparatively trifling. Again,, the dread of successful rivalry in the cotton industry is similarly unreal. As a matter of fact, ' the United States have now a smaller export trade in cotton and other manufactures than they had before the war.:- They may shut their fiscal door3 against England, but they certainly have not as yet driven Englishmen from their own home markets. Moreover, it must be borne in mind that the exports of other countries a3 well as England have declined, owing to the general depression in trade. Nor could reciprocity restore them to their old level. Retaliation would, in. truth, tell most against those countries with whom England's trade is freest, and would aggravate their conduct towards England to an extent 'beyond that ex perienced in the case of Spain, which in flicted immediate injury on the Peninsula trade of England by excluding her from the benefit of the moBt-favoured-nation clause, Neither, in short, on raw materials nor on manufactures can England afford to impose duties without being herself the chief sufferer, and tending to rivet on others the fetters of restricted trade. Nor can the people be tempted from a BGund economic path by Lord Bateman's promise of 'a free breakfast table.' While wheat, sugar, and the provisions which come in such vast quantities from abroad would be taxed by the Recipro citarians, it is difficult to conceive how this cheapness and freedom could be ensured. We 'would be as much, enlightened by the assurance that Lord Bateman and his friends were crying for the moon in the expectation of obtaining it as the appropriate centre and abiding place of reciprocity. Aliesatios of THB Park L-XQB. — A depu tation, consisting of Messrs. C. Peacock, M.P., J. O. Bray, MJ?., G. S. Fowler, MJ?., His Wor ship the Mayor (Mr. W. O. Buik, J.P.), Councillor Bagedorn, and the Town Olerk, waited upon the Commissioner of Public 'Works on Friday. June 27, regarding the proposed alienation of part of the Park Lands for drainage and waterworks purposes. The deputation said the Council were willing to lease the land to the Government for a term o£ fifteen years, but that they objected greatly to the proviso in the Bill as it now stood. Mr. Hawker, in reply, said the Government intended that the fifteen acres of land on the West Park Lands should only be used for the storage of plant for the carrying out of the deep-drainage cheme, and that the Government were willing o accept a lease of that for fifteen yearn with a right of renewal. In the cue of the land used for waterworks pur poses on the East Park Lands .that would have to be vested in the Government in per petuity unless the citizens - could do without water from the reservoir. He promited to lay . the suggestions of the deputation before bis colleagues. SttTOAY Liquor TBAmc-In order to ascer tain the nature af the Sunday liquor traftic since the operation of the last Acton the sub ject, Mr. D. Bower, M.P., we understand, intends moving in the House of Assembly for a return ahowiDg the number of convictions ia Adelaide and the Port for drunkenness on the Sundays during tbe year ending April 1, 1878, and also' those during the year ending April 1, 1879. Dbauuge of Glenelo. — The Glenelg Cor poration on Friday, Jnne 27, resolved that the Government; should be written to, requesting them to allow the Hydraulic Engineer (Mr. Oswald Brown ) to inspect Glenelg, to see whether it would be possible to drain it ; w-besher Mr. Chamier's scheme was adaptable ; and whether bis estimate would be likely to be exceeded. Cottage Hospital at Poet Pirie. — Our Port Pirie correspondent, writing on June 26 ?ays : — 'A committee has at length been ap pointed to look after the interests of our pro- ? posed Cottage Hospital, which has now been talked of for such a very long time. We have to thank the recent Moore centennial festival that the matter has again been taken in band. In accordance with an advertisement, a public meeting was held on Wsdnesdsy evening to appoint a committee to receive and manage moneys in hand aud to be collected in aid of a ? Cottage Hospital tor Port Pirie, and to con sider the best means of forwarding the move ment. The following gentlemen were chosen : — The Mayor, (ex offieio member), Rev. F. T. 'Wbitington. Rev. Palmer Law, Rev. Father Neubauer, Rev. B. G. Edwards, Messrs. J. H. Howe, W. H. Ross, Thomas Ooombe, J. C. S. Anthony, J. B. Terrell, .William Wood, and Dr. Stewart. About £70 is now on hand. It is to be hoped that steps will be taken to have the much- needed building erected before tbe setting in of the coming warm' weather. It is a matter deserving of more than local support, and it can easily be seen that the sum on hand comes very far short of thp mm rennired ' SrpEEMS Cocbt, rs Bisco. — Oh Friday, June 27, their Honors the Chief Justice, Mr. Jaetfce Gwynne and Mr. Jnstice Boucaut, sitting in Banco, heard the continuation of the argument on the Equity appeal inDobsonv. Dobson. Mr. Barlow and Mr. Harold Downer, the counsel for the defendant, concluded their argument, after which the hearing was ad loiuned till Monday; but the Court intimated they would not call on the Hon. C. Mann, Q.C., the leading counsel for the plaintiff, till Wed i esday next. Arising out of the case of King v. Pagenhardt, a motion waa made for a rule .ailing on Sir. 'William Wadham to show cause why his caveat therein should not be set aside en the grounds that he had no caveating i p.pacity, and that a zi. fa. having been regis tered it defeated his rights under an unregis tered memorandum of transfer in respect of which he had entered the caveat. The question was considered important, and the rule was granted. Public School Appointments. — The follow- ing appointments have been made by the Minister of Education, on the recommendation of the Chief Inspector of Schools : — Head Teachers— T. Cowling, Caltowie; S. Roberts, 'Wirrabara; A. S. Gunning, 'Warnertown— all transferred from Training College, T. Ken- nedy, Kersbrook, to December 31. Second Assistant — V. Pavia, City Model School, trans- ferred from Kapunda. Third Assistants - D. O. Grasby, North Adelaide Model School, trans- ferred from the Burra; W. H. Gray, Norwood Model School, transferred from Whitmore- square; F. Snell, Kapunda, transferred from Training College; R.Llewellyn, Moonta Mines, transferred from Training College. Assistant Teacher — T. Rodgers, Whitmore-square, trans- ferred from Training College. Temporary Assistant — S. C. Bennett, Kadina, to December 31\. Provisional Schools : Provisional Teachers — C. C. Costello, Point Malcolm, transferred from Cooke's Plains; Mary Radcliffe, Lower Skilly : A. Erigthropel, Hoyleton, to December 31 ; W. H. Locking, O.B. Flat, to December 31 ; Louisa M. Darby, Minlacowie; Elizabeth M. Dunlison, Port Gawler; Isabella Ryder, Windsor, transferred from Milang ; D. McNaughton, Lower Light. Sewing Mistresses — H. A. Gilmour, Stone Hut; J. Christoph, Lobethal; E. Bradley, Mitcham. Monitors — Alice E. Wright, Teatree Gully ; Mary Cormack, Riverton ; J. C. Nadebaum, Tanunda. Sewing mistress and provisional teacher, second year, J. Schumann, Millicent, to December 31. The following resignations have been accepted : — Jessie Darby, provisional teacher, Minlacowie ; Margaret Hutchins, provisional teacher, Wirra bara ; Emily Cooper, pupil teacher, Lefevre's Peninsula ; Louisa May Roberts, monitor, Alta murra. The G&veksmhmt; Railways.— The affording of employment by the Government on the different railways now in course of construc tion has absorbed some 750 men, a large number of whom were previously unable to obtain work, and the result is that the glut in the labour market has been to a large extent re moved, the number of applications for employ ment having considerably lessened the last week or so. There are 550 men engaged on the Nairne Railway, most of whom receive 5s. per day, bat ethers have piecework on earth cuttings and embankments, or are stonebreaking in the yards at Xorth Adelaide, at 2s. 9d. per cubic yard, the price having been increased on Friday by 3d. in consequence of its having been pressed on the Government that the higher rate was paid by the Corporation. As showing the independence of some of the men whose condition has been represented as being so distressed, it may be mentioned that seventy who were engaged on the Nairne Railway near the Gaol were drafted off this week to go to the cuttings in the hills, and out of that number thirty refused when they got there to go 'to work, and were paid off. There are about 200 men em ployed on the Halle tt and Terowie line, most of whom are on piecework. Those who are not are paid 5s. a day, with wood and water and hut accommodation. Huts have already been erected for 160 men, and sufficient for sixty more are being constructed. If labourers continue to come forward at the same rate as they have during the last few weeks the earthworks and ballast-breaking for this railway will be completed by the time tenders are called for the construction of the permanent way. This, however, cannot be dose for at Itast two months. In four months' time it is possible that matters will be in such a position that tenders will be invited for the Jamestown and Yongala line, and the Nairne line in six months; but it must not be forgotten that the works now being prosecuted will advance the completion of these railways by long periods. Mr. Barry, one of the members of the .firm who have the con tract for the Port Augusta line, has stated to the Government his willingness to engage 100 or 200 men, to leave for Port Augusta at the end of the week, if he is allowed ro select them and not to take a crowd haphazard, many of whom may be un skilful or idle. The labourers on the line in question are engaged on piecework, bat we are informed that they can earn 8s. a day. Taking into consideration this offer, the fact of the large number of men engaged on the other rail ways 'and the large amount of employment which the construction of the Adelaide sewers will soon afford, it seems likely that the surplus labour will speedily be absorbed. Orders for the steel rails for these lines have been sent to England. Theateb Rotae. — There was a good dress circle attendance at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening, June 27, but a moderate attendance in other parts. The favourite comedy 'London Assurance' was selected for the occasion, and besides furnishing good parts to the other members of the company it gave Mi. is Augusta Dargon au opportunity of dis playing her high-class histrionic powers in the role of the fox-hunting Lady Hay Spanker. Miss Dargon'a acting in this part bore very favourable comparison with that in any other character in which she has appeared, and in saying so nuich no faint word of praise is 'given her. In Mime of the leading passages where declama tion is necessary she may perhaps have made a little too much of what the author had placed in her hands, but in the byplay with Sir Harcourt Courtly, and generally in the latter scenes of the comedy, her performance left nothing to be desired. Mr. Carey had a good thing in the part of Lawyer Meddle and made the most of it. -to the great amusementjof the audience. Miss Jessie Grey assumed the role of Grace llark&way; iu a pleasant and satisfactory manner, and Mr. Martin gave a very good inter prctation of Sir Harcourt. Dazzle was in the hands of Mr. W. J. Holloway, and Mr. W. Keyiiolda was successful as usual as Charles Courtly, while Max Harkaway was creditably riiulered by Mr. Lawrence. The curtain was ruised at the close of the piece, and Kiss Dargon received a shower of bouquets. Tti-uight she appears in the drama of ' Ireland as it 'Was,' in which she shonld be seen to very great advantage. Mis Dargon's season continues for another week, nhtu she will be succeeded by Mr. George Rignold, who is on board the Victorian on his way from Melbourne. He is to make his first a ppearnnce on Mondar. July 5, in the part of Henry the Fifth. Adelaide Main Sewer. — Tenders have been received by the Public 'Works Department for : he construction of the Adelaide main sewer. The sewer will follow the northtrn line of rail way beyond North Adelaide, keeping inside the boundaries of the railway property, and will not interfere with private land with one trifling ??xception. The approximate site of the pro posed sewage farm will be the locality known hs Tam O'Shanter Belt, some distance to the left of the railway Hue. The site is considered by the Hydraulic En gineer to he very suitable for the purposes for which it is intended, and it lias the advantage of cheapness over the piece of land recommended by Mr. Clark, C.E. The latter site is valued at £75 per acre, while the best portions of the selected locality are not worth moie than £20 per acre. It is, however, asserted by Dersons who know the character of the land at Tam O'Shanter Belt, that the sand does not go to any depth, and that there is a subsoil of clay underneath. If, therefore, the sewage is simply to be deposited on the farm it is feared the effluvia will be something terrible, and that the health not only ef the residents of Hindm↱ and Bowden, but of North Ade laide, will be injuriously affected. The first consignment of cement is expected to arrive in about ten days, and the work will commence as soon as the contract is signed. No tender has as yet been accepted. Thust ahb Agescy Cohfast of Sorra Atstraxia. — A preliminary meeting of those persons interested in the formation in South Australia of a Society similar in its objects to those which have for many years been in opera tion at the Cape of Good Hope was held at White's Arbitration Room on Friday afternoon : the Hon. Joseph Fisher, ML.C, in the chair. The prospects and objects of the Society were discussed at some length, and finally the meet ing was adjourned for three weeks-, in order to make farther arrangements for commencing the operation* of the Society, Crrr Cotsch.— A special meeting of the City Council was held in the Council Chamber on Friday afternoon, June 27, there being pre sent the Mayor and all the Councillors, except Councillors King, Raphael, and Heyne. The Mayor reported having waited on the Commis sioner of Public Works that morning, accom panied by the members for the city, Councillor Hagedorn, and the Town Clerk, regarding the proposed appropriation of the Park Lands by the Government. The first part of the interview was rather unsatisfactory, and he thought Mr. Peacock's remark that the Council had acted injudiciously in calling a meeting before con sulting the city members was undeserved. The result of their action had been that the Govern ment proposed to ask the Council to give them a lease for fifteen years, with a right of renewal, of the land on the 'West Park Lands. With reference to the piece of land on which the waterworks were now kept, the lease would be required for a much longer duration; in fact there seemed to be very little possibility of the land being given up at all, as it was re quired for the purposes for which it was granted. The Commissioner had stated that no place would be erected upon the fifteen acres except the sheds to cover the cement and a fence to protect the pipes. Fifteen acres appeared to be a large area, but the immense number of pipes would require a large piece of land to be stacked upon. Seeing that the matter had assumed the Bhape it had, he thought it would be best to lay it in that light before that evening's meeting, and ask them to let it stand over until the Bill as altered was placed in their hands. Councillor Claxton said he would oppose any adjournment. The Government had adopted the same pro cedure when they got the land for the water works. He would go in for giving them hnlf the portion of land they desired. Councillor Hagedorn endorsed what the Mayor had said, and stated that he thought the meeting should wait until it had something tangible before it in the shape of the altered Bill. At present they had nothing to work upon. Councillor Richard son thought the Government carried on a system of hoodwinking the citizens. He objected to the meeting being adjourned, and thought the citizens should speak out as to how they felt on the subject, and when the Government saw the views of the citizens they would be guided by them. Councillor Holland agreed with Councillor Richardson, and aftar some further discussion the matter lapsed. Councillor Fuller then moved — 'That fresh advertisements be inserted in the daily papers, inviting offers for the bonds of the Corporation, bearing interest at the rate of £5 per centum per annum, and also inviting for the same bond' if bearing £6 per centum per annum, such offers to be sent in by Monday, July 7, 1879.' Councillor Hagedorn seconded, and the motion was carried unanimously. Councillor Fuller moved, and Councillor Richardson seconded — ' That on behalf of this Council the Mayor and the Town Clerk be authorized to interview the Manager of the Savings Bank for the purpose of explaining the position of the Council in reference to the offer of the Savings Bank for the bonds of thi* Corporation, and also to intimate the proposed future action of this Council in reference thereto, and to report thereGn at the next meeting of the Council.' The motion was carried unanimously, after which the Council adjourned. Meeting of Citizbns.— In the Town Hall on Friday evening, June 27, . a meeting of the citizens was called to consider the proposal which the Government had made in a Bill now before Parliament to appropriate two portions of the Park Lands for drainage and waterworks purposes. Only about two hundred persons were present, it having previously become known that the Government intended to with draw the present Bill and merely seek for th= lease and not the fee-simple of the land. Th - Mayor, who presided, having made a statement aa to the changed position of affairs, a general motion was carried, affirming that the Govern ment have no right to appropriate portions of the Park Lands as they proposed to do. After wards Mr. Grainger called attention to the fact that the Government intend to make a devia tion in the line of the main sewer, and a motion was passed protesting against the acceptance of any tender for the construction of the drainage works until the citizens have been consulted in the matter. Accident at Kaxgaroo Island.— A man Darned William Short was admitted to the Hos pital on Friday evening, suffering from severe injuries to his left hand, which, be had received at Kangaroo Island, owing to the bursting of a gun. Racbs fob Acgtjst 6. — A meeting of members of the Adelaide Hunt Club was held on Friday, Jnne 27, at the Globe Hotel, and agreed to accept the offer made by Mr. S. Barnard in regard to a day's racing at Morphettviile for the Duke of Edinburgh's Birthday. A programme containing three hunt races and three open one* was drawn up. The events are a Hunters' Handicap Hurdle Race, of 25 sovs., two miles ; the Royal Handicap, of 50 sovs., one mile and a quarter; the Hunt Club Steeplechase, of 30 9OV9., two and a' half miles ; a Selling Race, of 25 sovs., one mile; the Hunt Club Weltar Handicap, of 19 sovs., one mile and three quarters ; and a Handicap Flutter, of 25 sovs.. the distance being half a mile. CHABTBHnra A STBA31EB TO ATTBHD AH Inqub&t.; — The Jury at the inquest held neir Mannum on Wednesday, June 25, requested the Coroner (Mr. J. W. Walker, J J?.) to draw the Attorney-General's attention to the fact that they had had to come from Mannum, a distance of over twenty miles, and that having no other means of reaching the station they are compelled to charter a steamer for that purpose and to pay the cost out of their own pockets. Had the steamer not been lying at Manuum it was im possible to say how they could have reached the place, it! being so distant and out of the way. The Coroner promised that he would comply with their request. Astronomical. — On referring to our weekly calendar it will be seen that next Monday night a very close conjunction of Mars and Saturn will take place, the apparent distance of the two planets at the time being but about 0° 1' of arc, or, more correctly, as calculated by Mr. Todd, 0° 1' 13', as stated by him in a paper upon the subject read before the Philosophical Society, June 3. Of course it is just possible that at the time of conjunction the Earth may be so situated as that Mars should appear projected upon the disc of Saturn, but the probabilities against such an occurrence are very great. The conjunction of these two planets takes place at average intervals of about two years and four days ; but on account of the inclination of their orbits to each other and to that of the Earth it is not at all probable that they will again appear in such close proximity as on Monday night for very many years to come. Rifle Match.— The following are the scores of a match which was fired between the Redhill and Narridy Rifle Companies, and resulting in favour of the former by 43 points : — BEDIIIT.I- ItlFL* COMPANY. Yds.— 200 250 S00 400 Ttl. Captain Peryman ? 13 23 23 Zi— S3 Lieut. Eobertson ? 22 24 22 23— 98 Wa«1dell ? 23 23 25 19— 90 Sergeant Reynolds ? 20 2-5 15 27— 101 Private McFarlane ? 21 20 24 25— 99 XAKKIDY KI1T.E C0MTANT. Captain Weston ? 23 17 22 23- S5 Lieut Brock ? 2« 24 27 25—100 Bobcrte ? 22 27 27 27-103 Private Porter ? 14 20 13 13— G5 Mack ? 17 21 13 23— 76 429 Total pcints in favour of the Itedhill Company, 43. Thk Academy of Mcsic. — On Friday even ing Messrs. Baker and Farron took their benefit, on which occasion ' Lisa Eccles' was repeated to a crowded attendance. In the course of the performance Mr. Farron thanked the Adelaide public for the liberal patronage that had been extended to Sir. Baker and himself during their stay in this city, and added that the company had been better appreciated in Adelaide than in any of the other colonies. They had arranged with the lessee to perform five more nights previous to their departure for Melbourne, and they hoped to visit Adelaide again previous to leaving for America. u Struck OiF is the bill for to-night, and next week the new * Conrad and Lizette' will be produced. The Melbocbnb Steamers. — A telegram from Kingston states that the s.s. Victorian, en route from Melbourne to Adelaide, had been obliged to put in there for shelter. A passenger by the s.s. South Australian, which sailed hence on Wednesday, has telegraphed from Melbourne, stating the steamer made the voyage in thirty two hou3, being the fastest passage on record. Thh Adelaide Footballers. — The steamer South Australian with the South Australian Football representatives on board arrived in Melbourne on Friday morning. A telegram states that they were welcomed by the Mayor at the Town Hall. Pout Land CbsirANT.— We hear that this Ccmpany has just declared a dividend of £1 per share. : , ? ??,,???.??.. ...... ? The Lowdon Wool Sales.— The following telegram respecting the wool sales in London has been received from the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, Limited, dated London, June 21 :— ' Wool.— The sales closed at an average improvement of id. to Id. on last salea' prices. Scoured and 'superior greasy have advanced Id. per lb. since clcse of last sales. Lambs' and superior greasy crossbred, market firmer. The sales comprise about 290,000 bales; 30,000 bales have been held over for future disposal ; 190,000 bales have been taken for export.' Messrs. R. Goldsbroagh & Co. also report having received the following telegram regarding the wool sales, dated London, June 20, 1S79:— 'Wool sales closed, the total quantity catalogued being 310,000 bales, of which 290,000 were sold. Prices hardened 5 per cent, since the series commenced ; closing prices firm. Purchases for the Continent have been large. GreaSy descrip tions show the greatest advance. Prices for Western fleece are low.' ADDEE88 TO TEE ElIFHROB OF GBESIAXY. — The following is a copy of the address which the German colonists of South Australia intend sending to their Majesties the Emperor and Empress of Germany in congratulation of their golden wedding: — wThe undersigned Germans in South Australia, still bearing true love for their dear home and its Imperial ruler, cannot allow the jubilee of the golden wedding of your Majesties to pass, which by God the Almighty's visible grace ^ou celebrate this day, without expressing their feelings for your Imperial Majesties. They join these in the sincerest prayers of their heart — 'May the richest fatherly blessing of the Almighty be bestowed on Ger many's heroic Emperor and the Empress now and for the future, in their exalted children and grandchildren, for the welfare of pur dear Fatherland.' May it please your Majesties to accept these wishes, rendered in truest love and unlimited devotion. Adelaide, South Australia, June 11, 1879.' Toltjhteeb Items. — The captain for the week is Captain Le M. Gretton, and the subaltern Lieutenant Durieu. A and B Troops of Mounted Rifles are to be formed into one troop, to be called ' A' Troop, under command of Captain Hemmingway. The ColonelCom mandant has given permission for officers to have the loan of Martini-Henry rifles or carbines to practise with, provided they give bonds for them. Two men from each company of infantry are to be selected for pioneers, the men to be taken from the following trades: — Carpenters, bricklayers, smiths, masons, plumbers, and painters. Colonel Downes will give a lecture on ' Applied Field Fortifications' at the Model School, Grote-street, on Wednesday next. ' A' Company of the Adelaide Rifles (Captain Fiance) are to class-fire at Dry Creek this after noon. ' Arrangements have been made to enable the men to fire during the whole of the day. Aebival of mohb Immigrants. — The ship Holmsdale with a full complement of immi grants arrived on Friday. The list of names will be found elsewhere. St. Peter's Cathedral. — To-morrow being the anniversary of the laying of the foundation stone of the Cathedral, a communion service will be held at 8 a.m., matins and choral cele bration at 10.30, and evensong at 6.45. At the last- mentioned service the anthem 'Rejoice greatly,' by Henry Gadsby, will be sung. Royal Agricultural Socibtt. — A meeting of the Committee of Management of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held in the offices of the Society on Friday, June 27, and the report of the committee recently ap pointed for the purpose of considering the advancement of the agricultural interests of South Australia, and drawing up suggestions to the Government to that end, was again brought forward. After some discussion it was decided that a deputation, consisting of the President, Yice-President, Secretary, and all the members of the committee, should wait upon the Com missioner of Crown Lands at an early date to urge that immediate action be taken to give practical effect to the objects sought to be attained in the suggestions made by the com mittee. Presentation to the Rev. A. Scales. — A tea meeting to bid farewell to the Rev. A. Scales on his departure for a neighbouring colony, and to present him with a testimonial of repect, was held in the Stow Church Lecture Hall on Friday evening, June 27. There were about forty persons present, and the Rev. W. R. Fletcher occupied the chair. Apologies for absence were received from a number of persons who would have been glad to be present to show their regard for Mr. Scales. After the Rev. G. Manthorpe had offered prayer the Chairman said a few words expressive of the respect in which Mr. Scales was held, and regret at his departure, and called upon the Rev. F. W. Cox to make the presentation. Mr. Cox, having described his feelings in carrying out the wishes of the Com- mittee of the Congregational Union, and spoken of the wide-felt respect for Mr. Scales by all denominations, presented him with a bag con- taining £140. That amount was not to be con- sidered final, as Mr. Scales's departure, which would take place earlier than was expected, had rendered it necessary to close the matter sooner than they intended to do. Expressions of regard, affection, and respect were uttered by the Rev. C. Manthorpe ; the Rev. J. Lyall, who on behalf of the Presbyterian Church spoke of the services rendered by Mr. Scales to that Church; Messrs. H. Dean, one of the deacons of Stow Church; F. Caterer, of Glenelg Church; C. Smedley, one of the deacons of Hindmarsh- square Church; and J. F. Conigrave, in the absence of the Rev. O. Copland, of the North Adelaide Church. Mr. W. D. Glyde spoke of the widely spread regard in which Mr. Scales was held by the general society. The rev. gentle- man, in accepting the gift, thanked his friends in terms of profound feeling. Several of those present expressed their regret at the departure of Mrs. Scales and family. YoxmG Mes's Chhistian Association.— We understand that the Board of Management of the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Associa tion have arranged to lease from Sir Thomas Elder the large store in Gawler-place known as Messrs. J. A. Holden k Co.'s old warehouse. The premises will need certain alterations to adapt them to the purposes of the Association, and Mr. Frost, the architect, has been instructed to carry them out. We understand that the Board intend to have reading, recreation, and smoking: rooms. There is a good large room which can be used for lectures and entertain ments, and outside there is sufficient accommo dation for a good gymnasium, which it is pro poaed to erect. Immigrants bt the Holmsdale. — The single women by this ship were landed at the Port on Friday evening, and at once proceeded to town by train. To-day's Meet. — The Hunt Club appear to have the faculty of finding a way where at first sight everything might seem to threaten ' No road.' This afternoon, within view the whole time of roads, and so to speak almost coasting the bricks-and-mortar, the hounds will be able to show how fields are won, possibly how saddles are lost. From the Caledonian to Schneider's paddocks, through Lower North Adelaide and Walkeirille, some twenty fences, good and true, bar tfce way. But we have no doubt at the finish many will be there who were at the start. But in hunting as in war he that putteth on his armour cannot boast as he that taketh it off. We are glad to report that the Master will be again in the pigskin — more attractive, no doubt, than parchment ; and we learn that it was only enforced absence elsewhere that sentenced him to inaction last Saturday. Spectators should get in a good \ position for a start from the Cale donian for the east or North Adelaide, and then steer where they can command the enclo sures bounding the diagonal road which leads riverwards. Thence the line goes through WalkerviJJe and across the river to Schneider's. The Crops ix the Xorth.— A gentlomar. just down from the North informs the Jamas toirn Revieir that the springing crops are looking very well from Coonatto to Belalie. In a few exposed spots it is possible that frosts might do mischief, but not much fear is felt on this score. Art. — We have been shown a first effort at oil painting by Mr. F. 0. Coombs. It is a copy of a picture of one of the lakes in Cumberland. It is somewhat crude, but gives evidence of artistic taste, and with study and practice Mr. Coombs will produce something more worthy of admiration. Grs Accu-E5T. — Richard Wakefield, {a resi dent of Moonta Mines, met with a seriong accident whilst ont shooting on Tuesday, the 24th instant. He had placed a cap on the nipple of his gun, and the left lock cocked, whilst he proceeded to put in another charge, when by some means the hammer fell and the charge exploded, badly shattering his hand. Doctors James and Archer (nays the Y. P. 'Advertiser) deemed it necessary to amputate the thumb of his right hind, which was accordingly done. ' ' I . _; ' ' ' , ' . ... ...'.,' GovHBJOTEirr Texdbbs.— The following ten Jers were received at the Surveyor- General's Dflice on Friday:— Excavation of Kadina Re iervoir, nine tender?, lowest H. Gray ; clearing *oad,] Hundreds of Koolywurtie and Curra nulka, thirteen tenders, lowest E. J. Barker ; bearing road, Hundreds of Minlacowie, Kooly ivnrtie, and Curramulka, eleven tender?, lowest E. Tossell. A Laup on Fiee.— On Friday tvenin?, shortly Lfter 6 o'clock, the kerosine in the lamp at the rorner of King William and Currie streets, -pposite the Bank of Australasia, by some neans became ignited. It fiarad away for tome minutes, and then some one arrived with a ladder and extinguished the flame, but lot before it had completely spoiled the lamp itself. The Vivian Costpant.— On Monday night, lext White's Booms will be opened tor a season jy the Vivian Comedy Company, which has [ust arrived by way of the 'South-East from Victoria. Their entertainment comprises iharacter sketches, petite comedies, singing, and lancing. They will be assisted by an efficient irehestra, including Mr. Wilkins as cornet loloist. The Fatal Accident hbab Qrbohoo.— The Tam estoicn Remtto of June 26 gives the follow ing particulars respecting this accident : — ' On Saturday evening iast Mr. William Frazer, late nail-driver on the Hallett and Orroroo roads, ras found dead on the road between Orroroo tod Mr. Potts's farm. It appears that he must lave been thrown from a horse and broken his ieck, death being, of course, instantaneous. Stir. Frazer leaves a widow and family, who are mturally quite prostrated by guch a terrible salamity, and the regret and sympathy of the ;eneral public is sincere and widespread, as the leceased was well and very favourably known. Dhere is an ugly rumour current that a man 3rove past the deceased in a buggy, and saw aim lying apparently dead on the road, but did not think it necessary to get down and see whether he were alive or no, but drove straight ju to Orroroo and reported the matter. For the sake of common decency and humanity we lope this report is unfounded, as. if true, hardly my censure could be severe enough for such heartless conduct.' State of Trade at Gawler. — Depression in trade (says the Bunyip) still continues, and ippears likely to increase, as there are rumours that (the Victoria Mills close shortly. Should this happen the unemployed in onr midst will be numerous. There have never been so many shops to let in this town as at present, fourteen being the number of those empty in Murray« street alone. Accident with Dynamite —Two lads named Quintrell and Kemp, of Moonta Mines, obtained by some means some dynamite, blasting powder, and dynamite caps, which they proceeded to ex plode by throwing some fire on the collected materials from a short distance. They suc ceeded (says the Yorkc's Peninsula Advertistr) in obtaining an explosion, but unfortunately were not far enough off to be out of danger, and Kemp bad' his leg severely injured, whilst Quintrell was hurt about the chest. Attempted Assassination of aw Actor. — In an American paper of April 24 there is an account of the attempt to assassinate Mr. Edwin Booth, the tragedian, at Vicker's Theatre, Chicago. Mr. Booth's statement of the affair is, ' that on the evening of April 23 he was performing in ' Richard III.' to a large audience, and bad just begun the soliloquy in the hist act when he heard a pistol shot, to which he paid no attention, thinking it an accident. A second shot followed, and on looking up he saw a man sitting at the lower corner of the gallery on the right side of the house, cocking his revolver again. It then occurred to him that the man was either drunk or mad, and was firing recklessly, bat he did not imagine that he was himself being shot at. Fearing, however, that his wife, who was behind the scenes, would be frightened at the disturbance, Mr. Booth left the stage in order to quiet her, and soon afterwards returned and finished the play, when he was informed that the man had been arrested, and had confessed he wished to kill Mr. Booth, having been waiting for three years for the chance to do so. The scene in the theatre was one of great excitement. The audience appeared not to understand the signi ficance of the first shot, but when the second was fired confusion seized the whole as sembly. The people rose to their feet, and looking in the direction where the shot came from, guided by Mr. Booth, wbo pointed to the man from the stage, called for his arrest. This was speedily accomplished, and the intended assassin taken to the police station, where he stated that his name was Mark Gray, and that he was a dry goods clerk at St. Louis, and added that he had in tended, to kill Mr. Booth for some time, on account of an injury done to him, but de clired \o give details as to the nature of the injury.' Letters were found upon him which indicated that he was insane.' SULPHVB A3 A CCBB FOB DIPHTHERIA.— The Ceylon Observer, in copying the following para graph from the Colonies and India, says :— ' We cannot help noticing the curious coincidence that sulphur should come prominently into notice at once as the most potent remedy for fungi which affect the higher vegetation and those which, engendered in dirt, prove so fatal to human life. The loss which the nation has sustained in the affecting death of Her Royal Highness Princess Alice has caused more than ordinary interest to attach to the nature of the terrible disease to which she has succumbed and to the possible remedies for it. In Canada, apd we believe also in Ceylon, the following simple remedy has been adopted with successful results;. and we have the less hesitation in giving publicity to the alleged mode of cure since it has already been tried on a small scale in this country under the advice of an English nurgeon, and because a few simple experiments conducted with proper precautions would speedily demonstrate its value. A teaspoonful of ' flour of '.brimstone' in a wineglassful of water, carefully mixed till it is completely amalgamated, may be used as a gargle if the patient is strong enough to adopt this remedy. In extreme cases, where the disease has extended too] far to admit of the use of the gargle, the inhalation of the fumes of burning brimstone, or holding the head in such a way as to allow them to penetratejto the throat, is recommended. A Canadian surgeon, indeed, has adopted the extreme course of taking a small quantity of the powdered sulphur in a quill and puffing it into the throat. The effect of the sulphur is to kill the fungus, which by spreading over the throat would eventually suffocate the patient. No harm can result from swallowing a small ciuantity of the sulphur, which, if applied at the first symptoms ei diphtheria, might arrest the spread and effect the early cure of the disease. The danger of inducing irritation in the throat and consequent coughing, must of course be guarded against, especially when administering the dry powder : but there is less likelihood of this when the remedy is applied in an early stage of the disease. In this, as in all other cases of disease, ' prevention is better than cure.' Diphtheria is generally directly traceable to organic poisoning from sewers or drains or similar sources,1 and the avoidance of these fertile sources of evil is one of the principal problems of the age in all countries and climes ; but where the infection is unhappily contracted the adoption of a simple remedy like that above described is worthy the attention of the medical profession.' In Search for thb Almighty Dollib.— In our issue of December 21 we stated (says the Australasian Shipping Xevu) that the Peter Mitchell, a schooner of tmall tonnage, had been chartered at Xew York for the purpose of proceeding on a salvaging expedition to the place where the San Pedro de Alcantara, with upwards of 55,000,000, sank more than seventy years ago. The speculation seemed to have hung fire for a while, but we now observe that on April 12 a brig named the Gipay sailed from New York, with all the necessary tools and appliances on board. Chinese Immigration in Canada.— We learn from a contemporary that a special Parlia mentary Committee at Ottawa is about] to enquire into the subject of Chinese immigra tion into the Dominion. A petition from British Columbia states that ont of the total population of that province— 25,000, exclusive of Indians — one-fourth arc Chinese, there being 3,000 domestic servants, 1,000 gold miners, 500 gardeners, 300 labourers, 150 shoemakers, 100 tailors, 100 employed in the fisheries, and 50 pedlars; only four Chinamen own real estate in the province. The petition states that not only do the Chinese monopolize labour, but they Bend almost every dollar out of the country; that they exclude a good class of immigrants, violate the Sabbath, pay only a email portion of their share of taxation, con tribute to no charitable institutions, and the snm of their iniquities is made np by their acquiescence in a diet of rats ami mice. 