ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY. JONE 3, 1870. As we have already intimated, there can be no doubt that the Ministry have re- ceived a serious blow in the rejection of Mr. Bring. Not much appears in the metropolitan Press on the subject, but there are indications that ex-Ministers are fully conscious of the advantage they possess in commanding the services of apparently the only possible Attorney General in the colony.. The curt and evasive replies of Ministers to fishing questions asked by members of the Opposition on Thursday last also betray a sensitiveness which shows that their path is not free from difficulty. The question really has now become whether no set of men shall under any cir- cumstances be permitted to rule the colony who are not associated with Mr. Griffith. That honourable gentleman has just retired after nearly five years' term of office, during which he has been guilty-with his associates of misdeeds and mistakes which necessi- tated his and their exclusion until the political atmosphere has been purified by a thorough change of administration. Vet the new Ministry, though praising a large majority in a new House, found themselves immediately confronted with the chronic difficulty which fias beset all Queensland Cabinets who have not^had the. good fortune to secure either 'Mr. Lilley or his successor, Mr. Griffiths. Mr. Thompson' had claims upon the present Ministerial party, as an experienced and consistent politician, . which could not apparently be set aside; but the - influence of the bar, both inside and outside Parliament, seems'to have' prevented his appoint- ment as Attorney-General, although no statutory prohibition' stood in the way. At any rate, Mr. Thompson was ap- pointed Ministet for Justice only, and Consequently hid not the Parliamentary standing as legal adviser of the Govern- ment, which as Attorney-General he could have claimed. But the difficulty of the Government día not end here.. Painful domestic afflic- tion appears to have prevented Mr. Thompson from fulfilling the delicate and responsible duties of his office. Since his appointment he is understood to have been chiefly in another colony, but up to the sitting of Parliament it was still hoped that he would be able to take his seat. That hope, however, was evidently disappointed, for the Governor's Speech had been scarcely delivered when the office of Minister for Justice was declared vacant and Mr. Pring was gazetted Attorney-General. This was a misfor- tune to the Ministry, whatever it may be deemed to the colony, and the Opposi- tion saw the advantage they had gained. Mr. Pring's re-election was determinedly opposed, and the whole strength of their party in the metropolis concentrated for the infliction of a fatal blow. The Telegraph announced that four ex Ministers had guaranteed ^"IOOO towards Mr. Beanie's election expenses ; the report was repeated in the House and never denied; and our advices inform us that the assurance was actually given at Mr. Maurie's pre- liminary committee- meeting. We are further informed that twenty ol the discharged workmen were brought down from Ipswich and sent to can- vass the working men of the Valley. Under these circumstances it is not sur- prising that Mr. Pring's election was in serious danger, or that the Government so far yielded to the pressure as to bring the pending negotiations for building the dredge at Smellie's Foundry to a speedy close. Wc do not blame them for this decision, but it would have been better to withhold the announce ment until the election had closed. Messrs. Smellie, it appears, had reduced their price and their time, and more- over, offered to employ at once all the good men discharged from the Ipswich shops, about whose sad-fate daily lamen, talions were being made in th* Assembly to the loss of valuahlc lime, Theseconsidentionsrn\isthnvefmnished ? sirong temptation lo Ministers, and it ii possible lli.it they considered the accep- tance of Messrs. Smellie's tenderas a step which i! would have been impiu lent tn del >y -.vhen rn much electioneer inc rapital was being nia.'e on its accouni by political opponents. However, what ever the object, the working tuen went for P.Í-IUK-. nn-! Ministers no«' find thy ii tipjuiiy t: doced by one, while thc Opposition make an equal gain. Ac- cording to our calculation, the numbers, stand now «t thirty to twenty-four in a;f full House ; soothe Government hav|; still a good . working majority, and have' no reason to apprehend that further changes will occur duringXhe^ession to. their disadvantage. The Jwpposition suffer from the possession''of several members whose, votes cati, never be relied on in a test division, and whose political character . is not such as to add weight to their parly tn the House. The situation of the Government there- fore, is not discouraging, and were the difficulty connected with the Law depart- ment surmounted, they might unfold their policy without apprehension. Indeed, there is no doubt that the Treasurer's speech, to be delivered to- morrow, will have a reassuring effect. We shall expect the Ministerial policy to be strictly consistent with the past, and shall he much disappointed indeed if the works foreshadowed in the want of censure motion last July be not fully provided for, although there will natu- rally be some modification of the figures, through Mr. M'llwraith's policy having beenpartlyprovidedfbrbythe.lateGovern ment in the 180,000 loan recently ne- gotiated. Turning to Hansard of.24th July last, we find the then }eader of the Opposition thus proposed to appropriate his ^3,000,000 loan : Main lines of railway ... £1,020,000 Branch railways . 350,090. Defence of the colony ... 30,000 Water-supply and drainage... 300,000 Harbours anil rivers.' 200,000 Immigration ... ... 200,000 £3,000,000 We do not accept the conclusion which has been absurdly drawn, that because the Government have been re- trenching therefore they haye abandoned their bold public works policy they enunciated in Opposition. Nothing of the kind. Our opinion is that it is because they intend to borrow.largely that they have been impelled to establish an equilibrium in the ordinary budget. How can the Treasurer hope to face the London money market successfully with a deficit of ^200,000-nearly one-third the entire taxation revenue of the colony -unless he can demonstrate that"such deficit will speedily be extinguished either by economy or. - increase o.f revenue ? It is not a little surprising to find persons who claim the possession of intelligence insisting that money must be lavished on unnecessary, works simply because there is a credit loan balance in the Treasury. Yet the public are led away by such reasoning, and the Govern- ment are covered with an unpopularity which they do not at all deserve. As a matter of fact they save in order (hat they may be in a good position to borrow and subsequently to spend. TBS motion brought forward Itt the législa- tive Assembly by Mr. Meston, for leave t$ introduce « bill to repeal Manning'* Botire ment Act, was allowed - to, pass merely at a matter of form j es it was Coasidered- that to,, reject it would be establishing a bad prec^denf; ^by prejudging a bill 1>efora its content^ were knópn to the, House. Thc nattfro of fte*" bill. was,, however, sufficiently! ex- plained by Mr. Meston, who said that what was proposed in the measure be wished to see passed was contained in the following paragraph-evidently (lie clause of the bill :-" The said Arthur Wilcox: Manning shall be deemed to be employed in the Civil Service of the Colony, and shall be' cntííuM . to the sanie 'rights and privileges as' he would have been entitled to ii tba said Act had not been passed and he had continued in .suob service at a Balary of £600 per annum from the passing of. the statute to the present time.*' The mover said be simply desired that if Mr. Manning were capable of performing his duties he should return to the colony some service for the money he was receiving. It.was, he said, a gross 'fraud on the colony to expect it tc pay £600 a-year to a man who was living in New South Wales and performed duties there, whilst he was just as able to perform similar duties in this colony. This view met with & considerable 'amount of sympathy from the House, and two or three hon. members went so far as to defend the principle of the bill, but the general feelilg, as expressed by leading members on both sides, was that, however questionable might be the wisdom of granting Manning the pension, the grant had been formally made by statutory enactment, and the pension could not be set saide without thc colony being guilty of repudiation. Conflicting statements were made respecting the condition of Mr. Manning's health, but that is an affair with which thc Legislature bus really nothing to do. Mr. Garrick spoke well on this point, wben he said :-" He looked upon the case of Mr. Manning as ono by which the House inifrht learn experience for tho future. If Mr. Manning was able to perform certain duties and refused to come to tins colony to perform them, he quito agreed with the hon. member for Rosewood that it was extremely unfair for him to receive money from thc colony. It was, how- ever, entirely a matter of taste and honour on the part of Mr. Manning, and that was all. He assumed the statement of thc hon. member to be correct, that Mr. Manning was as well able to perform his duties as before he met with the accident ; but at thc same time he was disposed to look upon the Act as one which the House could not alter. » » » It was au Act which they could not in honour repeal, as it involved a distinct agreement." Mr. Manning doubtless received serions bodily injuries from the hands of Mr. Bowerman, and suffered the ill effects of those injuries for some years-possibly has not yet completely rc coveredfromthem. But hcisextremcly fortunato in enjoying a pension of £000 a-year-eqnal to the full amount of his salary as Under-Colonial Secretary, whilst the Manniutr Retirement Act not only seenres this pension to him during his lifetime, but in case "of his death before that of "his present wife, Hester Manning" thc widow will during her lifetime receive an annual pension of £300 a-year. Thc Act was passed in haste, and may be repented of at leisure. A Tr.i.i:t;>!AM received from Brisbane yestcr I <Uy l«y til« local Postmaster, notifies thrt an altération has 1'ceii effected in the' Clermont and OpporhVM tiino-tablo, The mails will leave those places a day later than nt present, and arrive here on Wednesday End Saturday instead of Tuesday anil Fri,lay. thus giving the residents at Clermont and (Copperfield an extrusion of time in v'iicli ti» rr.j.lv to corres- pondence, a boon whijli they will (loi:-it?rps appreciate. iF.&kffiSO; nj*n are(«minded that the weight« jór^tbe Bínkliampton handicapa will be ídejjjjjred vttfâight, - at eight1 o'clock, st tho Cr^rion ftAe!."** r ^ notified by advertisement, all claims (or j supplies, rations, ito., in connection with the Volunteer encampment, will be paid at thc aipyury,jonThür/da}jiftqrnjoñ" . >.. -j'«j THE annual ppblip meeting ,in( connection with the Primitive Methodist School will be held in the Church, Fït/roy-street, this even- ing, at half-past teven o'olock. ? THERE was a very good house at the Theatre jBoyal last nigh): to see the represen tatton of "The Lancashire lass."' Miss Stevenson asButned the character of Ruth Kirby, the Lancashire Lass, with the versatility and power for which the fair actress is remarkable. Mr. Hesford was also exceedingly good as Johnmn, and Miss Patty Holt excelled her usually good acting in her delineation of Kate Garstone. The drama ia interesting, and con- cludes with an acme of sensation that should satisfy the most exacting in this particular. The various characters generally were well cast, and the flay weet off with great'spirit throughout. To-night tho same drama is to bc repeated, and it should draw a good house. A MOTION stands on the business paper of the Legislative Assembly, in the name of Mr. Kates, one of the members for Darling Downs, affirming thc desirableness of presenting an address to the Governor, praying that the sum of £180,000 may be placed on the next Loan Estimates for the construction of branch railways-from Killarney, through the farm- ing districts of Swan ana Freestone Creeks, to Warwick Railway Station ; from Leyburn, through the farming districts of Clifton, Back Plains, to Greenmount Bailway Station ; and from Allora to Hendon. Three branch lines in one distriot IB rather too much of a good thing, but it may be'that Mr. Kates asks for three in the hope of getting one. Several other members are bringing forward motions in reference to branch lines. THE motion brought forward in the Legis- lative Assembly in reference to the Railway workshops, and allowed to pass as formal, was as followB :-" That there be laid upon the itable fil this -House, j» return showing-<1) The names of all persons employed in the eeveral departments of the Hallway workshops at Ipswich and Rockhampton, respectively, on the 1st of May, 1879 ; <2) the nature of the employment of each «ach person, the date of his fiflft appointment, and the name of the Minister by whom bis appointment was authorised ; and (3) the names of all such persons who have since been discharged." 1 A motion, of which Mr. Rea had given notice, relating to tilt Rockhampton Railway work- shops only was withdrawn, aa its object was embraced ia Hf. Griffith's motion, which Iud been put and-Çaaaed, WE have pleasure tn acknowledging the receipt of a taiteflBty got up pamphlet of 128 pages, entitled "David Clarke's Illustrated Queensland Annual," printed by Messrs. G. and J. Black, Brisbane. Mr. Clarke, pf Warwick, by the liberal manner in which he \- advertises, bas become, famous not only in Australia, but also in California, and the present essay is an evidence that his enter- prise is not confined to the druggist line, in : wb|cb he is better known amongst us. "The Queensland Annual is sn advertising medium, containing also interesting and tueful infor- mation to the squatter, farmer, and free selector. The publication of ancb a cata- logue for gratuitous . distribution ia a venture of which Warwick may well be proud, vying, as it does, with some of the publications of the seed depots of the old country. Mr. Clarke has got many things to sell, and he Jets .people know it-the surest guarantee that his wares will be bought. We wish bim every success. ' A 8PE0UX. meeting of the Cdmmittee of the Port'Curtis and Leichhardt "District Hospital was held yesterday 'afternoon, at fonr o'clock, in the C|erk of, Petty Sessions' room, Couti House. The following gentlemen were present :- Captain Hunter (President), Messrs. J. Headrick <v*ice-Prealdent), W. J, Taylor, W. Pattison, W. G. Jackson, R. L, Dibdm.S.G.Hill.T. S.Hall, E.P. Livermore, T. T. Faunce (Hon.. Treasurer), A. FeovJ. Brown, H. Schmidt,. and Doctors Cal- laghan, Robertson, Salmond, Thon, and Campbell. The business of the meeting was to appoint a Resident Surgeon in thc place of Dr. Campbell, who has resigned witt the view of engaging in private practice. There were Beven applicants for the appoint mont, viz., Doctors R. H. Paterson, W. H, Dashwood, Patrick H. White, C. S. Hearn. C. M. Lacey, Graham Brown, and Beujamit Poulton. Mr. W. Pattison said he' thought il would be advisable, seeing that there were St many testimonials to consider, that, the choici should be left to a sub-committee of medica gentlemen, whose special knowledge woulc enable them, be had no doubt, to select i gentleman who would probably work har moniously with them and with the Committee If the appointment were left to the Com mittee he confessed he would bc inclined t vote for one of the gentlemen, and he might no be the best surgeon. The President said h could not agree with Mr. Pattison in leavin the appointment to the medical gcntlemci alone. As far aa be waa concerned be woul not delegate his authority as a member of t li Committee to any one. Mr. Pattison said i deference to the opinion of the President h would modify Ms proposition, and would no* move that the consideration of the testimonial be referred to a sub-committee composed c four members of the Committee (viz., th President, Vice-President, Hon. Trcasurci and Mr. Livermore) and three medica gentlemen to be chosen by themselves that they meet as early as possible, and re port to the Committee at a special meeting o Thursday, at four o'clock. Mr. Livermor said he quite agreed with Mr. Pattison motion except as to including his name ; an would suggest that "the mover "be snbsti tuted for his (Mr. Livermore's) name. On th motion of Mr. Hall, Mr. Pattison's name wit substituted for Mr. Livorinonj's. Mr. Dibdi seconded Mr. Pattison's motion, which amended as stated, was passed unanimously Dr. Salmond said there was one thing he ba liecn requested by his brethren to mcntini viz., the desirability of letting it be undei stood by the successful candidate that he WP not to engage in private practice. He tUougl thc occasion of the appointment was the mci favourable on which to come to *¡nch -a nivlirstfinding, which was only just to tl inombern of the profession in gceer.il orach'c Thc liieetiiiR then adjourned. We have sift uRccrtaineil tbnt the visiting surgeons of tl Hospital havo chosen Dre. Callaghan. Roh«« *nn, .md Salmond ;IB members of the jon Kuh-eommittcc, who will meet at the ollie uf thc President (Captain limitier) tili« aftci iiuou at three. A BILLIARD license was granted »(¡the Palios. Court yesterday? to James I^ejy of,the* ! Universal ^^t-strggtl ,j| ; ^ ( MK. ANDBEW'CKAW, Traffic Manage? on the Central Railway, was sworn in as a magis*v _ trate of the territory, before His Honor Judge Blake,.yesterday. <{tL¿ '? i A' »'? ' ll ON the 28th 51 ti mo, Thomas Houston, storekeeper, of Pppoerfiehi, ^was declared in- solvent on his own petition. The first meeting cf creditors in the estate las been fixed for the 19th June. . THE Catholic Total'Abstinence Society held last' night in the 'Derby^tKet.'School-room another «oirce-^-a form of entertainment which seems to bc increasingly appreciated.' Songs., recitations, instrumental music', and dancing diversified, the, Evening's-proceedings, which ! passed off with much pleasure to'those who 1 attended. The Society is doing » food work in counteracting thc numerous temptations to intemperance, and the means it adopts of interesting, the youthful mind in innocent amusements is well calculated to carry ont the object it has Sn view. THE usual quarterly sittings of the Central District Court commenced before Hii Honor Judge Blake yesterday morning at ten, Mr. P. Beal prosecuting on behalf of the (Drown. Alexander Wood was found guilty, the evi- dence being most conclusive, of obtaining money by means of a valueless cheque, and received a sentence of twelve months' hard labour in Brisbane gaol. The case against Samuel .louis' ' Prince, for breaches of the Insolvency Act, tbjate'being four counts, in, tlie indictment, twas partly.heard, whenthe Court rose at five.' The farther bearing cf : the evidence will be resumed this morning'fit ten, the défendant meanwhile being admitted to bail, there being no objection on the part of the Crown. ? ., ,., TUE entertainment entitled "Carlton's Ghost" opened last night* in :;the. School'of Arts to a fall house. The first part of the performance embraced songs, pleasingly ten- dered, by members of the 'company. Miss Violet BOBO, who has a . voice of considerable .compass and. sweetness, sang several. songs with much taste; and was deservedly encored. A' laughable sketch, entitled "Pat,1 the Bailiff," ' followed,. Mr. Clinton taking. Pat ' with amusing effect. ' "The Ghost".« brought in during this part of the entertainment, and as it is impossible 'to convey a correct im- pression of the spectre by a written descrip- tion1T* Miall not attempt it. It'is sufficient r to say tliat the illusion ie equally perfect and astonishing, the ghosts, which are eyidentjy embodied, disappearing instantaneously, changing characters-before the .eye,, and going through serial .evolutions ia a surprising 'manner. As a scientific novelty, the exhibi- tion'is well worth a visit. ¡ ' : AT the Police Court yesterday, before tfie Police Magistrate, one drunkard waa .fined Eve shillings; another, against whom two previous convictions were recorded,'twenty shillings ; 'ann "John" and "Tommy," '8o6th Sea Islanders, twenty and ten .shillings' respec , lively, with the usual ' alternatives. " Tommy," for roBistlpg - the pplicei was fined £2 or one month in gaol, both sentences to be concurrent. " Peter;''fined ten shillings for Cirnnkenness bt- forty-eight hours ia it he'celia, 'was further'1 Charged with assaulting the police^ and fined £5 of four months f mprisoh 'Tnént,' twenty ' shillings of ' jifjpe^ " ««'<?*b^ jp* resisting his arrest,- and ' twenty soil' lings br forty-eight ; hours' imprisonment for disorderly ; jbehayionr, jUie «entonces to be J oumulative.j. Another Kanaka named í'WjJly,'! 1 for resisting an arrest, £210s. or two' montos, »nd- for reste tmg tho pólice a similar'sum or tWO Triônths j thé' setíten'ces to be oamtllatîve.' tí appéárs'that'ón. Saturday. nig^l,1 abolit tën o'clock, .about »,-dozen K^p,akaa ore o6n,gre. gated at- the corner of bolsover .«ni .Fitwy streets, creating a disturbance, ismd on Gon stable Beattieiisiiteating ¡one of. them he was hit, < in i tbs. istomach, ""I had to obtain, the assistance of, two other constable^ -Hardy and Livingstone-to assist him. One islander was captured, and the remainder attempted a rescue, which resulted in the above prisoners being arrested. In the afternoon two other islanders, named, ".Tommy" Thom- son and "Charlie," were brought up before the Court charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm upon, a Chinese dealer named. Sing Yen Wah, residing in East- street. The ? constables secured the prisoners after a long chase, ' land on taking evidence as to the arrest the Bench remanded the prisoners until this morning. The fact that thäre were only three constables on duty on Saturday to_ quell the above-mentioned turbulent spirits fully demonstrates the necessity of our police force here being augmented. 7 DOCTORED GROO.-MR. SPRIGGS IN REPLY. -Mr. M. R. C. Spriggs, who was recently proceeded against in Brisbane for carrying on an illicit trade in the manufacture of spirituous liquors, has written to the Tele- graph, contradicting the many, vile rumours that have beeta circulated about him, and stating what Ms business was. ' He also states that numerous persons who were assumed to have been bis customers were really not so. ' This will help to remove thc suspicion attach- ! ing to certain firms of having been parchasen of doctored grog to supply the require- ments of their customers.-The totter is as follows :-Sir,-In your issue of Friday, 23rd instant, you again refer to me, and'I miiBt say that you have, from the first of thc affair, donc me a great injustice. I do not fora moment think thatyou didit wilfully, but you have gone on the principle " give a dog a bad name, ¿fcc," and I beg you will allow me space to point ont tb the public wherein an entirely wrong impression has boen made. Thc following facts go far to remove such impression :-I never made spirit of any kind; I never flavoured any spirit whatever, I never used white spirit, excepting in small quanti- ties not exceeding twenty gallons per month, and this for preserving the cordials made by me. There was not a drug or chemical found on my place, nor was ever in the place, that would make brandy, .gin, or any other liquors ; neither do I believe any person could make out of crude or Queens- land white spirit any liquor that would poss for those named without using a still, which I never had. The statement as to large quantities of spirits said to he sold by me is also '/n'-wvas the whole of my sales do not make an average shipment which often '-j comes from Melbourne to this market. Any of the gentlemen connected with thc proseen- , tiou will, I am sure, corroborate this state- ment, as all my books áhd papers have Ireen in their hands over two months, and these will prove I never sold, more brandy, &c;, than I paid duty on, which I submit is sufficient proof for anyone. What >l did was nothing more than this : I purchased and paiddutj' on j thc very best spirits I could get, took thc fusel oil out, bottled and sold it without a license. Vor this I have cruelly paid, my goods being seized and poid, law i xpenses JIS3T, and other hisses, mak- I ing a total over £1000| which should surely satisfy the law, and also my bitterest enemy. I nm trying to get a living, and pay honestly what I owe to my creditors, who would, under some rircumstances, have inno- cently suOurcd through mc, and 1 must sub- j - nit that it is not fair play to get fines so heavily as I have been, an£Hp feet |öiat through errors being circuUtefel am Wjjsblef jojo so. I got back my lioqjayfto., onJMthfi in&can; now account for the Huïnber oltber-^ ion named who were made out as purchaNM> Emin me, some nf whom I never heard of. I bought a day-book at second-hand, of which a Few ïeaves had been used, -which í-sewed up with a piece of twine ; it is for these leaves the names were obtained, and I hope all. persons so aggrieved will accept this explana- tion. I do no^:ptsad innooenceiorvlpflk for sympathy, but only want an Ensrlishman's heritage -fair play.-Yours, &c.;" I 