OH APTE R XXII. , THE BBCTOn's BEUTON. In 8U lila mmderlnga round ibis world ni caro. In all hu grief-and God taos given his shara Ha atilt had hopes, his latest hoars to crown, Amldattboae humble boners to lay him dora ; T» husband oat life's taper at Its atoas, ' And keep tho flame from wasting bj reposa. -QOLUSUITn NET sat in the front poroh waillngnntil the elock struck five. Thon, as if fired by a sudden impulse, she started up and hurried into her father's study, aeizad Adrian Fleming's letter to the reotor that lay upon the table among others that had ooma for him during his absenoe, and hid it between the leaves of a hook on the shel vos. "Father shall not see this sleep-destroy lng document to-night, at any rate.- After his long journey he muBt -be permitted to rest well ; and to-morrow, when; be has had his breakfast,, I will give it to him," she said, as she glanoed around the room,to see that all was right. "And now," she con tinued, ss Bhe left the study. " 1 must warn Antoinette. I do not know how muoh abe may know, or, suspect, of .last night's mis* fortune; bat she must not be permitted to drop a word or a hiat that may disturb my father's peace to- night." .With this Net IBU np-stairs and knooked at Miss Doloraino's door. " Who's there?" inquired Antoinette's voioo from within. "It ia I," said Net. ' " Come in, then. Yon might have come without knooking 1" Net opened the door and entered the ohamber, where she found Miss Dsloraine standing before tho glass, putting the last touches to her toilet by pinning flowers on her bosom and in her hair. "Antoinette," began the girl. Bitting down on a chair, resting her elbow on the table, andlookiogwiatfully into her cousin's face-** Antoinette, if you fcnoto anything' the hearing of which might disturb my father's peaoe, do not bo betrayed by thoughtlessness into any illusion to the subjeot. Father is old ; he has had a very fatiguing journey, and ho must sleep to night. To-mórrow morning, after break fast, when he h»8 been refreshed ' by reat and food, it will be time enough to tell him bad news." When Net nnd begun to speak Miss Deloraine had ezpeoted the disagreeable accusation she had so long dreaded, and saying, mentally, " Now for it," had braoed herself for the battle.But boforo Net had finished she found herself strangely puzzled by the girl's words and manner. Net evi dently had not come to make a charge or to demand an explanation,'hut to ~ ask a favour. She did not look belligerent, or even suspicious, yet her words were Btrange Did the rector's daughter suspect that s/w know" any thing abpnt the secret marriage P She would test the question' immediately. " You must tell ma plainly whatsubjects I must avoid before I oan hope to profit, by your warning,'Net. InuViAffltumbleupon tho very theme most to bo deprecated. They say we must never allude to ropes, in the presenceof a man 'whose' father has been banged, birt, you see, one may not always know but that the man's father died in his bed, in au odour of sanctity. You must tell me plainly what you mean, dear." " Then I beg you to avoid the subjeot of -Adrian Fleming.1' ' The -name almost choked Net. ' " . Avoid the subjeot of Adrian Fleming 1' Certainly, if you say so,'' replied Antoinette, beginning to sing an old love-song-, . " Oh, no, we never, mention him, His name is'never heard ; ' Oar lips aie now forbid to speak . That ouoe familiar word." " That is all, oousin, I thank you. Oh 1. it my father opona the ßubjeot and aBks ior Adrian, as he will be sore to do, leave me to answer him," addod Nat. " With the greatest pleasnre in life. It will relieve mo of on embarrassment," replied Miss Deloraine. -, , Net aroBo to go, bat as she did so. she caught the eyes of Antoinette Axed sympa thetically, sorrowfully upon her, and in that instant Net felt ' sure that Miss Deloraine knew her seoret. . Antoinette was a mixture ot good, and evil too common to be strange.. She was affec tionate, benevolent, and generous; but she waa irritable, timorous, and untruthful. She waa suffering now from remorse and compassion on acoount'of Net. She wished very deeply to'make amends, if she could do it without hurting herself. She wlBhed to comfort Net, but she oonld not confess to her. '.' : ' ' "'; Thë'girls looked into eaoh'othér's eyes an instant, and then. Antoinette said r "Net, dear, I seo'that that'yon don't want to quarrel with me, SB Adrian did, ' Bat yon don't ' know anything about that yet. Yon don't want to quarrel with me, Not ; but do yon want to confide in me, darling ?" "". ' "I' think you know'all that I could tell yori," replied the girl;'gently/', .. ? " pretty mabu. I know that yon were mar ' ried on Thursday evening to Adrian Fleming by mistake." ' ' ? . '? . ? ? ' ! ?» i '" Yes," breathed Net, sinking baok in he) I obalr. ' ' ".'! " And I know that this mistake originated I in my gentleman's having two stringB to hie ' bow and misplaoing and misdirecting twe love-letters that ho was writing to two ladiei in the same hour. The ono to me was a pro posai of marriago direoted to yon I You tel into . the pitfall accidentally made for yon poor little soul, and you wero married b] mistake I And as my fine gentleman dis covered his mistake ho throw yon off, insults, everybody right and left, and bolted to Devonshire. ' " How did yon know this ?" inquired Net in a very low voice. "Be told me all 1 He 'carool hero abon noon on Friday, assailed^ me' with 'ab'asE aooasod me of tampering with the letters an transposing them with my own hands."' '"O-h-Mt'Z Adrian must indeed have; boo ulm OB t insane to have charged yon With sus a dishonourable, snob a degrading act I" crio ' Net, with a genuine shudder ol moral horro: Antoinette winced nnder it. It was drooi fal to see her sin through Net's olear, pm 6V6B. ' ? " Yes," Bho Bald,rallying her spirilB. "And ho threatened to prosoonto rae I Bat I soon' showed him tho impossibility ot my having done snob a deed OR that I Moreover, I told him i it, his oompllmontary proposal had reaahod my banda, I novar contd have com plied with it. He went away very mnoh' ashamed of himself;whon he lound oat that be had ouarged me falsely, and bad only his own carelessness to blame for'his misfortune -if it tom a misfortune I. / consider it a pleee of- unmerited good laak 1" "Had it pleased Heaven, I had rather died than thiB should* hayo happened 1" breathed the ghh ; ? t 7 ? ? >??..'.?? ? "WhatI and loavo tbs poor babies or phans 1 Kolbing of the sort, Not 1 It does not ploase Heaven nor earth that yon should dio 1 ' Toa shall liva,' Net,' to bring that Boorrjftil young husband ot yours to your feet .J»*l«. ».* t,c;J-,9ïri> OÏÎ.I^ÎJ : - "Ob, so, no,£no ! Thia ceremony mast not hold him in bondage I He;says the¿law can tree him, and it milt !" .? The law will do no euoh thing 1 The law won't anno] a marriage exoept for crime. That is oertain. I wonder a man of bis knowledge did not know that mach. No, Not, yon are' safe to be Lady Fleming. No earthly power-not even your self-saorino.ng spirit driven by my gentleman's dominant will-can prevent that. Yon will be Lady Fleming !" " Oh, I never oared for that I I never eared for wealth, or rank, or title. I only cared for Adrian-for himself. If ho had been the poorest ourate that ever starved on thirty pounds a year, I should have loved him all the same." - " No, yeu wouldn't. For, in such oiroum etanoes, he would have been a better man than be is now, and you would not have loved him at all. People love their opposites, 1 it ÍB said. Yon, being a little angel, must love a fellow with a BtroDK spice of mischief in him, like Mr. Adrian Fleming. And that is all risht." Net had again got np to leave the room. She paused only to hear her cousin oat, and then she went away. Aa abe passed downstairs she happcnod to look from a window at the taro of the staircase, that commanded a view of the oburoh-yard. And there she saw a tablean that startled and alarmed ber. i ? It was Kit o' Jim-it was her MisBtng Link-in close conversation with a- gentle-, mao, and that gentleman proved, on inspec tion, to be Mr. Brandon Goyle, whom Net and all the neighbourhood supposed at that time to be in Loudon with his slater and their noola. .... Their attitude, too, was distressing to Net. '. Kit stood irontiog this sids of the house, with ber white apron rolled awkwardly np over her fine round white arms, her handsome, blushing face bent down nntil her ohin touobed her heaving bosom, and her lovely blue eyes lowered nntil their eyelashes shaded her blooming oheekB, while around all hung down her glorious hair like a Bbower of meteors as it sparkled io the san's rays. Beside ber, and a little behind her, stood Brandon Doyle, with his atm about her waist and bis head bent to her bosom, and his lips too near her ohoek. This must be stopped, Net knew. Tho rector's little daughter, in her daily visits among the poor, had learned enough of the evil thatoomes of gentlemen courting poor cottage girls and female servants. She leaned from the window and raised her young voice until it rang like a sea captain's from his quarter-deok : "Kit 1". .:. The pair sprang apart as if a bombshell bad fallen between them, and Kit began to jump over the mounds and run home as fast as Bhe could come, while Brandon Coylo turned and walked away in the opposite direction. Net went down into the bi toben and met Kit as tho latter carno in at the back door. ."; " Who waa that you -were talking' with in tho ohuroh-yard ?" inquired Not, asking a very natural but vary unnecessary question, since she had already recognised Kit's companion. ' "Sure he were Coyle, as yo¡mought o'' seen for yoself if yo lied oyes. Mistress Netl" answered Kit, rather pertly. "What was he saying to you P" gravely demanded the little mistress of tho rectory. " Oh, Oi dunuot know ! Just some o'his nonsense," , replied the girl, blushing deeply. , ."Kit," said little maminam, very solemnly, " I worn you not to lot gentle men talk nonsense to you. . It wilt bring, you to evil, Kitl-to bitter, bitter sin and woe 1" '.' Dunnot yo fear, Mistress Net. Oi ken t»k' keer o' meself," said the Missing Link, nro'udlv.. -. .-. Net might ' have gone , on with her catechism and exhortation, had not the Bound ot wheels reached her ears. She turned quiokly and ran into tho front hall, and opened the door in time to see the gig draw up and the minister, looking tired and harrassed, descend to the -ground. " ^ ' ''" \ , " Oh h-Ji-h ! I'm so glad to see you, dear father 1 It seems a s if you had been gone a monthl Come I Come in. Give me your hat; give me your umbrella. There 1 Como right into your room I Everything is ready for you." This was all rather gushing for the quiet, , Belf-repressed) Net, but then she had been so sorely ? tried during her father's absence, and abo had wanted him so much. The pleasure ot meeting him bad brought a transient eolonr to her pallid cheeks and light to her heavy oyes, so that tho. reotor did. not perceive the sad chango that had passed over his child. " I am glad to get home again, ruy dear, and very glad to eeo you, my little ' angel of the household.! well, Not, is all well with, the family?" be inquired, as, he entered his . chamber, which was on the 'fleor in the rear of his office. ; . " We are all in our usual health; dear father." : ' , , . " And roy dear boy P. My Adrián? My future son-in-law fl" said the rector, as ho sank into his big arm-chair. , . . < : : Net walked to the window and made an effort..with trembling, hands to draw the white curtain to soften tho bright blaze of tho af ternoon sun, as she answered, in a low voioo:.. . ?' :,:"?.:>,. . '.' Ho-is- not hero. Ho has .gone to Flaming Chaso." . " Gone to Fleming Chase t That is Tory odd, isn't it, when I left himhorein ohargo ot the house?"-:'-:'- , . ' H He-I-hu father -wrote for him." \- " Neb! what ia the' matter with'yon, my dear?,. Turn around here and let mo look at you. ;"Why, yon are aa pale as a ghost I And you tremble so you can soarcely stand 1 Not, tell me 1 Had Adrian written to his fa thor, to sanotion bia engagement to you,', and had Sir Adrian written, back and for bidden, the marriage, and ordered him home f ". demanded the minister, frowning heavily. , . - .": . "Oh, no, dear father, nothing ,o£ the sort,?' replied Net, struggling to regain hor self-oommand. "The baronet wrote for him to come immediately and help to en-' tertain a midsummer party of visitors, that ' were assembled at, tho Chase." , "Oh! and.you are distressed at the. separation F" . , . i . . .¡ ?;.. r* xus,'.answered JHet, " distressed at tue separation I", ¡ ; And losing all solf-control at the thought OC how muoh moro, dire, more lasting, and more fraught with misery than her father deemed this separation roally waB, Not burstinto teara and sobbod convulsively. ; " Oh I tho little ory-baby ! Come to its daddy and bo comforted 1" exclaimed the rector, half in sympathy, h»l£ in raillery, as ho oponed his arms to reçoive her upon his bosom, and while ho held her head to bia heart and smoothed her dark hair with his hands. Net sobbed herself into quietude. : Thea she wiped her eyes and kissed her father's dear hands, and said, aa Bho aroa» : ??' " How wrong of mo 1 How wrong to do thia, tho very hour of your return ! To bo ovoroomo by my own aolfiah feelings whoa I'should have felt only for you i and your needs 1 Toa told us onoe that * there muBt be a. tesnrreotion from self before there could be a résurrection unto life.' But, oh ! dear father, doe« it not take ail one's days on earth to rise above self f I will not worry yeu any more now. . Here is your hot water, and here ara your clean clothes, and now I will leave yon to dress yourself. How soon will you be ready for dinner?" " In twenty minutes, my dear. Poor child 1 It waa a little trying that your lover should be called away just after your old father bad gone off. But I have a piece of wonderful news for you, Net." " ' New« '-for nw, father," exclaimed the girl, suddenly halting and thinking only, and most unreasonably, of news from Fleming Chase. ' .' Tes, bat, dear child, I do not really know whether I am glad or sorry to be the bearer or this nena. I do not know whether it will be for.yonr good or evil, but it is grand news I There-I must leave it for to.morrow. I can not enter into so heavy a sabjeot this after noon. I should not even have alluded to lt bat that I think it is well to give yon some thing else to think of beside Adrian's absence. Now with wondering what my news oan possibly be, yon will have no time to fret after your lover. There ! be off with yon and give me a chanee to get some of this railroad'grit out of my eyes and nose.". Net smiled and left the room, speculating, indeod, BS to what her father's news for her contd be,, bat knowing well that, whatever, it was, it could not possibly astonish her so muoh as her newa must astonish Aim. , Bat this also mast be deferred for the morning. >S Hslf-an-hour later Dr. Starr came down to dinner, where he met Miss Deloraine, Net, and tho babies who had been allowed to sit np to soe their father. After shaking banda with Antoniette in grave affection that somewhat enrprisod the young lady, he took np and kissed each ohild in turn, and then drew from his capacious pockets a wonderful little walking doll 1er Kilo, and and a bewildering Noah's Ark far Lake. Then Net had to use all her influença over the delighted babies to persuade them to lay aside their entrancing treasures until after dinder.' Later, when the whole party adjourned to the drawing-room, the wonders of the walking doll and of Nuah's Ark were displayed and discussed by tue children, and, ot neoessHy, by the grown people, to the exclusion of all other topios of conversation ; and when the hour of the babies' bad-time had come and gone, Net could only prevail upon them to go with her to the nursery on oondition that she should take the doll and the ark to bod with them. Dr. Starr waa very tired with his long railway ride, and soon excused himself ot Miss Deloraine, and went tobie room. When Net reaohed the nursery with the children, she found, to her surprise,' the wax candles lighted on eaoh side of the dreBeing glass, and her Hissing Link standing before it in an attitude 61 self-scrutiny. ."What are you doing there, KU?" de mended Net. " Looking at meself, to bo 80.ro. Mistress Not, wall yo tell me trae-be Oi hendsum or no?"' ",. . "I really don't! know, KU, whether yon are handsomo or otberwise,"a.replied Net, coldly. "No more do Oil Oi thenk as my red ha'r'a agin my lokes." " Tour hair is well enough, Kit. Ton should not think so muoh about your looks.'1 " Mistress Net, did yo iver hear o' th' Laird o' Burleigh ?" inquired Kit- . "Whom?" . "The Laird ,o' .Burleigh.. Him wot wedded a poor willaga lass and mod ho ii leddy?" . ... ? r : " I have.hoard of that circumstance, Kit, but-" ' ?'.????" ! '?It wan Uno, tuen, Mistress Net ? The laird if ¡ii marry the lass and met her Leddy o' Burleigh ?'.' , : " Yes, but it was not well done, Kit. Tho lass died of a broken heart." ; "Ou, ay I So Oi htserd, but that was because she had'. na the sperrit to sport her rank. It wnnnot brek moi heart to be med a leddy 1" said the Missing Link, setting her arms akimbo, turning around with her back to the glosa and survoying herself, over hor shoulder. ' 1 "Oh, you paar,. half-witted 1" oroatura 1 What eau I do foe yan? Kit, who put this ridiculous stuff into your poor head ?" de manded her mistrals. EiC did not .answer, hut . tamed . Blowly around before the glass. ..-. " Who told yoa the story of tho Lord of Burleigh ?" inquired Net, patting her ques tion in another form and in gentler tones. " Him-down tuero 1 He dosnt despoise me lnike some fowlie do 1" .', Do you mean Mr. Brandon Goyle ?". "Tea, him." " Kit 1 Oh, Kit 1 Don't listen to him 1 How many tiinoa-nave you Been him-like that io the oburob-yard?" ». " Hoo kia Ol .tell, Mistress Net ? Ol seen him noo and egon, as ho oooms through for a rbort-oat /sena bia fishin'. Oi dunuot know how many toime hs hov stopped td pass the toime o' tho day to me. It's no a monny gintlefotvk yo'd see doin' that 1 Bat, oh, ho's foibol" ' . '??< " How long has this been going on,'Kit?" " Oa, iver Bin' we first seen »ioho ither -thet toime him and his sister ¿ak tay here." ' ': ' ' " He' bois boen in London; When did-" . "Oa, Oi'mno maning while him wnr in Lunnun ; I uiver Been him thin," interrupted ?Kit;""- - ' ;" ' . . ? " When did he get bsok, I was about to ska you?"' - ' .'? :. .' '"' " Om about a week sin', O'im thenkiu'.*' . ; " Kit, you mUBt not talk to thia man,'nor let him talk to you. He moanB you no good, poor girl 1 He will only bring you to sin and misery." . '?''?>' ' ' . " Nay, he .wilina ! I'll no brek my heart if he meka a leddy o' ms loilie yon foot lass o' Burleigh 1" said Kit, with a toes of her hand some head. ' ' ' "He will not make a lady of yon, Kit, whatever ho may Bay, Kit, do you remember poor Meg Doyne, the eailmaker's daughter, in Miston?" inquired little 'mammam,- ss the tears rushed to har eyes. " Ou, ay I the wonoh wot run off wi' a foina gentleman to Lunnun, and went to the dogs ? I moind ber 1 Bat yo'ro no avening mc, av bonost guriul loiko me, down to the lolke o' SÄC !" retorted the Missing Link, with deep disdain.''. ',','.' " No, Kit; but Meg WOB onoo as höhest at yoa are before she listened to a fins" gentle man's flatteries.1 " jvna VOM no bo averting Hr. Brandon Corie to tho grand vilyum wot desatved Meg Doyno f" oxolalmod Kit; indignantly. " ? " Yea, I think that he ia jost auoh another or ho would not bo trying to raislolid a poor girl Uko you. You must not moot this Bran don Coylo any moro. It ia as much as your good namo is worth to do it-yos, it rory provo tho oost of your soul to moot him I But if ho Bliould foroo his oompany upon yoti tako this warning ; Never let him porsuade you to gd off any whore vrith bim. undor pro mlBO of marriage Do not go anywhere with' him until you aro marriod, and; married by your own reotor, too, that' you and-your pooplo may know that it is right. ' If * he^ moans honestly by you, . Kit-which I am he doa not-ho will consent to do this. . If ho means dishonesty by' you uih'ieh I- atti aùfo h» dcu-he will refuse, and by this test you may .judgehim."' All Kit's .defiant spirit broke down, and shu put her apron np to her eyes and began to cry. . "Don't fret! I am hot angry with you,' poor girl, but I am very sorry ,for yon, and very anxious about yon. I shall haye J» speak to the rector." "~ * "~ " Oo, Mistress Net, dunnot tell the moister on me ! Dunnot !" pleaded tho girl, in a terrible fright. .. i ". " Then you must promise me, solemnly promise me, never to meet or speak to that man again," said Net. ; Oi ll promise you to hov. noe thing to Bay to him, and seething to do with him, Mist ress Net, aa* yb wunnot'tell tho maister," sobbed the girl.' f' Yery well ; that is right, Kit. On that condition I will not tau him. Now, 'dry your eyes and help me pat the ehildrén'to bed." . ." The babies, temporarily 'forgotten itt tho interest of Kit's affairs, were on the floor with all the menagerie of Noah's Ark, paraded, and tho walking doll gliding around it. They left their 'play at the oall of little mammam's tender voice, and oonse'nted to be pat to bed on the already Btipnlated terms '-that Noah's ' Ark ahd the doll should be pot to bod with them. , An hour after thiB all was quiet in the reotory. Net was lying awake wondering what her father's news could be, and wondering how he would receive hers. .?"'?"? Kit, ia her oct over the kitchen, was ory ing bereolf to sleep over the " haird-barrted ness" of mistresses' in general, and Mistress Net, of Miston Réotory, in particular. 