REMINISCENCES. BY E. A. SOTHKRN. THE piece known as "The American Cousin," by Tom Taylor, was put in rehearsal. I was cast for tho part of Lord Dundreary, a fourth-rate old man, only forty- seven Unes. I refused tho part, but finally agreed with Mr. Burnett, tho stugo manager, to play on the condition that I ahoidd entirely rewrite it. Miss Keene wu« also full of objections, which, however, tho finidly yielded. In rewriting the part, I threw iuto it ovcrytliing that struck mo ns wildly ubsurd. There is not a singlo look, word, or act in Lord Dundreary that has not been suggested to mo by persons whom I have known since I was five years of age. It has been frequently said that I have cut tho piece down for tho purpose of Dun dreuryising thc performance. This is not true. I have sbnply cut out tho cellar scene, a drunken net, which was never popular, and so rearranged tho play, that instead of seven- teen scenes, willah it had when it came from tho hands of tho author, it is now in four acts of ono scene each. My part tho firat night was by no moans a pronounced success. In fact, it was two understand what I was about. I had acted so many sorlous ports before, that tho publio ovidently considered that every tone of my voice ought to be pathetic, just as thoy now Beem to tliink that overy tono represents some mad eccentricity. "How," I have been asked, " did you happen to hit on that strango hop, skip, and jump business, which has boen mado so effective iii your delineation of tho char- acter.* ' "Wliy," I reply, "it wits tho simplest thing in thc world ; it was a more accident. I have naturally un* elustio disposition, and during a rehearsal ono cold morning I was hopping at tho back of tho stago, when Miss Keene sarcastically inquired if I was going to introduce that in Dundreary. Tho aotors and actresses standing around luughcd,'und taking tho cuo, I replied : ' Yes, Miss Kcono ; that's my view of tho character.' Haring said this I was bound to stick to it, and as I progressed with tho rehearsal I found that tho wholo company, including scene-fihiftors and property men, were roaring with laughter at my infernal nonsense. When I saw.that tho publio accepted tho satire I tonod it down to the broad caricaturo which may bo Been at the present day by unyono who has a quick sonso of tho absurd." You remember that in ono act I have a by- play on my fingers, on which I oount from ono to ten, and then roversing, begin with tho right thumb and count ton, nine, eight, seven, six and five ore eleven. This has fro-, quontly boon denounced by critics a^.'.oC'.JTj'' out of place in the character. . -JT J* utterly incident from actual Jr*-" ' Jjut I took the notoriously cleveres-' ufo, having soon a aa quick J)ärli "ian on 018 EneT"sh turf, cumple! p -', lightning in calculating odds, My >' - . i^j'y puzzled by this ridiculous problem. "'^XÜstovtion of tho old aphorisms has like- wise been frequently cavilled at as too nonsensical for an oducatod man. Now soo how easily this thought was suggested. A number of us some years ago wore taking supper in Hulifax after a performance, when a gentleman who hus now retired from tho stage, but who is living in Now York, suddenly entered tho room, and said : " Oh, yes, ,1 soo ; birds of a foathor," &o.; Tho thought instantly struok me on tho weak Bido, and, winking at my brothor aotors and assum- ing utter ignorance, I said : " What do ' you mean by birds of a feather P" Ho looked rather staggered, and replied : "What, havo you nover heard of tho old English proverb, ' Bu-ds of a feather flock together ?' " livery ono shook his hoad. Ho then said: "I never met such a lot of ignoramuses in my Hf e." That waa my "oue, and I began to turu tho proverb inside out. I said to him : ' ' There no vor could havo boon suoli a proverb -birds of a feather! Tho idoa of a wholo: flock of birds having only ono foather ! Tho thing is utterly ridiculous. Besides, the poor bird that had that foathor must have flown on ono sido ; consequently, as the other birds couldn't fly at all, thoy couldn't flock togothcr. But evon accepting/; the absurdity, if they flocked at all they must nook togothor, as no bird could possibly bo auch a fool as to go . into a corner and try and flook by himself^" Om visitor bogan to seo tho point of tho logic, and wus greotod with roars of laughter. I made a memorandum of tho incident, and years afterwards elaborated tho idoa .iu wi'itingDimdroary. Ihuvo quires upouquiros of luoinorauda of a similar character ; but whenever I play tho part tho publio scorn so disappointed at not hoariuK tho old linos that I fear I shall never havo tho opportunity of gotting them to accept what would really bo a much better version. Lot mo tell you about a certain suppor ÍD 1 Glasgow. It wus ono of thoso lato affairs which somotimcs ocour after theatre boura, and I hud around mo a number of excellent friends and 6oas vivants among whom waa a professor of tho Glasgow College, several barristers, and two or throe army mon. This professor was a singularly clover and jolly follow ; but ho had a peculiar way of. loaving a company, very frequently without Baying good-byo to any person present. It waa a puro matter of politeness on bis part, however, beoauao, having duties to perform cithor on his own account or that of others, ho didn't choose to make a fcatiuo of his departure, and so disturbed tho remundor of tho guests. Ono of tho officers Vwus Major- I won't mcutiou his name-a splendid apocimon of a bluff, houest-spokon old English gontlomau. In tho courso of tho conversation at tho table, ho rcmarkod : "I .went to seo tho world-famed conjuror, Professor- to- night ; and what a pity it is that ho should goonthestago in such a shameful condition !" I asked him what was tho matter. " Why," said bc, " ho was drunk, air, disgracefully drunk !" Tho demon of mischiof instantly took possession of mo. Tho major was not acquainted with om" eccentric guest, tho professor from tho Glasgow College. There- fore, in tho most accidental manuor, crossing my knees, I managed to touch tho major on the leg, and at thc sumo timo softly " Sh-sh sh !" He turned around quiokly, looked at mc, became very red iu tho fuco, evidently taking a hint tho reason of which ho didn't comprehend. I saw at onco that ho was in à mental muddlo, und winlring in a auggestivo manner, as much as to say, " Look out for yourself," remarked solto voca: "My dear sb, you'vo mado a mistake. You aurel}- don't moan ho was drunkP" "No, no," ho ropliedina disconcerted sort of way, "not exactly drunk, but-but-rather confused, you understand. Pvc seen a good many of tho English 'jugglers, und I don't consider him ns good as several whom I know." At this jmieturo tho professor took his hat nud walked out, wlu'oh wo, who know him, recognised as his quiet way of abaoutiughim- self without going tlirough tho formula of breaking up a aocial party. You soo, he had hi« lecture to preparo for tho next day, and wo of tho club, being aware of tho fuct, paid no attention to his exit. When tho professor was fairly out of hearing, I observed to tho major : " This ia a nico mess you'vo mado !" " WhatisitP what did I say p" ho enquired, anxiously. "Why," said I, "didn't you soo thc iu digiiuut way iu which ho got up and left tho roum P That's thc son-in-law of tho con- juror-married biri daughter ouly two days ago, nud of course ho fools naturally indignant at the remark which ho heard you make." "Hang it," said tho major, "why didn't you toll mc P You ^kicked ino and confused mo." "Nonsense," I replied; "I looked at you and winked at you, and nhoo-od at you, and tried te stop you as un intelligent being oapablo of talcing a hint." ' ' Oh, well, woll, well ; who tho douco could follow a wink Uko that P But what am I going lo do about it P" I suggoated that ho should write tho pro fesser a nice letter, and explain the affair in a semi-apologetic way, stilting that he "was a trifle under the influence of wine, etc. Thereupon the major vent to my- desk, and at my dictation scribbled off u note and properly addressed it. "Now," I said, " I will send this by my own servant, KO that there shall be no mis- carriage." Of course, I didn't hend it at all : but the next dny I wrote a letter and hud it copied and signed in the professor's name, which wus one of the most frrossly insulting iu its character that I could con- ceive. It readVomethiug like this : "Simply because you huppen to bo a cavalry officer und I a quiet university pro- fessor, you think yon can insult moby assail- ing tho purity of my futher-in-taw. As you yourself confess, you aro only a. drunken cad," &e.;, ¿cc. Tlic major came the next morning trembl- ing with rage, and showed me the lotter. " What do you think of that ?" said he, excitedly. "He call mo a drunken cad." I soothingly replied : " Oh, that's only his classical method of expression." " D-n his classical method. I'll go and kick him out of his lecture-room." I calmed tho major as well as I know how, and as soon as no was gone,' sat down and wrote a note to tho other professor the conjuror in tho . name of ' Major So-and-So, to the effect that ho had received a lotter from his son-in- law, saying that ho . would oowhido him at the first opportunity. That brought another com- munication still more raizing up matters. Of course you understand that I wrote all theso myself, and consequently held the trump cards in my own hand. Those- letters -went backwards and forwards for several days. Finally, I sent ono from tho professor challenging tho major, and ut tho same tune caused a number of telo graghio messages to bo transmitted from different parts of Scotland from men with whom I know ho was inthnato, expressive "of their astonishment that n gontleman so well known for his high courage should huvo been guilty of conduct so utterly unbecoming his position. Now tho major was aman of warm temperament, who in bygono days in India and elsewhere, had boen lighting duels about onco a wook, although such a pieco of nbsurdity, nt tho present hom-, would only havo resulted in his hoing cashiorod. Asa consequence ho was thrown into a state of Tex tremo excitement and per- plexity. Just about this time I started for Xiondon, leaving behind mo a batch of letters and telegrams lo bo sent to tho major on tho following day. They were of tho most slighting and insulting description. Ren- dered utterly desperate by thoso, ho foUowod mo to London, Bonding mo a telegram in advance, saying that ho desired to not on my advice in the premises, and would meet mo at a given hour for consultation. T. th»" gT?°%?W^ZÚr££o very day tho major [.«avis to oall. As tho latter walked into tho room he was completely staggered^ when tho .professor advanced and shook, him by tho hand in the . most cordial and amicable marmor. Of . oourso tho major couldn't resist what ho now regarded as an evidence of good will, and oommonood to make explanations. Tho professor listened in speechless astonishment. Not having the ghost of an idea what it was all about, ho thought the major was drunk ; and asl kopt making signs to him, , he treated him accordingly. Tho wholo . thing was so ludiorous that ut last wo all of us burst into a hearty, good-natured ilaughi whioh was redoubled whon I told tho wholo story. I ought to say that ' I never would have indulged in this little joke had it not boon that tho major, some weeks previously, had got me into comparativo troubfo by a praotical joke of his own; of whioh I was tho viotiiu. My revenge was natural and most complote. I think ' that ono of tho most reoklcss affairs with which I have over had to do ocourrod at the . house of a friend of mino who was bimiself fond pf a joke, and had at ¡ homo abundant opportunity for the making of one.* A regiment had just arrivod from the Crimean -war, ;and was forwarded to Glasgow to bo quartered there. - My friend asked, tho-' '? officers to dino' immediately after their ' arrival, although ho - was aistrangor to thom all oxoept by reputation. TTn invited mo to. go with bim, remarking: ?? '.' Now, Ned,-let us have some fun ;!' and wo ¡at onco concocted, d', plan.' I, know his residonoö very well,:and could do anything I pleased in it. iWith his, leave I sont for a stonemason-and told him to ascertain whoro the flub from the firegrate made its oxit on tho roof,: as I wanted him that night, during tho .dinner,-to call down ' tho ohiinney in ^answor ,to any quostiqn I might ask. My friend, tho.host,'meanwliilo, was to introduoo mo to his guests as a celebrated American ventriloquist who was ' about to appear in London, and was acknowledged to bo tho most , extraordinary artist of tho kind in tho world. While .tho moal was going on, Colonel -, a very aristocratie old man, gradually bogan to throw ont suggestions ' and to load conversation in tho direction of vontriloquial subjeots. I, of course, protended to bo very bashful, and to avoid any allusion to tho thomo. After much solicita- tion, however, I consented to spoak, as ho said, only two or throo words. Mark you, I had timod tho experiment na that it should bo oxaotly eight o'dook, or within a few, minutes of it, when I know that my mason would bo keoping his ougugomont ut tho other end of tho chimuey. Going to the fireplnco, I shouted at tho top of my voioo for it was a doiicod loug way up-"Aro you therof" but thoro was no response. I came to tho conclusion that ns by this timo it was raining very hurd, tho stono-muson had got sick of tho wholo business, und loft tho roof. Imagino my surprise when, in eight or ton seconds afterwards, just as I had turned und was going to toll tho colonel that my fuiluro was duo entirely to an ulceruted soro thront, a deop voico was hoard hallooing down tho fluo: "I don't hour a word!" Tho colonol, ofhoors, aud all tho guests looked perfoetly staggered. I immediately took advantage of the situation, and remarked : ' ' Thoro, you seo how badly I did ! You notico what a guttural tone thoro wus in my voioo ;" abut they all crowded round mo, and said it was the most extraordinary thing thoy over heard in their lives, and begged mo to repent tho experiment. I had previously iñudo tho arrangement with tho mason that when I said " Good-bye !" three times ho woidd understand. that I required him no more. I thoroforo shouted out "Good-bye!" tlu-eo times, and, getting no responso, concluded that ho had gono, and thought no moro about tho matter. ' About nn hour after this tho colonel was loaning against the mantelpiece, smoking- u cigar, when ho turned to mc-I was on the opposite side of tho room- and said : " Colonel Slaytcr" (by which name I had boen intro- duced to tho company), " I have no hesitation in saying that you aro tho mo3t extraordinary ventriloquist oliva. Now, in my own littlo way I occasionally try to amuse my children in tho somoj manner; but it is really absurd, after tho wonderful oifcot you havo produced, to give you an illustration hore ; still, I will try. For instance, when ut homo I sometimes put my hoad up tho ohimney and shout : ' Aro you coining down?'" und tho old gentleman' accompanied tho notion to tho words. Jiidgo of our utter iimnzemout whon a yoll was heard in tho chimuey: " Oh, go to tho dovil ! I huvo hud enough of this." It so happened that I was chatting with a number of tho officers ut tho momeut, aud tho colonel almost reeled np against tho tublo in his astonish- ment nt such au unexpected reply. Every- body looked ut him, ns if for un explanation. Toking in thu wituatiou qiüokly, und carelessly stepping forward, I said : "There, gentlemen, Unit is my hwt effort. I am Buffering so much from bronchial affection that you must really exuiuo mo from any further exhibition." Ono und nil of thom pothered around mo nud wrnug my bunds, expressing thoir nmnzemout ot tho high urt I had evinced, and pro- mising me a mugjiiiicicnt reception whonovor I should appear in public. It was as much im I could ,do to prosorvo ut serious fuco. Tho joke was too good to koop long, and in a little while afterwards, ia the course of con- versation, tho host said : " By the way, Sothcrn, do you remember So-and-so r" " What !" said all tho officers, loolringup ; "Sothern? I thoug-ht this was Colonel Slayterr" " Oh, no," replied my friend, "that's Lord Dundreary." That was my first and last experience as a ventriloquist. 