\- (From our ownr Correspodlent.) L; oixno, Dec.-20. Auouther wicked war of Iiggressioln guinist Afgghan istai has been begun, upon the i ost h]ypocriticnl prelexts. It is al?atys iolispensableL to glaze in iquiitous designs with imor orless varnish of dtlceecy, but in tle present case the colouring matter tied is singularly thin.. We wan Ito " rectify" our ' " un scientific frontier," and so by 'hook or crook we fastten a quIrrel upon our innocent ncighbour, in ordsar to bespoil him of the territory we covet. Of course the buccnneering statesmen who perpcetrate this flagitious crime are the loudest and frothiest praters about national " hoLour." The Viceroy of India has issued a proclamation seeking to justify the. commncuement of . this nefarious forvy. lie unmphl is of "the ill-oill aind discourtesy" with which the Aneer has reltid our kindness. Even, for argument's sake, taking Ill this as literal gospel, it would not, warrant the de spatch of a filibustering and plundering expelition against: him. At. the utmost it would only sanction our sending to Coventry the neighbor who had he ihaved so churlishly. Lord Lytton's next charge is that of having "openly tand assiduously attempted, both by olrds and deeds, to stir iI)t religious hatred and war against our Indian Eimpire.' This is as entirely newl co nt in the Vicereplt indictment. If it had any particle of truth in it, and were not obviously thronn in as a mere make-weight, slwhy have we not heard a single syllable about it before? Every conceivable matter of accusation has for mouths past bIxen diligently asked up agninst the Amtcer, to inflame and exasperate the English mind, and not until war against hint has been formally declared have wie this terrible enormity imputed to huli. Thus we actually punish hiti before making known his offence. .Agiin, considering how lonog we have been maissing our troops and bringing up our artillery and warlike supplies close to his borleis, o as-el as tampering with the loyalty of his subjlctts, withl the vowed object of over-awsing and threatening hint, it, requires a hardihood equal to that, of IEsop's wolf inl charging the lamb. with troubling the waters for Lord Lytton to complain that the Aneer lha made, in turn, some poor and feeble defensive preparations. Then comess thle true source of the Viceroy's rage-the real head and front of Slhi, Ali's offending. Tile A?ncer Ihas rejected our Envoi while receiving tie Russian one. fIils Lme. 'lhii is nat outtrlg so intolerable ias only to be fitly expiitedl by rivers of lood. Of ltwo things one:-- ither tle .\raer ras free to rveseie or reject otur Mlission, or Ie Wiass not free. If he ?s?, what becomes of our rooas dll. If he was not, what ieomes of his "indleplendence " t£hat independence, too, le it ob.-served the Ticeroy, in this very proclamation, professes it to In his intlentio to respect. This profession hlie makes inl worts. while by deeds ahe is its the very act of openIly violating it. Could an1y self-eonlnsdiction be morc flagrant or shamecless ? 'Chl option of saying whether lie will or not admit foreign envoys to his capital is ati essential attribute of a sovereign's in dependence; and yet tiwe seek, by thrtusting our envoy upon himo, notle* colis, to stab the very at tributoe we hlypocritially affect to be anxious to guard. Thus proud EInogland is made to appear before the world with the sword in onle hand and a lie in the other. fNor is this dishonourable aspect of the case mended by thel insolent arrogance with which thI Viceroy avers that "the influence of another P'ower in Afghanistan cannoto be tolerated!" Are we to fight for an exclusive aind predominanim t influecee there, while our present complaint is that we'are not treated by its ruler as s well as Russia? No doubt it is a rebuff to our self love'that Slihcre Ali should prefer our rival to uts: but surely it is as un dignified as it is unwise on tlhat account to give'vay to transports of blind nage and jealousy.' If the case llad been exactly reversed, and the Russian nrvoy excluded while ours was admitted, how shoull we have viewed a Russian expedition against Afghalistati ? Any notdid man will be at no loss to answer this question. Let tus thct face the thing -ahlo-y and nationally, auti we shall find that we need nieitlher be frightened fromn our propriety nlor worked up into a twhite hlot with lrassion. A gen ration ago we invaded .fglhanishtu and excited the deep ni d bitter hatred of its people against its, 0as we are now senselessly doing ngain. It is not un naturail, therefore, that they should look with more comllacenc5y ono the Russians, against whlomn tlhey as vet have no suich grudge, than on us, until tat least they find lhat; their norefriends seek to become their masters. " Then we may be pretty sure there will be a strong reronlsion of fieeling at CLabul against the Muscovites. This reaction will come in good time, if by our own rash violence anld weak fretful ness we do not hinder it. Then the Aueer may be glad enough to abandon his present fit of the sulks and to sue again for our good offices. At the worst, he caunot desire to be gobbled np by our "rivals any more than by us ; and, no doubt, at the bottom of his heart lurks the very natural sentiment, "A piague on both your houses." lie must dread the fatal toils woven round his devoted country by botlh of us. 1 lo must deroutly r ish to be the vnssal or the puppet of neither of us. lIe will not consider either of us the disinterestedl champion of-his in dependence. Let its, then, not spoil all by driving him and his subjects complletely into the arms of Russia. 'Why should att ungovernable lust, of forcing things make us play into our ri?il's hands? If we indeed think tlere is real danger of the Anmeer intriguing and plotting behind our backs with tlhe Czar against the pence of India, why cam not we frankly address ourselves to the Czar's Go vercnont, and seek to comlle toe clcar uIderstanding withl it, as Lord Lawrence and Lord IMayo urged, instenld of gloomily brooding over all utanoner of possible or impossible suspicions and timing our blows at a Pritnce who, after Ill, is not the roil foe we dteaid nor the true mark we wish to hit, even if Ito were antll atigonist worthy of our steel. Whlile: woe continue at peLce with Russia, aold ,noloioially ntL lcast remain at amtity with her, it is monstrous to say we have a just c-sau of soar wilt Shlero li.. Tou eousequlene of the outireak of war, l'arlia met it on called together for a short session on the 3lth insiant, and adjourned aguil on Tuesday last till the 13tho of February next. The Goverinment of I ndia Act of 1858 forbids the employmentof tioops. clharged on the Indian revenues, beyond the frontier of that countrty, "except for preventing or repelling actual invasion, or under other sudden or uegsent llecessity;,' w-ithout ttheeonseintof ?'arltlateot. lThe war was beguno, and expcisn ineitrred, befo-re Par liatneutwlls sunlnonedoc: anod this is held by 3lr. Gladstoune and other high anuthlorities to constitute a direct blrnclh of the statute. The Miinistr-. on tlhe othler lhand, quibble about tohe mleanting of ' the Con seot" of Parliamentl, alleging that it need not be a "previous" cotsent. 'They also try to oinkot ot?t thmt this ase cotnesu mtder the provisooabout "sudden and urgeontanecessit)y" and tlcirbighltallions;,who ar ready to follow tilhemn throughl tlhick td tSlhil, coter all fltws'in tlheir legal or cotistitutional argu ment. TIhe priticioxpl paragraph in the Queen's speecl nus this :--' The hostility tunrds m.ltndiuan -Govcrmtnt nmintifested by thl:e Aleerrof Afghanii - tant, nild thle tmnaner it which lie reptilsed my friendly 3Missionl, left mte no alternative butto aliak a.peremptory ddeandl for redress. This deo andl hiavsng been disregoosled, I has-e dirt-etdSititi pe dition to be scntito his territory, and I Ih te Sakes ilthe rarliet op?poitunity of calling #qi itoothdr~i ntd naokitog to you tSle eooouonioicoiooa rdquirdby'- hs. I hsie -tdrected thlat popetIualo Itu SUbjisit nholl be laid befon(e yout. I reeive from all foreig?gi overs aLsura~ics of their friendly fcelbogs, nlod I itars ervery roisoli.to believe that.thb arrmUigetctts for ' the pacifction of Ifurope, mnlade by thle T'ratly of Berlin,.will be successfully canrriedt into effect.". Amoong thep mpers rferf-red' to, i'lchl atre very vohlmunousi , and iere slohaefully kept ,bnck till'the latest moment ftolti the public, -so a final deslatch fr?tosilbr Ctilhbrook, Secrehtry of State foi lndil, pWofescdly reviewilig oitor relatiois witli Aftghanlis toii for tanty yia-rs plast, adl Firtfodl'y concocted so ns,to ihsiiiooate that the present etabrolio is not the faisult of 'thl preenct litinistrjy, bit the lttiml bot comn of the Cwant of foresighlt sholtir by theiiiioede cessonr. 'This Ibtre-ficed ticek gade, unavoidably, t. ceeasti poional toit-t to the first deboates.' Slut little public cstriosity ran ninioifested ni lhe assenirblinug of Parlliatnt, but wheoi the HIIoits. as sembled for business tloer iree hlFFignttendancs of moteibers both in th'l: Lords and Corotons? i The tlddrss in repIls to the Qoiec's Stot'acc..as wmntonesd in: thei Lords i LAtrid la'veoworth, seconded by Lops Inclsiqusi, naa2 iti itOsCot moos blaeLol Oustlereegh scidnddtl'py dr.r falLj Thie Afgbanii -mirJfos the u td ftdi lubje e iislboth Houses. The Secretary and Under-Secretary of State of India each gave noticeof Tmotion for defraying the costa of the military operations from the revenues of . India.i:,I.the Lords Earl Granville regretted that no allusion had been made in the Queen's Speech'to te great( distre-s od r csistii throdudiout the oua ay :airl Gr rey moved an unetdment to Ithe SAddies exprcssiing sorrow ati the .Afghan Wair, and i'lirm~i~ ithat Ptrlitiienti shlould have been summnoed wilthout delay when -sar became proba ' ei blc.r' L tol Crmbrook justilled his despatch, in w?'ieh he iattribulted the war to' the resdlt of the 'j 'liy"of formr GCoveriniient; butEarl Xorthbrook contended. that an erroneous impressioni had been reated "by that adu h slpth. Lord Beaconsfield as certed'that under the Treaty of Berlin great results had been aecomplished, considering the time which \- had elapsed, and Cyprus would soon' be recognised :as- a most important possession.-In the Commons the Marquis of lartingtoun criticised the Queen's S- -peeeh, : and said lie saw no justification for the !:-f?ghaun .war. Mr. Gladstone followed, aid the C (ehancellor, of the Exchequer amid some cheering, Ssaid d thatere was no foundation for the iaecosation :di'that the Government intended fiou the first to -, pick it quarrel with the Ameer. EJentually the SAddress was agreed to in both Houses. .. :The policy of the Government in coinection with, the war' ans not, however, long left, uiechallenged in both lHouses. In the Commons, Mr. WVitbread, backed by the leaders and main body of the Liberals, moved a vote of censure founded on the evidence con:tained in the official correspondence. Tihe sharp ddbate- to which this gave rise extended over a Snwhole week, and although the Ministerialists were no simteh for their hioirerful assailants in argument, their deficiencies in this respect were :nmply made up by superior riumbers,:if indeed the result of a division can siupply such defects. They had a majority of 101 over their opponents, as was gener ally expected would be the case. It was a slight damper to the Ministerial victory that, on the very day after it was achieved the important constituenicy of Bristol, the capital of the West country, re turned by a very large majority, after a desperate fight in which the Tories, aided by the confederated publicans and Roman Catholics, put forth their whole might, a Liberal of the most advaiced type, and a sworn foe of the war. This and other recent chance elections raise grent doubts whether the M Ministry are nearly as strong in the comitry as they clearly are in the House. T?wo more nights' debate occurred in the same Schamber on the subsidiary question as to how the cost of the war should be defrayed-by the Indian Exchequer only, or by the British, or by both con j o. jintly. The Government proposed to throw the whole burden on India, and in the end they carried their resohition even more triumphantly than before. But some of their own supporters were ashanied of this mean and high-handed proceeding, had'urged them to promiso bye-and-bre to come to the help of the Indian Treasury, which is in any Sthing but a flourishing state. They undertook to do this should the hostilities be unexpectedly pro l onged or extended 'but meanwhile they have got formal sanction for making India pay every farthing of the bill to the end of the chapter. - Of course theOpposition were indignant, and protested loudly against the discreditable shabbiness of makhing the famine-str?cken rybts bear the entire cost of an Im perial war, ordered by proud and rich England, nominally against poor Shore Ali, but virtually aginist the Czar of all the'KRnssias, as part of the 'great 'game she has becin lately playing both in aurope arid in Asia against'that mighty Piotentate. Gieat distress exists in the country, aggravated, if not ciused; by the restless .and turbulent policy of the Ministry, who slrink it al ime of bank and comnirciul failures, and dearth of employment, to lay lc the'new taxes relguired to meet the growing def.ct i day of.reckoninig, however, cannot be I taedoffl fdor ever. . Th' e minor operations beyond our Indian frontier to which the military authorities will confine them ;. ?elves till the spring are proceeding with the kind of successwhich wiea anticipated, and with no more .;interruption from the fierce Hill-men than our ex -. perienced generals should Iare counted ulpn. Our Sline of communication in the Khyber Pass lhas been cut for days together by clouds of marauders which gather and thicken inl exact proportion to the open ings left for their activity. There was much boast ing at the outset about our having won over to our \- side the. Afrmedees and other border tribes. The events of the last few days, when our convoys have been pillaged: and driven back, our small detached ,.parties slaughtered, and our camps alarmed by night, have already dissipated some of this fond self delusion. , Of-course more troops have been ordered up, to clear the avy. It is well; for, before we have done, there may be plenty of rough work found for \- them. HIour soldiers can only keep down their .friends," they. may be safely trusted to manage their enemies. But it will not do for us to be over -confident. A feen early successes may prove.de ceitful ; and the falling back, of the enemy before our advance-about which there has been some foolish '; crowing,:'-may be only a -rave to draw our :forces rlto ?strapp. The I experinces of the Afghan S-ar of 18i0 ought- not to be lost on our commanders, a .lthoth, munhappily, there is a proneness of one ::generation to forget or despise even the sternest -lessons read to its predecessors. \- The Queen and the Royal Family have sustained ' a ?grmatbercavement.- -The Grand Duchess of Hlesse IIarmstadt, :better-known as the Plrincess , Alice, died of diphtheria on Saturday, tie anniversary ,t of the death of the Prine Consort, seventeen years ago.::: Shl nias buried at'Darmstadt on'Wednesday, S-the Prince of Wales anddl'rince Leopold attending \- lier funeral. Her Royal- Highness's children had been sulfring from diphtheria, which indeed carried off one of them in spite of all her tenderest care and personal nursing; and there is no doubt, that beh herself fell a victim to her motherly devotion. How this good Princess matched at her father's death-bed, ministered to the dangerous illness of her eldest brother, aud later still, tended the sick and wounded soldiers of her adopted' country during the Franeo-Germmn -nar, is well known. Her many virtues endeared her to all. She is deeply mournd far and wide. Parliament and . other public bodies have expressed sincere condolence , witd HerMajesty, who bears up bravely under the stroke. SSaturdlay, the 30th ult., being St. Andrew's day, the sons of Caledonia resident in Iondon, and indeed throughout, :the Empire, celebrated the. festival of their patron sabit in their accustomed manner. There nwas much personal arraying in the " garb of old Gael," much oonsunmption of huggis,,-ashed .down by Glenlivat and other stimulants, much ex change of nationil and fraternal greetings, blended of course with the thrilling if somewhat harsh notes \- of many bagpipes... In far Canuada the inew Gover nor-Gencral, a true child 'of Scotia-aw-lose progress Sby the :way with the Princess-Louise through his P ro-coinensulateshisbeen one continuous ovation- opened a:ball at ,Motreai on Saturday night, sur rounded by his joyous countrymen and country Swomen, whd muster strong in the Dominion, as ,:deed where do theynot? Hibs.,eeldleney pre faced the reels:and sirathspeys by an appropriate speech,.and the. festivities :were extended to - the witching hour and the frontiers of the. Sabbath.":: eiRetsin"g to our own apital, there nere isicial perfonininces on a iid salue ii consmuioir with 'this c, nmemoi'ion at Ekter Hall, St. JLimes's IHull, the Albert Hall, niadarious minoir placei of ,entertmiiiundeit, th' priogriimme in' e~l ciuse con Stsiting in the muin of 'Scotch ?ngs igaid baillads, tds gcthlidr with the strains'of the pibirol.' To:':note the w??ds of the balh?ild about one of tlhese melodies it " myb bsaid of thle music,i i' ll theis us?,ee , that' : ,, t!.i saloud, itas iisi,e ,ewild ad the breee; , S iJt udereit dbotine se.er. f l seys; " i l''r ss ' , s,., t r:.ierly,, pumonele,tad hbrs I'masacre; si: p- i' *"utsatil iormdosoinetl s tgghted noir::i*:. ..., he puasiful se iali ady oc· h i ulsi iiiiws-clh -oie to disscitheam otcus erstofhliemic o?he ctrio ufo.tr ~tl by pi am piuelrals hip uis admitted h o , u hs also aralleged c pi , - "ientl?oY foepok ed sited orf theby?ot thia orelimialo I c'xaionationi that-ho rc..ced a-wishanote to ps-h 'the prosechtitnli any further. The m?g;strate, how ever, had' grave doubts:ns; to his right to let it drop; and, after further consideration, deemed it his duty on public grounds to commit both dcfeci danit; for trial. T'he grantd.'jury lhowever, has throwii out the bill against them: :' s, December 21. h. 'e Senate is not dyiug game; after ill the' thlratenings of the coaleceed monarchists in that moribund Assembly, their last legislative acts have been devoted to :hanginl the colour of the soldiers'a pantaloons, and improving the nhoeing of cavalry horses. J'Not a word from the great saviours of society. M'essrs. do Broglie and Buffet, about the social peril,' family religion, that the accession to power of millionaire republicans and married churchgoing fathers, was to compromise. The fact is, that screaming farce against the Republic has been played out, and its actors hissed off the stage. It has ever been a problem with French tailors to make 'a pantaloon for their braces "that would never blush." Senator and chemist Kestner pro-. poses to effect this by employing a new colour, ali zarine, in place of madder. The Minister of War neerr bheard of such a dye, but as its use would effect a saving of 15,000,000fr.-more than is required to endow the reformed churches and the synagogues he was prepared to investigate the discovery. Sedan is not a lucky name for the army ; this town sup plies the cloth' to the military clothiers, and great complaints have been current as to its quality; after using it a short time, the troops complained they had "nothing to wear." But how did the military inspectors accept broadcloth below sample? They niot only received, but demanded'us a matter of course, bribes fromnt the manufacturer; and here is how one palm was greased to the tune of 6000fr., said Senator Gridaine, producing a letter from an officer demanding.'said sum. The Minister of Jiustice hiring read the letter, put it in his pocket; soon he will set his furies to work. Turkev and Russia are thus not the only countries whuce back sheesh has to be met as indubitably as death and the tax gatherer. Under tihe second emipire, this cor ruption was hardly concealed ; but at' p'rsent; it is enough to make the snow melt on the cheek of the statue of the Republic on the vestibule of the Champ de tars. Up to the present the inferiority. of the French cavalry horses was considered du? to the animals being fed on the Gascon principle, and to excessive cheese-paring in the price offered for the animals to breeders, which compelled the latter, despite the best patriotism in the world, to prefer English pitr chasers. But money has no odour, or if any at all, not unfragrant. Senator Latour traces the cavalry defects to the horses being badly shod, the conse 'quence of inefficient farriers. The latter, it seems, wrhen their period of service is completed, desire to enter into private life, as rapidly as non-coni missioned ofilcers. For want of a nail, the shoe was lost; for want of a shoe, &e.; Even the rigid Conservatives, those who desire to govern against the will of the nation, commence to. feel that it a down-right bore and loss of valuable time, having to go to Versailles to discharge legisla tive duties: hence it is not improbable the Cham-' bers may h]old their nest Session in Paris. One of the advantages and dangers of thelegislature sitting in the Corps Legislatif was that it: the event of revolution, the representatives could be thrown con-' veniently into the Seine. This prospect is no longer possible, since the nation has learnt to rely on coutys of voting papers, instead of cojups of rifles. Then th'se disturbers of political peace, the Royalists and Bonapartists, having been definitely set aside in favor of the nation itself governing, no revolutions are' henceforth possible, so the services of 3it. Valerien, will be no longer required, to protect the palace of Yersailles with its cannon. Of late, the legislation as well as the administration of the coun try has been conducted, partly in Paris, partly in railway trains, and partly at Versailles. Tihe parlia mentary trains ire accused of being freighted with as many 'soiled doves as legislators. There was a tinme when lcThiers was President, that he would have been impeaclhed had Ihe slept out of Versailles a single night; now the IMarshal never resides in the necropolis of Frmne though bound to do so uccording to the same unrepecled ?ede aud Persian lan.: Neither this death-bed tolerance towardnls the Republic, 'nor a conscience- struck admiration for Thiers, whom they overthrew and persecuted, will save the outgoing Monarclhal senators, from not so much a well-merited defeat, as an execution. The lFrectraders have at last taken time by the forelock, and have held a meeting in the Theatre Ilalien- an establishment which,, after being sold for an insurance otliee. itlhas beenfoumd could not be appropriated for other than musical purosees. 'The, Presidents of the Chambers of Commerce of Paris, Lyotns, and Bordcaux, assisted by other notable, persons, i; "wentini for the firethode ticket," and not a moment too soon, as their rivals were commencing to irave a hold on the country, and seizing the ocea sion of the universal commercial depression to black bdil the foreigu trader. This society must not be confounded with that'specially constituted for con verting the United States to lowered lariffs. It must be confessed the. French' are very apathetic about.the whole business: perhaps they may dis play more icterest when the absorbing question of the Senatorial elections shall Iave been settled next month. Then the Ministry must produce a pro grammce.. Tlie Republiams-dirvided on the ueitiofi -will have to' outbid the Botapartists on liberal commercial treaties, and if the latter woisld orily devote their attention to matters of this sature they would soon i£nd 'it 'hpa better than organising Billingsgate rows ii tlhe Chambers, celebrating political inidses, and feasting at banquets, where the dishes are named after the "'glories" of the bite Empire,' less lMexic acid 'Sedan--too suggestive of the Banquo ghost. Besides the common event of.duelling, sciow balling is the next prominent amusement, in which small as well as moustache boys heartily join ; with these combatants, as rith the sappers, nothitig is sacred ; I noticed them.imprinting "stars"-on 'the equestrian statue of Louis XIV. in the Place de la' Victoire, as alio on the snerameintal Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity, painted in black letters over a communal school. In- some instances snow was made into blocks, and the features of Napolcoii IlI. shaped, by a few master touches of' a knife; then it was as irreverently treated as if it were a Guy Fawkes. ' Many spectators were delighted at the punishment thus indicted on the effigy of the "MIan of Sedan"-as it was baptised. Jules Janin called, in a cholerie moment, Paris "the city of mud", -and which made Victor Hugo his enemy for ever. The caplital is very- muddy now: cities generally are duriog a thaw. The frost is only flirting with l u; just when skates are being takendown, a soft sou' wester arrives; and necssitate~s ltheir going up agis?i. Evoes the taps in the Jardin d'Acclimation--a poor speculation-have no snow to show off their barrel: stave shoes, and the reindeer thieaten to fall into consumption in presence of ourl half-anl-half winter. The annual pargraph has appeared in the papers, that wild geese have been observed flying south wards, thus indicative of course of a severc wintcr':i this is not a concealed hint to the crowd of sturdy invalids'; iho migrate to warm-er climes; TIlhe running up of the shanties fdr tlhe Boulevard FiFir recmindsdis of :tlld approdch of s-lnter, and tlhe ad reetisements of ' book furniturc "for, snch orily are thlie gorgeosly bouid volumes,! suggest iew Y'ear's ay, arid all its begging or tippilng associa If 'iny' persodn desires io have in idna of whalt 'ice E?xhibition' would be hlad' it re?uined' openi axiiing thiic"siite', it is ni'nly nccesliry to visit teI tmallice ouf'liidusty·Jy"iy oi fillcd like a btcazanrobr a thleitrial' stoi' '-oom iiiih at itirgcce colledtionof lifttey"bljeeets.?"'Eolus ,iuppiers to hare takec up his head qnitsidrs heo alas ;'it is a cipital ujsipf for itisuhilice boffices tis reomniciend : tiuhiitints' tqoisit; or fdr'icdplid?s?'htiis cdiiet mceleF too.' The bcilding of the 'Etilibitinfui?iould 'be fild'ds work'-in'ecom iarisoiifwithl its heiititi'n' It wbtild irmain a Silbria, even were all the stores exposed utiisseda '1Th lien pression gained-from glancing ait thie corucoplia of prizes is their unndoubted rielccss pictures by ren?nowned 'arlists, Sermas poreciiis, ,'Tapclh rnaes, iisi':tapestiy,:Iirdiies, furniture,i arma," &e.; :" It. is diflicilt t?lind th"' petty prize?, as?iutehes,;'jewelh hers l-r c;' nlaLisipo s?wlnig rmilichitibes liqnors,' toys, I1 aid'iipljtieents. Tihe loceniibtiec is theremanaid that ( thios'in'e' cmic' eedldhucd for 3500fr'.." Gued:the ebisibim' a'c ge'hi of'Sivrs Clhtiiic'and'imi intifij g ut lit h brnaibit'i'u'ictinancielpuc. Tle'dayis nlot jet' fixed for commeneing the drawings, when the"'od chance shall givoe a blow of a blind man's wand to all these treasures_;_awarding musical boxes to the deaf, velocipedes to the, paralysed, firearms to metnibers o6' peace soceities; Jiapaii vases to coal men';o aoid more 'crcl still, carrioges to millionaires, and diamonds to duchesses.; -The visitors abound, walk. about as if.monarchs of all; they surveyed, selecting ini their own minds this and that object as certain to be theirs, aoid feeling their pocketbooks as' if capitalists ' filled with "-one fran c'tickets. :Whaot a "Day of Dupes" is in store for thousands. The newly elected bditooier,' or President of the barristers, gave the usual familyfJile to. the order. Instead- of lecturing the law students on patience, he entertained them lwith a serious clinic on the " malabdy of impatience." In reviewing the pro feisiomials 'dead during the past year, 31.' icolet paid a tribute to Professor Vallette,-.who after the coup d'E?li, when deputies were carted to M3anes miand Mt. Valerieu, demaounded of, Louis Kapolelo to be arrested, possessing, xis he said, the two qualifi cations, "I am riepresentative of the pfeople, and I teach law."' , Wthat a frightful tragedy--the"'suicide of one of the wealthiest and: youngest manufacturers obf France: Six .yearss.ago ,he was .married,' and his family consists :of; for children: . is wife had criminal relatioas witll theli 'tile· before 'her mar riage, and nninterruptedly 'sinee: - nder pretext of examining the store in the cellar, or counting the ivine, ,the, wif, aiid the'butler m niet there, and servants- frequently siurprised them,' in 'flagranle "delicto: the husband, only learned the infidelity whenl dismissing a ser'n?ut for insolence; 'he taxed his wife with her fault. She madea fullconfession. Unable to believe he was the fathler of the children, and concluding 'that' skit inan ilhlistrated journal was aimed at him, he retired to his bed-roos and blew out his brains. Shop- lifting' on the part of ladies in high social and wealthy position, is not onr the decrease: MIme. Girardon, a proincial hlady with a reintroll of 'fr. 300,000, has beeii arrested for prigging all she could lay her hand on. - She avowed she could not resist the:temiptation to steal; and had been arrested on two other occasions.' Clearly the.woman's mind mas affected since'she lost hlei- fosr children,. and has' had to i nurse a paralytic husband since fifteen years.'' ' It is proposed to include the rnames of those persons who perform acts of' heroism in civic life; in an order of the day, to be issued and published by the Prefect of Police. Recently a poor mother aith her little baby tlhrew herself into the Seine at Sevres, impelled by maisery; a young man aged 20 juinimed in, rescued them, gave all the money he had, a 20fr. piece, to assist them, and lassed on. There is no legion. of honor for this bravery; formerly no recompense was gireis for sa'ing the drowned, but 20Ofr. was payiible on discovering the corpse. The rescues were nil. - ltowever,'since the same price is paid for saving, a man living as finding one when dead, ifewer drownings occur. ..The. aiucients had this excellent proverb: " Look'at me. and I will act well; encourage me, and I will do better." It' ill soon be as dillictilt for it freemason to enter the kingdom of heaven as a rich nian. The Bishop of Nimes has issued a pastoral, prohibiting a masbu to enter- a chureh if wsearing his.insignia; if the latter be, as "is usuaal, deposited oi" the collin, the priest is to retire; if a lodge gives books to schools as prizes, thesc'are to be refused, and if a notorious W.G-.M. or a Black Prince-.be on his deathbed, ex treme nnetion is to be refused him 'till lie recants. How far we are from the halcyon days, When a girl. could boast, "'I kissed my love w'ith his apron'on." The 3Marquis de Cherrille states lie has seen a setter tlmt was once wounded by his master with a few pellets iiteinded for a corey, between two andil three o'clock one afternoon ; since then, the dog's ilitelligence is such that when the said 'hoursarrives, hle refuses to set, and runs home. nmovement is on foot to suppress an odd villagc flte; that of killing pigs il public by 'cuttinsg the throit, and at which, in the country towns, wonclln and children assist as a treat ; knocking the animal on the head is snot 'a solution, ais one returned to live when covered with burning straw to singe the hair off, and created sad lhavose o his persecutors.. General Chanzy is blamed for allowing his aide dc-calrp to fight, instead of himself, a duel with an editor. On one occasion two gentlemeil dispilted over Marshal Ifurmons ; '" I am'hIis ide de-dctuunp," said one of the disputants, "and desond satinfac tion ;" " 1 nmt a notary, sir," was the reply, "and my chief clerk shall be at your ordlers.n aurse presei'ting the first little stranger to a de lighted but aged faither: "hIow it resembles you, Monisieur, oaus teeth, sans hair." " I 'must have robbed somebody,: said a hard-up individual on finding one sous inll is pocket, "as I have had no monaey, to changei for six months.'' : Between ladies: .Are you tied to Mnmc.; X-. by friendship.?' I' No, only by labitude." There. is an old -coquette in Paris :oted dead since tell years ; once admirers are collecting funds 't enable her to bury her'elf.' Atthe: latter end of last year Mr.: Colin Casmpbell finally retired from :political life, and took ordersrin the :Church: of En'gland being ordained by the TBishop of :Ballarat. MIr.Campbell officiated as curate at Ararat for a time, but has lately been presented; by the bishop' ;itl' the incumbency. of Ballan, and liis left his old station for thant 'place, His sfriends in :the district r of Crowlands, which Ihe 'once represented in- Parliament, have resolved 'to' present him with'::a testi monial worthy of his ncelptance land steps are being takein:to foruard that:oobjects.: Tihe German arito Austrian Governments have under contemplatiion the establishment of a sanitary cordon itlonig the :Russiaiifron tier;" by' ;way :of :precaution I'against "' "the plague, shbould'tliat diseiiae extend ifs ravages westwards. hLatest adwices froanCape colony state that Cetaijayo, had upi tbo t'ie (ill is?t.: failed to reply to the ultimatiim sent t n'hiin b, Sir Bartle Frere, and it is now' evidenlt tat ; ita is hisintention to fight." lt e British Coin manider of.'tie Forces Will iatit tillthlie 11th iunst. n order to receive hs cmnpl e sub nmission aneanuhile every,:pel ti is hbem mnndo Its tress tne frontier., 