THE SYDNEY INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. [By favor of the Executive Commissioners.] Sydney, July 29. The Exhibition bnilding is rapidly approaching completion, and the large dome will be finished in a few days. Extraordinary progress is'being made in the erection of the exterior buildings. One machinery hall will shortly be in the pos session of the Commissioners. All the necessary arrangements are made for motive power and shafting for the machinery exhibits. The French man-of-war Rhine, with Capt. Mathien, the Director-General, and his staff, is expected daily. The Japanese exhibits arrived by the Athol, and are stored in the build ing. Up to date nearly 5,000 cases from various countries are to hand. The various European Courts are already crowded with cases, and the unpacking will commence shortly. The New South Wales exhibits are commencing to arrive. A! splendid ethnological collection from Fiji and other South Sea Islands, collected by the officers of H.M.S. Wolverine, is now in the building. The grand organ has arrived, and will be erected as soon as the platform for its reception is finished. Mr. Gresley Lukin, the Executive Commis sioner for Queensland, takes possession of the Court of that colony early next week, when he will commence its decorations. Tasmania is making great efforts to hold an equal position with the other colonies, and is sending a tin trophy weighing 7a tons, besides other valuable products and manufactures. The California mail now at Auckland brings His Excellency the Right Hon. Lord Augustus Loftus, G.C.B., the President of the Commission, and a large number of American exhibits. Arrangements are to be made by which no money for admis sion will be taken at the entrances to the Exhibition, as it is considered.that to doss would cause obstruction and delay; but the tickets will be sold at the principal business establishments in Sydney, and at offices ap pointed by the Commissioners. There was a fair attendance at White's BoomB on Tuesday evening to witness D'Arcy Bead's ghost entertainment.. .The entertain ment contains some amusing scenes, which were provocative of no, slight amount of amusement. Mr. Steiner, the silvermith, of Hundle street,hasnow in hand apiece of workmanship that will add to the fame of his establishment and help to sustain the oredit of South Australia at the Sydney Exhibition. It will be remembered that the volunteer officers whs fired in a recent match at Dry Creek resolved that a trophy should be subscribed for, which should be a prize to be competed for annually, and that it should .take the form of the famous Elcho shield. Mr. Steiner hashiot only furnished a design for the trophy, but his workmen are now engaged in its construction. It will cost about a hundred guineas, will be larger than the Elcho shield, being about 26 inches by 24 inches, and will be a very handsome specimen of the silversmith's 1 art. The shield will bear the City of Adelaide arms with a representation of the new colors that were recently presented to the volunteers, and will have a riband or scroll at foot, upon which will be inscribed a suitable motto. All the scroll work will be raised and massive, and the trophy will be-well worthy of its"Cestinatioh in the Town Hallt where it will be deposited after the Exhibition is brought to a close. The Port Augusta Dispatch of July .25 says:—" During the rain on Wednesday and Wednesday night the .temperature was ex ceedingly low, and it was remarked by several persons that it was cold enough for snow. This was found to be literally true, for yesterday morning the snow was seen lying on Mount Browm and the adjoining hills, not in small patches, but in large masses, which reached far down towards, the foot of the hills, one of the most prominent hills to the south of Mount Brown showing an unbroken expanse of show at least a mile in length, and covering the whole south-western slope as far as the hill was visible. This was te be seen very clearly up to about half-past 7 o'clock, after which the bills were wreathed in a white fog, which made it difficult to distinguish the snow from the vapor. Both Mount Arden and Mount Be markable presented the same Alpine appearance, the snow remaining on each of them until far on in the day. Snow has been previously seen on a few occasions on the top of Mount Brown, but never since the country has been settled by white men has it been seen in such quantities as yesterday." The half-yearly meeting of the share holders of the Adelaide Steamtug Company was held at the office of the Company, on Tuesj day morning, July 29. There were 15 share holders present, representing 7,000 shares. Sir T. Elder occupied the chair, and moved the adoption of the balance-sheet, which showed a profit on the half-year's operations of £3,938 17s. 5d. The Directors proposed to appropriate that amount as follows :—£2,250 representing a dividend of 4s. fid. per share; £1,000 to be carried to the renewal and depreciation account, and £66817s. 5d. to be carried forward to the next half- year's operations. During the past half-year the Adelaide had been laid up instead of the Yatala, on the recommenda tion of the surveyor, as her machinery was more expensive than that of the latter boat; The Chairman observed that the only additional in formation the Directors considered necessary to lay before the shareholders was the last clause of the Auditors' report, viz.—" That the past half-year's operations exhibited an increase of £130 5s. lid. on the earnings, and a decrease of £32fi lis. lOd. in the expenditure, showing a result of £456 17s. 9d. better than that'of the. preceding half-year. The total result was better by £1,66118s. Id. than that of thecor ' responding half-year in 1878." The adoption of the balance-sheet, was seconded by Mr. D. Bower, M.F., and carried. In reply to a question asked by Mr. Bowerj Mr. Charnook, J.P., naif! a.contract had been made between the OrientSteamshipCompanyandtheTugOompauy for twelve months. The Hon. J. Fisher, M.L.C., and Mr. O'Halloran, were deputed to sign the minutes of the meeting.on behalf of the share holders, and Mr. J. Neill was reappointed Auditor. , _ 