HAMLEY BRIDGE AND BALAK- LAVA RAILWAY. This line, the laying of which has just bean completed, is about twenty-two and a quarter miles in length. The distance from Hamley Bridge to the junction with the Port Wake field and Blyth line is twenty-one and a half miles, the junction being effected about three quarters of a mile north of the Balaklava Station. The contract for this railway was signed on August 19, 1878, the works being commenced on September 2. The line was to be finished by the 1st of September of this year, but owing to unavoidable delays, repre sented to the Government by the contractor, the time for completion was extended to November 15\. On that date the line was linked through and communication established between Ade laide and Kadina ; but the contract is still far from being completed. The works throughout are of the lightest description, the only one of im portance being the bridge over the River Gilbert. This stream has been spanned by a timber structure having one 20 ft. and ten 30 ft. open ings, being a total length of 322 feet, and at a level of 45 ft. above the river bed. The bridge is built on piles driven to an average depth of 12 ft. below the surface on to a rock foundation, and in five piers where the ground was found too hard for driving. The piles have been planted either on cement blocks or on timber cills resting on masonry piers. The timber used is redgum and jarrah. The bridge as finished is an im posing structure, and will be strong enough to carry loads greatly in excess of what is likely ever to be taken across it. On leaving Hamley Bridge the line runs parallel to the North line for a quarter of a mile, when it branches off and makes for Balaklava in a pretty direct line. At the fourth mile the highest point on the railway is attained, and the line then runs through a gently undulating country to Balaklava, the lavel of which is 150 feet lower than Hamley Bridge. The gradients have been limited to one in eighty ; but where these occur they are of short length, and will inter fere but little with the economical work ing of the line. The formation has been kept as close to the surface as practicable, and con sequently the earthwork is light throughout, the diep*»t cutting not exceeding 11 feet. About 45.000 onbic yards of earth hive been moved. There are ten curves, two only being of 15 chains radius, tho rest varying fmm 30 ch-iins to 1A miles. A timber bridge of tour 20-ft. openings spans the Stockyard Creek at the seventh mile, and another of three 10-ft. openings the Wilderness Creek at the tenth mile. The thirty culverts along the line hive h(-en built in limeconcreteof excellent material. The railway is all feucetl-off with the exception of fire miles which passes throngh the scrub. _ At Stockyard Creek a station, goods shed, and siding accommodation have been provided. About half a mile to the right of the line at this point a reservoir has been excavated to a depth of 11 feet, capable when full of holding over three million gallons. Owing to this not being finished in time the first flood water from the creek was lost, and the gentle rain of the season has been too light to supply more than one- third of the quantity. A weir has been thrown across the creek, and the general impression is that the reservoir is in a favourable position, and will be of invaluable service, not only for locomotive wants, but for the district generally in seasons of draught. A private township, Bartleville, is already in existence, adjoining the station, and this place will become of importance as the nearest station to the Alma Plains. Near the Wilderness Creek, at the tenth mile, a platform and siding will be supplied for the new Government township of Owen, and the new lands in the Dalkey district recently sold. From this to the fifteenth mile the line passes through a forest of mallee and pine. Fine limestone ballast has been found con tiguous to the line throughout, and at the eleventh mile a large depot has been formed. At this point the Government have acted wisely in reserving two large sections, from which an unlimited supply of ballast and firewood can be obtained. The opening of the Hamley Bridge and Balak lava Railway will necessarily cause a revolu tion in the present traffic between Adelaide and Port Wakefield and the Peninsula, and it is even suggested that the public travelling between Adelaide and the Areas will prefer this route by way of Balaklava and Blyth, if a convenient and rapid journey thence can be established by the Traffic Department. The contractor for this line has had one of tbe driest seasons on record to contend with, and time and money have been sacrificed in sup plying the different camps with water and keep ing the men employed on the works together. The work generally has been done in a sub stantial manner, and the line, notwithstanding itc bting the cheapest yet made in South Aus tralia, will compare favourably with any other in the colony in point of solidity. At Hamley Bridge arrangements are being pushed on for the working of the two gauges, and a new station-yard has been provided at Balaklava for the increased traffic. The amount of the contract was £44,986 11s. Benefit Entertainment. — On Tuesday night an entertainment, under the patronage of the Freemasons, was given in White's Booms for the benefit of Mr. D'Arcy Read, who lately gave a series of ghost exhibitions in the same place, and has since suffered some misfortunes. Tbe front seats were well filled, but the other parts of the ball were poorly patronised. A domes tic farce entitled 'Young Precocious,' in which Mr. acd Mrs. D'Arcy Read and "Little Annie" Read sustained the characters, opened the pro gramme, after which a concert was given by Mr. De Vere, a male soprano. Little Annie, and Mr. T. Wilkins, the cornet player. Mr. De Vere also appeared in the role of a ventriloquist. The entertainment then concluded with Dibdin's operetta of ' The Waterman,' the per formers being Mrs. Read, Miss Jewell, and Messrs. Ingram. Reeves, and Robson. Altogether a very enjoyable evening was spent. 