THE ROMAN CATHOLIC PASTORALS AND JOHN HENRY NEWMAN. To the Editors of the Protestant Standard. ) ; Slits,— I .quote from , the second Pastoral- "But John Henry Newman . ever loved truth better than dear f riends, and he surely could not . have bestowed a more, precious gift upon the world than , to express. ,to it, in his own, way; his deepest convictions; concerning; the snares - that are being set for its children, iand the devices of theenemyfor achieving their moral and spiritual, ruin." : ' . Such is the natural laudation of John Henry' Newman ,byrthpse . to whose ranks lie at: last de- serte.d, and to those .who,. -are ignorant of the true bearings of the subject it may appear fair and reasonable till the other side :of ; the question is heard.; Dr. Newman was, one of the clergy men of : the Protestant Churcli-of England, led away captive by the sophistry and machinations , i ;of the : Jesuits, who became members:,of the University of Oxford in accordance with Rome's tactics, to pervert tho weak members entering , ;that Church. He may be fail ly compared to a fine frigate sailing under false colours, , all licr guns aboard and any quantity of powder,, but : her shells and shot are made of shoddy,, and not a single ton of ballast on board , lier. On her beam ends with every vain blast ; alarming and cowing weak men and women with the infernal noise of her broadsides, . but utterly - impotent against a faithfully-appointed ship, all her firing being "sound and fire, signifying nothing." Not having a shot in her lockers of the true metal, and then, after doing; all the mischief! she and her -crew.-! could by , iso wing .-treason broadcast throughout the- fleet, ; she, quietly sails over to the enemy; by whom she is welcomed as a bul- wark .of ..defence,; and her shoddy shot is sent flying in all directions, -as witness the stirring Pastoral of Dr. Vaughan. John Henry Newman was. the avowed author of the notorious " M. G. O. of T'racts for the Times," aud I quote the' following from the pen of a sound Protestant, who reviewed it and understood him thorouglily- " Our fathers and our mothers too, yielded up their Hves for the testimony of the Lord Jesus, in those dreadful days when the Papal .Anti- Christ lorded it over God's hen tage,! and hailed to prison and a fiery death' those, who believed on Him, according to the record which God has given us of him in the Gospel ; .and the same enemy,, who'theh spake as a dragon,: while de voting the saints to slaughter, how approaches in the guise of a lamb, in order to take adyam tage of our credulity. " ; -!'.:. -See the" following -from Dr. Yaughan's Pas toral, viz'.1:— " She (the Roman Church) cannot but succeed ; she must advance, and will subdue her enemies by her courage, lier truthfulness, and, above all, by her gentleness and charity towards them." But, to proceed with my quota tion. "Mr. Newman has distinctly and unequivo- cally declared in this pamphlet, 'M. G. O.,' that his object is to do away with all hindrances , that now prevent the Romanist from intruding into ,tne . ministerial "ofiice : of our Protestant Church. In fact some have stolen in covertly, and are now. preparing , by .means of such sophistry the way for either a voluntary, avowal or an. anticipated discovery of what they are. Grievous wolves have already. entered, the fold, and the shepherds who should watch over us and detect, and expel them seem" unaccountably heedless of, the danger; but we have in our hands ' the touchstone of truth, by which ; we may ' prove all: things ' in order to .'hold fast that which is ' good.'- For ourselves, our chil dren, our servants, if for no others, we- stand accountable to God, that nothing subversive of this truth' be knowingly received among us : and with'such a work before us. as this of Mr. New man's we cannot pretend ignorahco of the point to which the doctrines of his school tend; , or question' for one moment that their tendency is to lead .us bock to, Popery. . i-ii-. .''And what is Popery 1 Is it a peculiar form of Christianity,- an ancient and venerable branch of -the Catholic, or - Universal; Church, . encum bered with some errors, . but still -professing the features of an apostolic community ?; No ; it'is! a system clearly, copiously unequivocally .pre dicted and pourtrayed iu the Word of God, and- denounced by the Holy Ghost as' the greatest of: ab ominations,- the darkest - of apostacies. - Those , who embrace it are described as' departing from the- faith, : giving heed to seducing spirits- and- doctrinesv of. -devils ; its official - head, is desig-; nated the- Man of Sin,j tho 'son of perdition— a title belonging ito i Judas -Iscariot, - who, from; being.numbered with' the apoBtles, by transgres-i . sion fell :from bis high ' office, and became the; vilest. of .traitors and murderers: The Church, .thus apostate and criminal; - is describe 1 as the; mother of harlots and abominations of the' earth ; and the cup that she hords-forth,- instead ;of being replenished -with- the water of ; life-- is i full: of all- filthiness and; abomination) while she ; herselfiis drunken : with- the blood of :saints:ahd j with the blood 'of - the - martyrs of- Jesus. - Her i -final ruin-is -prefaced, by an urgenj, cry to; God's j tpeople .tol' come out of her, ' lest being partakers j :in her sinsi they should -receive of her plagues, i and;when at last the- judgment1 falls- upon1 her this <;call is heard— ' Rejoieo over : her- thoil beaveh.i .and ye holy iapostles aud-prophetsi'-'for God hatlv avenged you of her.-' -And this is what Mr. Newman'caHs the i' Catholic 'Church, tliis is the' .communion;- from which 1 we, (Protestants) have sinfufiy- withdrawri,' and tohich he; longs toreiunitesus;?. '" Much- has been said of the talent, the'learn- ing,- the piety of those- who 1 have' been "engaged for some years in putting forth these' tracts. Talent; and, :,learningrthey;undoubtedl.y':ppssess, but .wliiletth'ey put them, to'such fa, iise ,asf this we'must needs question the reality pf their piety in the sense that their, eulogists attach to the word. Surely Elymas possessed learning, for he was a sorcerer ; and talent, for he relied on his powers to turn aside the deputy from the faith. But wnat said the Holy Ghost to him, speaking by the mouth of Paul, ' O full of all subtlety aud all . mischief, thou child' of the devi1,' thou enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord? Here, then we see plainly the difference between Pro testants and Romanists in their opinion -of Dr. Newman and his writings, and it is just as great as in- all- vital points; as between education -and; ignorance, liberty and slavery, - truth and false hood, -the God of Truth and the Father of, -Lies." f-.-'. -' ; Is it not another distinct mis-statement of Dr. Vaughan when- lie writes — "While tho Pope- was about to honour him (Dr. Newman), and whilst England was ringing with his praises. ' iWlio were the Englishmen who sang his praises? Those only who, like Dr. Vaughan says of him self,; I believe, are subjects of the Pope first and- Victoria next. Protestant England looks with, the deepest disgust, and indignation uppn, the. subterfuge and treachery so openly avowed and exposed in No. 90, but does not for a' moment, begrudge him his fully-earned reward' in all , tM honour Popery can. heap upon him, ; ahdProtest- ants in New South Wales look!upph his .foreign- dignity with' the ' same ' indifference and '. com placency, as that well-known bumouristj jwbo on being told a certain friend of. his had been dubbed a knight, .exclaimed,;,'' Indeed !. .w'ell,irit .just serves the rascal right." !:..:' . ' 'The whole burthen!of the "beatitudes " sung by the hieravchy ia .this— Tlio Popes' are our in- ;falUble!-'':GodsVoii;>i&'j'...weV.;ttevb.i8hops!fahd. priests urider thein, afe the Chrirch." Those who worship us, obey our every command, (are _ the faithful. All outside the Church are disobedient, heretics and infidels, cursed by God fand us, and worthy of death at our hands if we can but -ob- -tain the temporal power and- -canon rule 'once again. To accomplish this, we must-bring ' up Rome's children to believe all wo cell them, and keep them in "darkness and ignorance of what all history witnesses against !us.-- -We cannot do so unless they arc kept perfectly ' distinct and apart from the children of heretics "and infidels aforesaid.- Apart-they must be kept at all risks, or the truth will 'dawn upon : them and our blessed occupation begone. And now let us do our utmost to delude , our . weak and - liberal- minded Protestant enemies with the profession of our truth, gentleness apd charity towards them, and persuade' them to pay the expenses for Rome's schools ; and if we caniiot so delude them, we will gather together' our forces— our Jesuit, Marist, Franciscan, Xavcrian and Chris tian brothers and our pioneers, '.the Promonstra- tensiaus, aud finally compel them. Yes, and we, Protestants, will indeed bo weak, deluded fools — rebels to the God of Truth and Justice — if wo do not unite and, being forewarned and forearmed, "Stand fast in the faith and earnestly , contend. . Yours, faithfully, PERAN-ZEBULVE. September, 1S79. 