CHAPTER XLI. CONCLUSION. Lord Loveden returned to town immediately after Eleanor's funeral, Leonard Marston following in a few days, to go through the legal requirements be- fore taking legal possession of the estate. He did not go to Ialewoiib, contacting himself with writing I a few lines ta Lady Loveden. Ao soon as possible be returned to Tregarvan, where affairs required his I attention. He found the business mattera connected I with the property in great confusion, Mrs. Grwn brooke had burnt all the acconnts and paper shs could lay her lunds on before shs committed th fatal dead, Leonard Marston, however, was clear-headed, and not without experience, and his brother George canA to him for a fortnight, and rendered most valoabio assistance, In the end it wns found that the co- heiresses of Tregarvan-for Mr. Marston Tregarvan only considered himself as bis daughters' steward would be much more wealthy than hud been sup- posed. The next thing was to prepare for tbem & cheerful home Before winter Bet in, the old man- sion was filled with w^rk people under the direction of a. architect, who had undertaken to render it a pleasant habitation, without deatroying its character. New decorations and furniture were also selected with the same view. Early in the following spring. Tregarvan Tower was ready to receive its new in- mates. Mrs. Robert Marston, it hud been agreed, was to bring Gem and Lucy, and ber own little Lot- tie, and to remain for a long visit, Robert or Georgs coming for a vcook at a time, as either could be spared from business. Gem's delight at the idea of living in the country with her father was unbounded. " There is only one thing I want, papa," she said after Mr. Marston had led her over the house, and through the gardens, and shown her the pony that was to be hers; "only one thing ia the whole world I" " And what is that, my pet ?" her father asked, as she put her arms round his neck, and laid her cheek to his. " I want Mies Conrad to come and live with us. Don't you think if we were to tell her we wanted her she would come ?" she asked. " Gem, shall I tell you a secret ?" said Leonard Maratón, the warm blood rushing to his cheek?« *' Whisper-I am going to try." ""j Agnes Conrad bad accompanied Lord and Lady Loveden to Highbeecbes, but both her health and that of Lady Loveden hnd suffered from recent trials, and Sir Wigram Cull, being conaulted, recom- mended thorough change of scene. Lord Loveden therefore, determined to take bia wife and her friend to winter in Italy, and when spring came, none of them caring to enter upon the London season, they took a lovely villa on the banks of the Lake of Como, and here they lingered as the months went on, Lord Loveden and Hilda too happy in each other's society to miss that of the gny world, But as autumn came they began to think of tbeir duties in England, and as both Hilda and Agnes'health was perfectly restored, they moved homeward by slow stages, intending to be at Highbeeches by November. It was at Geneva that Leonard Marston Tregarvan found them just at vintage time. There is no need to s..y what that meeting was to two of the party at any rate, Leonard and Agnes were married quietly at Qeneva, Lord Loveden giving the bride away« They took a short tour through switzerland, and then returned to Tregarvan, where Gem and Lucy received their now mamma with open arms. Nanny Prior did not need much persuasion to in- duce her to take up her residence at thb tower again, where she is a person of no small importance among the increased staff of servants. Old Penan did not live through the winter, but some months before bia death Jennifer had been installed as mistress of the home farm. Adam is OB devoted as ever to his garden, and a happy man, excepting when Jennifer, in mischievous mood, occasionally twits him about the Tregarvan ghosts. Lord Loveden, pleased with Mr. Parker, and thinking him thrown away in. the position he oc- cupied, obtained for him a situation as vice-consul» Mr. Parker, deeply grateful, sailed for the shores ot « the Mediterranean, to begin life under better ausSf pices. Nothing wos ever heard of either Mr. Green-'t brooke or Luke Tresaider. It ia most probable they had betaken themselves beyond the reach of civilized society, where they might feel themselves tolerably secure from the long arm of the law, Mr. Marston Tregarvan had not taken posses/iion of the estate long, when he received a besging letter from Frederick Qreenbrooke, coucha in terms of the utmost misery. Mr. Marston 89nt him a sum for immediate relief, and offer?'^ U8e tis influence in procuring for him a sit/ftion> if he would turn over a new leaf; but/ ""8 offdr Mr. Marston received no reply, tf nothwg more was heard of him, till one day ,en he was in town, happening to pass by the 'Sr °[ °ns of the minor theatres, ho saw him BP¿* Vblbby &rouP-probably; super» numernrK 7ae"9h,fteM' and the like-waiting for a<jjBrston g¡(j noj¡ Wftit to be accos{e(j. jjg fe]fc pity for the young scamp. If he had found leans to earn bread to eat, it was as much as he was worth, and giving bim more money would only have led bim into fresh temptation to idleness and ¿ia» lipatioD. Miss Spindler was invited to Tregarvan, but could not be prevailed upon to leave home. But the Tre- garvan family are in town for two or three months each spring, and the little girls are delighted to re sew their acquaintance with Crusty and Boots, Mr. and Mrs. Marston Tregarvan feel it a duty for tba children's Bake to keep up society, and to maka themselves a place in the world; but their greatest happiness lies at home, and they are always thank- ful to quit the gaieties and bustle of London, bless- ing others, and blessed in each other, to return to> Tregarvan Tower. (THIS KND.) 