AMERICAN NEWS. £3T We compile the following from late American, jour- i noils:— The Revival of Business.—The York ' Tribune' publishes the reports of a num ber of interviews with prominent business men in that city on the trade prospects, and says that the leading business men of New York express the belief that the times are steadily improving. The abund ant harvests in the West and South are cited as a basis for this belief. _ The re vival of manufacturing interests in differ ent parts of the country is also mentioned as proof of returning prosperity. Prices in all departments of trade are firm, with the tendency to rise. In many cases the volume of business for the past six months shows an increase over that of any cor responding period since 1873, and in every instance the value of business for the present season is considerably in ex cess of that of last year. Intelligence has been received that a more cheerful feeing exists all over the land than at any time since 1873. A curious case of hydrophobia has oc I curred in Paris. A young girl, living in ! the Reu des Batignolles, had a pretty lit tle Havana poodle of which, she was very | fond. One day she noticed that some thing was wrong with the dog. It was, in fact, going mad, and to her great sor row, it had to be killed. About a week ' after, the girl became melancholy. She shut herself up in her room and remained for hours in a state of utter prostration. On Monday last she suddenly rushed dis tractedly out. of the house, making hor rible cfcjes, and she has not since been seen. Her sad condition is accounted for by the circumstance that she used to wipe the foam off her pet's mouth with her pocket hankerchief. She is sup posed to have committed suicide. An Arab writer says:—" A woman will make as long and patient a tug as a camel if you will give her a kind word and Bhow her a bit of green comfort at the end." Growth of New York.—During the first j six months of the present year, plans j were filled for the erection of 779 new ! buildings in this city. Of these, 296 are j ranked as first class dwellings, 91 as se cond class. There are 185 new tenement j houses and 75 Prench flats, 27 stores, 28 workshops. 3 schools, and one church. Of the whole number of 770, no less than 605 have been or are to be erected North of Fortieth street, or nearly six-sevenths of the tq|al. The aggregate cost is esti mated at $11,754,000, and wilL probably exceed this sum—an increase of about $3,500,000 over the same class of invest ment in the corresponding period of last year. The number of new buildings com menced during the past three months is 588, and there are altogether 961 now in course of erection. These figures suggest some important points. The theory that the elevated roads would give an imme diate fillip to real estate speculation in the upper wards is of course verified, as everybody knew it would be; but the disparity between the numbers of tene ment bouses and French flats planned dur ing the half year is still more striking— 185 of the former to 75 of the latter.— ' New York Commercial Advertiser.' Dorchester County Mosquitoes Kill a Boy.—Jas. Stewart, twelve years old, the son of Jas. Stewart, living near Hilly's Neck, lake district, Dorchester county, Maryland, one day last week was sent into a field to make a fire to keep the mosquitoes from the cattle, not com ing back, his father went in search of him. He was found lying face down ward on the ground dead. His mouth, throat, nose and ears were literally packed ^ with mosquitoes. Numbers of cattle were drowned by rushing into the streams to escaped the venom of the mos quito bites.—'Baltimore American,' 18th. Thirty-two tramps took possession of Humboldt Wells, a mining town in Ne vada, stripped themselves of clothing, held a war dance in the principal street, and declared their intention to sack the place, but a party of mounted men drove them naked into the hills and whipped them soundly. Four gentlemen on a bird hunt fifteen miles from Macon, on Saturday last, from sunrise to four o'clock, bagged three hun dred and twenty doves and twenty part tridges. One of the party killed twenty doves at one shot. ' The Baxley ' Gazette' says :—" On Friday night the train from Macoy, to Brunswick, which passes Baxley at 2 a.m., killed a coloured man name! Stephen Baker. It appears that he got on board the train at No. 8, intending to stop here, but in paBsiflg this station the train did not stop, and he either jumped from the rapidly moving train or was thrown from it (we cannot learu which), at any rate he was jammed against the new.. warehouse and received injuries from which he died between eight and nine o'clock Saturday morning." The Sandersville ' Courier' says of the crops :—" We have recently travelled over portions of Washington, Johnson, Emanuel, Bourke, Tattnall, Montgo mery, and Laurens counties,: and have carefully noted the crop prospect. In some neighbourhoods the corn crop will measure up to the full average of the beat crop years. These favoured spots, however, are few and far between. In some communities, from the protracted drought, the corn crop is cut off one half, in others, perhaps, threefourthB. The most sanguine do not hope for more than one half crop, taking into count the territory above referred to." The following "Wonderful Freak <}f Nature" is described in the Gaines ville 'Eagle':—"Some time ago Dr. Stephenson was prospecting the vast hornblende and chloritic slate forma tion, between Gainesville and Jefferson, and fonnd a singular rock on the land of Mr. Frank Harrison, which he con siders one of the most interesting and in explicable 'productions the laws of chemical affinity. The boulder of horn blende weighs nearly a ton, is black, and crystallized through it in seams about one eighth of an inch thick, of white quartz, are the figures 1791, They are about four inches long, and placed at equal dis tances from each other. It is common in all plutonic rock to see seams of quartz traverse the granite, gneiss, hornblende, and other classes of rocks, in various di rections, from one-eighth of an inch to a foot or more, which gometiveB cross each other, but never with the regularity and symmetry of this. It has not been one thousand years since the Arab invented our numerals, from 1 to 10; and we find here, in perfect form, the same figures, made try the laws of chemical affinity on the oldest rocks, which formed the crust of the ear&lisountless; millions of years be fore tjtoi^H#. vegetable or animal in exifteQpe/'' H. H. Dal ton, wlifle driving to Fort Worth, Texas, with-his little son, was accused by James /Gun of having some millet in his waggon that belonged to the latter. A quaiVel ensued, and Dal ton drew a knife, when Gun shot him dead. A Portland (Me.), lady recently con ceived a simple improvement to the sew ing machine, whichhnost of the companies have adopted, and Jthe lady receives in royalties about $10,000 as the result of her " happy thought." One of the white^outlaws in the Potto wattamie region, in, Indian Territory, rode up to the camp of a United States cavalry company and khot dead the sol dier on guard. A \ One of the Pennsylvania iron companies has received a contract for bridge work in Demerare, British Guyana, amounting to $175,000. i It is announced that Mr. and Mrs. Satoris, nee Nellie Grant, are soon to pay a visit to the United'States. George Leclercq, fof Cooper City, Pa., stuck a giant powder cartridge into his mouth, lit the fuse, and blew his head off. A man was found dead in Newpoint, [ lnd., with a bullet in his head. A hint at the manner of his death was given by the evidence of an interrupted game of poker. In his hand were four kings, while four queens lay near by, having been dropped by his exasperated antago nist and murderer. Adolpb Bernhard, of New York, aged seventeen years, committed suicide on Sunday by hanging himself. His father is married the second time and the step mother was not kind to him, and insisted that he and his elder brother should leave the house and go to live with an aunt. A pawnbroker named Turner was found dead in his chair in his pawnshop last week in the city of Cincinnati. A set of false teeth was found lodged in his throat, completely cutting off the operations of the cesapliagus and the epi glottis. It waB from this that he died. A Young Woman Scalped.—A terrible { i misfortune befell Ellen Belcher, a young woman employed in the morocco factory of Dwight and Co., Brooklyn, the other day. The girl's duties were in an apart ment where machinery is used in dressing leather. Miss Belcher was accustomed to wear her hair streaming loosely down her back. In passing near a swiftly revolv ing shaft, her back hair was caught and wound about the iron rod. Before the machinery could be stopped the girl's scalp was completely torn away from the back of the neck over the head to the eyebrows. When released, she presented a horrible spectacle. Strong men who were present shuddered at the sight. Blood streamed copiously from the ar teries and veins that had rudely been torn asunder. She was nearly insensible. Pending the arrival of a surgeon, the flap of scalp was replaced temporarily, and the girl was made as comfortable as possible. After her removal to St. Ca therine's Hospital, Miss Belcher was treated in the usual manner in such cases. Her recovery from the dreadful shock to her nervous system, considering the ex cessive loss of blood,-* extremely doubt ful, even if inflammation or other serious results of the dislocation do not ensue.— 'Boston Herald.' John J. Nestele, a wealthy retired merchant of New York, over seventy years of ageji was assaulted and robbed by highwaytnen on Tuesday night near his residence, in One Hundred and Twenty-foijrtk Btreet. No arrests have been mad^. A reward pf one hundred dollars was offered for the delivery of Jack Metter, a reputed hprse thief, to the authorities of De Witt county, HI. Jack walked into the Sheriff's office in custody of a friend, through whom he received one hundred dollars, and with this money he employed a lawyer, who secured his ac quittal. Richard Gilholy, a show card maker in New York, was fatally stabbed on Satur day night l$y John -Jones, at the latter's residence, after serving upon him a sum mons in a civil suit. Colonel James Bowie, the hero of the Alamo, after whom bowie knives were called, was a mild, pleasant, and by no means homicidal person, who merely in vented a convenient and useful knife for hunting, and never had a serious " per sonal difficulty" in his life. Others found [ his knife a handy thing in personal en counters, and brought it into fashion | for such emergencies. So says Colonel Bowie's old friend, the Hon. George M. Patrick, of Texas, who is reported in the Galveston ' News' to have described Co lonel Bowie as a brave soldier, and not by any means a hot tempered bully. Charles Sumner was no musician. A lady friend once told him that if he was to buy a music box set to " Old Hun dred," she did net believe that he could make it play " more than seventy-five." It was, donbtless, something in the same vein that prompted old Mrs. Rothschild, then ninety-seven, to say to her physi cian : "Doctor, you must keep me for three years more at least; it would be discreditable for a Rothschild to go off under par." At a trial of a criminal case, the pri soner entered a plea of not guilty, when one of the Jurymen .put on his hat and started for the door. The Judge called him back and informed him that he could not leave until the case was tried. " Tried ?" queried the Juror. " Why, he acknowledges that he is not gnilty." A woman in Los Angeles, California, became possessed of the notion that her little girl might, by slow starvation, be brought to such a physical condition that she would be translated to the spirit world without dying. With that end in view she fed the child op fruit only, steadily diminishing the qiffntity until the victim wsb • horribly emaciated. Neighbours then interfered, much to the displeasure of the mother, who de clared that the little one had reached a point where visions of spirit life be tokened the nearneBS of the expected change. The ' Toccoa News' has seen a ghost or something. It is a brilliant light, which is plainly discernible at a distance, bat which sinks in the ground, or disappears in some mysterious manner when ap proached. It is evidently, in the opinion of the ' News,' no jack-o'-lantern, and now the anxious query in those parts is, " What is it ?" The corn house of Mr. EL Reynolds, of Twiggs connty, containing eight hundred bushels of corn, was destroyed, with itB contents, by fire, on Saturday last. No insurance. Atlanta 'Constitution': "Judge Speer, of the Flint Circuit, while returning from Rockdale Superior Court to this city yes terday morning, on the Georgia Road, had his pocket relieved of over four hun dred dollars in money and notes. He was asleep on his seat at the time of the robbery, the hour being early in the morning before the dawn. No clue could he obtained as to the rascally pickpocket." 