BISHOP MOORHOUSE ON DEVELOPMENT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ABODE. Sir,-Your correspondent "ECO" complains that he does not understand what I mean by development, suggesting that I do not mean what he means, and. may mean what Dr Newman taught I assure him that I mean exactly what I say, and have done my best hitherto, as I shall in future lectures, to make my meaning plain. But as it is my one desire to be understood, I will, with your leave, give him as clear an answer as I can to his two questions i 1 He asks in what way development as I hold it is compatible with a loyal adherence to the articles of my church I answer that it does not call in question the least portion of one of them. If I denied that in deliver- ing that spiritual teaching upon which the church articles are founded St Paul was guided by the Holy Ghost, no doubt there would be ground for putting such a question. But my lectures deal, not with the thing, but with the manner of it I ask, not was St. Paul inspired, but how was he inspired , not was he led into the truth, but how was he led into it, at once or gradually, by a sudden flash of light or through that exercise- of thought to which circumstances stimulated him Y I affirm the latter, and by so doing touch no article of my church's creed 2 Your correspondent asks me again how I could find anything common between persons holding views so diametrically opposed s Baur of a change and the ultra orthodox. I will answer him by an illustration Suppose that I had a believing friend, who required me to show him in the Scriptures not only the substance of Divine truth, but no formal and dogmatic a statement of it that there could be no room for difference of opinion I should probably say, you are seeking more than you will find, or than it is reasonable to ask Moreover, you are putting the same question which has led some persons to Rome and others to infidelity Should I call him a Roman Catholic or a sceptic by making such an observation! No, I should merely warn him that his quest was not only unreasonable but dangerous. I have made a similar comparison between Baur and those who deem themselves the ultra orthodox Your correspondent must know that it is Baur's method, first to extract from the epistle which he receives certain dogmatic conclusions which he calls the Pauline gospel, and then to reject any epistle or port of an epistle which goes beyond or corner short of that gospel Now, many of those to whom I referred pursue a similar course They Select from St 'Paul a epistles generally a few favourite dogmatic conclusions which they call the Gospel, and which, if they be laymen, they demand to hear in every sermon, and, it they be ministers, they try to find in every passage I have pointed out that this is the same method as that pursued by Baur, that it makes those who adopt powerless to answer "Baur's ' objections, and leaves them in danger (as Luther s rejection on these grounds of St James s Epistle proves) of falling into errors similar to those of Baur 1 our correspondent advised me to let such criticism as that of " Baur " rest That, Sir, is exactly what I will not do Letting things rest-slurring them over adopting the ni! admiran principle that nothing is true which is new, and nothing is now which is true, is just the method which has created the dead alive religious indifferentism which is the curse of the churches I am a Christian, because I believe intensely everything which I teach , because, having examined the objections of the strongest adversaries I could find, I believe that those adversaries can be answered I will hold my faith by the tolera- tion of no man I am sick of hearing bram Icbb Bneers, which prove nothing but the ignorance of their authors and not even at the request of timid believers like "ECO" will I cease to do my uttermost to show that Christianity needs no concession, asks no tram-train hut is upon the ground of fact no experience. the very truth of God. -tam, Bishopscourt, Sept. 5. Lloyds agent at Stockholm, in a letter dated Iune2"J, states that on June 28 a large new dry dock was opened there It has been blasted out of a granite mountain Its dimensions are 300ft in length, 60ft in width at the gates, 75ft at the top, and 50ft. at the bottom The average depth of the water varies from 23ft to 23ft At high water vessels drawing 25ft can enter This dock is the largest in Sweden It is 40ft longer than either of the two largest docks in Carlscrona, which have of late been enlarged, and 10ft. wider at the gates. Four stone stairs lead to the bottom, one on each side of the gates, and two at the opposite ends The pumping apparatus con Bills of two centrifugal pumps, each independent of the other, with two separate steam engines of 10 horse power each, made by the firm of Messrs John and Henry Gwynne, London The dock can be emptied in four hours When full, the dock contains 400,000 cubic feet, consequently, each pump removes about ÇQ,QQQ such fcU man hour 