Mungarn CFBOM OtfB OWN COIUtESPONDlJvrT.1 This really is not so bad a world to live in after all. It's astonishing what amount of harmless pleasure a healthy man bin create if he only goes the right way about it Wo are a small, hard working community, but what caro we about hard work : we fully be lieve in the ' dignity of labor,' blest with strong healthy bodies; we are mrde more virtuous by it. ' For does not to the virtuous deed A train of pleasing sweets succeed.' I think those of your city magnates who honored us with their presence at our Lillipu tian attempt at a musical entertainment must have been impressed, aye, and let us hope, made wiser and better for being a few hours in company of a hundred or so of supremely happy country couisins. The musical enter tainment, in 'aid of our school, was a great success, speaking financially or otherwise, there being only one or two slight drawbacks, the first being the room was overcrowded, and ?well you know I don't like to say anything unkind, bnt you know the old proverb, ' he that spareth the rod,' ice. ; and on behalf of the committee I am particularly requested to men tion they were made very uncomfortable by tbe loud talking of a billions looking young gen tleman with a perpetual imbecile looking grin on his countenance, who was apparently anrioas to impress on us simple people his im portance by flourishing a book and pencil. This poor young atom of humanity evidently did not know that that tirawncy, pcod -tempered looking bullock-driver who was etal ioned nt the door doing duty, was to takepuppiosby Ibescruf of the neck and drop them outside. I should advise that young gentleman not to venture out again without his mother. Messrs. Matthews and Hedges' abilities as musicians are so well known in your fair city, and they are such thorough masters of their respective instru ments, that any criticism from me n-onM be out of place. 'Mr. 1'. Ferguson is also so well and favorably known that I cannot add to his well won laurels. Miss Rain is a very pleasing performer on the piano, and delighted us with s selection of quaint Jacobite airs, ?' Wha wad na fccht for Charlie,' ' Na, Johnny Cope,' Sec. ; the lady Ringer won well merited applause. Messrs. Jessup and Kilgallan brought down tbe honBB with their comic songs, and were encored to the echo *, their good nature was greatly im posed upon. Imagination goes a long way. and we do imagine the gem of the evening was the song ' Tho British Lion,' as rendered by your popular citizen, J. T. Anuear, Esq. You have Muugarr to thank for bringing tbat gen tleman out. Barnum's Ball was a tremendous success. Mr. Hedges' get up as Bartium was capital. Mr. Deacon, of Tia«-; played Slim Jim, and will be remembered here mauy a day. That gentleman kept the house iu a complete roar of laughter ; after being knocked down by tho fighting man, imposed upon by that worthy's wife, cheated by tbe betting man. scared into convulsions by Hamlet's father's ghost, and almost run through by King Richard the m, were horrors eubugh for one night. I ' think Mr. Slim Jim deserved a bottle of real old Virginian rye. After the farce wc had a - social dance for a couple of hours, and finished up with the National Anthem, and I think everybody, excepting a cad, would go home perfectly eatisGcd. No, not quite satisfied, we had— that is, the promoters of the entertain-, ment and a few friends had a quiet chat and a glass rouud the old Ingle side; a few toasts were drank to ' Aula Lung Syne we sjpnnitd with mutual goo 1 wished each fo re sume our several occupations like giants refreshed. I April 18th, 1879. 