MILES FITZGERALD OF TREHENA. <|T» i By td Author of The Tenants of Moor Lodge." 4> CHAPTER I. Students of the map of Ireland will seek in vain for Trehena across its surface, the village being too inconsiderable a spot to find place amongst the more important towns noted down by Government surveyors. Trehena, in its worst sense, was nothing but a small fishinsr village, on the Western coast of Ireland, whose impoverished inhabitants found subsistence partly by the fish abounding along the seaboard, partly by agricultural labour, and were, notwithstanding their poverty, a hardy, contentedrace. Trehena, in its best sense, was the' fair domain, and half-castellated, half modern built home, of the Fitzgeralds of Trehena, who had been lords of the soil for generation on genera tion ; a family of the race of Geraldines, ori ginally settlers underthe English Crown amongst a conquered people, but who have married and intermarried with the races of the soil, until the cold blood of the Teuton has been exchanged for the warm blood of the Celt ; and the race of Geraldine has become, as a member of it once boasted, ' ' more Irish than the Irish themselves. " Along the fair western coast, tourist or artist's eye would find no spot with a beauty brighter, or wilder, than the park and swelling uplands of Trehena, which sloped away until they were lost in the wooded hillside, from which there hung a verdant screen of hardy larch trees, and Irish firs, slanting up, tree above tree, until a climber, making his way through the half -pruned under growth, would find himself looking down on one of the finest landscapes eye ever rested on. The fishing village lying in picturesque distance, at the foot of the sloping hills, beneath which stretched miles and miles along the seaboard the leaping waves of the Atlantic, bounded by the bold line of the western coast, varied by the wild beauty of rock and mountain, and the green meadow land sweeping along their sides ; while under his feet spread the hanging woods of Trehena, with the more level ground of the park, through which there wound, between low green banks, a silvery band of water. On the spur of the hill, above the level park lands stood the modern home of the Fitzgeralds, one of its angles overlooked by a half -ruined tower, that had formed part of a strong castle in the days when they were feudal lords, holding tenure by the force of the sword amongst a hos tile people. Down the sloping face of this hill, along the broad avenue leading to the gate, a young man rode one fine winter afternoon in December. He was mounted on a bright chestnut hunter, a graceful and somewhat restless animal, who tossed his head, and set back his ears, as though he was uneasy under the restraining hand of his master. Fitzgerald bent forward and patted his neck familiarly with his gloved hand. ' Have l patience, Whftestar, ' he said soothingly, as if the brute could understand his reasoning ; 'we'll I have a canter when we get upon the road/ I The rider was a young man of about five or six and twenty, tall, and rather slight than otherwise, but giving promise of fuller develop ment, in the muscular arm holding the bridle rein, and the strong square build of his shoulders. He was fair amongst the dark race from which he came, his mother having been a golden-locked daughter of one of the Gal way 'tribes,' a Lynch, or a Burke, or a Bodkin ; and from her he took I the rings of chestnut hair clustering round his I forehead, the blue eyes, and the colour of the I soft light moustache, which shaded his full I handsome mouth. Altogether, as he rode forth I slowly, under the leafless tree branches of K I own domain, Myles Fitzgerald of Trehena. , M I as handsome a young fellow as a girl m I to have for a lover. B j ' God bless yer honour, an' good lwj I this blessed Christmas tune,' the - 1 I said with a curtsey, as she threw i j to let him pass. /| I She was a stout, hale- looking o . | J had lived in the lodge of Treh - j! I thirty years, and had known / 1 man,' since the day he w« | j house yonder,' its only I up his horse midwa i; I road. 1 'Well, Ail?: J away?' f| ' Och, - | I bless ye jf 1 now if I 1 I he 1 d' 1 I 3? 1 i I I lower feels for the higher, the peasant foriflH ord of the soil, when the lord belongs 'ould stock,' by which term they meangjM ancient blue blood of the land. 3o FitzgeraMBB laughed and tossed this hair of his horse's nuumH with his riding-whip. j9H ' Miss Norah says she'll take the veil amongiH the sisters in Limerick, Ailsie, and the ' b||H house ' must find another mistress,' he lightly. The old woman put her hand to her forehewH and looked. up keenly into the candid blue syefjH glancing down on. the- neck of his horse, and retnH there an expression of half -laughing amusemen|H half-boyish bashfulness. ||H « Ay, Miss ISforali will take the veil, yeilM honour, bless her for a purity colleen, as she is/B with a wreath of floweris on the top of it, the woman answered, with one of those sudden smiles, and sudden gleams of wit, whereby thefl Irish peasant can turn an adversary's weapon by the keener edge of his own. ' _ ' Ailsie, you are too many for me, Myles j laughed, and touching his horse lightly with Snai spurs, he cantered through the gate. . - , j Good luck, and God bless yer honoiir, Ailsieg muttered over her last curtsey, and passing out® into the road she watched the way the horseman 9 took, as the slower speed- he started with in- 1 creased to a stretching ranter. . I ' I know'd he was going to Miss Norah, sne 1 said to herself, as she saw him sweep round the 1 turn of the road leading to. the girl s home, a I poor but fair youiig kinswoman of his, .with J whom the Trehena folk bad jinked his name I from boyhood. She was swingng-to the gate, j content witn her discovery, when h? er ears caught j the sound of horses' feet trotting alo ng tpe roaa i in the opposite direction to that in which her j master had ridden away. , | With the curiosity of her class, Ailsie, in.placo i- of going back to the warm shelter of the lodge stood in the open avenue, looking through, the gate, until a lady and two gentlemen rode mto view, whom Ailsie recognised as friends and near neighbours of Myles Fitzgerald of Trdben Mr. Hoskins of Lisle Park, and his son ana?, daughter. . _ „ The elder gentleman, a portly, middle-aged man, with a good- natured but unmistakably > English face, had belonged to a rich Manchester firm, from which he had retired to live upwa some property he had bought in Ireland, that,, oppressed with debts and mortgages, . had come into the market under the Encumbered Estates ; Act, and upon which he was trying to five. down,, by patience and good works, the hostile eon- tempt of the race he had come amongst. He did not understand them, and they never understood him. There are strange anoi. ' es in the complex Irish character. The absot O'Donels, who' had emigrated to America t taken refuge in the Australian bush, had rack- rented them, had taken tithe of their produce,, had done many things out of need of _ money, 1 which this rich Mr. Hoslrins, with his strict English notions of right and wrong, would not do. Mr. Hoskins gave farm leases at fair rents ; he paid his labourers decent wages, he helped the poor with money, he sent the sick bottles of wine from his cellars. Notwithstanding which they would cry, ' The O'Dcmels, God bless them, had a glass for a man after a heartyf day's work ; and they didn't sell the oiiions, or take money for the buttermilk ; and if r. cratur went up to the house, there was no hindnmce to jhim going into the kitchen and having an. air of the tire, or the likes o' that. But him that's up there now, shuts up his doors, and khrys to live like a lord, and he's nather more nor less nor a big shopkeeper out o' Manchester. ' Not that the gentleman in question ever had been a shopkeeper, or looked the least like one, as he drew rein before the park gates of Treihena, where Ailsie stood looking out upon the roa d. ' It's a fine evening, Ailsie,' he said, for Mr. Hoskins, being intimate with the master of Tre hena, knew Ailsie well. ' Yes, praise be to the Lord,' Ailsie answeitd, reverently; 'I'm glad yer honour, and the young master, and Miss Mary has sich a fibe evenin' for yer ride.' I As she spoke she dropped a curtsey wJ&h; took in Miss Mary and her brother, ast welllis Miss Mary's papa. But the curtsey lacked je respectful depth, and her ' yer honour ' lacked the gracious softness which lay in voice and eyf, when she addressed a Fitzgerald or an Q'Doni . or any of the ancient blood of the soil. / Ailsie could modulate her homage andjr regard, which rarely travelled beyond lines of her prejudices. Y our young master will Mr. Hoskins said. I ha Monday, and he says he the Christmas meet.' ' He came last nigh was shutting up for loran rode up to tv shrewd grey ey and adding, - which cove young Er her bleu visitin' at the T Ho? f tc j s t K band. The husband that yer heart's set on, who- K ever that may be.' HL-.1' Miss Hoskins laughed, and backed her horse IraU the gate. K:; , : Thanks, Ailsie, but I haven't my heart set Kr on anyone,' she said laughing slightly. I ' Hav'n't ye thin, %he woman answered, with \- look of simple belief, which feigned innocence B to perfection. ' Well, may be, there's some one B thinkin' about you, though ye haven't begun to M think on him yet.' S Involuntarily Miss Hoskins gave a glance over B the sloping uplands and hanging woods of Tre- m, hena. , - k . There is no one,, Ailsie. _ W « An' so many fine young gintleman visiting at K the Park. Mr. Netterville, Mr. Nugent, and W Sir Hugh Mahon. Ay, I mind the day I first seen ye ridiD by to the hunt with yer father, and Sir Hugh, and Mr. Blake, of Gortmore, alongside o' ye, and thin in the gloamin I seen ye come back agin with Master Myles s hand upon yer bridle.' i . In the woman's tone there was a searching, subtle flattery, a sly and cunning association, which seemed to join by a light, yet almost in visible link, the fair young girl before her and Myles Fitzgerald, of Trehena, who had ridden by in the twilight with his hand upon her horse s rein. From the swift, sidelong glance of Ailsie's eyes, Miss Hoskins bent hers to the neck of her pretty bay, and patted him caressingly. 4 Mr. Fitzgerald was very kind that day ; I had a troublesome horse which nearly threw me, and he lost the hunt through his guardianship of me, ' she said. ' He comes of a good race, me lady, though he's Dot one of the ould Melasians, and there's a power in the blood ye come of, , though ye Kngliah don't understand it,' she. said. 'But we do, Ailsie.' ' Some o' ye may,' the woman answered ; and then changing the subject, she said abruptly : f So we're to have a brave hunt a Friday. They gay they have set a fox in Trehena wood, hut it's not lucky hunting a fox in Trehena, at Christ mas time.' Miss Hoskins laughed. ' -Papa says there's no run equal to Trehena, Alisie.' 'Ay, but there's people have run to their death in Trehena,' Ailsie said, solemnly. ' Did ye iver hear that one of the ould ancient Fitz- geralds died be a fall jist outside the wood of Trehena on a Christmas-eve, and that the masther's father was kilt, amost in the same spot, on the eve of Christmas, twenty years agone ? The ghost hunt was out the night afore he died. The hounds and the hunthers, an the ould dead Fitzgerald at their head. Tom Connor seen thim coarsin' over the meadows, as they always coorse before there's a death amobg the gintlemin of the hunt, and the next day the masther's horse slipped as he was getting over a dyke betwane the wood and the grass fields, close by the spot where his ansister met his death. A dog ran across the horse, and the haste taking fright throwed the masther off, and galloped through the meadow wid his feet in the stirrup. The day was dying whin they carried him in here. Oh, I mind it, I mind it,' she cried, her voice changing to a wailing intona tion. ' I opened the gate for thim to pass, and I seen the masther carried by wi' a woman's cloth cloak thrown over his dead face, and the gintle min all a follerin' a foot, ladin their horses be the bridles. I was draming on it last night, Miss Mary, and I wish to God and the blessed Vargin that there was no hunt in Trehena wood on Fri day, or that the masther had kep' away till it was over.' 'I never heard how his father died,' Miss Hoskins said, half-awed by the woman's narra tive, half-disposed to rebut it. ' But Mr. Fitz gerald has hunted in Trehena before, Ailsie.' ' Yes ; but it's an ill time now, hard upon Christmas, jist when his father got his death,' Ailsie persisted, and may be if ye'd tell the masther' 'I have no influence with Mr. Fitzgerald, Ailsie.' 'Haven't ye, avick. Well, to be sure, 1 r thought a pretty young lady, wid a rose on her t pheek, would turn any Fitzgerald round her \ finger.' \ The rosy cheeks grew rosier, as the girl lsmilingly dissented, and the slim figure, and the Wr young head, with its golden crown of hair, Went cantering down the road to overtake her lather. i (to be com-tikved.) 