The pages of South, Australian history up to this time fortunately contain but fe.w accounts of conflicts between labour, and Capital, arid only a short time since, we were congratulating ourselves and the qolony generally upon its immunity from strikes. These conflicts between employer and employeeare unwholesomeand ruinous, and the results of strikes as a rule are penury, want, squalor, and inevitable ruin in so far as the labourer is concerned, and in many instances, too, rain to the employer. We have, not forgotten, in the years not long past, the terrible struggle between labour and capital in the manu facturing distort8 Lancashire, where thousands of happy homes and cheerful family circles were broken up, and the haggard, blear-eyed fiend — ruin — located himself where o.nly happiness and comfort reigned before. " Premature deaths from, starvation were oft-told tales, and whilom "jjtrong healthy men were, hut ghosts of their former selves.- But., coming nearer home, pur constituents will not have had pTaced from their memory the"" great struggle 'between labour and capital on "Yorke's Peninsula, when the miners r -fused to work for a lower rate than that which they had previously earned. What the result of that strike 7 Commercial depression, domestic discomi'ort? premature death, and ruin iq niiiqherless instances. The effects of this . strike op commercial operations have been so great that they have never been properly ail justed since. Traces of this tremendous struggle may yet he discovered on many a tradesman's account books, and there they are likely to remain as mementoes of the post. We, recognise the fact that between capital and labour there are indissoluble elements of" antagonism, and these elements will, upoji j the slightest pretext assert themselves ; hut ! whilst we acknowledge and reqognise tips j fact we see no just i-easou why these prin- i ciples of qntagonism should manifest them- selves in such virulent forms. Labour is ! dependent upon capital fcr sustentotiqn, i and on tlje other hqtid labour is indispen sable tq capital. Their, interests are so bountj together as to become inseparable, ancj uq injury can be done the one without the other. This we greatly fear is often lost siffht of. and we believe, that wore greater cognizance taken of this fact we should soon find that strikes were only traditionary relics of an " ignorant and sciolistic age." Unquestionably in the past there has heen too great a difference between the employer and employee. There has been a want of mutuality, and the result has been the development of a hostile and antagonistic principle which upon any and every pretext asserts itself, and here let us say that this principle has been mutual, for, it has manifested equal strength in employer and employed. What then is required in the expunction of this antagonism, and the establishment of a feeling of tqutual dependency, and if this ig successfully carried into effect we shall have no occasion to chronicle further, struggles between capital and labour, and those evils which follow in the. wake of strikes will he experienced no more. If differences should arise, the matter should receive calm and careful consideration, and mutual concessions made. We have upon previous occasions refeiTod to this question, and suggested, in one of our. articles, the advisableness of settling any trade diffi culties that might arise by arbitration ; and we have every reason tq believe that the adjustment of these difficulties would be lioth speedy and satisfactory. Qf co.urse the above remarks have been suggested by the strike amongst Messrs. Martin and Co.'s employees at Gawler, and the threatened lock-out, for it is now thoroughly understood that the other machinists of- Gawler will support tie action of Messrs. Martin J Co. We havo watched the. whole of the proceedings with deep, interest, and are pleased to note the very commendable spirit of- courteousness exhibited in the negotiations hitherto en tered into. Great moderation has heen shown on either side ; hut the calm deter mination with which the differences have been discussed by the men and the equally determined tone adopted hy the employers, together with the action of the various labour unions that have resolved to sup port the men — indicate a lengthened and severe struggle. At present it is true the infection is confined to the employees of qqe firm, hut it will expand and throw out branches here and roots there until Upas like it will have developed itself into a gigantic disease, whose influence will affect the whole community. We cannot, how ever, help expressing a hope that the friendliness exhibited between the em ployees and Messrs. Martin and Co. may be maintained, and that the result of this moderation, courtesy, and friendliness will be a speedy adjustment of the difficulty upon a firm and satisfactory basis ; for we may rest assured that if the conflict is pro longed, these, pleasing principles will be. discarded, and their places filled with envy, hatred, incivility, and immoderate actions. The question under dispute is one of principle, and is easily stated. Wo regret that, as usual in these affairs, matters are complicated, and unless there, are conces sions on both sides there is every prospect, of the struggle being carried on to the hitter end. The Riinple. facts of the case are as follow. Messrs. Martin and Co. were one of th,e firms who agreed some time since tq adopt the. eight ho,urs' system in their establishment. They fi ;d now, so they state, in the. lpanifeato, they have issued setting forth, their, reasons, for. the steps they have taken, that they cannot success fully compete with other firms who do not recognis? the eight hours' system, anil who pay the same rate of wages as they do. Now the employees, who in past years struggled for a reduction, in the hoqrs of labo jr, and a,t last succeeded, having disco vered the benefits and, comforts attending the shortened horns, persistently rau8P- to submit to the innovation of lengthened hours and a return to. the ojd system. No sane person would attempt to, dispute the. right of Messrs, Mar tip. n,nd Co.- to. demand that their employees sh, on, Id devote another, hour or two per diem. to. their work, or, if needs he, reduce the. wages of their em ployees ; but upon a question of principle. it might be rejected by the workmen, and as the matter is likely to become a national one, we have no hesitancy in canvassing the question, and whilst we cqncedq tq the employers qf labour the right tq exercise their authority in the matters above- mentioned, we submit, that there are tiipes when such an exercise of authority would be decidedly unjust and scarcely politic. We make no pretence whatever of knowing M essrs. Martin and Co.'s object for decid ing to lengthen the hours of labour. It | may have heen caused bv the depression j in trade, or it may be as it currently j rumoured by a number of the workmen on strike — symply a desire to abolish the eight hours' system. \Ve have beeq tojd that it was preconcerted between Messrs. Martin and Co. and the other machinists of Gawlqr;" but, qf course, of the correct ness qf this statenient we have no \yq.rriqty, anil consequently are not prepqre.d to, accept it. The contention of the, mpn is nvno t'fA o incf, nnri nnrl t.lif nnntAntinn of the employers is equally just. This state ment may sound somewhat paradoxical, but it is nevertheless tenable. " If;" as states a contempyrqry, " the men give away on this poiqt they open the doqr. to a general reactionary movement and render themselves liable to the stigma of having led to the sacrifice of all that has b,een gained in the past for there is no clisput- ! ing the fact that all the employees qsk for is the maintenance of the eight hours.' system, and consequently their opposition to the proposed reduction is fair. And again oii the. other fyand it is quite fair that the employers should ohject tq concede the eight hours' system unless it became a general one. Whose the fault is that the system has not long since become general we are not prepared to state, but we plainly see that it is not the fault of the Labour League. Without assuming too much we may say that, although the case is not without its complications, we see a practical and easy way out of the difficulty — a way hy which the eight hours' system j may be maintained, and the firgi placed upon such a basis as to enable them to compete upon equal terms with other firms. It cannot be disputed that the dispute is simply and purely a question of j wages, and we feel confident that if the i firm would only suggest a reduction ip the | wages of their employees in a proportionate i ratio to the number of knurs their em ployees work in comparison with those of other firms, the men would meet them at o.nce, and thus would be ended a difficulty that at present threatens to involve ques tions of grave importance. We are pleased to know that the em ployees at the Gladstone branch are emu lating the example of courteousness and moderation set hy their Gawler confreres, j They met Mr. Wilson, te manager, on | Wednesday last, and offered to work eight j hours per diem during the continuance of the strike, and pledged themselves to he hound hy the terms arranged between the Gawle.r firm and the men, qn strike. Mr. Wilson accepted the proposal and the men are at work. We congratu'qte our. con stituents in this district upon the prospec tive strike in our midst hayipg heen averted, and trust the whole difficulty \y ill be adjusted in a brief space. We regret exceedingly to. announce the death of Mr. P. Kelly, of Gulnara, which took place early on Wednesday morning hst Dr. Parkin son, who had been in attendance held out no hopes of his recovery for some, Jays previously. Internal injuries and shock tq nervous system combined were the cause of death. The Kelly gang are leading the p.olce of the sister colony " a merry race," and a,rc.now as far from being captured as ever, Ne. comes to us now that they have entered New South Wales, where they have accomplished a feat of daring almost . unparalled. Entering Jerilderie they cut the telegraph wires and imprisoned the master and operators, stuck up the police station and imprisoned those in charge, robbed the Bank and incarcerated the manager and clerks, and thoroughly " ffabergasted" nearly 200 people. About £2,000 is said to. have heen taken from the Bank. Later intelligence states that the police have lost all traces of (he gang. They have, it is Baid, passed through Urana, but 'the telegrams say nothing as to whether that place has been stuck up. The question is, " What is the purport of this move ?" They wonld never dream of staying in the Deniliquin district, as their eventual capture wojn&l; be certain. We look upon it as a bKnd they will mislead the police, anil quietly return to their haunts in the fastnesses of the Strathbogie Ranges. On Tuesday night last Feror's lljojtel at Cal- towie narrowly escaped destruction hy lire. A ' heap of rubbish near the building was discovered to be on fire, bnt was speedily extinguished. Some excitement was caused in Gladstone on Friday evening, 7th inst., when it was. rumoured: that a fire hail heen started on the Booyoolee Estate by a live coal from the'engine Of the train j from Port Pirie- A number of men employed j upon tlie line promptly made for the spot, and i their exertions were rewarded hy getting the fire under in a very short time. A few acres of grass only were burnt ; but had not prompt measures been taken nothing could have saved th. home paddock at least. Some of the passengers : that the fire started before the engim the spot hut it is pretty cr result qf a coal ft We have received the February number of Words of Grce," which maintains its repnta- tion for general excellence. The illustrations are good, the letterpress capjtqj, aqd the get-up highly creditable. It contains several exceed r ingly racy articles of a religions ejiarqcter. " A smart thing was done the other day by thp County Court bailiff," writes the Geelopg Advertiser. "He waited tq serve a fraud summons on a disciple of Esculapius not 100 miles away. To show himself would be of no avail, as his presence was pbjectjonable, and always caused the gentleman wanted to make himself scarce, and 'not at home.' The bailiff's messenger tried to get at the debtor, but failed, and a stratagem had to be resorted to. The messeuger bandaged a white cloth stained with blood round his face anil head, and sought advice of the doctor. The medico, anxious to. relieve suffering humanity, admitted the messen ger tq the surgery, where he was duly served with the summons and conveyance fee. The doctor, although a little bit put out at first, admitted that he had been ' had this time.' " After three years' faithful service (writes rtSgles") a shepherd changed his employment, leaving his savings — some £70— in the hands of his late master, Mr Splitemtealeaf, the well- known and wealthy owner of 100,000 ewes and wethere. Some two years elapsed, and then old Maclead wrote for his money. In the absence of Mr. S. his manager referred to the boiks, anil finding that the demand was a jnst one, for warded a cheque for the amount, not, however, adding any interest. When the master returned, and was regaling himself with an inspection of accounts, he observed the shepherd's account squared, and inquired, " Has Maclead been here?" "No," replied the manager; "he wrote for his money, and I sent him a cheque in a registered letter." " But," said Mr S., "that would cost 6d., and I do not see any deduction froiq him." " Oh, I just charged it to the station account," rejoined the manager. ".Charged it to the station acconnt sir!" screamed Mr S. ; " why the devil did yon do that ? You ought to have known better. This sort qf thing accounts for your infernally heavy expenditure, sir." 