AMUSEMENTS. KELLY AND LEON* Miksthels.-A large audience -assembled at the theatre' on'Monday j night to greet the Kelly and Leon Minstrels. ; The accounts of the successes achieved by . this . i company in the southern colonies ; led = the audience to expcct a great deal, nor did their expectations fail of realization. The : first part of., the evening, -was devotwl lor what is knows in connection , willi . Negro minstrelsy as the " chair business.? In this part some excellent singing, command sentimental, wa4 furnished by Messrs. Kelly, CourtrJght, Fredericks, E. Lester, Beaumont Read, Surridge, and W. Ball, the songs being, interspersed with comical quips and cranks by the "corner men." The second part opened with ascene^ntitled "Twilight ra the Part," in which MJ^teon displayed his admirable powers as adelineatorof female character* Tbo : actor was for tho timo being a woman, and not ;a caricature of the sex; and his singing was as remarkable as his acting, some of his bfavura passages exhibiting a considerable amount of execution.'-.The costume worn was a very handsome one, andno' Parisian Hcgantc could have exhibited it'to ' better advantage than did Mr. Leon.*1 A comicality entitled "A Five Cent. Shave" which.' followed, produced roars of laughter, a re markable dwarf-Japanese Tommy-making a very ludicrous Boy. Mr. Courtright sang and danced in apiece of eccentricity called " Flewy Flewy," and had to repeat the performance. Tho entertainment was brought to a eon elusion by a musical comedy, entitled' a His Grace the Duke," capitally "acted by Messrs. * Kelly, Leon, Courtright, Lester, Ball, and Miss Eva Davenport. Mr. Leon appeared in this pieco as Louisa Cherln^tony and was as admir-' able as in his previous character. He4 was capitally supported by AIi?'-j Davenport. ' Mr. Kelly was excellent as tho distressed manager. . The entertainment was repeated on Tuesday 1 evening. Tho third eutertainment by this cltiver company drew another largo audience to tho theatre on Wednesday . and the performance was again received with " hearty demonstrations of approval. Messrs. Courtrighfc and Lester, the" corner men/'"pro voked much merriment by their humour in tho ' first part. Mr. Beaumont Read,'whose voice is a! most a soprano, created a very favourable im pression by his sinking in this part, as'did Mr. Fredericks in a ballad callcd "Speak, ;enly Speak," and Mr. Kelly's in " A Flower of . Innocence." The part bongs and choruses were 1 all capitally sung. Mr. Leon's admirable acting and singing in " Twilight in tho'Fark," especially his imitation of a well-known; prima donna,brought down tremendous applause, and ho was recalled no less than three times". Oourtright again got an encore for his singing and grotesque dancing in " Flewy, Flewy." " His Grace the Duke" was performed again, * and Mr. Leon once more thoroughly delighted the audi once by hisgracufulandsparklingactiug as Zoutss C^tifi^ton.9 The company includes an excellent orchestra! Cabltox'S GHOST ENTSET.usMKNTS.^Theae entertainments were continued at the old Sohdol of Arts up to Wednesday, when they ciosed.v"'; Some capital illusious have been shown, ' and the porformiucea generally, have been worth patronising. Thk registration fee at Rockharapton foe a : . female goat is one shilling for the first and two for the second. For a malo goat it is £2. Tho XorfMrn. Argus says:-" There aro, at present, about 540 persons in Rocklnmpton who iudulgo in tho luxury of keeping one female goat,.teu or elevcu who are enterprising enough to sport two female goats, and fivo or six who keep a nanny and a wether. This brings ua to the astounding fact that there is not a 'hilly' in. tho whole town. "Wo have been all labouring under a mistake. Tho Municipal Council, in common with everybody else, was mistaken. They imposed an annual tax of £2 upon all raalo goats-a ela*s of animals which, it now appears, irorn oftieiat data, is extinct, t-o far as the town of Rockhainpton is concerned. Wo presume, after this disclosure, steps will ho takuu by tho Council to have the by-law {re pealed, j?o tar as it related to to 4 mulo gouts.* It is no uso encumbering our i:uui:eip»l statutes with a provision for taximr auunais, which ic is clcarlv shown do not exist here." . 