ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1879. THE Peak Downs Progress Association devoted a large portion of Saturday even- ing, tile Htli instant, to discussing tlie bcBt measures to take for tile construction of the branch railway to Clermont. It transpired that a telegram had been sent to Mr. Weld Blundell, thc member for that constituency, asking him, "Have Govcrnmenttakcnany steps towards the branch line?"-to whichareply had been received datedBrisbane June 13, " Have oallod forrcportsandeurvoys; intention Govern- ment«: branch railways not known yet." It wasurgedby the speakers that thc Central Bail way Reserve had been defined on the assump- tion that the railway would paBs fairly through ,Peak Downs, but the route was afterwards changed and taken due west, passing through only a small portion of the Downs country ; nevertheless the boundaries of the reserve remained unaltered, and money had been received at the Treasury from thc sale of lands in the reserve. This money they wore entitled to claim should go towards thc construc- tion of the branch line. It was also stated that there was an understanding with ijtbe people of ßoehampton that if the due west extension were autliorisod the branch Bhould also be carried out. A resolution was adopted appointing a Committee to com- municate with Mr. Blundell ' on tho «ubjoct and put him in possession of thc facts, in order that ho might be enabled with effect to press npon the Government the desirableness of making the branch line. The Telegram, >n an article on thc subject, states that it hears "through a private' source that the Government have decided to ask the House to make .provision-probably in the Loan Esti- mates-for the construction of a branch line of railway to Peak DownB." We have not the least doubt that the Government will do their best in the matter, and there is good reason to believe that the Clermont line will be. included in the number of branch rail- ways to be provided for out of the new loan. Wc most cordially agree with our Peak DOWUB friends regarding tho route, that' it should pass through thc " heart of the best agricultural land on thc Downs, even though by so doing the length of the Une were increased, as a better return would bc obtained on thc money expended in proportion aa the railway promoted thc profitable settlement of the country." The papers called lor by Mr. Blundell will probably show what route has been recommended by the surveyors. THE Customs collections at this port from tho 14th to thc 21at instant inoluBive, amounted to £1425 19s. 7d. THE skating entertainment at the Odd- fellow's Hall was well attended on Saturday afternoon and evening. The presence of a number of ladies-one of whom skated remark- ably well-added to the attractions of the rink in the afternoon. In the evening between thirty and forty amateurs had a lively time of it, and we do not think the spectators have laughed more in any other two hours of their lires. Tlie thumps on thc floor as one after another came to temporary grief were greeted with the heartiest applause, especially by the acquaintances of thc unfortunate rinker-the whole scene affording an apt illustration of the truth of the French philosopher's observation, that there is something not unpleasant in the misfortune of one's friends. At half-past eight o'clock Professor Taylor and Lillie glided into the hall, and repeated with some variations their graceful performance of the previous evening. A race by amateurs for the silver medal followed, and caused great interest. Master Schmidt proved to be the winner, having gone six times round the hall in 1 minute Ci seconds. This lad never skated before thc previous evening, and lue progress has been very rapid. Thc King and Queen of Skaters aro likely to be well patronised during their stay here. IT is satisfactory to observe thc steady and rapid progress which is being made with tlie construction of the Fitzroy ISridge. Since our last report the two remaining columns have been sunk ; one has been concreted and raised about ten feet above the river, and tiic other is ready for the concrete, which will bc filled in an immediately. By the time it is filled its fellow column will bc carried to its height. Tlie most tedious operation of the construction is therefore brought to a close, and the work for the future win not be dependent on the tides. The hanging of the chains is the next work to be undertaken, and for this everything will be in readiness by the arrival of the last shipment of material, con. sistiug of suspension rods and extension rollers, now on the way here from Kngland. A shipment of iron joists has arrived by thc Scottish Lassie, anil thc forging of the stirrups in which these arc to bc hung is progressing at tho Hallway workshops. Thc first of thc ornamental girders has been received from the foundry of Messrs. Rums and Twigg, and will bc in place by the end of the mouth. Thc manuel' in which these girders aro being turned out reflects great credit upon that firm. Thc lirst length uf the timber truss of 1110 feet is nearly completed, and thc remaining lengths viii be in rcadinces when they are required, lt will thus be seen that thc engineering ilillieuMies connected with liIU construction have bet n nlmust overeóme, thc work v. lik-li n inaiiii Í" be «lone being of n comparatively ' ii'-y i.'!:;'.rarto:'. Henceforward, als,., much aiuiv «¡li lie seen n* thu remit of t!ic nien s work, a::'! fruin prraunt appear ai:ccK. it is not. al ali impossible that the dying day:: i'i thc |U'"':"iit year may witness the establishment nf ln'M;.;e communication between thu nurtli and south sides of thc river. Ar the Police Court on Saturday there were no caaos for hearing. ONE of the recommendations frequently men- tioned in the District Inspectors' reports yearly issued by the Educational Department, is thc desirableness of planting the school grounds with shade trees. If the doing so were a matter involving much cost, there might bc some excuse for postponing it ; but the cost is a mere trifle, and thc advantages in our climate are toa obvious to be enumerated. It is much to be regretted that thc absence of a little forethought by school committees or teachers haB resulted in tho loss of years of precious timo ; but better late than never, and we are therefore pleased to leam that the teachers aud scholars of the Contra! Schools contemplate raising a sum of about £20-which being supplemented by the Go- vernment grant will amount to £100-to bc expended iu planting thc grounds with shade trees and fencing them in. In the last report J by tho District Iuspcctorof the William-street ] Schools, the want of shade trees is referred to; j and it is satisfactory to note that there is now a determination-which we have no doubt will prove successful-to remove thc defect alluded to. SOME of the verdicts recorded at the Into District Court sittings at Clermont have given dissatisfaction, and both our Peak Downs contemporaries call in question the correctness of His Honor Judge Blake's decision in one of these cases. It appears that Mr. J. McCormack sued Young Kim, who kept a butcher's shop, for meat sold, claim £74. Plaintiff swore that the meat had been duly delivered to defendant, and Mr. Tennant, plaintiff's clerk, testified, that defendant had offered him £45 in full settle- ment, giving him at the time £44 and pro- mising the balance in the following week. Defendant, however, denied that he ever made such an offer, and inferred by his evidence in defence that the meat, instead of having been delivered to him, was delivered to another Chinaman named Young Sam, to whom the butcher's shop had been transferred. His Honor non-suited plaintiff with costs. The Telegram, commenting upon the proceed- ings of the Court, says:-"Some of Judge Blake's decisions have occasioned no little surprise in business circles, and there has been quite a flutter in the commercial dovecote. As, however, his Honor bears the very highest reputation as a lawyer, we should infer that he has merely brought to light a few of the blots in our Statute Book. Take the decision in the caso of Mr. McCormack versus Young Kim, a report of which appear in another column. Until this memorable decision, it was not known that a Chinaman's oath was of more value, in law, than the oaths of two white men. Yet such must be the fact ; for in this casa the evidence of Mr. McCormack, a gentleman of long business standing on Peak Downs, and of Mr. Tennant, an accountant, went for nothing, while full effect was given to the testimony of the defendant, who is a Chinaman, and was sworn, like most of his countrymen, an the blowing out of a match. In a word, thc negative evidence of the China- man was allowed to outweigh thc positive testimony of two old bnsiness residents." THE usual monthly meeting of the Com- mittee of the Fitzroy Pastoral Society was held on Friday afternoon in the offices of MesBrs. Brown and Risien. Present : Messrs. \Y. Pattison (Chairman), J. Macpherson, J. Murray, E. P. Livermore, and \Y. C. Clements. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The Improvement Committee reported that they hod accepted the following tenders :-From Joseph Rossiter for four new gates aud sundry repairs, £19 17s. ; from William Aspinall, for painting outside gates, &c.;, £9; sind J. Lowry for gravel at 28. per cubic yard. Thc Secretary said that Mr. Rossiter's tender had been finished, and Mr. Lowry had delivered 237 loads of gravel. Mr. D. Macintosh's tcuder for supply- ing certificate frames wasaccepted. The follow- ing resolutions were then agreed to :-That the entrance fee for blood horses be reduced from 10s. Cd. to 5s. each ; that one entrance in four be allowed ; that the date of entrance in horses and cattle classes be extended to 1st July; that entrances be received on the ground till two p.m. on the 8th July for classes 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 2G, and 27, sec- tion I. (miscellaneous entrances of horses) ; that one publican's booth and one fruit and refreshment stall be sold by Mr. Brown on the 28th instant ; and that the public bo admitted at ll a.m. on the 8th July. The prices for admission at the forth- coming Bhow were also arranged. Thc Secre- tary stated that Mrs. Kingel had kindly pre- sented a cup valued at four guineas for the best sample of fresh butter. Tho Secretary of the Gas Company bad applied to him (Mr. Risien) for permission to lay gas on to the shed for thc purpose of exhibiting a gas cook- ing Btove ot work, which permission he had granted. On thc motion of Mr. Kirwan seconded by Mr. Macpherson, the following accounts were passed for payment:-J. nos- siter, flfl 17s.; C. H. Buzacott, ¿Ti 14s. fid.; and tho Secretary, £25. The Committee then adjourned. THE chief hope of thc Bonapartists in France has been extinguished by the untimely death of thc Prince Imperial whilst engaged in fighting for that Power which the First Napoleon did his utmost to destroy. His ltoyal Highness was on the 1st instant with a party of British troops making a rccou mÜBance, when they were surprised by the enemy, and before they could withdraw thc Prince was attacked and osscgaicd, thus falling a victim in an ignoble war with a race of savages. No further particulars aro yet to hand, but there seems no reason to question thc authenticity of the account. Thc following bio- graphical notice is from "Men of thc Time": Napoleon (Prince Imperial of France), Eugene Louis .lean Joseph, sou of thc late Emperor Napoleon III. and the Kmpress Kugenc, was horn ou Mardi IC, ISSfi. For sometime great fears were entertained, on account of thc delicacy of his health, which improved con- siderably in tho summer of 1807. lu 1870 he accompanied his father to the scat of war, and vas present on August 2, at thc capture ol Kaarbiick, when thc Emperor telegraphed tu tho Empress at Paris this memorable despatch : Louis has just received his baptism of fire. He showed admirable coolness, and was not at all affected. A division of (louerai Frus R.ird lias captured the heights which overlmik thc left bank of Sa» rbi ¡ck. The Prussians made but a short resistance. We vern in t!ie front rauk, but the bullets and cannon-balls fell at our feet. Louis has kept a bullet which fell quite close to him. Some of thc soldiers went at seeing him so calm. Wc have only lost one oiliccr and t^n men killed." After tile disastrous defeat at Sedan, thc young prince made his escape to Belgium, ami crossing from Ostend to Dover cm September li, proceeded t'> Hastings, where lie was joined by the Empress three days later. He subse quoutly resided with his illustrious parents aV Chislchurst. His Imperial Highness joiued tho Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, as a gentleman cadet, and pursued his studies there, without intermission, excopt for a short period, when, in consequence of the death of his father, he was unablo to bc present at thc periodical examination in February, 1873. He then joined the first class of students pro ' paring for the examination for commissions in thc Royal Engineers and Royal Artillery, with which class he was associated during bis sub- sequent career at the Academy. At the final examination in February, 1875, he stood seventh in a class of thirty-four, a position which, if he bad wished to enter thc British army, would have entitled him to elect service in thc Artillery or Engineers. liv the Bunyip thc vocal and dramatic members of Carlton's Ghost Company took their departure yesterday, intending to open at Mackay on Wednesday night. The "Ghost," in care of the mechanists, remains herc for the present, but will rejoin the com- pany at Townsville, from thence proceeding to Charters Towers and other northern ports. AK alarm of fire was raised on Saturday afternoon about five o'clock. It was found to be in a chimney of Mr. Forrest's house, William-street, and was extinguished by a few of the neighbours before the arrival of tho Brigade. The occurrence collected a larg« crowd, who seemed rather disappointed when they heard it was "only a chimney." The Brigade and several constables were promptly on the spot. Os Saturday night the drama of "Jack Sheppard " was enacted at the Theatre to a well-filled house, thc pit especially being crowded. Thc play is not of the highest class, and it is questionable whether the vivid, representation of criminal society produce a good effect upon thc spectators. This evening "Colleen Bawn" and "Nan the Good-for nothing," will bo placed on tho boards, when. Mr. J. J. Kennedy takes his benefit. Mr. Kennedy is a painstaking actor, and his genial and unassuming manner has gained him many friends, who will bc glad to see him greeted, with a bumper bouse. A FiuoHTFVi. and fatal accident occurred on. Saturday evening to a man whose name we cannot up to the present ascertain, but who is known as the Banana' mailman. It appears .that he was observed to bc thc worse for drink on Saturday afternoon at the station previous to the departure of the 5'15 p.m. train for Westwood, and as ho had no money to buy a ticket a woman who knew him guaranteed that payment should bo made to the guard on arrival at that station, which has since been done. Ho therefore left by the quarter-past fivo train. On reaching the Ten-mile station he got out and, not returning in time, was left behind. He then walked homewards along the line, and had gono about three quarters of a mile. Here the unfor túnate man probably fell, and was either unable or unwilling to rise. About twenty minutes psst six the traiu that leaves West- wood for Rockhampton passed that spot. It is of course impossible to describe exactly how the accident occurred, but from the effects which were afterwards noted tho causes may be stated with tolerable certainty. The corner of the iron step leading up to tho engine struck the man in the temple ; his clothing mast have caught in a spike attached to the lower parts of thc machinery ; his .body was then drawn amongst the axles and revolving wheels, and cut up and smashed in a sickening manner. The right leg and right arm were clean cut off; the trunk was out in two between th e apex of the legs and the left side of tho neck; thc left arm was roken" and the face was a moss of contusion. It is probable that all these inj aries were not inflicted by this train, for another train ' passed town ward s about a quarter-past eight and probably completed, the laceration of the body. No shock was observable on tbe trains at the time, but when tho event was known one of the guards remembered experiencing a slight jolt, too common, however, to arrest attention. Yesterday morning, as the con- struction train was proceeding up the line, the driver, Mr. Lawson, saw the mutilated remains, which were then brought back to town. The Police Mogistrate viewed the body, and gave an order for burial. The usual inquiry will 1)'; held this morning, in the Court House, at ten o'clock. FßoM tho Tckgrcm we learn that tho sittings of the District Court opened at Cler- mont, boforo his Honor Judge Blake, on last Saturday week, Mr. P. Real prosecuting for the Crown. The calendar was very light, and the business, both criminal and civil, was got through in oue day. John Dickson was charged with forging and uttering an order for £5, which he had given to Messrs. Travers and Gibson's station manager, in part payment of a bullock sold to prisoner. Henry Grant, a carrier, stated in his evidence that prisoner had told him he had given an order on Christian and Rivers', und had signed his (Grants') name with a cross. The evidence for thc prosecution was somewhat weak, and thc jury, after a short summing up from his Honor, returned a vc rdict of not guilty. W. Nteele was in. dieted for forging and uttering a che amount from £3 18s . to £30 ISs. The former Secretary of the Evesham Jockey Club gave the cheque for £3 18s. to a person named George Themas, and discovered the alteration on examii ung his pass-book. Thomas proved having re ceived a cheque for that amount, and paying it away to prisoner two years ago. The cheqi ie for £30 18s. was received from prisoner by a labourer named Talbot in October, 1877. Mr. Winter, who appeared for tho defence i l this as well as the former case, pointed ont t.hat prisoner had been under arrest for nine» months. Sub Inspector Dyas stated that the delay was occasioned in procuring cvi dei \c o from Aramac. Thc jury brought in a verdlict i»f gn^ty on the second count, and His Honor v taking into account tho time already spent in gaol, sen- tenced prisoner to a furtb cr terr. I of one year and nine months. Ah J aug reo ;ivcd a sen- tence of six months for s< ¡ealing a horse ; and Edwin T. 0. Sinclair for obtainin i? eighteen shillings hy means of a fal se pretend '. received a similar sentence. In thc civil case of McCormack v. Young K an, goods sold, £74 5s. 10d., the plaintiff was nonsuited ; Craven r. lirias, dishonoured promissory inrtt'. £'". aljourned until next sit! n'ngs ; Tlioni|W< m and Cushion r. Max ITosti «., goods sol il. £H His. Sd., verdict for pla intiffs with costs. In twelve undefended cai; ECS the plaintiffs re- ceived verdicts for the n mounts claimed. Citowsix<; TUE SAMO-AS Kim;.- The < .cr- inan war ship Albatross arrived at AiK'kl. «nd on -Inné 1, with Samoan; files to the 171 h u from which we take tho following : -i In S.iturd.iy, thc Uni May . the much- vexed kir 'fe' question was settled, 4 .or thc l im j at least !.. » the TaamasagspBrty toking ti ic initiative and crowning Maleatoa as the king. About 3 p.m. the King, together with his standard-bearer and a deputation appointed by tho Tuamasaga chiefs, proceeded from Mátatele to Muliuuu. Having arrived at the roalai, or public square, opposite the Government flagstaff, the King was placed in a chair, surrounded by hiB supporters. Tueatafu, the principal speaking man of thc Tuamasaga division, then went down to the Taimtia and Faipulc, or " Govern ,ment," to invite them to come and witness thc crowning of the King. About half-au-hour'B discussion herc took place upon the subject, which finally ended in Tueatafu telling the Government that he was gowing to crown Maleatoa as the King for ever, and if they like to come and witness it, all well and good, > and if they died not, ft would not make any difference. Tueatafu then returned to the King party, and informed them what had passed between himself and the Government. After this had been done two pieces of cannon which were on the ground were loaded, thc flag run up on the Govern- ment flagstaff, twenty-one guns fired, and Maleatoa proclaimed King after the Samoan fashion. How this matter will end it is hard just now to say, but the Government party talk of fighting. The general opinion is, however, that they will not bc able to obtain forces enough to face thc King party, and they will eventually hare to give up thc idea." Commenting on thc above circumstance, tho Samoa Timex of the 17th May says :-" If anything were needed to prove the utter inability of thc Taimua aud Faipulc to govern Samoa, that proof waa given on Tuesday last, when they called upon thc foreign consuls to try and induce them to specially protect Muliuuu aud themselves. In order to con- sider thc request of thc Taimua and Faipulc to protect them upon Mulinuu Point, .1 meet- ing of the foreign COUBUIS was held on Wednes- day. It was decided that the consuls could only interfere in so far as their various countrymen were concealed. Over purely Samoan concerns they had no control, and that Samoans must settle their own diffi- culties." THE BURRUM AND GYMPIE.-The announce- ment that a company has been formed for the Earpóse of constructing a railway'from Mary orugh, Queensland, to the Burrum, will be hailed with satisfaction (says the Sydney Mail) by the inhabitants of the district named, whose want of funds alone has prevented them from taking the enterprise in hand themselves. Thc Queensland Government are now con- structing a railway from Maryborough to Gympie at a great expense, notwithstanding that it is the firm opinion of those who best understand the requirements of the district that the line will bc unremunerative. It certainly posses through miserable country for the great part of its length, and will, until the very distant date at which Maryborough will be connected with Brisbane by rail, assuredly do little beyond paying wages. It Ima been satisfactorily proved that immense deposits of coal exist at the Burrum, and a local company has, for some years past, been doing its best to supply the requirements of Maryborough by bringing Burrum coal up the Mary Baver in small river steamers. The smallness of the scale on which operations have been conducted, and the fact the Burrum coal, though of good quality, is hardly equal-at any rate, when taken as at present, from near the surface-to coal from Newcastle, hos hitherto told against the local article so severely that largo ships, which might, under other circumstances, take from Maryborough to Sau Francisco largo cargoes of coal, have gone away in ballast. Thc company of capitalists who have now taken the matter up, are wc, believe, headed by Mr. Hurley, M.L.A., and muBt be considered to have in hand ono of the most legitimate and promising speculations in which money can be invested. THE PROVINCIAL AND SOTIURDAN BANK_ The shareholders of thc Provincial and Subur- ban Bank held a meeting yesterday (says the Arum of the 10th instant) at the Melbourne Athonieum, for the purpose of taking «tens to wind-up the oompany voluntarily. Mr. Hackett, the chairman of tho bank, presided, and there was a large attendance. The pro- ceedings were of a noisy and confused descrip- tion throughout. The committee appointed nt the last meeting to investigate the affairs of the bank brought up a report in which they stated that in their opinion the assets of the bank had been undervalued by Mesara. JBder .nd Vallentine to the extent of from,£16,000 . to £60,000. They also considered that..4MI of £1 per share would, with the present assets of thc bank, be sufficient to pay all demands. A report was also read from the manager and directors, in which, while they admitted that they had made mistakes, they pleaded that they had acted to tho best of their judgment, and had been grossly deceived with respect to some of the securities on which they had made advances. The committee's report was received by the meeting, but no formal notice was taken of the directors' attempted justification. Résolutions wore unanimously passed to wind ap the company voluntarily, aud to appoint liquidators, but at this point the unanimity of tho meeting ended. When tho question of the remuneration and the personnel ot the liquidators came on for dis- cussion it was apparent that the meeting was divided into two parties-the one comprising the few large shareholders, and tho other the great preponderance oí email shareholders. The former (who had with them the chief creditors of the honk) desired that the re- muneration should be fixed at such a rate os wonld compensate efficient and experienced men, in whom the creditors as well as thc shareholders would have confidence. Thc great body of the meeting, however, were intent on fixing the pay of the liquidators as tow as possible, and succeeded by large majorities in fixing the amount at 2 per cent on the assets realised, and in carrying the appointment of Messrs. It. E. Jacomb, W. Watkins, and F. C. Mason, M.L.A. The result of the meeting was by no means satis- factory to some parties largely interested, who threaten to force the bank into thc Insolvent Court. Tm; AiTsTiui.iAX AK» EUROVEAV BAXK. A cheerful and hopeful feeling (says thc A rgnx) pervaded the large meeting of depositors and customers of the Australian and European Bank, which was held in the Assembly-hall on the 10th instant. Immediately after the chairman had opened the proceedings, Mr. Munro, M.L.A., read the report of a com- mittee of depositors appointed by the direc- tors on Saturday to investigate the affaire of thc bank. This report, which was signed by Messrs. Munro, D. Whitley, and W. B. Shaw, and also thc bank's auditors, Messrs. Danby and Lilly, was to the effect that thc accounts submitted by the management accurately re- presented thc position of tho bank, and that £30,000 would cover any loss likely to accrue in connection with the present business. That would leave £120,000 of the bank's present capital untouched, and the directors have made a call of £60,000, thc capital available as a security to depositors would bc at once increased to £180,000 instead of £100,000 as formerly. With regard to the immediately available resources of thc bank, thc committee were of opinion that there would he sufficient to ensure the carrying out of tho propo- sition to bc submitted to the deposi- tors. Thc proposition of tho directors which was read by thc manager, was, in his brief, that thc current account balances and deposits at call not exceeding £50 should bo payable within fourteen days if required ; that, with regan! lo such balances ana Buch deposits above £50, they should be payable as follows :-One fourth part, or CW, whichever sum waa the greater, in fourteen days if required, and the balance by deposit receipts in equal amounts for three and pix months, bearing six per cent interest : that deposits other than deposits nt call should bc payable as they fall due, OB follows-One-fourth in cash, if required, and the remainder by fresh deposit receipts. Mr. Munni moved that thc proposition bc agreed to. After some discussion, in thc course of which Mr. N. Levi brought forward a counter proposition, which, however, was not formally ¡mt to the merline:, thc directors' proposition w.i^ almost un- jiimously agreed to. there beinj only two or three dissentients. The call made ¡by thc directors yesterday is one of t'l per aliare. At thc close of the meeting about 160 depositors, representing nearly £90,000, at- tached their signatures to tho arrangement proposed hy the hank. Steps arc being taken' to Obtain thc concurrence of the country depositors, and it is confidently hoped that thc bank will re-open in a few days. MANUFACTURE OF "SHODDY" IN VICTORIA. The following complimentary reference to Melbourne woollen-mill companies is from the Oretan;/ Advertiser:-"An attempt is being made just now to make political capital out of the fact that a couple of woollen factories are about shortening the days of labour to five per week. Bad legislation and the scarcity of money are said to be the causes of this, but that is not the truth. For more than a couple of years past there has been competition among the factories in the colony, and prices have been gradually towering. In order to dispose of the goods manufactured by them, the mill proprietors in Melbourne aud other places have been turning out a class of goods which is]known as 'shoddy,'and this, of course, can be sold ata 'sacrifice,' nnd thus first-class goods receive but a moderate de- mand. Rather than overstock the market at the present time, and submit to the cutting prices caused by the sale of ' shoddy,' the Barwon and Victorian Woollen Factories seem inclined to diminish the hours of labour, and the Victorian Factory directors have decided to work the mill for the present during five days in the week." A VERDICT AGAINST HIE COMMERÇAI, BANK. -Judgment was given yesterday (says the Melbourne Argm of the 10th instant) by Mr. Justice Molesworth in the suit of Hicks 'v. Commercial Bank. The plaintiff. Mr. J. C. Hicks, a mining speculator, sought to redeem 200 shares in the Black Horse United Com- pany, which he had Iogcd with the bank in December, 1874, as security for an overdraft of £350. Thc bank was authorised to sell them if ho made default in payment of the debt on demand. Mr. Priestly, the inspector of branches of the bank, said that in 1875 he asked the plaintiff to pay, and threatened to sell ; that plaintiff did not pay, and he then caused the shares to bc transferred to the name af a governess in his family. An ac- count was opened in her name, and she paid the calls with cheques drawn upon it, although she never had any interest in the shares or the account. Mr. Priestly wrote to the plain- tiff that the shares had been sold for 4s. Cd. each. He did this, he said, because he did not want other creditors to attach the shares. According to the officers of the bank, the plaintiff was several times afterwards in 1876 told that if he would pay the overdraft and calls he could have the shares. The plaintiff, however, denied this. lu January, 1877, 125 of the shares were sold by the bank at £1 10s. each, and plaintiff was again offered the qther 75 if he would pay up. . This offer the Îlaintiff denied having been made. In July, 877, the remaining 75 shares wera sold at £3 9s. In the beginning of 1878 plaintiff claimed the right to redeem the shares, and this .being refused .instituted this suit in August last. The shares had then risen to about £7 each. His Honor was of opinion that no definite demand had been made on the plaintiff for payment of his overdraft, and therefore that the bank was not justified in selling. He declared the plaintiff entitled to redeem on paying the overdraft, the calls, and interest at 8 per cent, He suggested that to avoid expense of taking accounts the parties should agree as to the amount due. 