Professor Pepper and his Popular Popular Science Illustrations. THE name of Professor Pepper is familiar throughout the civilized world as that of one who has done more, perhaps, than any other living individual to popularise science in all its numerous branches, to give a zest to what was generally regarded as dry and uninteresting, and to stimulate a healthy spirit of enquiry. For many years he has been an unwearying instructor of the people, and has done much to prepare the way for the system of technical instruction which is now regarded as forming an essential feature of modern education. It is, however, as the inventor of the wonderful Ghost illu- sion that Professor Pepper will always be best known. This marvellous scientific effect was first produced by him at the Royal Polytechnic, London, on "Boxing Day," i.e., the day after Christmas Day, 1862. The effect on the public mind was that of intense and awe- stricken astonishment. Many thought that the Pro- fessor was a true spiritualist, and attributed to him supernatural powers. But in due course the patent was read, and then, it was discovered that this beautiful illusory result was brought about by a plate of unsil- vered glass, which reflected a highly illuminated live or still object so perfectly that the spectral form frequently looked more real than the living persons standing on the stage and performing with the ghost. Professor Pepper's patent was the subject of a trial in the High Court of Chancery before Lord Chancellor Westbury, in Septem- ber, 1863, at which judgment was given in favour of the patentee. Amongst the affidavits put in by Professor Pepper on that occasion none are more interesting than those signed by the late Sir David Brewster, and by the late Sir Charles Wheatstone. Sir David Brewster, after mentioning that for sixty years he had studied the science of optics, emphatically declares that the means of producing the Ghost illusion, as adopted by Professor Pepper, were not previously known. Sir Charles Wheat- stone says, that although the fact that an image reflected from the surface of an unsilvered glass could be made to appear in the same place as a solid object seen directly through it had long been a subject of casual observa- tion, the principle had not been employed for the pur- pose of producing an extraordinary optical delusion until Professor Pepper availed himself of it for purposes of stage illusion. Sir Charles also stated that without "the happy suggestion" of Professor Pepper, that the electric or oxyhydrogen light should be used for the purpose of illuminating the concealed object which produces the phantasmal image, the invention would be valueless. Experience has enabled Professor Pepper to improve in countless ways on the original invention, but perhaps the most remarkable is the Metempsychosis illusion recently patented by him. This, the latest, and in many respects the most wonderful of the many optical delusions which the Professor has originated, in its varied application seems endless, as exemplified during the season at the School of Arts, just concluded. Its marvellous effectiveness was exhibited in the "Ghost of Banquo," in "Fisher's Ghost," a colonial story, which proves the adage, "murder will out" (which we illus- trate) ; the "Artist's Dream," and in many other ways its applicability to dramatic representation, was thoroughly established. But the fertility of Professor Pepper is not exhausted, as witness the recent pro- duction at the Victoria Theatre of his play, "Hermes and the Alchymist," which is intended to unite science with the drama. Here again the patented Metem- psychosis Illusion is employed with great effectiveness, and, in addition, many extraordinary scientific illustra- tions are introduced. The story is briefly told. The Alchymist, a gentleman of considerable scientific attainments, is desirous of obtaining the great secret, possessed only by Hermes, of the elixir of life; he accordingly summons Hermes, who mysteriously appears, and to silence the doubts as to his identity, discloses a magnificent electric star blazing upon his breast; he (Hermes) then performs many wonderful experiments which completely astonish the alchymist; he finally confides to him the secret of the preparation of the priceless elixir, which shall give him perpetual life, but bids him beware of the ninth process of preparation. The Alchymist's daughter becomes alarmed at the awful nature of her father's laboratory, which she enters, and flies away with the Grand Duke, who marries her, and returning to her father's house just as he has attempted the manufacture of the magic elixir, and nearly lost his life in the process, all ends happily. There is a great deal of fun infused into the action by the clumsy and inquisitive assistant, Hans, who is always upsetting the experiments ; and the drama is full of bewildering novelties in chemical and scientific illustrations, which include a liberal use of the electric light. (Illustrations continued on page 6.) To OUR SUBSCRIBERS AND READERS:—In consequence of the pressure on our columns this month, we have been compelled to omit "Social Twitters" and other interesting articles. PROFESSOR PEPPER AND HIS POTÜLAU fcClE.M'E IL LU S T fl A TI O 2s S. {From paye 3) MlQXMmêQF G'am&beM;'sj QMvâ&m; Party* Sit B&Si;&m;ⅈí-j Ox Friday, the 7th instant, Mrs. Campbell gave a large garden party in the garden and grounds of Rosemont, in honour of the Foreign and Colonial Commissioners and Representatives to the International Exhibition and the commanders and officers of the British and foreign ships of war now in harbour. Invitations were issued to about five hundred guests, who began to assemble at 4- o'clock, and before 5 p.m. at least four hundred had arrived, and as they walked up the long avenue that leads from the entrance gates to the house, were greeted by the wild strains of Mcinnes, the accomplished Highland piper, who discoursed the choicest Scotch airs and piohnwhs on the terrace over- looking the garden. Mr. .Kohler and his charming little band occupied the bower at the lower end: the German Band were stationed in a central position on the lawn near the pond, and in a line between the two revolving fountains. The refreshments, consisting of tea and coffee, strawberries and cream, &c.;, were served in the upper end of the garden, under the shade of a large verandah, 100 feet long, overlooking the whole of the grounds. The games indulged in were lawn tennis and croquet, and after a time both made way for dancing on the lawns, which were in admirable order for the purpose. The elevated position of Rosemont (250 feet above the sea level), afforded the guests an opportunity of enjoying most extensive and picturesque views of land, mountain, and water such as are rarely to be found in any part of the world. To the north-east, the Pacific Ocean and the smoke of the Hunter River steamers were seen at a distance of o0 miles, with the numerous headlands and bays of Port Jackson, and the village oí Manly in the foreground. On the west and south-west, a splendid view of the City, and of the stately towers and dome of the Garden Palace was obtained, the cleai outlines of the Blue Mountains forming the background at least sixty miles distant. Among the invited guests were : Sir John ¡uni Lady Hay, Sir William and Lady Manning and the Misses Manning', Mr. Justice Windeyer, Mrs. Windeyer, and tho Misse: Windemer, The Right Rev. the Bishop of Sydney and Mrs. Barker, lin Very Rev. thc Dean of Sydney and Mrs. Cowper, Tile Rev. Dr. Steel an> Mrs. Steel, The Rev. Dr."Fullerton, Commodore and Mrs. Wilson, Hon F. xM. Darley, M.<,.C, and Mrs. Darley, Mr and Mrs. Walter Land. Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Dangar, Captain Purvc* and officers of H. M. S D«vae. Hon. Thomas Holt, M.L.C.; Hon. William BusW, M.L.C. Mrs. and the Misses Busby, Hon. S. D. Gordon, M.L.C, and Mi*s Gonion Capt. Horne, H.M.S. Fly, and Mrs. Horne, Hon. James "Whit*, M.L.C. and Mrs. White, Hon. John Mark», M.L. C.and Mrs. Marks, Hon. Janie Norton, M.L.C,Mrs. and thc Misses Norton, Hun. W. J. Foster. M.L C. Mrs. and Miss Foster, Hon. Saul Samuel, M.L.C, Mrs. and the Misse Samuel, Hon. Professor Smith, M.L C., and Mrs. Smith, Judge Dowling Mis. and Miss Dowling, Mr. Rolleston, C. M.fl., and M rs. Ro'leston, Hon J. B. Watt, M.L.C. ; Professor Gurney, Mrs. Wragge-Gnrnoy and Mis Gurney, Professor Liversidge, Mr. and Mrs. Alex. Stuart and Miss Stuart Mr. anil Mrs. Alex. Gordon and the Mibses G rdon, Sir Geo. and Lad, Innes, Dr. and Mrs. Garran, and the Misses Garran, Colonel and Mrs ' Roberts, Colonel and Mrs.Richardson, Mr. P A. Jennings, C.M.G., and Mn Jennings, Mr. and Mrs. J. li, Fairfax, Dr. Duncan, R.N., and Mrs. Dun can, Dr. Manning, R.N. ; Mr. and Mrs. Main prise, M r. and Mrs. Charle Lloyd, AL. and Mrs. Augustus Morris, Capt. Chiideu and officers of th German Man-of-War, Nautilus; Capt. Mathieu and officers of the Frene' ship, Rhin; Captain Mensing and officers of the German warship, Alba tross; Capt. E. M. and Mrs. Manning, Mrs. Hen. O'Brien, Miss Osborne Mr., Mrs., and Miss Maccabe, Mr. and Mrs Milhourne Marsh, Ml Harus Sakata, Imperial Japanese Commissioner; Mr. Watanabe an Mr. Marukami, Secretaries of the Japanese Commission ; Mr. Victo Schönberger, Commissioner for Austiia; Professor Reuleaux, Con missioner for Germany ; Mr. Van Schelle, Bejgiau Commissioner ; M.! D. Groot, Netherlands Commissioner : Dr. C. C. Cox, United Statt Commissioner ; Mr. Ernst Eugstur, Representative of Switzerland ; M:v Clorcenti, Commissioner for Straits Settlements, and Mrs. dementi Dr. Hector, Commissioner for New Zealand; Mr. Davenport. Con missioner for South Australia; Mr. Lukin, Commissioner for Queen laud and Mrs. Lukin ; Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Brodribb and Miss Brodribl Mr. and Mrs. Henry Mort. Mr. and Mrs. and tue Mi.-ses Joseph, M and Mrs. Henry White, Dr. Jenkins, Mrs. and tho Misses Jenkins. M and Mrs. M. C. McHardy, Mr. and Mrs. Finlayson. Mr. and Mrs. F. ; Wilson, Capt. and Mrs. H. Lc Paton rel, Mr. and Mrs. G A. Lloyd, D and Mrs. Sydney Jones, Dr. and Mrs. Quaife, (tu., ka. 