HEROIC TURF LEGISLATION. Short handicaps and two-year-old races are ad mittedly undermining the stamina of our race horses, and the puny efforts of the jockey club to add one furlong to the stature of our two-year-old races, remind us that, in the words pat by the authors of " Rejected Addresses" into the mouth of Dr. Johnson's ghost, " a swelling opening is too often succeeded by an insignificant conclusion, and that parturient mountains have ere now produced muscipular abortions." It may even be doubted whether the alteration, for which we are indebted to the superhuman and tardy energy of the jockey . club, has not in it more of evil than good . Tf it he impolitic to run a two-year-old over a four furlong course at Lincoln Spring and at Northampton, will not his powers be subjected to an additional strain when lie is asked to travel over five furlongs ? Moreover, it is not possible to contemplate the dis appearance of the Chesterfield Stakes at Newmar ket from the Racing Calendar without serious re gret, seeing that the race has been in existence for nearly 50 years, and that it has been won, among others, by sucli historical animals as Elis. Crucifix, ' Teddington, Saccharometer, Achievement, Formosa, and Crcmorne. The only excuse for such early spins as the Brocklesby at Lincoln, the Althorp- park at Northampton, and the Little John Stakes at Nottingham, is that the distance is only four luriongSj.aua mat tnere are always some smau compact animals which are at their best in the first few months of their racing existence, and could not live when brought into competition with bigger rivals as the year advances. We cannot see that the elongatiou of the ahovementioned races will make them less fashionable, or be a benefit to the equine babies by which they are won. In fact, the so-called reform of the jockey club seems to be made on the principle enunciated in the well-known line " Dat veniam corvis, vexat censura columbas." The " doves." or two-year-olds, have a harder task than ever imposed upon them, and the " crows" or handicaps — once designated by Admiral lious as the black cloud upon our racing horizon — are per mitted to escape without a word of censure. The jockey club appears to have shut its eyes to the undeniable fact that the turf — by which we mean not racing men, but suffering and overworked horses — is labouring under what is called, in the human subject, the malady of plethora from over feeding. Every sporting writer tells us that, judged by the multiplicity of race meetings, the turf was never so prosperous ; that more than £200,000 in added money were given away in 1878 ; that the entries for some few weight-for-age races show a steady advance ; and that such prices have lately been given for superior horses as would as tonish the last generation of racing men. It seems to be forgotten that, thanks to the increase of population, and to the vast augmentation aud wider diffusion of money, every other public amuse ment shows similar indications of prosperity. There are, for instance, about forty theatres at this moment in London, where half that number suf ficed when her Majesty ascended the throne. Never were packs of foxhounds so numerous, and fields of horsemen, generally mounted on superb horses, -as semble at the meets in ever-growing swarms. The Oxford and Cambridge boat race has been elevated into an annual festival, and the great cricket matches of the year invite such throngs of specta tors that the bursting grounds at Lord's and. the Oval are unable to contain them. Now, there is nothing to he said in depreciation of the popularity attained by great actors and actresses, by famous packs of foxhounds, or by such famous cricketers as the Graces and the Lytteltons. But the popu larity of the turf, as attested by the "inordinate multiplication of races, involves issues fraught with mischief to that noble animal, the thorough bred. Upon every side of us there are growing up gate-money meetings, to the very existence of which it is necessary that they should be able to attract a vast concourse of people. This can only be done by creating an endless succession of races, contested by big fields, which provoke speculation, and necessitate the condition that the selected courses should vary between half a mile and six furlongs in leDgth. It has been repeatedly sugges ted that the jockey club would have done infiuitely more good if, instead of making a puny alteration in two-year-old courses, they had enacted that no three-year-old should be allowed uuder any circum stances to run over a course less than one mile in length. This would indeed be heroic legislation, but we dare not flatter ourselves that the jockey club, at any moment since its birth in the reign of George H., would have possessed virtue and courage enough to pass a law whicli at present could not fail to knock half the race meetings in England on the head. Such an outburst of remonstrance would in this event ascend from trainers, jockeys, clerks of courses, and from the multitudinous leeches who hang on to the carcass of the turf for a living, that the jockey club would become not less unpopular than Sir Joseph Hawley when he attempted to introduce a far less radical reform. There is but one alteration which it is possible for our turf senators to compass, and the demand for it is becoming so imperative that we do not des pair of seeing it carried without the intervention of the House of Commons. " Too much racing, " is the cry which greets us on every side, and the time seems to he at hand when, between them, Sandown- park and Kempton-park will have a race meeting every alternate fortnight throughout the racing year. The jockey club must interfere to prevent the birth of fresh meetings : and, furthermore, they must enact that, witb the exception of Newmarket, no place be allowed to hold more than a couple of fixtures in the course of the year. The incessant recurrence of meetings necessitates those short handicaps, of which the pernicious effects are incon testable ; and such is the growing sense of a neces sity for stringent legislation in this direction, that failing the jockey club, other hands will sooner or later boSfouud to do the work. — Field. 