Cfte 3^apuutsa f^eralu» TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1879 MUNICIPAL MATTERS. It is astonishing how little interest appears to be manifested by the bulk of the residents within the Corporate Town of Kapunda in a matter which, undoubtedly^ is of great importance to them as ratepayers. Much of our comfort and business facilities depend on the administration of the Municipal government bjr the Mayor and Coun cillors for tbe tjme beingj but although we hear frequent growls if anything occurs during the year which jars with what may fee considered the proper thing, singularly enough the rate payers never give the matter a thought at the time when they really have any control over it, by .taking some heed as to whom they send in, and by ascer taining before hand what are their views on the various subjects which may be expected to come before the Council in the .ensuing year. "We are not finding-any .fault with the Council that has been inoffice during the' pre sent year. On the whole they have administered the affairs of the Cor poration satisfactorily. But can the ratepayers lay to their souls the flat tering unction that this is due to the care they have exercised in selecting the right men for the right position? No. bo far. as any interest they- dis played. in the maimer is concerned those who were returned might have /been equally as bad as they have turned out good. Moreover, the display of so much apathy on the part of the rate payers as..to who may be. returned acts as a deterrent to those who, if more interest were jmanifested, might give their services in return for the honor which is supposed to attach to the position. We say supposed, for the honor ean only be regarded by the ratepayers as ideal and not actual, or they would not be so careless as to on. whom it was bestowed. "We repeat that considering the little interest the ratepayers have, manifested, it is a matter for great congratulation that we should have been as well ^repre sented in the past as we; hayo' been. We have no sympathy with Opposition for opposition's sake, but, at the same time, we should like to see a proper interest manifested by the ratepayers, and adequate importance attached to the position by those, ratepayers who possess a. stake in the town and have sufficient leisure, at their disposal, to induce them to become candidates for office. The positions have no right to go begging. "What little temporary interest may be manifested is usually with regard to the Mayoralty. We should be glad to^ see this office still more warmly prized; but after all the Mayor, though officially representing the town in all public matters, has really less, power in the ordinary deliberations of the Council than the Councillors who represent the various Wards, and the choice of proper persons to fill those offiees is of. equal if. not greater im portance than in respeet to the Mayoralty. Yet at the meeting which was held a month or two back on thi> subject almost the whole of the time was taken up in discussing the ques« tion of the Mayoralty; and though several gentlemen, who it may be fairly assumed will make excellent Coun cillors, were duly proposed for the respective Wards, no one took tile trouble to ask the views of any of one of them on Municipal matters, and are consequently in utter ignorance as to what course they will tate should they be returned. We were glad that some ot our leading citizens consented to stand for the office of Councillor, be cause their doing so. may infuse 'new life into the proceedings, ,and because, alfso, we think JjMihe proper path to the Mayoralty is by way of the Coun cillor s seats.. There are, of course exceptions toe very rule, but as a rule much time must be wasted when the gentleman elected to preside7 over the deliberations of a Municipal Council has had no previpus experience of the business transacted at aich meetings The proper way, then, to get the Mayor s chair worthily and adequately filled is to induce gentlemen of means and ability to first serve as Council lors, as thereby they make themselves thoroughly acquainted with the routine of business, and are enabled before hand to decide as to what changes it may be advisable for them to introduce into the conduct of the business when '"n™ course they themselves are called upon to preside, as Mayor, over the dehbeeaticms of the Municipal parliaments .y® ha^e. frequently in connection with !§l!umcipal matters expressed our dissatisfaction at the manner in which the health rate is expended, it being as a rule absorbed into the general revenue. As far as we can see there has not been any improvement in this matter during the past year. We notice ^wever, that at the last meet ng of the Council, a statement of accounts was presented, but for all practical purposes it might inst as well have been omitted, for what did it . show? Simply that of the £128 16s. Id. to which the rate levied specially for health purposes amminfa £121 8s. had been collected; that of this sum £44 18s. 9d., or rather more than one-third, had been ex pended in scavenging, that the pro portion of the Inspector's salary charged to this rate was £27 12s.; in other words that it cost 12s. 6d. to oversee the expenditure of every £1, and that the balance due to health rate was £48 18s. 3d. "We should like to know how much was " due" to the health Tate from previous years, and whether there is any likelihood of the debt ever being liquidated. Thei£again the work charged against the health rate is We contend just the ordinary work of cleaning the streets, which the Council would have to un dertake if ho health rate was levied, and which is therefore chargeable to the ordinary revenue. "We contend that the work contemplated when the health rate was levied was very dif ferent "from this. We had had our streets cleaned before the health rate ' was imposed. It should be applied here, as in various other Municipalities, to the establishment andmaintenance of a system of house to house scaveng ing. In many premises such an accumulation of rubbish is collected as to impregnate the air with perfumes anything but healthful or pleasurable. The owners will not go to the trouble or expense of removing the same re gularly, unless the Council provide some systematic means for doing so. This, then, is one of the directions in which the health rate should be ex pended. A contract should be entered into with a scavenger, who should visit different parte of the town on certain days in each week, and the ratepayers should be. required to leave their rubbish in boxes in some accessible place, so that they could be cleared with as little delay as possible. This plan is found to work well elsewhere, and would be just as useful here as in other Municipalities. Bat the fact is the Health Board proceedings are really a farce. We have heard it said that the number of meetings so far this year of the Kapunda Board of Health would be adequately represented by that ovipariously shaped figure which is such a source of dread to cricketers. There is, however, yet time for some amendment in this respect, as since the foregoing was written we learn that the financial year of the Corpora tion and of the Health Board does not. terminate till the 31st December, and that the figures presented to the Mayor in respect to the health rate at the last meeting, where really only in the nature of a progress report. But ais 'Jtii illustration of the remarkable range' of operations of the Health Act frc woiald draw attention to the an nual health report presented by the ' Inspector ait the same meeting of the Council, which it will be observed dealt first with notices to- abate nuisances, next with horses and cattle impounded, then with weights and measures, next with general informa tions laid, alnd lastly with the number ■ of chimneys that had taken fire. We had riot intended to have said thus much on the health rate question just now, but it has served as an illus tration of our contention that as rate payers we are hardly careful enough about matters which so closely affect our pockets, and that if we continue thus careless and apathetic, it is not to be wondered that the Council should construe the silence maintained into unqualified approval alike of their deeds of omission and commis sion. If the ratepayers take an in creased interest in Municipal matters, so also Will the Councillors. Our Municipal representatives are the "reflex of ourselves in this respect, and so far from having a right to grumble at them for not doing better, we have really to be thankful that, lacking the ^stimulus which a manifested interest in their doings would afford, they have done so well. The nomination takes place on Th ursday next, and after that candidates for Municipal honors cannot address any meetings. In the short interval which remains we should like to see at least one good central meeting, at which the various questions affecting the work of the Town Council might be fully and intelligently discussed. The Orient StejLmb&s;—The Aconcagua, which left Plymouth on October 9, arrived at the anchorage on Friday last. • Municipal Nomihatipnb.—We would remind ratepayers that the nominations for jbe vacancies in the Municipality, will take place on Thursday next. Cricket Extraordinary.—In a recent ^racket match, Beachport v. Millicentr, the former eleven m*&e; the extraordinary score of peven—five of which were byes. Mrs. Swann—We notice that Mrs. Swann, mother of Mrs. D. Nock of this town, died at Salisbury after a very short illness on Friday, at the advanced age of seventy nine. Thb COPPER Market.—It will be seen by the latest English telegrams that copper has again gone up io price. Wallaroo being now j quoted at £75 10b., and Burra at £72. Embezzlement.—Tfceapcounts of the Town Clerk of Emerald Hill, Melbourne, who died a phort time back, proyefrom investigation to be all astray, the $stiinpte{| deficiency being £1,150. ' The Gitndagia Boshbakgebs.—We note by the New South Wales telegrams in the Beyisler, that Constable Bowen, who was shot by the bushrangers, died on Sunday. This will still further intensify the feeling against Moonlite and the remnant of his band. Death of Mr. T. Hosier,—We regret to learn that Mr. T. Hosier, J.P., solicitor, of Clare, of which town he was formerly Mayor, and for which office for the ensuing year he had consented to become a candidate, died on Friday night after a short illness. Mr. Hosier was a son of Mrs. John Batten of this town, and a brother of Mrs. M. P. Batten. Railway Bhobims.—rWe note by the Gazette that the total receipts on all tha Government railways for the week ending November 8 was as follows Passenger re ceipts, £2,392 3s. 7d.; goods, £3,918 118b. 9d.; miscellaneous, £66 13s. lOd.; total, £6,407 16s. 2d., being an . increase of £60 Is. 8d. on the receipts of the cor responding week of 1878. Disease Amongst Cattle.—We hear -with regret that a good many persons are losing cattle in the neighbourhood of Kapunda; but : whether from disease or eating poison grass is as yet unknown. We understand that the Corporation Inspector has written to the Commissioner of Crown Lands on the subject, asking that a Stock Inspector may be sent up. Foist through Train to Wallaroo.— The Treasurer, Commissioner of Public Works, and party left Adelaide per train on Saturday morning at 6.40 for Wallaroo, which place, after various stoppages by the way, they reached at 12.30. Wallaroo was left at 3 o'clock, and Adelaide reached at 9 p.m. St. Joseph's Convent.—We would draw the attention of our readers to the advertise ment in another column announcing that a grand bazaar is to be held in Crase's Boom on Tuesday and Wednesday, December 2 ..and 3\. It has for its object the raising of funds for the building of a convent for the Sisters of St. Joseph in Kapunda. Thb Ocean Postage Question.—It is understood that the Victorian Government have signified to the Hon. T. E3ng; their willingness to forego for eighteen months ibe" payment of the £2,500 per annum which, they hitherto insisted on as the condition of the P. & O. steamers calling at Glenelg under the new contract. ~ * A Profitable Bank Account.—At a land sale in Hobart Town an old man bid £800, and pi-ofered his cheque in payment. On enquiry at the bank it was found .that the drawer had £2,000 to his credit, which had been standing as a current account for nearly thirty years, I during which the owner had been travelling most of the goldfields at New South Wales with varying success. The Bensilum Troupe.—This company was to have given a performance at the Insti tute Hall on Saturday night, but " owing to circumstances over which they had no control," the manager intimated that the entertainment would not be proceeded with, and those present would have their money re turned to them. Be v. Mb. Seniob's Lecture.—We would remind our readers of the Itev. Mr. Senior's lecture on " Edgar Allan Poe,"to be given this evening in the Institute Hall. Ab we have already mentioned the lecture is a good one, and the recitations with whichitis interspersed well rendered. The Welsh Choir use fo give some of their vocal pieces at intervals. The Chops.—On Friday we drove through the Hamilton, Marrabel, Tothill's Creek, and Tothill's Belt Districts, and everywhere the crops are looking splendid. We only noticed one poor crop amongst the whole. If present appearances are realized many of the farmers near the ranges will reap fifteen bushels per acre. Haymaking is now beginiug to be general in these districts. School Inspection.—On Friday Novem ber 20th the members of the Local Board of Advice inspected the schools at Hamilton, Marrabel, Tothill's Creek, and Tothill's Belt. The last-named school is under charge of a mistress—a widowed lady, and on the previous afternoon her nerves had been sadly shaken by the discovery of a snake upwards of 4 feet long in her bedroom, which it had doubtless entered through the walls, they being some what dilapidated. Advance, Austbalia 3—It will be seen that English .telegrams bring the welcome news that at the wool sales which opened in London on the 18th a welcome rise of 10 per cent, was obtained on the closing rates of the last sales. The competition was very keen. With the recent rise in copper, the present increase in value. of wool, and the prospects ®f an abundant'harvest, there is some prospect of the motto at the head being realized in the coming year. Accident.—Mr. Tranter, the well-known, blacksmith of this town, met with a nasty accident on Saturday which will disable him from work for some days. He was shoeing a horse, when it kicked out at him, and he re ceived the force of the blow on the point of the thumb, which it knocked back in such a way as to cause the joints to jar. Great swelling followed, and acute pain. Mb. J. D. Gates.—We regret to record the seriousjillness of our old and respected towns man, who was for some years a member of the local Corporation and is also the senior deacon of the Baptist Church. He has had an attack of jaundice, through which he has under the care of Dr. Hamilton been safely brought, but being of considerable age his present state of weakness is such as to cause grave doubts as to his ultimate recovery. Good Work fob a Septuagenarian.— The following occurs in the World of Sep tember 17:—" Cardinal Manning did a re markable thing on Monday week in the way of ecclesiastical activity. He said mass in Liverpool on Monday morning, and break fasted ; christened the Duke of Norfolk's son and heir in London at 4 in the evening, and addressel a large meeting of Catholics in St. George's Hall, Liverpool, at 10 p.m. Not a bad day's work for a teetotaller of seventy one years of age." Beware of Snakes.—As might be expected with (so much grass about, snakes are unu sually plentiful this season. We hear that a large one was found in Mr. Ralph's house on Sunday. Mr. Mellor informs us that his men whilst carting hay have come across several of these undesirable vermin, and we have heard of other hay carters who have found themselves in relations more close than agreeable with their snakeships when loading up hay. Bible Society.—At the meeting of the Bible Society Committee, held on Thursday evening last, it was resolved that the time proposed by the Adelaide Society for the visit of the deputation (to-day) was incon venient, on account of other meetings to be held, and the meeting will therefore be delayed for about a month. Mr. W. Oldham, was nominated as the President for the ensu ing year—Mr, D, Nock, the retiring Presi dent, declining to continue in office, as he had already filled the position two years consecu tively, Catebpillabs.—We have been visited with quite a plague of caterpillars during the past few days, and they have wrought consider able damage in nearly all the gardens. This in itself is bad enough, and very trying to those who had been sparing neither labour nor expense in making their gardens, but it would be worse still if they were to attack the wheat. One of our local floriculturists tells us that lie lias burnt at leaBt half a gallon of them during the past few days. Bather hard on the caterpillars, but self preservation is one of the first laws of nature. The Illustrated Weeklies. — Punch has a portrait of Mr. Townsend this week, and a cartoon representing Mistress Adelaide as being in a quandiy as to which of the two jumping-jacks now under offer she shall take for he amusement of the children, the said jumping-jacks in the hand of the wire pullers displaying physiognomies remakably like those of Messrs. Colton and Smith. Frearsorfs. Weekly has a view of the head offices of the Mutual Assurance Society of Victoria, Melbourne ; a page of sketches of South Australian exhibits at the Sydney Ex hibition ; and sheet No. 2 of the coming man. Kabunda Water Supply..—We under stand that Mr.' Brown, the Hydraulic En gineer, has been up to inspect the works at the reservoir, and has finally passed them, so that Messrs. Lewis & Marshall have now finished operations there. We congratulate thenv on having so satisfactorily completed their first contract in the colony, and hope it may be the first of many. On Saturday fore noon the water was turned partially on, and the force tested with the hose in the Main-street. Regard being had to the fact that the valve was only partially open the pressure was satisfactory, the jet being thrown to a height of about fifty feet. At present the reservoir is not more than a quarter filled, and that, too, would render the pressure much less than it will be when there is a full supply of water. LATE MR. J. STIEF.—The funeral of the late Mr. John Stief, of Marrabel, took place on Thursday last at the Springfield cemetery. The attendance was large, evincing the great respect in which the deceased was held during his lifetime. The service at the grave was conducted by Mr. J. Polkinghorne. We understand the deceased, who was the father of Mr. August Stief, a well-known resident, was the oldest settlers in the Marrabel district, having resided in the neighbourhood 26 years, and in the colony 31 years. He has been ailing off and on for about two years, and on the 18 inst. terminated his career at the ripe age of 79 years. As above stated, the large number of residents who followed the remains to the grave, testified to the great respect in which the deceased had been held. MtraiCDfAI, K.EPBE8ENTATION FOE WOETH Wabd.—On Thursday, the 20th inst.,.a meet ■ing xjf sev«r!al.Tfttep&yers; of North "Ward took place at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Kapunda, for the purposes of presenting Mr. A. H. Greenshields with a memorial, influentially signed, requesting that gentleman to allow himself to be nominated to AH* the office of Councillor for that Ward. Mr. W. Rowett in a brief but' appropriate speech made the ; presentation. In reply, Mr. Greenshields j stated that he had been apprised of -the fact j that such a memorial was in course of signature, I but he would be undersirous of becoming antagonistic with Mr. Small, who, he was aware, had been proposed at a public meeting, but having heard there was a possibility of that gentleman retiring if any eligible rate payer came forward, he would, in consequence, accede to the wishes of the memorialists. Serious Accident.— A serious accident happened (says the Y. P. Advertiser'} to Dr. Elphick on Thursday evening, as he was driving in from visiting a patient at Cross Roads. By some means the shaft became detached or partially detached from the buggy and the horse got frightened and bolted, throwing the doctor and a lad he had with him out on the road, the doctor falling on his head. Mr. Manuel, who was passing by, immediately ran up and rendered what assis tance he could, but the doctor was perfectly stunned and very much cut about the head, so Mr. Dawson and another gentleman at once took him to Dr. Archer's, who on exami nation pronounced the case to be a very serious one, and telegraphed for assistance. The lad who was with the doctor was not seriously injured. This accident happening at the present time is a serious matter for the people here, as Dr. James is also ill, and for some time has not been able to attend to his patients. When making enquiries some time after the accident, we wjre informed that Dr. Elphick was recovering consciousness. Ingenious.—The " Man on the top of the wall" in the Australian Star writes :—"Light ning calculators used to puzzle me in America. I thought they had some formula for arriving at the day of the week and day of the month will fall, but never could get it from them. After my return to England I came across an old couplet in the British Museum Library which would have enabled me to puzzle my friends if I had not stowed a copy of it away so carefully that I never could find it again. T. B. Paget has recently published the couplet in the Times, and lest my readers should make the same mistake that I did, I advise ihem to commit the rhyme to memory : ' At Dover .Dwells George .Brown, .Esquire, Good Christian -Friend, And David -Friar.' Explanation—The couplet contains 12 words, one for each month in order, beginning with January. The initial letter of each word cor responds with the letter in the calendar for the 1st of the month represented by the word. The key to the nse of the rule is the knowledge of the Sunday letter for the year, which this year is E. Example 1.—On what day of the week did March 16 fall this year F Answer.—D, the first letter of " Dwells," stands for March 1. But D is the letter or day before E—that is, D, the 1st of March, was a Saturday. The calculation is instan taneous that March 16 was the third Sunday in the month. Example 2.—On what day in the week will December 3 fall ? F is the dav after E—i.e., Monday; therefore December 3 will be on a Wednesday." The Sandhurst Strike.—This strike has terminated in a victory—and a most legiti mate one—for the miners. The men behaved with moderation and a proper sense of dignty throughout, and they may fairly be con gratulated upon the result. They are no friends to capital or labour who seek to place one in collusion with • the oth<3r, and the remarks made by some of our contemporaries in upholding the action of the mine-owners, and sneering at or reviling the miners, appear to Ixave been intended with no other object. The strike had its origin in reality in political antagonism, to the Government, although ostensibly the design was to re-adjust the wage relations between employer and em ployed. But the mine-owners counted with out their host. They seemed to, have for gotten that they were simply tenants of the Crown, and that the obligations imposed by the covenants . of their leases could be en forced on pain of forfeiture by the Govern ment, whom' they sought to embarrass. The miners were confident of having justice on their side, and remained in a manner quies cent, sensible that the ordinary sequence of events must bring about that for which they contended. They had the. law on their side, and they had also the consciousness that the mine-owners could very well afford to pay wages at the rate then obtaining. A local paper, referring to the profitable character of mining Jin |the |district, states that a single claim, the United Hustler's and Redan, with the Garden Gully United, is enough to sup port any medium-sized township in Victoria, the profits from the mine being no less than £8,600 for 12 working days. This yield is not by any means exceptional. It is to be regretted that one company should be found determined to be revenged upon those who among their former employes identified them selves with the strike. We trust they will be more reasonable than to raise a minor issue at the close of the difficulty, and jeopardise the arrangement that has so fortunately been j brought about.—header. CosiprasoET Vaccination.—A corespon- j dent writing under the above heading says;— " Imperfect vaccination as a cause of failure of protection from small pox, and as a too frequent cause of other malignant and fatal diseases, is unhappily of too frequent occur rence. Vaccination is said to be imperfect when any considerable deviation from the ordinary course of the vaccine vesicles takes place. The deviations from perfect vaccination are imputed to one or more of the following causes—1. To spurious matter, or matter taken from the arm at an improper period of the" process ; 2. To an insufii ient number of vaccine vesicles ; 3. To preoccupation of the skin by some disease, in which a fluid is ex uded capable of conversion into a scab, such as tetter, scald-head, ringworm, erysipelas, &c.; 4\. To robbing the vesicle incautiously of it 6 contents, particularly when one only has come to maturity ; 5. External violence done to the vesicle, "as rubbing or scratching it, especially during its early stages. We are well aware that cow pox directly or recently derived from the cow is attended by a much wore intense local phenomenon, and by a more certain and permanent effect than that which has passed through a great number of human subjects—this intensity of local action sub siding after many successive vaccinations. The preservative influence of vaccination ap pears not to he intimately connected with the intensity of its local effects; nevertheless in order to preserve! the properties of vaccinia unimpaired it is prudent to . renew it as fre quently as passible from the cow. Be-vacci nation is the only means we possess of dis tinguishing the complete success of vaccinia from the less complete grades of protection.' Re-vaccination, however, is not certain, evi dence that the vaccinated in whom it had succeeded would have been destined to con tract small pox, but merely that it was pro bably among thp3e that this latter malady was most likely to appear, if they be came in any way exposed to its infection. The hereditary taint or germs of disease, and that of the most virulent character, may, at any time, if the. operation be clumsily per formed, be. transmitted to perfectly healthy children, which it has been known to do in thousands of instances, when in such cases, if it do not prove fatal in a few days, the morbid virus gradually but surely diffuses, it self, developing various forms o£ disease which were altogether foreign to the innocent child, who was so unfortunate as to be brought undfir its influence. It therefore becomes a question of the most vital importance to heads of families, who would much rather bear the iUs~they hawk'than fly to those they know not of, that a system of . vaccination and free from the many evils which have rendei«d it obnoxious to every! orie: We think the Government should take up the subject and have thequestion well investigated, iriore especially as there are to be foqindin the colony men who are well qualified to grapple with it. That there needs a change is evi dent from w.liat has .occurred recently.!' f ^ Fire without Coax.—The Athenaum pub lishes the following extract from a letter of Miss Betham-Edwards:—"I Bend yon the following particulars of a recent scientific in- j vention, just patented, and destined, without . doubt, to play a very important part in our j economic history. I think it must be regarded as a solution, for once and for all, of the great coal question—or, rather, fuel question— not only among ourselves, but abroad. M. Bourbonnel, of Dijon, the celebrated lion and panther slayer, lighted upon the following di covery by hazard, and after six years'persistent investigation, brought it to entire 4 workable' perfection. He discovered, by means of two natural substances, inexhaustable in nature, the means of lighting and maintaining a fire with out wood or coal; a fire instantaneously lighted andextinguished; afire causing no dust, smoke, or trouble; a fire costing one-tenth at least of ordinary fuel; and what is more wonderful still, a fire the portiou of which answering to our fuel is everlasting—that is to say, would last a lifetime. M. Bourbonnel's invention comprehends both stove and fuel. The fires could be on the minutest scale or on the largest. They would be used for heating a baby's food or for roasting an ox. Being lighted instantaneously they will be a great economy of time. M. Barhonnel at once patented his invention, «nd a body of engi neers and savants from Paris visited him, and pronounced his discovery as one of the most remarkable of the age. He has had several offers for the purchase of the patent in France, but wants to sell it in England, his own oc cupation being in another line. Any English gentleman or firm wishing jto see his fires and stoves could do do so by writing to him a day or two beforehand. His address is, M. Bour bonnel, Dijon. I have seen these fires and stoves. There is.no. mistal&About; the matter, It is as cleir aib passible tlisit here we have a a perpetual and economical source of fuel. Two hundred years ago the discoverer would have surely been burnt as a wizard." Spibhitaxistic Porteaits.—The minds of many colonists have lately been much exercised on the subject of spiritualism, and " seances" have for a long time been a topic of conversation in private life. There is no doubt *>»«* the movement has of late received an impetus from the advent of Professor Baldwin, the " exposer," and Mr. Tyerman, the " believer," and now it is said that a large number of sober-minded members of our community can be claimed as thorough-going spiritualists. The newest sensation in Ade laide, is that of the spirit photographs and paintings, which have been exhibited in the shop window of Messrs. S. Marshall & Sons, and which we recently noticed in a brief paragraph. We fcben described these produc tions in the following terms" In the proto graphs a party of gentlemen are seated at a table, and a shadowy figure, which presumably is intended to represent a spirit, is seen in the foreground." The paintings need not be again referred to, as they have no connection what ever with the subject we are now dealing with. ;On Fridge morning, .Novfemtier 21, Mr. Oeorge Freeman, the1 Jhariager of the Melbourne Photographic Company, called at our office, and stated that he had discovered how spirit photos were produced. At his re quest a reporter was dispatched to his office, and in a few minutes after his arrival Mr. Freeman announced that he was ready to call up the spirits. Accordingly our reporter and two of Mr. Freeman's assistants took their seats at a small table at one end of the portrait room. They were desired to preserve as serious a demeanor as was possible under the circumstances, and to rest their hands lightly on the table in the orthodox fashion. In a few minutes Mr. Freeman announced that everything was ready, and that the spirits had "fulfilled their mission. A move was then mailft to the dark room, and the usual washes having been applied to the sensitive plate, the figures of the sitters came but with two pecu liar lights hpvering over them. The similarity of this portrait to those in the possession of Mr. Samuells was strikingly apparent, and if a spiritualist had seen them he would no doubt have that, they , had been produced T>y sotne aigefteyriot generally sup posed to b« in harmony with the laws govern ing the earth. Mr. Freeman next undertook , to explain the modus operandi by which he j was able to rival the spirits in photography. A piece of glass was properly prepared and placed in the slide in the ordinary manner. Mr. Freeman then closed the slide and took up a piece of common cardboard having two irregular holes cut in it. This he placed on the front of the slide, and withdrawing the frame opened the window of the dark room so as to allow the light to fall through the holes in the cardboard on the sensitive plate for the space of half a second, then closed the window and the frame of the slide, and announced that all was ready for the second experiment. He explained that the action of the sun when the slide was exposed had im printed on the plate the necessary light blotches or "spirits," and then when the sitters were photographed the representation would be similar to those exhibited at Messrs. Marshall's. The original formula of sitting round the table was repeated^and the spirits of Messrs. Jones - anwl - ;Smifch having been solemnly invoked-the qainera did its work, and tlie result" was a greater success m the matter of clearness than on the first occasion. It will have been noticed that the photo3 said to have been done by the agency of ghosts appear to have been produced in the dark as is claimed for them. Mr. Freeman's photos also possess this effect, which te explains is brought about by the " under exposing " of the sensitive plate, as they were taken m the ordinary light room. Mr. Freeman feels con fident that he has discovered the means where by spirit photographs are produced, and he intends to prosecute his experiments still further. Whether his theory be true or not, the fact remains that he is able to bring about similar effects to those claiming to hare been accomplished in a very different manner. Mr. Freeman would possibly not object to persons feeling an interest in the matter seeing the photographs lie (lias, and no doubt he will tare them a position in his studio. Advertiser. 