THE BANEEE'S DILEMMA. CHAPTER I. Mb. Dnrr, the worthy and rospootml agent Of the Central Bunk at Tollkirt; wna startled by his teller, James Hamilton, coming tc him to say, just as the banker had signed tho last official letter before proceeding to lock up tho safn : ' I am sorry to say, sir, tho cash appears to bo £100 short.' James was very palo as he spoke, and, despite hia efforts to prevent it, his ™,v« fromhlp.i. A straneor could not havu told whether the youth's agitation was the result of fright or guilt' Mr. Duff knew him too well to lot tho latter alternative dwrfl in his mind for oven a moment ; but the lad's excitement was 6omo ?what infectious, and it was with just a little throb that hereplied, ' You aro joking, Jamio, Hr. Duff leaned back in his chair and nibbled tho feather-end of his quill as he looked in tho lad's face. „ 'I waa never more sarious in my life, re iterated Hamilton. . ' It is some mare's.nest, depend upon it, said Mr. Duff in a tone that partly reassured tho poor fellow. ' Havo you been very busy at the desk to-day, James ?' ' That is the mystery of it, sir ; wo havo not been busy. Hardly.three pages of our cash book aro rilled.' ' A hundred ponnds ! H'm ! I am going up stairs to dinner.' In the mean time check your summations and your cash, and by and by 1 11 come in to lock up' the safe with ye.' The teller -went from the banker's room to the outer office with a very grave face. Mr. Dulf, who lived with Ms family, as is customary in Scotland, iu the very commodious house attached to the banks, S6nt his letters to be copied by the juuior clerk, and th«n went leisurely 'up stairs to dinner. Mr. Duff hs=, for :i man who does not object to permanent residence in a provincial town, a very easy and pleasant mode of life. His work was not hard, nor were his responsibilities very heavy. He had a pretty and comfortable home in an' old- fashioned country town, and althongh his wife lay in the church-yard on tho brae by the river-side these ten years, still ho had two of the prettiest girls in Tollkirk — Mina and Marv Duff, (besides Jenny, the married daughter, who lived in Edinburgh)— whose delight it was to make his life sunny and happy. He was naturally— being known to possess private means, aad on account of his official capacity as the dispenser of discounts and ouatodian of th« -wealth of the neighborhood— a man of some importance in Tollkirk, and formed part of, as well as moved in Toll kirk's best society. He was a magistrate and vfarmer as well as banker; and on Sundays, for many a long vear,he had stood beaming behind ?' the plate' at the entrance to the ' auld kirk.' Everybody knew him, and he kaew everybody ; and perhaps nobody respected ban. the Ie33 be cause he pretty weU knew to within a pound or two what every ratepayer on bio- side of the oonntry was worth financially. He took life very eusy, asl hato said; making no undue fuss when an accommodation bill was presented to him.if ho knew— as he was certain to know— the pedigree and jwagress through life of drawer and indorser. He was respected, too, by his Edinburgh employers as a man of Bi- udence and sagacity, who isper made bad debts, never troubled them with applications for rise of salary or transfer of agency — whose book3 always stood the minutest inspection, and who, Epeaking senerally, -wanted no favours from them, rather granted favours by occa sional invitations to visit him at Tollkirk, where ' there is unsurpassed trout and salmou fishing, besides magnificent 'links' for golf, and where ?'*. the local distillery yields a liquid of more than local reuutaiion. ' The city birds were not slow to &ccep;'t such invitations, Mr. DuS being over a tumbler cf toddy the best of company, and —enerous in the matter of horses and fishing rods. The chief inspector of the bank came often enouch to woo the fair Jenny, the eldest of the family, and took her away one summer day, to the general bereavement et Tollkirk. The banker did not hurry over dinner on the particular afternoon of which I write. 'When he went up stairs ho did not givo a second thought to James Hamilton's pale face, but quietly settled himself in his arm-chair, after doing justice to his simple repast, to read for the second time the report of his own recent great speech at the parochial board, given at length 'in the Tollkirk Ecrald, the fine roll of his own— somewhat improved — spoken sen tences seen in black and white, communicating a Dleasing sense of complacence and importance asinfluenciug public opinion. It was nearly 7 o'clock before Sir. Duff remembered that ho had not yet locked up his safe, and that hi3 clerk ?was probably waiting below for him. He was surprised when he opened. the office door — lead- in' to the hall of his house— to find Hamilton BtUl bending over his cash-booK witn an ex pression of deep anxiety on his face, and bundles of bank notes lying on tho desk before him. ?' What, James, still in a fog?' he asked cheerfully, as he came in. ' Not found your ?difference, eh f' ? ' I am £100 shoit, sir, without doubt. Hamilton had toiled through every entry over and over again, had counted and recounted his bundles of notes.and now had a very sharply defined fear in his heart, and a vision in the background of his imagination of a dearly loved old mother waiting for him at home, and ?who -was ill able to bear tho responsibility of such a loss — if loss it should prove to be. 'A mare's neBt, I'll bo. bound,' Mr. Duff said, good-naturedly, taking Hamilton's place before the cash-book. Very carefully and with a keen eye he went over each entry ; very carefully, too, he counted the cash and re counted it ; but only to find that Hamilton's words were too true. The cash was undoubtedly £100 short. ' I think we had bettor sleep over it,' Mr. difference will turn up in the morning, you may ?depend upon it.' . Then the cash and books ?were carried into the safe, and the office closed ior the night. Poor Hamilton lay awake nearly all night thinking over some probable due to the where abouts of the missing money. Never before had he left the bank -withsucha dread on his mind, for ho felt certain he had gone over each item of tho day, that he had not overpaid any ono to such an extent ; and he know that upon him devolved the responsibility to make good any such deficiency. He hardly spoke to his mother as he ate what he called his 'ruined dinner' — spoiled by three long hours waiting in the oven — nor could she get from him all \ through the evening a hint' of the cause of his trouble. She guessed and hinted that perhaps ^tina Duff, ' the little flirt,' had something to S with his gloom, for she knew how her boy's Jirt lay in regard to the banker's younger '??jhter: but her son'B reply was equivalent toWb. i.WB- ;n tho offioo two hours before official bank,g.bours on the following morning ; but no trai of the missing money could be found. Durinjhe day, all the banker's customers who had oniie previous day been paid largo sums, ?were ated to check their payments ; but ?when for o'clock arrived and the cash had again to 0 counted, the balance still showed one hunded pounds short. If tho money had been paid.way in error no man had been honest enough to;eturn it. Then for tho first time in history heof tho Tollkirk branch, a defi ciency in th cash had to bo reported to the head office. A h\ndred pounds to a rich man may aeem. a smal. matter to worry over ; but to James Hamilon, whoso yearly salary, after ten years' fai-.hful and conscientious service, did not amount to ono hutdred pounds, and whose mother — save for the Velp of a trifling annuity left by her husband — was in great measure uopenaonL upon nmi— ino iiaoiuty to refund this turn weighed heavy. Ho became anxious and nervous, not being altogether oer that the. authorities of tho bunk might not sus pect him of having appropriated the money ; and from very ncrvouanfas wus guilty during the next day of making several small mistakes in his cash dealings, which confirmod him in the belief that he had paid tho monoy to some unscrupulous rascal who did not moan to ac knowledge it. ' It 8eemed an age, although in reality barely araonthhad passed, before a note from Mr. Tait, tho Chief Inspector, (Sir. Duff's sonin law), set the matter ut rest. ' In considera tion,' the note ran,' ' of the admirable mode in ?which the business- of the branch at Tollkirk has hitherto been conducted, the direotors havo agreed to wipe off the dofioioucy in cash, -which it may be hoped will yet turn up and re credited ; but in doing so it must bo firmly kept in view that the directors by no menus OBtabliBh tho present case as a precedent, and must remind the gentleman who has charge of tho bank's cash nt Tollkt'k that at no future time will tie directors be disposed to relievo him of the responsibility attaching to his office' ' Thero, Jamie ; take thai to your mother,' said Jlr. Duff, kindly, handing tho official note to Hamilton. 'I thoufc-ht Peter would manage it,' (rofcrring tchis8Onfin-lawrtho in spector) ; ' but we maun, ca' oanny' said the reproof, if such it might be called, iu the jontlest form, to spare tho lad's foelingo. There were tears cfroliof in Hamilton's cyos is-ho rend tho note. 'That is generous Jrent aaent, air; I was afraid' they would roup [sdl by auction] me and my old'mothcroutof Tollkhi.' ' Ronp ye ? I couldn'-t spare ye, lad. ' Then the youth went home to his mother jubilant, a burden lifted fromhim. _ But on the next evening; after business hours.,. Hamilton's face was whiter than ever. Hi3' liands wero trembling as ho fumbled over his1 cash, and 'cast' and .' recast' tho long columns- of figures in his cash'book. It was market-day, a busy day, and large sains had passed into and out of his hands. To his horror he found his oash (aVw ? hundred pounds short ! Ho hud not tho courage on this occasion to go to Mr. I-ufi's room with his pluint. But tha bu»kor miw at once a3 ho-passed through the office on hia iray up stairs' that something was wrong. ' You :ire late, Mr. Hamilton.' (Mr. Duff never iu a- general way called 'James- 'llr.' His doiujr so now implied misgivings.) 'Yes, sir;, but I think I won't be- long;' hi* lip.' felt psrchecl from excitement. ' Are ye reailj to lock np the safe with me ?' ' Not 'utiite. * If you aro in no hnrry, sir, perhaps We can te«k up when yoaacome- dov/n.' ?' Very well.' Mr. D'i:fipweri.t up- stairs ; but on this occasion he did not linger- over his meal.' When ho came down half an hour later, Eamilton was not ready to ? loci th» safe. He- was sitting looking ictO'spaoe, his head resting ou, his hands. ' Have-you balances your cash now.-.'' Mr. Duff askr-d,' .with, just a perceptiblo-edge cf an ' No, sit* I differthceehundred jpundsv' 'Over or short S' ' Short, sk I' 'ileroyon us£ This- Trill not do- Ybu.ra«9t bestir yoareelf aad1— urjd find it. 5'h'avo to go out to a naseting to-nig±t.' The beaker spoke sternly. Hamilton once- more wader Mr. BofSs- eye, nervously went ewer his figures aTid^ counted his cash.' The d9fioiency could in no way be accounted ior. ' This is terribly awkward, James*'.' There -were te.-ea in the youth's 3y-es- as-he uttered : . ' Yes, air,. and it will drive me mad.' W-i-sn TVTr. 'nnS^refcvuned from ha-mee&iB2r; at eleven, o'clocx,. Hamilton was as-far from peace asever. The younger clerks had gone away. Again tho banker and Hanriton. went over eaoh item together-— in vain. 'We -can't report this to the head ofiice, whatevsr happen^' auoth Mr. Duff grimly. ' What is to be done, sir f' 'Fisdit!' They looked blankly in each otter's faces. Both men went to bed with heavy hearts ; nor did ths search neat day throw any light on the mysterious transaction- Mr. Duff oould not bringrhimself to-report this second deficiency to tha head o'Sca ; aad the only alternative left was io refund tha amount from his ewn private meaas. Thjj,.a8 may be imagined, he did very reluotantly, and for the first time ia.hi3 expe rience he watched the younger men, and per haps his trusted teller, too, with just a faiut and irrepressible glimmering of suspicion. A 'mistake of this sort might happen once ; bn: to happen 3. second time at so short an interval, made him uneasy on other matters- than mere lass of money. He had a frame-v/ork of ma hoganv and glass made for Hamilton's desk, so that no oae could come near the Cftah in future srr.-ice ho could summon, and with many grave warnings, Mr. Duff paid tho li short ' monoy, having-, as ho taid, to ' grin and bear it.' For a week or so things worksd well nnder the new arrangement ; but for thu third tima Mr. Duff was destined to see Hamilton poring over his books long after bank hours, this time to hear on inquiry that the hickless lad was short by no less an amount than £500. Had the shrewd, quick-witted James Hamilton, after ten years of faithful service, become sud denly dolt ? ' This is beyond endurance,' the banker said sharply, as the fact was communicated to him. ' It is most strange,' replied the helpless teller, feeling that tho fates -were against him. ' It is impossible you can have paid tu-j noney away.' ' It is gono, sir.' ' Then you must find it. I can no longer bo responsible for your blunders. Hero is no less 1 sum than £900 in leaa than six weeks to be iccounted for. Many a one has been sent sicross the sea for less.' The youth put hi3 hands over his face and fairly burst into tears. 'I must leave the place.' Mr. Duff was looking at him with very keen ayes as this was sobbed out. ' Leave Tollkirk f Understand, Mr. Hamilton, that you daru not leave Tollkirk before the matter is cleared up.' For the greater part of the night tho men sat up searching ; but when the morning came they were as far from the mark as ever. Mr. Duff, much to the surprise of customers at the bank, next day ' took over ' the cash himself, and rather awkwardly from want of practice, become his own oashier. Hamilton was degraded to subordinate duties. His spirit, poor fellow, was fairly broken. No trace of the missing money could be found. Of course, Mr. Dun could not long continue acting . as teller. The work interfered with even more important duties. A son of Mr. Traill, tho parish minister, who was employed at the Aberdeen .brauoh of the same bank, at thiB time visited Tollkirk, and being of the same craft, spent a good deal of time in Mr. Duff's oompany. The subject of the missing money w«b bruached and discussed between thorn. It so happened that George Traill was engaged to bo married to Mary Duff; and tho banker, having lost confidence in Hamilton, and feeling sorely in need of capable help, proposed that George should apply to the directors of the bank for the ap pointment of joint agent ox partner with him self in the management of the Tollkirk branch. So it came about that in a short time George Traill, a shrewd, practical, business man, re lieved Mr. Dnff at tho telling-table, in order to familiarise himself with the faces of the bank's customers. For some days all went well. Then came market day. At tho close of the day Mr. Traill's cash was £500 short. CHAPTER II. Dismay fell on the quiet little bank in Toll kirk. The former uneasiness became in tho office a panic. Hamilton had been made ill by tho anxiety of his position, and was in bed on tho day that Mr. Traill's deficiency occurred. After cloBely ' scrutinising every entry in the books, Traill came to the conclusion that he had not paid the monoy in excess to any one, and that the notes must have been stolen by somo one on tho premises. The bank's safe was duly examined; but the locks bore no marks of being tampered with. The windows and doors of tho office were unaffected, and Mr. Duff's domestics — who swept out the office — had been his servants and were known to him for years. The mattor was on this occa Bion reported to the bank's head office; but thenco came tho cold intimation that no fur ther deficiency could be made good, and re ferring the bank agents to their recent letter to that effect of suoh and such a date. Mr. Duff began to ' think tho place was haunted. Whenever tho money was gono it had to be paid up, raising the total loBaes made in this mysterious way to tho unpalatable sum of £1,100 in less than three months. The mystery was all the deeper that during tho day of tho difference in Train's cash, it happened there had not been a single cash payment amounting to £500. Then there came vaguo rumours— such as tho police, had ? the matter passed into their hands, would certainly have made use of —that there was an itinerant lock Btnitb, a gipsy, in the neighbourhood-to whom popular rumour (attributed almost miraculous power in Ui3 manipulation of locks. Yet it would take a very clever locksmith indeed to opou the Central Bank's safe unheard in tho house, and to closo it again without leaving ? ''flu ,*? '??*? I .....*,?. traces of his work. Tho safe- had a foundation of eight feet of stono, and wm coated on tho floor, wall, and roof with a two-inch plate of solid iron. The doors wore, of course, of iron, nnd oach — thero woro four doors— had two koy3 and separatu locks. Through the lock of tho outer iron door an iron bolt was each even ing shot down from Mr. Duffs bedroom above, and whila that bolt was down no key iu tho world coKld open the door. It was necessary to be in Mr. Duffs bedroom boforo the bolt could bo drawn or dropped. It was extremely improbablo that there were any in Tollkirk who could, even with tho necessary koys in their hands, find their way into the strong room unaided. No longer was Mr. Duff able to leave the bank with on easy mind for two o'olock lunoheon ? with forty winks to follow — aa had been his custom those twenty years. He was olosely im tho watch. 'Set thoro was no visible cause for suspicion. Bankers and clerks were fast becoming demoralized — in the military sonsa — from sheer iright,.acceleratad by mystery, aud a-senae of utter helplessness- iu face of it. Mr. Dutf might far hotter bo losing hia fortune on the Stock Exchange, or throwing his money away ou the turf 3peculatiou»; iu these thero would be some remote chimes of profit, if not ratisfaetion iulosing.his property. His barque had. up to this time eniled iu smooth seas, hud e?en hitherto Uoated iu a sheUarud bay, unex peeed to- financial tempests or breakers ; but uow-a leak 01 a dangerous sort had sprnajr, as liksly.,. he imagined, to engulf: him at his an chorago as any buffeting of wtvvca iu 9Deu sea. ilri D»li' became a changed man. He wnd thiiwrnd worn and ill with anxiety and- watch ing. They were all watching. Traill wad watching Hamilton ; Hamilton turned a keen glanao on tbo boys ; th« boys kept their eyes very widely open all round. 'Mr, DuSfwaa un willisg-to pat the matter in tho- hand* of the local jjolice. knowiug thai tho first to ba sus pecteii would be his cler!ia, aud th»t the atlair would speedily become fjwn gossip. Secretly Mr. Dutf. began to think tho plaoo vraa- be witched.-. His partner, George Traill, being.oalled.upon to pay up half of the £5CQ,- resolved- to get to the bottom, of the matter. He-had. abed, fitted up in th»' banker's business-room,, and deter mined t- spend bis nights there until some solu tion of the problem presented itself. His- Srans- fer from, the Aberdeen branch seemed just then to prove- a. bad bargan. ThekoyBOl the safe, it should be mentioned, numbering eight,, were placed every night after ths.locking. up of the aafe and the dropping of thedron bolt from the banker's bediooin, in a strcng.box, tho key. of' which wastilways carried bj-Mr. Duff. George Traill, armed with a revolver in spite of Mary's protests and, Mr. Duff's jeeis.-occupied the room when the bed had been fitted there, and waited philosophically the course of events. Ho- slept little for the first night or two, but no intruder came to disturb his reposo. The long, dull hours crook ou without adventure or. other re sult than to make Traill sleepy and aross during the following days. The tankers were bsgin niug to despair of discovering the thief. 'Set Traill— despite Mr. Duff's perfectly reasonable argument that if any man broke into tho safe it would not be merely £oC» -5ttat vrouiu sa^isiy him, nor would ho likely risk, a second or third visit— continued to spend his night in the 'aank. At daybreak, however, en a certain morning in the following week, Traill, who slopi? very lightly, was suddenly awu-iened andstartlsd by heaiiug the bolt that naased . through- tho lock of the outer door of the safd drawn sharply up. Ho could hardly believo thu evidence of his ears, thinking that perhiias ho had dreamed. Butthe 'click' was stiUrsverberiaiugj.exagge- rated as all sounds are in the.stillaess of night. If the bolt -was really lifted, the person, that drew it must be in tho room watre Mr. Duff (?lept. Tmill was a eoi-.rngi.'ous man ; but iu suite of h:maelt', he treiabled as he felt 2or and examiued-.his revolver. When She reimrbera ti'ou subsided, thero was u silence, for a few moments as of Death, Sleep's, twin brother. Then he thought ho heard, afar off, a door open, lOHOWtU l-V'll DIC^# uu lau a*,tm&. -huu.i .- 'i^tiu showed at' the seam under the door ; presently tho doer opened and a man catered, carrying in one hand a lighted candle-,, in the other a bunch of key3. The revolver was firmly hold iu Traill's grip, and boforo firing he was about to utteri a cry of warning, when he noted that the figure paid no heed, to his presence, but passed him, making straight for the safe door. In the dim light, to. his astonishment, he dis tinguished tho fixed, even ri(jid features of his frieni and partner,. Mr. Dui£!. His eyes were wide open, and he moved with his usual delibera tion, but with aa air of stern preoccupation quite foreisn to liis working habits. Traill saw at a. glance that the banker wus walking in his His first impslse was to seize him and wako him ; but a moment's reflection decided him to- w^it the natural issue of events. Mr. Duff without hesitation or fumbling, chose the right keys for the outer door, and pushed it, as the lock sprang suck, slowly open ; then the wickst gato, the inner iron door, nnd so on, nntiV he disappeared silently in tho vault-like shade3 of the 3trong- room. When he reached the inner safe, he took froia the well-packed store of pound notes — Trail eagerly watching him, from the door — a bundle cont.-.ining fivo hundred ; ho then noiselessly shut and locked each door as he retreated. Ho passed within arm's length of Truill, bearing tho bundlo oi notes the keys, and his lighted candle; left the office— followed by his partner— walked slowly up stairs to his bedroom, where ho deliberately dropped the bolt back in its place, and finally laid the Keys carefully, apparently counting them, in their usual place in the box fixed in the wall for the purpose. Traill expected he would, then retire to bed; but it was evident that tho somuambuliBt had not finished his n;n.T.f'a TOnrlr., TTjUMnfr fiflffilv But ilw'av tho keys, ho lifted his candle and again went down stairs, carrying the notes in his hand. Traill followed him through tho kitchen and out into tho courtyard behind. With the same pur pose like deliberation that he.had shown at the Bafe, he now marohed to— the unvarm3hod truth, O romantic reader, must be recorded — to the pigsty ! Arrived there, he lifted a loose, fold of thatch that rested on a slab of stono in the rickety roof, secreted the bundle of rioteB there, replaced the thatch carefully, and then turned with an air of relief and went in doors Traill did not disturb him, did not even take the trouble to follow his partner to see if ho reached his bed safely, but sprang eagerly to the loose thatch ,' in which, snugly lying, he found tho comfortable sum of £1,000 in bank notes ! He could not help lausthina as ho stood there in the dim gray morning, hardly half clad, for tho pursuit had not been without excitement. ' An expensive roofing for Duff's pigs,' he murmured, gathering the various dusty bundles together and retreating indoors from the cold morning air. ' I think, Duff, said Tram seriously when they met in the office after breakfast — 'I think to make certain that no thief, or witch or ghost has been tampering with the cashjduring the night, we had better count the cash, henoe forth in the morniDg as well as at night ; that will make certain whether the money dis appears by night or during the day.' Mr. Duff assented. ' Suppose we begin this morning ?' Again Mr. Duff assonted ; and with reluctant ' fingers, at his partner's suggestion, oounted the money. v ' Poweis of Darkness ! ' he exclaimed, ' I shall not stay another day in this house. Tho cash is again fivo hundred pounds short.' ,.Had Mr. Duff not beon a remarkably bald man, ho would have probably torn his hair in agony. 'Howmuoh do you reokon your pigs coat you annually, Mr. Duff?' Traill asked with apparent irrelevance and, as Mr. Duff thought, flippancy. . : 'Pigs! Hang tho pigB! Hang the bank! and — Yes; Imean to. resign my office; I'm not going to remain here to be robbed and ruined.' , v \ .'? 1 '?/.? ?' '? ' I see you aro putting 0 now roof on your sty, and papering it,' Traill went on senten tiouBly. ' Sparing no expense on it. Doing the thing stylishly, oh?';. ' Aro you madj Traill ?' . ' Well, lot me .see. At the ratn of two thousand pounds, say, in three months, that pigsty will cost you! and mo just about oight thousand ppunds1 a yoar.' , Traill was appar ently in his gravest mood. ' That's pretty modorate,'ehP'; ; j-.J ;...: 1. -.- -. . i ., .. -. ? ' Poor Traill !; The, loss. pf: his, money haB taken hia brain.' .What demon has entered' this house f' sighed Mr. Duff in tbo presence of a despair moro' tragic even ttmuhis own,: ' Look hore, old follow!' said Traill, and-, donly bursting into laughter—' look here ! I found theso in tho roof of yonr pigsty this morning ; and what is moro, I saw you put thorn thero with your own hands.' ' Prodigions !' Yes, all tho missing money was thero. The banker gavo a champagne dinner to- his do lighted clerks on tho evening of that day. His own health, however, was in rathor a bitd way. In a month or two he resigned his offioo, rotir iii£T oa a liberal ponsion to his farm ; and in order to compensate James Hamilton for all his recent trouble and misery, Mr. Duff ro quested, .13 a personal and fiual favour, that the directors might appoint him to the posi tion oJ assistant-agent with Goorgo Traill, a proposal which tho direotors ftivourably enter tained. These offices both of the gentlemen hold with honour to this day. It may bo men tioned, too, mat ueorge xnau ana dames Hamilton aro now brothers-in-law, each having in duo tima wedded one of Mr. Dnff 's daugh ters. The bank is James Hamilton's own, while George Traill has rented o farm adjoin ing Mr. Cliff's. Tho fresh conntry air, and fishing, anil unlimited golfing — all enforcod on him by tho doctor as tho best modioine— have put an end to tho old banker's somnambulistic rambles.— Chambers' Journal. 