r o W W s e m a n ' s Ferry Road. . CHAMEE XIX.—( Continued.) **> W'reception had been of Ihe j very colaeat that common civility could offer to a "gentleman by courtesy-." j Mr. 'Walton left all thathad to be done ^^ospitaHty to l& Hay wto for years had known and disliked I the bumptious police magistrate, whose I infinite capacity for borrowing and unqnenchable desire to retail over , and H 8^' Munchausen stories of the j days of the Legion, were not the least \- ^' ereonal characteristics of a vam and sellisti man. Having heard the rumour befora he left Windsor that the body of the notorious " Stormalong " was amongst those to be " sat upon," Mr. Powys, in the remarks that he forced upon Mr. Hay, alluded to the dead outlaw as a brutal cowardly ruffian whom the earth-was well rid of. This had annoyed the peppery old Scotchman very <considerably—indeed to «uch an extent did the annoyancedrive him that forgetting their relative positions of guest and host, Mr. Hay retorted that it would be a good job when the moral atmosphere was gener- j ally cleared by this removal of all 1 6C0 U j i . Y . or ? . ' T^61 " ^uahrange: ^^^ *mbe*zhng officials. As Mr. j Powys was at the very time under a ] cloud, l lav i n £> in. fact, been just re- Mitla Mitta for financial irregularity, it is not io be wondered at that he took the risjoinder veiy unkindly. It was J not for some litfle wMle afterwards that enquiring D for his nephew he learned . n n ^ , , b , „ , that George Caldecott had.left for Syd ney -to i bring ^ up his' mother, whos arrival was then momentarily expected ... „• . • -1 5 ' -rrr at thp station—indeed Mr. Walton had j hefixed himself on the verandah, whence a full view of the gates J upon the ramajge drive to the ..""V . • . , ,, ° ., . ' ] H18t ® r being expected there oonsiderably affected Mr. PowyB, who would no more L'^w a^wt' A.i t. . il.! I > J2 , Tt I Uhancellorsmp of England. It, certalpljr was not with pleasure that lie !3Bay, whO-|iad dbmmunicateS it to film, pe mutteied to huneelf eomething in'a .^MeeBydtij exiated way iibbut al^nld^ •goo's^ ^chafie and a madly absiird 'freak. Soon after, the sound of a buggy Walton, Mr. Powyi8, «nd Mft Hay were all on the verandah, the former leaning against'ono "of the vine-trelliB©d posts watching for the firat glimpse of the carriage with a wild and hungry look —rhis faca wan with anlionanees, his eyes wild with excitement., . ; r When the bliggy reached „the gates, and- while George Caldecot$ was open-' ing them, his mother's eyes had leisure to take in the full beauty of the Bcene. before her—the hiomesteadi the smoiojh lawn, flie well-kept shrubbery-i-set like a j fcwel in the picturesque framework of: cliff-capped mountain and deep and rolling riFer. While gaang upon the general, aspect, her eye rested for a moment on a white, lace >straining- an eager look.towards her from under the: dark greenery that festooned the paves, of the verandah. . "What .was -fii6r& .in. it that exercised a Medusa-like effect on the lady's face? "Why did she lean back on her seat and literally gasp for breath ? Why was it that, as tihe carriage nearei the house and the white face under the verandah 1 - 1 faded out of its sight as itn wearer retired for a moment to nerve himself for receiving his guest, the old lady in, a state of almost delirious excitement, that alarmed as much as it amazed her son, kept on repeating in an awe-stxuuk voice, ^ , , ^ "I've seen him! I've seen him! Great God! is it a dream—only a mocking dream?" She was repeating this .almost mfeehanically as the horses stopped at the lront of the house, not noticing the gentlemen who stood to welcome her, nor the pale rosebud face of the sweet girl who leaned on Ur. Hay, nor the servants who were ready to take the luggage —only noticing one thing, the ghost of her heart's Lope, like the tender grace of a day that was dead coming back with awfid vividness—the face of Ezra Walton. " O! my Qodshe murmured, " is it a dream?" " No dream, my darling," said Mr, Walton, lifting her from thft buggy " no dream, but God's own truth!'' "Jolui," she murmured; and quite careless of aught else but. the satisfied and satisfying sense'of having realized the consuming desire of her life, she rested her head npon his breast, and wept tears of an exceeding joy. Mr. Fowys, somewhat concerned that his sister had not recognised him, and much troubled by that single word, "John," which he had heard her mur mur, asked more of himself than of any one near him, "John Aldridge?" "Yes," said the owner of Horsted Beeches, so long known as Ezra Walton; "yes, Mr. Thomas Powys, John Aldridge: You know that name, it would seem ? Does it conjure up no remorse in your moul ?" Before 4he seldom abashed official could frame a reply^ Mr. Wmlt*^ <or Aldridge, which you will) said— " Powys, there will be peace betwixt us. What I know, I know: don't seek to twist words to no purpose. I shall never forget—but—for her sake—I forgive." il While Mrs. Caldecott was being made comfortable in her room byl/iic^ her brother Thomas was having a mouveis quart d'heure with Mr. Hay, who, unde instructions from Mr. Walton, was relating to him the stoiy of Devereux, marriage, as also that of the discoveiy of 'Luty's parentage.'' "You 'mil now see," said the old gentlelnan, '' how merciful it is that at the inquiry there should be no necessity to go beyond Mr. Hart's evidence that the body is that of his son—of the gallant fellow who sacrificed his own life to save that of his daughter—your grandchild." * " And mine, too," adds Mr. Hart, coming from his cane chair at the cool angle of the 'verandah, from. the cosy depths of which he had heard the greater portion of the conversation. "But, possibly, Mr. Powys has long ago forgotten me." " Well, sir," replied the person addressed, " I must own you have the advantage of me." "Nay, Captain Powys, you most de cidedly have, or at least had, it of me, seeing that I still hold certain little documents bearing'your name for which you received in exchange sundry highly advantageous medallions representing her most'gracious Majesty in slight relief on solid gold.' 'Surely you remember the: little office in Saville Bow even if you'te forgotten - its tenant, Asher Hart?" ? Powys did very accurately remember the old gentleman, and he thanked his stars that there was such an'act as a statute of limitations.,.. Not exactly liking the, turn the" conversation had taken, and . anxious to retire with as much expedition as possible from .a scene where, though he might be tolerated, he. certainly- was not wanted, he looked at his ipatch and said it was high time' the inquiry was commenced, With, this excuse he went in search of {he constable charged with the inquisitorial arrangements, and eased his own mental discomfort by treating that subordinate to a dose of m'artinetism, as harassing to the reeipidttt as it WBJS e soothing to tho giver: for there are other . things than mercy , which are txrice'blessed-^notably,official ; " wiggings" blessing (the wrong way !) both him that gives and -him that takes. • vCOEtAPTER XX. Sleeping -within my orchard, My custom always in the afternoon, Upon my secure hour thy uncle Stole, . With : juice of cursed hobenon in a vial, And in the porches of mine ear,did poor Tho leperous distilmcnt: -whoso effect'. Holds such an .enmity with Mood of man That quick as quiekolverit ooursas through The nataral ^atos and aUeys cf tho bod/; del >,Jfith.i AH my smooth body. Thus was I sleeping by a brother's hand Of life, of crown, of queen, at once despatched, Cnt(off,-even in the hlossoitis of my sin ... ,. vUnlio^selodi unappofnted, unaneled: . Kb reckdriing riiadeiTittt eait to my account '' With all my imperfections on my head: O hjirrible! JO hotriblel^hbat hbmBle 1 ' 