Oh the Nerves.. doctor.— Mayfair. 'Ajfinierbstihg book might be rnade out of tho curiosities of neryOusneas from a contemporary standpoint. '.The elder DiBraoli has somewhere a chapter oh the" 'subject; but if .our momory serves us correctly,' lub instances trencli rather upon the hysterical conditions, the mono manias, the wild fanciful delusions of the disordered imagination, than .upon tho prosaic feature's of the' distemper. . He i instances' men who could riot bear tho sight of old women, and fainted dead away if a grandmother showed ? herself; others who, if thoy heard a rat in- the wall, took it for a ghost and got up and prayed fervently ; . arid such things. Tho present, age furnishea more rational imaginings;' bom 'of the "'daily papers, by indigestionj-iand riveted by tho suprising eloquence of the diurnal quidnuncs. For instance, thero. are plenty of people living at this moment ; who would warmly refuse to get into bed beforo looking under, it to make sure , that.no man.lay there. There aro others 'who'pass'thb night in constant" fear of firo ; who, before thoy withdraw to their bpd-cliambors, carefully rako out 'every* fire-piac'o in the house, turn off tho gas, inspect every room, knoclc on tbo ser vants' doors- and inquire through the koy 7 hole? if their candles aro out ; and, after'all'this bother,, go to bod and lie '? awake until the dawn with their bedroom doors, ajar, sniffing' at imaginary- fumes of burning, and ready' to spring out and go raving- mad should anything liko! a . cry ,bo raised—for those pooplo nover make any, serious provision against fire should fire come, Thoro are others, again, who will lio night after night in expectation of .burglars. ''. A distant footfall will court them to the window, where, cautiously pulling asido the blind by the breadth of a;nose (giving Bcope to ono oyo), will peer into tho gloom and mistake some shadow for thb figure of a man (wrapped in an overcoat, and with ? a horse-pistol in every pocket), intent upon tho particular window whenco hois. boing watched. .Others will; be kept awako by the Bong of the wind about the casement, or in tlio empty rooms around,-; confounding these natural Bounds with the murmur of human voices in tlio pantry, or on the landing just outside., -. These aro some of tho hundred night fears boyond an ordinary imagination to express. But there are daylight fears as numerous, if not nlways so agonising. Whnt words can convey the horror felt. ?by a certain kind of nervous people who, making a journey on a railway, are sud denly brought to,a stand in a tunnel? Nothing can comfort them. Their heads shoot through tho windows, their cries lacerate tho gloom, and the reassuring shouts of tho guard only aggravate their fright'and provoke fresh yells for imme diate release. Or take tho mental con dition of another kind of nervous persons at sea. Every roll of tho vessel lneaus imminent death. - Tho carrying * away of a water-cask, the momentary stoppage of the engines, tho cry of a man on tho look-out, the escape of a sail from the gaskets that confine it to the yard, and its consequent bellowing upon tho gale, the abrupt shipping of a sen, nay, the tumbling of a steward down a ladder, or tho fall and smash of n few plates from the leaning 'saloon table, will strike an indescribable horror, and load to no ond of convulsive clingings and mumblings of prayer. Indeed, it would bo possible to fill every pngo in this journal with a catalogue of the imaginative afflictions under which nervous pooplo labour. Old Doctor Johnson, going back to touch an omitted post, typifies a host of numorou?.. disorders which need not be mistakon .for: superstitions,'"; nnd which nssuhio a vast number of shapes, among lis in theso days. ' Take a pavement full of popple with a ladder across it from the housetop to the kerbstone How many of tho passengers will wade into tho mud of tho road to savo themselves from-passing under that ladder 7 Tho proportion of thb norvoua pooplo in the world will bq happily .indicated by such an example. Of every hundred persons, wo question if ten would, without hesi tation, pass under that ladder. "When a man refuses to make his will, because lie fears thnt by doing bo he will be hasten ing Ins dea*rh, are wo not to attribute his oowardico to tho nerves 1 It is a moro, convenient apology to call such mis givings superstitions; No one would hope to cure a priest's faith in a winking Madonna by. a ? course of quinine ; and suporstitions of the real sort nro assuredly not to bo corrected by medical treatment. But our latter-day nerves are to bo dealt with, and a good many uncomfortablo horrors taken out of our minds, by tho judiciou? 