LADIES' COLUMN. Haunted. AN EASTER STORY. BY KATHLEEN. ? CHAPTER I.-THE STOIUEB AFLOAT. < HAVE you ever been to Melbourne? lt you B»V«, you probably know Bichmond, and have possibly walked down Lennox-street, where the house, the subject of my sketch, was situated. It was a large, substantial looking building detached and standing in the centre of a neglected garden where the weeds hud evidently long had it all their own way. It was not a house that a stranger would have cared to look at twice, yet, for the people resid- ing in its immediate vicinity, it had a very lively interest, for it bore the reputation of being haunted. . Haunted ! A house in the heart of a noiHy, busy town like Richmond ! I hear my incredulous reader say. Yet so it wan. The house, if rumour might be credited, was haunted. Not however by the proper ghostly figure with flowing snow-white drapery, beckoning fingers, and streaming coal-black hair, but by a hand-a hand which made a practice of appear- ing through a particular wall of a particular room in this particular house at a particular time of the year to wit the night of Easter Monday, " Norie that the only phenomenon connected with this wonderful dwelling, observed my school friend, Alicia. Mayne, with whom I was spending some days in Richmond. '* It is said that about five minutes or so before midnight on Easter Monday (when, if you re- member, the spirit hand appears) a face, a ghostly one, is to be seen flying past the hall, and at the same instant a mu flied bell begins to toll at the other end of the building ; and if you'll believe it, Kathie," laughed Alicia, who had not a particle of faith in ghosts or ghostly doings, "such tales as these caused that house to be shunned-to be tenantleas months together. It has been taken lately, I have heard, by some people just out from England, but whether they will stay when they have had tho pleasure of hearing these delightful Btories, remains to be seen," and Alicia proceeded to desoribe to me _ ; the latest style in bonnets and hats, to which descrip- tion I paid so little heed, that only every twentieth word or so reached my ears. Not that I am indiffer- ent generally to such matters. Anything but that ! ? But at the present moment the haunted house ab- sorbed the whole of my thoughts to the exclusion even of the fashions. That night, unperceived, I stole from the home of my friend to see how the ghost-patronised building would look by moonlight. Very much like the rest in the same street I was reluctantly forced to confess. Instead of a comfortable mansion with curtained windows, lighted gas, and situated in a populous town it ought to have been (so I decided) a lonely dwelling in the midst of the bush, deserted, falling to decay, miles from any township, surrounded by dark hills, »nd lonely dangerous ghost-promenaded pathways. lt ought to have been-exactly, but then it wasn't you Bee, and I had to return considerably disap- pointed. 