I THEATRE ROYAL. I TIIE HOY AT, PARDON. I The new and original drama, written by I Geo. Conquest and Henry Pettitt, entitled I She ltoynl Pardon, was performed for the I fast timo at the Theatre Roval on Saturday I evening. The story is highly sensational. I Paul llnrldium (Air Dumpier) is n boatman, I S'id landlord of a houso on tho cliffs near I jalunmth. He has been borrrowing money I nf a lawyer, called Septimus Swindlodown, to I Oocuro extra comforts for his wife nnd ohild. I due lawyer presses him for payment. On tho craunu ot tlie badness ot the fishing season, I l'aul asks for timo; this request is refused, I train distress warrant is threatened in the I llie ovent of tho money not being forth- I craning on the next day. This exasperates I laul, and lie is nbout assaulting the i-wyer, when his wile enraea upon the I '(sue, and Swindlodown escapes a I 'ffl-iuerited punishment, Joseph Alill- I l-Aiiko (Air G. \V. Carey) Swindledown's ckik, nnd subsequently liis partner) roceives lUructions to watcli Paul's movements. I Anxious to avoid tho breaking-up of his fyne being witnessed by liis wife, Paul sends far ton friend living nt somo distance, who is I IiSP" of thoir only child, Captain Sea- I ii i ftoii), an old boyhood friend of I f',e "0:j'.'ii"n's, is on his way to Sandy Bay, Jj'liere liis only S0I1 nt school. IIo calls at j-i! House on the Cliff, and decides to stay tiitie for the night. Alutunl confidences are cMianged. Tlie captaiu'a ventures havo been jruqierous. Ho is the proprietor of valuablo I mi i'1 which he ia desirous of placing I r.-Vr Clls'0l'y f bis friend before pro- ruing on another voyage. Amongst I .., i O'ffkaty tliero aro jewels, a watch I »! .,i n,'. Im<l a valuablo opal ring I diamonds. Paul advises him to I h;. a . fie valuables, and shows hiin to I Tv,,!.00"1',. who has overheard tho I rtn/i?1 P11' dstorminos to rob the captain, I nil ntt"8 """fit for n weapon that will silence I „i,V 'enil>ts at resisteuce, he discovers an I jti». i l>'lni> t the landlord, with stoalthy I lii» n iC.reo!la '0 the hack of the window of I nn,, S1'1 1 V? room, Paul comes out for tho I liii'la M « Quaking everything faBt for tho I IuimaU ii !u,0Pfifiu the ch .or Milbnuka places I , it,. Paul loots about for tho I I'iintoi ".f being able to ii nd it, console i I SI'ss ruW1 f'c belief that Peggy I famli.. i Cnroington) a friend of thr I exilian! i . taken it into the houso, Tho I iiim . avinK on a simple note of hand, lent I ftun 7'0y in,ol'ffb to pay his debt, tho boat- I Wi,.Fitu¥<?. himself upon the brighten- I ll Milltomko surprises the captain, I tie iliff'on b. cast" him and the adze ovor I cut bile he is hiding his blood-stained I l.sv',li v ,n V Hlven by two fishermen, who I find tlm rF0, "'e body of tho murdered man I adze fa i,i? YwlV?P' b'nul admits that the I but lin n ?!"! hlillbnnko declares that no ono I Uiv , 7ve. had.nny hand in the foul !l ot'imUn .Jao,b Tottcrng (Mr Grovilto) I iiieabunt h" na8tcrj "bo has been loung- I 're, C0In,,: , PleIn'HCs, in the hope of getting I ll'»t Josoi.li ATu?rd,nrMJ represses nn opinion I 'uurder h!,, bBlbanko knows moro about the I c ffiiMiir. ?;! ""I'body else. This gives rise to I Tie seem.,? , ? ,on' on which the curtain falls, I 'bntial nvi,i„ shows that upon purely circutn- I Jbe Cliff 1,1 i'lcc 0 Inu'llord of tlio House oil I !tatkport(.,i nen cnTictcd of tlio murder and I Hne the i Principal witness against him I !;:,n«e are „ Cr' whulledowii and Alii- I l c great „,1?',W Partners, and lend money, to I b'tlio ciisa,;,. , a80 of theinsoives, and much I e"vc liis u"80 ?f "'hers, Milhanke, to 8 d'knlivn t„ U' ends, is sedulously kind ami 9 "'loadl wi, , on Markliam (Miss Flora 9 "(Wuat of , a a , offered a great shock on what happened to hgr husband, "!aniv yoara Milbankn assures her thftt the vqhroI chartered to take Paul and a d" UiTaU3 nn JUalriaVl 7J b0" wrecked) that all board had perifihod. Not aware tlmt she is heiress to a fortune, sho fastens to ins ovortures, and becomes his wife. m!tU'ed"'to a i! expatriated man is also e tit.cdJ to nrgo cum ot money, and tho head of the legal firm determines t ' I become Mrs Swindledown. Jacob lotterag, who has become an unsuccessful actor, and who lias been watch! nig the course of events, is firmly persuaded of Li! ! " J1.1"00,01100! a"d determines to exert him- sol .to . tlio utmost to protecthim, Tho proofs to obtained are (1) lo find the acknowledg- ment given by Paul to tho captain of the money lent to pay tho debt duo to Swindler- down ; (-) tho list of tile jowcls ; (3) tho jewels theniselves ; (1) the caso which con- tamed (ho jowcls on tlio night of tho murdor. iJJlu wno waa Hayed by u Spanish brig, and left nt Mauritius, after wandering all over the world, returns to find his wife married to his bitterest enemy, and ids daughter living under another name. lie doos not av— hw identity till his innocence is /jj- . -u» but Jacob Totterag makes him- 'known secretly to him, During thoir interview an alarm is raised that a boat hns capsized, nnd that a Indy is drowning. Paul rushes out, saves her, and, when introduced to her, recogjiiaes liis own wife and child ; and thus terminates Act the Second. Tlio curtain is next raised upon a scene betweon Swindle- dom and Amy Oastleton (Miss Darnels), Paul's daughter. Ho umbos love to hor, but his advances are repulsed. Sho has given hor heart to Henry Seafield (Mr P. C. Appleton), a barrister>atIaw, and son of Millbanke's vic tim. Jacob Totterag appears disguised as a Frenchman who protends to wish to purchase certain shares in n company which has been formed by the lawyers. In a most ingenious manner, ho contrives to bccorno tlio possessor of the late captain's pocket-book, containing a list of the ghosts. During a heart-breaking interview between Paul and his wife ana child, MUlbnnkc suddenly enters and stigpect, the truth. By way of confirming his suspicion, ho insults Amy, and it is only through the interposition of Jacob Jofteray that he is re strained from inflicting summary chastisement upon the unmanly coward. Paul retires, and learns that ho has discovered tho wearer of tho opatcd ring, and Its original possession is traced to Millbankos and lie is thereupon charged with tho murder of Captain Seaiield. Millb.inkc becomes ter rified, makes liis escape, seeks the house on the Cliff, for the purpose of destroying aU evi dence of his guilt, viz., the conccalotl blood stained coal antl the east) in which the jowols were placed. Ho is watched by Jacob, and tho meantime Swindledown has been seized by the police as accessory after the fact. Jacob makes up Paul for tho character of Jonas Grimwooa (Mr Ciesar), a deformed boatman creature of Milbanke's. In ttic last scene there has beon a landslip of tho House on tho Cliff. Grim wood has been soarching for the concealed articles in tho cellar. A series of complications immediately arises from the almost simultaneous appearance of the real and fictitious boatmen, finally onding in tho discovery of the last link in the chain of evidenco, namely, tlio production of tho caso itBelf which contained tho jewols on the night of thcinurdcr. Harry Seafield has been interesting himself with the Homo Secretary, and is tho bearer of life, pardon, and happiness for Paul Markliam in tho shapo of a Iloyal Pardon. Ketrihutive justice iu dealt out to Milbanko, who, in endeavouring to escape the pistol of o'oimk Urimwood, falls over the cliff, and thu3 meets the fate of the man hesO wantonly and cruelly murdered. The captain's son, Henry Seafield, iaabout to become Ainy'ahusband, and the curtain falls upon anticipated matrimonial blias. ' It will be .seen from tho abovr outline of this somewhat paradoxical pjot that the Royal Pardon abounds id telling incidents and strik ing situations, and it is only fair to say that th# most is mado of them. The dinloguo is qui'o a secondary, consideration, everything, being sacrificed to sensationalism t on the one hand and mirth provoking allusions on tho other ; but there are fcA\o or three scenes which enable Mr. Dsmpior to give us a taste of some of his best qualities. Tne recitals to his wifo and child of tlie perils uud vicissituoos he had passed through during his long and weary wanderings since the night of tho murder, elicited the warmest sympathies of the house, but the part does not give hiin many,;.oppoi\ tunitiesof exhibiting histrionic powers. 2?ovqr ' thi-lcss he did all that could be done for it, and he was rewarded for his pains by frequent calls before the curtain. Mr Carey, as Mill- bnnke, acted tho villain with a deadly smooth ness befitting the character. Mr H. Seftou had little to ao as Captain Seafield, but what he di d do ho did well. Mr Appleton made tho best of his opportunities in the unde monstrative character of Harry Seafield. Mr Cicaar's make-up for and acting of the deformed boatman was good; and the parts of Helen Markham, Amy pastleton and Peggy wero fairly played by Miss Flora An stead, Miss Daniels and Miss Carrington. The fun of tho pieco — and it was fast and furious— rested on tho shoulders of Mr Gievillo, who figured in tho triple impersonation of Jacob Totterag, the drunken schoolmaster; Fitzroy Grosvenor, the unsuccessful tragedian; nnd victor Mouchard, speculative Frenchman. In the latter char acter he was disappointing, but in the two former parts, and especially in that of tho luckless tragedian, he was "all tilicro," Tho character was mado for him. and he for the character. It's tho bo3t thing licB|has ever done, He kopt tho houso in rofcrs of laughter. During tho present dull weather, tho merriment whicn Mr Greville provokes is a perfect god-send. The scenery is all new," and, a3 usual, does Mr Hennings infinite credit. The House on the Cliff, '.and the sea beneath it, is particularly picturesquo and striking, Tlio Royal Pardon -will be repeated to-night, and every evening during the week. 