THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1879. THE three Chinese merchants who have clubbed their literary power to put forth a plea for their fellow-countrymen in Australia most be allowed to'have stated their case fairly enough. Allowing that it is some competent English literary expert who has written for them the pamphlet on "The Chinese Question in Australia in 1879," the arguments contained in it are exactly such as an intelligent person of thatnttion would nse in the case. There is a great show of candor and liberality, and a very artful assumption of high mora! sentiment. There is also a pretty amount of sarcastic retort on those Englishmen who are in the habit of objecting to the Chinese invasion, and also to the manners and morals of the invaders. Bnt the pamphlet, in spite of its undeniable literary qualities, its adroit reasoning, and its moral appeals, is, after all, only a clever piece of spedal pleading, and of Mongolian special pleading, too. It fails utterly to sustain the claim pot forward. What is that claim ? It is nothing less than the right of any Dumber—say a few millions—of Chinamen to come and settle in Australia, bnt merely as temporary residents, without their wives - ; and children, and to engage in whatever occupations they may find profitable. More than this, they shall be treated as NOTX.-^WAA. P^FTOK ^•Y' ^LATFL ILRMFT MLFT" FTHJ , benefit of British government and admi- without rendering any return for these privileges. This is certainly a very large demand on the bounty of a neighboring nation. Now upon what is it founded ? e The three Chinese merchants/begin by declaring that,op till theyearl8i2,Chinawasa self-isolated country, lying remote from, and inaccessible to, all the rest of the world. ; But in' that year the" nations of Western \- Europe, and England more particularly, ei' torted by force of arms a treaty from the Go< vemment atPebin, by which certain Chinese e ports were compulsorily thrown open to t foreign commerce; and by a subsequent e treaty, made in I860 with England and d France, similarly forced npon the Emperor, there was guaranteed to the people of both nations a limited freedom of ingress and egress, and reciprocally ..bestowed npon the Chinese a broad freedom as regards the territories of France and of the British empire. A like treaty, made with the: United States of America in 18G8-^the famous Burlinghame treaty—opened that territory to Chinese immigration. "Aad we beg it to be particularly remembered,' the pleaders add, "rthat thkajntflow cf our population was never sought for bj ns. Western powers, aimed with the formidable artilleiy with which iinodera science has supplied them, battered down the portals of the empire; and, having done BO, insisted npon keeping them open." Such, in general terms, is die claim preferred. Bat, now, who does not see at a glance that this argument proves "a good deal too much ? Allowing the statement to be quite correct that the Western nations did, by force, break down the barriera by whiii tiie Chinese had for. .ages "hedged • . themselves in from intercourse with She outer world—arid there 3s good deal to be said on the: otjier: side of the question—it cannot for aYnoment be allowed that either the treaty of 1842, or' the later one of 1860, conceded the Tight of any number of Chinese emigrants to leave their country and swarm over die British territories in search of wealth. No such concession has ever beeo, or ever will be included in a treaty of commerce. JJosnchconcessionhas ever been made, or ever win bemade,"oo3er any section of international law. Freedom of commercial intercourse is one thing, and it necessarily includes, of'coarse, so modi personal freedom of movement Jbetween the countries in alliance as is necessary to cany on the trade between Qiem. Bnt to tell us that such a treaty grants and Epnrtfrnfl, either by implication or in «ipress terms,' the right of large masses of the population of one country to emigrate into and take virtual possession of the other, Ta to talk sheer and downright nonsense. Is it gravely asserted that the British Government is bound by treaty .jto^erink jan overwhelming body of Chinamen: to poor into Victoria, to swamp by shear foroe tof iiumthe British population, to lake possession of the whole' Country, mid then to protect 'ih^ invadBrs' jii their possession against the British eobjectB- mho really own it? Is that the argament? If BO, it is the raiaaoing .af -an idiot, undeserving a moment's.attention.irpm any sanekumanbeing."tIBotifrighit"to~invade: British leuitoty in ovefflowing BBmbers—eqnJvalentto actnil fordigni^^awt —be not conceded by the treaties made between the British and Chinese Governments, Ṫ then the question falls- to-the ground. The )lea pot forward in defence of Hie Chinese invasion is pure "buncombe.'' We repeat, f the treaties, as alleged, yield die right of fifty Chinamen to migrate to any part of the British Empire and settle there, they yield equally the right of fifty millions of Chinese -to .do so. The principle does not tie, and cannot lie, in the mere point of numbers. It is aot a question of numbers at att. The assumption underlying all commercial treaties between nations is that each counby belongs to its own inhabitants, and will -caritinrie eo to belong. China is for the Chinese, "England is for the English, and Australia is for the Australians. Bat no treaty could be made—excepting after a protracted and desolating war, in which the old national boundaries had all been des- troyed—that would give one country over A into the possession of another. Uo British S commissioner, sitting'in conucil at Pekin, b could yield the right of millions of a Chinese to migrate into Her Majesty's dominions. Such astipulation was never p heard of in this wArldj hever entered into the imagination of (any diplomatist to conceive. The idea is a pore fancy, and the argament based-on It fela glaringiallacy. . The three Chinese merchants have, therefore, not made bnt their case on die main t point. They beg the question. They assume what can 'never be granted. The claim of the Chinese to swamp, by force of numbers, an English population settled within the limits of the Kitish empire, and peaceably pursuing their avocations, is simply preposterous, lio law can grant it -, no usage of civilised nations sanctions it The absurd claim, if pushed too far, is, therefore, bound to be resisted by aU the legislative force necessary for the purpose. THESE is very little room Tor doobt that the people of Melbourne will warmly respond to the movement which has been started in that city for the relief of the shareholders who have ^been jtattarly ruinedi by the City of; Glasgow Bank failure. And there is very little donbt, also, that the residents of the country towns, who are to-be applied to for aid, will be proportionately liberal in their contributions. The failure of the City of Glasgow Bank is no ordinary event of the kind. It is one of those terrible blows which could not have been guarded against; it was as. unexpected as the cause of lt'was infamous; and any trouble of the sortj no tnatter where it prevails, deserves our best sympathy and assistance. That sympathy and assistance we are quite sore will be' readilyforthcoming Tiere; for the time will never arise when we shall turn a deaf ear to misery, never mind where it exists, or prove false to onr charitable traditions. We do not know that anything more painful can be taken in hand than a perusal bf the list showing how the call made by the liquidators, of £500 on every £100 of stock held, will fall on the nnfortunate shareholders. Such a list is before us, and it speaks of terrible ruin from the beginning to the end of the chapter. The buLk of the stock was held in parcels, varying from £100 up to a trifle over £20,000; and the call that has been made to pay off the debts of the bank, in a material sense, means absolute destruction in "nearly all cases. Taking a few of the items at random, we find one man holds £2000 of stock, and the call amounts to £10,000; another holds £3200 of stock, and he has to pay £16,000; another holds £5500 of stock, and he has to hand over £27,500; while the maximum demand falls upon Mr B. CBAIG, of Craigesk, who has to pay £102,335. The riches of Golconda, or the fabled wealth of 'CBCESUS, is almost re^ quired to meet these demands, and avoid ruin by such tremendous disbursements. But this is not the worst of the case. In a number of instances the blow has fallen npon trust-estates, the. c^U; to be pud by BAfelt'lfll.rilfef MS I^WM^plyprovided for by their investments in the derelict bank. But every shilling they possess will now be swept away, plnnging the whole of these people into the lowest depths of misery and destitution. Such a terrible state of things is painful to read, and certainly speaks trompet-tongoed in favor of assistance being rendered. A very wise resolve has been come to by the central relief committee, in. Glasgow, which will prevent the gifts of the charitable being wasted. This lis,, that whatever sum is raised amongst Ihe public shall only be applied to the relief of those who have been absolutely ruined, and after they have received a full acquittance of all further liability from the liquidators. Buch donations,therefore, as the benevolently-disposed may give to. the fond wiU-really.be applied -to a charitable end, and will not go to the smallest j>oeaible extent to meet the liabilities caused by the failure. Those liabilities, indeed, will be folly met, owing to the gnBat wealth of some of the'shareholders, abd the ease with which in 'snch cases the call win be collected.. We hope to see the efforts of the Melbourne committee ann-eed, and a similar state-of things arise when the appeal is extended lo the country districts. The case of the-bulk of the -shareholders in theCity of Glag|^)w':Bank is as distressing, although .in a somewhat different form, as lie . famines in India and China, to which -substantial relief was afforded by these colonies. ~~Tt'Tias rained hundreds nothing tut the-assistance.-of lire charitable can SB ve them from destitution. - We hope, therefore, to eee this appeal succeed, and a large- hearted response made, for the parpose. " " ' ' " ' Onr Melbourne reporter announces this morning that news was received in ItHbonroeyesteraayof the loss of the Loch Sunartmber way to Australia. The wreck oeourxed near Belfast, where Hie vessel went ashore.' It u a curious coincidence that Tom Pearce, of Loch Ard celebrity, was a middy on board the Loch Sunart but it is not known at present whether or not heis unongit the snmrors. : We learn that the guard John Delahimty, who had Ida foot amputated -in the StaweS Hospital, owing to injuries meetad bn Sunday jmght by portion of a ballast train over him, died yeaterday morning at one o'clock. The fire that occurred yesterday morning resulted in the total destruction of .the bone-crushing establishment on the Cieawick road, belonging to Ur O'Connor, and known ailhe Crejwick road bone mills. The alarm was giren by. the watchkeeper ID the -(Sty, and both brigades promptly started for the scene of the conflagration, but only tojdrid, on their arrival, that thev coujd db very Uttle, aa the not-extend eo fax aa the burning mills. There wu a small dam, however, doee tjv «nd.44e firemen, with buckets or water obtaiued-from it prevented the griii from ignitiog,^ and nrsd the fence from bcing btiraLdown. Notfrfng is knbirn of the origin of (the fire,bat it is eapposed to be the workoffcn incendisjy. There -was » ' large" quantity qfmidnaery m-the-bnadnig- al-tlietimeot "the fire, bat it Was all dertroy^J»na^bnly .a 'few boilers and such iiketrtides wera eairedlJ lt ii stated that the mill was inrarad fm- IKSO, bnt whether this is aoornot cannotjette «Mrtaint^L ' " ... The fore-wheels of lli&engiQe; drawing the aftersoon train from Beaufort j^erday, got oo to the wrong iina »t the. pointo at. the Xydiard atraet croasiog.»Vbe tain was Wring viry ialoirij-, and was >tgf|Bdtefaiftany JudsTaoi dobKccAafiot; ermine went oat and pothedo^iM^Engine baAon to; the right line, Tbe aocMent; is -attlibnted to U>8 expunsn of: tbe polnta.tiaaiWb bat,. i -r - Aiew'-phuevt raSaobm'-aeema' tii htre-de^ 'doped itself during the'ns«4.£hriattnas holi-, iaje by some youths who BriflOTtly eeem flesirou oEmatricnlatingJnjheEdlye^oUa. Wenoticcd' InOTTiMaafeifflSethatTr^r^nerSfgl^ bad beeo broken in theQaeenetreet Btatesc^ol: and we are now. informR«T,~on' r^Ushle aathority, that literally evay pane of glau has been broken in the Banker's rrni state school, while in the Snake Valley State school eighteen pines have been broken. We should like to see a reward offered by the hea4 teachersof the above schools for the conviction of the rascals who thus eo wantonly and ruthlessly destroy public property. A miner named Thomas Cochrane, aged^Jftftyfonr yeara, a Hiident of ffebaatopol, waa admitted, into tbe Hospital early yesterday morning, suffering from injmes he received in the Llewellyn mine, at Magpie, tbe evening previous. Cochrane was in the act of walkingio theface of « drive in which he was woridhgrwnen the roof—known to be very rotten—without any warning fell in on him, breaking his left leg just above the ankle. His mates, who were immediately behind him at the time, extricated him bom the fallen deirrr, end he was taken to the Hospital, where he received the necessary attention. . . At the meeting.of the Billarat East Board of last niglit the attendance of children at schools inthbfisllarat'district was stated to 2720\. -SoBce-of- motion-was given-by Mr Whitehead for next meeting—"That the board to the department for the returns of ail schools within the Ballant district." Yesterday afternoon dense volumes of smoke, accompanied with flame,waa seen issuing from the rear of MuireU'a Woodman's hotel, on the Melbourne north read; -and, on making enquiry, we learnt that two swagsmen had in the early part ot day left a flreburningin one of the paddocks, which communicated with a large heap of firewood •tacked in Mr MurreU'a yard. The principal portion of tha wood was consumed, as also a quantity of fencing; tbe total loss amounting to about £20. A number of gentlemen met last night at Lester's hotel for the purpose of devising some means of recognising the lengthened and valuable services of Mr W. P. Bechervaise. Mr A. Ander- son was voted to the chair, and Mr W. Downie explained the purpose of the meeting. It was resolved that Mr Downie act as secretary. A number of apologies for unavoidable absence, with intimations that whatever was done would be heartily supported, were received. After some discussion, it was resolved that those present form themselves into a committee, with power to add to their number, and that the recog- nition to Mr Bechervaise take the form of a com- plimentary banquet, the tickets to be half a guinea each. The secretary was requested to communi- cate with Mr Bechervaise, and ascertain when he could make it convenient to visit Ballarat, after which, probably on Monday next, a meeting of the committee will be held at Lester's hotel, due notice of which will be given. It appears that the'youth, Bertnua Wittison, who waa fined £3 10s, or in default imprisonment, for mutilating a paper at the Mechanics" Institute xecendy, was osable to pay the floe imposed, aad be was consequently arrested on a warrant yesterday morning at the railway station and consigned to the BaQarat gaoL Three young men, one named Thomas Williams and two Henry Thompson, were brought before tbe City -Court yesterday, charged with stealing two coats from, tbe store of Mr GeH, tailor, of Geelong,- on OAeiday. It appears that the prisoners went to'Mr (jell's shop and inspected some goods, : but did not purchase anything, and after they • went away the gubds were missing, It was suspected that they would make their way to Ballant, and a watch bong maintained the station resulted in their capture on Tuesday night on their arrival by tbe night train. It baa been ascertained that one of the prisoner* disposed of some articles of dotting io Geelong, to which place they were remanded.: Mr Scott, J.P_ presided at tbe Town Court,-and remanded Michael Bailey Until Thursday, on a charge of stealing a counterpane, die property of Mr L. Joseph, publican, Bridge street. At a meeting, of magistrates held at-the City court-house yesterday, a roster wsis -drawn op, and Messrs Gray and Jones elected licensing magistrates for the ensuing year. At the "yards of the Water Commission yesterday, a highly satisfactory trial was made of pipe* manufactured by Messrs Armstrong and Co, of the Tubal Cain foundry, Crquhart street, from material consisting of 75 per cent of Lai I,al iron, and 25 per cent of Scotch pig iron, the result of the trial proving the value of Abe local production. Messrs Armstrong and Co., having been the successful' tenderers tor a column of 1200 feet of 8-inch lifts, under the superintendence of -Mr Mil liken, the engineer, it was determined to use the above-named materia], . and the teat yesterday proved a pressure of 600 lb to the inch, or equal to the weight' of a column of water 1358 -feet in height. Considering that the usual test with tbe imported article very seldom exceeds 800 lb to the inch, it says a great deal for the quality ot the Lai Lai iron, and the workmanship of the manufacturers that such satisfactory evidence can be given of our local industries Shortly before ten o'clock last evening a firewas discovered at tbe wood-yard ol the Ballant- West railway atation ;. and Mr O'Maliey, the stationmaster, was compelled to call the aid of the City fir?, which* originated In a' heap' of rubbish, was aubdued. A little fellow, about four years of age, the son of Mr Frank Anderson, of Buninyong, had two of his fingers chopped off yesterday, while playing with another lad at wood-chopping. Last evening Buninyong waa enveloped in a cloud of smoke, arising from a hush-fire apparently in or near the Buninyong Estate paddock. ^. \- The potato crops about Lai Lai and Clarendon have Buffered severely from a frost which occurred on tbe morning of the 3rd instant. Mr William Burke, of Buninyong, who has been for a considerable time working at the tin mines of Tap mania, has collected a considerable' number of, curious atones, which he has come across in the' course of his work. One of the moet singular is a topaz, having ia ita centre a^netallic eubetancp resembling silver. Prompted by curiosity to know what the substance was, the atone was broken. The particular portion, about an inch in length, with the foreign substance embedded, will be sent to the editor of this journal^ -with the intention of it« being forwarded to fee'Sohoolof Mines for its acceptance. We understand that arrangemeota -have been entered into for a forty-ei^bt hours' walking match : between Edwards, the champion, and Abb ley, the local pedestrian who walked-with him on Monday night. The stakes are £50 a-eide, and the event is to come off on Thursday next, at nine p.m. Edwards baa'gone intb active txaining. The usual-fortnightly-meeting nf the"Humffray Street Mutual Improvement Assooation was held on Tuesday evening last, at,the iBible Christian Schoolrootn. Present-^Kce-p'resjidenl'"Dempster usual business having beenfiniehed, readingswere fciven in very good style by Messrs J: feayman, F. Davis, and the chairman.- An essay was then read by Mr JWankervis on "-Dancing,'Tihich caused an animated disensaion, and ended in '.passing a resolution to the effect" That' ballroom and saloon dancing, as indulged in at the present -day Is injurious both to health and morals."' Headings were promised for next meeting by. Mr J.Han-' kervis, sen, Mr B. Wilson, .and Vica- preaident Dempster, and an essay hy Mc-B. Phfllips oh "Companionship." Votes of fiu^haviijg-been passed, the benediction was prvnaunced, cud the meeting dosed. At a meeting of the Clones magistrates yesterday, Messrs L. A. Grant and W. Appleby, J.P were appointed a licensing bench for the presenl year. — , . , . Tbe following teacher was formerly stationed.-at Scarsdate. A Bendigo paperiaays _:-i-".At frKf.- Gravel Hill State School, a handsome presentation was made to Mr F. B. Leach, the 4rst mdeaaiUtant, on breaking np for the holidays.. Ir consisted of an address, accompanied by« valuable sUvermounted writing dak, 8hakapeareV ^dr*matio " w °rka, and a gold -pencil case. Tt» «ompBment to Mr Leach emanated from' Bs pupils in the npper-sixth class." - Mistresses should know- their places, or if (hey do not, they should be enlightened ^thought a certain handmaiden the otter day, and acted accordingly. Her mistress, the landlady -of a wellknown hostelry, bad dared to look into her (the landlady's) own parlor, on seeing the gas .light in it. Now she—unknown to her mistress—was entertaining a "follower" in tbe same room, and did not relish being called away to attend to a certain necessary household duty, to wit, " washing-up." Bo strongly did she Aid -the ^mistress' intrusion thatsheJoterviewed her in the back room almost immediately, and said to the offending landlady— "Indeed and I hope when next Tm entertaining a friend of mine, you will not have the impertinence to look in at the 4oor and -caU me away." : Bet. .mistress, eo strongly impressed with a aenseof ber own misdeeds, instantly took atcpa^to prevtnt uy opportunity arising of herever being guilty of such a heinous offence sSaUTu^ ^requested her indignant maid as a tairor to 'jg^t aupther 'house,' and then she would nevtf Intrude: Tie" above incident is perfectly true.. - . A vocal and musical seance rjagtvea last ViKlit in a house in Doveton etroet,-bj! Bdr Jesse Sherard! .The nature or tUs tend aiUbe best explatoed Irtra we state that Bir Shepard aays lie haaW no training either in muno or aineii«w-in fact, that aevpTttlmastets. ate^udhniaiS^ ,ts*ts,>dalined tocsiay tbe task of teaching him. Nevertheless. Mr Rh-pard plays selectioOT fcora -m t . the music, as soon asjalledfor, and tings "*hrou^four octaves up to £ in alt—MadanwDa Murska'si highest note.- There wu a Urge attendance at Mr Shepard's performance last night, and to played selections aa called for from "L'ATriodne," "Trovatore," "Seminmlde,'' "Martha." Lucrena Borgia," and several other operas. He •»«ng also, as above mentioned. ttMBtopaid the audience to draw their own conclusions. _ The p seam* took place in darkness. Mr Shepard if «nnognced to give a special farewell "Omoextnert c Hondar-evening in Ballarat, tickets Jor which san be Obtained of Mr.Gurtis, printer, Armstrong A spedal meeting of the Hospital committee d was held last night, to elect the ordinary subcommittees. There waa a good attendance jind the president, Mr CSegg, occupied tbe chatX The following.were the'committees formed '.—House committee—Messrs Papenhagen, Cameron, Salter, Levis, Preshaw, George Smith, W. J. Higgans, and A. K. King. Drug committee—Drs PinnockanA Usher, and Mr A. H. King. Garden committee- George Smith, O. E. Edwards, and A. Anderson. Store committee—Messrs Fitzgerald and Cameron. Finance, committee— Messrs Papenhagen and Cameron. The Clunes water commissioners have arranged to take a trip to the Newlyn reservoir to-day, and make a general inspection of the works, as it ia their custom to do every year. We have received a copy of tbe rules .of the Fdneral Reform Association for the Ballarat district. iFrom the return submitted at the annual meeting of subscribers oFtbe Clunes Hospital, it is seen that 208 In-patients and 5"65 out-patients were treated at the institution -during the year just ended. The visits of the latter numbered 4616. The receipts from all local sources for the year amounted to £71£ 10a Ed.. Mr G. Tuff was re-elected president, and Messrs James Edwards end E. Eberhard vice-presidents— . A poor woman lost two XI bank-notes in Ballarat yeaterday, and she will be greatly obliged if the finderwill return them to this office. A reward is offered for their recovery. \- In our issue of yesterday we stated that Mr Thornton had finishedhis (DBtract fortbeuasonry and brickwork of the new wing to the Ballarat Public Library. -This ir dot correct,' for the work will not be completed for about three weeks yet, and the committee and arcbitecta will then be prepared to proceed with the roofing and woodwork .at once. _ ',._.--.---- We remind our traders that the-St. Leon Show •nd great-circus will appear for the first time this evening in the Haymarket Reserve, Armstrong, street, and'that it offers plenty of attractions, The troupe 'numbers over twenty' horsemen, equestriennes, and trapf-zists, and includes the celebrated T^nn Brothers,ieopold, Messrs Taylor and Sing, all well known to local audiences; while the clown will be personated by Mr C. Bliss, who comes with an English reputation in that line. Amongst the Japanese troupe of jugglers is the -amusing little fellow "Little Allright," Hadj HamQ.snd many others while there are nhless than thirty trained horses in the stnd. Their tour through' the colonies-hae, so-far, been- most succeaafnl, and--we have no doubt that there wili.be large audiences during the season here. Mr D'Arey-Read's "Ghost" ia to make its'appearance in the Academy of Mnsic next Monday evening, Mr E. Dyte having seenred this sensation for the whole of next week. '' The annual meeting of the Orphan Asylum will be'held this evening at the Mechanics' Institute, at eight o'clock. The Illustrated Australian Neirsand the I tralfd Australasian Sketchsr for the current mout made their appearance yesterday. Both papers contain tbe usual number of well-selected illustrations. The Sketcher has a portrait of the Marqui of Kormanby, the ne*r Governor of Victoria; and tbe News contains an interesting view of Williams' railway carriage and general.engineering works oo the banka of tbe Yam. Tbe half-yearly meeting of tbe Ballarat Builders' and Contractors' Association will be held at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, at eight o'clock Tbe Sebastopol Borough Council give notice in our advertising columns this morning of their in tention to strike a Is 6d rate on tbe 23rd instant. Tbe marine excursion of the -Bsllarat Licensed Victuallers' Association to Sorrento and back, to-' gether with the annual picnic,-will take place on the 23rd instant. Tickets, at the fares mentioned in the advertisement which appears elsewhere, can be pbtained of any member of tbe committee. 'A Cabinet-Council, at which a great deal or routine business waa transacted, was held (says the Age) at the Treasury on Tuesday. An Executive Council vas also held, at wbicb Messrs Hot royd and Webb, on the recommendation of the Chirf Justice, were made Queen's Counsel of tbe Kqtaity bar. His Excellency the Marquis of Normanby (says the Argvz) will leave Wellington by the s.fl. Arawata on lltb February, arriving in Melbourne about the 22nd. The following telegram from Belfast appeared yesterday's Age:—'"Since the discovery. Richardson's defalcations, many matters bearing on ; the manner in which be acted here at the honied wRjf.hniispaiiJ.vp heroine nnhlic-nll tAndtaa certain limes. Richardson has not yet applied for baa, bnt if he does it will be opposed. Numbers of witnesses will appear for the Crown on Monday next, to which day the prisoner has been farther remanded, in order to obtain the evidence of officers of the audit department, and other important witnesses from Ballarat, -Melbourne and elsewhere. Sergeant Darey is very energetic in working up the case." The boring rods of the diamond drill at the Great Southern were lowered into position (says the Bendigo Advertiser) on Tuesday morning, a the usual hour, and a start made, when it was found that there waa some obstruction in the boreiole, which prevented the drill working properly. Only a few revolutions of the machinehad taken place when this discovery was made; and Mr Griscom, having the example of the Castlemaine drill before him, thought too great care could not be exercised. He therefore ordered the rodsto be taken up again, which was accordingly done,when1t waa found that tha "bit piece," or lowest length of boring rod, was marked across the spiral frrooves, aa if some hard substance had got between the sides of the bore-hols and the rod. This' occurred once before, and it is attributed to some of the rubbly quartz passed through getting loosened when the rods were being towered, and dropping into the bole. .The time takeu np jn lowering and Jifting thejods made such..an inroad into the day, that it -waa dedeaided not to do aay-morei boring till Wednesday, and tbe afternoon: _va*. apeat.ia making.-aome necessary, alterations and repairsto the machinery. . The Minister of Lands (sayathe Argus) returne &op; hisviaitto the Beecbworth districron Toesday. He visited Stanley/ Tackandandsh, fallanfeatta, Bethanga, -and Snterveningiieiebborhooaa. Hif principal business was to Squire into the character of aome,. land reserves, and to .endeavor to piake arrangements to give'.increased facilities for. selectors to'acquirelanda. The Minister found that'some of the areas' reservedas "red-gum re^ serves" tad no redgum on them. These, to the extent of* few thousand acres-will be thrownopen, to selection. It was alaa resolrod totreat some thousands of w s tinder tnining -exemptianin the same way, there being no mining.upon'them. Wfth regard to land .applications it was found that many of them bad been kept bsck a very long time ,frop * variety of causes. Xri some cases the applihad been in asmuch as twdve months, and tha surveyor- had never been near tbe land. These delays will lor the foture be obviated -as-much u possible. Mr Longmore reportsthe country to be of k better charactbrthan-he expected to find,and he thinks there win be a Urge amount of settlement there very soon. . • \--OnFriday l la»t ftaya the Age) a man named Henry Considine Edly wasarrested^t Euros, and charged with personating « detective officer. It appears that the man was travelling about tbe diafrict. describing himself as Detective Frampton, <°nd endeavoring to obtain a private insight Into thq banks and other bnrineas estabUshments'in the Northeastern district. He was'prosecuted by D^ectlve Wilson, who was employed by the Bait way. department,*nd be on Tuesday-forwarded a telegram Informing'Jhe Commissionar that the prisoner had been sentenced to six months' imprisonment, with bard labor, by tbe bench at Beechworth. • Several previous convictions were Droved against him by Detective Brown. The Gedwj Advertiser states that members of Masonic lodges in thia and other districts may be cautioned against the whining solicitations of an accomplished beggar, who is, bowevevonwortbv of {assistance, The penoo alludedAo, iaoam«l James Lyon^ and in working npon the feelings of those from whom be eoliota assistance, he produces \- "aamie diploma and letters of introduction, purporting to be from the Messrs Brookfebank, of jverpool and London. Many Freemasons in "woW have, given ^him pecuniary aid : on 'the trngh-of'the reprjaentaOons,' and Lyons has abpsed their generality by lavishly Uquidating the mon^ Tie received ,in Jntoricating' .drini. lt is "raised that the pwm rlefmed tohaacoiaieto The Age ahltes.that judge Boucant,"of South ustralia, faHthe-writer, of -the article whiiih lately ppeared in the MeBittme 'Reviewcondemain* the actics of the Conaerntivepar^. - ^ A practical aolutJon faays the Geelong Adcer utr) of tbe difficat^that shire coondla have in dealing. with applications from the MansSsU &ct; tnemo^ial fund JMmoiittee for sntecrlnlSoni' as Wived rat hyjhe^n^gfarn.hire cSnnd! 'Some councils -do- not rcoMribote heir donation onucount of a doubt-exitting as o whether .snch -a dupoaal ^of the ratepayers' oney would be legal, while others send in -their ite to-the-fund ^without -debating on the matter — the usual buer.fcom~.1iie manorial com" _ J was read at the Barmockbure Coondlon uesday, the president moved thu-tfaemittn be tsnoually (to tbe fund, and thus avoid speeding the ratepayers' money at alL Thia motion^wps cotmdllon being evidently quite agreeable to raise a sno oat of their own pockets. ^ ; • It may be remembered (writes the St. Anumd Tines) that tbe 2nd of February was Hied as the c BP to which tbe bonus Sof-£3000-could be claimed by the contractors for the DuodBy andSt. Arasad railway. We are in -a - positioo to State, however, that immediately after the line waa available for traffic in December, Messrs Moroe and Mattiuson applied for the bonus, and the Commissioner of Bailways acknowledged the H energy of the -eontracton, and tbe TSIOO of tie concession which bad been made to the public, by at once psjing over the £8000. We are glad to record this aa an evidence that Mr Woods haabeeu all along auxions to"do"a!l in. his power to accelerate the opening of the line! A-very-painful accident (says the Argus) happened on Tuesday night at the Academy of Music. Just before the curtain rose, one of the ballet girls, named Ada Kirkman, was passing from one dressiogroom to another, when - hec^ tarlatan skirts caught fire at a gas jet. In a moment she was in flames,and ran screaming under the stage. Mr Charles Massey, the scenic artist, rushed immediately to her assistance, caught her in,his arms and rolled her on the floorto extinguish the flames. In the meantime .a number of the employes were in attendance with wet .blanketa, which are always kept hanging around the stage, , and one of these waa wrapped round her. Tbe flames were very seon extinguished, but not before the unfortunate girl was very severely burned. Mr Gillbee, surgeon, was called in, and in accordance with bis advice, she was sent off. at ooqe 19 the Melbourne Hospital. Mr S<»tt,. one of tbe resident surgeons, states that' when admitted there the patient ivaa suffering from severe shock consequent on the burns, which extended sll over her back and breast. Under treatment she became easier, but could not be pionounced out of danger. - The G«&mji; Ad«rttsw.tiea *uthorify for.slat®g that several State ^schoolmasters in the Western district; who have passed sixty years of age, will shortly be superannuated, and tbeir places filledby younger men of jugh attainments, .. . . ., -I . The.rCasf/ewatne- Bepntaoatat states that tin Tuesday John Howard and his wife were committed for trial at the local police court on a charge of uttering «- forged-bank note, (purporting to be issued by the Union Bank of-Australia; Tbe Commissioner of Bailwaya (aays the Age} 1 Tuesday officially directed the suspension of engine-driver Ryan, pending' the result of the enquiry which will be held shortly .into, tbe circumstances under which the engine he 'was in charge of Tan over the embankment at the Hawke street bridge. Ryan has forwarded a report npon the matter to the department,'in which be raises serosal grounds'upon which be claims to'be exonerated from blame in regardto the mishap. As the matter is suljudice, it is not considered advisable to make the contents of the document public. The followingletter (says tbe Argus) has been received hy the mayor of Richmond in reply to the resolutions passed at the meeting in the local town ball on the 8th instant:—" Chief Secretary's office, Melbourne,. 18th January, 1879. ' Sir,—I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of -the 9th instant, in reference to Lh^-resolntiona of a public ns- meeting, .held at Richmond on the 8th instant respectingChinese immigration, and in reply I am directed by-the acting Chief Secretary to say that tbe Government is fully impressed with -the necessity of united action on the partof the Australian colonies to meet the impending danger of 4 large Chinese immigration.—I have ibe honor to be, sir, yonr most obedient servant, W. H.OOGEBS. Robert Dickins, Esq., mayor of Bicbmond.** 