? -ijarfldtial Intelligence. THE Bass, Moenington. — A new church was opened here on Sunday, November 24th. Divine Service was conducted by the Rev. T. Quinton, assisted by Mr. E. Hicks, reader. The sermon was preached from Gen. xxviii. 16, 17. All the sitting accommodation in the building was taken up. The church is a neat little wooden ? structure, and, although small, is large enough in all probability for the population of this thinly -populated part of the Mornington district for many years to come. It is a wonder that The Bass, one of the oldest townships in the colony, should not have had a church before now, but we must say that once the project was taken in hand it was quickly carried out. Much credit is due to Mr. Hugh Anderson, of Netherwood, and his brethren for the way in which they have helped forward the work. We are also glad to be able to state that all religious bodies (Roman Catholics among the number) gave valu able assistance. Seats and other furniture are needed for the building, and a tea-meeting for this purpose is contemplated at some future day. Benalla. — A bazaar in aid of the building fund of Holy Trinity Church, Benalla, was opened by the incumbent (Rev. S. B. Scott) on Wednesday, the 13th of November, which, notwithstanding the extreme heat of the weather, proved a great success. After paying all expenses the sum of £150 has been put into the bank, and will be handed over to the trustees in due course ; it will very nearly clear off the debt on the church. Two sermons were preached by the Venerable the Archdeacon of Beechworth in Holy Trinity Church on Sunday, December 8th, when collections were made in aid of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. The sum of £4 16s. lid. was collected. Clifton Hill.— A sale of gifts in aid of the Sunday-school in con nection with St. Andrew's Church was opened by the Rev. J, Caton , on Wednesday, lSth December, and held. for three consecutive days, with very satisfactory results. ?'''.;..' Daylbsford. — The anniversary services were- held at Christ Church on Sunday, 8th December, the preacher being the Rev. H. A. Langley, Incumbent oO St. Matthew's, Prahran. The text in the morning was John xvi. 22, 'And your joy no man taketh from you;' and in the evening, Hebrews iii. 7, ' And the Holy Ghost saith to-day,' At the evening service the church was crowded to overflowing. The usual tea and public meeting in commemoration of the anniversary was held on Tuesday, 10th December, and was in every way successful, about 300 persons attending. The following ladies presided at the tables : — Mesdames Armstrong,. Band, Burrall, Charlesworth, Clapham, Colton, Deakin. Geak.e, Hewitt, Keays, Lee, Nightingale, Patterson, and Wheeler, and the Misses Borsa, Fair- ' ? thorne, 'Hemrick, Luxon, Mercer, Odgers, Parker, and Rumley. Addresses were delivered by the chairman, W. E. Stanbridge, Esq., J.P., who, after remarking upon the preponderance of ladies over gentlemen in the meeting, and the gaps made in their ranks since they last met, spoke of the importance of. the question of religious ; instruction in State-schools ;' by.the Rev. J. H. Herring, of Kyneton, who spoke of the value of the Book of Proverbs as an unsectarian and practical manual for the religious instruction of the young; by the Eev. W. C. Ford, of Sunbury, who thought that people now-a-days had education on the brain, and preferred to take for his subject the tyranny of convention, giving as an illustration the obligation' upon the clergy to wear black coats ; by the Rev. H. A. Langley, who spoke of three things as necessary to make a church successful — unity amongst its members, sympathy shown with the minister, and abundant prayer; by Mr. J. H. Wheeler, J. P., who said that, a bazaar having been proposed to clear off the church debt, the congregation had with one consent preferred' to , meet the difficulty by direct contributions, and £300 having been already ; promised, it was probable that with the half of what, would be realised, by the anniversary, they would begin the new year clear of debt, in which case, he added, they had made up their minds not to go into debt again; by Mr.: J. E. Geake, who spoke, feelingly of the loss sustained by the districtr through the.death:of Mrs; Stanbridge, j and touching on the religious instruction qnestion said tha't he believed that not one act of Mr.. Wilberforce Stephen's life weighed more heavily upon him than the recollection of the present educa tional system being the stepping-stone to his present position. He congratulated the Bishop of Melbourne on the noble effort he was making to secure religious education for the young, and proposed that the ten commandments should be read daily in school by the teacher; and hoped that it would nob have to be recorded in the future history of Victoria that her downfall commenced with the non-God-recognising Education Act. Mr. A. Millar acted as con ductor of the choir, and Miss Fairthorne presided at the piano. Essendon,: St. Thomas' Church.— The month of December was a busy one in connection with this church. On Thursday, the 12th, a meeting of the Sunday- school teachers was held at the parsonage, partaking partly of a social and partly of a business character. All the teachers (22 in number) were present, and at the close of the proceedings Mr. T. G. Hope, the deputy-superintendent, read an address to the retiring incumbent, the Rev. Edward Puckle, express ive of warm feelings of regard, and the hope that, although about officially to be disconnected from the school, it would retain his sympathy. On Friday, the 20th, the school festival was held . at the schoolhouse, Moonee Ponds, and passed off very successfully. Over 200 children and 21 teachers were present. The rooms were nicely decorated with flags and evergreens, while the tables were amply provided with all the necessary accompaniments for material enjoyment. Drawing for prizes on the Christmas trees followed, each child receiving a reward. One of Mr. Gaunt's best magic lan terns was then brought into requisition, and the proceedings were closed by the singing of the doxology. During the evening the children were addressed in an appropriate manner by the Eev. Mr. Puckle. On the afternoon of Sunday, the 22nd December, a chil dreia's service was held in St. Thomas' Church, when there was a good attendance of young people, and a few adults. An excellent address was delivered by the Rev. Mr. Scott, of Footscray, and the hymns were sung by the children, kindly led by Mrs. Tulloch on the harmonium. On Monday, the 23rd December, the half-yearly missionary meeting was held in the school house, 'the Eev. Edward Pnckle presiding. The address was deli vered by the Rev. Robert Short, of St. George's, Eoyal Park, and was attentively listened to. The proceeds of the missionary-boxes and the collection made in the room amounted to over £10, bringing up the total sum raised by the Sunday-school of this parish during the Rev. Mr. Puckle's tenure of office to about £400. The usual mis sionary publications were distributed amongst those present, and the moneys collected were allocated as the children desired amongst vari ous missions indicated. After the missionary proceedings had terminated, the incumbent distributed about twenty rewards to the most regular attendants at a class held for religious instruction under the superintendence of the Rev. Walter Mantell, on Wednesday afternoons, in the church schoolroom. Mr. Mantell gave a short verbal report, in the course of which he mentioned that there were about forty children in attendance at the week-day class. Heathcote : Correction.— We are glad to state that the number of sovereigns presented to the Rev. F. R. Seaborn, on leaving the Goulburn diocese, erroneously printed by us twenty, was really seventy. Inveuleigh District.— The Lord Bishop of Melbourne visited this district on the 2Sth November last. He was met at the Leigh road station and driven to Inverleigh by Mr. R. Shekleton, the reader of the district. After a brief rest at the parsonage, his Lordship proceeded to the church, where he administered the rite of confirma tion to twenty-six young persons — viz., eight males and eighteen females. The shortened form of evening service was read by Mr. Shekleton, and the candidates were presented by the Rev. A. J. Picker ing, who also acted as Bishop's chaplain. Immediately before the question was put to the candidates, and also after the laying on of hands, earnest and impressive addresses were delivered by the Bishop, and were most attentively listened to by all present. Since the Bishop's former visit to this district, just twelve months ago, a nice little wooden church has been erected at Leigh-road, and the building at Inverleigh has been completely transformed. Formerly the room was small, dark, badly seated, and with rough stone walls, but it has been much enlarged, nicely plastered, and ceiled throughout ; three new windows have been put in, neat and comfortable seats made, also a small vestry, and various other, improvements. After the con firmation the Bishop remained the gue^st of Major Berthon and Mrs. Moriarty until the following day, when he returned to Melbourne by the mid- day train. ..,( ? .;....? .. .Kew. — The bazaar in aid of the fund for the purchase of a new organ for Trinity Church was held in the Kew Town-hall on the 5th, 6th, and 7th of December, and resulted, after all expenses paid, in a clear profit to the fund of over .£300. It is expected that another hundred pounds will yet be, added to this amount from the sale, two or three months hence, of a number of articles which -remain over from the bazaar. ? Lilydale : St. John's. — A tea-meeting in connection with the church was held in the Rechabite Hall on Saturday, the 7th ult., when a select numbers-select owing to the rate of charge— sat down to tea. The Bishop, who was present to give a lecture afterwards, and Mrs. Moorhouse favoured the company . with their presence at tea. Tea over, the tables cleared, and seats arranged^ the hall was soon crowded in every-part, notwithstanding the charge of a shilling admission, which, 'fovere; well to mention his lordship dis approves of in such cases, desiring that the poor man- who has not anything to spare may nave a chance of hearing what is said. His lordship's lecture on the 'Power of Words,' which was sound, clear, and full of illustration, was attentively listened to throughout, and deservedly and heartily applauded. If. words and terms were as nlp.axlv rlpfinprl na flip TCisiVirm wrmirl havp. thorn, in Vif» mnot. nf f.Vio sectarian differences at present existing would be easily surmounted. The church, which for the last few months' has been closed for repairs, alterations, and additions, was re-opened by the Bishop on the following morning, when, standing room could scarcely be obtained. The morning and evening service was taken by Mr. M' Caw, the musical portion thereof being rendered by Mr. Hadfield, of St. Kilda, with the Misses Hadfield and a number of other ladies and gentlemen from town, who kindly gave their services for the occa sion, together with the local talent of the congregation. The music used was Clarke and Whitfield's. Two able sermons were preached by his lordship, in the morning from Matthew vii. 13, 'Enter ye in at the straight gate,' and evening from Luke x. 42, ' One thing is needful.' The Bishop expressed himself highly pleased with the improvements made since his last visit, and Mrs. Moorhouse showed her appreciation of the energy and zeal displayed by those con cerned in kindly presenting to the church a new altar- cloth, with a pulpit-cloth to match. The working members of the church vestry for the outgoing year deserve the highest credit for the manner in which they have performed their duties, having raised and expended in the little township of Lilydale, on the church and parsonage, nearly £100. Both church and parsonage are now clear of debt with a balance in hand to meet forthcoming demands. Melbourne: St. Paul's.— The Bishop of Melbourne preached in this church on Christmas Day from the text, John i. 14, 'And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us (and we beheld His glory, the frlorv ns nt1 +.Tir nnlv hprrnHpn of thp. Ffi»mrV full nf ornp.A anri H truth.' In the course of his sermon the Bishop referred to the doctrines propounded so confidently by Professor Haeckel, of Jena, at the banquet recently given to him in Paris, that every particle of matter has its own distinct and sentient soul, and that the most gifted human souls are only higher developments of these atomic souls. There is no proof offered for such a theory, the very state ment of which carries with it its refutation ;, yet its author demands that it shall be compulsorily taught in the State-schools to all the children. This is of a piece with the demand of Strauss, that the ? confession of belief in a Personal God should be punished as a crime. 1^ This is the real spirit of the free thought of the day—this is the I spirit of the party into whose hands you play when you banish I religious instruction from your schools. It is not tolerance or I freedom, religious or intellectual, for which they are contending ; I it is the religion of Christ which is to be proscribed and cast out to I make room for their monstrous beliefs. Let their demand be met by I a demand from Christian parents to have Christian instruction given I to their children — and at what better time could that demand be I made than while the Christmas bells were ringing in their ears, i proclaiming the glad tidings of the Gospel, of Peace? Richmond. — An organ recital, with selections of vocal music, was held at St. Stephen's Church, Richmond, on Thursday evening, 19th December, in aid of the choir fund for the purchase of new music, &c.; The following choruses from ' The Messiah '_were admirably sung by the choir, which had been considerably strengthened for the occasion, namely : — 'And the glory of the Lord,' 'Lift up your heads,' ' 0 Thou that tellest !' (the contralto air preceding it being ' admirably given by Miss Grierson), the ' Hallelujah.' .Sacred songs were rendered by Miss King, Mr. Grierson, and Mr. B; Sterling, in a very creditable manner. A double quartet, '* And there shall be no more death,' composed by G. 0. Rutter, a gentleman well known here informer years, was sung with good effect. The church organist, Mr. P. C. Plaisted, played Bach's prelude and fugue in B minor, a march by Lachner, an arrangement of Gounod's ' Nazareth,' and a composition by Sir Robert Stewart, the well-known professor of | Dublin. One of Mr. Plaisted's pupils, Mr. Charles J. Williams, per ; formed a charming andante movement by Smart, and the chorus from 'Samson,' 'Fixed in His everlasting seat,' in both of which he evinced— particularly in the pedal passages— considerable aptitude for organ playing. : ... . .Sandhurst. — On- the .evening- of 12th December the parishioners of ;AU Saints', and a number of the friends of 'the Rev. W. Rv Oroxtori, assembled in All Saints' schoolroom for the purpose of presenting that gentleman with an address and a substantial expression of their sympathy on the eve of his departure for England. The chair was occupied by Mr. Robert Burrowes. The following address was reap by Mr. Hunter :— ' Sandhurst, Victoria, 12th December, 1878.— We, the parishioners of All Saints' and other friends, desire to express our deep regret that severe illness compels you to leave the colony, and our sincere wish that your intended visit to Europe may result in your complete restoration to health and speedy return to this city, in which you have officiated during so many years ; and we have to request that you will accept the accompanying testimony of ? our sympathy and kindly feeling.— Robert Burrowes, Chairman-;' GL Aspinall, Treasurer; G. F. Hunter, S. G. Cole, Secretaries.' The chairman, in presenting Mr. Croxton with the address and a purse containing 230 sovereigns, mentioned that that amount had been collected in a week or ten days, and ??had not required that labour which was usual in getting up such testimonials, as the people had come forward and offered their subscriptions from all parts of the city. The Rev. Mr. Croxton, in replying, said that he did not forget that it was but three years since a similar expression of sympathy was given to him in one of the direst trials that could ever come to man. He did not know what was before him, God only knew that, but it was very gratifying to. him to know that his humble labours for nearly twenty years were appreciated, and where ever he might be he should always remember this, if it was1 to1 be their last meeting. He also expressed his sense of the great kind ness of the Rev. Mr. M'Cullagh, who, in spite of his. own bad, health, had kindly undertaken to relieve him of all trouble in making. the necessary arrangements for his absence. A large number of ladies and gentlemen assembled at the railway station on 14th December to bid Mr. Croxton farewell. He has gone to England by the s.s. V.Cuzco,' which sailed 17th December j for the purpose of obtaining the best medical advice for his painful and alarming malady. : ... Whokouly. — The annual tea-meeting in connection with the church in this township was held on Thursday, 14th November, and was most successful. Though called a. tea-meeting, the banquet was really a sumptuous luncheon, the tables being , covered with fowls and meats of every description, and the guests sitting down in relays at various hours from four in the afternoon till seven in the evening. At the public meeting that followed — Mr. R. Warren,, of Beechworth, in the chair — excellent addresses. were delivered by the chairman, the Rev. E. Rodda, of Bright, Mr. Kirk, the reader of the district, and Major Burrowes. Various readings and recitations were given1, with good effect in the course of the evening by Messrs. Rodda and Kirk.: The net proceeds of the entertainment, amounting, it is hoped, to : between £20 and £30, will be applied to paying off the balance of the debt incurred in the erection of the church. ? , ,,, 