CRICKET NOTES. Br TVhith Korr. Friday, January 24. To-morrow s match is the most momentous one of the season. It seems to be regarded as the pivot upon which hinges the fate of the f!hallpTlfP Olin nf frl'i* cmann nf 1S7S.P, AnA tlie best of it is that the result of the game is as uncertain as the result of the preliminary to3s. Earlier on iu the season nearly everybody believed the Noith Adelaides would carry all before them and that the Norwoods would not have a ghost of a chance hi the return match. It was flat heresy to say anything to the con trary then, but times change aud people with them, so that now there are a few who still pin their faith to the Norwoods and believe they will come oS conquerors to-morrow. Even the friends of the Korth Adelaide Club look with somewhat anxious minds on the fact that the owners of the red and white stripes have of late been improving, while the wearers of the orange and black colours have been de feated by the Hindmarsh men during the present month, and have not lately been showing such marked superiority as they did in the earlier matches. Still their average scores so far are materially in excess of the Norwoods. They have scored 711 runs in six innings and with 9 wickets to spare, while the Norwoods have only made 751 runs in seven innings less 4 wickets. In round numbers, therefore, the *? holy boys' hare scored 1 JO per innings and the quondam champions only about 115. Bat the Norwood men have got their opponents' wickets for an average of less than 55 runs per innings, while the opponents of the North Adelaides have on the average cost them about 66 runs per innings. The names of the players in to-morrow's match have been kindly placed at my disposal. They show that A. E. Ayers, late of the South Australians, has gone over to the North Adelaides, and that they are also to have tha assistance of Mitchell, a second eleven bowler. These two men take the place of Scott andKobin, who are out of town. The team is stronger in bowling than ever. If numbers gj for anything the North Adelaides have the aavant≥ — no less tnan seven oi ineir eleven being trnndlers. The Norwoods, ever strong in this respect, have got the help of H. A. Gooden and Le Beau, aud their team includes six bowlers. The names of the North Adelaide eleven are — Phillips, Bevan, Ballard, Barnes, Botten, Slight, I'etfenger, Norman, Torode, Mitchell, and Ayers. The Norwood team will be — J. E. Gooden, H. A. Gooden, Whitridge, Giffen, Lucas, Traynor, Burnet, McMichael, Blinnnn, Le Beau, and Denness, Lucas has been ill, and in case he is nnable to play F. Chapman has been chosen to take his place. Prophesying is a dangerous game at any time, but especially so in regard to cricket. However, I may oracularly remark that if the Norwoods get the best of the wicket, they will probably get the best of the game too. The special match on the Oval on Saturday, February 1, ought to prove a close and inter esting one. The Twenty-two juniors have some very promising colts amongst them, and not a few of them have figured on the Oval before. But the Association Eleven is a strong one, and I think they will find their work cat out for them. The surprise of the season thus far was that extraordinary match which took place on Satur day last between the Hindmarsh and South Australian Clubs. The Bricks had vanquished the hitherto unconquered North Adelaides, and then they allowed themselves to be beaten by a club that has never once shown to the front since the season began. Extremes meet occa sionally, and at cricket we look for surprises. But this was too great a surprise to pass unnoticed. And now comes the rumour that Noel — to whom the credit of the victory is undoubtedly due — intends leaving the South Australians and joining the Hindmarsh. It would be a good thing for cricket if he would do so, as he is one of our best all-round men and he would materially strengthen an already strong club, and the North Adelaides and Norwoods might not then have the honours all to themselves. His innings of 33 was a splendid one, and his six wickets for 18 runs prove that he is skilful with the ball as well as the bat. * Apropos of Charley Bannerman having been engaged as professional by the Melbourne Cricket Club for two years, I am reminded of the time when three years ago he entered into a similar contract with the South Melbourne Club. He played with them against East Mel bourne and scored 70. But they left him out of the Victorian Eleven who were to play against the New South Welshmen. He was nettled at this, and rather than not have a hand in the game he played for the Sjdney team, and by scoring 83 runs he won the match for the Welshmen aeainst the colony in which he had been a resident professional cricketer for a few months. No wonder he went back to Sydney after that. The wonder is that the Victorians have ever forgiven him. Perhaps, however, they see they cannot do better elsewhere. The ?unwritten law about appearing in club uniform and in flannels while playing in cup matches has lately been honoured more in the breach than the observance by members of two or three clnbs. I have heard complaints made week after week, but these quiet bints do not se«m to have had much effect. Black hats are not very suitable to our climate in summer time, much less to the cricket field, and a few dark pairs of trousers spoil the appearance of any field, be it even composed of South Ade laideans or men of Kent. 