• •• ■ ITEMS OF 'Niiifs.*') ' Tab woatber-bhs been"- raitiy'sinco our last 188UO, and, as will" be aeon by. a paragraph elsewhere,' anticipations of! a: flobd:rwere'iri duiged in. Fortunately, these fears Lave now passed away. Fine, bracing , weather, with an unclouded' sky, prevailed yesterday, and there is overylsign of it prevailing for eome'timel Business is rather brisker in the local stock market, and we liave- heard of numerous enquiries for.fat owes and wethers at rather better prices than has been hitherto prevailing. .. . ■■ t Sp .miiuy'.of. our readers are> led ^astray by the constunt alterations tin the railvyuy.timc table; that ' we now publish'ifttl!' particulars as to the arrival and departure'of all trains to and from South/Wagga Waggn.' -It-would be as well if. people wererto.cut the.informa tion out of 'the', paper aud Maste 'it in their pooketibooksi 5 1 ; • J •'* Our attention has been called to an an noyauce which, the residents of Kiricaid and Traill-streets have to suffer in. couscqueuce of a nurabor of horses wliich'aro turned at large.at nighttime,.. ,Thc80. animals,, ifcris alleged, wander about tlio streets)'destroying valuable plants within fcboit} roach oycrfences. Ouo gentleman assures us that some of the choicest plants iu his garden have been destroyed in this manner, and ho has spent hours of watchfulness at, night to guard agaiust wholesale destruction. At 7 o'clock in the rooming the horses aro collected to perform their daily worl^. If the ownciB of these animals were summoned aud good smart fines indicted, less of these complaints would be made. Ratepayers, at least, expect to be protected against theso annoyances. It was scarcely anticipated a few weeks ago, after the flood waters had receded, that we should again this season he visited with anything approaching a jlood. It was with some surprise that the news was received iu Wagga Wagga on Saturday night that the river was rising fast at Gundagai, being(22 feet above summer level. On Sunday night the river . continued slowly to rise at G-uudagai. On Monday, morning it reached the maximum at 9.30, being 2Gft. Sin. at that town. The river gradually begun to rise at Wagga Wagga on Monday evening, and at 9 p.m. last night was 27ft. tiiu. above summer level. At 12 o'clock the height was stationary at the figures before quoted. At 6 p.m. last ovening the height at Gundagai was 22ft., aud falling. The water commenced to break over the bank at 6 p.m. last night in "Fifczuianricc-atrcot, but wo do nob appre hend any inconvenience to tho residents iu Vitzmaurice-street, as at tho time of going to press the river showed signs of falling. Communication by rail with North aud South Wagga Wagga was stopped yesterday, owing to water washing over tho temporary bridge, aud tho mails were taken by con veyance to tho North Wagga station. After very great eflorts the Wagga Wagga Brass Band is to be resuscitated. The main difficulty to be overoomo has-been tho payment of tho bandmaster's salary. Several gentlemen have promised liberal subscriptions. Tho plan adopted to collect tho money is by weekly contributions. Mr. E. D. Loyshon has couseutod to act as col lector for tho baud fund. A few more volunteers of this description will bo tint mcaus of materially assisting tho instrumen talists. It would be uu absolute loss to tho town if tho baud was broken up. Tub Government Gazette contains tho names of a numbur of new justices of tho peace, inoluding Mr. Robert Giles, of Hamil ton ; Mr. Richard Goldsbrough, of Mul bourno; Mr. J. R Levicn, of Drysdale, Geelong; and Mr.. J, T. Martin, of St. Kilda, Tiffs oWcm!'report from the Scrub-ynrde goldfluld, near Cootmnundra, is eouraging. Tun now tariff in Western*1 Australia is causing much dissatisfaction. Tho citizens off Forth have formally protested against tho 10. ,)Vor ccnt. duty on Hour. V 4 Tub allegations tnado in rrforonce to tho' squalting leaso held by Mr. J. Forrest, deputy survoyor-geuoral of Westorii Aus tralia, which woro never credited by tho goueral public, have elicited a most satis factofy^ oxplnhatidu. Mr. Trasor is blamed' for not treating tho subject in a public matter iu the Council, but remaining roticeut. A curious will cdso was* before tho Eeolesi asticalj Court^Sydney, in . which the..plaintiff disputes the Validity of. a will made by fth old. man.nnmed"Georgo/t>agloyi'6n tho. ground of; coercion by defendant, and that doecasod at the limo ^of. -exequting'tho dpouinent was I imbecilo/tts shown 'by1 certain' extraordinary actions;; y? « ir/v, >: ;f •: y'-ri-. Tub telegraphic correspondent of. t.ho' 3r«ss Courier sent the 'following' items under date of Monday -V .Unpleasant rumours . are in {circulation as regards proceedings at Go j vernnifliit IJouse, and it is asserted that there !is^ urgontUiecd' of LadyLaftus 'being pre sent at l>alls and other entertainments. Of course, Lord Augu'stus\Loftus is unblamud, but objections are • boirig takeu'. witU rcspcct to balls/and- parties. being presided over by single yoiihg gqntloinen, when riiiits and re velry aro kept uptill moriiing.—There is no doubt entertai.nod ino.w as * to tho Exhibition proviug to be a gigantic success. There was a splendid attendance in tho building on Saturday. It is.belioVed that the reduced railway-rates, for tho 9th proximo will fetch forty-thousand visitors to Sydney. It is utterly impossible ;to glean from newspaper descriptions^ fair idea of} the,splendour,and thOf'.yaricty ,qf; the exliibits.—Mouoy, con tinues quietly to be laid on Chester for the Molbourno .Cup,, aud on Baronet, for the Derby.—Cape-noivs states that a splendid monumentjsin course of erection at Isan dulaj where tho gallant twenty-fourth regi ment,^were overwhelmcd.r-A married w.omau named lJonetj' sh'ot; another 'married -woman named,Chapman four times at Waterloo, .near SydrierJ last Saturday. Jealousy is'said to have been ''the' incentivc.'-i-There has been a heavy flood, with loss of life at Tumut. Floods have also occurred at Adclong, .- Gundagai, and Albury.—A de structive fire has taken place. at: ;,West Maitlaiid.«f/.Four, shops were gutted .or de stroyed.—Additional facilities lmve been granted by the railway authorities and the Exhibition Commissioners for the demonstra tion oh,the 10th Novembor.—A.matcb for £400 between William Trieketfc and H, McLean, of Brisbane, is to bo rowed on the ]>arramatta River in ten week's limOiT-The New Zealand Opposition have resolutely rejected 'proposals for a coalition Conserva tive Government. 1); NoT.only (says the Pastoral Times) aro we guilty of immoral conduct in speudiiig the land fund in'making good defieiencieswhich arise through cnlpablo extravagance in tho ordinary expenditure of government or un willing to bear our proper burdons, but wo are also foolish. ( Although our territory is enorinous'we caiitiot always rely on'finding purchasers Jn numbers, whenever we .want them. Alienation from the Crown has already taken place to a very largo extent, and the purchases comprise .the pick of the country. Every selection'that takes place makes the land fund a less trustworthy source of revenue in an'emergency, as it lessens the number of commanding or attrac tive spots/:-:,Wo cannot go - on for ever, evori if we were dishonourable ..enough to attempt such a fraud upon our descendants drawing upon tho public estate1 to make good tho defect in our. ordinary income. The day must come when we shall1 have to face our difficulties, and then our misdeeds will find us 'out!1 ' 'Industries now springing into life in conscqueuco of the cnoouragomcnt offered by low but insufficient'taxation will in aouio instances be crushed, when the public burdens'aro'postponed to; the public needa. .ma^ .dopend upon it. that in the. long run, " honesty'is tho best policy," and' we cau but question the suitability of a form of government to our present state of civilisa tion, uuder which the public servants cannot venturo to call attention to the fact for fear of personal;cori*Benuences. • : >_■ •~/Av Russian (veterinary ; surgeon,- reports that a cow, twolvo yoars old, of "Algiiva breed} belongiug to a Russian nobleman, never showed sigusof hearing; nor hollowed. Seeing the other cattle bellowing,>sho. tried to.imitatdl;them by.'stretching hjbr.neck and head, and opening her mouth, but she could not produce- any sound. sense of this co;y..waa .found tp ,bo, unusually, well ,de* i.\^iopccV/ '* '•''•? A piii90NER,'immcdIHiImann, recently bar ricaded himself iu his coll lit Vovey, Switzer land, aud; defied .ifcUe'^emlarraes to tako^him before tho.judges.,; It,was not thought ad? visablo jto shoot luin. and. the-court would uotrwnituntil hotwas starved loaurroudor, ao ether -^iis,thrown iuto tho. coll until he became sufficiently stupefied to be harmless. For some time (says the Scientific American) a certain class of newspapers have abounded in marvellous tales of spirit photography, the work of a lady photographer of Rochester, N-Y., assisted of course by the ghosts of her clients' ancestors and departed friends. Recently two lady sitters were im pressed by the old-fashioned yet familiar costume and aspect of the spirits attending them in their pictures; and set to work to trace their probable pre- spirit history in the pages of an old magazine for ladies. The search was successful, the original of one of the spirits proving to be an engraving entitled "Nourmahal" and the other " The Last Rose of Summer." No doubt the spirits can give good reasons for masquerading in those particular costumes,,but as yet they have failed to do so. The photographs and engravings fell into the hands of the Rochester Union who, in order to ascertain process by which the ghostly picture was printed beside the sharply defined portrait, submitted them to a photographer who does not deal in spirits. The process was practically illustrated and explained as follows: A negative is first taken of the engraving. When the sitter comes for a picture the negative is turned the other side, the collodion put on and the glass put in the camera. In this manner the portrait of the sitter is on one side of the glass and what is intended for the spirit on the other. When tho negative comes to be printed the paper is placed against the side of the glass having the portrait of the sitter and exposed to the light. The spirit being on the other side of the glass has to strike through it, which gives it the hazy appearance, while the portrait, being on the side next the light, comes out clearly defined. Any one who is desirous of doing so can test this for himself, and the illustration shown by tho photographor ex- plained the matter fully to the eyes of the inquiring newspaper man. The more artistic a photographer is, of course, the more un- earthly he can make the work, and the gentleman in question said he could produce a picture of the most ghastly description. A short time since (says the :Scientific American) Mr. Henry A. Sovorn, of Homo Hill, England, brought; out an. ingenious compass alarm for use on shipboard. ; Its purpose is to make tbo compass signal atito* tnatically nny considerable, deviation1 jot the ship from a desired course. Over tho com pass card are placcd two index hands which can be adjusted to any aui»ld j and these hands are so cmmccted with an, electric alarm that tho moment the compass-needle passes the limit of variation proscribed an alarm boll will ring iu tho captain's office, and continue ringing until tho ship's proper course is restored. In this way any depar ture from the ship's course, as ordered by the officer in cummaud, whether due to tho steersman's -inattention to duty or a mis* understanding of tho orders givon, will be instantly mudo known. Of course when the officer gives his orders to the steersman he sets the iudox hands to correspond,* and after that ho is reliovcd of the necessity of constant observation of tho compass to bo sure that his order is strictly oarried out. Tho invontion is just now receiving much attention iu the scientific and other journals in England ; and it is currently described as novel as well as likely to bo useful. Its novelty, however, is open to1 cjuostion. In principle, and apparently in mechanical con* struction, it is substantially identical-with the electro'inngnetic attaohmeut1 to; ship's compasses patented in this -country by Alfred Froucsmt, July 19, 1870;' The most essential part of tho olaim for this patent was tho construction and arrangement' of' li5 obmpuss, so- that,1 by reason of any matorial vnriutioii in the route of the vessel, tho needle of tho same would closo an electrical or magnetic circuit and sound an alarm. The apparatus < used iin demonstrating ' the practicability of- this system was rnado in this city by Mr.-William F. Holslco, model maker, now at No. 33 Park How. : Why tho invention has; remained so long undeveloped is not kuown. r 