[?] Luke Mivers' Harvest. Bt N. WALTER SWAN. Tbe 'Sydney Mail' PmeTalc. Chatter X. — Steel yebsus Strength. That night the run fell in hurried plashings, or slow robbings, over the stretches of moorland and against the shrouded hills ; it boat everywhere monotonously : but Mirers did not hoed it He walked hiB trembling horse through the blackness, sitting drenched like a fortuneless thing, knowing of no shelter and condemned to the darkness. Thw he vent home in the wilderment that followed the late excitement, and feeling vaguely of some failure, with a fear rather than an acknowledgment, that the one hope he had cherished was loosing its rose-colour and fading into grev ncf s. Slowly he went to his empty room and silent bed, to eock rest through incoherent thoughts, and wonder at the pain that trailed itself near him and sat by his pillow. Absent-eyed and moveless he thought of her tenderly into deep. She eat joyous and animated before her little mirror, twisting her hair round the diamonds, and trying contrasts with her throat and arms. Slumbering expressions in her ' face awoke to give their charm to beauties that lay -waiting in every attitude, and while coiling tbe strands of hair, and flashing the gems within them, she laughed with herself joyfully, and forgot that Mivers lived. Her father sat, with a contented crouch, bearing the weight of his body on his frail knees, and moving noiselessly to his thoughts. The fire threw out a red light, that gave him an unnatural glow in the dark room, but his eyes sparkled at the hearts of the embers, and he nodded his head pleasantly at their communion, lie muttered odd sayings that sounded broken, like himself, and rose with the hot breath all round him. Then pottered away with rickctty satisfaction to the n (.m where he slept. It has been told to most of us, I think, that those who loved and linked ihe chain of passion that has stretched through the years of the world's history to these later times, fought uselessly against the power. It has been quite an accepted necessity of such a feeling, that the lover should rise from what has been callod, with peculiar diction, his uneasy pillow, to wander restlessly towards the chosen one. We have heard of serenndes concerning which, if analysed critically, it would be found they owed more to wine than to women, or more likely, with a large balance in favour of the former. Of these* latter times I do not often believe descriptions, which tell me of lovclornness find ing peace and comfort from a shadow on a blind, or a light within a room, except in cases where the feelings vortex the sufferer into a whirl that is nigh madness, — this latter state being comfortably described as devotion. But though uncommon, there is this mad untbinkiugncss of pussion that is blind to all but one hope and one dementing desire. Mr. Mivers did not induce his slumber with the aid of brandy, and when the moonlight strained past the curtain of his room, lying in rules upon his floor, and barring the walls, the doings of the past came back to him in as cold a light as that trembl ing quiet, quivering nnd ghost-like about the hangings of his bed. The bright hues in which he had seen many things faded, and the recklessness of the lost half- year, stood up for examination, showing such shapes, and suggest ing such possibilities, that he rose and dressed himself, and crept from his own door like a thief, to walk silently across the stretch of plain and the shadows flung by trees. He might have been a somnambulist, for his march was as silent and regular as an Indian's. Pclan had loft the station, being paid in full for the I.O.U.'s given ut cards, with mockery on his face and with biting words, mid the young man woe left alone with his usurping thoughts. The village lav straggling over the plains ; the roofs were silverv above shadowed walls, nnd the windows chining wierdly back with plashings caught from the tide of moon. It might have been a deserted world thereabouts for any sign of life there was ; only the black and gleani of wall and window, the reflecting pools, and the faint movings of voiceless leaves were the features of the night. Fai m houses nestled round the rest within them, and the bald dismal township slept. I do not think Mivers could have told the reason of his walk. Ho could scarcely have told where he was going, having merely followed the instinct grown within him to wander towards the one spot where his hopes liad been so changed ; where the craving to win the purples of wealth and wear them died before the craving for a face ; where the goal had been lost in the glamour of dark eyes, and the purpose strangled by silken folds of hair. One of those mysterious instincts that sometimes strike the KLttfie with the potency of a warning stopped him to the cognizance of another presence. He was nearly within the bhic-k square of shadow the walls of Snorter's house spread down before he started peeringly at the dead stillness and darkness before which he 6tood. Within was the faint reflected light which the gloom permitted, and moving upon it a dark figure as silent as the gloom itself. It seemed to Mivers that the shade upon the shadow camo from the old man's premises, and he sprang into the obscu rity nervously strung for action by a possibility that rose to 'him. The 'figure faded away like a vapour— the sleeping of the silence only remaining. His faculties were all roused, while his heart beat out a drumming as wild as his passions. The dull sound had. but caught him before a sharper noise grated down from the distance. He turned with the swiftness and silence of a wolf, and leaned for ward to find himself shortly rewarded by seeing a hurry ing figure shoot away from the line of shade, cautiously flitting through the 'shadows of the trees, now lost, and again passing a lane of moonlight with the fleetness of a ghost. It had all passed so faintly and so quickly that the thing might have been some wandering animal abroad, or a creation by those senses that people the night with dreams. Mivers had no idea of his intentions when he started out towards the lines and blotches of darkness cast by the quaint gums. His object was as vaguo when he saw the foim leave for the open moonlight as when he left his own house ; hut he sprang off in pursuit, feeling a kind of savnge pleasure in the excitement, and a desire to penetrate the mystery. The chase was a strange one; there was the dull noise of running feet, making the night seem all the more solitary by the sounds struck bock ; by the spray and splashings sprayed up to glitter and shower back m throbbing pools ; by the hurried breathings in the calm, and the contagion of excitemeut that surrounds human effort of whatever kind. Fleckings of wide light and barring rules melted away from seeming trunks to shadow, as though the runners spurned difficulties with seven-leagued boots. The foremost slipped iu his spring, at last, by a watercourse, and fell heavily into the narrow stream. Mivers was upon him as he gained a foot- hold, and the two men stood panting at each other without a word being spoken. Both faces were white with excite.-aeut and toil, but neither so changed as to be unrecognisable by the other. 'Come upon the bank,' said Mivers hoarsely, but steadily ; ' I want to speak to you.' The* other shook himself quietly, aud clambered up a steep cliff of clay into the light ; Mivers followed, and bjih etood again fact: to face. ' Where have you been, Pelan ?' ' The question is sufficiently impertinent, and you hive worked hard for an answer,' Pelan rejoined, wringing the ! ekirts of hie 'coat. 'Do yon think it is because yoi are ' Mivers' son, and choose to* act like n fool, that you have the ' fool's license to question me ; don't imagine, my worthy j outcome of sguatterdom, I shall submit to the insults here ' which you chose to snarl at me when I waited payment for yonr I.O.U.'s. ' Blacklegs should never qnarrel with their victims.' Pelan laughed loudly ; 'Pshaw, I choose to throw you aside like a plucked daw. You must moult before you take another flutter:' * r : ' Tbat is not the reason of my following yon,' the young man answered hoarsely ; » I can afford to let vour abuse ef my «jnphaty pass. 1 want to know where you have bt-enr' It seems to me our inclinations have led us in the same direction ; pood niehl.' 'Stop!' Mivcre sprang upon him, and fastened fiercely on his collar. He was ae strong as a young gladiator, notwith Btandinehui excesses. He had lost all care but one, and he turned Pclan round shaking up bis face at the moon as '^ngh galvanising him into utterance. 1 ell me what you mean, or I'll batter your head out of shape against that trunk. Do you hear?' Speak, if you want to save your life.' The speaker towered up with eyes like a maniac. ' You want to know where I have been ? ' asked Pelan, slowly, with bojuc kind of purpose made apparent by his not attempting to defend himself, but yet more apparent by a tremour of excitement tbat was overcoming his voice and the dallying manner of bis question. Unnoticed by cither, there were movements made by the hands of both. 'Mirers, strong fingers were creeping hungrily into contact with Pelan's throat, -while the latter made a sudden motion and etood still. ' 'Where have you been ? ' ' To see Hiss Shorter.' 44 You lie, you dog.' He shouted out the words. The plaintive voices of the stream seemed to sink out of hearing, and the silver park hind came forward out of its peaccf ulncsn, as though dancing shadows were thronging up. Pelan found himself swept along by Mivers' arms with irresistible strength, and they held him furiously against a huge old tree where was neither the rustle of a leaf nor a break in the shade below. 14 Tell me that you lie, or I'll crash your head in with one stroke on the wood behind you. Why don't you speak '( ' He could not see the gambler's face, but unknown to himself hie fingers were tightening on the throat below him. ' Tell me, tell me. Oh — ' The young squntter stood without Fpeaking for an instant, his arms dropped by his side, and lie Etajrgcrcd away and fell. Mr. Pclan adjusted his wet raiment, and threw from him on ivory-handled clasp knife that looked for an instant as pure as the flutter of a white wing, as it twisted out from the black arch of boughs across the radiant night, and fell with a short quick plunge among the surgings of the Ftrcn.ni. Mr. Pclan placed his arms below those of the fainting man, and dragging him bnckwards. put him care fully in a sitting position against the trunk, then, pulling off his boots, walked barefooted across the flat to where the trees grew thickest. Mivers sat strangely twisted, with the moon full upon his glazing eyes and still face. Ciiai'TEu XI. — There is Rest fob the Weary. There is a solemnity about our old tree6 bearing always the wear and rust of time on their crooked limbs and twibted branchings. They 6tand holding the silence of dead ages and the memories of trooping years. The gusts that smote, and the seasons that brigbtencd them, are told upon their trunks, and live in the voices that whisper through their leaves. Their broad shade so often hustled with wind and pierced by sun specks of the great yesterday, when tho silent continent was lashed by storm or 6un-struck in the glare of days, with the sky brass and the earth a furnace. Beneath one of these in the grey distance curtaining the country from the horizon where Mindorf had grown was an old hut in keeping with its position. Upon its low 6lab walls grew creeping plants, hanging round the windows in tangled clusters, the wealth of colour beautifying the house with blossomings, and spreading tenderly from wall to ridge, showing blue and white gloamings. The still old woman who sat by the door wore a frilled cop os white as the blanched hair parted beneath it. When she looked out into the distance with quick black eyes, and raised an aged face to the horizon in patient waiting, it was to be seen with what an anxious expectation she watched as from some kind of fear that had settled upon the rem nant of her life. ' The boy is beyond his time,' she thought aloud. ' His time will be past a week to-morrow, aud I may see him no more.' The withered fingers trembled in their work, as she shut her eyes impatiently, to hear more clearly through the closing day. Out through the arching branches over the quiet pasture there was not a sound. There wn6 nothing to show that a presence was near, nnd she knitted on, communing with the past, as still as the boughs above her, and as patient as the coming stars. 'Holy Virgin bring the ladbnekif only' — her lips closed on the unspoken words, but she looked up at the creeping night in protest. ' He should have been here before, aud the day is nearly done. God keep him from harm, my boy that has supported me through all these useless years.' Her praj-er went forth through the twilight to weave another memory above her, and on whore the soul's desire is potent. She waited farther till the calls of the marsh frogs broke the stillness, she listened while the night grew, and, with a movement that was habitual, placed her hand upon. her side to press back pain. When she had lighted a candle, and moved about her house iu that hermit stillness that to age is soothing, she looked to be nearly sixty years of age, with traces of beaut}' in her face, and the stamp of character in the features. There was the monotony of duty to be detected with the dregs which eventful years leave, hanging mysteriously about her. The little hut was divided into two apartments, and in each was a pallet showing scrupulous ness and whiteness. She knelt at that in the first room in her devotions for the night before a little crucifix, and prayed audibly. There in past times many an anathema had been hurled out, and many a bitter curse bestowed. Where her white cap bowed in reverence strange deeds had been done. The faint sounds of her voice were partially echoed by the griuicd rafters that once rung to blasphemies and the in sanities of orgies. She might have been mistaken for the devout striving wife or mother of some Neapolitan fisher man, in whom once lived the lustrous beauty in harmony with the gorgeous sunsets and blue waters of* those superb constlnnde, having felt the fierce joys and sorrows of such a life in no ordinary degree, when the blood ran warm, when the limbs were round and the frame of lissome grace. She might have uttered it in different words, but hers was the prayer : — Guide us -while shadows lie O'er the dim waters spread ; Hear the heart's lonely cry — Thine, too, hath bled. Her intent earnestness was Irish, nnd her pronounciariou l dined and educated. The broken beauty, the crumbling strength of her face, the traces of quick iinpassionments, and the beautiful simplicity and cleanliness of hor home, were all of the better class. The clouds came up and shuttered out the sky ; the trees rustled in the darkness, while the clamour in the marsh made the night mournful. She walked weakly to the inner room, and, listening, fell asleep. The sleep of the aged is light — may-be in anticipation of the long rest coming. Its contentednrss with dark hours is the preparation for the tinie when the doorway shall have been passed for the mys terious beyond, and the burthen of life laid down in 'tho uncertainty of the change. A candle was placed near the window-blind, that the beacon might tell the comer of the woman's waiting^and of her love. But the sounds outside were not disturbed till the hours trenched on morning. Then a reluctant step fell faintly beside the walls, and a timorous knock allied to it fell upon the door. ' Come in, James Brown, and tell me what is the message you cany.' I've been waiting long; what have you doue with the' boy ? Come iu and tell me all your story.' She was'sittinp up in bed, so white and reverent apd anxious, that she looked what she was— a grand grey ruin, waitingfor words that might bestow the weariness which mean? death, or teach, at best, that the patience of her later life must continue in uncertain hopefulness. ' Come in and sit down ; take the candle from the win dow : he'll not conic to-night. Now, James Brown, whut hiive you got to tell me?' Mr! James Brown entered the room with shuffling hesita tion, which was nioant as a kind of disclaimer against the intrusion. He was constrained and embarrassed in his movements, and appeared to glance at the bed only at the cost of pcrious difficulty. This being overcome, he started, ar,d drew his hand down the top of his head, which, in his i pai licular person, carried the twofold meaning of greeting ? ard homage, and having lifted the candle down as softly - ar,d furtively as possible, looked round below his brows for a (cat, with the air of a roan found out in the commission ; of some flagrantly unri|rhtcous offence. 44 What is your story, Brown?' ' Well, mother, ye see I took the boy to Mindorf. He ain't there now ; he's all right in my hnt, an 'U soon be to ere ycr as hearty as a buck. He's a true-blooded one, an KoniiMokc, is Bryan.' i ' Why is he not here?' ' He's took of a cough, an Buffcrin of weakness like; ? but afore I left, he wa6 eatin like a hoss : rich a breakfast i y« r never 6ec.' I ' Brown was crushing up bis opossum-skin cap in his I fingers in a sad state of nervous perplexity. The old woman breathed an impatient sigh. ' You are not telling roe the truth.' ' S' help me — ' ' Stop ! When vou begin to swear to the truth of what you Fay, I always doubt you more. Brown ?' ' Yes, mother.' ' Tell me truth.' ' May I never die ? ' She put up her hand impatiently, and looked into his face. The poor battered waif let his head fall, and waited with his eyes steadily on the ground. ' Do you remember when you knew me first ? You don't forget tfie time when I saved you from the lash ; or, two years after, when I left food for you at the mouth of Stony Gap till tbe search was given up. You don't forget the time when suspicion fell on me through you, and I bore it ; when he would have put you in irons but for me. How often have you had food from these hands when you were sore put-bed ? How often have you eaten beside me at the door of lhat far-off house, and asked me how you could show vour gratitude ? How often have you vowed me a return, Brown?' There was no answer. The man's face was still held towards the floor. ?* You have done me many a faithful service since. You — fought at and beaten by the world at every turn, and in your stubborn anger striking out again. It was your loneliness and dreary years of persecution that mnde me help you. I saw you alone and chased, turning wildly in the unequal struggle, and 1 tried to befriend you in that time.' Her wrinkled hand was trembling, and her voice was un steady, but there was no other sign of feeling. ' If I did any of these things for you, look up at me, and tell me the story I wi6h to hear.' After a short silence—' My time has nearly come. It will not be long before the hand that was so willing to help you will be held towards you no more. I must see the boy before that time comes, and it is coming faster as the days pass by.' In the low room there was only the white woman, the dim candle, and the broad, bent figure breathing hard. ' Look here.' He raised himself slowly, and put the candle on the bed. ' The only one as ever I hed kindness off of were vou. From the time when I was took from the Sinks in England and sent out here I never got but a blow or a kick. Men looked in my face an wur down on me at oncest. I could not help it, an thought I were made for a down. I couldn't believe it when yer fine face — it were fiue then, mother — looked kind at me. Mv God, if ye hed asked me for my heart's blood ye'd a hed it, an ken now if ye want to. I'd a killed him for you if ye hed let me. See here, if that there hand had closed on his throat he'd a never spoke another lie against ye.' The speaker held bis furrowed palm to her, and closed his fingers upon it fiercely. 'If ye'd a let me ben hanged for him how better it 'd a bin than this worigal life, with, no more rest in it than a dingo's ! J iiu Brown would ha' slaved for yer, but he durstn't go where he's knew. He'd be took if he asked for honest work over there : that's what he'd be. Since yon time, mother, did I ever do anything for to fret ye?' ' Never before, Brown ; never before.' ' Ye shan't be fretted no more. Look at ray eyes ; it's the Brown ye befriended wot's spealdn, an if I 'did tell yer a lie it were so's not to worrit ye ; that's all. Listen.' 'Is the boy alive and well ?' ' He'B alive, an nearly well. He were shot.' ' Begin it ; I wish to hear the whole.' As he told her, her wanness grew, and the lines on her face deepened. She stroked the clean patched counterpane tremulously from time to time, but her eyes did not quit the square face of the speaker, nor did she interrupt nisi till the narrative was over. Then he took the candle away, and bent forward with his face to the ground once more. Both were long silent. The candlelight played on the rough crucifixion above her head, giving a curious look to the passion and long-suffering. In the gloom the tortured Christ seemed the only certain thing — she so ghost like and still, and he bowed in the shade. The shadow of the cross was upon the slab partition. She saw it, and audibly prayed — ' Holy Mother, have the lad in your keeping.' There was again a silence, while she con templated the shadow of her salvation looming big beside her. ' Brown.' ' Yee, ma'm,' answered the man, startled into moro respect than if a queen had spoken. ' The money is to be sent back.' ' I knew that afore you 6poke.' ' You know my wishes on the other matters.' ' Every one on 'em, ma'm.' ' Do you ever think of the time when you must follow me ? 'iour life will not be a long one.' ' No,' Brown replied, all the interest dying-out of his face ; ' nor don't care neither. Better now nor later, if ye are gone.' 14 Give me down the crucifix.' 'Afore ye begin, ma'm,' asked the man hoarsely, with an inexpressible tenderness undertoning the question, ' Keu 1 fix yer better?' 'No; no better. Take the crucifix.' He took it gingerly, and looked at it in sullen contempla tion. ' I want you to swear upon the holy cross that you will do what I ask of you.' The hand that held the symbol dropped it upon the bed as though it had stung him. ' That there, mother, is a thing wot I know nothink about ; that's wot the parsons swear on every day in the week ; but I know 'em better noryou do. If it's toyou' — he drew his hand over his working face — ' if it be to you, I'll give my promise ; no oaths : I know wot them is.' She listened with a reliant smile. ' Yes, that'll do better. Promise me that the lad's history will not be told by you, except at the last extremity.' ''Yes'm,' James answered, whisperingly, 'and you repeat your promises made to me before this time ? ' 44 That neither of you will ever harm him ? ' James promised with his voice in his throat. 41 That you will never lead the boy into temptation, and all through your years advise him against crime ? ' 44 That will I,' Brown responded, in a voice that shook the silence; 'ye needn't he v asked that of me, mother; that'6 all finished, howsoever ye hev my promise. But wnt's the nieanin of this promisin now, ye mustn't give in to fancy, ye know : you're only tired with waitin, that's all — tircd'with waitin, an through me.' He was standing up, and his hand crept over on the bed till his stiff* fingers touched hers; 'tired with waitin, mind ye, nothin more, ma'm: only tired like?' His fingers crept upon the wiinkledhand; ' I've often called ye ' mother,' that's my way, but I never had one I knew. Look, may I call ye mother, now, nieanin mother, an think on ye as that— as mine — ennyhow, ye'r the only one ever I had, an its lonesome an hardenin to be without the thoughts of one,' he could scarcely hear himself for the huskiness. 44 It's twenty years now since I knew ye, may I, m'am ?' She turned towards him with her face changed as though a shock of light had come to it, and iu her reverent solemn way, ' kneel down,' her sere hands found out the man's rugged head and rested there, while she looked at the cross upon the bed. ' Think of me as your mother, James — you goaded waif. Get up, my son.' He rose softly, with a new feeling, and looked out upon the coming dawn, but the clearing sky and red-topped hills j 6«med to him to swim in mist. ' There's another step outside : go and meet him ; do you hear it ? Are my senses failing : listen.' The man turned with hi6 head bent forward for a moment and passed from the room. She eat moveless in the struggling light of the day that : was being born, as shadowy ard vague as the gloom within, i till voices reached her, when her hand found the crucifix, and the silence heard her thanksgiving. ' 'Come here, my boy, and let me feel your hands ; hold tic candle close to your face, till I see your eyes again, and look at me with the bright look that has lightened my life so many years. You have come at last, Bryan, and you are wounded* I heard the story.' 44 But that is past.' 14 It must be past for ever. You and Mr. Mivere must meet no more in anger.' ?4 1 was only wounded in the shoulder, mother ; there was no real danger, and I came to you as soon ? ' 14 Yes, yes, you did : you came to me as soon as your strength permitted. What are you going to do, boy ? ' 44 Going to do?' asked Bryan, wonderingly, ' stay with you, mother, and try the old lead again.' She shook her head slowly, and looked longing]} into his -Boft eyes. ?4 Your time with me will be but short. Over yonder by the hills we were happy. It was the happiest time in my life. I hope it will not be the happiest time of yours. You are made for something better than a bushman and a struggle to keep the wolf away. Before you were twelve years of age your hands were hard with working for me. I can give you no return but a love that has never left me. You've heard of mothers' loves? Mine was stronger than the strongest. You grew upon me till you were my only joy. Stoop to me, Bryan.' He bent over her, and she put her arms round his neck and drew his head down to her's, while the sunrise lit them both. She held him therewith pent-up memories, the clasp of her arms growing closer. Then the strong face gave way to tears, and she lay back sobbing. 44 I've been told a life of suffering makes a blessing pre« dons. If I've lived patiently and bravely through thirty years of a broken life; if I've suffered persecution and undeserved shame ; if with all this I never once lost my trust in God, my blessing must be precious ; I give it to you, Bryan, praying that the Holy Virgin may keep you from all sin henceforth, and when death comes to you, may it be as happy and peaceful as mine is now, lighted up as we are with God's own glory to remind me of his farther shore.' The room was flushed with yellow light, and it fell radiating her face so strangely that the men were awed at a glory which seemed to be greater than the day. It poured into the room, filling and searching it, glittering on the young man's hair; softly on the dented face of the rebellious straggler with human passions and tyranny ; on the face of the dying, as strengthening her hope, and sym bolling the beyond, and the glory that shall be revealed. She loooked up with her great peaceful smile, so full of strength and tenderness, that Bryan put his hands before his face, pushing down his emotion. Brown's hard hand was clenched upon his cap, and his hard eyes held a dim forsaken look, covering fierce sorrow. The day rose up out of the misted gold of the morning to the clear 'sky and flooding sun; birds darted their colours through the creepers and past their flowers. The world was awake in the joy God gave it ; from throbbing shadows to glistening waters it was one grand glad day ; among the trees the soft checker work lay patterning on vivid green, but the hut was as quiet as a sanctuary and sacred as a minster. It held death. When tho pilgrimage was finally done, and the ruin had crumbled down; when in the motherly heart no thought of the eventful past could raise a throb, and when the firm face took the calmness of sleep, with the white hair bordering it like a snow wreath, Bryan Eat down in aimless stillness beside the silent bed, and held the dead hands. He dimly thought the mother's face had left him, and the voice had retreated where were no pursu ing years to burthen and whiten. He knew that the strange past in her life had lost the power to throw its shadow, and that the travel stains sorrowed her no more. Brown sat moodily down with his face to the floor in his bent attitude, which he changed from time to time, to give a quick glance to his companion. After a while he stole out and chopped ?wood savagely, and again returned to see 4- her boy ' in the same position. He silently made a fire in the outer room, and cooked some breakfast with the deftness of a bushman. Having brought it in and placed it before him he Stood patiently awaiting the result. When half an hour had/iearly passed Brown anxiously said, 11 Bryan, boy, hev yer breakfast. Look ye, she's took, an gone where she's better nor here. Take a bit, lad, from old Brown ; when ye were no higher nor my knee ye et with him among the hills she spoke on. Take some now, we three won't be together no more,' and he held a pannikin of tea towards him in his shaking hand, and saw him drink before he walked away and threw himself on the ground outside among the shadows. The day wore to its still noon, and life was everywhere, but when in the midst of the beauty that arched it all, Brown saw the old seat at the door vacant, he slunk further away with a dulled aching look, and wondered with a curse at the reason of his life. 