#0ro0moolia. ^ftjf Australian Faibt. Stoky, BY DONALD CAMERON. Autiusr of ' Scripopolis,' 'S&verwaterBendj;' etc., etc. m Dear Children, — I can see you all on this pleasant Christinas afternoon. The elders are playing cricket on the parched open, the younger are romping under the shade of the gum trees, or slumbering on the grass, fearless of the slimy snake that may be coiled not far off. And the erluttons of the flock, who have partaken too much of the tempting tart or the dyspeptic plum-pudding, recline in idleness, like young boacon strictors, who must hybernate a bit before they are able to frisk about. Well, dear boys and girls, it is too warm to exert oneself on such a day, and, therefore, come and gather around me, your innocent faces all wonderment, and listen to a pleasant fairy tale, all about Australia, and with none of those terrible ghosts and phantoms with which your cousins in England are now being regaled, while seated round the roaring fire listening to Grannie's tales, ' Afraid to whisper for the fear Of something terrible and near.' It wasn't many years ago when Harry Smith gave up city life and took up a selection in a wild part of the country where the soil was good, the water plentiful, and tibe forest deep. A great brawny man was Harry, huge of limb, kind of heart, strong of muscle, just the kind of man we want in this new hind. And he had a loving, hard-working wife, who made the journey of life pleasant to him, and two handsome children, Willie and Bessie, who were ten and eight years of age. Their parents loved them, and of an evening, when the work of grubbing and ploughing was over, and the oly-wnp fires burned brilliantly, husband and wife sat in their hut and taught their children whatever they knew themselves in the knowledge of this world, and reverently interpreted to them the teachings of that sacred book which should be a guide and a lamp to our feet. And a bright, peaceful life these good people led. Willie and Bessie never tired of roam ing in the forests, searching for flowers and ferns, seeking in vain to catch a glimpse of the melodious bell-bird, whose glorious song, heard in the roosssss of the wood, of ta-ta-ta-ta~ ye- wattes, was like m siren voice to them, «ow having a vision of the strange lyre bud, then oatnfcing a sight of the swift kangaroo, as it bounded by, or looking for the nests of the roselhw and cocka toos. In their wanderings they had dropped across many windfalls and picked up several pets. There was Mag, the magpie, whose existence was spent in a cycle of curiosity, alternately pluck ing up young plants by the roots to see how they grew, and hiding every thing that she thought valuable, from a pin to a big spoon. It was the children's opinion that no creature in the world could oock an eye and turn a head so shrewdly as Mag. They found her a featherleas, disreputable-looking nest ling, just fallen out of the nest one rainy day, and brought her home, she becoming their first pet. Hag had been taught some naughty words by the man Harry employed occasionally to help him, but several douses of cold water had cured her of the failing, and she was careful never to indulge in the prohibited lingo except when at a safe distance, and when engaged in encounters with pre datory crows, whose thefts Mag cordi ally hated, though herself the biggest thief that ever walked upon two legs. But Mag, no doubt, resembled some servants, who scruple not to rob their master, but who fly into a terrible rage if others poach upon their preserves. Next to Mag was Cocky, the cockatoo, and between the two no love was lost, though each united in common warfare against poor TSbby, the tortoiseshell cat. These two would watch puss until they saw her stretch herself on the doorstep, m the sun, to have a nap, and then both would peck at her, and fly off to the palings and shriek with delight. Cocky was the drollest of all birds, and went about imploring everyone to scratch his poll. Occasionally he would wander away, and, after an absence of a day or two, return considerably damaged. He would be very silent and sad for a while, and would mope on his perch, occasionally ejaculating, with much fervour, 'Poor Cocky.' In addition to these pets there were fowls, dogs, parrots, from the plain but intelligent rosella to the gorgeous but dumb king-parrot; a native bear, who slept all day, and two unique creatures, Joey the kangaroo, and Pipit the kangaroo rat. Joey was s dear, quiet thing, with great, mild eyes, who followed the chfldren everywhere, and over whom Rover, the intelligent colley, kept watch, wbile Pipit had to be kept in a box, and greit was the diversion he gave. He was fed on bread and milk, and it would make the most surly mortal laugh to see him sit up on his hind paws and wash his face with his paws as daintily as a lady. Well, I dare say you are asking where is the fairy. Well, children, learn to be patient. I wanted to show you how happy Willie and Bessie were, and how naughty it was of them to become discontented with their lot. This is how they became discontented. They were never allowed to enter a dense wood at the back of the hut. This wood exer cised quite an infatuation over them. On dark nights they stood at the back door and looked out into its gloomy recesses, and wondered what creatures made their abode in it. * On moonlit nights they watched the strange mingling of light and shadow, the waving of the branches, and shuddered as they listened to the deep sighs of the breeze as it passed through, Wie 'tnopdke, mopoke,' of the night-owl, the sharp cry of the dingo, and the mournful wall of the curlew. In daytime, especially in summer, how pleasant seemed its cool recesses. And, yet, I warrant much of its charm was owing to its being for bidden to them. They inherited Eve's failing. One day their parents were burning off rubbish on the land cleared for the plough, and the two were sitting alone under a tree, with their pets all around them — Cocky engaged in an encounter with the cat, and Maggie industriously hiding pebbles, under the impression, perhaps, that they were diamonds. ' Couldn't we just go a 'ittle bit in ?' queried Bessie, lifting her sun-browned face to Willie's in a pleading way. Oh! woman, ever 6ince Eve, the tempter. 'No, Bessie,' said Willie, ' we can't. Father says he'll beat us if we do, and mother says the blacks'll kill us. And you know that Nanny, the old gin, said that the Great Tree Spirit, Ooroonioolia, lived in there.' ' Oh,' said Bessie, with a great show of shrewdness, ' I don't believe what they said. Tou know mother told us there was poison in those bottles father brought from town, but it was syrup.' ' And didn't we get properly licked for trying it ?' asked Willie. ' Yes ; but they won't find us out this time,' urged Bessie. ' They won't come home till the ran is going down.' ?cNow, if Willie had been veryitwmgan the point, I dsnsnr b* would not have given in to Bessie, but he wasn't; he was fust as eager as has sister, only he didn't like to show it. Selfish fellow, like Adam, he thought if anything wrong came of it, andtheescapade wasduoovered, he would be able, as Adam did, to throw the blame on the gid. And so, after a little further argument, he gave in, and pre tended to follow her relnotantly, wW in reality he was as eager as herself. It was a still, hot day ; no wind blew, no cloud dimmed the deep blue sky or its golden horizon ; and yet the warmth was not oppressive, for the heat was dry,' and there was no miasma or moisture in the air, which was dear and pleasant to breathe, though attenuated. In the forest there was a deep shade, a pleasant Silence, a great sense of rest. The birds had taken to shelter in the thick foliage of the cherry and apple trees, and the noisy voices of the magpies, cockatoos, and other loquacious habitants, of the wood were silenced. The cicada sang, it is true, but with a subdued chirp that seemed to make a part of the silence. Only now and then the sweet notes of of the bell-bird swelled upon the air, and its aerial melody enchanted the ear. The children wandered on through the wood hand in hand, looking out for the wonders which they expected to find there. But there came nothing. No ogre peeped out from behind a tree — only a kangaroo-rat, disturbed in its nest, jumped up before them. No old crone, on child's flesh intent, hobbled up — only a great black snake, that lay on the path, uncoiled itself and rippled away through the grass — that, I think, is the best term to use for the movement of a snake. It was refreshing for the children to come to a small watercourse that ran through the wood, cheerily singing as it passed over the pebbles and stones. The day was so warm that Willie at once proposed what is known in the country as a 'bogie,' that is a bath in the limpid stream, and he had half undressed, when, on the other side of tie little rill, he beheld a graceful lizard basking in the sun. Surely never had gem such colours, for as the sunbeams danced over it, blue, gold, green, flashed out dazzlingly. Bessie peered over Willie's shoulder, and Willie was working up Ma courage to grasp the pretty thing, when, presto ! it seemed to fade, and in its place arose a blue-winged butterfly. The children had no hesitation in running after this airy creature, and, heedless that they were bare-footed and in dishabille, off they started to catch the lovely thing. The chase was not long, for the butterfly alighted on the grass, and in its place appeared a beautiful parasol flower, richly crimsoned. The children were about to seize this when it vanished, and there was only a dry fuzzyhead, as a kind of daisy-like flower is called, the seeds of which are contained in a fuzzy kind of head. ' I wonder where the pretty thing's gone ?' queried Willie. ' Where all Fancy's children go,' said a deep voice; and, turning round in affright, they saw a tall, black man, who was watching them with a venomous look. ' I was the lizard, the butterfly, the flower. Ye are like older children, ye fly after what is pretty and bright, and leave solidity and safety behind. Under that guise I lured you into my dominions, and ye are now mine, mine.' 'Bui you uioet set tbem the task,' said another voice, and, looking round, the children saw a golden-haired lady, wonderfully resembling a wattle-tree in blossom, if it had features and form. ' I claim them as mine, the children of the wattle blossom.' The boy and girl now saw that the black man vastly resembled an iron bark-tree. ' Not till they do the task,' retorted the Spirit of the Iron Tree. The children looked with astonish ment around them. Every tree, shrub and plant, appeared to have become ani i mated, each a human type of the species. 1 The graceful myall danced in the sun shine, the sombre ehe-oak drooped like a mourner, the gnarled red-gum seemed an old, toothless, rickety beldame. The larger trees seemed ogres, eager to devour, and the smaller cowered at their glances, save the wattle, who stood i guard over the children. I 'The task, then, the task!' cried ? the Wattle Spirit, with a wave of her baud, which diffused a wonderful . fra grance. ' It is,' cried the Spirit of the Iron Tree, ' that they will fetch me the i choicest thing in this wood within two i hours. Go !' ; The wattle seemed to pity the children , ; but appeared powerless to help them ; ; aud so the poor little things bad to go their way. What could be the most precious thing they knew not. Willie thought it wts jtMt ana -|qfc*f Isc grains of the $rMfcms *AtaL*1t4m+ fancied it way Ito 'lihUiifct 'ibwfcr. - Long t% wandered, tufifl -bTstt- sank bound tfcfe 1i3b led -!*? glorious light of the moon feB ttbon &? VTOOQa GTeatffiSf IUEDSB ' V^IjA' ' VDttttOS^B -^ marveHoualy beautiful. At 'tfl£tw»gj^,. were about thro wingtbenwelves dbwit.|B despair, when the trMStgtfar riijjjjiij . and than wen the ir0tt-4rM Wlfc» watUe. ' Well,' cried the Spirit of &? Iiofc Tree,'haveyoufoWdthechoioesttlattX j in the forest?' ^^ '-A The wattle seemed in great pain m V she watched Hie answer. W ' We have not found it,' said WiOEe, ? looking up with honest syce. ? The Iron-Tree gave a great sigh: to 1 when a storm peases fhrougbitsbranciMS, - 1 and became at once a free, and notUnf 1 more, as did the ottien, save the watte? 1 ' Yes, you have, children,' she satO, ? with a benignant smile. 'The onotosst m thing in this wood is the truth.' 1 'They are here -they axe here!' 1 cried Harry Smith, bounding to the ?&?- j of the little stream when Borer was 1 barking joyously at two sleeping forms cuddled up in each other's sons. ' I knew the dog was right.' 'Heaven be praised!' cried his wife* her face illuminated with joy, as tfc* - moonlight streamed upon it. And ah* » kissed them until they awoke. 4 ' Oh, father,' cried Bessie, 'we hare seen ogres, and giants, and fairies, and the tree spirit Ooroomoolia.*V ' And what did they teach you, sweet one ?' he asked, as lie clasped her to fab breast and made for home. 'That the choicest thing in the wood was truth, father,' replied Bessie. ' Then, child, they wen from Heaven, for the choicest tiling — not, only ia ***** - forest, but in the world— is Truth !' Thb Just abd the UnvuBT. — The- good man slammeib lite sate and baag eth the door, and m&keth; » noiseTiSr his heart is without gufle and he feeretb not file grievous words of bis wife ; but the naughty man shutetu t&e; gate softly, and stealefh upstairs in bis ?look- ing feet, and stumbleth over the rookmg chair, and the last condition of Hut msa is worse than the first. They saw a beautful lizard. 