Mr. Garrett and the City Improvement Board. Mr. Cohen's motion about the appointment of Mr. Garrett, a member of the Assembly, to a seat upon the City Improvement Board was withdrawn on Tuesday , after Mr. Garrett had resigned the seat in question. Had it been carried, a -censure would have been passed upon the Government for making the appoint ment, Yet Sir Henry Parkes, on witnessing the result of the debate, said ' he must say he did not feel very satisfied on the subject.' What would liave satisfied him? Appa rently, he would have preferred a divi sion upon the motion. But Mr. Garrett evidently preferred to anticipate a divi sion, and it is not a strained in ference that, in his judgment, the motion was likely to be carried. It is possible, if not probable, that Mr. Garrett saved the Government from an embarrassing defeat, and thus gracefully rendered a return for the good-will shown to him by the Government, It must have been discouraging to find that the service was not more highly appreciated. Air. Garrett has not always been a sup porter of Sir Henry Parkes ; and, on the other hand, Sir Henry Parkes lias not always appeared to be a firm believer in Mr. Gar rett. There have been occasions when his conduct suggested the existence of something like a bias the other way. But, since the formation of the present Ministry, it has been clear that the clouds which floated between the two hon. members when they sat on opposite sides of the House have ceased to obstruct their vision. The Premier is now able to recognize, not only Mr. Garrett's power to serve in the House the party to which be belongs, and to harass its opponent* but his fitness to serve the public outside in' a position which requires indisputable ia tegrity as well as capacity on the part of the man who holds it. The members of the City^ Improvement Board will, when the Art bM come (uUy into operati,*, have delicate functions to discharge and considerable pecuniary interests more' or less within their keeping. The nature of their office is such that they can hardly be expected to fill it with satisfaction to th® public unless they possess in the highest degree the unquestioned confidence of the public. To that position Mr. Garrett was appointed by the Premier ; and it is difficult to imagine in what more striking way the Premier could have made reparation for any thing he may have done or said in the paat which could be construed as indicating att unfavourable judgment of the hon. mem ber's character, or how he could hare expressed with greater emphasis the strong sense of Mr. Garrett's thorough trustworthiness which has grown up in. his mind tinder the influence of closer and more favourable relations. Mr. Garrett has surrendered the position ; but he will not forget that he was appointed to it ,by Sir Henry Parkes. He seems to us to have shown a tendency to underestimate- possi bilities in the one case; but he is not likely to undervalue facts in the other. . -Nor will other people who are acquainted with the circumstances. In announcing the resignation of his seat upon the Improvement Beard, Mr. Garrett said he had taken a course which he thought would fairly settle the matter, if hon. members were only actuated by a desire to see the law of Parliament carried out. The case, however, is one that ought to have been settled by the law of the country, as laid down within the four corners of the Constitu tion Act. The Constitution Act provides that any person who holds an office of profit under the Crown is incapable of being eleoted a member of Parliament, and that, when a member accepts Buch an office, his seat in Parliament is thereby rendered vacant. In our view, Mr. Garrett has been illegally and improperly sitting in the Assembly from the day when he accepted the appointment in ques tion until now. Whether the Government violated the spirit of a resolution of the Assembly in appointing him is only a question between the Government and the Assembly. But whether Mr. Garrett is or is not at the present moment member for Camden is a question between him and the law of the land, in which everybody who desires that the law shall be upheld is interested. This question was raised by Mr. Cohen's motion in October last, but it is to this day undecided. Mr. Cohen moved that it be referred to the Com mittee of Elections and Qualifications, the tribunal appointed by the law to inquire into and decide upon such matters ; but the House, led by the Government, refused to refer the question, and it remains still in suspense. Perhaps, under the rules of Parliament, it can not be raised again this session ; but there is nothing to prevent its being revived in the next. Certainly it was not settled by the pro ceedings on Tuesday night. The only difficulty there is in the matter lies in the interpretation of the Constitution Act. Do the phrases, ' an office of profit under the Crown ,' and the acceptance of t( an office of profit from the Crown,' exclude or include offices of profit when the profit does not come directly from the Crown, though the appoint ' ment, and therefore the power to make the profit, do ? The difficulty vanishes when a single thought is given to the manifest object of the provision: that is, to prevent (as far as possible) corrupt transactions between the Government and members of Parliament — to prevent Governments from selling appoint ments to members for votes, and members selling votes for appointments. Unless the provisions of the Constitution Act were intended to have that effect, they are meaningless. If they were intended to have it, then it is a matter of indifference whether the profit which an office may bring comes directly from the Crown, or in the shape of fees from other people. If the gift of an office that was worth a thousand a year could be regarded as a possible bribe when the money came in the shape of a salary from the Treasury, it would be equally a bribe when the money was received in the shape of fees. On the opposite theory, the law could be evaded by creating offices without salary, but with the command of ample fees, for the express purpose of packing the Assembly. Judging from some of our latest telegrams, there i# another movement on foot to alter the map of Europe It would seem that England and Germany have been putting their heads together, with the consent o France and Austria, and that the result is a proposal w give Germany an extended seaboard, England tho con trol of Asiatic Turkey, and Austria the possession o Constantinople. Russia, who is reported to be ing of internal reforms, has no hand in these propose® changes ; and there is no mention of any arrangemen^ in the interest of France, who is still bent °®,a,COI1p ciliatory policy. Turkey has again got into a et&teo; collapse ; and, if there be anything in this latest of news, she is at last to make her preparations giving up the ghost. If Germany is to go seaboard extended, it must of course be in direction of the North Sea or the ^ ? Bismarck has often said that- the country vaM — SHir Bea ifl little or no concern of his. ^ithE_rlTtook in the Sclileswick- Holstein affair Se^n aTone of the best deeds of his life. lf loots BP°» Germany would have no objection to Without geaboard- Austria also might be sifsteBf0?nokwith special, favour on any arrange fjpected to w ' -e her ^ possession of Constant^ t that woul P. tt ^ questi0Iied whether Greece the event with composure, and whether Fcald wat®. Quid be a good thing for Europe or the ffCh a stop * annexation of Asiatic Turkey forM. /f l^ai outcome of an English protec FtuJd t* 01 Minor. But France would Ke °Zk with complacency on any such turdly 1(*Tfor ^e division of the spoils of Turkey; »n»n^m™sEible ^at any move in these directions si3 '4 1S. r_ j-rance, Russia, and Italy nearer than f0ald !®gnt. The speeches which Mr. Gladstone tjejjreatp . gcotlandj however, convey that tfct4611 jjniomacyis again active, and that Austria EuroP^11 iLtcr headway in the south of Europe than ^ShLiberal party approve of. We may also the the Turks are again in bad odour in P&f; r1 and that, strange as it may seem, ? d Turkey are once more on the best of jnsas anTur- jt is Baid, has no intention tenB5' nnt the reforms she has so solemnly covenanted 10 Can\te and Russia is backing her up in this. The 10 fr nrogramme of the Liberal party as laid down if Gladstone comprises the independence of the provinces and the leaving of Turkey proper in i ds of tbe Turks. It is a little remarkable that, tbe Tory party is suggesting the propriety of rff the Turk off, the Liberals should be proposing 11 in liim in his place ; but the inconsistency is 'fjlw to. Mr. Gladstone ml U. pily Tit no more annexations ; and, to avoid any increase *f ' Fnzlish responsibilities in the East, they would let ie rulers of the East alone. ? This the Indian Viceroy does not seem to be able -]o Yalioob Khan is said to have been taken to Pesha'wur under arrest, and to be in the hands of tha British authorities. Yakoob's offence has not to disclosed ; but no one _ will be sur rised if it turns out that he is as bad as the Lt of the Afghans, and that he is really responsible tea food deal of the trouble that has been given to England at CabuL The English trouble in Ireland is stSjon the increase, and the excitement consequent upon it seems to have extended to London. Fifty thousand people, so it is 'said, have assembled at Hyde Part to protest against the treatment by the English Government of the chiefs of the Irish agitators. Kil len, one of the ringleaders, has been found guilty of using seditious language, and in his case bail has been refused. The Pope, who has written a letter to the Archbishop of Dublin, condemns the agitation, and argues that the Imperial Government is doing all that the Irish people have a right to expect. Mr. Gladstone does not] appear to think so, and has promised a sop to the Home Rulers in the shape of an autonomous government, by which, however, Ireland would probably be made a colony instead of a kingdom, — a concession which might be accepted until the time came for asking for something more. A local Govern ment might stop the tongues of Irish agitators ; but that alone would not fill the mouths of Irish tenants. What these want is the right to control the landlords, to say what rent they shall pay, and whether they shall pay rent or refuse it. Autonomous govern ment is not likely to give these, and for that reason it mild probably fail to put an end to the miseries of Ireland. The steps which, at the instance of the Imperial Government, are* being taken in Canada to establish a reserve force of 10,000 men, to be engaged in the Dominion and abroad, are doubtless the first towards the Betting up of the colonial self-defence of which we have heard so much of late. It is not improbable that in a short time similar measures will be taken regarding South Africa and Australia. The news that the relations between the Khedive of Egypt and the King of Abyssinia are strained in consequence of the hostile attitude of the latter, trifling as it may appear, is of interest to the civilized world ; for whatever affects the fate of Egypt inust affect the commerce of nations, and the relations between England and France, and possibly the rest of Europe, The hon. member for Windsor, unless his sense of perception has been considerably weakened of late, must ere this have arrived at the conclusion that his country does not appreciate his efforts to provide this flty with tramways leading to all its suburbs. Twice ™ been foiled by count- outs, which at best are most unsatisfactory proceedings. Under the circum toees peihaps it would be better if the hon. member id not make another effort. The residents of the ™-urbs will never tamely allow the right of construct ugtramroadB, or, more properly, railroads, to be given to -®y private company. The protest entered by those who ended the meeting at Woollahra against allowing 0 ® S^t privilege to a few gentlemen as that of iW v111® ^ m^es tramroads possibly expresses i °f nearly all the suburban residents. We mvv tr ^or many years, the inhabitants of Rand \ verle7. Woollahra, the Glebe, and Newtown, iflfli ')la£ue-l by the wretched means of transit tictMrf j'V I:-us proprietors, and tho recollections of doubtless, have led to the fears for the future: \- ii6 who perforce have had to travel day after day warns16'56 the idea of further trusting to teai^t- and commodious tramcars would JtniK ' t upon the rickety slow coaches *ould u 0U roadB J but the grave question arises, Hariri !i new sy8tem be carried out after a better j](h0.'f an the old ? The Government railways, been w i110*1 faultless, have generally tt!na»pd appreciated. They have been well 1ft Hip fr' i knowin£ this the public say, tin a.m® 'e laid by the Government. It is plain TYofW u deling ; and the Hon. the Minister far Pr°eced with his scheme, for he *b(® tii v UPon 6trong support. The persons of tire Ka .e member for Windsor is the representor Tit ,Mi. j J00 ®mch, and offer rather too little, it ^ °* fares 6et forth in the bill seem, iy 'l... e. of the present charges made ' , P^prietors, far too high. In fact, the leau50 th^T are rePTOduced, and simply profits, ti ramway Company mean to make large fcfnt. * , ®e. would not be required by the Govern ^Tc,tfd f a iafer,e£t 011 the outlay and a fund to be for th. p maintenance of the lines would suffica fciE« rm-ilein]?ei1*' kut not for a company. The vj. , . ' a™r a trial of the lines, fix a scale of l^ d afford ,you*d be barely remunerative, and they (Cl^dent th i amount of satisfaction which we feel e ktter never would succeed in doing. 