MY STUDY CHAIR. A VERY" STRANGE STORY. AT the age o£ 30 I found myself alraosl alone in the world, but in possession of an annual income sufficient to furnish the necessaries and some of the comforts of a bachelor life, and acquirements which had only to be put to use in order to be pecu niarily productive. I did not choose at first to devote myself to any remunerative occu pation, but determined to indulge in two or three years’ ’amateur application to ray favourite pursuit of chemistry. -I was city bom and city bred, and in the city lived the only friend I possessed, so in the city I resolved to remain. I accordingly searched the suburbs for some cheap office, where X might erect my laboratory and pursue my labours of love in undisturbed retirement. At length in a side street, from which the tide of population seemed to have ebbed, I observed, jammed in between two. taller, half-inhabited tenements, a small gTey, one storied erection, which looked- like what X wanted. Its one window was closed and dirty, which, • with two or three broken panes, told of continued non- occupation. I ferreted out the factor, or landlord as he turned out to be, a grimy old man who kept a rag store further along the street, and learned that the house had been tenantless for a couple of .years, but was in all respects substantial, weatherproof, and inhabitable. A few steps led up from the street to the door, which opened upon a narrow passage, at the other end of which was a door lead ing, the old man told me, to the back court. Another door to the left admitted into a small front room, which again communi cated directly with a larger apartment lighted from the back. These two apart ments formed the whole accommodation, but it was enough for me. The back apartment would do for my working room, and the front for a sort of study, where I could read, write, and keep some books and papers. It seemed partially fitted up for this sort of thing already. A desk was fitted into a recess near the window, and before it stood a regular study chair, with cushioned arms, and back set at the proper angle for a com fortable recline in moments of meditation. On handling the latter I found it turned conveniently on a central pivot, so that you could either face the window, the desk, or the fire as you felt disposed. “How come these to be here?” I asked my companion, who was eyeing me rather anxiously as I made my brief examination, “ Well, sir, the truth is, I can only let you the place—and a nice self- contained house it is—on condition that them things get standing.” 11 That’s a strange condition.” “ He was a queer chap as made it." I looked for further inquiry. “ The man who owned it, and died in it ten years since, was a queer chap ; he gave me't on the footing that I should not remove the fixtures. These two things were the only real fixtures ; so I suppose you can do. with them?” “ You have had tenants since ?” “ 0, yes 1 a broker had it for two or three years, and a factor had it for his office—but these things suited them. Not as I would be very sticking—only—he was a queer chap: I did jobs for him, and he got summut familiar with me, but”—and he looked round apprehensively—“ he was a queer chap.” How queer ?” “ I don’t exactly know—he had a lot of funny things he called '■apperaytus,' and he once put me in a queer state, and made me see things, and tell him what I saw. He was queer so”—looking round again—“I would as soon do os he 6aid about the r‘ All right; they will just suit me, I think,” The rent ho named was low, so I took the place, got the keys, and for the next few weeks was busy getting my premises into order, and transporting into the back room the miscellaneous collection of chemical stuffs and itnpl emcc.ts I had been accumu lating for years. At length my furnace was going, tny retorts bubbling, and some expe riments in progress which, like many an other young chemist, I dreamed were to lead up to a grand discovery fraught with fame to myself and benefit to all mankind. At the end of a few days constant work in the laboratory, I achieved some results which I thought it necessary to chronicle with carefulness. Retiring to my study, which ^ ' had furnished with a table, a co.up.ie of common chairs, and a book sack", I seated myself at tho desk, la,i,d Cftt my papers, and proceeded i,9, m^te aopious momorandas. After'.'having been so seated for about a tpuiricr of an hour, a strange thing happened I full into a sort of trance. The walls of ttie room seemed to dissolve away, and I seemed to see into the interior of a quite different apartment, in which the first thing that arrested my attention was the figure of a lorely young girl seated at a small round table, with her eyes,, it seemed to me, gaging intently 'into' x^tine. She seemed to !fave, been sewing, but her hands hri,d fatlen iiito'ker lap, and she sat still as a statue, gazing. She was lovely, but an attraction stronger than that of mere beauty seemed to drag my soul out towards her, I could hardly withdraw my eyes from her to glance round the roam in which she was sitting. It seemed a modoratoly-sized sitting room, furnished according to middle-class ideas q£ oomfort. In one corner stood a sort of conch on which some person was lying, but whose face I could not see. In the opposite corner stood a cabinet of carved walnut, with two rows of books above it j an easy chair stood on one side of the fire place, on the mantelpiece weroan antique timepiece and two Grecian vases of a pecu liar form, and on the hearthrug a terrier dog lay c«rled, I had a strange feeling of great distance from these objects, combined with one of absolute nearness. I felt them to be far away, but saw them with such distinct ness ns was only reconcilable with nearness. Before I could again fix my eye9 on the girl something seemed to interpose, and I now only saw what I supposed to be the outside of the house, into which somehow I bail been looking; a small two-windpwed’cottage, with a narrow garden in fpSjit—a high road winding past—a iff tie further on tho gate way, as; if Seemed. of some palatial resi (fephe, the two massive pillars with some un defined sonlptures on the top—they might he lions, they might be griffins, they might bo Bphlnxes—and, in the distance, peeping over a clump of trees, the spire of a church. I saw it all for what seemed only a fovv momenta ns clear and distinct as a picture ; then a gradual fading away—a s'drt of awakening shock—and \ wits sitting at my desk with the blank wall before me. What did 'it' mean ? I asked myself, as I agairf-felt the pen i» my hand, and saw the paper before me with the Inst writtten word hardly dry. Had I dropped into a short doze, and dreamed a vivid dream ? Or was it some mental creation which had become for a few moments so strongly objectified'? Anything of the latter-kind was quite new to my experience. 9/ course 1 had often di-eeiped vivid, dftajns, but had always been quite aware, that I had dreamed—that I had bben asleep. "I shook myself, and went on with' my work, finished it, and went home for the day. For the next day or two I was busy expe rimenting, At first the face I had seen in my dream kept continually thrusting itself hefore mo. It had a strange and unaccount able attraction for me. It Becmcd to be the face I had hitherto been seeking but never yet found. Female beauty had heretofore delighted my eyes without touching my heart, but the very thought of the fair girl I had seen in my dream thrilled me through ‘ and through. The impression,' however, gradually, weakened, aqd. 99 the third, or fourth day, when I pat down to. continue the literary part of my sclf-.imposed task, I dUl qq with % rednd full only of dry chemical facts. After being SA employed for about-the same length 5 time the same phenomenon occurred, A feeling as if clouds were melting from around me—the same cottage interim' seem ing so near, and yet bo far : tho same young girl—lady she seemed—hut not now seated at the little round table—standing by the coueh as if ahe had been ministering to the one reolining there—turning half round and gazing at me with the same blue, liquid eyes. She looked about twenty—in the bloom of young womanhood. I could now see her figure, which, draped in light bine was as graceful as her face, framed in braids of golden hair, was lovely. My eyes did not wander from her till snea agifih I seemed to retire slowly within'-'myself-i-the out side of tfie cottage—the road, along which a waggon,"loaded with’. bags of grain, was slowly -moving, guided by a countryman in the unmietakable garb of an English labourer —and. so distinct that I.coulff read the name on, the aide plate—the mounted pillars—-.the tpee3,in the distance, and the. cfi.nrok s'pjre— 'then's dimness oyer all—a Blight shook— and the walls of my own room, the desk, and the papers 1 I got up in agitation and walked up and down the room, wondering what it could mean. I could not have again nodded, and dreamt over again the self-same d ream ? Surely I was the victim of some extraor dinary hallucination ? Something had gone wrong with the'brain, that delicate instru ment of the mind. But that figure!—the blue eyes, the golden hair, the slim nymph like form, the appealing look ! Had I only seen, or dreamed of her, or fancied I saw her twice f It seemed as if I had known her for years. I went out with the intention of calling on Ned Baxter, to whom I have already casually referred as the only friend I pos sessed, and laying the matter before him. I did not. however, do so. I shrank with an unconquerable reluctance from speaking to any one about my singular experience. But when the same thing occurred again and again at intervals of about three days— always, too, when seated at my desk—re pealing to me the same room, the same girl, the same outdoor scene—I could maintain I silence no longer. I was getting muddled, falling into a state of half dream, in which the fair vision always floated before me, and | becoming unfit for work or any settled occupation. Ned Baxter and I bad been chums from boyhood. We were about the same age, and he was a bachelor like myself. Ho was something connected with the law, and had chambers in the business part of the city. He was seated alone in his sanctum indulg ing in a cigar when I went in with the view of unburdening my mind to him. “ Have you a few minutes to spore, Ned ?” I asked. “ I should think so ; too many of them. Clients, are scarce. They seem to know I am not blessed with the necessity of pro viding for a wife and young 'uns, and dis tribute their patronage accordingly. Draw in tlie consulting chair; there’s the cigar box—but what’s the matter 1 Toa look confoundedly scared.” “ The strangest thing has happened.” “ You look as if you had 6ecu a ghost.” “ I am not eure but I have,” “ Ha, ha, ha I". ‘‘ Ho be serious for a little, Ned. I want your opinion.” “ Have you got the fee ready 1 But come, I am serious ; let as hear all about it.” Deliberately, but not without much mental pain, I gave a circumstantial account of my last three weeks. At the close he seemed inclined to laugh, but checked himself. I knew what he was going to say before he said it. “ Something wrong here, old fellow," and he pointed, not to his forehead, but to his stomach. “ I am in perfectly bodily health,” I said. “ So you think—so you think—hut—you want my advice ? Well, here it is. Come with me to Terry Brown’s and let him see your tongue.” “ Pshaw !” “ You know Terry ; at least you have seeu him here. A little crotchety, but sensible, and grave enough. Let him examine you first, and then tell him the whole story. He won’t laugh at you nor babble about it afterwards, and will give you better advice than I can.” Eventually I consented. We proceeded together to Dr.® Brown’s consulting room, fonnd him, fortunately disengaged, and I was submitted to him as a patient who felt out of sorts, but did not know what was wrong. “ Some screw loose, Terry ?” “ What are the symptoms ?” “ Give us a touch of your scieuce first. Afterwards, we havo some evidence to put in which may justify your finding.” My tongue leas looked at, my pulse felt, other operations gone through, and several questions, which Ned allowed as not “ lead ing ones,” asked and answered. “ Thera are no indications," Dr. Brown at length said, “ of any physical derangement. A little nervous excitement—that is all— which should soon wear off.” “Nothing wrong with the digestion, Terry?” “ I should say 1 no.' ” Then between us we made the doolor acquainted with the oircuinstanoes which had really led to our visit. He listened silently, and with wrapt at tention, “ There rs nothing,” he said when we had done, “in your physical condition that would warrant me in treating you for mono mania, but tho brain is a strange—a myste rious organ. It works many abnormal pranks. Your condition in these—trances let us call them—is something like clair voyance.” “ There yon go t" cried Ned. “ Da you still believe in that sort of thing 1” " One must believe \yhat they have seen and proved.” “ Thera is no use arguing with you, Terry; but what do. you advise our friend here ?" “ I should like to see the room where the affections occurred.” “ Let us adjourn thither at once then ; about a mile’s walk, I think, Anty ?" My name was Anthony, but Ned always disTespeotfully shortened it so. I agreed, so we all three proceeded to wards my laboratory. As we went up the stairs to the door Dr. Brown cast his eyes over the smoke-be dimmed building. “ You were always seated in this chair ?” Baid he when wo had got inside. “ Always.” “ Will you sit down now ?” II I need not; the fit was on me to-day, and I never have them at less intervals than three days.” “ Ah I the magnetic flnid exhausts itself.” “ Ha, ha, ha 1" It was, of coursa, Ned who laughed. “ I will test it myselfand the doctor eat down before the desk. “Let us have a smoke,” Baid Ned ;. and we sat smoking and talkiag. about half- an hour, without anything unusual occurring with Dr. Brown. Notrspjjort-,” murmured he, as he got k Ha, ha t" laughed Ned. “ Lot me try it." “ It’s no use." The doctor was turning and examining the chair. An iron bar led from the seaf to a socket in the floor, in which it y^oxked. “ What is below ?" he asked. “ A cellar 1" “ Not that I know of, I don't know.” I had nere'fyid.'the door at the Deck end of the passage open, so could say nothing . about’'it.' ■ ” “ We’ll soon see,” said Ned, leading the way along the short passage, turning the key which stood in the lock, and revealing a flight of about a dozen stops, terminating on a level with the court. We descended, and foun,d the back wall a dead mass of groy stone, excepting the ono window which, lighted my laboratory. At the foot of- the 6fairs, still inside the passage, there, was a blank piece of wall smoothly : plastered over. We were passing this on returning from our inspection when Ned struck it firmly with his knuckles. “ Stop !" said be, and struck it again once or twice ; “ bring a hammer, Anty.” With the hammer he struck the wall firmly in several places, and at or.e part it gave back a distinctly hollow sound. (To be continued.) Seven births and one death, took place at Williamstowu (luring: the week ending on the 5th inst. At I'ootscray there were six births, and thedeafh rate was nil, 