VICTORIA. The Bendigo Advertiser understands that a young lady, occupying a position as teacher in Mr. Hoskins' school, Ironbank, has lately had left her, by the death of an undo, a legacy amounting, it is stated, to allege. A Melbourne firm are now prepared to supply the necessary apparatus for the destruction of rabbits by bisulphide of carbon',' consisting of cans of various sizes, cups, funnels, syphons,-' etc, paid rods with spiked pads for thrusting balls of saturated cotton into the burrows. Anthony, the railway porter, who had both his feet cut off by a train, is stated to be going on favourably. Mr. William Pitt, the well-known lessee of the Cafe de Paris, Melbourne, who was at one time 8C GIRO artist at the Royal, died on Monday, at the age of 69. He had been ill for some weeks. The admirers of the articles which for a very considerable time past have appeared about once a fortnight under the heading of " The Essayist," in the columns of the Australasian, will no doubt be glad to hear that Mr. Richard Bindon, barrister-at-law their talented author, is about to publish a well chosen adoption from their number in a separate form. ; '" '? The distress amongst artisans and laborers is acknowledged to be greater at the present time (says the Telegraph) change; has ever been before in Victoria. Scores of men may be seen congregated at the shoot Cooroora and on the wharves daily with nothing to do, and their complaint is that they can- not obtain employment of any description. The writer of Gossip in the Barrage A declare says assailing M Dobie, Billing ought to got the judgeship. The latter has been often retained for the Crown in important trials, and his claims are pre- eminent. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is not the stamp at all for a judge. The current idea is persistently that the billet is saved up for Michie, in the event of air. Byny taking thoAgont- Ucfieriilsliip.',' The police (writes the Daily Telegraph) are still prosecuting the search for the missing woman, Jljin. Farrall, but without the slightest success. The police are still certain that something will transpire which will lead them on the trade towards miss veiling the chair. Major Couchman has reported that the people of Sandhurst use 90 gallons of water per head each day, whilst the consumption in Melbourne to easily 52 gallons per day. Prayers for rain (remarks the Ballarat Star), it not a'ipcuil¡iig Oom high Many, are, at least, one, rug daily from the lips of our district farmers and graziers. The continued, hot, dry weather, with a baking aliiio"|iliorc1 in telliiigdisnatrouBly; all round the country side, grass is burnt up, fencing is taking fire, and water is giving out, Farmers look and feel melancholy, and, generally speaking, the summer of 1879 ushers in a wide-spread bucolic grow), \- The Commissioner of Customs has forbidden the, capture of Californian salmon, in the various streams of Victoria, till January 1st, 1882, under the terms of the 20th clause of the Fisheries Act, which renders '| any person liable to a fine of £20 for every offence, The Age says it is probable that Colonel Stewart, R.E., a well-known and experienced officer at press- I enter England, will be invited totaketho position of engineer to supervise the defences of all the colonies, on the recommendation of Sir William Jervois. I Mr. D'Arcy Head, whose ghost illusions have become so popular throughout the colonies, sustained a serious loss at Ballarat by the destruction of a large sheet of glass necessary to the production of his phantom visitors. He has replaced it. There was some excitement in St. Leon's Circus, Ballarat, on Friday last. There were over 2,000 people in the tent, and at about twenty minutes past eight o'clock, without any warning, part of the seats, rising 5ft. or 6ft. in height, gave way, precipitating about 200 people to the ground. Two or three were slightly hurt, and confusion, scream- ing, and fainting, were general. As soon as order was restored, some more seats fell, and 200 more people found themselves on the ground. That was enough ; a good many people went home. There appears to be some probability that the Western Meat Preserving Company will resume operations about the middle of March, provided that the manager can obtain rabbits, delivered at the factory, at a price which promises to be remunerative The team of cricketers from Canterbury played six matches in all in Victoria, of which they have won three-those against the Ballarat, East Melbourne and Richmond clubs ; while they have lost to Melbourne, South Melbourne and the Bohemians. The mention of the discovery in Sydney of a portrait of Shakspeare on panel, bearing date HSU, has led, curiously enough, to the production of another, also on panel, bearing date 1610. It has (says the Argus) been in the possession of Mr. Ellis, of the Duke of Devonshire Hotel, High street, at Kilda, for the last five-and-twenty years, and he says he can trace it back for ninety years previously. The yield of gold in the colony during 1878 was 735,754nz , as against 799,919 in 1877. The Victorian Cabinet are most anxious to promote the success of the Sydney Exhibition, not alone in the interests of Victoria, but also of the whole of the colonies. An agent for the Victorian exhibitors is to be appointed in Sydney, find it will be his duty to note the successes and efforts of the Sydney exhibition, and to secure the most noteworthy exhibits for that of Melbourne. The secretary of the National Agricultural Association (says the Portland Guardian), believes that a remedy for fluke has at length been discovered, At all events he will give the discoverer the chance of proving its efficacy. The fortunate individual is a poor man named Herbert, who says he has proved his specific at Western Port, and will stake his existence on its curative virtues. Miller's sweep on the Champion Race, run in Melbourne on New Years' Day-£1,000-fell to the ticket held by four residents in Casterton. The holder of the ticket (says the Border Watch) tried to give his partners the slip by clearing out when he received the remittance. This getting wind, led to row, in which house the would-be better took refuge in was considerably damaged. He eventually agreed to disgorge, and the rioters have paid for the damage done. 