IF over 1000 men are oat of employment ill Melbourne, ana there is felso a scarcity cf work ill the country districts, what would be the state of the working classes at tbe present time if we had persisted in onr old policy of assisted immigration ? This is a question that is well worth pondering over by those who advocate the ponring of papulation into this colony from without, at onr own cost; and we commend it to the thonghtfnl attention of snch journals and people. Meanwhile, however, we will undertake to answer the question ourselves; and as one home fact is always better than a boehel of foreign experience, we shall not go any farther away than New South Wales to obtain the material necessary fproor purpose. We have before aa a copy of the Sydney Morning Herald of a recent date; and it contains the report of a lengthy speech delivered by Mr CAMEE0N in the Legislative Assembly, which every person, who believeBin assisted immigration to these colonies, can read with no little advantage. Mr CAMEBON was much struck by a letter which had appeared in a Sydney newspaper on the state of the local labor market; and he made enquities with a view to ascertain how far the statements made in that letter could be supported. Tbe result wag to convince him that the writer had told the ilain unvarnished truth; that the plan of mmigration, as carried on by New Sonth Wales, is a great waste ,of public money, and that altogether the whole system is replete with burning injustice. Accordingly, Mr CAMERON brought tbe matter before the House; and the resnlt was to elicit a promise from Sir TTKKBY PABKES that the Government would make a foil enquiry into the whole subject. Now, what are the statements contained in the letter, winch put Mr CAIIEBON in motion ? Firstly, that immigrants are grossly deceived by the agents in England as to the state of the labor market in New South Wales; secondly, that men with families are tbus induced to break up their homes in the old land to seek a better fortnns in the southern hemisphere; and; thirdly, that the result is to hand them, their wives, and children, over to starvation. All this is stated by the writer of the letter above mentioned; and the facts go to ebow that there is no possibility of denying the allegations. It seems that the New South Wales Government have an agent in London and another near Birmingham, and that both push business in this line with a vigor worthy ol a better issue. olonial the de- Through the Ironworkers' Journal, and other means, they give a moBt glowing account of New Sonth Wales as a field for the absorption of labor. They tell people, who are discontented with their home lot, that they have only to go to New South Wales to at once tumble headlong into ample employment — to speedilyjbecome rich,prosperous,and happy; and one incident will show tbe extent to which this system is carried, and tbe effect of its operation. A letter appeared in the Ironworkers' Journal, stating that several ex tensive ironwo&s; had been established in New South Wale8,someatacostof £100,000, snd that they were all standing idle for want of men. Each of these ironworks, said the writer, wonld employ abont lOOO bands or more, having luge contracts for the supply of iron for Ihe new railways bong made, and the owners, would gladly pay the following rates of < nages:-^ Engine-drivers 12s to 14s a day, blacksmiths 12a to 14s a day, ironworkers 15s to 16s aday, and laborers 7s to 9s a day. Of cooree, these statements bronght an abundance of immigrants to the agencies; and this ships laid on to cany the immigrants to Sydney were speedily crowded. How could anything else happen, with such glowing prospect as this presented to iahor But what was the result to these unhappy people on reaching their destination? Simply and unfortunately this. They made their way to the ironworks, and first of all fonnd that the valne of the machinery had been grossly overstated,and, next, that there was no possibility of obtaining employment. The eccount In print says:—" About nine or ten o'clock the manager of one of the works put in an appearance, and was promptly, asked if he wanted some ironworkers, engine - drivers, and laborers. " No," eaid he," I can't find work for those that are here. Who sent yon up here ? " Mr. Wise," was tbe reply. " Well," eaid the manager, "the sooner be takes yon back the better It will be for you, unless you can live on grass, for there is nothing doing in the vfclley at all; the collieries, brickmakers, and smelting works are all standing idle." The manager added that the ironworks bad been standing idle for five years, or ever since the machinery was erected, because they conld not get a«iagle order for the Iron, bot being able to compete with British prices. . Tin account goes on to say that the immigrants walked all over the colony to obtain work, but in vain.' Some ol them tiien wemt-one wayand eome another. Bot the result in all caeee -was the same—no work could be frond ; and only for tbe charitable instincts of tbe old settlers, many of thn immigrants, with their wives and cbudren,iiinst have died of starvation. - Now, ff tbis was an isolated instance, it would not tell against' assisted immigration to Sydney or anywhere else. It wonld amply show that one description of trade was <dnll, not-all; altboogh-that drenmstance wonld not reduce the deception one jot of which the agents in England are evidently, gnilty. But tbe same tale has to be told of ail trades -and - callings "in New "South Wales, which tbe immigrants repre sent; - consequently, nothing but idirop< pointment and: distress has been resnlt to the new arrivals.: Tbis shown by Mr CAMEBON'S undented state inent, that the number of unemployed men in and oronnd Sydney at the "present, time is absolutely worse than anything they bad seen for the last ten years; and bad it; not been for the impetus given to the building trade by tbe Exhibition building, heaven only knows what they would hsre done with their surplus mechanical population. Here, then, we have a picture presented, firstly, of tbe tricfa jesorted to in England to obtain ] immigrants! for Ne w South Wales; and, secondly, of tbe titter lot to which the immigrants are subjected on their arrival; and if it does not show the donble wrong that iB committed in this connection, firstly, to the immigrants themselves, and, secondly, to the working classes already in tbis land, then it wonld be bard indeed to say what wonld establish any proposition of this nature. Certain it *- that the system of assisted immigration is sword which cuts two ways; and for that reason should, except under very exceptional circumstances,-* be always determinedly resisted. Supposing that assisted immigration had been in force here as well as in New South Wales, what would be the result now? Why, that the number of unemployed in Melbourne would be at least threefold what it is; and thus the distress there would have been something fearful. Fortunately the Liberal party have put an effectual brake upon State aid in Victoria to immigration, and thus saved both immigrants and the colony from thiB wrong. The Liberal party was not to be led away by the delusion that the more people brought here the greater would be the prosperity for all. They knew well enough the fallacy of this kind of argument; and the experience now being acquired by New South Wales more than substantiates their conviction. It is a lucky thing for Victoria that this has been the case; and it is to be hoped the same prejudice against immigration will always continue. THERE is a parliamentary anecdote on record of the great CHATHAM, that on one occasion in the House of Lords he was making a speech on the Bubject of-tha sugar duties, sad began his speech with tbe words " Sugar, my Lords!" Some light-minded peers present raised a laugh at the apparently trivial nature of this commencement. CHATHAM glared at them from nnder those terrible eyebrows of his; read them a short but severe lesson on the silliness of scoffing at any of the country's material interests; and when be had made them fairly quail with his rebuke, looked round bim with triumph, and ejaculated, " Who will dare to langh at sngar now?" CHATHAM was right. The mention of sugar may awaken almost ludicrous ideas in the minds of some shallow people, but the word indicates a very large national interest involving the fortunes of a large class of persons. At the present .moment the minds of the Imperial Government, the House of Commone, and whole populations of large towns in the old countiy,are painfully exercised on the subject of sngar. A very serious national difficulty in relation to that homely article has arisen, and no person seems quite able to find a solution for it. Here are the facts:—The sugar-refining trade in England was once a moet extensive snd lucrative branch of the national industry. Millions of money were invested in it, and thousands of workmen were employed in it. The trade is one that can only be profitably carried on by means of a large capital, A collapse in it is, therefore, a very Berioos calamity. Now, for a long period of time the English eugar-refinerB had the complete command 'of the Continental markets. They could beat the French, the Butch, and the German refiners on their own ground. All this was very satisfactory for tbe English refiners, so long as the principle of universal free-trade was upheld by the European nations. But the Continental peoples came to see at length that they were giving the insular foreigner an undue advantage against themselves. There was no earthly reason,- they thought, why they should not profitably pursue the business of sugar-refining for themselves. The several Governments were moved on the snbject, and the npsbot was that the French and Dutch Governments .drew tip a scale of bounties for local sugar-refining. The effect of these State subsidies has been to close the foreign markets against the English refiners. The latter have been obliged to close their works. Multitudes of working men have thus been thrown out of employjnent. Bristol, which used to be a chief seat of this particular! industry, has lost a large \- part of its local trade; and tbe distress bad become so serious that at length an appeal was made to tbe Government for help, committee of enquiry has been appointed, and is at present engaged in taking evidence on the whole question. What its recommendations may be, of course it is impossible to guess; but, in the meantime a very serious complication in the action of the free-trade policy of the nation is actually in being, nod it is admitted by tbe leading free-trade journals to be one of most Berious and pressing importance. Fatting tbe matter in the fewest words, it may be affirmed that unrestricted freetrade has ruined the English sngar interest They are heavily handicapped by the bonnties given to their foreign competitors. What, then, is to be done ? The obvions answer to this question would be, that a system of reciprocity should be established, u bonnties are given in the one case, let dnties of at least equal amount be imposed in the other. If the French refiner is enabled by artificial means to ondersell tbe English refiner in English markets, let a BtiSdaty be imposed on all French sugars coming into English ports. This, we Bay, is the natural and logical reply that rises to the lips of any rational person considering the caee before him. But when a deputation of\BUgar- refiners waited some short time since on the Chancellor of the Exchequer to expose their grievances and hint this plain remedy, the Minister wonld not hear of anything so opposed to the great principles of .universal bee-trade. We are bound to say that a perusal of tbe report of the conference does by no means impress as with a convictiin of the able statesmanship of Sir STAFFOBD NOBTHOOTE. TO put. the matter -witbiut tircnmlocbtion, he fairly shirked the difficulty. Ait ie conld offer ~ the deputation- : was the appenntment: of a: committee of enxjuiiy, Iwbose recomnendations,' however, were in DO case to ran atanter to the principles of free-trade. _ On.the other side, the deputation, not wishing to press a Government,. founded "OB avowedly free - trade principles, too far in the opposite direction, mildly protested that all they wanted was "fair play." Now, what fair playcan possibly meai in this connection, excepting reciprocity, We are at a loss to discern. But reciprocity certainly means protection for the EhgUsh sugar refiners; and this banned aord.mnst on no account ba uttered by anySody.. The np3hot is, that the grievance—BO glaring .and so burdensome, es it x^—remains unredressed, pending the resnWess issue of a committee of enquiry. Bnt the Chancellor of the Exchequer did stale that remonstrances would be addressed to'tbe French and Dutch. Governments against the continuance of their bounty syBtem; and, upon being pressed on tbis point, he was obliged to admit that snch remonstrances had: been again end again sent to those Governments, and sent in vain! Tbe deputation" was fain to take this weak temporisisg with, tbe matter for answer; and there the matter nets for the present. There is no reason to suppose that either France. .or Holland - will -give way; bnt/if not, the badeis gone foam England for ever: Any revival-of it is eimply impossible—excepting' ;.there: be a resort to^-the obviously wise policy of "soundly taxing French and Batch refined sugars. The most consummate statesman- Ship cannot suggest any other remedy. Here, then, is an example that pl^y ^a? trates the difficulty we have » dwelt upon in these columns, of adapting the abstract principles of political economy to the complex affairs of great nations There is always a limit in the application of such purely theoretical ideas; and that limit is clearly revealed in the » that have ruined the sugar- refining industry of Great Britain, ___ Tbis being Separation Day, it be observed i a holiday by tbe public offices and banks. As « stated in yesterday's issue, " otber party forward in the Krsmble for tbe Tom Tiddla's ground beld by the Band endAlbion Consolf. a Supreme Conrt writ havmg been obby the manager cf the late St. GeotjpCompanyflevying upon the right and title to tbe same tenement which have b^nadverwrffor^eby the London Chartered Bank. As .the P«<*?L" not likely to be satisfied, the "therm will submit Se lot. to sde to-morrow, at Mr Ctoton's rooms, atnooo; and on the following day the b»k wJl attempt to dispose of its title. Should any perscn have the intrepidity to purchase either of the above, there is So drabt he will be kept in a Uvely frame ot mini lor some time to come. We regret to learn that Mr John Giles, vrho was one o£ tte senior oarsmen in the City Kowiog Club, met with au accident seme time ago in meibourie, which has necessitated the ambulation of his right leg. It appears that Giles, who was engaged on the railway line, in jumping from one truck to another, slipped and fell, coeofthe wheels passing over his leg. He ^as tten takf to the Melbourne Hospital, where lie had the injured limb cut eff,and was an inmate therefor about seventeen weeks. The Government - „ . ... Bay railway to-day, and henceforth itB afiain win he carried on by the Minister cf Seaways. A meeting of battery-owners, sluioers, and others interested in getting water from the Water Urnmission at the present rate, as against.the proposal of Commissioner Wilson to again raise,the price to the old rates, was heia at the Back's Head betel last evening. Mr Bobert-Atkinson was voted to the chair, and there were about a dozen other gentlemen present. After some discussion on the unfairness of the commission reverting again to the old rates before having a fair trial, Mr James moved, and Mr Lavis seconded—-"That a peti- tion be signed by consumers, protesting against the proposal of Commissioner Wilson, and be presented at the next meeting of the Water Commission." Carried. It was stated that, -on the faith of the water bang reduced to Jd per 1000 gallons, the Duchess Company had incurred an expense of £30 in laying on pipes to the battery, and Messrs Hill and Atkinson had spent over £40 for a like purpose. If, however, the price were again raised to Zd per 1000 gallops, thousands ol tons of stone wottld have to re main in the ground, which would prove remunerative at the lower rate. Daring a conversational discussion which followed, those present distinctly denied Commissioner Wilson's statement, thatimy,batteryowner had wasted water for the purpose of washing away their tailings. It was then resolved that Messrs James, Meyers, Iavib, and Atkinson be appointed a deputation to wait npon the'Water Commission on Friday evening next, and urge tile views dt tbo meeting on the subject. The meeting then adjourned, The inference of delegates from the various National Reform Leagues will be held in Melbourne to-day. In the evening the banquet to the lion, the Premier is to take place to welcome that gentleman back to Victoria. A large -gathering is expected, as a number of tickets have been sold. At the Town Police Court, yesterday, William Buss was charged with being drunk and disorderly, using obscene language, and assaulting Constables Richardson and O'Brien in the execution of their duty. Mr Gaunt appeared for the accused. Abont half a dozen witnesses swore to the correctness of the charges; the assaults on the constables being kick on the head of one and on the back of the other. For tbe defence fully as many witnesses swore that the violence of the accused was caused by the brutality of the constables; some of them deposed that he did not appear to be drunk, and others had beard no obscene langn&ge.; Dr Hndson deposed that the accused had contusions on tbe head, jaws, neck, cheek, loins, and hip. The bench, after bearing the evidence, said chat there was no doubt as to the charges of drunkenness and using obscene language, though there ~was some difficulty with regard to £he assaults. Their worships stated that constables often bad a great deal more trouble in dealing with xnea ,~who were just fresh than with those who were 1 ' quite drunk. The charge of assaulting Constable -Richardson was dismissed, and on thtf other three charges defendant was fined 15b, with 38s costs, in default fourteen days' imprisonment; the bench remarking Uiat the fines would have^jeafii severer bnt for the fact that tha- accused seemed to haw been somewhat roughly hanoi ~ -' — ' The pinching lUfUa oT winter wonld seem to be felt very severely by onr poorer classes just now. So many and distressing were the applications for relief at the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee last night, that it was nearly ten o'clock before Ihe clerical portion of the work of tbe committee coald bo commenced. Amongst the applicants for relief were a number of women, whose husbands were away seeking work, and one or two men who bad served long sentences in Pentridge, end who aaid they were unable now to obtain work. Mr D'Arcy Bead, the well-known proprietor of the " Ghost" entertainment, was charged at the City Police Conrt yesterday with assaulting a railway porter named Frederick Holmes at the Western station, .on the 28th nit. Mr Watson appeared for the defence, from tUe evidence of one of Mr Bead's aiwloyts, and other witnesses lo the defence, Mr Bead, on the day in question, sent some small parcels up to the Western station, intending to teke them with him to Melbourne. His employ* left them on the platform, but one of the porters took them into the parcels office, and when Mr Bead came refused to deliver them up. until 4s Gd cloak-room fees were paid. Mr Bead west to take the parcels up, whereupon Holmes pushed him back, saying he must pay the fees. Mr Bead, then poshed Holmes back, and tbe latter tripped over tbe platform scales, which were just behind him, and fell. Tbis constituted tbe alleged assault. The evidence was contradictory as to whether the porter poshed Mr Bead, but tile bench, after listening to the case for two hours, decided that while it'must be admitted that an assault on the porter had taken place, it was warranted hy the provocation received. The case was, therefore, dismissed. The contractors for the new fencing round the Hospital, in place of the wooden one which has done duty for so long, have commenced active operations. The fence along Drummosd street has been taken down, and the trendies cut for tile atone foundations of the iron railings that are to replace it. If the. contractors continue to make - snch expedition ss they have done eo far, a vtry short time will see the new fence completed. In another column will be fonnd a detailed report of the tea and public meeting beld last niffht at the Alfred Hall, in .connection with tbe eighth anniversary of the Town Mission. There were about 600 persons present at tea, and about 1300 at the public meeting. Mr Burnett gave a short sketch of bis mission work in Melbourne, and a collection was made in aid of the mission, amounting to £15 17s. This is, of course,Independent of the profits of tbe tea, which are will endeavor to publish to-morrow. The eancert committee of the Cornish Distress Fond met last evening at tbe Mechanics' Institute ; Mr H, M, Serjeant in the chair. Mr 3. Bichaxds was appointed secretary, and Mr Cren conductor; the latter gentleman reporting that lie bad arranged for a cborns (A thirty or forty ladies and gentlemen, who had kindly consented to assist, also Mr T. King, and that it was probaUe Mr G. Herbert wonld give his services aa pianist... Altogether the mnslcal arrangements are on an extensive scale, and independent of the object in view, a most attractive programme may he fairly anticipated. The prices of admission were fixed at 2s stalls' and drees circle, and Is the pit. Idajor Sleep's- oSer of tbe brass hand, to parade the. streets.prior to the concert, was accented with thanks. A vote of thanks was passed to the Bev. H. Bath, for obtaining the use of the Dana street Wealevan lecture-hall for rehearsals, which will be duly advertised. In addition to the above, other attractions were recommenced, which, if satisfactorily arranged, will be reported at the next meeting. Owing to information received from the captain, it was expected that a portion of tbe Ktily-gang, would endeavor to get ont of the colony by taking passage on board the Normm M'iiod, as Jjfist vessel passed <Jueensdiff on Saturday. ThejtoUce. (says the Herald) male every prepantfmi far -capturing the desperadoes, but It was afterwards fonnd that the departures woe simnV two men. who desired to leave the colony qpteV on account of some differences with their idatifet. The police, therefore^ returned tn Melbourne »ad the two men proceeded on the voyage annxJortea. '- Thefortnightly meeting of >Se committee 6f.tbB Benevolent Asylnm- was bHi at tho board-room -lastnight, when some rititine matters, the conindention OS .which lasted ihree li<inri, »nd ijl which o report appears <Jsewhere, were , dealt The 'half-yearly " misting ol Jhe "jEnel&r; Juvenile Tent, LoX No. 12, was beld on Monday, when the following members were duly.elected P.C.R., S. J. Wasley; C.B., 3. Sheldon-, D.tt, ff. J. KHt; secretary, G. Qui*. TpT^5 § Wesley; MJS„ W. Osborne; guardian, C. Acreman; «npertntenaJ>; j£ Lmont, Foster, Wilson, s iS^ae: duly installed byteSjJ tendent, Br Biggs. -"Hid*. ! On .Sunday last tlw Sunday sermons were preached in the Connj^I I Church, Dawson street. The Ber. J. wfe DMtor, was tbe preacher in the morninir «» ifteraoon and evening the pulpit by the Bev. William Henderson. TbisttSw tea meeting will beheld at hslf.pt,t and addresses afterwards will be given 00 ^ ? interest to all Sunday school workers bv tR I< « Henderson, Bath, Clark, and Tarra. T^J evening wUl be devoted to a tea aad for the children. The Sunday school^ f flourishing condition, anii only more room, A' greatly to enlarge the influence end optn^ the school. "•» The Bible Christians of Clenei hsvejM^ Tided their church with anew orgec, opened on :Snnday last. The services eeteJ?B ducted by the Bev. T. J. and MrjCorj.X® lsrat, * there thM. being liHnp very n>rr large Innrp fYiTirmn.,;. congregationst,!S ^ occasion. The organ was manufactured bvt t Grenfdl, of Clones, as also was'.heonem^ the Primitive Methodist Church. TbtJllS considered to be of very sweet tone. We have received a copy of Messrs Gordo, J Gotch's " Railway and Eoad Guide" fo^B month of July- Arrangements have been tJo by which Messrs Gordon and Gotch cWtl' supply country Subscribers direct Iiom He*!: at fis 6d per year. We see by the Bendigo pipers that u churches of the town and district last Snnf collections were made in aid of the Comii, D? tress Belief Fund; theamonnt thus raisea^, 0 lew items yet to come in, being £87 7s 3jt Wm. tiarris can find tbe translation he of in any Catholic prayer- book. «' A Subtaw can shoot tbe turkeys, if not within the tit;, .nwn. town. "Vosa's" questions ocestionsareevid&Dtlr;^,^ evidaatly ht^i as a joke, and therefore will be laid aiii"?™ answered. The counterpart of tbe lctik otte endosed should be submitted to a haMtena s is a better judge of snch matters thin «tir « Chiniquy's" question will be readily anna by any Catholic priest, to whom our corrapmf should remit it. " K"—No act has been jn^ for reaming the postage to 14, tW-MfeiV!,, thing of the sort will be introduced in Pidiso next session. We have received the following adStum sums for the Cornish Distress Belief Find --« H. Mitchell, 2s 6d; Mrs H. Mitchell, 2s 61. auJ A popular secular concert in aid of thSp-jt, bu fund wal be givien iu the Bsrkly Street WbW»P* Church-this evening, commencing at eight o'dai CT ' 1 As the object is very praiseworthy, and u tie mil be good instrumental and vocal mtui^ low price of admission should ensure t attendance. The entry and draw for the Mount Bdtani,; earmorith Stakes and Labona Plate nil 14, place this evening, at six o'clock, at Cnigtiigj We remind lovers of the game of billiards tte ;»a Messrs Cook and Kilkenny will give an exlibiinrino of play this evening at Craig's hotel. Thcp®^will be 1000 up)'Kilkenny receiving 250 point;, tj-, play wSl commence at eight o'clock. " Toxa'e" letter has been laid aside, as redone think any useful purpose would be serred bj «» publishing snch communications, which vnilli' Setter sent to one of tbe religious newspapers, H We remind our readers of the concert to hi' place at the Barkly street Wesleyan 6ciooliMc, this evening. A fortnightly assembly ball wiU be heldiathe •Ballarat Era Brigade Hill, commencing fonts. . morrow evening. Mr Robertson's dancing dnf wiU open on the 7th instant. Tbe July term will commence at the Sdmli Mines, Lydiard street, on the 14th initint Th subjects for which classes will be formed win la found published in our advertising column!. A meeting of the creditors of the Provicciilc Suburban Bank is to beheld (.says the Thursday next at half-past two o'clock, tofcJQ purpose of ascertaining the wishes of the craim q on the following points:—1. Whether the orpany should be wound up altogether by theCocrt, j and, if so, whether one official liquidator or me :tC should be nominated by the Conrt. 2. Wbls^ the voluntary liquidation should be contmned,d whether or not under the supervision of the Caz. tfc It will also be for tbe meeting to uominstea jm persons to be recommended to the Court as » liquidators; and also to nominate and reoomn to the Court a bank into which tie compi money shall be paid. -The meeting will sis called upon to nominate a representative to ap on tbe bearing of tbe petitions on tbe lOd Joly. w Hie Wallaloo correspondent of the P. C. T I" writes:—"The sowing season maybe consid as a thing of (he past as far as this yesr is - cerned, most of the farmers having put in v crops xney intend "to "cultivate'this year, and sow tuning their attention to the other Geld * There ia a much larger quantity of land u cultivation than even the most sanguine expe ii two months ago.. .Some of -the early crops s Ia" the effects of the late frosts, and axe looking 1 ti sickly." TheGovenoae&t; (says the i' have dec not to reSmpose the duty on red gum, tbe authorising the collection of which will expir August. The operation of the act has bees 1 r pended for some time in order that tbe Ifiniste - f Lands might have an opportunity of framing te ^ lations for the conservation cf State forests, |$ that object haa been successfully accomplished. New wheels (says tbe Gedong Advertiser been made to replace those broken st the pi mill some weeks since, and the work of replac» them was completed on Saturday. The wk were mad* »t ttin-crnlan "foundry, at Ballarat,! r on Saturday the machinery wai set in motion ft' trial The resident engineer waa perfectly si fled with tiie smooth working of the machine 0 The manufacture of paper will be recommenced the mill at once. It ic intended (says the Age] that for the futt^ local land beards shall consist almost entirely^ officials connected with the Leads Departme: instead of being partly composed,-as heretofore,, members -of local caoncilfl. - One of the cb obstacles to tbe expeditious transaction of bnsiny in connection with these boards has been t, disposition of private individuals, when serving land boards, to raise useless- Objections to tl granting of licenses. In many cases the objectio wen found to be without any reasonable grounc and it became apparent that their purpose coa only be to impede selection. Members of minii boards will also be excluded from the land boan for thesame reasons. 1 Mr Berry (says'.die Herald) appears still suffer from the rheumatic gout in bis hands. C Monday lie was obliged to offer bis left band t) anyone wishing to shake hands with him. A telegram (says tbe Age) has been received t B the various colonial Governments pressing for s early decision in reference to the proposal to suj port tbe projected Colonial Museum iniondou. J will be recollected that a movement has bee started tar the erection of a handsome buildin near the Thames embankment, in which the pid* \- ducts of the various colonies would be gathe together for public "h^" 11 It was anticipate that the site would be purcbased by the Hoo Government, but the expense of erecting the buflJ ing and ^intaimiig the Institution waa to devoti upon the colonies. Victoria would be expected 1 contribute £20,000 towards tbe erection of the ei tee, and an annual son of {between £3000 ar £4000 towards the expense of cariying it on. 1 reply bss been telegmphed fe the promoters '! London to the efiect that as tbis colony is alretft spending a large stun ofTnonsy in preparing » the International Exhibition irf 1880, the Goval roentdoes not tHnk it advisaMtat present^® into any arrangements contributing^© am™* of money, reqnired for tfae prow*"® t*on» Museum, . • A ^ It will interest pedratriass (rj Advertiser) to know till mstch ht teen arranged to take ] rten Messrs 3 Martin, of Gedong, of Melboura The distances to" „ ier yards, 160 yard* and 410 yarda;t ___ b^g £50 a side. InsI -probability the 1 will take place in Melbouns in six weeks' t" jis tbe event has occasions! much 1 nedoStrlaziB in themqtropolA them ioutat wiU. no doubt, bti looks! forward t jex interest. , been stated (remarks theJ£, -that M*Crc» the Government medical offim TOpertnauateJat his own request. BS reuruuenttstes place fromjtlie prefeot date, tW Chief secretary-has -arnnged that the cutw IfJheXe,whichiislst sSSy in atteniug» 5ck inSS ot the gaol, and t^init.g =andWat» loranprfntments in tte i; piWfc service, fbajj® i ^ S Q tanporarilr lir Shields. Sop«- SI^t«rangement ^ be^de at present s' is thought probable that tfce&sity; to ing a successor to.Dr Mjjreamay beobrntM, and a considerable'saving e&cted.; . ' A large nnmber 1 of gsnflemen—in'i 11 ?'"*? ton. Commisiiona- of Bailiiys, the ^ f ^ l dd^of railway«,MrBradyrengineerof Uw"", bourne Harbor Trnrt\ Mr SavidKO tile Water iSupp^Dg^ent), man (of the Minfiig Depactc^ent), ^i^aiwtS InHnr amtnctnr. Downalaiidl. IC. f?*V, Melbourne Harbor Tra*t( B. G. FordVimpreveZM chines. The oonditions n received on Mondayla»t,t Bt the machine should bore eolid bluestone 1 per urinate. Everything reatJy, the machine need at half-past eleven a.m., and bored lea, each IS inches deep, with one drill, or J C inches at the rate o! 13£ inches per [ This was considered by all present a most feat, and a complete mechanical when it is considered that the fastest i record is only 7A inches per minute, or a jre than half that" accomplished on Sator- L By the kind permission of the Minister frays, the gas* compressing machinery was 7 compressing and supplying the air u«ed rock-drill at 70 io per square inch. The log machinc-ry was erected temporarily by ford, by whom it was worked in a most oncer, to the eatisfactioa of all present, as under notice (No. 21) is one of two le order of Mr G. Lansell, of Sandhurst, p Humble and Nicholson, Vulcan Foundry, s (says the Age) on the first section of burn Valley line of railway were on laftcraoon suddenly brought to a standnearly 309 men were likely to be thrown taplcymcnf. The facts of the case are r landowners in the district had formed a npel the contractors to purchase gravel ting purposes from off their lands, and "•esentations to the Lands Department led in getting instructions issued to the pds bailiff to Btop the removal of gravel rOTemment reserve at tfscgalore, where ictors had laid in a siding nearly two |at considerable expense to obtain the Tfll, of which the supply is practically The contractors, Messrs Millar, at ed to the Railway Department, whereroods immediately issued instructions irks to be proceeded with without a day, whilst the Engineer-in-Chief laid fore the Lands Department. But for t action of the Minister of Railways the ; the unemployed would certainly have By increased, and the appeal which the l made to the contractors to employ as = as possible would have been fruitless. •Jar are paying their men 7s per day, felling the works vigorously forward, sountry journal (remarks the Age) has ' the Government, with a view of inrevenue, propose to extend the opera- Land Tax Act so as to include a s of small landowners, whose pro- ; present liable to taxation. This | entirely withont foundation. A bill is pdacad daring the ensuing session of Ffor the amendment of the Land Tax o such change as that indicated by the -in question is likely to be proposed, or ^en thought of. 