MARRIAGE CUSTOMS IN INDIA. Mabjhaqe oustoms and. marriage mantras differ in somo respeots in different. parts of the country. Thus at the marriage of his Highness the Maharajah of Mysore, the fol lowing pretty recitation formed a poition ol the ritual uttered by tho bridegroom in muei oal' Sanakirt : ' The bridegroom replies, ' Woll be it,' and recites the following : ?'? '' ' Who gave hert To whom did he give her ! ' Love gave Tier. To love bo gave her. \ ; ?„ -: Love was.'the giver. ? ' : ' Love was the taker. ; ; Love 1 may this be thine. ' With love may I^enjoy her! Love has pervaded the ooean. ? With love I aooept her ! Love I may this be thine.' ' Soon after this the' bride and bridgroom proceed one or two steps forward, and the bride is thus addressed by the bridegroom.: 'May the regions of spaoe, may air, the sun, and fire dispel that anxiety whioh thou feelest in thy mind and turn tby heart to me. Be gentle in thy nspoot and loyal to thy husband ; be' fortunato in oattle, amiable in thy' mind,, and beautiful in thy person; mother of gallant sons ; bo fond of delightB ; be cheerful and bring prosperity to our bipeds and quadrupeds. Soma first reooived theo; the Bun next obtained thee; the regent of fire was thy third husband; and now a human being is thy fourth. ' ? ? ' Soma gave' her to the Sun ; the Sun gave her to the regent of fire ; fire gave her to mo. With her he has given mo wealth and male offspring. May slio, most auspioions oause of prosperity, never desert mo.' . These and many others, whioh were rooltod, oontain muoh of exquiBite pootry in them. They are, to quote Max Muller, the simplest child-like prayers on reoord.— The Indian Mirror. ? ♦ Paper Bottoms for Inon Snira. — After getting used to papor oar-wheels, we need not' be surprised to learn that a now abating for thebottomB of iron ships consist of browu paper attaohed by a suitable cement. It is the invontioh of Captain F. Warron, of Eng land, and tho substance he proposes to uso is a propatalion ol papier maehe. It is stated that weeds and barnaolos will not adhere to papor, and that the spoolal ooment by , whioh the paper is scoured may be applied cold, but it hardona under water, iB uhaffooted by oom paratively .'high temperature, and poscssos great tenacity. A plate thus proteotod on one side hu been immoxsed for eix ttontbj, with the result that the protected aide was found olean, while the unprotected metal was oovered with met and shellfish. Ay- P|iBxir;?FANoir.— Ono of tho pretty fancies of French people is to make colours' the -expression of sentiment. They hold thttt violet is analogous to friendship, blue to love, ng Duggostod by bluo eyes and azure sky. A bunch of violets would therefore tell a lady's suitor that friendship is all he has a right to espeot. Yellow is paternity or maternity; it ia the yellow raya of the speotrum whioh oause the germ to shoot. Bed figures ambition ; indigo,- the spirit of ?rivalry-; green, the love of obango,- fickleness ;' blaok, favouritism ; white, unity, university. In'a'ddition t'oithe ieveni primitive colours, grey indicates power ; brown, prudery ; pink, -modesty;- silver -Brfly~~(aemi-wliite), feebfif lovo ; lilac, (semi-violet), feeble friendship pink, false Bhame. ? ' ^., ? ^ ? Sheakinq SnBEp. — Aooording to an inter esting paper by Professor Freltag, ot Halle, it is only sinoo tho sixteenth oentury that the praotiao of shoarinR sheep has boon followed in Gormany. Previously to thaf date the wool was Beparatod by simply pluoking it out— a process whioh was found to be greatly facilitated by penning up the aheep olosoly, and keep1 ing them without food for a fow days before the operation. This system still obtains in some northern European countries ; and the Professor had an opportunity of personally witnessing it during his lato travels in oertain partB of Norway and Sweden, and in Iooland and several other islands. In those regions the short-tailed sheep (outs borcalis), which, like other wild mountain races, obanges its hair yearly, is the variety chiefly kept ; and the fleece is pluolsed off in Juno, after its bearer has boen submitted to a few days' starvation. The ordinary breeds of sheep. met with in moBt ' other countries do not change their coat, bb has been dearly demonstrated by exhaustive experiments. Thoy have been left unshorn for four, seven, and even eleven years without any fresh growth being ob served, although the origin ul coat oontinued to increase by simple, prolongation of tbe individual hairs. The rate of growth is fastest daring tho first threoj years of 'the Bheep's life, utter whioh time it decreases gradually and considerably. In domostioatod sheep tho growth each year is most luxuriant immediately after the shearing in June or July ; while in the wild breeds, as might bo expeoted, it is most marked in winter time, when the severity of tho woathor demands additional protection. In 1876, wolves in the Russian provinoe of Samara, devoured 5880 horaos and horned cattle, 56,000' small cattle, 22,000 domestic fowls, and more than 1000 dogs. Iu 1877 their ravages were even greater. ANAmerioan suggests tho construction of projeotilos on tho prinoiplo of the boomerang for. reaohing an enemy bohind earthworks or embankments, The usual way of surmount ing obBtaolos of this sort is to make the balls riooohet or bounce ovor tho parapet alter first striking the oroundf , ?? ? :.?..?. ?-.!:i: Nbw ;Usk fob Lemon Verbena;— -The well known, fragrant garden fuvourito the sweet-soente'd or' lemon verbena Lippia citriodora,) seems to have other qualities to recommend it than those of the fragranoo for which it is UBUally cultivated. . ' The author of a recent work, entitled ' Among the Spanish people,' . describes it as being systematically gathered in Spain, whero it is regarded as a fine stomaobio and cordial. It is used either in the form 'of a decoction, sweetened, or five or six leaves are put into a teacup, and hot tea poured upon thorn. The author says that , the iUvour of tho too thus prepared!' is simply delioious, and no one who has drunk his Pekoe with it will ever again drink it without a sprig of lemon verbena.' And he further stateB that if :this be used ono need ' never suffer from flatu lence, never be made nervous oruold-maidiBb, never have cholera, diarrhea, or loss of appetite.' A Give at EeIi Preserve. — An American paper says : — ' On the farm of JamepZ-JT. Wells, in the Town of Riverhead, is the greatest eel preserve over seen inland. The pond covers five acres. Two y'v -ts ago Mi1. WellB put into the pond 2000 dozen eels, with no intention of disturbing them for five yeurs. They have increased wonderfully, millions being in the pond, and it is thought that there will be quad rillions before Mr. Wells gets ready to market them. Tho eels are fed regularly every three dayB on what is known as ? horse feet,' a sea pro'duot, with meat in side a shell whioh takes the shape of a horse's hoof, and it is doubtless from that that it doriveB the name. They consume 750 horse, feet in three days. It would seem impossible to furnish so many, but tho number does not, begin to detail the extent of the catch. Millions of them aro annually fed to swine and poultry, and some men make a business of catching them. On 15tn Juue, aftor n storm, Capt. Downs, with a trap of his own invention, caught 1000 'feut,1 and between the 15th of June and April his uggregate catch was 10,000.' ' . Hanlan in PENTiENTiAHY. — When Hanlan, America's celebrated oarsman, visited the Penitontiary at Kingston, he found that an arch had been erected over the atone yard bearing the inscription in green, very oloverly executed by one o£ the prisoners, ' Hurrah for Hanlan!' — with a shamrock and a pair of crossed, skulls on one side, a shamrock and flag on the other and the harp of Ireland beneath. A3 the party were leaving the yard one off the convicts stepped up to the champion and presented him. with a pendant for a watch chain, of a horse and his rider, beautifully carved from a plain piece of bone. Huulan's appearance in eaoh room, was the signal for every man to momentarily quit work to take a glimpse at the celebrated oars man, with whose doings, in spite of their dungeon walls, many of them seemed well acquainted. The Evidence of a Ghost. — Murderers .have iu mauy instances been convicted and exeoutedbyevidonoe that wob elicited through the agenoy of a dream or Borao vague ghoBt story.' It is not generally linown, however, that two men wore executed in tho North of England, a little more than two hundred years ago, by tho testimony of a ghost. In 1681, a woman tmmed Ann Miller wag mur dered at Cheaterle-Btreet. Her ghost, ao cording to the local records, appeared to a miller who resided in the neighborhood, and told him the story of her murder. He in formed the magistrate?, who issued warrants : for the arrost of John Walker and Mark Sharp. These two men were tried, beforo Judge Davenport, at tho next Durham Assizes, found guilty, and exeoutod upon no other 'evidence than the story of tho miller. — Newcaitle Gowant. ; An Exceedingly Mabihed Man.— TTn caBy Hob the head that wears a crown applies particularly, ono might think, to .the King of Siam, who has, or had, 600 commissioned wives aud 2400 wives by brevet, all of them living in one vast palace at Bangkok. Most mon would .ratbor relinquish all power and royal authority than bo quite bo much, married ; |but, we proBumo, the polygninouB bovo reign has got accustomed to his super abundant connubiality. Ho is eaid to bo an amiable nnd onlightcd Prince, and to bo suflloiontly advanced not to griove over the reoent death of the white elephant, a sacred beast among tho Budliiats. Hu probably thinks his 3000 wives oleplmnt enough for him without concerning hfmaolf about the aotual quadruped. Ho must bo amiable, Buroly, to get on smoothly, as ho is said to do, with 3000 womon, all of whom are reputed to CBteoin and like him. We wonder how ho manages. Thoro must bo some subtle seorot in it which the Western world has nover divined. Why doesn't he give his yiows on tho Woman Question so much discussed, of lute ? His multifarious experience has empowered him to apoak intelligently, and his opinions would have woight. It would bo very interesting to know how one man oan live comfortably with 3000 women, when so many men find it very hard to live comfortably with ono woman. 