I HE seventh anniversary of the Eight Hours’ movement in Wil liamstown will be celebrated on Monday next; and while congratu lating our townsmen on its vitality and the immense strides it has made it would be well to turn for a moment to the war being carried on in the old world between capital and labor. From nearly every city and hamlet throughout the length and jbread,th of the United King: lorn the one gloomy, sorrowful story 20mas—lockouts and strikes, misery, starvation, and death. Pressed on 3very side by competing nations who have perfected their producing powers under a fostering system, English merchants and manufac turers refuse to forgo one fraction }f the handsome profits they have hitherto realised, and seek to throw the entire burden' on' the weary shoulders of labor. They demand that the white slave shall toil longer hours for less money than will suf fice to keep body and soul together, ar they will turn him out to die a speedy instead of a lingering death —the only alternative their terms In reality offers. The despairing mournful answer is given back—our mergies are already overtaxed and strained to their utmost tension; we cannot live on less, and it were far better to end cur misery at once dian to remain for slowly-dragging weary years on the brink of starya ion, with a pauper’s shell and a log's burial as our last only earthly Drospect. The cruel terms cannot }e accepted, and capital closes its workshops with a harsh “ let them itarve or submit,”, while the wail of amishing children and the soul larrowing groans of hungry men tnd women axe wafted across the icean fo us. The Israelites were lommanded by their oppressors to nake bricks without straw, but British employers have improved >n such simple barbarity and de mand that their fellow men shall! work for long hours on less than workhouse fare. What a picture to j compare with the well-dressed, well- i fed Intelligent workmen of Victoria, | celebrating the anniversary that ' gave them a fair day’s work and a : fair day’s pay. Let us hope that j the noble system may ever flourish | in this fair'land, and that our chil- j clrcn will no mors think ot istuin- ; ino- to the long, dreary, soul-crush- i ing hours of labor than we would i to° the stone worship of ancient Britons. Our working classes have , their fate in a great measure in j their own hands, and let them look well to it. If they weary of well- I doing and go astray after the strange gods Collins-street and Flinders-lane would fain have them worship, eight hours’ fetes and.eight hours’ work will soon become things of the past, and they must eventu ally sink to the hopeless level of European toilers That crime should be on the in crease in the colony—that bush rangers, murderers, and thieves should flourish and grow fat—we are not in the least astonished at, especi ally after such a gross miscarriage of justice as in the case of J. A. M. Hall, who on Thursday had the ridiculously light sentence of. twelve months’ imprisonment inflicted upon him. Here is a case in which a man deliberately fired a loaded gun at a girl—missed her—did his level best to heat her brains out—was prevented by the mother from carry ing out his purpose, when he turned ronnd upbn the unfortunate woman, and had he not been prevented by the pluck of Mr Hayes and others, would, in all probability, have killed her ; and in nine short months will again be let loose upon society, and thus be provided with an early op portunity of again attempting the delicate operation of murdering his step sister and mother, which he de signed on the last occasion, and only bungled because he was inter rupted in its execution. What a grim burlesque and mockery on justice. Hall is, without exception, about as thorough-paced all-round scoundrel as there is outside of Pent ridge. Bis career for years past has shown him to be a perjurer and slanderer, and would-be mur derer, and yet he will shortly be afforded fresh and (perhaps to him self) more suitable means of prose cuting his ends ; and the only con solation left—the gallows—may ulti mately be entitled to claim its due, should this villain ever avail him self of his future chances to give effect more completely to his 1 murderous propensities. We pro test, on behalf of our citizens, against this scandalous and ex 1 iraoi’dinary miscarriage of jus tice, and demand that the head . of Government should step in and prevent, at any rate for the future, ■ an occurrence such as this. That a Crown prosecutor should be per ■ mitted to say who is to be let ofl, or who is to be punished is simply monstrous. By such a course a single individual arrogates to him self more power than is possessed by Parliament, executive,judges, jurors, and magistrates combined, and the evil and pernicious effects have been well illustrated in these proceedings. We regret as much as anyone the downward career of Hall, and de plore the suffering of his family and relations, and if there tyere the faintest glimmer or one fedeeming feature in his whole history which would lead us to think or hope for the possibility of his reform, we might rejoice at the light sentence he received. But we are fully per suaded there is not; and we may well ask who is to be his next • victim ; or what family, daughter, or mother is marked out for his devilish and fiendish persecution % Whilst waiting for the verdict from Downing-street, it may not be out oh place to take a hasty glance at the Constitutional question in the sister colonies. New South Wales claims precedence, but although the oldest and very extensive, it stau !■■ almost at the bottom of the list. The Conservative party in New South Wales have adopted a very cunning and character istic policy—they keep the Liberals in power. Sir “ ’Enery ” and old Jack, as Sir John Robertson dubs himself, are floated into Parliament on the hosannas of the multitude to do the work of the squatter. Sir John is a rare fellow on the stump, and Sir “ ’Enery ” is an author having at his own risk printed all his free-trade speeches leaving out the h’s. Sir John represents the very oldest element in fiie premier colony, hud that has grown out of very questionable mate rials to be both "numerous and wealthy. Sir “ ’Enery ” emerged from his little shop into editor and proprietor of the people’s organ, but that, tob, like the two tribunes themselves, has succumbed to the adroit tactics of the enemy, so that at the present moment there is not a truly libera! newspaper in New South Wales. Messrs Parkes and Robertson manage to keep in power without a principle—they'have the free-trade vote', the denominational yofe, the liltraulmi tane vote, and the squatters’ support. The same political conglomeration which for so many years occupied the treasury benches in the days of Haines, Heales, and O'Shannnssy in our own colony, and which always avoided col lisions with the Council. My policy is moderation said Sir Janies MpCuIIoch, The fatal miasma, “■ moderation,” the malady of which all Liberal Govern ments in Victoria and in New South Wales have given up the ghost. Mean time, according to Anthony Trollope, Sir John and Sir “ ’Enery,’’ like our selves, are disposing of the public estate to the capitalist like an invoice of molasses ; for, although statesmen of many years standing, lika ourselves, they are incapable of recognizing the difference between a parcel of,land and a hogshead of station rum. The very breadstuffs of the people of Sydney are gfcown in California, and to this hour there is not an industry or a system of education worthy of the name to he found from Sydney to Brisbane. In old Tasmania matters look altogether more hopeful. About three months ago the Conservative party was out-voted in the Assembly, but the new pre V 1 Mr Raeby, has turned out as gr ,‘'r' g failure in the senate as in the elm.j3 B The retiring Ministry agreed to 'a' I passing of certain supplies to enat! E their successors to go on till they y matured a programme, but the kJf Chamber most abruptly vetoed there” measure to which its own party jn v Assembly had assented. Here < course, was the opportunity of then'11 Liberal Ministry at the very tlireshkn of its career : but, alas f..r the sou, whom fate had made its leatle-" Asa carpet knight his gallantry unquestionable, but as champion c-' Constitutional Government he shorv-q the white feather, and it is to be Wi his career will bu n short one. n country however, is mainly in the hay of the Democratic organ published fo Launceston and its programme is Lritf simple, and to the point—the abolition of the second Chamber, the Constitj. tional creed which we ourselves have adopted, and which within a very fe„ years will- become the law of these colonies. Upon turning towards Zealand we find a very extraordinary phase of the discussion, Sir Georej Gr»y, the Premier, having taken npoj himself to contest it in his own perjctl on the simple issue as to whether the Government of England has tho poTi, to appoint viceroys to the Australian colonics. Sir George has no wish to embroil his Parliament in the discussion He appeals to the law and to the people. The colonial department jt “ home,” he asserts, “ has come to in “ .senses on that point, as we havel^n “ informed that they admit that tlia “ colony has the power by law 0f y “ termining who their Governor should “ be." The consequence is, that neither at the departure of the old nor the ar rival of the new Governor has the Pr-. mier of New Zealand put in an ppp^, ance ; and between Sir He'cijlesBobin, son and Sir George “ a very pretty | “ quarrel ” will no doubt eventuate fry they are both regular fire eaters. On the ground of mere etiquette we could not follow Sir Gcftrge Grey, nor do we think that founders alone could justify his actions on the question of Governor! but we are with him in what follows’ because it is in substance the experience’ of the people of Victoria, on which were founded the strong anti- gubernatorial convictions of Mr George Higinhotham. •=—“ I say," exclaims Sir George, (■ j; k “ in the power of any Governor who “ comes here to ruin any Ministry ha “ pleases ; because if he refuses an ap “ peal to the constituency—as lias beta “ already done with regard to the pre “ sent Ministry—he virtually allies “ himself to the party opposed to the Ministry, This is a most serious charge, because we find that new (eases of ten years were given to the squatters two years before the old ones expired, and that an appeal to the constituencies on, the subject was absolutely refused by the Governor of the day. Qrey is a man of immense experience, penetratiiw insight, and dauntless resolution, and his charges are irrefutable. No doubt his convictions are somewhat embittered by the treatment which was meted out to himself by Powniugrstreet as a re ward for his long and arduous services, His Australian services consisted in reconciling upon two occasions the two races in New Zealand and bringing to an honorable termination two sanguinary conflicts. Upon the last occasion ha came into collision with General Came ron, and stopped tho Crimean hero in his career of extermination against tho natives, for which Sir George was re called and degraded. There is not a Maori in New Zealand who would not follow him to the field to-morrow, nor is there an honest man in the Au.-nUnm colonies whose sympathy and esteem he does not possess. We can appreciate the resentments of such a man, for he who is without pride is without honor. Sjr George Grey is at this npnnent Premier of New Zealand, and tiiersfqra g representative man in a la-gc-r sense probably than any Premier throughout Australia. He may therefore speak as one having authority, and as uu urator and Constitutional statesman lie has few equals. The day upon which Sir George Grey can command a majority in the country, ready to follow him, that day the reign of viceroys in New Zealand must cease and determine. British troops were withdrawn from those colonies upon the ground that they must cease to be under the direct Control of the British Government, see ing that the colonies supported then}. The same logic applies to Governors, and if it holds good in New Zealand it mqst hold good in Victoria, Jt is somewhat surprising that the law and order party have not realized this fact. Should the authoritias in Downing street persist in refusing to give a favorable hearing to our Embassy they may find His Excellency’s stipend ex cluded from the next estimates of ex penditure. On the subject of viceroys of course we wish to raise no discussion, because we hare bean altogether, per haps, more fortunate than otherwise in this subject; but this we do say, that Sir Hercules Robinson and the Marquis of Normanby omit no opportunity of talking shop in a way that no well bred, well-educated gentleman would d0 It is most indelicate to toll us that but for British protection we would - fall m I prey to some foreign power; 1 It is inn j pertinent to lecture us upon free trade and : federation. : The people of Aus tralia approach two and a half millions, and so far as protection goes, are well able to defend themselves against the world—Great Britain included—if it came to that. We hold oitr liberty and our country on the sufferance' of tier power under heaven, and' anxioqs as we are- arid ■ evervfiil bo :tipi liye oq terms of- tho kindest friendship, with (1$ motficr country, her patronage or- pro tection we entjrely repudiate. Federa tion and Australian institutions in general are subjects with which an itine rant viceroy recruiting the family coffers cannot be possibly conversant, and lit6 less he says about them the bettor will he conoeal his Ignorance. The appointments of Captain Perry and Mr Nimmo to be members of the Harbour Trust were gazetted on the 8th inst. A deputation representing the Williams ; town Council attended at the Lands Office on Wednesday lagt, for the purpose of urging on Mr Longmope the desirability of dividing Fisherman’s Bend into allotments, anil sub-, mitting them to public auction. Tho Minister was absent, but the. deputation will wait upon him on Wednesbay next. An accident occurred in Hobson’s Bay> near the Golden Grown, at a quarter to ten o’clock on Thursday mom in r. A boat belonging to the lighter Julivt capsized, acd Mr Bounds, waterman, WiUiamstown, went to the rescue and saved a man, the only occupant. Joseph Boswell was yesterday tried at the Central Criminal Court for perjury and ac quitted. . James Augustus Merchant Hall was on Thursday sentenced by ,His Honor Mr Justice Molesworth to tw lve months’ imprisonment for maliciously wounding Mrs Hall. The graver charge of shooting with intent to kill Bichardtina Gilmore was abandoned by the Crown. This course was adopted to save the girl the ordeal of again giving her evidence. On Monday the Cabinet will meet and fill •up the vacancy in the Harbor Trust Board caused by the resignation of Mr Andrew. The appointment will in all probability be conferred on Mr W. M. Fehon. The light at Point Gellibrand on and after the 1st May will be a fixed white, instead of a revolving during necessary repairs to the machinery, which will occupy about fourteen days. The fixed light will be exhibited from a platform about twelva feet above the deck, and will only be seen about Bix or seven miles off. There is a probability of the long-talked-of and much-needed goods-eiding at the Yarra ville station being realised at no distant date. On Tuesday Mr W. M. Clark, the member for the district, interviewed the Minister of Hallways on the subject, and obtained a pro mise that a survey would be made and the necessary estimates prepared with a view of ascertaining the probable cost and fixing the site. There is no doflbt that in addition to being a great convenience to the residents, the work will prove a valuable investment to the Railway Department. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Footscray branch of the National Reform and Protection League will not be held on Mon day ovening next as previously arranged. The executive committee consider that it will be more advantageous to hold the meet ings in the early part of the month, and have therefore postponed calling the members to gether until the first Monday in May, when ]due notice will be given. Tj?e Connecting J.ink running between Williamslown and Sandridgp across the mouth of the Yarra, sank last Sunday morn ing. Thu accident was caused by an unusual jrigh tide, which lifted the vessel on to the abutments. On its receding the punt heeled over and her topsides being opened she speedily filled fi-S'! sank. Cr Douch took energetio measures and siicnepded in having the vessel raised and able to resunje s»ftrk pn the following Wednesday. The only scene of life and activity in Footscray during the holidays was the rail way station, the wonder to many being where all the holiday-makers came from and whither they w,ere going. From morning till night each train took its bevy of sight seers, while the down train left crowds of ■youths with fishing rods, Vbo were evidently intent on making a raid on the finny in habitantsof the Saltwater and Yarra. In the streets the utmost quiet prevailed; there were no local amusements of any sort, nor as much as a solitary imbiber iptbe lock- up, pad the borough seemed as if it were indulg ing in a long Sunday, disrqul and dreary froni the rain and prevailing cold winds. The anniversary services in connection with the Williarasfown Wesleyan Sabbath School were held this week. On Sunday sermons were preached in the morning and evening by the Rev W. P. Wells, and in the afternoon by t'tje Rev J. J. Halley. A ten meeting was held pn Tuesday, when about ISO were present to partake of the good things wliich were abundantly provided. After tea an adjournment was made to the church; the yearly report was presented, showing satisfactory results. Excellent ad dresses were delivered by the Revs E. King, W. P. Wells, Capt. HcCallum, and Mr Bunting, During the evening the choir sang several selections of sacred mnsic. The subway at the crossing in Napier-street, Footscray, is about completed, and will prove a great convenience and safety to foot-pas songers, as it obviates the necessity for cross ing the line. The passage will be quite light ip the daytime and will be illuminated at night with gas, 60 that there will be no danger of persons stumbling on the steps. In addition to this life and limb saving improve ment, the Jloti. the Minister of Railways has also effected another grout change, and one that will prove beneficial to the health of residents in the same neighborhood. The open drain, leading from tlm closets at the Station to the corner of Napier and Hyde streets, and from which the most offensive odours issued, has been fitted with pipes leading into the drain from the subway, and filled in, thus doing away with a nuisariciP that was grevious to sight and smell. Whatever grounds Footscray has had for complaining against the Government for neglect and inattention, it must be admitted that tyey are rapidiy being removed, and that although its wants aro legion it ma7 7e* figure as a model borough, with nothing to The H.U.I.O.O.F. cricket match will be played this afternoon on the local cricket ground. The players are requested to be on the ground at half-past one o’clock to enable the game to commence at a quarter to two sharp. The following will represent their respective Lodges :—Loyal WiUiamstown :— Dr Goldie, Messrs Aitkens, Clark, Claring bold, Collins, R. Dalton, senr., Elder, Knight, Kilgour, McLeod, McNamara, Pearson, Power, Peacock, Roberts, Sutton, Thomas, W. Wood ; emergencies — Percy, Minto, j Weeks, Smith, and Power j umpire—M. Wood'7 scoter—Hi Litchfield. Loyal Gelli brand 'Dr Cox,- Messrs1 Aitken, W. Clark, Dobney, Douglas, ’ Glennister, Goldsmith, trrimshaw, Homewood, T. Jones, F. Jones, Kerr, Lindsay, Moore, McMillan, Mclndoe, Kolley, and Swindells; emergencies—Orr, Thwnite, McLean, Logan, and Pearson ; umpire—R. Murray ; scorer—G. Dobney. The complaints of the Melbourne Under writers agfiinst the physical qualifications of tbe members of the Victoria pilot service has induced -the Board which governs that body to, test the truth of their allegations. The sea and harbour pilots are to be examined by Pr McCrea, whose disinterested testimony Will be an answer to all fault-finding. Com pared with other ports in any part of the world, it appears that vessels trading to Port Phillip baVe enjoyed a wonderful immunity from tho dangers of those who do their business in the mighty waters. During the past six years, for instance, some 26,000 vessels have been guided through the “ Rip and the channels of the Bay to their berths the wharves. Ont of this immense number risks there have only been thirty-six casualties, the greatest of which was the stranding of the barque Veritas for a few hours near Point Nepean about threp months ago. jt appears that the term t1 casualty in the English ef the Pilot Board has a singular definition. If a steamer grounds on a soft bank, and with a flowing tide floats off and goes ont to sea all well, it is re* corded aB a 11 casualty." Were all those so called accidents looked into, it would be seen that no casualties, according to the common acceptation of the term, had occurred during the period to which we have alluded Surely this is reducing danger to a minimum and what more would marine insuranci have? 1 The lucky numbers for the prizes given at the Footscray Rowing , Club concert appear in our advertising columns. . The prizes will be handed over to the winners this evening at the secretary's (Mr G. J. W. White) resi dence, Cowper-street, on the production of the check attached to the ticket bearing the number. The following returns of passenger traffic on the 'Williainstown line for the months of February and March, 1S79, will be read with interest by the advocates of cheap fares :— February—passengers, 12d,GG9i ; revenue, £1,897 Ids Sid ; March-passengers, H3,SG3; revenue, £1,950 Gs 3d. [ Owing to the unfavorablene9s of the weather on Saturday last the members of the Footscray Rowing Club had to postpone the third match for the president’s cup. Several plucky efforts were made to go out, but the capsising of two boats showed that the frail crafts could not live in such turbulent water, and the crews were reluctantly compelled to to stay their pull until this afternoon, when a good muster is invited 