VESTING. a 'Ut.bly discussion has lately been going on in Melbourne and Adelaide re spiting tUe relativo cost of harvesting bythe reaper and binder and the stripper. Tin friends of the new aspirant to far ma's' favor have satisfied the editors that tht reaper and binder is the most uoono miiftl maohine. Taking a field of 100 acrcs, yielding 10 bushels per aore, and alUmng that each machine "would reap 12A.aores per day, the oost of reaping the field ia Bet down as follows (we talte the figures from the Register of Friday last)?? Reaver and BINDEB, Macllne and driver, 8 days, £2 per day ... ... ... <616 0 0 Six torses for samo, 5s. eaoh 12 0 0 Wire 100 noreB, 2s, per aore 10 0 0 Cartbg, 6 men at 6s, eaoh 14 8 0 Two wagons, 4 horses, £2 per day... 10 0 0 Thrashing, &o.;, 3d. per bushel, 1,000 bushels 12 10 0 Total ... , ... v.. £80 18 0 From this the friends of the reaper deduct £50, the value of the straw; *10 for the extra weight of grain likely to be ob tained by early reaping; and £l as a saving through not naving to burn the stubble. The figures are therefore made to stand Oost ... 80 18 0 Less Savings ... 01 0 0 Actual cost ... ... 10 18 0 Stiupi'MH. Machine ami man to drive, £2 a day £10 0 0 Six horses for same, 5s. eaoh ... 12 0 0 Carting from field, say 8 0 0 Cleaning and bagging at 2d., 1,000 bushels... ... ... ... 8 6 8 Burning stubble, say ... 10 0 Total 40 6 8 A saving is thus shown in favor of the reaper and binder of £20 8s. 8d., or about 4s. per aore. Persons having any general experience of farming will simply laugh at this comparison, it is absurd to attempt any suoh generalisation as is here done. Admitting that it is correct as applied to certain districts it will be utterly out as appliod to others. In most parts of Victoria, and in tho South-East, tho reaper and binder will prove a valuable friend to tho farmer; and for harvesting heavy orops it will be found to save pro bably throe times the estimated amount. But that it will be either more efficient or more economical than the stripper on the Adelaide plains, or on light crops any where, is more than doubtful. Turning to the figures in the table we find that the straw Bavod is valued at £50. At | Mount Gambier, where straw has been utilized for a good many years, it is esti mated that it is really worth nothing. To store it and feed it out will oost as rnuoh as it is possible to make out of it, Therefore, if it only pays for the labor bestowed upon it, whore is the £50 to oorno from r We are assured that it only pays the farmer who can give his own labor in gratis to store his straw and feed his stock on it. Again, at Mount Gam bier farmers^ aro not so foolish as to go burning their stubble. It affords for some months a good pioking to their stock and shelter for the young grass. Thorofore the £1 for stubble-burning must disappear. We thus bring the oost of reaping' and binding baok to £70 18s. Agaiu, the oost of thrashing is under estimated, Tho farmor lias to pay not only for the machine, but to provide fuel and water for the engine, and food for some 12 to 18 extra hands while it is working at his staok, If a fair allowance is made for these extras it will be found that thrashing costs nearer Gd. than 3d. per bushel, or £25 per 1,000 bushels instead of £12 10s. We havo had a praotioal farming friend at our elbow while jotting down the fore going, and, Breaking with an experience of farming in the North of Adelaide, Mount Gambier, and Horsham, he says there is nothing vet that oan touoh the stripper for usefulness and eoonomy in »»y climate adapted fov it, wton th* oroi don't run over 20 bushels per aoro. An pnce of faot is worth a bushel of thecy. Here is a little faot whioh the theqsts may digost at their leisure. Qurfriend has started two strippers in the ^orning in a 20-bushel crop, and withwo hands at the winnowing maohine has |d 75 bags-equal to 300 Dushels- I in hijbarn ready to go to the mill before nighfill. Four boys managed the strip pers, pi a roan and a boy the winnowing inaoh^e, Setting their labor down as wortl} £2 a week each the oost of reapia and making ready for market 300 basnej of wheat was thus less than lid. par buhel, or only is, 3d. per aore in a 10 buael crop, The charge for horses is omiwd, as on all well regulated farms this siiply means taking so many pounds out of be pooket and putting it into the other. 1 STOOK^Amjs,--Mr, J, Baragwanath reports fialos at he auction on the 11th inafc.Horses from £$ 10a. to £2 10b. Oattlo.- Fat. bullocks, £6 17B, 6d, per head ; fat cows, £6 16B. do. j Hnee-year-old steers, £3 7s. 3d. do.; three-yearpld heifers, £217s. 0d, do. Draught horses weri not much sought after, and a num ber of tliorf, were passed iu. STUD SfooK BALKS,-Messrs, J. G, Ware and the Hqn, Nell Black offered their annual draft of stuacattle last week. Mr. Ware's sale passed off Very badly, low prices ruling all through, and a largo Dumber of the animals elicited no bidding. Bulls were sold at from £10 to £12 per head/and helferB at £2 10a Od to £4 4b. i\Ir, Blank's sale weut off rather better, Six bulls averaged £03 12s 6d each, and 80 £2210s 2d eaoh: nine heifers averaged £08 and 07 £5*5 18s >, making a total of £5,733 for 182 animal?. Pat buHooka at Mr. Ware's sale brought from £0 to £7 per head. THE Insurance and BmUng Jtocord says that Bank shares in Ylotorli have fallen in value oyer 25 per cent, main tie las* fow months, Tho total unpitu' ii wonted iu bftsldng amounts to £l,95fl.&50j %'.) de» ii«fom is set down at £C20.875. In Nv w ,!v V iles the deprecia tion is only 0 pel ? < , thu m-id up capital being £2,860,00 0, tuV depreciation £202,500. ' Tin re co'luot of the Viotorlan Governn v>. ;j!. id for the excos live shrinkage of t». i vn'< dip ^ of that oolony. Mim.br'8, sweep m ?. ( , <oion Race, run ) Melbourne mj*N< w . 1 ; - £1000-fell .0 the tlokefc held h ,v ? . 1 11 inOasterton. "he holder of the 1. it1;?} his partners ;.<> rii>« !.; .!>.', v.: received the ,.ce. ? i.t'ii!,'* 1' ..! In »!.». th.J« w.or took refuge ir w. wftb.1 ie eventually w I1 ..»!-! 1 ?'1 i'< j ) have paid i !:<: .;.»»!(." n».!: ",mu v,ot\ v. :? i'.vn, x-, -The Mi;:V* 'w ->i 'm 11 . V \\.iv" f ia to leave Aiin!;t; i{. it.» A .iTBOOOrte, to ui'fj ,t,.v i. .'..ourn;<>... \«-. A" vi'VK'.TH.-Armg tho -ucii i;-. M'.hools At .tOOtn V" ii-" ,r--v! the following ; w; , v- '!u: ' v ,i-; \ . rrlght to Narra Jiv.' P. nt. >>.) ;ffllioent;i Jrwiis i'nr: : ' -i:.-' L. MlKer^' in) \ . ? u : !. :. ? I** Creek, All !|1'! .1 :) ri-i'\ .; 1, Assis* '.oi:>u. u-.int Mount -'...no <! ;... >m i.,; .g Sohool. . tm-1 jO'i m't; TO BSSiBtant ? v>- (Icwac', './ ! ? ifcy Model . 'm'1/1--G.-iiu , n:v,. ;:umTraining ftJV ; !.'> ,e Mile , Slid At'ob l'.. :<.?!! .-0 y-:\n. "..P-M-' appointU) .)/»!! teaohera ?K-'tiii '' :;it a. Mi..11 o. Ai.m .!? Ha MacICayto Hy'uHis, . :i. has since been .' iV' "?..iievv, ??? jJiflifllCayjbiunnot ''"p > -i'1 U jAvthiif, Mount i, r,-, «md Alfred May, Mn'iui Uiunhif. .'. ...,!) i '^ull, 1878. Georglnn '.'.'.Ktivoi! pointed a pupil teacher al iiiiai i, "i jiiicor:-: -Helen MaoGregor,Mount ?: m!m:. irom April; 1 to peoomber 31,1878 lealgnatious of V'^'aa Edwards, head teaoher, Millioent, froi n Leoember 81, 1878. and of Jane Godfrey, (<ewii^ distress, Penola, from March 81 next, we; re accepted,' LAND Sbleotions.T -The following seleotions in the South-East word made during the week ended January 0 :-Afc£1 per aore : Hundred of* Joyce-Section 45, 0 acreB, J, R. Hatnlyn, Rlvoli Bay North. Hu ndred of Robertson Section 100, 451 acres, i tnn Williams. PoTATO'DidOEn.-A i few weeks sinoo Dr, Jaokson imported diroift from America a new and improved potato-digg. or. He 1ms tried it on his farm near the town, nt'^id found it to fulfill hie most sanguine expectation a, Besides being light, it unearths tho tubers thoroughly, nud is cap able of digging four aores i[v^y with. ease. The dootor Is of opinion tliatiTtlie merits of the machine were generally 1 :nown it would com pletely revolutionise potat o digging in the dis trict, and make the growli lg of potatoes a more profitable industry than it is, COLONIAL PLATE,-An extraot from the London Tiwoa is advertise id in to-day's issue, and describes the piece of | data presented to Sir Philip Ounliffe Owen by the Colonial Commis sioners at the Paris Exhibit ion. It was resolved to present the handsomest; p leoe to be found in any of the Colonial Courts. This was found in Mr. Wendt's collection, a nd consisted of an epergne, the silver in whioh' was valued at 250 guineas, and exquisitely wo; rked. This, besides being a olrcumstance of wlii oh Mr. Wendt may well be proud, is an honor to South Australia, Rif&b; CLUB.-Tho adjourned meeting of gentlemeu willing to join a > ifle olub under the Rifle Companies Aot of 18V '8 was held in the Oddfellows' Hall on Friday « veiling, Dr, Addi son in the olmir. Fifteen members took the oath of allegianoe before Mr, O'Halloran, S.M,, and sinoe then several more hi ive dono tho same. About thirty have submitted ; their names, and the sooner all are sworn in thh sooner will the olub be enrolled, Tho old rll les are called in nnd must be in the seoretan ''B possession to mdrrow. If ordlnnry oxpedltu m is used the now rifles should be In the hands oi the members by the end of the month. Wa observe the first country rifle oompany enrolled .la that of Saddle worth. AOHIOUXj'I'URAL AND HOKT IOULTUIIAIj So OIETY.-There was a Rood att'iendanoe at the annual meeting of the Mount Gambler Agricul tural and Horticultural Society on Saturday, and considerable interest was talcen iu the pro ceedings. The report showed that tho Sooioty was In a satisfactory position. The inoomo WHS .£462 7s. 3d., and the expendjituro £484 18s lOd. Tills left a defloit of £22 lis. 7d., whioh would be inoreasod to £07 3s. lid, when sundry outstanding cheques were prsaeuted, This, however, was more than coverod by the amounts due from tho grants-in-aid whioh lind not yet been paid. Offluo bearers and ooniinitteos for the ourrent year were eleoted, aiid 8cm0 discus sion ensued respecting the projected South Eastern Society, It appoared to be the wish of the meeting that an effort should be made to establish it, and that if the dis trict would not join in, that Mount Gambler alone should make the attempt. MOUNT Gamiuku Hosi'irAk,- Mr, A, Cas sels, late dispenser at tho Hospital, has pur chased the ohemist nnd druggist business of Mr. A. H. Florance, at Millicent. Ho loft the Hos pital to take charge of tho business the week be fore last, and until the arrival of his successor Mr, Poyntz performed the duties of dispenser. Mr, Edward Riohardson, the Hew dispenser, who hails from Melbourne, arrlvod on Saturday, and has entered upon his duties. Fuiuoua RIDING.-1The lad Fraser who rode over tho llttlo girl Marriott on New Year's Day while inoing on the road leading into North Terrace, was found guilty under tho Minor Offences Act and sont to gaol for three months. Tho ploa was tlmt his horso had bolted, aud tlmt though he tried he could not avert the accident, He admitted tlmt he oamo on to the rond for the express purpose of having a raco with another lad. The acoident was a very sorlous one, and tho little girl narrowly escaped with her life, How over, it is thought a considerably milder sentence would have met the merits of the ense, But there is no doubt the reckless conduct of youths on horsebaok at moo and other gatherings re quires a oheok. The three boys brought up wore not the only onos who ought to have been tnkon to Court for endangering tho lives of the public on New Year's Day ; and the Ind Fraser s fate may act as a deterrent to them in future. The boy Holywell was fined 10s. aud coats for furious riding ; there being no case against IVglcr lie was discharged, SERMON TO THE YOUNG.-On Nundny Inst the Rev, Mr. Caldwell preached bis annual sermon to the children attending tho Sunday 3chool of the Presbyterian Church. There was % large attendance both of ohildren aud parents, ind the sermon was both interesting and appro priate, It was founded on Jaoob's blessing to loseph's sons, At tho olose the prizes awarded o the children for lost year's work were handed ;o tlicDii POTATOES.-Potatoes liavo been rolling into Port MaoDonnell uretty freely for. the past ten dnys, and a reduotlon of 10s. per ton wns made on Saturday. It is hoped tlmt about 200 tons will be got away to Adelaide this week. Mn. BLAOKWKM;, travollor for Messrs, J. and D, Fowler, met with an unfortunate uiiBliap while travelling from Kiugston to Robo. The seat of the conveyance was not properly seoured, and through a jolt went over with its occupant. Mr. Blaekwull was considerably bruised, aud on arrival at Mouut Gambler was still carrying his right arm in a sling. TUB euauiry respecting the burning of the Springs Bolioolhouse did not lead to anything definite being discovered. The evidence, how ever, points to the conclusion that the fire was oausecl by an incendiary, THE EMFSONS are announced to give an entertainment lu the Institute Hall nere on Saturday eveniug, They stay one night only. BREACH OF CONTRACT,-In the Adelaide Local Court, on Thursday last, Stodare and Fair dough sued Smith & Stewart for <600 damages for hrenoh of oontraot in failing "to convey plaintiff and the members and plant of the Ghost illusion Combination Variety Company from Beaohport to Kobe, on November 21, whereby they lost the steamer from llobe to Adelaide, mm were furoed to remain at Beechport ten days, and suffered great loss, Also £10 for money due in respeot of the fares for the con veyance of the company from Beaohport to Robe, on November 21, paid by plaintiffs to defen dants," The Mogiater thus reports the case , "The defendants were mail coaoh proprietors on the line from Mount Gambier to Robe, and the plaintiffs, with all the paraphernalia of the oompany, were on their way from Millioent to Robe. At Beaohport they engaged a coach to take them on to Robe, and the agent of the defendants contracted by issuing printed tickets for £10 which the plaintiffs paid to him to convey the company to Robe, whenco the steamer was to sail for Adelaide on the following day Yet when plaintiff Stodare had entered the coM^he driver refused to proceed until a sum of £lpraiioh was owing by tne plaintiffs to the defendants for oarriage from Millioeut to Beaoh port, was paid. Stodare had previous/y offered liis cheque in payment of the debt, but it was nob accepted, The agent at Bsachport was instructed by the defendants not to convey the plaintiffs until the £3 was paid in oash. There was no telegraphic communication betwoen Beaohport and Robe, and the plaintiffs were at j the meroy of the defendants. Defendants pleaded that it was a oonditiou of the oontraot that the £8 should first paid, and that sufloieut notioe was to /De given to enable the defendants to provide' an additional coaoh, and that notioe was not given. The Bench held that the defendants could not go behind their oontraot tickets and say they were issued on the above mentioned condition, A verdict was given for £27, the oosts to be taxed on the higher scale by consent." HEAVY Buau FIRES.-Mr. Thos. Morris's Kalangadoo run was swept by afire on Saturday, ?which came in from Moerlong. Nearly all the fonces and grass were destroyed, and it was only -by a hard struggle that tne homestead was paved. Mr. John Morris was travelling a flock I of sheep from Peuola when he was overtaken by I lite fire. He had to abandon the sheep, and had son e difficult in getting away himself. It is fea*ed that a good many of the sheep have perished. The same fire swept over Mr. {Skene1* Krongart Station, and took the fenoes and much grass. It was beaten baok out' of Mr. Crouch'?? who only lost some fencing. A good deal.,of fenoing and grass was burnt on the Gleiiooe run. Mrs. Cameron, of Wattle Range, lost all her fenoes, and the Mount Muiihead Station was a sufferer. On the eastern side this fire was got under on Sunday, but fears were entertained that it would start again yesterday. THE Penola, wliioh sailed from Adelaide yesterday, will bo in MaoDonnell Bay to-morrow, About two hundred tons of potatoes await ship ment by her for Adelaide. She is expected to get away;on Friday, IN8TITU';E.-The annual meeting of the Mount Gamb'ter Institute is to bB held to-morrow evening, when the ordinary business of an annual meeting will be dealt with. CRICKET MATCH,-The return match be tween the Mount Gambler and Port MaoDonnell Clubs will be played to-day on flie Mount Gam bier oval. The Mount Gambier Olub plays with eleven and the Port Olub with fifteen men. Play is fixed to oommenoe at 11.30 a m, The following players oompose the Mount Gambier team:-Messrs. M. Hayes, Knight, Worthing ton, G, Doughty, Hopkins, Hnuna, R. Mill house, Bolte, H. Rubonkonig, Allohin, and Mac gugnn, Umpire, Woods; Scorer, Lilly. At a Committee meeting of the Mount Gambier Cricket Olub a few days ago, the Rov. B.T. Craig, D.D, and Messrs. A. B. 0. Dodge and J. Barngwanath, were elected members of the Olub. 