The Lock-out at Bulli. There aro no signs of the locked-out men giving way, but they rather increase in strength and numbers. Three of the men who were engaged loading the company's steamers have left work and joined the Union. These men signed a statement that ROBB'S telegram to the Sydney manager was a falsehood, and that they had not been in any way intimidated. A meeting of the Mount Pleasant miners was held on Saturday, at which a deputation of the Bulli men at tended. It was decided by the meeting to make a levy for the support of the Bulli men. Three men having been discharged from the mine, for having taken an active part in the formation of the Union, it was resolved to ask Mr. Lahiff, the manager, to allow them to return to work, failing which the matter will be brought before a special delegate meeting. A correspondent writes to say " that the statement made by the manager of the Bulli Company, and which succeeded in luring the Premier into a second edition of the 'Kiama Ghost Mystery,' has given the residents here a decided turn against the company. Some of the men who were at work up to that time, on seeing the police come down in such strong force, took it as intimidation on the part of the company, and turned out in support of the union," Pour of the Bulli men arrived in the city on Tuesday morning and will imme diately commence a canvass for fundB. Several small sums have come in from different places,.and support is promised from Victoria and South Australia. At present the sum of £230 per week is necessary to pay the miners their sustenance money. We understand that the directors of the company have had a full board meeting, and that, probably, a peaceful settle ment of the difficulty wili shortly be arrived at. A meting of the Trades and Labour Council was held on Thursday evening, at the Hyde Park Hotel, the president in the chair. Mr. Wynne, the secretary, and a deputation from the Bulli Mines Union were introduced, and gave to the meeting a full account of the circumstances under which the union had been formed and the action which had been taken up to date. The deputation having retired, it was deter mined to render them all the assistance in their power, and Messrs, Dickson, Hardie, and Walker were appointed to visit the various Booieties with the depu tation from Bulli to obtain all the necessary aid and assistance. In reply to several questions, Mr. Thomas White said that it had bean impossible to reinstate all the men of the Seamen's Union, owing to the vessels not having reached port, but ho maintained that the whole of the men would be back in their employ on Monday next. Ho had heard no complaints from the mon which had not boen satisfactorily explained to them. With respect to the technical school in connection with the School of Arts, the former committee were appointed to carry out such arrange ments as they might deem suüicicnt. The delegate from the Coopers' Sooiety severely condemned the conduct of the S. M. HERALD in issuing a wages list for their summary which was a direct falsehood, and which the editor had refused to rectify. The state ments made by Captain Smith and Mr. Dibbs at the reoent meeting of the Chamber of Commerce were also strongly condemned as faschoods and fallacies, and it was Btated that the Shipwrights Society would Bhortly call a publio meeting to refute what was stated BB to the trade in Sydney. The meeting then closed. EENETS.-In our advertising columns is an an nouncement from Mr. Harding, late the manufacturer of the celebrated Bodalla cheese, who is now offering a patent renet. This renet waB introduoed by Mr. Harding, and upwards of 200 tons were manufactured ot Bodalla from it ; and it was also extensively UBed in the Miokleover Cheese Factory, Derby, England, 