MORE GHOST STOEIES UNVEILED. ON ' the above subject, a correspondent sends as the following :- - A few years ago I removed into a new and larger bouse with a yonng family. Some nights after my removal I waa awakened in the middle of the night by.a distinot knook ing twice or thrioo repeated at my bedroom door. I called ont : " Who's tbere ? " There was no reply ; but after an interval of a few minnies the knocking was repeated as dis- tinctly as before. Again the sama question : " Who's lhere ? " and again no reply : but again came tbs knooking, if possible more distinot and louder than bototo, and just as if a person oatsido in the lobby bad struok sharply with his knuokleB on tho door. I sprang rapidly from bed on its being repeated, and rnshed to the bedroom door and opened it, determined to catoh the knooker. But tbere was no one outside ; and no ono could have escaped down the staircase, which was what is called a woll- stairoOBO, brilliantly lighted with a flood of moonlight, which streamed through tho skylight window. I am not and novar was spiril-striokon or superstitious ; but I will oohfeas my sensa- tions now became trying ; my heart bogan to throb, and I returned to bod with eats painfully awake. Again oamo the knocking, olear and distinct and methodical aa before. Although feeling very uneasy, I or rpi silently oat of bed and stretched myself oa the floor with my hoad on the boards and a few feet from the- bedroom door, to find ont if pos- sible from what part ot tho door the knook- ing proceeded. Again it carno aa before, and l eonid distinctly refer it to the lowest part or panol of the door. I suddenly opened the door ; but with tho same result as bef oro ; and again I lay in my former position. Again carno tba knooking, threo or four distinot taps ; and now fixing my eyes steadily on the spot from whioh the-tapping proceeded, I saw the knuokle bone of a leg of lamb, about the size of a very small-waluut, jerked repeatedly against the skirting that lay alongside the door. The skirting was thinner than the Boundlng-board of a piano ; and it waa the Budden tapping of the little bone ngainst tho sounding- board that produced the repeated knooking. But how was tho tapping produced P By a moase that bad found its way along tho hollow space behind the wainscot. It bad bored a hole in tho very lowest part of the wainscot, very nearly on a level witb tho floor, had found its little bono left after tho children's dinner, and had dragged it to tho. entranco of its bole, but could.not get it through. It had dragged through the tough bit of sinew whioh is attached to the end ot the bone-popularly known in mutton ns the Gentleman's Bono and was trying by jerking it backwards to bring the bone itself through ; and each jerk gave a blow against the thin sounding board, and eaoh blow gave out tba Bound or mysterious knook. Und I not discovered this, no reasoning could have convinced me that I had not heard knocks at my bedroom door ; and I should in all probability have attributed them to what is termed super- natural agenoy. My nest experience was if possible mora puzzling. In the neighbourhood of Dublin, on tho rooky sea-coast of Dalkey, thora are eovoral castles supposed to have been oreotod by the Danes for tba proteotion of their traders. They are still iu fair preservation, and have dwolling-housos of modern con- struction built against them. One of these old castles stands on the very verge of the .Bea, ovor what was once n rooky inlet, but is now a harbour called Bullock Barbour, along the opposite side of whioh is a row of fishermen's cottages, principally inhabited by mon who earn their livolihood as pilots. The dwelling-house attached to this old castle I with'my family occupied in the Bummer, for health's sake and tc enjoy boat- ing, of whioh I was fond. I observed some time after taking up my residence in it, that no matter at what time I retired to bed-and I generally sat up one or two honrs after the other members of my family had retired tho servants from tho hitohen story selected the same moment tot their departure. Thia unceasing regularity beoamo nt last annoying, and I insisted on knowing the causo. The information given to mo was that the old castle and houso wera haunted, and that for no indaaoment would the ser- vant's remain after I had ascended from tho parlour. I had now reason for thinking there was some ground for the fears. The pantry particularly, and the rost of tba houso with it, were walked over by footsteps at night. These wore plainly heard ; and tbere was oddod an additional aggravation ; for, not content with this, tba " supernatural " visitor began to do mischief, and generally in the gray of tho morning made free with eatablOB and pols of jam on the ehelves, occasionally brooking a gloBs or plato I To add to the mystery, though the pantry waa carefully looked every night the depredations Btill continued, and at length tba terror of oaoh night's visitation became greater and greater, and the various atones bogan to be oirau lated, one being that the visitant WSB tho spirit ol a nun condemned to snffor tho pangs of hanger for some transgression. This wuB supported by the oiroumstnnoo of the old oastle «nd grounds having been some years boforo ocoupied as a convent. The only opening into tho pantry waa through a ventilator in tho roof, vary high np, and ad joining one of tbo lofty wolla of the old oastle, Through thia no human being could obtain an entranoe; bat it was entered by a monkey, who oamo to it in this way. One of the pilot-boats was taking off a pilot to a ship, to relieve tho one on duty, whoa the monkey, sick I suppose of the 6on, and determined not to loso the opportunity, jumped into the boat, and on nearing the shore, jumped oat again, and sought the nearest shelter, which happened to be tho old oastle. The ship was from the West Indies, laden with sugar. The monkey, though missed from tho homeward boand, was unnoticed by the pilot orew, and finding bis way from the castle to the ven tilator of tho adjoining dwolling- honso pantry, sought to allay his hanger there when all WOB quiet at night.. By day the oreatnre lay hidden in tho old oastle ; and lt was only after a lapse of many days and nights that poor Jacko waa discovered peeping out from his lodging in tba old Norman keep 1 . It not nnfrequontly happens that houses aro haunted, and kept hunnted, by certain perBonB who have a direct interest in keeping up the silly trioU. In the Burna neighbour- hood-tho neighbourhood of tho old oastlo was a houso reputed to' be haunted, and whioh has maintained its reputation tormore than two snmmera. Footsteps aro heard at night, doors are slammed, and on one ooon Bion, jugs of water hnvo been poured upon some members of the family, to their groat discomfort. The ghost bas been olever, and has not yet been caught ; bat the solution is not far to find, as the oare-taker baa a oom ! fortablo residence gratis, whioh is lost when I the houBo is let and ocoupiod for the season. -Chamber's Journal. " I 