OUR CITY LETTER. ([From our own Correspondent.} Adelaide, November 24", 1879. Ihere is considerable uneasiness. at Port ;Adelaidc withrespect to the^ fate "o f » youth, named John Smith, -who disappeared, from home mysteriously gom'e days agoi ■■ He is a lad of respectable parentage, engaged as. billiard marker at the Club, and I understand no cause .can be assigned-that w°uld render it probable that he liasiAirf^Mvay from home. It seems that he started after tea about eight in the evening from hishome in Grlanville to go to his duties ait the. iSlub: He never reached that establishment, and all-efforts to trace him, which have extendl^Siow over seven-days, have failed. The affair is cei$ainly a curious one- . - .:_ *?££»?,-- - - Old Adelaideans will remember Mr. Drought, who was for some time an officer in the police force inJfche City,-i»atilefiiis forVtct6ria. Mr. Drought has been eettled«-in Sandhurst, has attained the rank oE Sub-Inspector, and -so merited the consid oration of the chief of the department that he has been called upion to fill a position iu Melbourne of considerable responsibility. His fellow citizens in Sand hurst are, however, determined not to allow him. to leave without giving him some token of their esteem. '■ They have accordingly had an illuminated address prepared which it is intended to present to Mr._ Draught. The ad dress is now in Adelaide^ pnjl will be on view this week. I; have'liith the pleasure of. in specting it, and it is certainly a very beautiful piece of workmanship, ; " ITew men and oyiaicres " prpved an im mense success at the Theatre Royal on Satur day night ; the house was-crowded, the act ing was excellent, and the scenery- the finest ever seen in Adelaide. A view of Elgin Csthedral, a really grand picture painted by : Mr. George Gordon, who originally did it.for the Court'The&tre; in tondon, whete T saw it some years ago,"was greeted- with.rounds <£'■ applause. Nothing to equal it lias ever been been here before. The opening niglit of Mrs. Bates and Mr. Hamilton at the Academy of Music was not a success so far asgetting an audience was concerned. I trust, however, that as they are both good artistes, the little house will be fairly crowded to see them before long. Adelaide, November 26. Few among the inhabitants of Adelaide have the least idea- of the vice and misery which prevails in the city.. Every one who can, lives in the. 8nbjjrbsr. and, by the time business houra areiove^bfet-is,-to say atfrom six- to seven o'clock inthe-; evening, except when an occasional visit to a.place of amuse- j ment brings them back again to Adelaide, the j streets of the city are practically a terra in cognita to the well to-do-husbands, wives, and mothers of the community.Occasionally, no doubt, they get a glimpse of -some of the vice flaunting in their midst as they pass to and fro from their carriages at the door, of the Theatre, but it is.only a glimpse, and. a pass ing one. Policemen anijaewspaper men, whose occupation calls them .into our dark thoroughfares at hours wh^jooskvespectable folk are in bed, feiow only tqauBfdl fsylMt their .eoiuLiiiouvis, ariiitliat it is almost ipjSasMfelse'. i to walk any distance without meeting with women with whom virtue is a thing unnamed. They also know that-Jback in the slums and : alleys of Adelaide there are; -houses, scarcely fit for habitation, where sights are to be seen that make tbe blood run cold. L often think it is a pity that the men and women who are rearing families in comfortable houses and bringing up their sons and daughters, so far as lies in their power, to be virtuous and God fearing, cannot see more of- the lives of their wretched sisters. The statistics of the Des titute Asylum, andfthe slight reference every - now and again in the poliee reports to children of a tender age being coteiHtted to the Indus trial School as deemed to - be neglected, might' long ago have opened the eyes of the public generally to what was going-ou around them, but they so seldom read that it is no wonder such has not been the case. Attention has, howiver,- at last been fairty aroused" by the inquest on the body of an unfdttanate baby, only seven months old, named Frederick Gar ten Thomas. Thff-story that the'examination of the mother and her companions revealed was simply appalling. The child was born in the D^Btitute^Asylum, and at. the same time three other young women, domestic servants like the incrtller, also had children in the ssme insti tution. Three of the women agreed with the other that whau:.they.; -leftt he - Asy 1 u m they should confide: their 'children to her.oare;-each paying her eight shillings aW«ek. A most -extraordinary compact, and one which can admit, it is to be fearedfJmt <5fone explana tion, for they codlft scarcely fexpect a young woman, unmarried and without' .experience, to support hetself jinji take: charge,Qf 5our young infants: on" {Wenty-four shillings a week. The Boheme was. not carried out at first j the infant Thomas not having been confided to -AlicfeLemm, such Was the woman's name, by its mother for some time. In pur suance of the compact, how^ver.thebhild . was senti-at last} and fclthtftigh previously healthy died in two "months, r of Srftat' the : medical man examined' terrnHsci'enEifioally \- miaSKTH3i "which>'iii'"p&jn; "words-wenTis siir vatic^i. -.Not only^ ^o, fbnfc'the evidence disV. ; closeHhat another 6fi the«McbeiirHifed under ; precisely similar circumstanees not manydays ! ag"i and that the two children still remaining ■ in Lemm's house yesterday are in. a dying ; strifcp. Now there was teiy little evidence that Lemm had actually neglected the chil dren.. In fact -one of the' mothers'said'she. was quite satisfied everything that conid hfe done .had been done for-her nhiM. Ofcfifer witnesses, however, tell of the children, in fants remember, only -«even -months old, being left aloqg in the house untste&idnight; on one or two. • occasions,- when their nurse was engaged in the avocation by "which she seems to gain, a living. In the end, the jtirv taking, no dotibt, the view that the girl, for Bhe is little more, had sinned more in igno rance than intention, contented themselves with finding a verdict of natural death, and I passing a formal vote of censure, upon her. Personally, I strongly dissent from the ver- I diet, and I believe there is a very strong feci- j ing in the city, that a very different one should have been retafrhed. Certainly I know that had my respected old friend Dr. Lankester, long oue of the Coroners for Middlesex, bedh in Mr. Ward's position yesterdav, Aliife Lemgi. would probably have had to stand tfife peril of a criminal trial. With one of the observations ofthe jury I fully agree, and that is in the 'necessity for some institution for the reception of foundlings. I know it is frequently argued in England that the exis tence in London of such as that known in. Paris - as^ "Les Enfants Troures" would simply give a premium to vice, and that the London Foundling Hospital, so justly cele brated, is not Open to children who know not' their father's name. I take it for granted that the English authorities are ri|ht, and that the ordinary provisions of the Poor Law suffice to meet the exigency of the cage in that; country. Here,-however, we live under verb: different circumstances, and I venture to say;, that iof: London there is not in proportion £qI the peculation;anything fike the number q£ -children brought-into the world in &hame; and! sorrow* as here. The evil is a crying and I: fear an increasing one, and it seems to me: that it .is the duty of the community, if not .' of the State, to save these unfortunate infents," either from murder at -the hand^ of the" mother, as was the case not long ago, or froni death by starvation at a baby farm.'. Those little ones are as much the children of the State as any others, and it seems to he it's plain duty to provide some system whereby despite their early misfortune, they may at* ■any rate have the chance of becoming honest ! men and women and useful colonists. It seems ti me that in our case no remedy could.. well be. worse than the disease as it is some-, iimes said foundling-hospitals are ; therefore I sincerely ho£e to see the matter taken up with spirit. To pass to matters less grave. The nomi nations'for the Mayoralty &nd; for the Coun cillorships took place at the; Town TTn.ll this afternoon. For the former Mr. Colton had seventeen proposers and the same number of seconders, and Mr. Smith had no less «Mn three hundred and twenty-three proposers and seconders, quite a little army of backers. It will- be a hot, a very hot contest, and although I must say I do not like the tactics of Mr. Smith and some of ;his supporters, I - shall not be soyry to see him go in with a triumphant majority. In all the wards there will be; a contest. In Hindmarsh there are no less than four candidates for municipal honors, in Grey Ward there are three, and in Young Ward four. The redoubtable Sammv is of course again wooing the sufferages of the Grey ratepayers, and unless either Dr. Joyce or Mr. Madge retires, I fear he will get in. I am not an admirer of Mr. Madge, but he served in the Council well before, and he would be decidedly preferable to the little bill discounter. As for Dr. Joyce, as colonial courtesy dubs him, although he has no title to the learned appellation ..being merely a Wgeon ; he is an excellent f§ljow, genial and good hearted. But it seems to me he ought "to; retire from the contest, if for no other reason that he is struggling into a consider able ^practice, and lie will find attending to the affairs of the city will -not pay him so well as looking after his patients. Why in fact he should be at all anxious to enter the Civic bear-pit no one seems to know; but anxious he is, and canvassing actively. Mr. Smith certainly carries off the palm, from his rifal in the way of ingenious advertising. Not only has he sought to enlist the anti Chinese sympathies of the ratepayers by circulating a placard bearing the likeness of a fatuous looking celestial, who announces his preference for Colton, as he is in favour of Chinese labor; but he has himself represented in the clutches of two brawny gendarmes in ■ imitation of the well-known caricature from the comic opera of Oenpvieve de Brabant with the legend beneath " We'll run him in." His best .advertiser -is, however^; thequondaai: proprietor of the Portoriian, who despite the labours undergone in tie production-of his work on Zuliiland, (has lost nothing of the rotundity of his frame. This gentleman it is well-known possesses two inimitable Scotch terriers, which as he himself says he has named as being emblematical of the principles upon which their master exists',Cheek and Tick." For some days the dogs have been perambulating' the streets with their master, each bearing on its head a label admonishing electors to "vote for Smith.", Their owner remarked to .me the other day those dogs have imbibed their master's prin ciples. I tried to makethfeni jio. a li.ttle.fpr/ the other sideby 'sticking a label with " Tote ^fqr^Qolton" on it upon their backs, but the ] 'rascals rolled over on the floor " and rubbed , them off'again! Not bad that' for Moodie! : There is a story I hear as to his bock, which is Worth keeping in remembrance against next session. I say nothing against the book, for it is a very good book in its Way, although I 'must say I think it is coming it somewhat strong for the Advertiser first to publish an extract from it in a review and then to repub lish the selfsame extract three days afterwards as a subleader. But this is apart. My grievance, well, it is scarcely a grievance, but, at any rate, I hear that 150 copies of the work have been, through the author's' in fluence in certain quarters, purchased iy the Government at the full price of £1 each, which, by the. way, is monstrously dear. I presume they intend to distribute them to the country Institutes, but I must, say I think that information as to the Zulu war might have been purchased at a cheaper rate. Will some member ask about tli-s £150 next session ? I fancy the boy Smith mystery is likely to turn out as great a one as the robbery of mathematical instruments and the .numerous hotel burglaries that have lately taken place. . I observe with reference to the robbery of in struments .from Mr. Kees's office, that a full ■ description of-them has-been published in an advertisement. The locals, in. the Adelaide dailies give rather, curious turn to the affair, by hinting that the object" of the advertise ment is to attract the attention of pawn brokers specially to the matter j as-if the thief were ^'.professional. man he might easily have pawned the instruments without suspicion. 'Has it indeed come to this, that money is so tight-thatarchitects and.wrveyors :so com-' monly raise money on their instruments that the circumstance of & respectable member of the profession depgsitijjg his. compasses and rulea with his uncle would cause' no surprise in.tljeJbreast of that iflc|iyid\iajlj. ,31^ sugges tion '§£* s^tp"gif. my breath away. "Then tiieiiea that one pro fessional, gen^lemem in distress ha^ng^ippypd fQl'his own inBtrumfqt§^.o4yi-l>ej ; to purloin those of" a brother {>rc&ifo6t;* for the ' punposp/of ©f Taisirrglft. Joaii bn- .fbeflfv.' Ult' 18. • reilly loo awful ! Joking apart, however, it does not.^nji'.r|i|i)Al.fasf tlfehajjBityTof our police that these cciuu-a bare gone so long {undetected. r T *« The Academy of Music was suddenly closed ion UM'Iai I ■am informed, appear to- be not very creditable jrirpumstaocep. •; ij^Vsjtn^Kg c<J»ppaJjjfJ!lwkt beeic •^amiltop, #pd ;3£r.; M^;:B^nadon^, bHfc-.' jtlje,. fli^agenient.appeais,. to^ havebeen bad* ■ arid lt is said, promises were made by the.iessee in Melbourne tothe artistra'hfi^gage&^hitfh he.3Yfls.uiiabl£;:to, -fivK1, 'Bjrglfibfc consequence haCbeen.an utter -QoUapae. ifes;; Bates and Mr.Hamiltoq return sfpFfchwith tenMielbourne, so also I understand;do the IJernctans. The case of the poorernvembereofthe company isfitill harder; for to. usg a professional phraseji;am told the ghost has not walked for -neatly a fortnight, in other; words, they haire feteeited no salary. Somehow or <#lKJr^cLespitai.its central position the Academy. idioes iiot answer as., a, place of ; amusement .' Some houses, like ships, are .unlucky. .Th£>-theatri cal wan d id ^eferred to. in my. : Jnst haa feeen siettled without a public expos os»;;Am ample Apology was tendered "by^ Mr. Garner, and accepted by the injured gentleman, and other matters in dispute hare been referred to- the arbitration of Mr. Theodore -Hamilton. The performances of the Comedy Company con tinue to be extremely popular. •• , v November $7... - The usual report of the -discovery of the real and veritable Arthur Orton, quondam butcher • of. ; Wajjping,. which . j-annjially seems' in " the s^.£ -,«»30ii "to take the place in Australia * of the monster gooseberries and sensational • centenarians in England, has cropped up again. AKyneton newspaper is'ansWe^ble fer it thiS tupej 'and it' is- now said f hat documentary evidenceof 1 his Metf&feyand; a history of Ms career: in" ttiaj colony feince i^7jp_foijfii»ming^^Sidh, .Hfis1, in fact, been placeft in the hands of no'Iess a person than Dr. L. L. Smith, r of Melbbicne, who has promised 4o ;bring the matterbefore the . Vidtorian Paiifeement. What precise good the communication of the discoveiy to the Victorian legislature will do I cannot see.*"jn such a case, I should have thought the straight-forward and most speedy course would have heen to submit tlfe documents to the Home Secretary in England, wh6. would at once investigate the truth or otherwise of the story. Whether the man now undergoing pdial servitude in England ia or is not Arthur Orton does- not seem to me of much importance. As one who sat day after .day iu court, both during the first trial for eject ment and that which folio wedrfor perjury, ,^L would venture to stake my" existence that j^e man was not Roger Charles Doughty Tich borne. To a certain extent he 'eras clever, and he had been well coached—in niatiy ' casesl in nocently, as for example by Rpuse—but I be lieve there was uounprejudicedperson wholeft the court the day when his sentence was pro nounced, but was convinced be was an im poster. Touching the boy. Smith who ao: myster iously disappeared fk>m Port Adelaide some days since* a despatch bafe been received from Dunkeld, in Victo^ja, ^boijt 230 miles from Adelaide^ stating;that "at l^y .answenng the, description of the runawayhsid passsd -through I that place en route for Melbourne. : It ia of cou'rse possible that the missing boy might have traversed the distance in.the time; but youths do not usually $tart off for Melbourne without a supply; of clothes, and if the youngster had intended td proceed to another colony for reasons best known to" himself, it seems tome that as a resident "of Port Ade- • laide he would have found a trip on board a. steamer, a by far more convenient method than doing the journey overland. 