;£®R^TJB8M.EH3:&: DE OEOIX'S 'COMBINATION; ' COMPANY. ! This company gave their opening perfor mance at the Oddfellows' Hall on Monday evening, before a very fair and certainly enthusiastic audience, tho back seats being crowded. Baby Osborno is certainly a pretty and 'graceful, dancer; but as yet wo have seen nothing in her performance to justify the statement that she is the only rival, of Baby Benson. Porhaps it is premature to express our opinion, as she confined herself exclusively to dancing a Spanish Valse, tho_ Highland Fling, and the Sailor's Hornpipe, in each of which she was encored. Mr Harvey has a fair tenor voice, and sang the 'Death of Nelson' and ' The Gallants of England.*' His rendering of 'Whip poor Will' was very good, and the' warbling imitations being a triumph of the art of whistling was ' deservedly applauded. Mr Patsy Gill, tho Irish vocalist, was very successful in his numerous and varied songs. ' The' fiih but of Water' was encorod, and Mr Gill responded with ' They all do it,' and| the 'Launceston Policeman,' a character song, being highly applauded. Mr Gill came forward with ?' Patsy mind the Baby.'' ''Jhey all laughed at Paddy' was a touching song of an Irish y now' chum's ' experiences in the' colonies. The 'Irish Carman,' a charac ter song, was also proclaimed a favorite. Mr Hugo makes a good 'nigger.' Ho sang several songs which were pointed by accompanying plantation dances, and these took the audience by storm.. 'Tho Squeedunk Warrior' was amusing in the extreme ; . and the stump oration, ' What Odds ?' was a most empbatio speech, the emphasis being chiefly due to the contact of an umbrella with the table. Mr Do Oroix's feati on the , invisible wire were certainly the feature of tbe entertainment. Mr Do Oroix looked as if he was sus pended in air, and was quite at home on his perilous resting place. He lat re clined and walked on the wire, and accomplished some remarkable and daring achievements, ..-' While standiDg on one leg he balanced plates, and threw up and caught three balls, knives, and lighted torches. .After personating a Highland warrior, he lighted a Catharine. wheel, and amidst a shower of fire presented a very imposing tableau. He picked up a hand kerchief from the . wire, a most difficult undertaking, which was successfully per formed. He passed through a hoop several times and with rapidity, and in fact kept up the interest of his audionce for a long time by his varied perfor mances. The entertainment concluded with a laughable i, farce, entitled ' Darcy Reeve's Ghost.' Mr Lisle aoted as ac companist on, the piano, and alto took part- in the farce. ? This company gave another performance at the Oddfellows' Hall last evening be fore a large* and. enthusiastic audience The programme was almost the same as on the previous evening. Baby Otborne gave a few dances in a very graceful manner, amongst which were the High land Fling, the Sailor's Hornpipe and others. M. Do Croix again appeared in his wire rope performances, and it is needless to say gave immense satisfaction. ' The wire feats which he performed were of the most clever character, comprising sitting and walking on a wire not the thickness of an ordinary hairpin, while :standing' on the wire on boe leg he balanced several plates at once, and at tlie'snme time threw up and caught balls, knives, and lighted torches. He, then without getting off the wire clangod his costume to that of a Highland warrior, and went through the broadsword'exercise. He concluded his performance, by light ing an immense Catherine wheel, and amidst a heavy, shower of fire swinging himself gracefully backwards and for ward i on the wire. Mr Gill and Mr Hugo, also rendered some excellent songs, which were. well rendered.; The entertain ment will be repeated this evening. 