THE HOUSE IN BATTERSEA FIELDS. . ; . ClIAI'TEB I. . . . s IT wflB a clear, cold; Dccembor afternoon.: Tho sun. was sinking in d veil of dull red lmzb, and : tlio ri vor looked dark and dreary^ while, '.from tho 'wide expanse of BattorBoa Fields, a .thin groy mist was rising, that .formed itself <into tho most fantastic shapes, as if the ghosts of tho; departed' worthies,' who, intho days of; the " Whito Mask," made these marshy lands , 'so unsafe a thoroughfare, had risen from their | tombs to tako' a bodiloss promenade in the.old iamiliar spots-, - ' ' , '????? A. woo before the snn ffaod douu. ' | A German hand, stationed upon the. (^elsea Bide of the river, was playing, Very melodiously, a popular opera air, arranged asawuUz-the Bweetest', and, at the same timo, the saddest I music, to which human! feet have eter danced. ' On tho bridge, a lady stood listening to the music and watchiog the sotting sun. She was ! tall ,and 'slender, and very graceful,: but tho heavy crapo veil she wore entirely hid her face. A. ' small, black-gloved hand held- that veil tightly over her chin, and through iu sable folds bhe 'gaBed' at "tho water and the clouds/ without turning her' head, 'as ono wayfarer after another passed her by. Many a glance was sent in her . direction, but alio I took no heed.. The panorama of her life was I Sassing before her, in that strain.'of mournful j ance-music, and in that she was entirely ab- ! ebrbocl.. She saw herself, a shy and neglected childj in a lonely country house-a' clever and brilliant school-girl, ybt still unloved-then", for a brief, bright time; the idol and tho star of the best and the gayest society-then, what'she I was now ra Pleaid, lost, indeed^ but not re-! gretted-a woman,"forgottenj'unfloticed, and unknown, by. those, who hud .once been proud to welcome her to their hearts arid hbmoa. Ah, miserable change ! Ah, melancholy music,, to whifcK sho had so ofteri waltzed, ih those hotter and brighter days! How came ic to pasB, that she,«who had*once listened..to it in splendid ball-rooms, should hear, it now, ;pulsing and throbbing across the dark river,: while she stood, neglected and alone,'beneath tho tower of Ohelfiea bridge P , . , The music ceased, and with it the spell that had-bound her to the spot seemed broken-* She drew a long sigh, and turning away, with a muttored." This will never do I" crossed over tq^the'Battersea sido. Tho snn went.down, arid! the1 air grew; cold and sfcafrpi aa"the bight closed'in. .Along tho banks of the deserted river gleamed the twinkHng lights-all over the fields and'marshes thby shone, and. up and down the diverging line that marked the rail* road(cutting from Viotoria station to London bridge.,. * , . ? ,;But' there was pne house,' from.whoBo Hm-, Hows camo no sign of lifo. or occupancy.'' It wM'a'tall, narrow, melancholy-looking 'build-* ing/'of dark- brown stone, which; stood quite fry itself,'' and close npon the banks of tho^river.' Thero were many traditions afloat concerning thisi deserted place among the dwellers in Battersea. The elder people said'that it had originally been built for an engino-house; but the contractor died a bankrupt, and the master builder ran away with the engine, and so, be- i tween them it had come to grief.. The owners j had cither forgotten it, or found some other i building more suitable for their purposes, since there it stood, year after year, an empty shell, J of no use to any ono, and a mero blot and eye-, sore upon tho not very cheerful landscape. In all probability, this was tho true verslou'of its! history ; but you could not liavo induced a* Bihgle child in the neighbourhood to believe tho tale, either for love, sugar-plums, od money. No: tho .young inhabitants of Battersea had by no means gjvou up the peculiar inherit* ance of childhood-that spirit of trusting romance, that throws a glamour over every thing, and will over demand;' an improb able rather than a probablo solution .of life's deepest or simplest mysteries 'alike. . So^to tho elders of the town; the building might remain a: deserted "engine-honse; but to: their" ohildron it muBtalwaysbo a 'l eave of mystery," a " hall of goblins," ai4<place with an evil, name'.""; Thoy novorpassed it, but with bated breath - and' scurrying; steps-they shivered in1 their warm beds at night'over the thought of it, and turned'that way. with'a delicious thrill of horiified 8eourity*.when walking, by their" fathers' or mothers' side, to " the'sound of the church-going bell," thoy saw it, rising, duVk" and lonely, upon tho barrou shore. Few among thorn would havo ventured near it after durk. Tho boldest, of their .nutubor would not have dared to stand ou tiptoe, and look through tho. dirt-encrusted panes to soo what really waa within. Consequently, when two Battersea. boys who had "been Hent to Harrow, returned for tho Christmas holidays, and affected to inako light of their former torrors, tho hair of the young people stood on end. But when the bold .advonturcrs actually stated that they: believed a treasure was lyiug hid in tho field-" behind the <<lHannted Houso," and'that, on the' firstiino oVoning, they intended to go and dig it 'tip, words would fail to picture the terror that entered the Bouls of their hearers. Tho two Har row boys were looked upon as doomod from that instant; and though not a child ventured to whispera word to its parents touching ^ the expedition, the direst surmises wero entertained as to its results, and many a young conspirator went to bed that night, at eight o'clock, won dering vaguely, if Tom and HarryWould' bo found in the field tho next morning, torn limb from limb, and whiit tU'6'judgo and"jury would nay,to thorn for having known what tljoy, were going to do,' without telling sonjo ,oiie Hvho would havo,put a speedy ohd to so rash and daugorous an undertaking. . \ i - Of all those things, howovor, tho] lady in widow's, woods could huvo , known nothing^' sinco she' held Hor courec-^by villiw,/terraces, and squares-straight towards tho lonely build-. ing near tlib rivor. Sho glancod round oucp; gr twice ou her way, but no ono was obaorviug ?""Ditt m she .passed, but failed to boyond tho thick folds of orapo in which that face was shrouded. W'do^-,po,or.,taki«8 home some sowing, most likely! was his mental comment upon,tho apparition, und then a squabble betyoeu ;two Irishmen, coming through the noxt street, engaged his attention, and ho qnite zorgot to see in what direction too M Bowing" was taken. He would have given h is ears, two da^rs later, if ho had only been at liberty to do It waaquito dark when the lady reached the haunted houso. Glancing sharply across the , silent and deserted field, and seeing that no one was watohing her, sho glided in through the broken iron railings, and hid herself be neath the friendly branches of some atraortrline trees,, that grew beaido the door. Then cams a ;long silence, only broken by the stir of tha wind, among the trees, the sweU and murmur ] Trl,Ter, allli the timing of the Brompton and Chelsea church bolls, . that sounded faintly, as if . they were .ringing milei and miles away, blie listened with a weary sigh, as she had listened to the music on the bridge. What had sho to do with churches aid church bolls, as she crouched beneath those trees, a lonely, , a desperate, and a wicked woman. , Sho started suddenly..' Far up the road she heard a stop, and a. voice. The step came nnnjy and gaily on-tho. voice vr&a; sioging. in a subdued tone, but very, oorrectly, the old DAilua-" Ho turned him right and round about ; v - upon the Irishshore, .... ; . Ho ct.tc his bridle reins a shako, : J ' With, adlon.for evermore, my loro! ' V'i; ? -Adioa;foroyormoro{ . '' The lady listened and laughed-a hitter little laugh. Then she waited patiently in her covert till the'song ceased, and the singer was within two feet of heir. - ' As he fumbled impa tiently with'tho rusty lock of the door, she laid her hand upon his arm. He gave a'quick J 7 hut tho first sound of her voice reassured niaU ' v-! ' " I am here before you, Hichard." . . "Tho deuce , you are,"- he replied, testily : and at your -old trioks again, frightening a man out of his senses before he knows you are anrohwe near him. .' I have been reading Tho Night Side of Nature,' and hang mo, if i aid not think one' of lira. Crowe's ghosts had got hold of mo!" ". . . : " Mrs. Crowe's ghosts being the oiily ones yoirbave^ any reason to fear, I suppose," re phea the lady drily. . . Bah ! There',-the door is open at last, ttive me your hand. You wiU fall over the step and break yorir neck, i suppose, the first tiling! ., - . ; , . " Thank you; I can see in the dark as well as a cat, and -will not trouble yon to lead me. (xo in first,'andtZHtiU follow you." " . The-man'obeyed, ninttei'ng something be tween his teeth as he did so. -He groped his way'along5-the. passage for a moment: then strnck a match;- and- 'finding a small' dark JanWrn upon a-shelf brfort him, he Jit the oandle, ^placed it npon a xongh wooden table, and sitting down" upon a workman's benoh, ho motioned his visitor to do the same. "Safo enough here-you can scold me as much as you like," he observed. "The pas sago has no window? and the light can tell no tales. Now, then,, out with it! ' What do yoti want to say to me P . * The lady glanced round the place. He had spoken truly. They were in a narrow stone passage, which was.blooked up by the table and the_ bench. Beyond thein loomed the (treat unfurnished- hall, full of dark shadows, and faint mysterious noises made bv the light feet of the rata, whoso peculiar haunt and home it was. The lady shuddered in spite of herself. a pl®00 to live in!" she ejaculated. ?You may well say that, mv dear; bnt no One wants to live hero that I Know of. In fact, X' huye solu tho old shed for building material and it will bo carted away next week. So this' W1,ri? °nr t'-ys'insr-plfico no longer, Julia." . You . are> Tight,'' Bho said, with a steady glance in his-direction 'that discomposed him strangely. "I huvo met you here twioe, but I shall nover meet yon hero again, Richard!" "Ofpourse-you will not," ho replied,impati ''Have I not said already that the .budding is Bold f There is no .such, need to ! speak m such a churchyard tone about it ; And why don't you put up that horrible veil; it makes ino as nervous as a cat. I could fancy all sorts of things b'ehind it-a Death's head. Mokanna himself, or tho dead bi-ido of Bubv Kiuns!" . . 3 . Yqu'.aip 'fanciful,", said:tho Iadv, coldly . "however, to ploaso;you--" , ' ? Sho lifted hor voi!. ' Heroompariion glanced ' ?' ?°r'J£U?f startod back, as if Hbkahna'a face . had indeed appoared to him. For it was not a young and elegant hdy who looked at him-it was .a, serious woman of fifty, with smoeth Ibtmded neatly about her faded and furrowed face." * The mem little laugh, that rang upon his car did not add to his good humour. . stage-always masqaorad l ing ! ho exclaimed, with a look of disgiit. ' noH .A*. events, you woro [ mcoIy_ taken in. \ ou woro ready to faint at tha thought that you had let some stranger into the mysteries of this Bluebeard chambor of vours .Confessit 11- .'Bloefceari about ine, Julia. ' - , . . :' ' ' . ' I: tte joalonsyi and the plurality of Lwl*c?.v *opliod tho mocking voice. , ' rho man's fa'co flushed hotly.' ' I - mako an end to this folly," ho said, abruptly.' " You sprit to say that you must «eo imo,- and that; it' must bp where no one'ooiild witness tho interview/' I loft a pleasant^ilinnor :P."rtr.. trudged all tho -nay horo'on' foot' to do your bidding, imd now I find you riggod out ;liko ail old womnu, and withlyour head full of :all sorts of importiriorit jost. ; If you really havo' any, lot me hear it'; if riot, I aiay ?as ivpll go baclc'to tov.;n." . .whoni lio addressed was tho most :passionato, high-spirited, resentful croature imiigiaablo. Tho tiirio had been when, if ha had dared to apeak in such a tano to her, she wotild htitb laid him dead at her feet. He knew this Well/ afld in tho old dayshe bod been afraid, terribly afraid of her. But years of absence had deadened those ifflpfessions. He was no longer a cowed and trembling wretch. He was himself once more, a gay bachelor, a "man about town," a momber of "society," who was not going to allow himself to be brow beaten by a woman any moro. The faint light of the candle Bhone fall upon him, as he dat in his faultlcsB dinner-drees, playing carelessly with a bunch of charms appended to his watch chain. Ho was a tall, slight man of forty.five, with a face, whose aristocratic featnres and aristocratic pallor laid many a claim to beauty; and his light grey eyes, and drooping whiskers and moustache, marked the " London swell," almost as distinctly as the faded, languid, blati appearance, which seemed to say-"Lookhere, I have seen everything, done everything, got tired of everything, and I can't be bored, you know!" Around those light grey eyes were the mischievous tracks of crow's feet, and the once abundant blaok hair was turning white, and thinning rapidly from the forehead; yet still he was a very elegant and handsome man. The bright eyes of the lady scanned him * rapidly from head to foot, yet she did not appear inclined to resent his impertinence in the least. She smiled, and her voice was vory sweet, as Bhe observed , " And so you left a dinner-party to come to ae, Richard?" v. "I did". ::< . "How kind! Who-was there?" s, " Some of the officers,- a peer or -two, and any. number of beautiful ladies," he - added smiling. ''I ought to feel greatly flattered. - And you are in society still . Of .course lam.".... Its ornament, its delight t" " Well, as to that,I cannot say,".-hVxepHed,; with a complacent smile,; as he stroked his moustache. " Bat people are not qaite tired .of seeing me, and I flatter myself, if you want I an evening to go off well " I must apply to you. Exactly I You sing,: you play the guitar, you dance, and you flirt beautifully! What an acquisition yon. are to society, Richard I He nodded hia head. "Nevertheless, yon cannot return to your agreeable dinner party just yet. The peers, and the officers, and the beautiful ladies most- all wait till I have my say, and to do so com fortably I shall lock the door." She suited-the action to the word, and the key creaked dismally as she turned it in the rusty lock. 