ITEMS OF NEWS. The Shire Council of Newstead accepted ten- ders yesterday for extensive road work, amount ing in tho aggregate to about £500. The collector of the Hospital acknowledges £2 2s from the employees of Mr M'Namara, Chow- ton Creek works. The Port Phillip Company, Clunes, during the month of February crushed 4430 tons of quartz, and obtained 1437oz of gold. The Castlemaine Rifles are notified to assemble at the Railway Station at 4 p.m. to-morrow, in order to attend battalion parade at Kyneton. Those desirous of forming a committee to aid in tho City of Glasgow Bank Relief Fund, are invited to meet at tho Town- hall to-morrow even ing, at eight o'clock. Owing to the indisposition of tho Rev. W. Allen, tho " Candle Lecture" which was to have been given this evening in the Congregational Church, is postponed till the 18th inst. A snake six feet in length was killed yesterday at Harcourt. It was observed ready to make a spring at a young sportsman, when he quickly fired at and shot it. We are requested to notice that Stracde Bros, only hold possession of Mr Palmer's premises at Campbell's Creek for a fortnight, and that everything must be sold within that time. Mr J. Kemp reports the rainfall for tho week ending Saturday, March 1st, as follows : — Malms- bury reservoir, U.O/in. ; Expedition Pass, 0. 14in. ; Barker's Creek, 0.07in.; Sutton Grange channol, 0\. uOin. A complimentary benefit is to be given in the Primitivo Methodist School-room, Campbell's Creek, to-morrow evening, to Mr Sineock. Ever foremost in giviug his services to aid others, a largo audience is sure to meet him to reciprocate the kindness shown by thi3 gentleman. The return match betweon tho Castlomaine and Sandhurst assistant butchers takes place to morrow at Sandhurst. Tho local team will bo chosen from A. Muirlioad (captain), J. Mackay, W. Muirhead, F. Duggan, D. Green, J. Green, J. M'Lean, J. Yeomans, J. Marsh, W. Lawes, R. Fisher, H. Webb, C. M'llhony, C. Young, J. M'Mahon, A. Prior. At the Police Court yesterday the' Police Magistrate cleared the sheet, which was a light one, consisting of three inebriates, who had held high carnival on Saturday night. Two were allowed to depart after receiving a salutary ad- Inonition from tlxe P.M. The third did uot es cape so easily, as he had to contribute 5s to the rovenuo, and pay 3s cost. The 21st anniversary of tho Loyal Chewton Lodge, with the J uvenile Lodge, will bo held on tho recreation grouud, at Chewton, on Wednes day, when there will be a picnic and unlimited amusement for young and old. The Volunteer Band will be in attendance, discoursing abun dance of music to enliven the party, and to set tho dancers in motion. Lest tho day bo not enough to satisfy the merrymakers tho evening is to bo occupied with a social dance in the Odd- follows' hall, which shall form a fitting termina tion to this meeting of friends. In the match between Lord Harris's team and twenty-two of Ballarat, the former made the largo score of 311 runs before tho last wicket fell. Tho match was resumed yesterday, and by lunch-lime tho Ballarat men had been disposed of for 140. They, however, batted two men short. As a natural consequence, the local team had to follow their innings, and though they did their best to save a one innings defeat, they signally failed, tho Englishmen scoring a victory in one innings, with 48 runs to spare. Tho day- was fino, but rather warm, and there was a good attendanco of spectators. Messrs Fitzgerald and Newman gavo their annual picnic yesterday to their employes and friends, numbering in all to about 203. After boing driven through the streets of tho town in gaily-decked vehicles, the Borough Band playing a choice selection of music, tho party drove to the Harcourt reservoir, where shooting, fishing, boating, and numerous other sports were in dulged in, and a most enjoyable day wa3 spent. Mr Nicholas Fitzgerald came specially from Mclbourno to countenance tho pionieers, and to shed a portion of Ilia cxhuborant spirits and morriment among them. With this intent ho lent himself with full heart to tho amusements of the day. There was abundance of good cheer freely dispensed to both tho employes of tho tinn and visitors, and tho healths of the members of tho firm wero toasted with marked appreciation and jubilation. Tho responses to the toasls were exceedingly gratifying to the listeners, displaying as thoy did tho reeiprocity of good feeling existing betweon employers and employed. A foot bridge has been built ovor tho Loddon, about half a mile higher up than where tho shire hall stands, but it has been finished so roughly that tho shire secretary would not pass it as finished till it was inspectod by tho council yes terday. His objections wero not peurile, for though tho specifications havo been pretty closely followed, the workmanship is moro like that of bushmon than tradesmen. Tho bridgo is of great length, and before reaching it tho rails nro seen by a spectator to bo far from straight, which gives it a vory unseomly look. Tho planks which are underfoot are an inch apart, but this is not tho fault of tho contractor, but of the enginocr who had not in his mind at tho timo tho change of fashions which will render ; ladies with narrow heeled boots liable to get ' fastened, whilo children will be still more ex- 1 posed to accident through this dofoct. Tho ' cross parts between tho rails are so high and i wide that children may in playing tumblo over, ! but a euro is to he mado for all tlioso defects. ! This same bridgo has boen tho occasion of a good ' deal of angry fooling in tho shire, as many rate- : payors consider it superfluous, aud it can never under any conditions bo transformed into a j thing of beauty. Our attention has been drawn to a glaring nuisance, which has for somo time past been allowed by our municipal authorities to go un checked. It is the allowing of largo stones to accumulate in the streets of the borough. In some of the principal thoroughfares small boulders have been lying for weeks past, to tho annoyance aud danger of travellers, especially at night. Our correspondent says the attention of tho councillors and inspector has been called to this, but the matter was simply laughed at. A fortnight ago a horse stumbled in Hargrenve- streot, and its knees were severely cut. Yester day two cases occurred that should place the matter in a different light to those who are elected to look after tho wants of tho borough. In the morning a valuable horse was being ridden through tho town, when its foot stumbled over a large stone. The animal fell and received se vere injuries. In the evening a waggonette, coming along Mo3tyn-street, camo in contact with another of these obstructions, and the jolt was so severe that it caused the axle to snap, and one of the wheels to come off. Although there were passengers in the vehicle, fortunately no injury took place. Tho streets could be cleared, and kept so, by some of tho numerous employes of the borough devoting one hour a day to the purpose named, or oven tho hydrant man, as lie waters the streets, could remove tho nuisance complained of. Wo think tho Council should bo held liable for theso accidents caused by obstructions in our public roads, over which they are allowed to have control. Bills with fantastic figures formed into lotters so as to read " Ghosts" are posted abundantly through tho town and suburbs. But these ghosts, which are to be exhibited in the Orderly- room on tho nights of Thursday and Friday, are unlike their progenitors, who set bewildered spectators' hair on end, stiffened them like a verandah-post, and fixed their eyeballs glaring at thorn, for these modern apparitions are funny follows, good singers, smart dancers, and quite n frolicsome race. They are descendants of Professor Pepper's ghost, but have so much im proved upon the parental stock by education and science that they havo developed into perform ers. Indeed, there is such a mixture of bodies and phantoms that the difference between them is not oasy of discovery on the stage until something occurs to disclose which is which. Mr D'Arcy Read, who is to give this novel ex- hibition, has chosen the Orderly-room for it, as Mr Medcalfe, the agent in advance, finds that neither the Theatre nor the Mechanic's Institute has enough space for the extensive apparatus that has to be employed. The Orderly- room is now being put in order with the heavy and ex- tensive fixings. Visitors to Melbourne may have gained a peep at this novelty, which was exhibited there for 13 weeks, and what is even more surprising, at that prim, severely quiet place, Geelong, for 13 nights. Thi3 entertain ment is not only a scientific and amusing one, but it is one that all persons can go and see with pleasure, as it is utterly devoid of offensiveness in any form, it being science in sport. The dividends declared during the past week are as follow : — Now Era, Fryers, the Kltli of 6d per 20,000 shares, £500 ; South Catherine, Gd per 25,000th share, £625 ; Garden Gully United, Is Gd per33,5l7tli share, £2513 ; North Johnson's, Gd per 22,000th share, £550 ; Vic toria Reef Gold Mines, Is per 20,274th share, £1010. Another magnificient cave has been found at tho Fish River, New Soutli Wales, surpassing in extent and grandeur anything in the district. The persons who arrived at tho port of Mel bourne by sea during the past week numbered 911\. Of these 735 came from the neighbouring colonies, 74 from tho United Kingdom, and 2 from New York. A farmer named Robert Rose, of Natte Yal- look, while riding home from Dunolly on Thurs day night, was thrown off his horse, receiving some severe injuries. He was brought to Dunolly Hospital, and died at 1 o'clock on Friday morn ing. The City of Ballarat Company on Friday ob tained the best prospect yet got from tho mine. The sample consisted of several rough, water- worn specks of gold, and was washed from about two inches of dirt taken from a bore put up at thirty-two feet on the main drive. Fivo men are supposed to be drownod outside Newcastle Heads. They wont out fishing on Saturday morning. A quantity of dead Bchnap- por, two pairs of paddles, and a portion of a boat were afterwards washed ashore, but tliore is no trace of tho bodies. A young man namad Samuel Reilly, son of Mr James Reilly, proprietor of the Murchison Flour-inills, was on Sunday bitten by a snake in tho leg while assisting to put out a bush fire in a neighbouring paddock. He immediately took out his knife and cut the bitten part out, and camo into tho township and saw Dr. Heily, who at onco sucked tho wound and rubbed ammonia in, and Reilly is considered out of danger. A magisterial inquiry was held at the Geelong Hospital on Saturday on the body of the young man named John Kimber, who poisoned him self with croton oil at Colac on Monday last. A verdict was given to the effect that the cause of death was a large dose of croton oil, admi nistered by tho deceased. Tho chemist, who had taken all necessary precautions, was exonerated from blame. The Perth Inquirer on tho loth February slates that no further tidings have been re ceived of the unfortunate young men Farie and Woolley, who set out on an expedition from Eucln in November last in search of country, and havo not since been heard of. Search parties, furnished with camels, havo scoured tho country in all directions for about a hundred miles. Por tions of the equipage of the party were discov ered, and in such condition as to suggest tho pro bability that both havo perished. . On Tuesday last (says tho Sydney Evening News) a hungry chickon hawk paid a visit to one of the poultry yards at Wotonga, North Shore, swooping down upon a brood of game chickens which wero under the maternal euro of a British pile game lion. Tho hen showed her groat cour- ago by rushing to meet tho robber, attacking him most furiously wish beak and legs, and was carried about ten yards during tho encounter, which lasted some minutes. The hawk escaped, but soon returned, and wa3 again mot in tho same stylo, hut suffered a total defeat, die hen and chickens escaping unhurt. Tho Guardian of January 15 says ; — '' Last week the magistrates and council of Edinburgh resolved by 24 votes against 12" to petition Parliament in support of the bill for legalising marriage with a deceased wifo' sister, and by 25 votes against 10 to similarly petition in favour of tho Colonial Marriages Bill. On the same day tho U.P. Presbytery of Edinburgh passed tho following resolution by 22 votes against 12: — " That tho Presbytery recommends the synod that marriage with a deceased wife's sister being a matter in regard to which tho law of Christ is j a law of liborty, shall no longer be a bar.to'mom- | bership in the United Presbyterian Church." A telegram from Newcastle on Saturday states that tho Wallsond colliery accident is tho sub- i ject of intense excitement. Great exertions are ; being mado night and day to recover thc'niissing | man, but up to tho present timo lie lias not been ' found, and great fears are entertained that ho | will not bo rocovored alive now. Tho area of I tho ground which foil in was about sovon acres, ! and it is regarded as almost a miracle that moro lives wore not lost. Tho ordinary work at tho : mine is all suspended. The Wallsond pit was set on fire by an explosion of fire-damp at two o'clock this afternoon. It is that portion of tho inino where the man Aughton was, and ho is sup posed to bo burned. Threo other porsons were Bovoroly burnt, including Mr Neilsoii, the man ager ; and tho othors nro mimed Cuahton and Londy. Every care is now boing taken to prevent a second explosion. \- j" A bullock-drivor, whoso namo is at present j unknown, was killed at Hope Creek, about nine i milos from Ingle wood, on Saturday aftornoon, | by falling from tho pole, tho wheels of the wag gon passing over his head. Tho sugar crop in Mauritius is now nearly all made, but, says the correspondent of the Over land Ceylon Observer, the exact quantity to be forthcoming will not bo known till August noxt when tho season's exports will havo been con cluded. It is not expected, however, to exceed 13",000 tons. r ,, Tho yield of gold for the week, i\t Sandhurst, remarks tho Advertiser, is exceptionally good, as it amounts in tho aggrogato to nearly 4<!0-i oz3. The dividend-list also shows up well, but is exceeded by the calls, which are unusually heavy, Tho dividends amount to £4752 9s 0d, and tho calls to £501-1 10s. " Lord Chelmford, tho commander-in-chief," says the Guardian of January 15, " who is now on tho Zulu border at the head of 14,000 men, has issued a pamphlet on the organisation and strategy of the Zulu army. He puts the actual fighting strength of the Zulus at a little ovor 40,000 men, excluding seven regiments of mon ovor sixty years as necessarily inefficient." A peculiar accident happened to Mr W. J. Moffitt, of the Bank of New South Wales, Albury, on Friday last. " In accordance with ordors necessitated by tho fact of the ICcllys being at large, this gentleman (says tho Border Post) had a loaded revolver lying ready for use in a drawer in his desk at tho bank. On open ing tho drawer tho revolver accidentally fell, and the contact with tho ground caused tho hammer to fall and tho pistol to go off. Tho bullet went clean through the calf of ono log, about half way betwoen heel and knee, and tho other leg being in tho direct line of fire, it struck it with sufficient force to make its way through tho cloth of Mr Moffitt's trousers. After im pact with tho other limb, the bullet travelled upwards all along the leg, and again tearing through tho cloth, finally stopped its course without further injury. Tlio wound caused a great loss of blood, but no bones are broken. Tho oleotors of Bacchus Marsh held an indig nation meeting on Saturday to consider the dis franchisement of the Newham electors. A pro test against tho action of Sir Bryan O'Loglilen was adopted, and will be presented to His Ex cellency tho Governor. Mr Harper did not at tend, as ho considered it advisable that tho elec tors of the constituency should speak for them selves ; but his example was not followed by Mr Deakin, who made an effort to disturb tho pro ceedings. On the same grounds we, Argus, learn Mr Harper will not memorialise the Gov ernor in Council on the subject of validating in any way the Newliam poll, as he considers it more fit that tho electors should claim their rights than that he should interfere between the Governor and Ministers as a disappointed can didate. — The Argus writing on tho same meet- says The indignation mooting called by Mr Harper's supporters at Bacchus Marsh will be anything but a source of encouragement to the Opposition. So great was the majority against the would-be indignant obstructives that they did not even put a resolution. The tables were completely turned upon thorn in an open air mooting held afterwards by Mr Deakin and his supporters, who had been previously re fused a hearing, and were afterwards vul garly assailod by . tho representatives of law and order. 