Intercolonial. VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, July 7. For very many reasons, more than the usual interest attaches to the coming con test in Farliamant. The reform ques tion must be inevitably brought to the " matter of life and death" stage. There can be no further procrastination, and the spica of interest will be found in the revelations of the returned Ambassador. A still more serious business will be +he grappling with the problem of a failing revenue, which will be no pleasant task under the eye of a country distressed by failing trade and within sound of the irritating clamours of the hungry unemployed. In various directions where least expected there may be detected mutterings of discontent at our present rulers, and it is matter of intense interest how far these will find voice in the House]) and shape into stern reality at the next turn of the ballot box. Zn all minds there is the presentiment that the times are out of joint, and all eyes are turned to Parliament as somehow likely to bring the needed relief. It may not be so easy to point out whence the help is to come, and one's view on the subject depends entirely whether it be from the Conservative's or Liberal's standpoint. The former holds that salvation can come alone from the entire sweeping away of the Berryite factioD, and he sees the sign of its approach in the change of public opinion as indicated at the recent elections for Fitzroyand Bast Melbourne. Your Liberal, on the other hand, clings to his faith that the country will be saved only in the humbling of the Council and the depleting of the bloated capitalists and squatters that is to follow as surely as the night the day. The Fitzroy election was no donbt significant. The seat was formerly held by a pliant Ministerialist, and tbe Government took great pains to shep herd their candidate—the nominee of the Beform League. The Opposition candidate sailed under the plainest colours. He announced himself a sturdy opponent of the Government, and a decided freetrader, and he won by 1,225 votes over 1,143. The constituency by its decision put on record an unmistakable protest againBt the attempt of the Govern ment to "boss" the election. As to the Bast .Melbourne election, the result cannot fairly be I put down as a new Conservative victory. It was chiefly an exhibition of personal regard for the late member, who has been re-elected. Mr. Zox is universally liked as a "jolly good fellow," and sympathy was felt for him in having resigned his seat owing to tbe financial embarrassment of bis firm, though not being insolvent he might legally have continued to hold it. His opponent, also a Jew, is a man of no influence in the community, and an un popular dabbler in politics— enongh to account for the minority of 617 to 1,S54 in which he had the pleasure of finding himself. Even granted that these elections indicate a change in pnblic feeling, tbe present Opposition are not likely to effect anything. Mr. Purves, a promi nent man on their side, addressed bis constitu ents tbe other day, and told the same old story of disunion in the ranks. As I have said all along, if the esprit de corps that has hitherto characterized the Ministerialist party is con tinued the other side will not have the ghost of a chance. Mr. Berry has spoken twice since his return —at a grand banquet held in his honour and at the annual meeting of the Beform League. The speeches were received with great enthusiasm by the respective audiences, hut when read over in cold print they can hardly be said to be a success. They were chiefly a re- hash of the same old sentiments that used to do duty in the days before the Embassy. It may be that the Premier is reserving all his British novelty and freshness as a treat for his fellow members in tbe House. Mr. Berry gave deduc tions rather than facts as to his mission home, and devoted himself chiefly to a fierce onslaught upon the wicked Argus, which he pronounces to be the source of all our trouble. Not by the mistakes of the Berry Government, not by Black Wednesday has our credit been spoiled, but by " the lies that a venal Opposition Press could print and did print eveiy day." Unfortunately the speaker in this aud other matters allowed bis eloquence to run away with him. leading him into loose statements and half truths away from tbe safe path of facts. No doubt the Government are stung by tbe sturdy and successful opposition at home led by Mr. Haddon, the Editor of the Argus, which Lad so much influence on the British Press. If Mr. Berry is not able to note down pre cisely what he has brought back for his £5,000 he can at any rate supply fine phrases which may be interpreted to mean a great deal. If be has not got much from tbe Colonial Secretary he is able to say his side has " the moral support of the thinking politicians of Great Britain." From the Conservative Government of England " they at least received an amount of courtesy and consideration which they had never re ceived from tbe so-called Conservatives of Victoria." He was also able to say " he knew it well that every English statesman, without expressing any opinion on the details of their measures of reform, had recognised what was the fundamental platform of the Liberal policy of Victoria—(cheers)—and dear to England by tradition, that the ma jority of the people should govern." The cheers of the andience showed that they took this to prove that all England has been won for the Berry majority, and that as a consequence tbe Council must he Inevitably " squelched." The other side, however, remain hard of heart, and persist in maintaining that all tint the Embassy has resulted in is the naked despatch of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, which' cleverly avoids favouring either side, and leaves] matters very much as they were when Parliament broke up. Mr. Berry indicated that a reform measure somewhat different from that of last session will be brought in, so that there Is just the hope that his experiences will lead him to amuse! that moderation which alone can provide a my of escape from our troubles. I confess that there is not mnch, as the leader still raises the cry of war. to the knife, and calls on his followers to unite as one man for the greatest battle of all that is looming. The Liberal party, as represented by the .Reform League, is keeping on the alert. A conference of representatives from the various country electorates has been held in Melbourne. Over a hundred delegates put in an appearance. The announced object was to consider the " new platform of the party." This was carried out very naturally, by adopting a series of " planks." The first plank was rather an ancient-looking piece of timber, viz., " con stitutional reform." The rest were—A pro gressive land tax; a readjustment of the tariff, to make it more protective; the cutting up and reletting of the pastoral leaseholds; and electoral reform in the shape of (a) the aboli tion of plural votes, (5) the adjustment of representation to population, and (c) the making of voting compulsory. Last but not least, to the joy of Mr. Mirams, the League accepted as a " plank" his pet " National Bank of Issue." It must have been a little saddening to the Leaguers, after the conference was over, to be lectured by the Ministerial organ, and informed that they were taking too much upon them selves. The "platform" will not hurt anybody very much, but the League has undoubtedly a power of its own in another direction. It can command local influence in securing and keep ing seats for its nominees. Its announced policy is grab all and keep all. As one speaker earnestly urged, they most see to it that not one of the present Ministerial seats is lost, and an attempt must be made on every opposition seat at the next election. Mr. Berry's address to the League was particularly fervid. " Life was too short, and the interests involved were too great" for them to brook any further delay. He vividly pictured the struggle, and spoke prophetically of the effect oni the sister colonies. Tou will be surprised to hear how much your colony is involved in the flight:— "They had a right to combine together and secure such an alteration in the constitution as would give security to them and enable them to hand down to posterity the control of the country and its deitinies as the heritage of the majority of the adult population. (Oheers.) And if that was the great problem for them, how much greater was it for all the neighbouring colonies; for as surely as they won this fight it would be the forerunner of a victory in South Australia. (Oheers.) They had now watching them with the most intense interest men in all the colonies, sympathizing with them in their aspirations and knowing that their success would be the death-knell of the monopolists throughout the whole of the colonies. (Cheers.) He asked them if that was not a struggle worth fighting: if it was not a struggle worth spending their lives to win. (Oheers ) The revenue returns for the last quarter shows a decrease in the gross receipts of £77,737 as compared with the corresponding quarter of last year. The returns for the financial year are thus completed, and the unpleasant fact is revealed that whereas the Treasurer estimated that he would receive £4,855,669 exclusive of the balance brought forward from 1877-78, and recoups, he has received only £4,525,998, leaving a deficiency of £329,668. If Major Smith is chosen by his colleagues to make the financial statement he will have an opportunity of indulging in some more " grim joking," by con trasting the empty chest with the million i that have been saved by this Liberal Government. On the Customs there is a decrease of £103,825, the chief item of decrease being spirits —£34,000. On the estates of deceased persons there is £24,500 less than last year, and the remaining deficit is spread pretty evenly over ali the various sources of revenue. The land tax brings in £152,327 gross, which iucludes a considerable sum accrued from la year. The Cabinet will have a ticklish piece of work, in the present state of the country, to decide how the deficiency is to be met. The Ministerial organ suggests increased taxes on tobacco and beer, a stamp tax, more reductions in the Civil Service, and—as a matter of course —increased taxes on land. It is not a happy time to talk about increasing the burdens of the people, with so many hun dreds out of work. Meetings of the unem ployed of the various trades are matters of everyday occurrence just -now. There have been several deputations waiting on the head of the Government, and Mr. Berry has shown some impatience over the inter views, expressing the view that the dis tress is being much exaggerated for political purposes. We are told that in Adelaide and elsewhere there is just as much want, but it happens that the newspapers there have no political capital to make out of it. The Govern ment have temporarily staved off the difficulty by appointing an Unemployed Board, consisting of two Civil servants, whose duty it is to act as a buffer to would-be deputaticners, and to make full enquiries as to what the real state of affairs is. They have also the assistance of the Govern ment and some of the large firms to give the numerous applicants work at a' reduced wage. The Railway Department is issuing free passes to take men to work up country. At Colling wooa, a thickly populated suburb, it has been found desirable to establish a " Bread Fnnd," to which the public are subscribing liberally, the simple object being to assist families threatened with actual starvation. There is no doubt an unprecedented state of depression, but it must not be forgotten that this is always the most trying time of the year, when the cold is felt and outdoor work is always to some extent at a standstill. The report of the Board is likely to contain some interesting informa tion. The South Australian footballers will, I think, have every reason to be pleased with their reception, though they will not be able to go back carrying the laurels of victory. At each match about 10,000 persons congregated, and evinced the greatest interest in the game, and they showed their sympathy by liberal applause of any feat of prowess on the part of the visitors. From the beginning, unfortunately, it was evident that your men as a team were completely overmatched. There were individual displays of brilliant play, equal to anything seen on the other side : but the •' tail" was too considerable for these to have an effect on the gBme as a whole. It is quite natural that with so many first-class clubs here it should be possible to pick a stronger team throughout than your colony can at present muster. Any? how, it was pleasant to see the two colonies so heartily represented in friendly contest-, and nothing but good can come of such retmicme. A section of the religions bodies have been holding a ".Christian Conference" on holiness and other subjects: The meetings extended over several days, and attracted a good atten dance, but judging by tbe reports there was less of " conference" than of ordinary religious Bervice, with long addresses by ministers, and tbe cut bono of the affair was not altogether easy to discover. The Young Men's Christian Association here is now a well-established, flourishing institution. At its annual meeting at the Town Hall last week the Bishop delivered one of his able addresses, dealing in good style with tbe'scientific objectors to the Bible. The Young Men's Association own a commodious, well-appointed building, which has cost over £6,0C0, a large portion of whi:h sum has been paid off. One of the best features is a gym nasium for the use of tbe members. The presentation to tbe much-respected dig nitary of the Church of England, the Venerable Dean Macartney, brought together a large and pleasant gathering at the Town Hall. Repre sentativesof ail the religious bodies were present, and able and sympathetic speeches were deli vered. The Dean, who has reached the limit of four-score years, spoke with remarkable vigour, gracefully expressing thanks for the thousand pounds subscribed by his friends, and which all who know him feel he has so well earned. Death has recently taken an old colonist and a prominent Churchman, who had attained the ripe age of 86, Sir George Stephen, who was highly respected, though not heard of in public life for many years past. The prospect of Melbourne losiDg an origiual genius aud one of its most popular pulpit orators has led to quite a demonstration to the Rev. Thomas Jones, who has sent in his resignation of the charge of the Collins-street Inde pendent Church. Not only the particular congregation, but representatives of other denominations joined in an earnest appeal to _ Mr. Jones to reconsider his determi nation. He has promised to think it over again, but as the cause was failing health it is not likely that he will be able to remain for any lengthened time longer. Nothing farther of a trustworthy character has been heard of the Kelly miscreants. The Government have decided to recall the police and military forces that have been stationed over the North-Eastern district, as nothing as resulted from the enormous ex penditure that has been entailed, and our paid protectors are badly wanted nearer home to give an eye to the larrikins and petty thieves. Opinions are divided as to the wisdom of the step, and another outbreak is foretold as a result of the withdrawal. It will be a' surprise if it turns ont that the murderers have all this time lain hidden in their accustomed lair. The com mon belief is that they have long since dis banded and made tracks far enough away from here. 