HEROIC TURF LEGISLATION. (From the Field, July 19.) SHORT handicaps and two-year-old races are admittedly undermining the stamina of our racehorses, and the puny efforts of the Jockey Club to add one furlong to the stature of our two- year-old noes remind us that, in the words pat by the authors of RtjteUd Addruut into the mouth of Dr. Johnson's ghost, " a swelling open ing is too often succeeded by an insignificant oonolusion, sad that parturient mountains hate era now produced musoipular abortions." Ik may even be doubted whether the alteration, for which we are indebted to the superhuman and tardy energy of the Jockey Club, has not in it more of evil than of good. If it be impolitic to run a two-year-old over a four-furlong oourse at Linooln Spring and at Northampton, will not Ml powers be subjected to an additional strain when he is asked to travel over five furlongs ? More* over, it is not possible to contemplate the die appearance of the Chesterfield Stakes at New market from the Racing Calendar without serious regret, seeing that the race has been in existent* for nearly fifty years, and that it has been won, among others, by such historical animals as Elis Crucifix, Teddington, Saccharometer, Achieve* meat, Formosa, and Cremorne. The only excuse tar such early spins as the Brocklesby at Lincoln, the Althorp-park at Northampton, and the Little John Stakes at Nottingham, is that the distance is only four furlongs, and that there are always some small compact animals which are at their best in the first few months of their racing existence, and oould not live when brought into competition with bigger rivals as the year advances. We cannot see that the elongation of the above-mentioned races will make them lets' fashionable, or be a benefit to the equine babies by which they are won. la fact, the so-called reform of the Jockey Club seems to be made on the principle enunkated in the well-known line :— " Det veniam corvia, vent centum colnmbM." The " doves," or two year olds, have a harder task than ever imposed upon them, and the "crows," or handicaps—once designated by Admiral Rous as "the black cloud upon oar racing horison"—are'permitted to escape without • word of censure. The Jockey Club appears to have shut its eyes to the undeniable fact that the turf—by which we mean not racing men, but suffering and over* worked horses—is laboring under what is called, in the human subject, the malady of plethora from overfeeding. Every sporting writer tells us that, judged by the multiplicity of race meet* ings, the turf never was so prosperous; that more than £200,000 in added money were given away in 1878; that the entries for some few great weigh-f or-age races show a steady advance; and that such prices have lately been given for superior horses as would astonish the last genera* tion of racing men. It seems to be forgotten that, thanks to the increase of population, and to the vast augmentation and wider diffusion of money, every other public amusement shows similar indications of prosperity. There are, for instance, about forty theatres at this moment in London, where half that number sufficed when Her Majesty ascended the throne. Never were packs of foxhounds bo numerous, and fields of horsemen, generally mounted on superb horses, assemble at the meets in ever- growing awarma. The Oxford and Cambridge boat race has been elevated into an annual festival, and the great cricket matches of the year invite such throngs of spectators that the bunting grounds at Lord's and the Oval are unable to contain them. Now, there is nothing to be said in deprecation of the popularity attained by great actors and actresses, by famous packs of foxhounds, or by such cricketers as the Graces and the Lytteltons. But the popularity of tbe turf, as attested by the inordinate multiplication of races, involves issues fraught with mischief to that noble animal the thoroughbred. Upon every side of us there are growing up gate-money meetings, to the very existence of which it is necessary that they should be able to attract a vast concourse of visitors. This can only be done by creating an endless succession of racee, contested by big fields, which provoke speculation, and necessitate the condition that the selected courses should vary between half a mile and six furlongs in length. It has been repeatedly suggested that the Jockey Club would have done infinitely more good if, instead of making a puny alteration in two-year-old courses, they had enacted that no three year old should be allowed under any circumstances to run over a course less than one mile in length. This would indeed be heroic legislation, bat we dare not flatter ourselves that the Jockey Club, at any moment since its birth in the reign of George IL, would have possessed virtue and courage enough to pass a law which at present could not fail to knock half the race meetings in England on the head. Such an out* bunt of remonstrance would in this event ascend from trainuro, jockeys, clerks of courses, and from the multitudinouß leeches who hang on to the caroaaa of the turf for a firing, that tbe Jockey Club would become not lew unpopular than Sit Joseph Hawley when be attempted to introduce a far lees radical reform. There is but one alteration which it is possible for our turf senators to compass, and the demand for it is becoming so imperative that we do not despair of seeing it carried without the interven tion of the House of Commons. "Too much racing" is the cry which greets us on every side, and the time seems to be at hand when, between them, Sandown-park and Kempton-ptrk will have a race meeting every alternate fortnight throughout the racing year. The Jockey Club must interfere to prevent the birth of fresh meetings ; and, furthermore, they must enact that, with the exoeption of Newmarket, no place be allowed to hold more than a couple of fixtures in the course of the year. The inoessant recur rence of meetings necessitates those short handi caps of which the pernicious effects are incon testable ; and such is the growing sense of ■ necessity for stringent legislation in this direotion that, failing the Jockey Club, other hands will sooner or later be found to do the work. 