I MELBOURNE. b (feom ouk owk correspondent. July 31. WeLl, what do you hinlr of. the tariff? B ius been the all-absorbing question since the B "Majaw," last Tuesday evening, made B is generally admitted to be the very H Budget Speech, without exception, L B e er delivered in the House. The worst, I ElaD- ae regards the mere delivery, there B uesat a few who include in this description ueo the Budget itself. Certainly the Oo- tenuoent have compounded a dose that their T0 wpporters— or. at all events, many of ' B clan— frill find great difficulty in swallow- The greatest satisfaction haa been ex- ' H yesterday a-n<i to-day among the Mmmervial and other flaj»y»pi who consider 5 «Btence of the present Gdvermhent: I inimical to the restoration of that confidence jt now so much required, ai the uiat even the Ao. condemns the tariff-4 H Proposals. ...< B a great want of policy' is ex- ed, not to cay want of consideration: for -' B 8 position of those Government supporters B vno represent farming electorates, in the in Jfliaous interference vrith such articles ds agricultural implements. It wis bad enough before, but just at the time. b jisn the farmers are engaged in forming I B SrSW,fe that a Govenunent shonld," salt yS006 towards defeat by admiiiister- B , 'erate 'lap in the face to the agri- B Sin/i mteres' by incrraeing the duties. B :®aunsfl- is being chaffed B Wi Jflauiier iii. which Jib was eold on f €veuhig. He ' had an "elaborate B prePared to Mow the Budget de- uut- it was constructed entirely H llT,e„8aPPQ«tion that the Government B ,owr the lead goffered during the B BOj Jbyihe gentleman whom tbe B S2r +5 designates wai B eT'.itbe over-gamdouB, ao -cot' Iwayt IwvS® «ect'of Araraf dld-AOt SEaV JUX tO B SS8peectdeUverea,anden B a late liour-in catching the B Iu.in.il S.Peaksri ani began todiscouree I adiierence to the instructions B tWfrJ?' on.ttle part oi the Government, j B fix y - utesistibly comical. Some of B » wi!111 lateil<fo<l by hlt Gannson to: have B -KiWi f®' 10 fo8 auiprise only evoked ,.u_ goter, his hearere having becomc .'Wue state of affairs: 1 Sik rt fcflhwing the dictation oI.'-iBoss B shein. a 7ernment' fo their reform : B i" an nf .fl1 Aeir budget, have gone .quite B hsn j'08?6 Jitedtion. ' It'would hive .titadvi® . better if they had taken B 4itv Tie,1 , oered as J to ipnttafle an excise batttSZ, 1 bacco and spirits rather than to U flte linki liuaines untouched, and pntiinn J B .vpon the Artidw :. and wear, that wiji most severely affect the irarinng classes" 88 bhe gist ;of what I-faave heard withmtheliist two dajs frominaifjrgen- uemen representing opposing p litic&l; views, lloweyer, ,J believe tue main objection that the Government had j&gainlBt; including these duties in i:heir tari was that they were Service 's,|and they did. not wishto be ftbatyod with copying his scheme. - > -I .» - . And now rumour is busy with the pros pects of the .Government. The leading impression gainuig ground is founded upon the _ disorganised condition of the Cabinet (which, I humbly submit; was first reported in this column), and that the' Chief Secretary, ifeeling that the. inclination to adopt a more moderate policy which he has brought from home with. him, receives 'no consideration among his colleagues, has "at last allowed them to take the Jjit,. between their teeth, and virtually now lias said "Let 'em rip." Further, the rumour has it that he will be prepared for defeat upon the Budget, with the view of getting rid of his present col leagues. Should he be defeated, it is stated that hejwill ask the Governor to be allowed to resign, with the view of forming a new Ministry, and bringing forward an amended policy. .Extraordinary as such a plan would be, it is asserted by constitutional autho rities that there are sufficient precedents for -it, especially under tbe circumstances that are understood to exist, viz., that the Chief Secretary is not at present in accord with, aild is IwilriC ATPPrnlml litr hie /ium n/illaa min. It was noted as a matter of some signifi cance that Mr. Berry, during the delivery of the Budget speech, sat aloot, and that Major Smith was prompted in his figures -mot by the Chief Secretary,' -but by Mr. Longmore. Two'sonypecimeiis to deal with thefinah- cial interests of the colony, truly ! Another phase of the question put forward by tolerable authority is that Mr., Berry, since his trip to' England, has become to some extent careless of politics. That he sees the fixture clouded with political trouble; that his former anibitioh to have lxis name associ ated with a successful reform measure has been toned down by the difficulties surround ing the matter ; that he is not so strong as he used to be ; and that the comforts of such a position as. the AgentrGenezalsiup have pre sented themselves m a more attractive form since his recent contact with KtijtKrIi luxury and ease. If this view approaches the truth, we may not be far off 1 witnessing Mr. Berry Agent-General, Sir Bryan 0!Loghlea a judge, and a Service Government in power. You never can tell till the numbers are up." jit appeari that'Xkofessor Pearson 'and the Chief SeCfetaiy 1 "disagreCi!— dt, to put it plainly, had a row— long before they arrived in London, and that daring the latter portion >of the voyage they did not even speak to each nt.HPP Til0 " AMlTIHltAl IV. 4-1. A extremely cavalier style adopted by the chief adbassylor, riio insisted upon regarding the Professor as a very insignificant part of tne arrangement. This the Professor resented, and as soon as they touched laud they parted, each going, his own way. The part of the embassy business that devolved upon the Professor he did without coming into personal contact with Mr. Berry, the two occupying - different hotels, and in everything maintain ing a dignified coldness towards each other. Wouldnt it be "raits", to the Professor's particular friend, ' Gaunson, to have him back in the House just now, so that he might en quire into this special phase of the now .his torical embassy. . £ ::\ > L ; "Tha flflempIoyed"fatefe%p tbeif tetiffm a dense .crowd -of seedy- looking beery indi- viduals Mmt- evry morning now, on the steps of thereasury, "awaiting the arrival of the vjhief Secretary. The more bona Jide of the Wbrfcing men are becoming absorbed into various channels of employment, Government and other, but the ruck that is left don't really look, like , a class of men who would work if they were offered it. To-day, the invariable deputation' was introdnoed by j Mr. Dwyer, 'M.L.A., jwho>'bats undergoneHhoaie little badinage in. the shape of being asked whether he has deposed Africanus, the gentle man who has hitherto J been regarded as tbe representative man of the particular crowd in question. This daily congregation of the M unemployed " upon the Treasury steps, I have thought, must have some each effect upon Mr. Berry as Banquo's ghost had upon Macbeth, and doubtless he feels equally in clined to address them, in .The. wprds — " A vaunt 1 and quit my eight/' 