THE SECRET OF THE WHITE CHEST. IT wes just the house I wanted. In size and situation it suited me exactly, as the phrase goes, literally down to the ground. Facing Hyde-park, and placed back from the high-road, with nothing in front ot it bat tho broad strip of garden belonging to tho tetraoe in which it stood, aud tho open sttetoh of turf and trees, it was the very abode fora .London.season. It's rent, too, was extremely moderate; it was in sonnd repair ; drainage without a il?w ; fixtures, iurnituro, and decorations in ihe bout Ueto; the owner only desiring to let it occasionally, beoauso be wont away fioui town oaob spring. Why, then, did I hesitate to tako it 7 Why did everybody hesitate to take it ? For tbe last seven Yearn and more it had never been let. A.U the house-agents at the Wost- Eu.i bud bad it in hand ono after another. Tho terms had been reduced each season that It oime luto the market, and still there was no finding a tonatil for it. Everybody who wont oror the house was ohaimed with it. Iho entrance being in tbo rear, all the best rooms bad a delightful soutborn aspect; and going tip from floor to floor on their first visit of inspection, everybody grew more delighted tho hlgbor they got. The apartments in creased iv choorto.lnt.-ee, i! not in size,' tbe outlook from the windows became morb extensive and airy, whilst, when one reached the top storey, and asoendodby a narrow stair oo to the leaded Out roof, with a high balus trade running round it, the view was, as tbe bou?e-agents expressed it, " quitennlquo." Nevertheless, everybody having roaahed the roof, end huving looked round for a minute or two, descended with, a firm deter mination not to Uko the house. Now what was 'the . reason ? It wua not haunted, no ghosts hod ever boon seen, or mysterious noi?on heard—euoh things woro never hinted at. There was nothing about it in appear ?nou liko Iho gloomy, forbidding mansion in Severn Bquaro, concerning wbioh so many queer stories am told, anil wbicb, liko tho houso in question, no one will tako. No, it was iho vory.rovoiKo, in all respects, of that long (and' still) unteuantod abode. I had hoard tho rumours about' the Hydo Park bouse ofton, when I had been in London, and my cariosity had always boon piijned, no that now, wbon I wanted just suoh a home (or tho season, I determined to go and look at'it for myself. . Finding all satisfactory and jnst aa I expected from bottom to top, 1 wan stopping out on Id tho roof with slr. Crumble, tho agent, and, was laying to him— "Well, I can't porcoivo wEy pooplo won't livo here," whoa my eyo full upon' a curious object cr'eotfld upon tno leads at tho rear, nnd uurrounded by a high railing. It looked like a skylight or glass lantern, about ten feat long, throe high, Knd throo brond. But ins!end of forming alight for a eiairoaro or. room bonuath, it seemed to have been built for tho purpose of covering another curious object, whicb> occupying' nearly the whole of tbo spaoo under tho Kla-sa, was plainly viuiblo through It. This' was a long whiUi box,re?embllng a sea man's chest' moro then, auy'thlagv onlj much larger. It rested upon tho font- legs or feet, which' raiaud it about a foot from the flat burfuco of tbe roof. It was painted a croamy white and varnished, and, apparently not bums' intoudiidto open.uny nioro than its Bliiseoovoring, had no hinges or look to ita top or lid. ' .' " "What the deuce is that?" said Ito Mr. Crumble. ' " Ah I replied that functionary, with an odd expression in hva face, ?' that's it. ah-1" " What's it, pray ?" " Why, tho secret, e'ir." "Tho iiocrot 1 How i? it a secret f "What '?" Well, sir, what it isi what it's meant for i -whet's irnddn of it t" .??'? "Don'tyou know , t" ? ? . ? "No, we." ;? Doemi't anyono know P" -" X suppoeo somebody doo?, but wo don't j wo'.aro forbidden to inquiroi or to attempt to find out j if wo kuotv wo Hhould bo ablo t£ lot tho honfte, perhaps." . -:? How louiyho? it been there f" " A long whilo, I- believe, ? ait—t?n O] twelve yours. Before mytirius" - ? " But -who put if up'? , '? '???-? ??? ??' ? "Well, Mr. GayUner, wo?uppoeo; nobodr neeins to know exuetly when it liwt appeared .thero,". .-. "???.? ..- .--. ? .-,- .- ?.'??-.?.:?..?-; . "But the eor-ranta," I proto?tod, "they must know." ?' " Oh 1 I Kayo heard thoro were nono in tho .houso at tho time;: they were - all dia. missed juat before it was put up. Mr. Gay ling . never . keeps. many servants j eotno tlmea ho has only one, eometimes none. Nobody, liveg.ia tha house when he'e away, but ho always leaves the keys with ua. Ho is always changing hia servants; M>. Gay ling;_!?j, I have often hoard 'him say -that he likes new broonus." ; ? . ;." "What is he,'or what waihe?" \- "A gontlemau in tho ? naval lino,' I believo, eirj" they aro rather rum 'uns, I'm told." . l . " Humph I'M kaid, " very odd. But do you mean to toll mo that, nobody will 11 vo hero because they don't know what's in that box?"- : . ? ..'" That is partly tho roaeoni elr.'f " Absurd," I was going- on, when tho man continued— ? " But thore'a a olanse in the agroomont about it; that's what does it, sir." ? "-Explain," I said:-- . ''WoU. lsir, hero is ,tho 'clause, and he" produced tho document; " porhapn ? yon would liko to road it yoursoirf" Thus it ran—? ' " "Andin taking tho honso at tho. rental, and for tho term spobifled as abovo, 1 hoi-oby solemnly pledge'xriy' oath novbr, dircoUyV or indij-ootly, tlirougli my bvra. agency, or that of others, to attbmnt to liicddlo with or dfoturb tho whitb chost undor tho glass cane on tho' roof, or to seok in anyway to discover for what purpose it has been plaeod thoro, or .what It cqntiUns ; and I further; guarantee that no person in niy employ, or anyoho entering tho honeo during my torianoy- thereof Bliall xnako any such attempt, imd I hereby undortako that in'the ovont of- their boing clotoctod in doing bo, or of my doing so, to forfuit tho sum of ono thousand - pourida, and in aeoordanco with this agrooment' have, in proper legal form, iodgod Uiq said Bum with tho bankors of Thos: Qayliug./EBfi., thb lossco, as A guAranteo of my good faith. " But for that olanso," wont on the ogent, a> I aniahed reading it with '-'abiob surprise, " wo ehonld havono diflJenlty in lotting, the hoaee;" "Pray, Iβ tho owner out of his mind 7" I t asked, in a minute. " Not tiiat lam aware of, sir; Uβ is a very pleasant, affable gontlaman, Mr. Uayllng m, only, as I nay, a little rum on eomo points j nothing will induce ' him to strike out that olaui-o, for ina'tan'oo: Lor* blops you, sir, parties never bnlertaio it for a moment when' they come to that part of-.tho business; 1 hoy drop it like a hofpotatp." "Humph!" said I, again, " it's queer, oertainly, bnt 1 don't see why one shouldn't ncquio?co ; it doesn't matter a rap to mc what's inside tho ohest; I ehonld never want to moddlo with or disturb it, and I'd take very good care no one elsodid; I would pad look the , trap-door' on the roof, and that would settle that. Ah I'M 'oonlirinod, nftor walking ronnd thestrnotnre and looking about mo n bit—"ah I I see ; precautions have beon taken to prevent any aocesa to this roof from the others on either eldo, by. this iron obovanx*de-fris; yea, no ono can'go* ovor this. Well, it's an odd froak, bnt I atu not Bare that I am going to bo baulked by it; I'll think About it, Mr. Crumble." And tho result of my thinking was, that I; signed tho ngi-eotnent two days after. warUe, having conformed to the pociiliar stipulation regarding tho deposit. T had no fear of losing tho thousand pounds, tho internet on'it was a mere addition to tbo rent, and tho homo was so oxnctty what I wanted, that it would ovou then bo cheap to mc, with my large fnmily of mothurloas' children. Nevertheless, I do not deny, that after all was uignod, sealed, and settled, I was conscious of a lurking curiosity and suspicion regarding that inystorious erection. What could it be? What could it contain? I was constantly saying to myeolf. What strange freak could possoes tho man to take such etrong measures to guard against any penetration into tho seoret—measuroi, by tho-bye, which iv thomsulvca wore rather calculated to provoko investigation, to draw attention to tho very thing that ho wished ono to overlook 1 Was Mr. Gayling a XniHor, hoarding up some unknown troa- suros in this strango fashion?- Probibly that was it. Well, if it wne, it was no business of mine after all. My Parliamentary duties would bo too urgent, I liopoii, to let mc dwell upon innnh elno, so I would disniiea it, and so boyond putting the padlock on Ibo trap.door of. the roof as threatened, X toak no monsoros to prevent iiuy of my household indulging in epooala ttouK. Xat least would not direct attention to the matter, a? Mr. Ooyllagdid, and cao- Isntud my family and domeeficr by saying Unit I didn't consider it safe for pcoplo toKo oh to the roof. ? Now, in spite of my resolution, I fonnd" myeelf perpotually recurring'to the stmnge ohpet. li'or the niku of quiet-and air, I hud' appropriated tho two l&rge; baok and front rooms at the top-of the. honsb for my bod room and study, and thus aiept every night just beneath tbe White ehost. . Bofore X had boon In the house a month/ it began to act as i> nightmare on me,' an iucubus I could not- shako ofl. I was" opprosaed and depressed by ft, iv a way naltb unaeoanntablo. I was puKz4ed at myself, 't oonld uot ? have believed four weeks before that I should ovpr havo' become co nfTootOd by enoh contom'ptible restlesenbie,' dltqalot, and dislrnal. Thoeo feolingi at last reaohed such a pilch thntj,l finally ehabgod 'my bed room ; I would not aloep any longer directly underneath this aoenrsoii, mystorion's labrio.'- Another mouth pntuiod, , during wltica, moro than oiico, I wa-t tempted to go eoorotly on to the roof and look, at the thing again ? thoro -wohuo harm in that,. that -tt-aa not forbidden in the bond, and I need hardly say, I saw nothing to provoke any hey comment. . About a wuisk after my Inst' visit to. tho roof,, a iongthy debate kept mo lato ut tlio Ilouito of Commons, and walking homo for I tho sako of frenti air, I found tho midaummor dawn bronkiutf, as I etruck into Tark-lano. Reaching Oxford- street I wok ntarlled by ob?rving in tho weatoru. sky a .strong light, not duo to ruflectod sunrise. At tho momout I saw it, a ftro-ongiuo passed mo at full Bpood, and presoully .tlib firat.higuii of thb commotion whloU a connjigration onuses in tho atroots boeairio'ovideiit. No man undcr gooH thU cxporionoa, whou lie has boon away jaany hours, iind soo? tho red ghiro ruling iv tho direotion of his own liouj>o, without a paug of anxioty, if not-of terror. How woll-fquudod was tula sanaittioa in thb present case wju* made evident ur.o X had walked another #00 yarda; inuroiful powers 1 it was my house that was on flro ! I aaa eearcoly record wlmt followed* I only know that somehow X found myself in the mid?t of tbe poliea and ftromun. That I explained to the superintendent who I -was, and that uudur his eioort I soon a>certain?d that all thb inmates of my house, my children, their govorneis, and the eorvaou, were Iα safety, and had been takeninto a neighbour's at the rear; that, a> coon k> I found lhl? to be tbo. case, I, aoeonipiinled ? still uy' tile superintendent, mounted to th* top of an adjaoont lesldenoo.'ffhenoe the firemen.were directing the hoed upon the flaoief. -" ' Onoe on this vantage point, my'mind reverted to the white ohast. jkWm it ittU there? -Yet; .the flames, though:bunting out from, all the windows ot the upper atorlea; haolc and front, had not jet done more than wrenoh'and"oraok po'r'tiona o( the glasi Case. ?'Tft>n% (line It.feeemed'as if thia would birthe most thattulglil happen. Ths water adorned to Hotfottinsr tho upper hand, β-nd a? it /oil In torrents on tho bot roof, such loloude of sto∈ woro thrown up with tho smoke as would. h?ve pb'm'plotoly hidden everything from view, but that our position had boon etilfally eolected, and was wkU to wind ward tit tho burning mass. But preaontly, amid the roar of the fianioe, there oaroa m dall, heavy rumble for a moment, and thou with 1 a troniondoua crash tho roof foil in. Withitof.couruo wont tho fraginonta and ; framework of tho glaaa-oaec, and tho now "ohurred and blaokened ohust iteolf. I had :my.eyos'upbn.itat'the moment, and down. 'it.wi.nt .dpep into the. utter pbeoutity of tho donea .smoko and stoam, whioh always suoooads to this olimui of a oon ?fligraHon. For aeveral . minutoe noth ing was tor be. discerned?: through ? the overwhelming wreaths of block-grey fuinea. But presently, though tho-light from the : lira,hod boon clonuhed, then) began"to bo yisiblo, by tho aid of tho increasing light of tho morning, tho depths of this pit of Aolioron. Yet it was not so vory deep after all,, for tho fire having orignated on tho iiecond floor, tho falling roof had only crushed down aa yot oa for as tho drawinj} room, and them, whon lny oyos had booomo accustomed to tho epcotaulo of the'in> doscrlbahla atbris, 1 plainly beheld,' Tost iii(T slautwaya aorosH a et<\bboru "remnant of wall, what had boon th 6 Whito Chbet; it waa now split and emoshed, and its Oontoute woro revealed.' " Good hfcaveris t /What woe it that.l looked 'down upon P I turnod away my faco for a moment with a shudder, for thero, .protrudiuif through the splintorod fragments "of its ouoo oronmy-whito wooden ease, was a hugo lcadon collln, which, _in its turn molting and burnt ing with , the boat, (liepluyod within tho uumiaUkkble lorin. o( a Bhroudod oorpae I I wae iv tbo aot of drawing my oomponion'a attention to it in horror, when anddenl; thoro flew up around it with redoabled Inry, suoh a.raaas o< flame and atnoko, that it waa entirely bidden, and soon tuo.nro had ao ap'road and burnt out again, ttint the horribla aposUole ol thin uninten tional iuoromatioa was shut (ram aigbt, and tho houeu w?? finally burned to tho gronnd 1 I pa?? ovor what immediatoly lollowad that I bad made my way bnok lo the frtondly abode whsro the members of my family wore sheltered. In a lew days .they woro snugly aettlod again in another home, fortunately not very muoh the wor?e for tho terrible Boare. In due oourso tho timo arrived for lookins Into my lo?soe, and while I waa doing so I reoalved a letter from Mr. QaylUig, whohad aomo to town requesting an interview;- I waa glad of this, for I forosaw it must load to Bomo explanation of the etrango olroumstdnoee surrounding tho -agreoaiont I had signed. My curioeity aa to tho-oontenta'of tho whito ohest had boon rudely BαtleBod; it ivaa truo, but what had boon tho reason for plaoiug such an objoot in euoh a plaoo P and thie I waa dotorininod to find out. Unexpootodly Mr. Qα;ling dleoloaod it to mo immediately wo mot. . " t havo aakod for this interview, eir," ho said, abruptly, "because I am a ruinod man." , "But," I interposed, " I am told you wcro tally ineurod.! 1 "That hue nothing to do -with it," ho answorod i "no iusurunoo can restore tho throe thousand a year whioh I lose by wuat has hnppenod. lam simply going to toll you certain faoU ; boeuusc, whon you havo heard them, I shall put it to you whether you will not, out of your ample meana, fool that sorno componsatiou is duo to mo. The' faot id, that it has been during your tunaney of myliouao, and through aooldont, or negligencu on tho part of eomo ono for whom you aro responsible, that my ruin has boon brought about." " I don't understand you." " Li?teu, sir," ho wont on, "and you will I was brought up to tho uoa and followod it till mid-life, for I waa entirely .dependent ou my own earnings. My only rohitive at tbie time waa an old unole, uleo a'sailor, and a luosb ocoontrio man, a? yoii will prc?Outly seo. tfiftuon ? yeara ago -ho Buildouly civme into a largo earn of indrioy —1 uoi-or know how—but ho rotirod and took that hovi?u. Ho hod only boon in it tbroo,yoam whon a mortal eieknoes dvortook him. JIo eont for mo. '?' Tom,', eaid he, 'I am dying, and I don't like it. lam tcrriUud, not bo much at tho thought of death aa at tho thought o? burial. A aailor'-s grave I would not mind, but to bo boxod up and thruat into tho oiu-th; no, Tom, I won't stand it. I look to you to boo that it doesn't liapponj and I - have talceii moouuroa to. make euro that you. do bco it doesn't liappou. I'vo uiilde uiy will, Tom; I'vo left you all r possess, but on oria'eonditiou, and it is, that you aro my heir bo long aa 1 am well abovo ground, and no longer , —mark tho words, '.'well abovo ground." Directly I am, buried, or my remains aro allowed to miui'lo with mother earth, as sho is called—eho waa ho mother to mo, Uio soa waa my mothor, for I was born at boo,—all my inonoy> mind, gQOs atniight to tho Soamou'B Hoapltal, orory penny of it. , " ? " ' Hut whatain I to do f I asked of my uncle j 'how ahull I boablo to carry out Huoh a strau(jo conditioai , Uavo you bo oxpris?cd it in, your will i. , ?" ?' Yob, indeed I havo, , ho answered, -' and legal and binding you'll find it, aa oxprceaod iv tho words, "so long as I aui . ?well abovo ground." ' , ? "?But whut.aui I to dp with youP , I . again' asked. ' ... ? ? " ' Oh, ruu mc up liloft, masthead mc, anything j-ou like, ?but don't bury too.' "Well," wontou Mr, Qayling, "to make a long story Hhort, I found that tho-cbil diuon* of tho old man's will woro' blndiuij, and Ui? executors and mynolf hit'upon tbo plan of hoisting tho coffin onto tho roof of hia house. Undor certain conditions to ?found that it was possible for-us loKally" to do thi?. So I dismianod ta'y three servants, employed a country undertaker, my old ship's carpenter, and "a foreign glazior, in ordor that the matter ehould'nofc bo talked of in tho neighbourhood, and personally ?aw tho arrangements carried out You cairnow'u?dor*tahd''my reasons ? for not having.it uieddlod with: yea; air, and you can now- nndorstand that tho son-, ditlone of the will muKt take- effect.'' No sign of tho ooflln or tho body oyen was to bo discovered in tho ruina.'of tluit houao. I havo had. a rigid search imido, to no pur poeo i tho old gentlouiun'H remains luivo boon consumed; have minified with inolhpr- and the money pauses as v matter of oourad to tho Seamen's Kospitil. I havo not a penny hi tho world. What can you do forme?" , ""? not noceaiiiuy for mo to say what I did forJkTr. OayUug; but finding by a Wait W. Doctor , *. Commons, and by othor pvidonco,,thatihia etor/ma BtibsttuitiaUy correct, I felt hia coso was a. hard "ono, cortainly. a strange .one, and 1 actod, I aopo, not ungenerously towards him. 