f'.TTV PnT.TCF, COURT. I V?*o'.Wsd:i3% 23ril April. (Before Messrs, Itolino? and ItoMswortli, BaiONKENXESS.—Ono drilukard was discharged and another fiiiud 10s. or -iS hours' jijiprisonmer t. Bigamy.—Mary Ann. Womack was with having committed bigamy at Sandhurst, cy marrying W; E. Womack while her former hus band, Charles Rosewarne, was alive. Mr. Mot teram conducted the prosecution, and M'r. Wrixon appeared for the defence. In opening the case Mr. Motteram said that the charge had been brought under the filth section of the Criminal Law and Practice Statute, which reads as follows: —" Whoever being married shall marry any other person during the life of the former husband, a wife shall be guilty of felony, and being cov victed thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be imprisioned for any term not ex ceeding five years, provided that nothing in this section contained shall extend to any person marrying a second time whoso husband or wife shall have been continually absent from such person for a space of seven years thou last past, and shall not have been known by such person to be living within that time, shall extend to any person who at the time of such second marriage shall have been divorced from the bond of the first marriage; or to any person whose former marriage shall have been declared void by the sentence of any court of competent jurisdiction." The first witness called was Mrs. Elizabeth Snelling, a married woman re siding with her husband, a miner, at California Gully, who deposed that she knew the defendant, who was related to witness by marriage, prisoner having married witness's brother. Knew the de fendant in Cornwall, England. Recollected the marriage of her brother, to Mary Ann Snell, the maiden name of the defendant, was present at the wedding, which took place In St. Mary's Church, parish' of Par, county of Cornwall. The ceremony was performed by a Church of England minister. The marriage.took place in 1860. Recol lected the defendant and her husband coming to this colony. They remained at witness's place for a few weeks. Believe this was about six years since. Last saw Charles Rosewarne that morning. There were two children, whom witness believed to be still living, William Edward Womack deposed that he was a baker, residing at Sandhurst. Knew the defendant. Was married to her about 17th February, 1877, at Eaglehawk, by the Rev, Mr Lewers. Defendant said previous to the marriage that she was divorced from her first husband; she said after the marriage that her first husband was alive. To Mr. Wrixon : Was married in 1877, and had known her over twelve months before. She was living in Sandhurst. First knew her by leaving bread at her house. The present proceed ings were instituted by witness. Mi*. Motteram then handed i, the . second certificate of marriage with Womack, stating that was the case for the prosecution. Mr. Wrixon submitted that there was no case against the defendant.. Before she was found guilty of an offence it bhould be clearly established that she had been married twice. There was no evidence to this effect, or of identity, and a case had been laid down in which stronger evidence had been brought forward than in the present case, where the defendant was acquitted. Why had Rosewarne not been called ? And it was necessary to produce a certified copy of the register of the first marriage From the registrars's office. Was Mrs.Snelling's evidence sufficient to send the defendant for trial. There was no proof that the ceremony of the first marriage had been properly carried out, or that it had been solemnised by a minister. It was quite easy to prove offences of bigamy but he (Mr. Wrixon) had never heard a case more weakly proved than the present one. It was laid down in Rocoe's Law of Evidence, p. 3'22, that it was necessary to produce the register of marriage or an examined or sealed copy of the register from the general registry oflice, which was made evi dence under 6 and 7 Hill 4, c 85, s 3S. Under the circumstance the bench would not be justified in sending, the defendant to trial, and before doing so the bench should be satisfied that a prima facie case had been made out. After Mr. Mottorain had replied, the bench stated that they were of opinion that the case had been proved, and the defendant was then committed to take her trial at the Court of Assize, to be he'ld in Sandhurst on' the 15th May, Bail was allowed in one surety of £50, herself one of £50, or two of £25. Civil Case.s.—Edwards v, D'Arey Read, work and labor, £-1 9s. lid. Mr. Wrixon appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Brown for the defendant. The account was for advertising. The defence put forward was that all business transactions had been done by tho defendant's busine-.s manager, Mr. Medcalfo. An agreement was produced be* tweon Medcalte and Head, showing that the for mer had control over the receipts. After taking evidence a Yerdiet for the amount claimed was given, with £1 Si. (3d* coats* Mr. Brown asked for stay of execution. Hasves v. D'Arcy Kead, work and labor, 18 i. Plaintiff was ungated as checktaker by Mr. Medcalfe for the Ghost enter tainment; An order for the amount was given, with 5s. coats. Harcourt v; Read, work and labor, ..8 4s. Mr. Macoboy appeared for the plaintiff, ai;d Mr. Brown for the defendant. Order for the amount, and 23a. (3d. costs. Harcourt v. Dobbid, advertising". £1 10s; order for the amount, and 13s. costs. Condon v. Head, work and labor, 19s. 9d.; verdict for the amount. Gondon v. Head—goods, ill 9s. 9d.; order for 19s 9d;, and 2s. 6d. costs. Same v. Newman—goods, £o lis,- 7d.; order for £4 Is. 7d,t and 2s. Gd. costs. Butler v. Niblett—An application for the defen dant to be bound over to keep the peace. Mr. Macoboy appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Hornbuckle for the defendant. Tnis caso waa before the court on the 9th instant, when the de fendant was charged with threatening to take the life of Butler, at Lockwood, on the 3rd instant. On that occasion Niblett was discharged by the bunch; as the Complainant did not appaar. The present proceedings were taken under the Udt section of the Justices of thu I'eaco Statute. ^lr. Hornbuckle applied for a certificate of dismissal to stay proceedings, and to prevent the case from being heard. After hearing arguments, the bench decided to adjourn the case until Friday next for the attendance of Mr. Bayne, who presided on the former occasion when Niblett was discharged, 