CHEWTON PIKE. (Continued.) lime passed on; winter was coining. 1 de termined to go down to Hartop Manor for a day or two's shooting' before Christmas. Bob Chatteris was to accompany me, anil Lipson promised to coma over with his son and join the shoot. 1 had been engaged in arranging my hospitalities with old Peter when tlio .conversation which opens thisstory occurred. The next day we had our slioot, and though we only mustered four guns, we managed to put together between .seventy and eighty head of nil sons, as also on the day succeed ing. Tlio rabbits went to the tenants, as they always did and always will with ine; 1 consider that they are "theirs by riylit and maintenance. The rest of the game, after due regard to housekeeping, t distribute to friends. The next day, which was that be fore Christmas Day, Bob went over to shoot with Lipson, but returned to dinner, and 1 determined to look up that big pike, about which Tom had been to the full as eloquent as Peter. " Ho be the biggest poike's ever 1 see in Hartop Dyke, and I'll stake my alli d.ivy he's us long as that," holding up a spud-handle some four feci, and a half long. " If he is, Tom, then all 1 can say is that lie's a real whopper, and ordinary gimp won't hold him." Fortunately, I happened to have my big salmon rod and reel with me, and, anticipating a big thing if I got hold of this fish, I substituted them for the more delicato pike weapons I usually employed, using two joints of the rod and eschewing the top; and it was as well I did. 1 then rigged up a live-bait tackle made of mackerel-hooks, tha'only ones I had large or strong enough to suit my notions, and slidingon a tloat that would carry a half-pound (ish without wink ing, I sot out, followed by Tom with the largest watering-pot full of pretty big baits, dace and roach of nigh on half a pound, and aoine over. It was a straugo, weird, solitary bit of twater, that " dyke." There was not a tree near it, nothing but a straight row of park puling. It hud all been a marsh thereabout formerly—centuries since perhaps; peats had been cut there in days when coal was not; possibly this and drainage were the origin of it. The water was dark and gloomy, us the bottom was peat, and towards the dusk of evening, whan the fog wreaths settled down on thu skeleton rueds, which rattled against the huge spectral bullrashes like empty bone, they often took strange fanci ful shapes, and the ghost of Mary Wily, with \- the infant in her arms, was often supposed to be seen floating among them, while her screams were heard in the cry of the divers. Mary Wily-was a poor, witless creature, who was drowned, or drowned herself and her in fant rather, in the dvke some siityyears ago, under very distressing circumstances; and none of the peasants would go within half a mile of the dyke at even-fall on any ac count. It was tolerably cheerful, however, on a'bright day like the present; and. as I did not believe iu chronicles, I wasn't much affected by i-hosts. 1 had seen plenty of peat lochs and reods, knew the cry of a " hawk from a heriuhaw," and both from any ex pressions from the spirit world; and for fog wreaths, I had been lost in them before now, nud hated tlieni much too fervently to view them from any supernatural point of view. So I set about my task cheerfully. The dyke was in places fringed with flags and reeds, but it was pretty clear,' as to the surface, from weeds. I commenced near the top, pitching over towards the other side, and working my bait in slowly foot by foot towards me. At the third cast the float went down plumb, and in ten minutes a teu pounder was walloping on the green. Then I lost two or three, the baits being too large; then I got a 12lb. fish; then some more losses, and a uino-potiudor which had been 'worried by some " real big one," and had slits in him an. inch deep and two or three long. " That s the gnrt un for a suffering, said Toin, seutentiously; ami I allowed that it must have been a ''gurt'un" indeed that did it. And so, with varying spurt, I worked my way down for three or. four lmudred yards, which brought me to the middle of the dyke or a little beyond. "Now, sir, ic was jist beyond that peu-stock as I see die gnrt 'un," iui.lic.Ued Tom. I took off the bait I had on, put on tile largest I could tiud, and walked at once down to the place. There was some deep water about this pen-stock, and I pitched my apparatus right iuto the mi'idle of it, with a considerable splash. As L did so there was a liugh. swirlin a big bunch of dead flag*, close to the bank on my right, as if a hippopotamus had made tracks from it, and a great cloud of mud welled up all round.; The next moment—I never'knew how it happened—my float was tearing- away, forty miles an hour, down tile very middle of the dyke, my bi*f salmon rod bending double, and the reel screeching like a frightened jay. After the first rush of sixty or seventy yards he stopped for a moment and sulked, then gave a huge ilouuder and flounce on the sur face, shaking his great head vigorously, and displaying a pair of jaws and a gape which would be a night-mare to most jack fisher3. Hut the rush and the pulling had done me the good service of burying two or three of the bin hooks safely; so he set off again for another sixty or seventy yards, and repeated the manoeuvre. Then he tried a little bit of round-about tactics, looking everywhere for weed beds or stakes; but fortunately there were none at hand, so he set off again, al ways in the same direction towards the lower ond of'tlie dyke. I did my best to turn him; but a big obstinate pike is very hard headed, and won't be turned easily and thus resulted in his making another long run, which took him within fifty or sixty yards of the end of the dyke, do all 1 would. Tom meanwhile followed me with the big gaff in hand, watching the tight breathlessly; for to him, as to Peter, there was something more than a mere piking boil tin the capture of one of the monsters of the dyke. Towards the lower end of the dyke, the water, which »vag about sixty or seventy yards wide at the most, narrowed a good deal and shallowed considerably, there not being more than three feet of water where the stream wont out under the road bridge. Thinking he might get me into difficulty in this shallow, I determined to try conclusions and turn him at all risks, so I put the pot on most powerfully. Thisseemed only to infuriate him the more, and taking the bit between his teeth, he set of! as straight as an arrow fur the stream, evidently bent on getting back to the river, out of which no doubt lie had strayed. " Why, duru his wig, lie's a gone under the bridge!''' cried Tom ; " atop a bit! I'll run round and stop'n." But Tom was too late ; for before he could get to the bridge the fish was under it, and I after him —for I had to lake to the water to avoid being cut. Under the bridge he went, and under L went, doubled tip, stumbling and splashing, out at the other side, but still fast ill my fish. There « as but some sixty yards of stream now to the riyer, and down the stream, nearly up to my waist, I trundled, when suddenly I heard a boyish voice on the opposite bank exciaim: " Hullo, what a lark! Here's a mermaid! I say, Rose, here's a mermaid!" And the next moment the fish ran into the open river, and I floundered up 011 to the bank. As I did so I saw a lad in a boat lying in a little creek 011 the other side of the river, and it was from him the exclamation of astonishment At my unwonted appearance came. The fish 110 sooner entered the river than, as if ilia only object was to go straight ahead, he shot right across it to the opposite bank, under the very boat, and into the little creek at the month of which the boat lay. There was a prodigious splash, for the water was shallow there. " Hullo! what's that!" and, snatching up the stretcher, the young gentleman aimed a blow at the tisli as he was floundering back into deeper water again : as luck would have it, he happened to catch him 011 the back ot the head and half-stunned him, and beforo he could recover, a repetition of the dose com pleted the victory. Just then Tom came running down the bank to him, and between them they managed to haul the fish ashore. Tile boat was sculled acrosss for me, and I went to see mv fish. Oh! 1 say, isn't he a whopper?—as big as me. nearly!" suid my young friend; and there lay the fish, certainly the biggest that ever came out of Ilartop Dyke. When we did get him to scale, he plumbed 42;!,ll>. "Oh, isn't he just big! and oh, I say, what's your name? What, Hartop! Why, Rose, I say, here's '.he Master of Kavenswood, as you call him ; and this is my cousin Rose, and my name's Fenw'ick. So's hers!" I had sem a young lady coming down the bank out of the road, into which there was a gate, She now drew near. I looked up, and my eye was arrested by a jungle-cock plume, set in a cairngorm which 1 had seen before, and under it was a golden head of rippling hair, laughing blue eyes, cherry lips, and chocks suffused with blushes at the revela tions conveyed in the hrusquo remarks of hor young cousin. "Not tho (Irat. time wo h;m> met, Mr. Hartop, I think, though onr name* were un known to each othorf' said the sweet ifirl frankly. 11 But here's papa," as an elderly gentleman came down the bank from the road; " and 1 am sure lie will bo pleased to know that the hero of 'that droiuJfill boar adventure'- -as Aunt Chewton persists in calling it to this day—was our near neigh bour." At this juncture Kouwick /inv came up. a jovial old boy, delighted to makeinyacipiaint ance ; and. being desperately fond of all kinds of sport, ho was immensely impressed with the. big fi.sli. " But, bless my soul! why, Sir. Hartop is dripping wot—wet through and through!" And so L was; but in tho excitement I had forgotten it. " Jump into the boat, mv dour-sir, pray; George will row yon down to to tho Wyke in ton minutes. Wo will walk down tho path, and shan't bo long behind. Not n word — you must; you couldn't got homo under half an hour, and would catch your death. Go on, in with you! We can give you dry things, while your man goes back and fetches your bag. Tom do you go homo and tell l'etor that Mr. Hartop won't be back to dinner, and ask him to send hisclothes along, for, now we luivo got him, we moan to keep him. What, ' friend}' All right; the more tho merrier. Lots of girls—wantsomo beaux —ipiite a godsend. My compliments to Mr. llartnp's friend—eh, ' Chatteris is his name'' Not, tho sou of old Bob Chatteris, of Lincoln's Inn? Good bless ine, what a coincidence! —boys together. Welcome • as llowers in May or coal at Christmas! What a day of fortunate accidents to bo sure! Say dinner at seven o'clock sharp, Tom; and Tom " And thoro was an aside, " Christmas time, Tom. Ilow's tho old woman, Tom?" "Hearty." "That's right." And 1 saw Tom convey something tlnvt looked liko a golden medallion with her gracious Majesty's face thereon, into his fob, with a larger grin than common as he turned away. " Hut what are wo to do with tho fish? Tom can't carry it. Shall we send it up for you/" " If you will accept it, and caro to liavo it;" atul I half turned towards the, fair lloae. " But, you know, there's always a sort of a belief or a mystery—a saying—a something about these big Hartop pike," said the old gentleman hesitatingly. " But this is not a Hartop pike, papa. It was landed here, and th^s ia part of Chewton Manor, and therefore lie is n Chewton pike; and, as I am to bo tlio liadv of- Chewton Mauor, I stand up for my rights, and accept the olfer, and I'll have it put into a case as big as a watch-box, and Mr. Hartop can come and see it whenever he likes, and when he likes. " Chewton pike!" I said thoughtfully; " what is iliac I've hoard about Chewton pike?" "Then suddenly I remembered old Peter's prospect. It was like a revelation; and, looking up; I saw that she had heard of it, and suddenlv remembered it too, and also regarded it as a revelation. I rowed myself down to " The Wyke ; Bob joined us as sooa as lie returned, mid was made very much of by his sire's old friend; an;l a glorious evening w.e had. There was a bunch of mistletoe as big as a gooseberry bush, and even a Druid couldn't complaiu that any want of proper attention was paid to it. There was present a cousin, a sisier of Master George's, to whom Bob paid frightful attention—a skittish, sprightly little witch she was—so that we were well matched. All the good old games were played to distraction, even to forfeits. Laugh! we shook the roof with laughter; and a pretty conspirnoy was got up by Master Bob, that young George, and the nousin. The cousin was blinded, and was crying the forfeits ; Bob and George brought in the big fish on a tray for a forfeit, and the usual " What shall the owner of this pretty thing be done to?" was asked. The answer was that " Bar top's Dyke should kiss Fenwick's Wyke o'er the head and tail of a Chewton pike"—at which the company laughed cou sumedly though we didn't exactly, the joke was too serious. Well, well, we did it with a laughing chorus, aud ire laughed ourselves, to cover onr confusion. The company shrieked, and I thought old Pen wick would have guffawed hituself into an apoplexy. It was the first kiss, but 1 am bound to say by no means the last. I did my best to realise the prophecy by "leading to -the hymeneal altar," as the newspapers say, the heiress of Fenwick and Chewton in about a twelve rncnth thereafter. The big pike now grins a welcome to strangers in the great hall of Hartop in a six foot, glass coBin and uuder him is writ the prophecy, of course in letters of gold, Rely upon it that great reverence is paid to that amazing preparation by every one^of the name of Hartop, while Peter—now Mr. Peter, in a silver chain of oilice—regards hitn as the totem or great medicine of the Hartops.—J7ie JPield. 