[?] The music of the past week has not been marked by any unusual attraction, though the conceits and recitals at the Garden Palace have presented some novelties. Of the former the orchestral concerts of Saturday and Thursday, under the direction of Signor Giorza, deserve first notice. On Saturday the or chestra numbered 3G players, who were placed in the gallery fronting the organ. Their playing throughout ?was distinguished by accuracy, precision, and spirit; the verve 'with which' the several numbers were interpreted had an enlivening effect on the audience, who lavishly testified their approbation. The most com mendable pieces were the overture to 'La Gazza Ladra' (Rossini); the selection from 'SataneUa' (Balfe), which was well adapted for showing the solo capabilities of several members of the band; and the final potpourri of German melodies, ' Solda teska,' by Seidenglanz. The two arrangements by Siebold of Scotch and Irish melodies were the same as those given on the previous Thursday ; the playing was considerably more meritorious. On Thurs day last another was given under the central dome. The programme consisted of six pieces, which were very unevenly performed. There was at times the same apparent scramble which prevailed the week before when the concert was given in thi6 portion of the building, as if music and places were found for the first time. The overture to 'Fra Diavolo' is familiar to the players, and was given with vigour and attention to changes in tempo and colouring. The selection from Verdi's ?? lligoletto' was a bad arrange ment, indifferently performed — no precision or fitness in any part of it. The duet for cornet and trombone, with the accompaniment by the orchestra, afforded an effective display for the principal instruments. Ths waltz, ' Mon reve' (Waldteuf el),'came as a delightful contrast to the 'Rigoletto' — a flowing, graceful melody, given with easy abandon and well-marked rhythm. A large portion of the waltz -mantle of Strauss has fallen upon this favourite writer. The laEt number was the popular ' Exhibition March,' composed by the director, Signor Giorza. Messrs. Campo, Brothers, gave their first concert on the Berden-Campo pianos in the Belgian Court on Saturday. The instrument selected by the performer, Madame Summerhayes, was a semi-grand, of brilliant and powerful tone, very handsome, cased in engraved ebony. The instrument and the pismiste, with the selections she gave, were warmly eulogised by a numerous attendance. On Monday Madame Lamal, with the valuable assistance of Signori Ortori and Pagnotti, organized a concert in the same court on the Giinther pianos, with which instruments the frequenters of the Garden Palace are familiar. The violin solos of Signor Ortori testified to the ample grounds furnished for his distin guished reputation. The playing of Signor Pagnotti was masterly and effective, special interest attaching to a Tarantelle of his own composition — a full-sounding, cleverly arranged, and rhythmic morceau, with an appropriate pianoforte accompaniment written by Madame Lamal. This lady showed herself a capable exponent of the works of various musicians, and earned the applause so freely bestowed. On the Brinsmead patent short iron grand a concert was given on Tuesday. The programme was well selected. Signor Ortori pleased the audience by his violin-playing; and he and Madame Summer hayes submitted a faithful, artistic, and pleasurable interpretation of the beautiful and rarely heard music of Flotow's 'Stra'della.' This and the last number, a ' Scene de Ballet,' a composition which is conspicuous among the very numerous elegant and graceful works of the excellent violinist, De Beriot, with the lady's pianoforte solos, constituted the best parts of an excellent whole. Signor Giorza preceded the concert of Saturday with an organ recital. His operatic selections on this instrument are generally of special interest, and the old ' Carneval de Venise ' was so effectively dressed with new stops that it seemed a novelty. While speaking of Signor Giorza justice demands that attention should be drawn to his complete vindi cation in reference to charges freely circu lated to the effect that artists engaged for the International Exhibition concerts were, through his negligence, to use no stronger term, kept without the fees they had earned. The Sydney Morning Herald of Monday last contains Signor Giorza' s emphatic asser tion that not until November 17 did he receive the cheque from the Executive Commission to cover the music expenses of the month of October. As this statement has not been contradicted, it may be re ceived as plain, unvarnished truth, and it is a satis faction to be able to remove the shadow of the stigma implied from a musician of such high standing. With regard to the pianoforte recitals, those on Saturday consisted of the performances of Mdlle. Olga Duboin, the Russian pianiste, and M. Meilhan on the semi-grand piano of Steinway, which was placed on the centre of the floor of the building, close to the platform in front of the orchestra. The piano was surrounded by spectators, and visible only to the rows immediately in front of the assembled crowd, while the incessant tramping of the visitors to aisles and gallery seriously interfered with the musical results of the recital. Much was expected from the performance of Mdlle. Duboin, whose force and muscle had been described as stupendous. There was nothing to indicate unusual display or strain. The solos of M. Meilhan were fully as audible, despite his delicate health, as those of the lady. Mdlle. Duboin' s perfect command of her fingers in rapid passages and her brilliant execution are points of unassailable merit ; but her inaccuracy is frequently evident in well-known transcriptions ; and her excision of passages, and exaggerated ad libitum (which exceeds all license on the score of ' stolen time,' so much affected by players of Chopin's music}, are unwarrantable. There was no novelty in the selection of either pianist. M. Meilhan -was manifestly ill at ease, — a state of feeling explained by those who watched the stormy ebul lition or heard the violent altercation carried on during the recital. . The Steinway recitals in the American Court were far superior to this one in the centre of the nave. The merits of the Brinsmead piano have been most assiduously and successfully put before the public by the varied and conscientious playing of Madame Sum merhayes, by whom recitals have been and are given almost daily. The same lady plays twice a week, in the German Court, on Bechstein's pianos. Madame. Lamal plays daily in the Belgian Court, and twice a week in the German, on the pianos of Goebel ; and, until his health rendered the plan impracticable, M. Meilhan divided his allegiance between America and Germany. A popular concert takes place to-day in the Agri cultural Hall, in the International Exhibition grounds, in which Mdlle. Duboin, M. Meilhan, Signor Ortori, and Messrs. Hinchy and Fairfax will take part. fiigabra Fahris announced a series of operatic enter* tainments, to be given on Saturday and Wednesday evenings, in the Guild HalL The general character of the opening concert was infinitely below the standard which the operatic reputation of Signsra Fabris would lead an audience to expect. ThisladyandSignorPompei shared the 'character' portions. In opera bouffe certain extravagancies are allowed and necessary^ ; but isolated numbers taken haphazard and broadly inter preted are scarcely permissible. Exhibitions like that of Saturday last can have no elevating or even amusing effect upon an audience, and they must de tract from the fame of artists. Miss Sherwin, of Tasmania — whose surname is the only connecting link with Miss Amy Sherwin, an Australian vocalist of exceptional talents-made her debut as a singer and pupil of Signora Fabris. Her appearance at all was, in my opinion, premature, and in Euch an entertain ment must be detrimental to her future career as an artiste. 'H.M.S. Pinafore' still holds sovereign sway at the Royal. The storm of Wednesday interfered with the attendance on that night, but the crowd had only retreated, and returned in full force at the first oppor tunity. The nautical opera, satire, or by whatever name it may be described, has created a wide interest, and is heartily enjoyed by many who, perhaps, if they once analysed the reasons for their pleasure would be amused to find on what slight grounds it depends. The whole has a strong nationality in it, and in this is the hidden charm ; under all the fun and absurdity one principle is repeatedly asserted— the glory, the pride of the English race. Sullivan, too, has in vested much of the music with the rhythm and swing of old English airs, and the patriotism \vhich peeps out so frequently finds universal echo. Miss Maggie Moore has made Josephine's character a subject of careful study — the Captain's daughter, true to her instincts of rank, struggling against yet glad to yield to her honest affection, is vividly pourtrayed, and from this finished picture the eccentricities start out with equal intensity. The vocal skill displayed is worthy of interpreting music of a high order, and the expression im parted to her songs is the outcome of real emotion. Miss Marie St. Clair has materially improved her Buttercup ; Mr. Vernon Reid in the musical part is always effective ; and, now he has mode rated the speed at which he formerly delivered the dialogue, his Ralph Rackstraw is proportionately increased in merit. Mr. South, as the Captain, earns many laurels. Mr. Rainford sings well, and com mands approbation for the ghostly persistency of his tragic Dick Deadeye. Mr. St. Clair could, by a little more go, make a far greater sensation with his song of the Englishman ; and Miss Deorwyn would be a still more charming cousin Hebe than she is if she could make the interpolated air a little more musical. The personation of the Admiral by Mx. J. C. Williamson is now generally accepted as excellent and correct; he has steadily adhered to his original conception of the character, and has gained the hearty sympathies of the numerous and varied audiences. The business works splendidly ; the deportment of Midshipmite and the smallest cousin is provocative of much mirth ; the beautiful scenery is nightly admired, and there is every prospect of a continuance of the popularity of this clever and well-mounted production. At the Victoria Theatie the old melodrama, ' The Bottle Imp,' has been revived with great complete ness, Professor Pepper lending his aid with several mysterious appliances to materially increase the supernatural elements in its attractions. Special care has been bestowed on scenery and dresses ; and the music introduced is efficiently rendered. The farce of the ' Red Lion Inn, or the Missing Ghost ' was ably produced, and the large audience left the theatre thoroughly contented with the entertainment. The Monsalvat of the divine art of music, guarded so sacredly by Bach, Beethoven, Mozart, Haydn, Mendelssohn, Handel, Spohr, Weber, Schubert, Schu mann, and other mighty kings of harmony, has ever had and ever will have brave knights of every degree who. in their several paths, ' Search for the Grail ' with unflinching devotion. Of this band one, as con spicuous for unerring judgment as for the unblemished honour of the shield he carries, a worthy successor of the maiden knight who knew not fear, sends me from the sister colony his impressions of one bright star whose sudden appearance has caused so much musical enthusiasm in Melbourne, in the appended letter :— ' It may not be uninteresting to have the opinion, or rather the feeling, of an amateur of the amateurs upon Madame Urso's playing. I am ignorant of the techni calities of music, but I will try to tell you what impression her performances have made upon me, and I justify my audacity by quoting the dictum — omnes judices paucos opificcs natura fecit. I pity the man who is insensible to the effects of good music, whether instrumental or vocal, and, if the most ignorant Chris tian is supposed to be able to ' give a reason for the hope that is in him,' the veriest tyro in music should be able, at least roughly, to analyse the sensations which music inspires, and to give 6ome reason, even in his ignorance, for the pleasure and profit he derives from listening. In Melbourne, I have heard Miska Hauser, Stre binger, poor Heine, Jenny Claus, and a host of minor performers of greater or less pretensions to fame. Compared with these, Ureo shines as the moon among the stars, ' — micat inter omnes Juliura Sidus, vent inter ignes Luna ininores.' The only violinist whom I have heard at all approaching her is Madame Neruda (she has never visited Australia) ; the palm I must award to Urso. Joachim I nave not heard, and therefore cannot com pare Camilla Urso with the greatest living violinist. Of the two lady artistes, Neruda (to whom I lis tened with delight in her recitals with Charles Halle) has the advantage over Urso in presence ; her bowing is superb, her arm a beautiful model, while her face expresses and interprets the music she produces. It is almost impossible to dissociate the manner of a player from the music. Some amount of gesticulation may be veil defended, as Haweis says, on natural grounds ; birds flutter as they sing, and why should not a player give free scope to the impulse to motion which music invariably prompts? It seems to me that in this lies the principal charm to the many of opera as compared with oratorio, and yet no one will for a moment seriously contend that the former is superior to the latter as a means of expressing by music the deepest emotions and motives. You yourself have expressed a similar view in your Mail article of November 15 on 'Israel in Egypt' — Mendelssohn's tableaux vivants notwithstanding ; and so I am disposed to lay aside what seems the natural conclu sion.-and to look at the question eutirely from the art point of view ; and this leads me to say, as I think, that anything which tends to withdraw the attention from the music and the emotions which it is intended to pourtray and to interpret, is out of place. No pianoforte player is more simple in manner or more quiet in demeanour than Halle, and no violinist is, I amtold, more undemonstrative than Joachim. Judged by this standard, Ureo satisfies the most exacting demand. Quiet, dignified, almost ignoring the audience in her reverence for her divine art, she stands erect, nearly motionless, and, when playing,' -with eyes closed. Whether the music be pathetic or vivacious; whether her audience be in tears or con vulsed with suppressed laughter — as when the queru lous refrain in the.' Carnival' breaks in upon the more tender and delicate music — she is to all appearance unmoved, unaffected ; but the emotion is not wanting, it is transmitted to the instrument which she uses with such consummate skill. In execution and phrasing, she is quite equal to Neruda ; her bowing is hardly so graceful, although it is a treat to see. But in unerrring accuracy of pitch, in the wonderful tone she produces, and, still more in the marvellously delicate and subtle harmonic and pizzicato effects which she displays without an effort, Urso is, I think, superior -to Neruda. The harmonic notes give the impression of a soft, pure, and perfect wind instru ment, and her pizzicato, with either hand, has none of the 'twang,' which so painfully mars that of most players. To this, let me add that Madame Ureo is most unaffected and obliging. She receives applause such as you have never yet heard in the Town HaU ; it is spontaneous and thoroughly meant. She invariably yields to the demands of her audience, and plays two encores, sometimes selecting popular airs. Do you think that you have h^ard 'The Last Rose of Sum mer '—wait for her rendering, and you will confess that the beautiful, though hackneyed air, has charms of melody and expression beyond .all that you have imagined.* I cannot by tame written words attempt to desenbe the effect she produces upon her audience. You know me well enough to believe that I am generally able to control emotion in public, but on hearing a short composition of Bach's for the G string played by Madame Urso as an encore, I could hardly keep back the tell-tale tears, and I saw many who. were quite overcome. On Friday the ' Kreutzer ' was given, ' by request of ,many musicians,' and one petitioner you know, though he is no musician. The violin portion of this wonderful composition was perfect, but the complete enjoyment was spoiled by the pianist, M. Auguste Saiiret, who, though possessing excellent and finished power of execution, is deficient in nerve and phy sique. I can promise you a rare treat if Madame Ureo visits Sydney. These concerts have a really good orchestra, which is admirably conducted by Monsieur Caron, an old pupil of Urso's ; the opera orchestra suffers in consequence. The first performance of ' Carmen ' was the worst ever given by the company ; and but for Mdme. Hersee's finished singing, Mr. 'Beaumont's singing and acting, and in justice I must say Miss Bessie Royal's Michaela, the opera would have failed. You may smile and say that I have mentioned all that the opera demands for success, but I cannot forget that Bizet's orchestral effects form a very large part of the beauties of ' Carmen,' and these were utterly wanting. Galahad.' Mr. Lyster's Opera Company have concluded their short season, and proceed, I believe, at once to New Zealand. Miss Daxgon lias astonished the Melbourne public by the wonderful contrast in two characters which she assumed on successive nights — viz., Elizabeth Queen of England, and Mrs. Judy O'Trotin a broad comedy, 'Ireland as it Was;' and in the heartiness with which she entered into the fun and the very con spicuous amount of amusement which she gave by her humorous illustrations attested her versatile talents. 'Never Too Late to Mend ' has been play ing at the Melbourne Royal, and to-night the 'Aerial Monarchs of the World ' are to commence a short engagement. Mr. John Hall has arrived in Sydney, and may be expected to appear soon. Madame Tasca has finished her series of chamber concerts at the Athenaeum. LAUNCELOT. 