[?] Luke Mivers' Harvest. Bt N. WALTER SWAX. The 'Sydney Mail' Prize Talc. Chatter XXII.— Me. Fjtzgeiiald goes out Riding. Summer had begun to signal itself ot intervals through he days. Its warm breath came with the freshness of pring, forcing out the later flowers till the growth of colour and of grass and leal were full. The long glorious days that passed in pageant across the earth sowed gladness evcry irbere. On the levels, and amongst the hills where the etill 1 Bees slept in wide repose, the hind was giving of its wealthi and the roistering birds and gay flowers made it all holiday The sense of freedom across the country, with the following murmur of the mighty sea, sounding his grand hosannah, \- and then the dark broad shadows where were glimpses of wings, and shrill calls on to the stretches of purple flowers, cr gold and crimson heathB tangled in mixtures of every ehade and in patches of rich colour. To sec it all was like drinking joy. The bright day with its showered blessings hud its effect on the party of ladies and gentlemen who paired off for the stretching gallops before them. Fitzgerald was beside Luke Mivers, who shrank in a pained way from the society of ladies; and in answer to his request Bryan companioned him across the rolling lands. The paces were prettily kept, and from the line of equestrians laughter rang that was more joyous than music, and faces gained colour and brilliance and happiness too — fresher and better than the keenest excitement the dance could rield On across the shades, and beneath waving wattles, laden with their hawthorn smell, and reaching down their golden globes of blossom, to contrast with leaf and grass, the busy hoofs drummed rapidly on the flowering turf, and the perfumes of the day rolled up against the speeding party like offered incense. Voices were loud and merry faces were bright with happiness. The jangling bits, the snorting hones, the earth passing beneath them like a rolling web, the sentinel trees rising slowly up in renew and meeting 1 hen with their tasselling niisletoe : all this, and fur more than could be told, struck upon their senses from the pano rama spread to them. And when the huge old sleeping hills began to throw back tbc sounds the parry carried, in grumbling defiance, and the aged rocks looked tottering in the eun— when the plash of falling waters met them, even young Mivers raised himself with a curious questioning look in answer to such u subtle appeal as he had not felt ?since the morning that followed the ball he so well remem bered. Across the shoulders of the hills, in and out the dark caves, by the side of sparkling streamlets, where swaying flowens were — where unknown plants dipped to the showering spmy and birds buthed their breasts and shot out again on vivid wings to the sun. Thus amongst ferns and strange vegetation till the day was shading down to gold, and then back on a new path by the river and the deep ford, they galloped up along its banks watching the plashes of red glow on ite waters, the reflected clouds and stripes of light throwing paths across with glories in their hues gorgeous enough for entnincc to paradise. The day was dying in its solemn imperial fashion as they reached the ^ ? ford. . '? Straight between those posts,' Fitzgerald called out in his full tones. *' The ladies will lift their habits. The river is unusually high ; ride fetcadily.' Two by two they entered the strong current, and some of the cavalcade passed in safety. Mivers was in the act of leaning down to guard against guiding his horse over the side of the ford, when the impatient animal flung up his head with sudden petulance and struck him on the lore head. He swayed dizzily and then rolled helplessly over the saddle-bow into the stream. Those of the ladies who saw the occurrence screamed, and the rest remained in awed stillness, not knowing what to do. *' Make roomon the ford, there,' shouted Fitzgerald. He was dashing back the way ho had come before his directions were understood. He passed Helen Mivors with his spui-.s struck harshly homo to his horse, aud she, noting the purpose in his face, and scarce knowing what she did, turned and followed. There was on ugly fence that cut , away tilt dirwt course along the river, and by riding round a minute might be lost. Fitzgerald did not pause ; he nettled himself in bis saddle aud cut his horse with a. stroke that maddened him ; then firming him with the rein, he rode nt the obstacle, that was as dark and stubborn-looking as a wall ; the horse was a pace behind for his spring, and he rose to it. ten feet away, clearing it by two feet and alight ing far beyond. The riders were still motionless on the ford, and it seemed for a while there was a shadowy huut down the stream, now growing grey beneath the leadening sky. The river flowed on at its speed, but the horse strided past the bubbling troth us though it had been still. Helen Mivers could sec Fitzgerald's profile turned against the sky as he wtttched the water and rode on. Suddenly his hors'o loitered, and stopped under the power of the rider's hand, and in an instant the saddle was empty and shining. Miss Mivers saw Fitzgerald running down the bank, with his eyes fixed on the floating surf and dancing ripples, then stooping for an instant, to ruu again in his stockinged feet. Thus for a while, with bis face to the stream, aud with quickened pace like the s]-ced of a deer ; then he stood, aud a great plash showed that he hud leaped far into the water. The twilight had not come, aud the day was yet so clear that every movement could be seen. The* swimmer's head appeared shaking the water away like a Newfoundland dog, and then his face moved in every direction while breasting the current and being borne slowly down. To her belief the time thus spent seemed terribly long, and there was nothing whaUT-r to be seen but 'the unbroken breast of w..ter and the mirrored yellow of the sky. She threw tbc slipper fn.ni he r foot and* sprang down, running over with her hone's clenched in fear. She saw the head of the swim mer sink and rise Again, confused in its outlines by some other sh;ipe, and turning with the stream, make rapidly for an elbow ot the river. Miss Mivers tucked her skirts high and ran abreast of Fitzgerald. He bore in towards the first point with a strength that roughed die waters to waves, ani men glided on to where a foam line was stretched against a mammoth tree, lying in the torrent nearly half-way from bank to bank. She was at the big trunk before he was, and was clambering upon the smooth bark, breathing hard, with some thought of giving help, when the swimmer's voice sent her back : *' Don't come out there, Miss Mivers, I require no assistance.' He had cut the foam scum while speaking, aud fixed his grasp on the bark ; then cautiously the hand moved t:- A-;irds the branches, whrn the limp figure of Mivers was pushed np and the tall form of Fitzgerald rose slowly after. He ran with him along the tree as though he had been a bay, and jumped down to the bank sward as Doctor Miiton galloped up. In half an hour Mr. Mivers was in his saddle and the arm of Bryan in waiting: near him. It was late when the town was gained, and fur into the night when, the ! doctor eaw his patient peacefully sleeping. Helen would have asked Fitzgerald to stay but for his saturated clothes, . „ and as once before she tendered him her hand, but this time with perplexity, gathering her brows ani the uncertainty of ? a, faint recollection on her face. He promised old Mr. '? Mivere to call next day, and suffered him to wring his hand ^^fe^onny thanks. *' I cannot thank you now,' he said, ^ Jiwitha blustering sort of eamestaess. 'Call to-morrow, Cf tSt-fFitegerald. Hy G ? , sir, you have made me your m$ Mtbtot~-do you hear, sir— me. I'm your debtor.' ??? '?? ? - She wondered if he would come early. The plash into ^flie river, ihe steadfast bearing against the stream, the cool watchful face, and the warning voice that sent her back from the fallen tree, had woven themselves with her dreams j no less than the gallant leap. She went out to show the old i gtntleman the horse that had carried Mr. Fitzgerald, I and flew with him over the ppace of 34 feet in the haste to ^E£THm ™T Wa? *' **»ta oa W« «-'e the ttroke of the A ha%nmiA' *«| *'*-« where the spars had struck X?Vt *i¥ ** P8'** nrnrfng out a storm of music when Fitegcrald came ,n, end she jwc cladlv to welcome «Ti h i 13'**,°? the '-isitor tamed hers away, ana when she looked at Ins mature and f«c, and felt the stand wayward at the fancH* that came to tew she distantly invited him to the room of young Mr. Mivers. Fitzgerald entered and saw the patient, who was pale and W-looW But for the dark fire that was in his eyes his lace would have borne but one helpless expression' of weakness- Mivere held his hand out glaolv to the emb jdli nient of strength that crossed the threshold, and asked him to be seated, with an earnestness he had not heard from him before. «.' ?5t 40Wn» **'*? Fitzgerald. I ought to give von all the thanks that words could conwy, and I know you deserve them, but I wish you toad been a less powerful swimmer, and less courageous.' ' I don't understand you,' spoke Bryan in natural sur «i!l?( °°'» y°° don't,' '''to M* -*** eyes brightening; nut 1 wish I was now lying meshed in one of the sunken snags, and all efforts to drag me out unavailing. That is the reason I cannot thank you as I ought.' He pressed a hand nervously upon his eyes, and looked curiously at his viator. The latter looked down upon him sadly. . ' It is seldom that those who have vour youth and pros pects think in that way. You must be very tired of life to tpeak_ as you do. Your accident has unmanned vou.' ' Not in the least. I f eel as well now as when first I saw you. I am tired of life.' He looked up, showing the slumbering mist in his eyes and the indescribable yearning there. Some instinct that was gathering about Bryan's self struck him with a sense of fear. ' I do not ask you,' he said, much moved, 'to make a confidant of me ; that would be impertinent : but if it is a hopeless ? ' ' Aye, aye. You would say a hopeless love. You arc right : and you might add a helpless crime— a crime not to be helped. That's what I mean bv being ' cornered.' It is cornered is'nt it, and no mistak'e ? A helpless crime ! Yes, that's the name of it. There is no help for it. I know the worst, and I can't sco my way. Come, Fitz gerald, you saved my life, and that's a reason why vou ought to know.' Then, in his listless way, 'Iwould'nt so much have cared if I bad'nt loved her so. If she had'nt grown into my life, and held it to herself with her white hands as strong as a rope of steel. If she had'nt won me so utterly that my word was hers, and she my joy and my future. She was all, and she filled them. If I could only find her I'd go to her, like a fool that I am, and live for her. The ties she has fixed can't be loosed. There's the secret. There's mo losing them.' Bryan could only look and listen. 'And the last day. She touched me with her lips, and sobbed, and asked me to believe she was not base. What did she mean 't I don't know who she is. The more I think of her the less I know. The farther off she seems— the wilder I seem. To please her I got money to spend. I spent it like water on her and before her, and I forged to get it. Fitzgerald, J forged, and the bill is in the hands of her father, who hates me, with his white face and all the strength of his queer old age ; and every night, in my dreams now, he strangles her back from me, and presents the forged bill.' A pause. 'Maybe I would not have cared so much either, but she made me better than I was. 1 was a mean ignorant bully when I saw her. I am not much now; but she made me better — far better — trying to be good enough for her. It k strange— this burning feeling 1 have, and the longing to know where she is and follow her. I know I had better be amongst the suag6, Fitzgerald ; but there is no help for it now.' Fitzgerald's great eyes grew larger, and he heard with dread. Was he entering upon such a love ? A crime he had committed already, and the future was coming. ' I wish I knew how I could help you, Mivers.' ' Do you r Oh ! If I only knew where she is ! ' He ran his fingers through his hair nervously. ' If I could but see her, and speak to herbutonce — along talk, and a farewell coming awav, with only the knowledge that she cared for me ! But she does not. She has carried my soul with her, and she has caught all my thoughts ; she gathered them to herself with her drinking eyes, and she cares no more for me, with her flashing gems and bright hair, than if I had never known her. 1 — my God, how I wor shipped her ! She was the only woman I ever cared for.' lie struck his hand upon his knee and moaned. ' If you bad only left me among the snags ! ' Bryan's whole heart went towards him because of the mad love he treasured, and when he saw the despair in his eyes and the fire it covered, he feared for himself. His love was gathering, he thought shrinkingly ; his crime was done, and they resembled each other, aud their lives were running parallel. ' Your secret is mine, Mivers. What can I do'r' ' Aye, that's the question. What can you do 'i What's to be done 'r' 'You want a change— a change,' said Fitzgerald, brightening, ' among the bills — out among the wild, silent lands and woods, looking at the calm of nature, and feeling her loveliness ; by chance to make you stronger, aud brace you against this unfortunate passion of yours. It is the onlv cure I know of in all the world, when a man is bent or broken — the wild storms, the joyful sun, the long shadows, the birds and rocks, and the billowed plains. They are, after all, the best and truest comfort.' But he was speaking sadly, as there might come a time when he would seek rest and strength there, and seek it in vain. Mivers flickered a wan smile, and sighed. li I know the country well. The silence would be mad dening. The calm and the beauty you speak of would have no sootliing or strengthening for me. I want to be away — I wont to be away and moving on — anywhere if only toiling and striving on till this feeling is beaten — is beaten down. It is killing me like this.' And so it was if the barren hopelessness of his voice and face was a guide, or the flirtings that came to his eyes were an index. Bryan cowered at his- thoughts again. A few days before he would have offered his companionship ; now he' shrank at the thought of distance from Helen. The father sent word that he would like to see Mr. Fitz- { gerald. His heart beat quickly as lie entered the room where the nch man was, and saw Miss Mivers there seated near her mother. Mrs. Mivers rose with that charming courtesy that had won him, and gave her thanks with an earnestness that might have covered a benediction ; and the old man, too, lie stood up waiting. ' You have seen the boy, Mr. Fitz gerald ; that's right, sir, he owes his life to you, and lie j knows it, as I know it. I cannot tell you bWniuch I feel your service, how can I ? He is my sou. The only child, Mr. Fitzgerald. That'll explain to you what I cannot. You have laid a great obligation on the Mivers, sir. Hasn't be, Jane— on the Mivers, and by jove they won't forgot, will they'r' If the speaker's manner was pompous his voice showed his earnestness, nnd Fitzgerald disclaimed any importance being attached to ' the service,' so far as he wa6 concerned. It had been his good fortune to save life, but under the tirc-umttanccs be, the swimmer, actually braved no danger. He saw Helen's face change to his words and wondered what the thoughts might be that came to her. She did not speak but listened eagerly when he said that on riding to the fcurface of the water lie was afraid Mr. Mivers had been can ied jjast — how lie dived to avoid the glitter of the sun that was upon the whole surface of the stream, and saw the dark figure swirling towards him ; then he rose with his burthen. ' Miss Mivers, with great courage,' he added softly, ' was alwut to run out on tbc smooth and slippery trunk of the tree to help us, had I not,.I fear rather roughly, insisted upon her remaining on the bonk.' The girl blushed hotly, but smiled, when she thought how his round clear voice struck her back from hnr efforts J to obtain a footing. Chapter XXIII. — Mb. Lvke Mivehs, Junior, com* MEXC2S A SliAKCH. ' Sit down, Luke,' said the father to the son, weeks after ; ' sit down, man, I want to talk to you.' ? The room was as pay as sun and colour could, make it, and the world outside * full of life. The sea lay in front, glittering back the light, and birds, like downy snow-flakes, railed against the blue, or shot down to the waters, em bodiments of purity and joy. The bright gardens shim mered in the soft atmosphere, and away were the stretched lints of hills in gossamer mists of blue, broken with tj;ni!ou-. The t-peaker spoke with a purpose, and, if his son did not start, be turned quickly, with a shade of expectancy that was too dreary for Rpprvli^nsion and wholly beggared of hope. He fat languidly liown, and looked out upon the i*a-linp, then away at the dimness of the farthest hills. ' What has come to you of lute, man r There is no more life in vou than a broken-down cart-horse. Is vour hwlthbad:'*'. ' My health is very good.' ' You want a change, Luke, and I am going to propose one. You want some one to live for and think for, and Fome one that will think for you better than I could. It is time you were settled. Do you ever think of marrying':'' ' ' I do not, sir.' ' I have been thinking it over of late, and I think it is the best thing you can do.' The heavy Mivers frown was Gathering on the young man's face, and his father recognised it. ' I say,' he repeated, ' it is the best thing you can do, and 1 want to see you do it soon. There is the* nicest girl in the colon}' — Helen Mivers, and you have only to ask her. That will keep the money in the family at all events, and I want to get the matter settled early. Her mother is quite agreeable, and, as far as I can judge, rather anxious about it ; so the sooner you complete the arrangement the better for all parties, and the better I shall be pleased. I've set my mind on this, Luke, and I mean it.' ' I should like to please you, father, if I could ; but in the first place, whatever my aunt may think, Helen Mivers is not a girl to be had for the asking, and if I did ask her 1 should most certainly be refused.' ' It's my belief that any little sense you ever had is leaving you. You'll oblige me by doing what I tell you.' 'I was going to say,' the son vrest on, in the* le\rel unemotional voice, 'that I do not intend to many, and that I shall never ask Miss Helen Mivers to be my wife.' A dusky red flush came angrily into the face of Mivers, senior. He knew the temper of his son, but bis own was as unyielding as success and stubbornness could make it. After' a pause, during which the young man dreamily watched the white sea-gulls, his father asked, with husky menace, ' What do you say r ' ' That I shall not get married, and that I shall not ask my cousin to be my wife.' '' Listen,' said Mivers, -speaking low, just as his son had spoken low in the hotel at Zvarrgammie, and with the same dark bent face ; ' listen, for your own sake, before you make a fool of yourself. I say you must get married, and vou shall ask your cousin. I've* arranged it, and, as God's above me, I'll not be trifled with— do you hear ? ' His son signified that he did. ' Now, I want to have no words with you, but remember this thing must be done, or ? . If you ever regretted any refusal you ever made in all vour life, you'll regret this.' ' Probably,' replied the young fellow, quietly. ''Probably! ' be d ? d, sir,' shouted the father, the bullying of his nature shooting out upon his features. ' ' Probably ' as sure as you sit in that chair.' ' There are many reasons why I should refuse, father.' ' Give me one of them.' ' Unfortunately 1 am not at liberty to give you even one.' ' Then by Jove you'll either give your reasons or do it. Listen.' The rich man's voice was trembling with anger. ' If you don't come to me to-morrow and tell me that you have 'changed your mind, don't come to me at all. Expect nothing of me. The world is vide enough for us both. You understand '( I've made 1113- money, sir, and can do with it what I please. You are young, so we're abeut balanced, I think. There are two sides to this house— that is a sufficient understHiiding for to-day, remember. I've pledged myself to this matter, and I'll not be made a fool of.' Luke Mivers, junior, put his hands wearily into his pockets, and walked slowly from the room. The next day was one of frowns and shadows. Winds hissed in from the sea with angry strength, and upon tbe waters the foam curled below tbe driving wrack. Constant showers were hustled against the windows. The sweeping of tbe weather bowed the trees and furrowed the grass plains with misty surgings. There seemed to be nothing above but the hollow day. ' Where,' asked Mrs. Mivers, as she turned quickly to the fire from the misted glass, 'is your son Luke? He lias not made himself visible yet.' Mr. Mivers started nervously. 'He'll be here for dinner, Jane, you may depend on that. Late rising does not help the appetite much. You may be sure he'll be here for dinner. I don't know,' he said, in self -com- muning, ' what could have taken him away. He can't be far off in such weather as this — what do you think f' Mrs. Mivers thought it not at all unlikely that he had gone to see Mr. Fitzgerald, with whom he now spent much of bis time. They would probably both come up for dinner. But the dinner time came, and the night threw blackness on the storm, and the booming crash of the waters rolled up like a thunder-tone. The room was bright and warm ; lights sparkled on the crystal of the table and gave out prismatic colours. The elaborate dinner was served, and the little household waited, but neither Luke Mivars, junior, nor Jlr. Fitzgerald was announced. ' Look here,' said Mivers. speaking up hotly from his wine, after a long silence, ' the fellow''s in bis sulks. He has not been himself since he came from Narrgumuiie, and I should not be surprised if it isn't a couple of days before lie honours us with his presence. I tell you, Jane, I can't stand this kind of stupidity, and I'll be ? , — I beg your pardon — what's more, I won't. Confound him, he can go to the banks of the Jordan, for me.' Mrs. Mivers's face became serious. 'I don't know whnt you mean, Luke. Was there any prospect of his leasing Miudorf i ' ' 2Cot that 1 know of ; but if he chooses to show off his tantrums, he can go. Luke Mivers, ma'am— that's me — is not to be made a fool of. If lie has left Mindorf in his sulks he'll have to look out for himself, that's what I say.' ' ' What's the meaning 01 all this, Luke V Have you had a misunderstanding with your sou?' ** Kot at all ; quite the contrary, we have had an under standing. 1 mean he understands that his home is not to be bad on any terms, that's all — nor my money either, for the matter of that, ma'am.' The wind and the rain rushed ihe windows dismally, and away at the chimney-top was a hollow moaning ; outside was the noise of waters and the striving of the wind. Mrs. Mivers shiveied. ' It would be a sad thing. Luke, if through some differ ence with your son he was out in a night like this. The fatfier started to the thought presented, and knit his Itows. ' Pooh, Jane, he is not out on a night like this, lie's up with Fitzgerald or«ome other of his acquaintances. The man who knows the comfort of a home and the value of money won't throw them away. If a man gets money, money gets him— that's about the fact of it. People don't throw money and homes behind them nowadays, believe me. We liid a difference yesterday ; I don't deny that ; but he'll find bis way out of it.' The speaker laughed till his face grew red, aud then tossed oft a bumper of wine in honour of his prophecy. But, in the bleak night that was far spread abroad) iu the driving, bustling winds, and in the showers they cast before them, no roof was above young Mivers. There was the lone pacing of a horse on 'a wet road lying shining up to snatches of moon and darkening below careering clouds. There was the ruffling of blinding rain on the pools, and the dismalness of the weather working its passion on the lands covered by the darkness. The moaning of the bend ing trees, the menace of sudden streams, and the dimness shading into blackness seemed closing round Luke Mivers as he rode. The wildness was a pleasure to him, the dreariness a kind of balm, and the savage straining of the night through which he fought brought him the solace of enurt and the blackness of no thought. He rode on pro specui'ss Luruugu uie sionu iu luugiug ciiier iub iuss iiiui had come. Black trees started up at him and shook their old aims dirgingly as he rode by. Crowding- shadows caute like phalanxes of warning ghosts ; but he rode steadily on — the sad sound of the lonely horse striking through the night when all things had sought rest and shelter. 'Across the road, like a great whisper, crept the voice of the far sea, telling out its might on the coast, while he made steadily for the hills. 'The storm blustered against the invader, and carried voices with it from far; but the beat jng feet of the horse kept on, and when the horizon grew prey,atd then took land colour from doudsand sun— when the night was spent and tbe cave of darkness nfted before the dav, ihe traveller had lost the sound of the sea-boom and entered upon spreading grass lands eyed with pools. The road etretched wearily on into the ranges, and the tired horse faltered painfully along the rutted tracK. When the day was unrolled and wintry struggles of sun pave hope to wild flowers, and passing warmth to dripping foliage, Mivcrs was fain to wean himself from his thirst for speed. The journey bad spotted him with stains, but the night passed, and all its sounds and voices had not aroused him from the intolerable brooding. If he could have seen her then— if in some of tbe hamlets he passed through he had met her and found the smile that had driven him out, he might have turned and temporised with hope for what the future would bring ; but she was not among them— only strange faces and strange looks came to confuse the thought and the search of her. He fed his horse at a queer blue-moulded hotel, because of some distant resem blance it bore to that at Narrgunimie, but it rung to children's voices, and sheltered lazy contentment. He rose quietly to the saddle and the horse moved away towards rising* grounds, and short blinks of sun along shoulders of banks that lay before him, and across hurrying brooks, with only the one face, and the living remembrances that framed it. He only delayed for rest and food for bis horse in the aimless and haggard persistence that had come; waiting impatiently on the hours when he was not moving on. It did not matter where ; he had the feeling of search, and the thought that he was nearing her, wherever she might be. He never considered that he might find her with Pelan, that she had given herself to his rival in the race, or, as the old man put it, made choice of crimson and black. Consideration of hirn scarcely intruded upon Mivers till he began to wonder at the contempt he had marked in Pelan's tone, and the cause of his laughter, when he had said he would make her his wife. If he found them together he would crush the blackleg ! — his head bent forward in the darkness of the thought as his horse plodded on. On a level road running down from the ridge of hills amongst trees, and open park land, where homes were spotted in tbe green of coming crops, he pulled up at a cluster of houses and found a shelter for his horse. There were the faint sounds of labour overpowered by voices in the inn. Tbe emell of blossoms was in the air of the lazy day. He had eaten at the hostelry and was waiting on his horse, when, one of those little men with riding boots and sporting buttons noticed him from the bar door. 'Beg pardon,' as an introduction, while refraining from the enjoyment of worrying a tattered cigar ; ' wcrn't you one of the gents as rode up the country at the races at Narrgummie 'r ' Mivers signified that he was. ' Ah, thought I knew yer seat in the pigskin when you was a coming ; that was a bustin' steeple ye carried off.. Joev-him what near licked you — took up a horse a purpose for it an' lost a hatr'ull, too.' The speaker pushed his bands into his shallow pockets, and jerked the skirts of his coat up contemplatively. ' Joe's as good a rider as ever knee'd a pad.' 'What Joe is that '-' ' Blest if I know, we all call him Joe ; he does a lot at country meets sometimes, and a good deal of a swell, too — thought when I saw you an' Joe left for it, he'd a licked you ; but there was no comin' up to that horso o' yours. Lord, what a beauty an' not such a light weight on him neither. Crimson an' black was fair licked that time.' The speaker did not see the ominous light that came to ? the young man's eyes, or notice that a pallor had drifted on. his face. ' You know this Joe — or crim ? ' ' Yes, crimson an' black, them's his colours. Know him to meet him well enough, but not chums as one might say.. Many a fiver he won me, too. I always back Joe.' Mr. Mivers spoke slowly to hide 'the eagerness in his voice. ' ' Where does he live '( ' ' ' Well, that I can't say, be goes about like. Races is a good place to see him at. He might be at Melbourne now, or he might be at Gippsland. Lord knows. lie left Narrgummie for Melbourne the day after the races. Said he didn't care a durn for his broken wing, he must go to ? town an' hev it fixed there.' 'Did he ride?' ' He always does, coaches makes him bad. That's what he says, anyhow. Rum, isn't it ?' ' Was there any one with him ? ' The questioner's voice caught with a sudden motion in his throat and ho had to' repeat the words. ' I see him at the creek crossing that day, early ; he had a led horse clothed, an' was covering the ground stiliisli, just behind the coach.' A hope that had not come to Mivers yet came now with., something like joy — ' She had not gone with him then, as her father had said, thank God.' The thought crossed him like a flash and left its light behind. The old man liad lied that he might laugh at him. But why should he bite him sor' The little jockey, who had by this time unfitted his cigar ? for further use, threw it away and whistled. He gave Mivers all the information he could over a glass of ale, took upon himself a critical examination of the legs oi' his horse,, and counselled rest. Then, finally, advised the rider that if he wanted to see Joe he ought to hev a squint at the advertised races, an' look up nominations, an' when the black gelding Ace of Clubs was there, there would Joe be, safe as ' God made little apples.' Through the lights and frowns of the spring Mivers travelled, carrying the hope he had formed with him as a new-found comfort. He slept at places on his road, but moved tirelessly on from day to day, as though motion was the only ease for his pain. He did not forget once, the face ? that could stop him now on the highway to heaven. The strong, generous grey lie rode often faltered at the unthink- ? ing call. Once he tell, and lay a moment as for a little rest before trying to j-ain his feet ; then droopindy waited for his master to mount, and struggled on along the merciless track tbatlinkedplnin to plain and crept round the tiring hills. One day, when the shades were settling, and houses glowing closer, aud the comfort of homes shone through . curtained windows, and the smoke of chimneys signalled warm hearths where were voices and laughter,* he tried to . gain a few more miles, although his horse had stopped un bidden and trembling in a mute request for respite. The master urged him mechanically, beneath the wilderness of stars resting upon tbe waters and quivering through the night. The toil was slow, but he had no thought of it till the horse lurched forward and fell with a moan of exhaus tion. After patient trying he got him up, and led him gently to where rights were among trees. They crept up to sounds - of revelry; but when he entered, all smeared of mud, and asked to have his horse taken round, the revellers of the bar looked as if a misfortune had come amongst them, and thoughtless words died out. The pale dragged man with the weary horse carried his shadow with him. His face had so eager a lingering, and such an intent wistt'umess, that men unknowingly respected him as they do a misfor tune or a mystery. Next morning he left his horse behind him and walked on. He passed many farm houses by the banks of streams, through the buoyant spring, taking no heed of sky or flowers,, or the radiance of the day. On before there, rose up the thick city haze, dimming the life below it, where he hoped to see Margaret Shorter again. To him there was hope in every vehicle as it rattled past his questioning face. Houses acd shops, as they joined into streets, caught his searching eyes, and the tide ot life rolled on with him and passed him. The new world was opening that might give joy .yet, or enfold the waste of his life, and offer but a journey from whence miflit be no prospect on the weary level, nor flowers beside the feet. Ana he had not much of hepi? — only the longing that was leading him, he knew not whither. He had money, and had learned to be frugal in days gone by. The search in the hive would be long, but welf repaid if he could catch trace of her. So into the clinging smoke and steam, past hurrying men, beautiful faces, fiauntina: silks, and strings of shining carriages, and where crowds assembled and the riot of pleasures reigned ; to every holiday gathering, with the sense of weariness growing — every exhibition that attracted crowds— all took Mivers to scan the faces and wonder if the blank was ever to be filled. Out at night before the glare of gas, among reckless laughter ; before bold faces, fair as of angels, if not for the softness that was lost and the womanliness that was wrecked ; but nowhere the curious beauty of her. Xot in the shades among the verdure of the gardens, nor near the crowding masts and cords ; not in the bustle of the streets ; neither by the cottage nor the mansion, nor among scattered homes by bridged streams ; neither in the forlornness of bleak streets, nor the homes beyond thclcity — and he searched them all. Sometimes in his quest a voice would turn and blanch him ?with the mockery that he knew was mockery before he tried to Bee. Some figure like hers he would fol low honelessly, knowing the disappointment that would come with the knowledge to be gained by a corner or door. So would he walk on, wondering if she were indeed there, or planning some distant journey. The lonely room where he slept grew more cheerless; shadows came to crowd the walls, and only when the night and sleep came with their healing did he find rest. Hordes of faces looked down at him through his dreams, here away in the distance, crowded back. Long lines of figures and many tones of voices swept past him. Meetings that gave him joy, but awoke him to the old pain, made the more bitter because of them, were all with him nightly. And while the old man at Mindorf wondered, in his lowering way, where Luke was, it was ihus Luke was living. 