AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN BJIEI'IT/ES. {From tin: Detroit EcJio.) MARK TWAIN is home again. Caro bas a flourishing ladies'cornet band. Newman Hall's cburcli cost $300,000. Another Irish famine is threatened. ' O'Connor Tower threatens an Irish re- bellion. There are 30.000 persons out of work in Glasgow. Carlotta Patti has been duly married to Ernest de Munck. Joaquin Miller has immured his daughter in a convent. "Jezebel's Daughter" is tho title of Wilkio Collins' forthcoming novel. Pauperism in England has increased nine per cent within the past year. v Queen Victoria's [journeys from. England to Scotland coBt $10,000 apiece. j At 13-year-old girl of North Star, Gratiot j county, is a mother; ' < A Bay City child has started in the race of life at Ute modest weight of 32 ounces. Jenny Lind.it 85 years old and still sings like a nightingale. Christine Nilsson is recreating in Sweden and Patti in Wales. Cariotta Patti is 39 years old, Adelina 35, Nilsson, 32, Croizette 31, and Bose 80. Garibaldi has arrived at Caprera, where he will spend the remainder of his life. ""Carlyle is better again, and it is even said that he ie going to write his own life. The police in Mexico stop and question all people found in the streets after midnight. Dr. Leonard Bacon, of .Now Haven, has been preaching fifty-five years ! The Crown Prince of Germany is in failing health. The old Kaiser may outlive him yet. The gold fever ie still rampant in Queen's county, Nova Scotia, with fine prospects. Barker, the champion checker player of New England, has become insane from close study of the game. Elisabeth Taylor, a well known Scotch novelist,' known as the "Miss Austen of modern fiction." ia dead. I Sir Robert Feel has publicly apologised to the Prince of Wales for the attack made OD him in Vanity Fair a few weeks ago. - j The Abyssinian king clsimsthe entire strip ¡ of coast ceded to Egypt in 1877. War is . , apprehended.. -' The inner surface of the dome of St, Paul's cathedral is to be (Minted with floating angels ona blue sky. The heir to the immense estate of the Marquis «(Bute is a cousin, and a Protestant, the Marquis having no eon. A man is this week riding 1,000 miles in 3000 minutes at Recreation park, Detroit. He uses 20 horses. Charles Dickens, son of the novelist, manages one of the largest printing offices in London, Haman has' won §23,000 in the past year, and bis bar-room in Toronto clears Trim $300 per week. . .. Verdi, the composer, has been obliged to give up any fürther work on account of age and infirmities.. . It is twenty years since petroleum was first discovered In this country, and we have exported 9500,000,000 worth of it. , The grand total of offspring from a single {lair of rats in three years, at the ordinary rate of increase,'is 656,808. Mme. Anderson's walk at Buffalo was a financial failure, The Buffalonians take no stock In pedestrianism, male or female. "Smoking parties" are getting'to be a fashionable entertainment in England. The Duke of Edinburgh has set the example, A 12-yeara-old daughter of Garibaldi re- cently wnrlè bathing rescued a drowning man and swam safely to shore with him. : A St. Louis' Woman who wanted to do as men do dressed up in male attire, and walking opto a hotel bar took à drink "just like a little man.'' The Duke of Argyll is again to be a bride- groom.' His wife died last year. The bride elect, a captivating widow, is 20 years the Duke's junior. There is a house in Saginaw City that no ordinary family can live in, A gang of noisy, mysterious, and uncivil ghosts keeps every one else out. Chas. Reade bas found the labour of a play- wright so much more remunerative than that of a novelist that he declares he will never write another novel. Tennyson's brother got $10,000 a year by taking the surname of Turner, and Tennyson can haye the same income on the same terms, but declines. , . Monsignor Capel is under a cloud-debarred from priestly offices. No one seems to know what is the matter, but rumour Bays " there's a woman in it." The 'New York correspondent, of tho Philadelphia'Times writes : "The ,wail of a three-months old babe is wafted regularly from 'the windows of Mrs. Tiltoh's present abiding place. She may be happy yet. The fruit-packing establishments of Balti- more employ over 25,000 hands. They will pack 12,000,000 cans of peaohea this year, using 400,000 bushels of peaehes. A woman was told to "make oath" ina' New Haven court. She blushingly said "Damn it!" and then protested against the rigour of thc law. A Mr. Soule, of Elgin, Hi., has gone ex- tensively into the business of "frog farming," and expects to supply St. Louis, Chicago, and Cincinnati with the succulent edible, A son of Dr. Kenealy is under arrest in London for forging a . newspaper reporter's signature to a dispatch announcing his own suicide. ' Laces are now selling at exactly one-half what they did two "years ago, owing to thc perfection to which the imitation article hos been brought. John Kellehcr, a farmer living near Marshall, had à misunderstanding with a mule on the 5th and came out with three ribs and a collar-bone broken. Not a hair ou thc mule's head was ruffled. Dull Lovejoy, thc Big Rapids wrestler, is to teach school in Butler, Branch County, this wiuter. There is at least one school in Branch county where the big boys won't impose on the teacher ranch. On dit that a marriage has been arranged j between tile Princess Beatrice of England and j the heir apparent to the Grand Duchy of : Badden, who is a grandson ot the Emperor William. A company of pretended Zulus in Dublin rapidly recalled their Irish brogue when a woman who had lost a san in the Zulu war pitched into them with paving stones. A Bay City reporter is billed to go up in a balloon with Prof. Rulison on the otb. He will probably publish no account of it, but will doubtless dodge into heaven, considering thc nearest chance he will ever have. The Yale scholarship for coloured divinity students is the gift of a young coloured woman who laboured for this purpose all her life in washing and other menial pursuits, and left a fund of $5000. A Grand Rapids lady bas a 12-ycar-old boy who will run away from home on the slightest pretext. At last she hit upon a plan that stopped his wandering. She dressed him up iu girl's clothes, and now he sticks closer to that house than the wall paper. There are no walks in life so bumble that love and sentiment do not sometimes invade them. The employes in a Grand Rapids livery stable spend half their time stand- ing perched on a heap of manure throwing kisses to the female prisoners in thc county jail. Holloway, the prince of English pill makers, has given $1,250,000 for the erection of a college for the higher education of women, and will further endow it with ?500,000 more and a large tract of land. His advertising has averaged from $100,000 to $150,000 per year for the last 30 years. Xcar Hurd's Corners, Tuscola county, there lives a man eighty-six years of a^c, who has been twice wrecked on thc Atlantic ocean, once wounded in thc war of 1612, Was in one railroad collision, twice fell from a building, bad two runaways, suffered by one boiler explodion, has passed through several political campaigns, lived with three wives, and is as hale to-day aa the average mau of forty. Hon. Peter White, of Monpitte, lias gone to Europe. It nil) bc fun to see'tho con- tinental hotel keepers trying to read Peter's autograph. Mrs. Counterman, of Van Buren county, was so well pleased with thc family she had married iuto that she cloped with lier brother in-law. Judge Haight, of the Manistcc circuit, has granted 07 divorces in eight months. In that county tile rule of Haight seems to take thc kinks out of tho law of love. Thc founder of thc family of Newman Hall was a Maidstone bookseller, who obtained evangelical immortality by writing a tract entitled " Come to Jesus." Before the war negroes were practically exempt from yellow fever, now they are subject to it almost as much as tho whites. The fact ia accounted for by the 'giving up of their simple habits and Abstemious diet. A couple of printers in thc Philadelphia Itccord ^office invested their bottom dollar a week ago m a partnership ticket in thc Louisiana lottery, and last Thursday learned that they had drawn' tho capital prizo of $15,000. Mr. Wm. Price of Aurora, III,, has been more fortunate than Charley Boss's father. His little two-year-old girl was kidnapped from her home last February. Mr. Price tracked thc kidnapper from city to city and state to state, across thc Atlantic, spending some SSOOO.in thc search and returning home with but seven cents in bis pocket, but with his child in his arms. 