THE ELECTORAL BILL. The Bill introduced by the Government for the amendment of the electoral laws bas not so far been materially modified in the Legislative Council. It is still in Committee, but the most important clauses have been passed without amend ment, and only one or two points of com paratively minor importance remain to be considered. A somewhat lengthy discus sion took place yesterday upon an amend ment suggested by Mr. Baker in reference to the abolition of polling-places under certain circumstances. The hon. gentleman proposes that if at any one polling-place less than ten voters record their votes in the case of an election for the Council, or in the case of an election for the Assembly 7es3 than fifteen persons on the roll exercise their franchise, that that polling place should be abolished. Mr. Baker argue3, and with great force, that the country is at present put to a great deal of unnecessary expense for the mainte nance of polling-places in localities where very few persons vote. The cost of each polling-place, according to the state ment of the Chief Secretary, i3 about £12 or £15, and the latest election returns show that this money is in many cases expended for the convenience of sometimes not more than two or thr: j persons, who could by travelling some half dozen miles record their votes ai mother and more central lenity. The principal cause of this is, of course, that polling-places are established in scantily peopled parts of a district before they are really needed. The argument of the Chief Secretary, that the alteration in the law proposed by Mr. Baker will only save the country the paltry sum of £50, is, we think, an erroneous one. At the recent elections only two or three votes were recordcJat more than ore polling-place, and at many others the number of votc3 registered did not exceed six or seven. There can be no doubt that there are several polling-places which might advantageously bo abolished until «-5rotiTnRta.n-vs rnndfir it nenftssai i»'ri re-establish them. In some respects, however, Sir. Baker's amendment, which, in the end, was agreed to, will act unfairly. Henea we hope that before the Bill is taken out of Committee the proposal will be so modified as to be less sweeping in its operation. It must be borne in mind that in the sparsely populated portions of the country, and especially in the Far North, electors have now to travel many miles to record their votes. Perhaps not more than ten or fifteen may reside within a reasonable distance of a polling-place in such districts, and it would be unfair to them to deprive them of the meagre facilities they enjoy of exercising their franchise because they do not all go to the poll. Where there is a large number of electors and the number of votes fixed by the amendment is not recorded the case is different The contention that in such an event those who do take the trouble to vote are punished for the faulta of others is scarcely relevant, as what is aimed at is to introduce economy into the system of voting ; and the claims of districts, and not of individuals, are taken into con sideration. If the Bill were altered so as to exempt from the operation of the new clause polling-places in the neighbour hood of which but few electors reside no injustice would be done to any person entitled to vote. The better plan perhaps would be, instead of laying down a fixed limit, to provide that if, where the total number of voters ;b small, a certain proportion of electors do not go to the poll, the particular polling- place shall be abolished. By this arrangement the desired object might be effected without prejudicing the rights of any voter. We gather from the remarks made by Mr. Scott that it is his intention to move an amendment to the Bill, providing that a certain sum should be deposited by candidates for election, in order to guard against the nomination of dummy can didates. The intention of the hon. gentleman is no doubt excellent, and it is very desirable to guard against persons being nominated simply for the take of giving rise to a fictitious contest ; but the matter is a delicate one to deal with, and inasmuch as there is a constitu tional point involved in it, it is a question whether it ought to bo dealt with in a Bill which merely provides for the conduct of elections. If the amendment is a desirable one it would bs better to intro duce it into the Constitution than into the electoral law ; but after all it is question able whether it is desirable — whether, in fact, the introduction of what would be in some measure a money qualification is not opposed to the spirit of the Constitu tion. A further objection to the proposal is that it might inflict hardship upon an unpopular but perfectly bona fide aspirant to Parliamentary honours. Moreover, it is worthy of note that where dummy candidates are nominate! it is more usually the proposer and seconder of the nominee than the condidate him self who is at fault, the nomination being generally made less to serve his purpose than theirs. Hence if it were made incumbent upon the propooers to deposit a certain sum, to be forfeited in the event of a certain proportion of the votes recorded not being received by the candidate, the evil might be checked. But after all there are many objections to any of these courses, and if the injurious results of dummy candidates being nomi nated are weighed against tho possible ill effects of imposing disqualifications which may injure bona fide candidates, it will be lound that of the two evils to be shunned the latter is not the least. Singularly enough, the clauses in the Bill which have formed the subject of the recent controversy between the Keturning Officer for the Province and certain District Returning Officers re ceived no attention. They were one and all permitted to pass without remark, while no hint was given of an intention to discuss them hereafter. This course of procedure, it seems to . us, is not fair to the officers who have taken exception to the provisions as they stand. The arguments they advance, both as regards the inex pediency of bringing the new rolls into force immediately upon their being made up, and a3 to the . difficulty likely to arise from requiring persons claiming to vote in a district to state the name of the district in which they were previously registered, are unanswerable, and it ia due to them that the points they raise should receive atten tion at the hands of the Council. Thb Iswaed Mail Steambb.— The Asurc, from Galle, arrived at Glenelg at 4 20 p.m. on Tuesday in a heavy sea and with a strong wind. She was cot reported from Cape Borda, the weather having been too hazy and her diitmce from tbe Cape too great for the gignilman there to make her out. It was thought that Sir Arthur Gordon, tie Governor of Fiji, was a put secger, and His Exce!leEcy Sir William Jervoi* therefore sent down Lieutenant Jervois, his aide-de-camp, to receive and offer him the nos {.italitit-s of Government House -juring the brief stay cf the steamer, bat Sir Arthur wa» not on board. Vfe notice by the E*roptnn JiaiJ that Sir Arthur Gordon was booked to leave Sin Francisco for Fiji on August 4. IIutal C.aosiAL I.s=titcte.— At a meeting of the Conccil held on jane 24, Mr. James A. You], C.M.G., in the chair, the following grntlf ? rcec, arcocg other.-, were tiected Fellows:— Sir ?William Milne. President of the L^UUtive ConDcil of Scnth Australia; and Mr. John Var- ey. K£pni:d3, Sonih Australia. Gi.e?ei.o Literary Association. — The first rceeting of tke new quarter will be held in tbe Glfcelg CcEgregatiocal Schoolroom to-morrow (fLcifsdPT), Angnet U. ? — ? : ? — ? Tub Cisteict Oochts Bill— The Attorney General sneceeded on Tuesday in wearing to the Xotice-p«pcx tho Dwtriot Court* BiU, which wa3 counted oat last week. A .trong opposition yi made ts the reappearance of the measure ?ide Mr. Bundej'a motion was --uried hv £ n3.jor.ty of 13 The liill wa. then imendU andr,,t iMvihadi it is rt ally « ,neaBtire to extend the jurisdiction of the I ;-»1 Court* ibeAlwney-GeneralbM in deferenca to hb rol . -afi atindciK-d the idea of appointing additional Ja-lSc* at prrr-nt. Ihe courfdera t»on of the repoit of the Coinmitiro wai m»do rn Order of the Day for Aujaot 2(5, when tho whole question will doabtles* be fully disct'ised Tub Bn-aET Dbiuth.— The adjourned debate on the financial statement did not take place iu the Assembly on Tuesday, as was expected. The Treasurer ha» had the speech, with nume rous appendices, printed at the Gdvernraeut Priuting Office for the convenience of hon members, but n the copies did not go out until Monday hon. memlers had not had sufficient t-me to study tbe revised statement, and at the urgent request of Mr. Rcss the Treasurer con *ent:d to the discussion being pojtponcd until Ihu.iday. The debate will take precedence oi til otner Government business until it is closed. Tin! Mail SEnviCB.-In tbe Assembly, on Tuesday, Mr. Bray enquired whether any arr»rSeaien*i b»d yet been ccme to with tbo Gov^.i-ment of Yictwia with reg*td to the mail service. In reply, Mr. Mann stated that when Mr. Morgan, on a recent occasion, sat* Mr. Berry inMelliuinp th« iit-» .».»-,i a.i u. W89 wj'iing^ tl-»t the charge on our letters «0^ ^.^ tMM *? Dow- and tiurt the sum of £5,C0O, paid in return tor the steamer calling at Glenelg, should be reduced ts £3,000. Tb-j South Australian Goveioment do not consider Mr. Berry's suggestion with regard to tbo second point at all satisfactory, as the contract pro i ides for tbe s termers calling at a Soutb Atfttrtlian fart, »nd the 'deviatiou' should not therefore be regarded as a privilege to be highly paid for. Mr. Berry abeolately declined ta rllow our Government t) become parties to tho connect. In rxordance with a suggestion tbo Victorian Premier mide, the Chief Secretary of this colony bis submitted what tbe Ministiy believe ts be a fair basis for an agr-ameut. Str-HKMfl OotriiT Civu. Sittwos.— Tbe Augu^b Civil Sittings were commenced oa Tuesday, August 22, before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut, when a special Jury case for assault and falae imprisonment, brought by Mr, Charles Banbary r^dinst Mr. Theodore Brae*, was tried. Tbe evidence disclosed thit tbe defendant fought out the plaint id's cephev, Frederick Banbury, in order to chrstise him for an insult., and findirg him in the plaintiff's home be lc:kcd the door of the room, in which the p'aintiff also was, and administered the punish* me lit. Tbe attendant circumstances were such rs to cause His Honor to reflect rather severely upon the plaintiff's action in bringing tbe case to trial. A verdict was returned fer the defendant. Kail-way Ihstbctiok.— On Monday the Hon. G. O. Hawker (the Commissioner of Public Works), Mr. Higinbotham (the Victorian Engineer), Mr. H. O. Mais (the Engineerin Chief), with some other officials, visited the North-West Bend by special train, tbe object,, we believe, being to enable Mr. Higinbotham to - inspect and report on the newly constructed line. It is understood that tbe latter gentleman speaks very favourably of tbe railway. GovHRSMBirr AfpoutthbhtSj— Mr. L. H. Sholl is to receive tbe appointment of Cashier in the Treasury in the place of Mr. A. Heath, promoted to; tbe office of Secretary to tbe Minister of Education, and Mr. C. K. Todd will succeed Mr. Sholl as Receiver of Revenues. Liquob Law Commission.— The Commission appointed to enquire into the liquor laws have completed their labours and sent in their report to His Excellency tbe Governor. We hope to be in a position to publish the report iu the course of a few days. Scmdat Tbadiho.— A case of some interest was decided ia the Police Court by Mr. Beddome on Tuesday, Angust 12. It will be remembered that a few days ago Inspector Shakespeare served Eoticts on several persons in the habit of open ing their places of busiuess during a portion of Sunday, to the effect that if they continued to do co they would be legally proceeded against. In spite of this notice, however, several opened their establishment as tunal, and a few days afterwards the Inspector served them with summonses to attend at tbe Police Court The cases were beard on TuesJay ; but there was no evidence taken excepting that of Mr. Shakes peare, who stated that at intervals when passing tbe shops they were open, and trade was going on. The first case, that of Henry Lankenau, a f ruitrerer, wrs diomiesed. Mr. Shakespeare then proceeded with a case ^against a tobacconist, Henry Sttier, which was also dismissed. The luspcztor therefore decided not to proceed with the other rises. isbath of jamis WALLACE. — xne irienus oi Mr. James Wallace will be sorry to hear of his der.tb, which occurred at Peterbead, Scotland, on Saturday, June 23. It will be remembered that Mr. Wallace came to the colony some nine or ten years ago, in company, we think, with Mr. Morrell and Mr. A. Harvey, for the purpose of making arrangements with tbe Government for the construction of a railway north of Port Augusta on tbe guarantee principle. The scheme, however, fell through, and Mr. Wallace returned to Scotland. He retired shortly after wards from bpsincas, aud lived quietly near Peterhead. His wife died some four years ago, and the deceased never rallied from tbe effects of the event. Liedertafst.— The Adelaide Liedertifol held another of their successful gentlemen's socials on Tuesday evening, August 12. Some ex cellent choruses were sung, and tbe rendering ot ' Meeres Stille ' was a masterly piece of vocali zation, and tbe gem of the evening. ' Sountag am Rheip,' 'Schifferleid,' aud ' Hurrab, German ia ' were bIeo given in excellent style, Mr. F. Besso gave a piano colo ' Marcbe mili taire,' bis own composition, whioh was receive .1 with applause, aud Mr ii-rs. Mnmme, Otto, and Trowell appeared to such advantage in their sot'gs that each had to answer to an enthusiastic encore. Mr. G. T. Harris had also tbe honour of an encore for a flute solo. Mr. Pybus accom panied tbe songs, and Mr. Fattrmnn, the leader of the Liedertulel, acted as conductor. Policb Station fob Hamlbt Bbidih.— Mr Bright, M P., waited on tbe Attorney-Guneral on Tuesday, August 12, and preseutcd a numerously signed memorial from inhabi tants of Hamley Bridge and it-i neighbourhood, prayiny for tbe erection of a Folice Station in that locality. Tbe Minister promised to obtain a report as to the necessity which existed for a compliance with the prayer of the memorUHat*, and said he would afterwards confer with his colleagues on the subject. A»fatAiDE Him CiXB.—ln the tenth year in succession Mr. Townsend receives tbe Hunt Club on Saturday next, at his suburban villa, which bas been the rcene of eo many pleasant gatherings, tbe memory of which age cannot wither nor custom stale. Of those who were present on that memorable first occasion in 1870, . : ome are gone to other lands, some are no longer knights of the saddle, but there are not a few left wlio canboett an unbroken tradition to this present. And we may hope that each succeeding year will still see the same bost presiding under the same circumstances with the old faces around him, as of old. Trial of Mr. B. Cambboh's Foub-fcrbow Plough. — We quote tbe following from the Kapunda Herald :— ' A successful trial of Mr R. Cameron's Patent Multiple or Four-furrow Plough took place in one of Mr. li. Clark's pad docks, near Tarlee, on Friday afternoon last, August 8. A previous trial of the implement took place last year at Terowie, and we then fully described the rrnstruction, and also what the inventor expected it to do. The trial at Terowie, reported by u«, was quite a success ; but then the soil at Terowie was of a ligbt description, and consequently many farmers affirmed that whilst tbe plough would answer on a ligbt description of noil, it would not do for a heavier kind. Mr. Cameron was, therefore, anxious to test its capabilities on a soil similar to what we have in the neigh bourhood of Kapunda ; hence the trial ou Kri day. \ There was not a very large attendance of farmers; nevertheless, those who were there represented some of the leading agriculturist* of tbe district. The ground was not in first class condition for ploughing, being rather wet and cloggy. A start w;m made about 1 p.m. with six borsfft, an-! continued till nearly five, ?with tbe exception ol several intetvaln allowed for examination and thr dixcu.-ision of tlie ad visability of some improvements. Yf itliout i-i- crr- tion all exjirmntd thtmselvts perfectly fc&tisfitd; with the work June. Although the horsed did not ap;»ur to b-: in any way di» trtsatd, yet most hel'i timt another two or three Lorgfs would be n'vimUf where new yrirind ?wn* being turned over. Tho pad lock in which ihe ploughing was dftii- Iri'll ten three or four years in grsas. Two or three Blight iraprove 'mmts were (?Ufrpmted by those priwut-such ai BlU-riDg the *terrh.t:-t'ir, lengthening the axl« of the liiud wheeN, .--'» '» to a!]ow 'f tDe °n wit-el riding on tl.e crown of the furr.'w, c&tead; of rucDicg fl!oi e th- t.if'e »« it does now ; but altogether the satiifa tion rx pressed by thos-s jirfBtnt must have Wtn pleading to tne in ventor.' Cjtt Mission.— The Treasurer of the City Mission, Mr. J. J. (ireen, has received a donation of £10 towards tbe funds froM 'A Christian.' ^ -U2 Tire EtScroHAi. Disraicrs Bin. — A thoroughly representative meeting to protest against the clause of the Electoral Districts Bill providing for the division of the district of Encounter Bay into two portions, and for arnexing them to Noarlunga and Mount Barker, was held in the Assembly Rcom, Fort Elliot, on Monday evening, August 11. The meeting was ' very unanimous in expressing its disapproval of the course adopted by the Government, and some very strong remarks were made about the Ministry. The Ministry were accused of wishing to. silence the district because it protested against the redaction of rates on the North-West Bend Kailway, and became both the members representing Encounter Bay happened to be in opposition. The strongest arguments brought forward in favour of the non-division of the district were that the number of members representing the South would be reduced by two and that the river trade was so important and extensive that it wis necessary that members should be ia Parlia ment xo urge and aid the Government in fostering it. It was pmtcl out tlwt the interests of the District of Encounter Bay were v*ry peculiar, and not at all allied with those o Mount Barker and Noarlunga, so that if th people of Goolwa, Port Elliot, Und Victi Harbour sought to return -a member they would be outvoted if the elec^rs on the Mount Barker end did not approve of him. This virtually meant the disenfranchisement _of the district, and one speaker advised the electors if the Bill were passed not to use their right of voting. .Reference was made to the want of gratitude shown by the Ministry, whom it was stated cwul thtir existence to the fact that tbediatric had returned the Hon. J. P. Boucaut, who had formed the Ministry, and set it fast upon it's Irgg. One gentleman^ pointed out the efforts hticg made by Victoria to secure the Murray trade, and said that if that colony obtained Enconnter Bay, with the mouth of the Murray, they would not be backward in spending money to improve it, thus in a minner advocating that the district should be annexed to Victoria if the Electoral Districts Bill were passed in its present form. Resolutions were ultimately carried that the proposed division of the district was unwarrantable and unjust, and that it 'was desirable in the interests of the river trade alone that the district should be represented in Parliament. A petition protest against the measure was also adopted and signed by all present. Govebmibst Land Saib.— A sale cf lands in the- Hundreds of Mount Muirhead, Mayurra, aud Kivoli Bay, County of Eyre, was held at the Land Office on Tuesday, August 12. There was a very large attendance, including a good number of residents from Millicent and Blvoli Eay, who had come in the Coorong for the par pose of attending the sale. The bidding was brisk. Seven sections were sold in the Hundred cf lilvoii Eay, all of which were disposed of at 12\. Cs. 6d. per acre. More than half the sections were sold in the Hundred of Mount Muirhead, and the highest price obtained was for Section 194, 123 acres, which was purchased by Mr. J. McNeil at £7 19s. 6d. In the Hundred of. Mayurra all the sections with the exception of three were disposed of at £2 8s., being the highest price per acre. The total number of acres sold in the three hundreds was 19.442J, and the total amount realized was £63,993 17s., . the average price being £3 5s. per acre. In the Hundred of Mount Muirhead the total number of acres sold was 17,555 £, and the amount realized £60^254 8s., the aveiage price being £3 Ss. 6d. per acre. The total number of acres sold in the Hundred of Kivoli Bay was 75C, and the amount realized £1,513 15s., the average price being £2 Os- &L; per acre. In the Hundred of Majurra 1,140 acres were sold, and £2,225 14s. was the amount realized, the average price being £1 19s. per acre. UsivEBsrrx Donations. — It is announced in the English papers that Dr. James George Beacey, Senior Surgeon of the Melbourne Hospital, has presented the University of St. Andrew's, of which he is a medical graduate, with the sum of £1,000 for the better endow ment of the chair of medicine and anatomy. He has given a similar amount to the University of Edinburgh. Lath Fire at Port Abblacdb. — The enquiry aa to the cause of the fire which lately occurred at Mr Jackson's shop, Port Adelaide, was con tinued by the City Coroner at the Exchange Hotel, Port, on Tuesday evening, August 12. Mr. Jackson was again represented by Mr. H. Downer, the Insurance Companies by Mr. J. T. Tnrnbull, and the Imperial Fire Office by Mr. T. J. King. Very little fresh evidence was elicited. Mr. Jackson's apprentice, Thomas Hill, was called, and said he had seen a box similar to that described by Mr. Jackson as having contained some Bank notes, but it held envelopes. He knew nothing as to the cause of the fire, as he was in town when it occurred. Sergeant Sullivan said he had been unable to £nd the man who was seen about the Com mercial-road half an hour previous to the fire lreakir- out. The Jury returned a verdict to the effect that there was no evidence to show how the fire occurred. The foreman, on behalf of the Jury, highly complimented Deputy Superintendent Sanders and his men for the quickness displayed by them in putting out the fire, and thought the thanks of the public were due to them. He also commended the police for their prompt action in the matter. Immigration akd Emigration.— The number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the week ending Saturday, August 9, was 127. Of these SI came from London, 54 from Melbourne, 6 from Newcastle, and 6 from Albany. The number of persons who left by similar means during the like period was 151, all of whom went to Melbourne. Decorative Abt.— One of the attractive objects in a walk down* King William street at the present time is the shop front of Mr. W. C. B/gby, the bookseller, which has been ela borately decorated with a degree of taste and skill alike creditable to the artist and the owner. It is unique in style, and calculated to arrest attention from its very attractive ap pearance, without being either glaring or gaudy. The artist is Mr. W. J. Williams, a late student at the School of Art, South Kensington, London. The verandah is painted in what is technically termed tertiary grounds, picked out in secondary lines and arabesque ornament. The writing is admirably executed in the perspective, beut, and writing styles, the letters standing out in a most prominent manner. The small panels on the pilaster* arc filled with arabesque orna ments enclosing advertisiog notices ; the beads and mouldings ore picked out with gold, which brightens the whole. The cedar panels in th ? chop window are filled with imitatio ? ivory and ebony. The front of the sho above the verandah is principally painte in '-tcondary grounds with ornaments, globes, bocks, and ornamental writing, tastefully dtsigued and cleverly arranged. The lettering is, for the most part, ia perspective, and painted in r rimary colours, gold acting for the yellow givirg a brilliant effect. On the third flit ar painted designs of different articles sold within and the rest of the surface is decorated in a very pleasing way, the colouring being a little brighter than that on the story below. The name of Mr. Rigby is painted above in Egyptian block*, and the name also shows on the end of the building in the same kind of letters. The whole of the interior of the building has been painted and decorated to mutch the outside. From the opposite side of the street the appear ance of the shopfront and verandah is strikingly handsome. The Kalahomb— The Maiine Board pro no u need judgment on Tuesday, August 12, in the investigation as to the grounding of the Kalahcme at Rivoli Bay on July 25. There were present Captain E. H. Ferguson, S.M. (President), Captains J. 'W. Smith, JP., and D. Tapley, Mr. J. Formby (Wardens), and Captain E. Pearce, the master. The President read the following decision: — 'The Marine Beard is of opinion that the stranding of the barque Kalahome off Glen Point, Rivoli Bay, on the afternoon of July 25 last is attributable to an error of judgment on the part of the master, Edwin Pearce, but deems it unnecessary to take further action. The Board regrets to find from the evidence adduced that after the accident the master gave way to intemperance, bnt at no complaint has been preferred further proceedings have not botn taken.' The Axb&icak; Was.— Mr. W. H. Thomp son's diorama of the American Wax from a Confederate point of view is announced for production at White's Rooms on Monday even ing next. The engagement between the war shipa Alabama and Hatteras and the funeral of Genera] Jackson are prominent features in the spectacle. The interest of the tnttrtainment will be increased by the performance of Pro fessor Herman, the ventriloquist. Peopessob Herman.— Under the name of the 'Wizard of the East,' this performer gave an entertainment in the Town Hill, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, August 12. There was a email attendance. The entertainment was divided into two parts, a conjuring performance snd a 'drawing-room entertainment,' THE LATE CONTROVERSY ON RITUALISM.—We have received a Copy of a pamphlet written by a Church of England layman, entitled "parties in the Church ; their claims considered," which has arisen out of the late Elcum controversy. Cusiors Piece of Pbixtetg.— It should have btf n mentioned that the special piece of print icp recently presented by Mr. Knick to Mr. and Mis. Kindermann was executed at the office of !dnt:i. Carey & Page, both of whom contributed :o ;fcf c*ef ign, and the latter did the whole of lie colccr printing. Rpuef to Relatives ofc Captajx Flcjders. —The following petition from three femile relatives of the lat«T Captain Matthew Flinders was presented to the House of Assembly by Mr. Townsend on Tuesday, August 12 :— a That it is well known to your honourable Hoass and to the colonists of South Australia fEe whole coast of this noble province was discovered and surveyed by Captain Flinders in 1802 in Her Majesty's ship Investigator ; that his subsequent services as an Australian explorer have been recognised by the colonies of New South Wales and Victoria in the grant of a pension of £100 per annum, which has been enjoyed by hit daughter for a qaarterof a century past; that on the voyage in question his brother (Simuel Ward Flinders) was the first lieutenint of the ship in which these discoveries were made, and necessarily shared in all the dangers encoun tered and all the service3 performed; that Lieutenant Samuel Ward Flicders died in 1832, and left his widow with thrcs daughters to be brought up on the scanty Admiralty pension of his rank, amounting to £50 per annum ; that Mrs. Samuel Ward Flinders, wife of the above, after a long illness, died on the 5th of December, 1S78, at the advanced age of So years, the two elder daughters, Mrs. Emma Flinders Proctor, and Mrs._ alary Flinders Matthews, having both died during the past year ; that therefore one daughter only remains, Mrs. Elizibeth Flinders Johnson, a widow, middle-aged, in mo3t straitened circumstiuces and rapidly failing health, who now claims your sympathy and assistance, being utterly unable to earn her own livelihood ; that Miss Elizabeth Flinders, aged 76, and her sister Henrietta Flinders, aged 74, daughters of the late Mr. William Flinders, uncle of the late illustrious explorer, are in the same unfortunate circumstances, the means of the one Miij Elizabeth Flinders having been seriously involved by the repudiation of Turkey to her bondholders, and the other Miss Henrietta Flinders from similar losses ami Bank failures; that seeing the value of the services rendered by their relatives. Captain Matthew Flinders, and Lieutenant Samuel 'Ward Flin ders, your memorialists are led to believe, and favourably hope that in their distress an appaal to your honourable House will meet with generous recognition; and they, therefore, earnestly pray that their situation may be taken into account by the Government of the pros perous colony of South Australia, and such re lief afforded to them as may seem fit.' The petition was signed by Elizabeth Flinders Johnson, Elizabeth Flinders, and Henrietta Flinders. Istebcolosui. Railtvat Ststbm— It will be seen on reference to our list of Parliamentary notes that on September 10 Mr. Ward intends to move in the House of Assembly a motion affirming that it would be beneficial to the people of Australia to connect the various railway systems, and that the co- operation of the other provinces of Australia should be in vited at a conference of representatives of all of them. CHmnrAL Srrnxas.— The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were resumed on Tuesday before His Honor the Chief Justice. William Bartktt, a coloured man, was found guilty of doing grievous bodily harm by stabbing with a knife, and wa3 sentenced to nine months' hard labour, effect having been given to a recommen dation to mercy j Thomas Clark, a hoy, was acquitted on a charge of maliciously wounding ; and John Frederick Blennerhaaset Williams was acquitted on a charge of stealing from a dwelling-house. The cases on the list for to day are Stephen Harris Eowe, embezzlement ; Samuel Cowan, bigamy ; Hans Smith, inflicting grievous bodily harm ; Patrick Barrett, James Henwood, Henry Davis, and March Berry, stealing ; David Wilkie Wilson, alias Wilkinj, breaking into a dwelling-house. The Copper Market ih Ekglahd.— From the Iod'')ii Mining Journal of June 25 we quote the following : — ' Sellers continue firmer in their quotations, and were it not for the unsatisfac tory turn which the Indian exchange haa taken slightly better prices might ere this have been obtainable. It seems almost as though the fate of the market for this metil is doomed, for whenever there has been any chance of a little spurt taking place in prices something has invariably turned up to check the advance. From time to time there have been many false starts to secure higher prices, but sellers have never since the downward turn commenced suc ceeded in maintaining any advance more than for a very short time, but have constantly had to return to their former rates. It is greatly to be hoped, however, that the attempt at a rise which ;9 now being made will not be altogether fruit less, and that advanced rates may soon be esti blisbed throughout the trade, for up to the present time the only consolation left to sellers is that owing to the reduced prices quotations mu&t; have declined to about their minimum. It res*s, however, mainly with prcdnrer3 ; if they restrict their future production then higher prices will soon be brought about; but if, on the other hand, they continue to seed forward supplies as freely as they have been doing, then doubtless lower prices ere long will have again to be accepted. At the public ticketing held last Tuesday at Swansea 1,788 tons of ore were sold at average of 10s. 8|d. per unit.' The HntDusT-sTEEHT Burolaby. — From the Argus we learn that John Williams and John Knight, the men supposed to be coacerned in the robbery of watches and jewellery at Mr. Hallman's, in Hindley-street, on July 23, were arrested in Lonsdale-street, Melbourne, by In spector Secretan and Detectives Duncan, Consi dine, and McDonnell. Some of the plunder was found on the prisoners, but the bulk of it was recovered from the house where one of the men lodged. Adelatdb Hust Club Gup.— The members of the Hunt Club will be gratified to learn that since the meeting at which the programme of the annual steeplechases was fixed. Mr. W. X-. Reid has chosen and presented to the Hunt Clnb for the winner of the Steeplechase a hand some silver enp, of the value of 60 sovs. The cup, we le»rn, is a beautiful specimen of the silversmith's art, and was specially produced at Mr. Steiner's establishment for the great Sydney Exhibition. Such a trophy should be an object of ambition to any hunting man to secure as a pleasant memento of the season, and will enable the lucky winner to say, taking a slight liberty with Horace, ' Equitavi non sine gloriu.' The Melbourne- Cup.— In our list of accept ances for the Melbourne Cup the name of Swiveller occurs by mistake, that horae having been scratched before the acceptance day. The telegraph not haying pbred the Secretary of the V.R.C. in possession of the Adelaide acceptor?, and orr telegram, which we expected to contain these, not arriving till late at night, we were unable to complete the list. Most of the Adelaide horses had, however, been accepted for in Melbourne, The Wandering Jew and First Water being the only two which were omitted from our list. Football.— A football match between a team of players connected with the legal establish- ments of this city and a combined team of Civil servants and bankers was played on the North Park Lands on Tuesday afternoon, August 12. The ball was kicked off at 4 o'clock by the law team against the wind, but it soon became evident that the combined team were over- matched, and the result was that the lawyers kicked six goals to their opponents' two. The goals for the law team were kicked by Bleech- rrore (3), Brophy, J. Smith, and J. Palmer. C. Hughes and H. Blinman kicked the goals for the combined team. Messrs. J. H. Sinclair and C. Hughes were the respective captains, and Mr. A. McMichael filled the position of field umpire. Scddes Dbath.— On Friday, August 8, Mr. S. Dawaon, J.P., held an inquest at Wellington Inn, Waterloo, on the body of Johann Dryer, about sixty years of age, who wis found dead near his van on the preceding day. The deceased, who was a hawker, left Mr. Ecker mann's house on Thursday morning, August 7, apparently in good health, but a few hours afterwards he was discovered lying dead in a paddock not far away. The Jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence, which showed that death was caused by an effusion of blood in the brain. Police Court Dkfositioss.— At the Criminal Sittings on Tuesday, during the hearing of the ease of John Frederick Blennerhasset Williams, charged with stealing from a dwelling-house, His Honor the Chief Justice commented strongly upon the way the depositions came up from the Adelaide Police Court, remarking that the bare manner in which they were forwarded was absolutely prejudicial to prisoners. Diamonds.— A lecture on diamonds will be delivered in the Oddfellows' Hill this evening by Mr. D. F. Macdonald. Melbourne Ccf. — Th-5 Adelaide acceptances for the Melbourne Cup, which were not re ceived in Melbourne last night owing to the telegraph working badly, are— First Water, The Wandering Jew, Banter, Encs-, Lockleys, Glen bnrD, Viceroy, and High Jinks. White's Roosie.— D'Arcy Read's Ghost enter tainment was again well patronised on Tuesday erenirg, and everything passed of in a satis factory manner, Miss Head's si aging and dancing being received with applause. The entertain ment will be continued during the week. Coursiso Match.— The match between Mr. W. E. Rouusevell's Bocdeletia and Mr. Wagner's Joan of Arc, which was arranged some time ago, will cot take place, aa Mr. Wagner has paid forfeit. Mb. E. S. Smtthb.— European Mail states that Mr. Smythe is looking out for a fixst-dass dramatic company fer Melbourne. Coscert.— On Tuesday eveniBg a concert in aid of the organ fund of St. Michael's Church, Mitcham, was given in the Town Hill, under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, Colonel Downe?, and the of£cer3 of the Military Force. The services of Mr. Samuel Dyke, Mr. G. Oughton, Mr. W. R. Pybui, the Military Band, Miss Plajford, Mi.-s Vaagban, Messrs. Nash, Ccombes, and Narroway, the members of the Musical Union, and a trained choir of at leest ISO children were secured, and it was con fidently hoped that the entertainment would have been a financial success. Judging from the fast that the hall was not half filled we fear that when accounts are settled up the balance will be on the wrong side of tke ledger. We are not diseased to criticise the instrumentalists severely, but we feel compelled to protest against the performances of the Military Band in the Town Hall as quite oat of place. Some idea may be formed of the ear-splitting effect of about thirty brass instruments doing their best to execute the noble music of Mendelssohn and Rcjsiui when we state fs a fact that it rendered the majestic strains of even the great organ quit3 inaudible. And this crushing weight of sound was the more to be regretted on account of the instruments being sadly out of tune. This was specially the case in the performance of the overture to Rossini's ?' Italiani in Algieri.' We mention this in all kindness, and with the hope that it may be remedied in any future concert of the kind by the substitution of harmony for mere noise. There were also several redeeming features in the performances. In the first part the tasteful singing of the ladies before-mentioned, and of Messrs. Trowell and Dyke, were a great relief to the ear, and appealed with much force to the per ceptions of the audience of the beauties and elegances of melouious sounds. Mr. Oughton's manipulation of the organ was also both judicious and skilful, especially in the second part. This included the performance, for the first time in Adelaide, of ' The Mr-deal Robin son Crusoe,' a kind of ' service of song.' The connecting parts were delivered by the Rev. J. F. Hocter, M.A., extemporaneously. The rev. gentlemen was very brief in his remarks, and always both effective and to the point. The musical portion consisted of about a dozen songs and choruses, *he words of which, like Moore's melodies, appear to have been written to existing tunes. It may be thought something rather in congruous to hear the great organ with a full band accompanying choruses arranged to such airs a3 ' John Anderson my Jo,' ' Oh, dear Robinson Crusoe,' and similar ditties ; but apart from this the entire performance was of a satis factory character, the children having been evi dently well trained in their respective pir.s. Some slight changes were m3de in the pro gramme arising from the absence of Messrs. McBiide and Christen, in consequence of which Miss Playferd sang 'Aiis, those chimes' with much taste and an evident appreciation of its ideal beautiea. The performances were con cluded with the National Anthem at about half-past 10 o'clock. South Australia* Scxdat-School Ujook. — The usual monthly Committee meeting of this Society was held on Monday eveniDfr, August 11. There was a good attendance of members, and Mr. S. Whitmore was voted to the chair. The reports of the various Sub-Committees were presented and dealt with. From the report of the Examination Committee it appeared that 413 scholars had announced themselves as can didates for the approaching competitive exami nation, being 85 in the senior division, 202 in the middle, and 126 in the junior divisions. The Corresponding Secretary (Mr. W. Shakes peare) presented a communication from the Chairmau (Sir Charles Reed) and the Hon. Secretaries of the Sunday-School Union in London, announcing intended arrangements for celebrating, in 16S0, the centenary of the establishment of Sunday -Schools by Robert Kaikes, and inviting representatives from this Union, and co-operation in the matter. The fol lowing is an extract from the communication : ? ' The principal feature will be a universal con vention of Sunday School workers and friends from all parts of the world, extending over the week commencing Monday, June 28, 1SS0, and similar in character to that held here in 1862, to which many of us look back with great pleasure. To this convention we now very heartily invite representatives from your So ciety, who will be cordial!} welcomed, and we shall be glad to receive as early as convenient the names and addresses of the friends you have appointed to represent you on t!: is important and interesting occasion. In addition to the conveHtion, we are making arrangements for gatherings of Sunday scholars in London afld its suburbs, includicg one large nn eting at the Crystal Palace ; a musical festival \sy a Sunday school choir, in the lloyal Albert Hall ; local meetings of teachers and friends, as well as of schohrs, in tha provinces, and a visit to the City of Gloucester, which visa the birth-place of Robert Eaikes and the scene of his e;irliest labours in the Sunday-school work. It is also intended that the unveiling of the statue of Robert Raikef , which is now in construction, and which is paid for to a large extent bv the Sunday-school children of Eng land, shall form part of the ceremonial.' It was resolved ' That the communication be suit ably acknowledged, expressing the sympathy and co-operation of this Union, and that the matter be brought before the ensuing annual meeting and the matter taken up by the Com mittee appointed for next year.3 A SubCom mittee to make preliminary arrangements for the annual meetings in October was appointed. Death from Natural Causes. — An inquest was held before Mr. T. O. Jones, J.P., at Sheaoak Log, on Tuesday afternoon, August 12, upon the body of Edwin Job. Mr. J. Stilling was chosen foreman of the Jury. Martha Job, mother of the deceased, said her son was 49 years old. He was never strong, and on Friday he was taken ill. On Saturday morning he sat beside the fire all day and did not eat anything, and on Sunday morning he seemed as if he had lost his senses. In the evening he took a little gruel with two tea- spoonfuls of brandy in it ; but after being taken into another room something like convulsions came on, and he died at about 12 o'clock the same night. He did not speak. About eleven months ago Dr. Dawes attended him, and said at the time he did not think he could save him. He visited him once, but sent medicines several times. James Miners Ford said he had known deceased for over twenty years. He had always been very delicate, and not able to do any work for several years. He called upon him on Sunday morning, and saw him lying upon the sofa looking very ill. Witness called again at 7 o'clock on Sunday evening. Deceased seemed worse, and witness sat up with him until he died at about 12 o'clock. His mind was wan- dering. Alfred Job, brother of deceased, said his brother had always been a weak and delicate young man. Dr. Dawes was consulted about eleven months ago in reference to him, and said he had very little hopes of his recovery at that time. He was then suffering from diphtheria. He always complained of his throat swelling, which would come and go quickly. Witness gave similar evidence to that given by his mother as to the state deceased was in on Sunday. The Jury returned the following verdict : — "That the deceased Edwin Job died from natural causes." Ttste-strebt Baptist Chubch.— The Rev. S. Mead delivered his lecture on ' Ephesus' in the Tynte- street Lecture Hall on Tuesday even ing, August 13. There was a fair attendance, and. the Rev. O. Copland presided. The lec turer gave a brief account of Smyrna and its commerce, and described the ride from Smyrna to Ephesua. He said that during the yev 1863 the Trustees of the British Museum sent out Mr. Wood to try and find the ancient Temple of Diana, which he succeeded in doing after six years' labour. The lecturer then gave an ac connt of the statue of the goddess Diana and the numerous and antique curios found in the temple. The lecture proved most entertaining and instructive, and was illustrated by numerous diagrams. At its close the rev. gentleman was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. Foukd Dbao.— On Friday forenoon, Augusts, a man, name unknown, was found hanging by two swagstraps from the branch of a tree in the racecourse paddock, at Bungaree, quite dead. An inquest was held on the following day. when Mr. C. M. Bagot, J.P., acted as Coroner, and Mr. Geo. Woerner was chosen foreman of the Jury. None of the witnesses were able to identify the body, and the Jury returned the following verdict: — 'That death was caused from esphyxia by banging, committed by deceased himself whilst labouring under temporary insinity.' Meat Presbrveig. — We (Quetnslander) are informed that in . consequence of the supposed failure to float the proposed Queensland Com preised-meat Company, Limited, several gentle men, including Messrs. Davenport, Bell, and Wienholt, have undertaken to promote a Com pany having for its object the purchase from the Hogarth AJLP. Company of all their right, title, and interest in the works at Oakey Creek, together with the stock on hand. It is proposed to cany on operations for the present under the old style of tinning meat in order to relieve the immediate plethora of the fat-stock market, and ultimately to adopt any otber process which may recommend itself' to the shareholders. With an outlay of about £400 additions can be made to the present plant of the machinery rf quired for preserving by the Chicago prows* with tapered tins, by meats of which the esta blishment can be worked at its present capa bilities — that is 400 or 500 sheep per day, or an equivalent in cattle. The title of the new Company is to be the Darling Downs Meat preserving Company, Limited, and the proposed capital £20,000, in shares of £100 each. We understand the proprietors of the present Company are prepared to take fa'ly paid Bhares for a considerable amount of the parchate n:onfy. 