GENERAL NEWS. Two London steamers, the Cyphrenes and the City of London, are now due.- The former sailed on the 28th of June, and the latter on the 3rd of July. A large deputation of representatives of Corporations and District Councils waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Friday morning, and brought under his notice various objections to a circular he had recently issued to local bodies, requiring them to obtain the approval of the Commissioner before incurring any expenditure of private subscriptions upon public works. The chief objection raised was that many useful works would be retarded and others never executed if the terms of the circular were rigidly enforced. The Commissioner, in reply, said title circular had been issued for the protection of local bodies as well as for the benefit of the Govern ment. He believed that the7 Association of District Chairmen intended to hold a meeting with reference to the circular, and, pending the ' decision then arrived at, he would suspend the operation of the circular. He would communi cate his final decision to the deputation on the 1st of September.. . On Friday.morning, August 1-5, a depu tation, consisting of Messrs. G. S. Hare, M P., W. Cavenagh, M.P., J. Dariing, M.P., P. Hewitt (Chairman of the Munne Para West District Council), J. Haley, J. Hastwell, G. Warren, W. Smitham, and C. E. Jones, waited on the Minister of Education (Hon. Thos. King) to ask that a school might be built at Penfiald. The deputation stated that the present school was held in the District Conncil Chamber. The Government had already purchased land, and a teacher's house had been erected. There was an average attendance of foity children, but if a proper school were provided there would be an attendance of from sixty-five to seventy, as there was no other sohool within a ra i ts of four and a half miles. It was also stated that the present building was in a very bad state of repair, and not fit to be used for the purpose. The Minister said he was glad the deputation had waited on him, as he was not aware the attendance was so large as they had stated. The matter had oc cupied the attention of the department, and during the last month the architect had pre pared plans for a bnilding. (Hear, hear.) How ever, before tenders were called for he would see that a school large enough to meet their wants was built. : On a recent visit to Salis bury and Smithfield, he found that in the first place the school was too . small, and in the other place it was too large. It was therefore very necessary to exercise great care in the erection of schools, so that they should be suitable for the require ments of the neighborhood. Mr. Darling said the population of Penfield was an increasing one. He thought a school large enough to ac commodate one hundred children should be built. Mr. Hare, in thanking the Minister, said he was glad the Government had reserved four acres of ground for school purposes, and he hoped that in addition to bnilding the school the Government would assist the residents in planting trees on- the grounds. The following is Friday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Dar win Telegraph Line:—Beltana, calm,, clear, fine, pleasant; Farina, N.W., light, clear, fine, pleasant'; Strangways Springs, N.W., strong, hazy,cold; Peake, S., fresh, clear, fine, cold; Charlotte , Waters, S.EL, moderate, cloudy, dull; Alice Springs, E.S.E., light, cloudy, fine; Barrow. Creek and. Tennant Creek, S.E., light, clear; fine, warm; Powell Creek, N.W., light, clear, fine; Daly Waters, oalm, clear, fine, warm; Katherine,calm, clear, fine, cool; Fine Creek and Tarn Creek, S.E., light, clear, fine, hot; Southport and Port Darwin, S.E., light, clear, fine. ; - The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Thurs day and the same hour on Friday is regis tered as follows:— Adelaide ... 0:040 Auburn ... 0*050 Blanchetown ... 0 020 Caltowie ... 0*010 CapeBorda ,..." 0240 Cape Jervis ... 0*040 Clare ... ...* 0 040 Earrell's Flat... 0*09t) Gawler... ... 0*080 Gmheracha ... .0.760 Hoyleton. ... 0*010 Jamestown ..., 10010 K-ingscote ... 0*085 Kingston :.. 0*080 Kooringa ... 0020 Mahnurn... 0 080 Milicent "... 0 040 Mount Barker 0*230 Mount Pleasant 0*320 Mount Torrens 0*340 Noarlunga ... 0*070 Normanville ..; 0*175 Overland Corner 0*060 Port Elliot ... 0 010 Port Lincoln ... 0 210 PortPirie ... 0*010 Bedhill ... 0Q10 Biverton ... 0*150 Stansbury ... 0180 Strangw3y'sSp. .0*110 Tanunda ... 0050 Willunga ... 0*210 Yorketown ... 0*040 The Treasurer intimated in the Assembly onThurfday that during the remainder of the session he would ask the 'House ' to sit late ou "Tuesday evenmgs. t ; • . fee* following members of Parliament have,been appointed a,Commission to make the enquiry, moved for by Mr. Fnrner, into the con struction,; maintenance and .management of railways,-jetties,, :and r*ublic works generally constructed or in "course of-, progress during the past four years :—.The Horn L.;.Glyde, Messrs. Bower, Fraser," Peacock, Boss, the Commissioner of Public Works, and Mr. Farner, the mover. \ \ - Messrs. Joseph Stilling & Co. have re ceived a cablegram from Suez, advising thein that the Aconcagua's mails, whichiefti here bn 17th July, "were in time for ;,the~Brindisi mail leaving Alexandria 12th August, and. would be :in LOTdon ;on 18th August—that is, 32 days from Adelaide. The P. & O. mail, which left here on 12th July, would not reach London' until 25th August; In connection with ocean mails we may mention a fact which is.of special inte rest now that our arrangements for a postal service; between the colony, and Europeare under consideration. Daring .the last bomb ward trip of' the Cbimhorazo the purser postal at Alexandria for London a letter which.was \- sent by the first steamer, and reaohed England four days earlier than, the Ohimborazo's mails that were forwarded by way of Brindisi. It is naturally suggested that if we desire quick dispatoh of our mails they should be-forwarded, • as this letter was, by the first boat, whether it is to. caU at Brindisi, Naples, or Marseilles. The Treasurer aiousecL Mr. Bray's ire ih . the Assembly on Thursday, and got the rough edge of - the hon.: gentleman's tongue in con sequence. Mr-Bray was very anxious to have a slight amendment made in the sessional order motion, hut was told by Mr. Mann that the motion as drawn had met with the approval of Mr. .Speaker, and it was delicately hinted that Mr. Bray would have shown helper taste if he hadbeen content with it in its original form. Mr. Bray thereupon turned upon the Treasurer and said—"I am much obliged to the Hon. Treasurer for his advice. When he knows properly how to conduct his own business it .will be sufficient time to give advice to 'others. He has proved himself incompetent not only in the manage ment of the financial department in-this Hotise, ■but by'his gross mattention to the business of the country." Mr. Bray added a little more in the same strain, reflecting upon: the Treasurer's alleged.laziness in not drafting the motion him self. He carried his amendment. According to the London World Mra. Beeant, whose name was prominently before the public two or three years ago in connection with the publication of a work entitled "Fruits.of '< Philosophy," is about to enter for matriculation exahiination at the London Uui versity.; There seems to be little doubt as to her ability to pass the examination successfully. , The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued on Thursday before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut. The case of Heylon v. Hey Ion, a wife's petition for judicial separation, 'occupied the attention of the Court up to the time of its adjournment. Mr. W. V. Smith' appeared for the petitioner, and Mir. 0. 0. Kingston for the respondenG. The trial will be continued this morning. ■" On Thursday afternoon, August l'd, the -Port Adelaide Corporation sat for the first time under a new regulation. Formerly the Council sat af T o'clock in the evening, and sometimes the business was hot got through till very late "at night. In accordance with a motion passed, at the previous meeting the time was altered to '3 o'clock, so that; in future, the Council will be able to get through their work by a respectable hour. . "A canard has," says the Wentworth Telegraph, "been published- in the Adelaide and Sydney papers to the effect that a seam of coal had been discovered at the junction of the~ Murrumbidgee and Darling rivers. Those who possess any knowledge of the locality are aware ' that one is just as likely to 'strike ile'ascoal, the country all round about being a series of mud fiats and sandhills. Being in the vinicity, however, we deem it necessary to deny the rumor, and regret that any person should lend himself to the circulation of a report so calcu lated to mislead the public. If further contra diction were required we may mention that from the many steamers that are constantly arriving here from the Mnrrumbidgee and the Murray not a word has been heard as to the as sumed discovery, which may therefore be taken for granted as a hoax, the emanation of either a knave or a fool." A lecture is to be given at the Pirie street Lecture Hall this evening by the Rev. R. M. Hunter on the " Scottish Covenanters/' There was but a medium attendance - at the Ghost entertainment at White's Rooms on Thursday evening. The performance was much enjoyed Owing to the fact that the New Zealand horse Fishhook was entered for the Melbourne Cup as an aged horse instead of a six-year-old, his entry was informal, and consequently he will not be allowed to start. A fancy dres3 ball was given at Govern ment House on Thursday evening. A ilarge number of invitations had been issued, and the ball was a brilliant success. Many of the costumes were remarkable for the originality and taste displayed in their selection. At the annual meeting of the "V.R.C. in Melbourne, on August 4, Mr. L. L. Smith's motion was carried that the Victorian Racing Club shall exclude from the Melbourne Race course all persons who have been declared de faulters by the Committee of Tattersall's. ■■ Mr. F. "Woodhouse has just completed an excellent painting of Mr. W. B. Rounsevell's two well-known greyhounds, Rondeletia. and Riviere. Those who have seen the picture pronounce it to he Mr. Woodhouse's very, beat production in the greyhound line. ; At a meeting of the Committee of the Aus tralian Jockey Club, held on August 4, the new scale of weight for age was adopted, and though the subject was not mentioned at the annual meeting of the V.R.C. it is pretty generally understood that they will also be adopted by the V.R.O. Committee. The Theatre Royal was fairly attended on Thursday evening, August 14, when the burlesque " Bluebeard " was again presented. The piece ran smoothly, and seemed to be thoroughly enjoyed by the audience, :who heartily applauded the principal performers, and grew quite enthusiastic over the juvenile ballet. The piece will he repeated this evening, 