INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET. (By Electric; Telegraph.— Frosi our \- own corrk3pondkkt.) SYDNEY, This Day, Whatever may be the result of the Inter colonial (cricket match, Slight and M'Donnell have clearly earned tho admiration of Now South Wales and the thanks of tho Victorians for tho courageous stand they mads against the flower of the Now South Wales howling in its full strength. They batted no; only with brilliancy, but with judgment as avell, thus laying the foundation for good scores, and raising the hopes of their teams 'at a time when it was of importance to inspire confidence, To-day's weather is not so favor- ablo for high scoring, being dull, close, and muggy, so that the ball is not eo clearly discernible by the batsmen. It is probable that there will' bs a thunderstorm in the afternoon. Consider ing the imperfect light the Victorinn people must not bo surprised if ths scoring is not nearly so heavy as it was yesterday. In going to tho wickets first the Now South Wales men haae secured a great advantage, as thoy had a splendid- wicket and an excellent light, white the Victorians had to take a wicket worn by a long innings, and now have to play in a bad light. Should ra'n fall early this will give the Now Sout Welsh men a still further advantage, as on a wot wicket Spofforth is simply unplayable. There was but a poor attendance on the ground this morning, but it is expected to iccrense as .the aftornoon wears on. Allan and M'Donnell, the "notouta" of yesterday, resumed their places at. the wickets to meet the bowling of Spofforth andEvans, Tbey showed stead; defence and very soon a change wos made, Tlndnll going on in place of Evans. At 95 M'Donnell who had played a grand innings, and had never pre viously given a ghost of a chance, was splendidly caught by C. Bannorman, off Tin- dull. 3 — 48—95. Campbell followed, and he and Allan mado a short stand, the fourth wicket failing at 115, Wickets then commenced to go rapidly, the fifth falling at 118, tho sixth at 125, and the seventh at 12U. A standjwas then made, and tho eighth wickot fell at 1G0. At lunch the score stood as follows : — NEW S.OUTH WALES. First Innings 204 VICTORIA. First Innings. Slight, c MasBie, b Spofforth 15 M'Donnell, c C. Bannerman, b Tindali ... 48 Horan, 0 Geary, b Tindali 13 Allan, c Gregory, b Tihdall 28 Campbell, oMassie, b Evans G Alexander, c and b Evans 8 Boyle, c Mossie, b Spofforth 2G Biackham, b Tindali 1 Tennent, not out .' 1 7 Palmer,, not out 0 Sundries ; „, 8 Eight wickets for 100 