Burrangong Turf Club Races. FBOM PEGASUS, I PRESIDENT : Mr. G. O'M. Clarke, J.P.; Vioe-Presldent: Mr. W. J. Watton, J.P.; Judge : Mr. John Russell ; Stewards; Messrs. S. Bell, G-. O'M. Clarke, J.P., E. H. Roberts, J.P., J. A. Maokeuzto,J.P" \V. O. Hopkins, ir. A. Brook, ' ' JP.; Starter: Mr E. Taylor ; Clerk uf tha Course : Mr. .Totnes Cain ; Treasurer: Mr. A. W. Honour,- Secretary : . Mr. J. B. Salmon. The annuul meeting of the B.T.O. took place on Thursday and Friday of last week ; and having experienced last year great kindness from «ll connected with this sporting fixture, I wasrlnht glad to find myself once moro in the town of Young, which, as many of your readers are aware, bas long been justly celebrated for the hospitality of its inhabitants. Being at the present time of writing, presred for time, and withal, a trille on the slot- list, I must co fine myself for the nonce to an account of tho races and their surroundings, promising to tell next week, of visits I made in the district, of the state of the country, as well as the town, and the different arrangements made by the turf club an-i other in habitants for thean usement of their visitors. It is watter of much regret that the attendance was so meagre, there not having been more than one-third ns many people on the course this time as there were last ; and thia is to me tho more inexplicable, because the distriot is certainly more prosperous now than it was twelvemonths ago, the Benson being a magnificent one for fee i, with every prospect of good times instead of the hard ones which have brought so m ooh ruin an dwellers in the country during the Isaf lour years. However, the fact has to bo deplored, that the attendance was »mall, which I hope I shall not have to record on any future occasion ; and I know the committee of the dub in tend making some alterations, to render the programme more enticing. From a distance there were a trood few visi tors, the falling off being principally ascribable to the dis trict Immediately round Young, and I couldn't help wonder ing to find no one from Wagtta Wagga, whence I fully cxpeoted to meet several old friends. 1 ne road to the course was worse iban last ineetiDg. and there was a scarolty of vehicles on this present occasion, which made it difficult to find the means of transit to and from the town. The busiursi poople do all thny can to induce an attendance, most of the stores being closed on race ä.~\ya at ll o'clock, but even this didn't have the desired effect. ThePre-ident and other mem bers of the committee busied themselves to make their visitors happy, each and all of them fetching out their buggies to convey friends from a distance to the course, and the arrangem«nts for al fresco luncheons were in the usual llberul style. lu fact there's no place beats Young for tho entertaining po wera of its inhabitants; and the spreading of table clothB ou tho greensward, after the Fécond race of th« day, is equalled only by the like arrange ments on coursing dayB ut Bathurst. Arrived at the course, I found it in fair order, though the inside running was dusty, through many nags huving been trained lipon it; and punctuality being observed the first rate was. started pretty will to time. Mr. Ivoiy was lucky to meet very moderate animals in tho three races won by Ito, who I . don't think is quite as good asa son of Teddington and Phoebe ought to be. Saunterer gave his followers a couple of chases, and as yet it doesn't seem to be known how good he is. I hear he has now started seventeen times and won sixteen, the only time he was beaten being in a race at two miles, when he was a two-year- old. Macaroni ran np to a very lair form, con sidering the time and the weight, over a not very just course. Hetmán Platoff, who won his first race in two years, is an own brother to Mr. A. Ooulson's Achilles, who not only won thu Orange Cup a few seasons ago but is one of the best gen tleman's hackneys tn be found lnjthe country. There were tho usual " Undor-and-over" fraternity on the oourse, besides other games ono is in the habit of seeing at races, and the booths of Mr Xiowlngton, who had the Grand Btand refresh ments under biB charge, and Mr. R. Grosvenor, were well kept and well patronised. Mr. E. Taylor wielded the starter's flag successfully ; Mr. J. Russell was the just judge ; while the President of the club took the time, and Mr. Balmon (the secretary) runhod hither aud thither, putting everything: as straight as was possible. The following is a resume of the running : Finer DAY. Tho Burrangong Turf Club Maldon Plate, of EOsovs, with a sweep of 2 s*'vs each for starters; for all maiden horses of two yon rs o'd and upwards ; 1^ mile. Mr. T. Ivory's ch h Ito, 3 yrs, Sst (Sib penalty) (Nicholson) 1 J. M'Donrell's g h Truo Blue, 3 yrs, 8st (61b penalty) (P. Ward) . ... 2 J. Miller's b h Heirloom, 4 yrs, Sst 131b (61b penalty) (Scrivener) ... ... ... ... ... 3 \- Ito wasthe favourite, and after a little fiddling at the post ho took tho lead on the full of the ling; and carried it on throughout, winning easily. True Blue held second positiou throughout. Timo 2min 22see, Thc Prince of Wales' Selling Stakes,of 30 so VB, with a sweep of 1 sov each for starters. A mlle and a distance. Mr. W. J. Hill's ch h Hetmán Píatoff, (i yrs, £20, 7st 01b (carried 21b extra) (E. Shipley) .. ... ... 1 W. G-. Archer's hg Deserter, ngod, £30,7«t lSlhfPalmer) 2 J. Ourtaln's b g Reprieve, aged, £20,7«t6lh(Nicholson) 3 G. Hemsworth'sch h Tho Bard, £20, 7st 01b (J, Hems worth)... A. Dempsey's !>rg FIshermBn, aged, £20, 7st 01b (car ried 51b extra) (P, Ward). Deserter and Reprieve jumped o way, but rounding tho turn Reprieve took a strong lead, with Deserter second and Het mán third, which order was preserved along tho fur Bide. Going down the hill, Deserter changed places with Reprieve und piloted thom alonir to tim home turn, where Hetmán came out on the outside and after u game finish by tho pair won aline raco from Deserter by a head. Reprieve getting tho emntv honour of third place. Time, 2min 4sco. The Dadles* Purse, of 60 SOVF, with a sweep of 1 sov each for starters ; fornll horses.currying wolghtforago; 1¿ milo; second horse to receive the sweep. Mr. T. Ivorv'Boh h Ito. 3,yrs, 7st 121b (Nicholson) ... I J. McDonnell's b g Messenger, 6 yrs, Ost (J. Phillip)... 2 Betting: 3 or J to 1 on Ito, who made all the running and ivon easily by a length in 2ml II 47sec. The Towu Plate Handicap, of 76 soys, with aweep ot £2 10a ¡ach for starters ¡ i J mile. Mr. J. Phalr*s oh h Baiinterer, by Bylong, 4 yrs, 6st 111b (carried 51b over) (J. Hemsworth) ... ... 1 J. Miller'« br g Maoan.nl, 0 \r«. Dst lO.b (Scrivener)... 2 J. Curtln's g h Will-o'-the-wisp (lute Errnwanghang) aged,Sst 10lb(carrled 21b over) (Nii holsnn) ... 3 H. tírjvenor's it m buiry, 0 yrs, dst 121b (carried 31b . over) ( P. Korbes) H. Wood's bl m Camilla, 4 yrs, Ost 101b (carried 4*lb over) (Ward) ? A. Bovle's ch <>r r m Bonnie Hose, 3 yrs. 8st 81b (J. - King). Bannten r and Mnoaronl were the favourites, though some people hud fancied Honnie Hose. Baunterei jumped away, fulluwed next bv Camilla, and at the stand Bonnie Hose waa third with Macaroni fourth, the others bringing np the rear. Buunterer continued his strong lead round tho turn and along the lar aide, the others keeping their'origin il m der; but at the himhts. Macaroni tonk second place, though without being able to tuterfere with .Baunterer, who won at b'aeuse; Will-u'-tbe-WIsp, wboran very gamely, linl-hing third. I lie time waa 2miu 4laec, and they did tho fir« half in 50sec. ihn squaller*' ITandloap Hurdle Unce, of 50 aova, with a sweep <.f 3 so vs each for starters. Twice round the course, over eight jumps, 3ft Oin high. 3Ir. J. Mackenzie's b g Torpedo; aged, lOst (T. O'Neil) 1 W. J. Hill's b g D'Jalma, 5 »ra. lOst 01b (T. FiTbes) 2 J. Curtln's ch g Ned-o'-the-Hllls, 4 yrs. Oat 121b iWhltty) ... ... ... ... ... 3 J. Muokenzle'e î> g Unoîe Allok. aged, 10»t 7lb (J. Began) Alick lea ut a slow paoe, with Torpedo second, the leader making a'good offer to .come down at the second fence. Over the third obstacle Alick still led, and DMalmu was second, torpedo being third to them as they negotiated tho fence nt tho stand. At, the fifth flight of sticks Alick carno down, Begau being .very quickly on his back a^ain ; but D'Jalma and Torpedo were enabled by this accident to steal a march, which gave them an advantage too great to be recovered. D'Jul ma led Torpedo to the bushes, where the latter came to the'front, and the pair made a good moe home, which ended in favour of Torpedo, Ned-o'-the-Hills being third. Uncle Allok came down u second time, but did not hurt his game rider. Time,5min. , SECOND DAY, FBIDAY. The Welter Stakes of 30 sova, with a aweep of 2 aova each for starters.. 1J mlle. Mr. T. Ivory's oh h Ito, 8 yrs, 9st 121b (Pigott) ... t J. Mackenzie's b g Torpedo, 6 yrs, lOst (Cree) ... 2 J. McDonnell's ch h True Blue, 3 yrs. Oat 121b (Phillips) . ..: ... 3 Ito led after the first hundred yards, the others following, and sometimes one and sometimes the other being tecond, and the pace very alow. Ito held bis lead of a length at the. far side the seoond time, where the pace mendëd ; and going down the hill Torpedo went up on the inside of True Blue. The chestnut led home, but had not much to spare when he hid beaten Torpedo by ha'f a length. Time, 3min 40jseo. The Burrangong Turf blub Handicap of 100 SOTS, with a aweep of 4 so vs each, for starters ; 2 milts. Mr.J. Phali's ch h Saunterer, 4 yrs, Ott 81b, and fib ? penalty (Hemsworth) ... ... ... ... 1 J. Miilei'd br g Macaroni, 0 yrs, Ost Otb (Scrivener) ... 2 J, M'Donald's bl h D'Albyn. 3 vrs, 7*t ¿lb (King) ... 3 This, the big event of the meeting, is easily deaoillied. fur Suunterer led,-with Albyn second 'ur more than half th« dis tance, \v hero Macaroni displaoed the Albyn double winner ; but could never trouble Saunterer, who won ta-ily in iimin 45seo. The riving Handicap of 30 sova, with a sweep of Saovi each, for starters ;1 mlle. Mr. II. Urovenor's b m Fairy, 6 yrs, 7st 12lb (T. Forbes) 1 J. McDonnell's b g Messenger, 6 yrs, 8st (Ward) ... 2 J. Onrtin's g h Will-'o-the-Vvisp, aged, 6Bt 111b : (Gorman) ... ? ... ... ? ... ... 3 G>. Hemswnrlh's br o Bathurst, 4 yrs, 8st llb ( Pigott) A. Hoyle's b g Whirlleig, aged, Sst. 21 ü (Howaid) W. J. Hill's b h Etar-of-the-Hllla, 6 yrs, Cst 01b (Nicholson) Mr. Taylor had a lot of trouble to get thia lot away, but eventually they got a very good start, Messenger leading, with Bathurst second, the luthers well laid up. Along tho tar side Will-'o-the-WIsp ran up to Bathurst, while Fairy t hoi tl y afterwards put In her claim, and the four ran a good race home. Fairy winning oleverly, and Messenger beating the grey for second pince. Time, lmln62eec. The Belling Hurdle llace of 26 sova. Weight for age. Twice round tho course, over eight jumps, 3 teet a Inchest high. Mr. W. J. ni H's br g D'Jalma, 6 j ra, Oat llb, carried 81b over (J. Forbes) .?. ... ? ... ... .... 1 J. Mackenzie's b g Uncle Allok, aged, Ost 21b, carried . 31b iver (J. Began) ... ... ... ... 2 J. J. Gorman's g g The Ghost, aged, Oat 21b (owner) 3 After the first fence D'Jalma led, with Alick second, and the grey very eorly out of lt. il he Indian Prince of Wmidèr ing Jew celebrity kept his lead in spite of Alick's effortu, and won cleverly. The Uhost and his rider made a great exhibi tion. Time, 5mln. The Foroed Handicap of 25 so vs. for all winners, optional to beaton horses, on payment of 25s. 1J mile. Mr. J, M'Donnell's bg Messenger, 5 yrs, 7et 51b (Word)... 1 J. Curtln's g h Wlll-o'-the-Wisp, aged. Oat 121b (J. Cuff) ... ... ... . ... ... ... a A. Boyle's c or r .m Bonnie Kose. 3 yrs, 7st 51b (Ring) 3 Bathurst (Hemsworth), Tat 21b; Camilla (Thurston;, Tat 81b; Deserter (Nicholson), Cst 10)b, not placed. The committee deserve great kudos for the way they ad justed these weights, for th« contest was a remarkably good one, and well wound up the meeting; and it would havo beeu better a long way had Mr. Ornft been able to find a rider for Hetmán Plntoff. As it waa Messenger won after a very olose finish with the grey, and Bonnie Bose was a good third. The settling took plooe at night, at Tattersalls (the Aus tralian Hotel), the chair being taken by Mr. W. J. Wal sun, vici-president of the club. The Btakes were paid over BB fol lows :-Mr. John Plwir, £171 15s ; Mr, Thomaa Ivory, £117 5s; Mr. AV. J. Hills. £70 15s; Mr. J. Maoaenaie, £88; Mr, H. Grovenor. £36 15s ; Mr. John M'Donnoll, £30; Mr. John Miller, £38 10s ; Mr. John M'Donald, £7 10¿ ; Mr. A. Boyle, £4 10B; Mr. James Curtin, £2 10s; total, £624 10s. When champagne bad been oalled for, and the loyal toasts duly given, the chairman proposed' " The Winners," expres sing a wish that ali could have been winners. The toast was responded to by Mr Phalr In very complimentary terms. Mr. Bussell proposed the health of "The Losers," and, on behalf of thc club, expressed their regret that there should be losers. They bopad, however, that tho losers now would bu winners next time Mr. Bell gavo "The Visitors," which was responded to by Mr. Solomon, who said he was well satisfied with theraoea, the place, the people, &c;, and assured the company that ho would again visit tho town, seeing that his first visit had been such au agreeable one. /Applause.) Mr. Solomon, in proposing "The Burrangong Turf Club," euloglBedin fitting language tho members of that body, but condemned Ibo roads leading to the racecourse, as also the vehicles provided for tho conveyance of visitors; and ex pressed a hope that before next meeting an improvement would take plaoe in both respects, especially in having a btt terroadmado, (Hear, hear.) Mr. Bussell responded, and expressed a hope also that we would huvo better roods before the next races, and a tele graph lino laid from Young to tho oourse, as he believed it would be found to be of the greatest ndvantage and oonve nleuco. (Applause.) In other places telegraphs communi cation bstween the raoeoourse and tho nearest town had been established with mutual benefit to all parties. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Marina also responded In a happy style. M r. Croft proposed " The Officials." He said, though tho toast of tho club hod been olre«dy given, he thought they de served n special toast for tho manner In which they had con ducted tho mnotlng. (Hear, hoar.) Tho chairman. In responding, remarked that no one could charge the officials with partiality ; ho believed that they had conducted the runes to the best of their ability, and with the intention of giving satisfaction to everybody. (Applanoe.) At tho Kensington,Park Races, Topham won tho Hurdle Hace, and Lexioun the Handicap Plat Knee. Revenue won the Oorinthlau rup,-and tfloetwing tho Kensington Handi cap, the latter beatiuu Lexicon and Ucrsobel. At the Kyneton Races, on Monday, there was a very largo attendance. HURDLE RACE.-Tipperary Boy 1, Welshman 2. KYNETON HANDICAP.-Mountaineer 1, Oowario 2, Boland 3\. This was ii good finish. Time, 3inin 20sec. NOVEL SELLING RACE.-A.T. 1, Sheriff, 2, Pyrrhus 3, STEEPLECHASE.-Himalaya l.eeleotor 2. _ " - . LAURISTON HANDICAP.--Palmerston 1/«ar Ona a, act spur 3. " DiBiBicx PLATZ,-Wantage 1, Ingomar z. . 