TINDER ONE ROOF : AN EPISODE IN A FAMILY HISTORY Anthor of-" Loet E^r Sfassingberd," CHAPTEB XXHL BOKB OIDOOB GAHBS. BY. JAMBS PAYN. 0 By Proxy," fee. The afternoon was wet, so-that the party at Halcombe were thrown upon its internal resources for ainusement. In ordinary cases of the. kind the males would have repaired to the billiard-roomi and perhaps even enlisted a; fair : recruit or two; but on "the present occasion it was felt that " Fifie" (as tye guls called Frank) when in especial favour'or ia trouble) was deserving of especial h on onr ; Jtnd it was decided,. 1 with the consent of the gpod-n&tqrgd; yieitois, that be shoiiKloliqbse^ his o wp gimfe, and be the lord of Misrule until dinner-time; For myself Slave children, but I,hate ^their. games; my knees are too stiff to Jtakei a.share in their athletics; I-cant rise trom this ground when at full-length " without touching any-. thing," even to oblige a lady of the most fairy-like descrij >tion; as to that " Hen we gp ; round, round, round," the very remem: brance of the exercise as practised hy others gives me the vertigo; while, the notion of "weighing sacks" is to a'person of my build both dangerous and preposterous.. Bad as these things are, the K sitting-down" games of children are infinitely worse; they .require. readiness of mind whichhas long deserted .me,, and an indifference to public criticism #hich I have not yet acquired. The propositions of the little Missies, however, are on the "whole ma<& more alarming, because more subtly and exacting than those of their playmates of the other sex, and the {tarty at Balpombe Hall might well congratulate itself that it. had /placed itself so unrecerviedly atleast in thehands ofa male. i Frank decided on f Bobber King*' as the amusement for the afternoon, a choice which might, perhaps, have been, sppealed against by - the young ladies as- being somewhat ef a hoydeniah—not to say rompish—nature, had not the Great Baba at once expressed his approval of the idea, which was necessarily final. f I ike wobber kings," he- shouted, "and murders and ghostisses—turn ajong." . Sir Eobert, though he too liked "playing at lostisses" as. we have, reason , to know, was ijciued on the scere of indisposition; "Uncle Ferdinand" we may be certain did not reoeive aq invitation; apd Lady Artlen, protesting it was f ope of her bad daw,* retired to the drawing-room sofy and the l^st novel of fashionable life. But the rest, even, including the Curate—who wap impressed (i^iot willingly) by Mayne pft the sronnd that .it was his duty to convert the Bobber King-^were alt inoludea in the proscription. This game consists in all but one person going to hide,' and remaining^ p«rdu till disco vered by the King, who carries them off to {durance, where they, remajn . till rescued, ^by some member of the party who has not beep discovered, an<l who - steals - out of his hidinglace with the noble intention of releasing/the : captives. " ... >•*'«'" i : • The prison wqs a painted criel ^ ifce great hall, which threw " warm gules"' arid plher mellowed hues .upop. its 'taunts, ,^fbp were imbiured behind a curtain of ^tapetifay.. This mediaeval retreat wfuioimjiL ^pgulariy enough, to be^generaUy'int^lbi^^by, but', one pafr of victim* at * time; aqd Qtatpair 'warelor die mosi part Mr.and Mrs. Bajnes (whs repuune^ in jcaptmty fbr such long ihterrals,'.that epe. dubbed BfLron and B^rbxtess'Tiehck), ijna, BOrge Gresh&mand; the Germangoyj *F It is a most extraordinary tnjng," JQI Magne to the Ornate,'who found themselves onde. thus incarcerated together, " that I have relieved Gresham and Miss'llurf. from this blepsed dungeon$bouthalf a d9zentime& n M So have 17* replied the other gravely.'. " Then it is my opinion they get caught on purpose. Perhaps he wishes to improve himiuJf in jhe German ^ongue." «} Perhaps," said the Curate J " I always^find them talking together," " I suppose it is quite understood that he and Miss Nicoll are engaged to be married," observed the other. " It Is understood so," returned Dyneley, uppn whom a crimson light suddenly descended, though he wss under a blue .pane; " but the engagement his never been politicly acknowedged." «it seems very odd^ den't it ?" "Oh, I don't know," said the Ouratedrily. " The more fact of being found in an" oriel a young window—or an arbour—alone with lady, proves nothing." Mr. Mayne laughed disooncertedly. " Well, it seems to me that there's another game beside 'Bobber Xing' being played in this house, called ' Cross Purposes' Hush! here's Baron Trenck; ' for this relief small thanks.' M "Who would have thought ef seeing you two? I always find Mr. Gresham and Miss Hurt here." And Mr. Baynes grinned a grin so significant, and at the same time so exquisitely comical, that the other two burst out laughing. " Dear me," cried Mrs. Baynes, suddenly appearing at the curtain (die was the moist active of the band save the King himself, and the most devoted to the cause of the captives), "only think of finding you three here; and what a noise yoa make! I generally release but two, and find them sitting as quiet as mice. Lor, Milly, how yon frightened me! I thought it was the Bobber King. " Nay," said Milly breathlessly, her bright face aglow with exercise, and her hair streaming behind her like a Mtmet. " You frightened me; I am not'accustomed to come upon such batches of prisoners; ifs like ' La Force' in.the French, Bevolution. I generally find only George and Miss Hurt, who—here is another Deliverer V There was indeed One and a half, for it was Evelyn with the Baba on her shoulder, whom she carried perched there with the same ease and grace with which Moorish, and other pictorial maidens, bear their pitchers .to the well. This little pitcher had not only ears, hut a very active tongue, and (since silence was an imperative necessity of the game) it took all Evelyn's authority to keep him still, as she flitted from room to room. She never ran, hut glided, and was always stately even at the topmost speed. Mayne noticed that she had none of the high spirits of her younger sister, thoqgh.there was so dight a difference in years between them. lake one who takes a hand at whist to oblige others, she did not seem to enjoy the game, though she played it very much better than the volunteers in question. Ere she could speak to the rest, tie dreaded form of Bobber King withdrew the curtain, and in a voice that was meant for one of " Murder," cried " All caught." " Nay, Sir, you are wrong," said Evelyn. " There are two more ^et to find—Miss Hurt and George." " They count as one, for I always catch 'em together," replied Frankie, and off he flashed to compelethis victory. At this, speech, 60 corroborative of what all bad been saying or thinking, every one instantly glanced at Evy, except Mr. Dyneley, who wheeled round and stared at the paintad window, as though he would have stared through it. Tbis delicacy of conduct (as is often the case) cost the Curate dear, for if he had witnessed, like the rest, the calmness and unconcern with which Evelyn received this compromising intelligence, he would have been well assured that George Gresham, at least, was not a rival to be feared. After this it was agreed by tacit consent that Bobber King had been played out, and the more so since the Great Baba was damorona for " Ghostisses," in which the game had been to his mind hitherto shamefully deficient. So in the deepening dusk they all repaired to the library, and told terrible tales, from which the Baba, in Kvy's arms, snatched a fearful joy. For my part, I doat on Ghosts, but the common sense and practical sagacity of the world have become so great that I dare not repeat these stories. One of them, however, is worth recording, first, because it took tbe unusual course of demonstrating that inanimate as well as animate objects are subject to supernatural influences; and, secondly, because it was told by the very last person in that part of the country who would have been suspected of telling stories, namely, Mr. Baynes. Moreover it had the very rarest and most valuable attribute that a ghost story can have—it was the record of a personal experience of the narrator. " It was in the afternoon of this very month some ten years ago," began Mr. Baynes, " that I entered the Great Western express at Minden to go down to Exeter. I was late and hurried. at the station, and in my confusion left behind me on a bench on the platform a little black bag full of papers of great importance. I had just retired from my profession" " What's dat ?" enquired the Great Baba, who wished to have every particular explained to him, at all times, but especially regarding so important a subject as Ghostisses. A great many people beside this intelligent infant would aim have been glad to learn what Mr. Baynes's calling had been previously to Ins undertaking the rote. of country gentiemui, so that the question ma as full 0$ interest as of pertinence. "When people are wise, Bala," observed Mr. Baynes, "and have made a little money to live upon, they proceed to enjoy themselves for the rest of theiriives withoat woridhgocdUt more, and that iscalledxetiringXramlheir profession." j iXhis wphnrtMP,;ac6oTnpsn|ed as it TOs ty one ofthemoat'tremendoua grins of which' the human muscles are capable,-was apparently found satisfactory by his interiocntbr. So' Mr. Baynes continnaL as .follow*—"In ihal bagi, 1 •ay, I had the title-deeds of The Lilacs, bf whioh I had) become possessed:-that Very day ; and, being in .very^oodspiritB,! Was not at all in a humour/to he frightened by ghosts -or anything else, until I found myself-alone in thera.il way carriage without Che bag. - ®ie instant X had takenmy se^t, and the train .began to jiiove, I knew .that I.had left it behind nte, a*d ih£ sebse of loss was most acute and depressing. -' I -did not reflect at the time ^being quite unused to business matters) that tto;one ooilld easily makfe use of. the deeds.but myself; but really felt as if I had become suddenly beggared; tiie change from gaiety of heart to despondency waS overwhelming. : Had there been any communicatieh between guard and passenger *t that epoch, which there wM not, I think I should tifctta' Btopped thai down^xprees for tbe purpose df ~ nforming its eqstodi&a; that I bad-left black tpg at Minden .Station, and would be obliged to him to reverse the engine and fetch it. \ : j" A prey to these 'anxiotu thoughts, I happened suddenly to look < up, and there, in the ' opposite earner of the carri»ge, stood the very bsg before me, with a eopy pf the Evening Statukrrd hail thrust .into .lt< month, ks I well remember to have left it. The carriage was a jUsfeduB obr, and tolerably well lighted, so that there oould' be ;nb mistake about it, although five minutes before l could have taken my Bible oath that no bag was there. I verily trembled with agitation, and I ms«t needs confess with lathing like superstitious £sar,°so confident waS j botii that there itiwas. and there it had not been. X had not a doubt that til was my bag and ho' other, and yet it was some seeondi before I: could compose my mind, and ass ore myself;how ithad ^ot-there; aamely, that C had flung it there myself aa I hurriedly entered, but that in the gloom of the carriage, as : compared with the fight from which I badcome. it had escaped my. observation. My mind -gradually. calmed dawn from excitement to content and gratitude, and presently J got up, walked to where the bag lay in its corner, and was about to take' the newspaper out to read, when that journal was suddenly drawn down into tbe bag as thongh by some bidden hand within it, and its halt-open month'was closed in my very face with asharp snap. " Anything more.surprising it-has never been my lot to experience, and very few things more alarmingi, if it had been a black dog instead of a black bag that lad thns.snapped at me I should not havB been half so disconcerted. I suddenly felt oowed and uncanny, as though in an Hbseen presence ifhat had some connection wrth;the bag. and as differeai from the proud fOBsession of that desirable estate. The Lilaos, as he had been half an hour sgb as it is possible ' to conceive. ; It «u^bima^,toill 'I^pnr> ance, and yet it had never (snapped its faithful lips at me ib^Me,^ at. shown any .'external symptotnso£.Titality.I«un«8hamedtosayfiiat I left&he.thing; iwfcere it;was untouched,-»nd " without josaking: slpy further attempt to establishitsidenti ty,tili the trains topped at Swindon, when I stepped out with great ilaarity— almoet into ^the anas of theguard. " Whut is " ^SirP" enquire he, vl- sta^hack'intb- the' carriage;« i; v.- I.••••j ..J '•• •-'•-* > " tWelL therein bag/said!, notliking -to say < My bag,' wipbfc, ss it turaed Mit,was Iuoky. ? 'Ah, yes was coming for that,? Aid he. There's a 4ad stay about that bag, m At; least itsojfner.; Hehadputitinthia c&rriage;,wfth newspaper in itt but delayed to get ihliin4~ ! till after, tbe. bdl rang. The train- started ^ at Ithe same moment, &nd; newaa caugbt between ; the -wheels and the platform, and killed upon th^ spot. Leastways, so the telegram Mys_. 60, if ione may aay so, .the hag belongs to a Dioi Man.'" >. - ; - • - . • 1 '.- ftfWhen the audience had recovered from the shock of tbis recital, and were asking, : aooordiBg to pustom, what beoame of Mr. Baynes*s own ^ black bag (as if (Aof were the object of interest), ' Mr. Frederic Mayne was trying to remember under what circumstances he had heard this story before. That he had heard it he felt certain, and also that he had not read it.'Some one had told it to him, and, what was very singular, was that after that narration soma one bad grinned at him, justas Mr. Baynes had done at the assembled company when he came to his conclusion. It was impossible that Mr. Baynes himself, whom he had never seen until that afternoon, could have been the previous narrator ; and yet' the whole thing, including the grin, seemed not so much to have been presented to his eyes as reproduced. Was it possible that iu a previous state of existence the Cheshire Oat . and he had met aad told ghost stories to one another, and that this was one of them? GHAPTEB XXIV. A DAHQHB0U8 TOPIC. It was no doubt that telling of ghost stories round the library fire which suggested to Frederic Mayne as a topic of conversation after dinner that evening modem Spiritual Manifestations. It was an unfortunate one in many respects, but he was quite unaware of the attraction which the subject possessed in his hurt's eyes, and of the reverence with which he reiprdedit. The family almys avoided Any reference to the matter, nor did they, even to their intimates, confess the hold that it had taken upon Sir Boberf s imagination. They respected him too much to risk making him an object oE ridicule to any person, especially in that neighbourhood, the inhabi tants of which, being both old-fashioned and " Philistine," were not likely to receive any details of the New Gospel with much faith, or even patience. I am afraid,, indeed, that public ifwim in those parts, if it had expressed itseU at all on such a newfangled matter, would have described the great apomes of Spiritualism as persons who wished to fill their own pockets at the expense of their disciples, a class whom ih their turn they set down as one who " from their money are soon parted." Under these circumstances it was no wonder that Sir Boherfs "peculiar* ideas were not talked about beyond the family circle, or that Gresham had not allnded to them even , to hia ; friend Mayne. . Who amongst as is.so fortunate as not tohava experienced once or twice in bis life the terrible revelation of having unconsciously said something in a company which has produced in it a catastrophe little inferior to that of the explosion of a shell ? This aoddental treading on the social fuse is so calamitous to all cencen^d, hat especially to him who has put his foot in it or on it, chat I have .always advocated the most stringent precautions. It would be a good plan, for example, if. along with the carte at every dinner table there was placed opposite to each, guest a brief and epitomised biography of each of his two neighbours, with anything peculiar or abnormal italicised thus—"Mtvorced"—" A pervert 1 '—"An advocate of *oomoa's: ri^JUi"— " Madness in the family"— u Father hung" tec. Then we should know how to steer, and, at all events, to avoid the more perilous risks of conversation ; to come "stem on," as Mr. Mayne would have called it, right against one of them, without the possibility of "backing^ or "stopping," is a shocking circumstance; how much more, terrible then is it to blunder unwillingly on same delicate topic that disoompoees an entire company! This is what poor Mr. Mayne felt he had done directly he had uttered the words a Spiritual Manifestations." . . There was no outward sun of disturbance except that Gresham made a mce as if about to whistle, but. he knew by the general sDenoe that he was on dangerous ground, as surely as though he had sou up to his knees through the dining-room carpet. Curiously enough Sir Bobert himself seemed by no means disinclined to discuss the topic ; of ridicule he stood in no fear, having never experienced its darts; while just now there^were certain reason^ with which we are acquainted, that made him very willing to receive what scientific folks call "contributions" to the subject in question. He did not understand, as any one familiar with the world would have done, that Frederic Mayne was not the sort of person to appreciate natural phenomena, unless they came in some very distinct and material shape, such as a meteoric stone, and hit him. " You have had some experience, Mr. Mayne, no doubt," he said," with respect to this curious subject." V Well, yes, Sir Bobert; I have been an idle man with more money than I knew -what to do with, and very little judgment I fear .to direct its expenditure, and among other things on which I wasted my cash was stances, or in other words small conjuring tricks done in the dark." " That is not the view of many eminent persons upon that subject," observed Sir Bobert, gravely; "nor, if it is worth while to sayao,ia it my view." " This is a free country," replied Mayne, smiling," mfl every has a right to his own opinion. For my part, however, I do not believe in the spirits of the Dead communicating with audiences of the living at so much a bead." « Perhaps you do not believe in their comma* nicsting with the Living stall Mr. Mayne smiled, half courteously, half cynically (it was difficult with him to " put np" with Humbug under any circumstances), and turned to his neighbour with "What is jout opinion. Mr. Baynes f" "We hate ow pfcilMopfai*! pnooi," mt that gentleman's unexpected reply, " to make modern and familiar things supernatural and causeless. Hence it ia that we make trifles of tenors; ensconsing onndres into .knowledge when we should submit ourselves "to ail unknown fear. Such at least is the opinion of the Divine "William, and by him I always stick " ** The Divine William P«xelaimedSir Robert, interrogatively. " W. 8, of Stratford-on-Avon," exclaimed Mr. Baynes, with a grin thatwould have convulsed the company had the subject on band been a less delicate and personal one. "I do not remember that Sh&kspeare; took that view," said Sir Bobert, robbing his thin hands. "Youwill not deny that he is some authority, Mr. Mayne." « On mundane matters, Z will grant it," returned that gentleman; "bat he lived in a superstitious age, and most necessarily have suffered from its influences." «I am afraid Mr. Mayne has not much reverence for authority of any kind," said Mr. Walcot, with a grave smile. "I don't know, what' authority' yon hare for that statement, Mr. Walcot," answered Mayne, contemptuously," but I confess I prefer to believe in what is accompanied by proofs rather than by assertions." "Indeed?" said Mr. Walcot. And tturagh he uttered but that one word it gave Kr- Mayne to understand that he (Mayne) was the very last man whom the speaker would have supposed likely to.appeal to proof, after that adventure in the arbour that morning. • "If you mean by proof the personal experience of credible witnesses, Mr. Mayne," panned Sir .Robert, speaking with great gravity; "the subject of which we speak has ample corroboration. ; Without^oing further than this dining-" room L-could find a witness to many - of those manifestations to which the term ' incredible' hasbeentreely applied." - - J- ' '' " At the risk of being called sceptical I should like to see them myself," said Mrs -Mayne; " bat unfortunately if seems I have nochance, since tbepreaence of' sceptics' has always been found ' fatal to these interesting prooeedingr." "I beg your pardon," observed Mr. Walcot, glancing at his brother-in-law, and speaking with a certain air of haughtiness; " the presence of a sceptic is no hindrance, bat that of an unsympathetic person is." " Unsympathetic with what?" enquired Mr. Mayne curtly.. "With religions instincts and influences," observed Mr. Walcot drily; "and especially with the appreciation of the fact that we material creatures are surrounded _ by spiritual co f beings, who have us more or less in keeping, as has been abundantly proved in these latter days a by the so-called manifestations." ddtbmsoc "Heavenly shows," mattered Mr. Baynes, " That is somewhere in the Divine William's." " There," said . Sir Bobert triumphantly ; " I had no idea you were each a student of Shakspeare, Mr. Baynes." «• The quotation is from O&ello;," observed the Curate, .smiling; "bat it dots not go to strengthen Mr. Walcotfe position. When devils will their blackest sins put on Hjiey do suggest at first with heavenly shews." Mayne laughed aloud; Gresham (though ho knew his ancle's eye was on him) could not restrain a titter; and Mr. Baynes outdid himself with a grin of the first magnitude. " That is quite the theologian's view," observed Mr. Wahjbt contemptuously- "They f admit the facts, and even allow their super* natural character; but they set them down to the intervention of his Satanic Majesty." - " That is not my view," stud the Curate laughing; "for putting JHaboha for Deus, I think the poet's ' nee Deus irdersif should settle that jnatter. It is surelyjscarce worth while few so important ja personage as you have mentioned tomakeueeofspirit-rappers/' « "Yea are talking about what you do not understand, Mr. Dyneley," said Walcot, with another glance at Sir Bobert, who remained silent. " May I ask you what you understand by spirit-rappers " impostors; persons who do not hesitate, for the si$e of filthy lucre,. to affect communion with' the spirits of the departed," said Dyneley calmly. " Men who take advantage of a reverence they do not share to mislead their dupes." It .was with astonishment that those who knew him- best heard the Curate thus express frimiifilf; Ins tone was very earnest, and his face, which was fixed on that of his interlocutor, had a certain defiance in it. .It seemed to say," I have been silent on this topic longer than I should have been, and now I tell you what I think of it—and of you." " lam sure, Dyneley," said Sir Bobert, speaking with great emotion, " that you would not use such language as that which has just fallen from .your lips, if you had given yeur attention to this importantvsubject. I myself have dime so, apd there is another here who can claim still deeper acquaintance with it. It pains me beyond expression to " here he stopped and turned to his brother-in-law— 14 Z think, Ferdinand, it is only right in this company of honourable men that you should give your personal testimony to the truth." " As you please, Arden," answered Mr. Walcot indifferently; " though there are minds here to-day, as there were of old, of whom it may be said that neither would they believe though one rose from the dead." "/should," observed Mr.Mayne, who, intent on his enemy, did not notice the bright spots in Sir Bobert's cheeks; "only I must see the spectre in broad daylight, -not with the shutters shut and the lights turned down, as is the modern fashion." - " I have seen no spectres," continued Mr. Walcot calmly; " but I have heard their voices, and had incontestable evidence of their presence. They have dictated words to me, too sacred, indeed, for repetition " Here Mayne would have laughed outright had not GreBham" kicked his shins under the table. " Wolds that it would be sacrilegious to expose to the ridicule of the frivolous and unthinking, but which,!hope, have made me a better and a purer man." " What a rascal he must have been before !" muttered Mr. Mayne beneath his teeth. " Moreover," pursued Mr. Walcot, " certain material -experiences have occurred to me, in the presence of many -and credible witnesses, which contravene what we. perhaps ignorantly term 'laws of nature." I have been carried bodily up -into the air by unseen hands; you may suppose such position to be without parallel _ » "Nay," observed Mr. Dyneley, "there was Asmodeus." " Likewise," remarked Mr. Mayne, " a party of thename Of Guppy, but that was a lady." It was plain that -war had been declared. Gresham, out of respect for his uncle, said nothing, hat it was easy to read on which side his sympathies' lay. Mr. Baynes's countenance wore an air of supernatural gravity, which could not, howeverj be depended upon, for when this was the case he was always the more liable to facial convulsions. " Z say ignorant persons," continued Mr. Walcot, •** may imagine such an experience to be unique, but to all who are acquained with the records of. Spiritualism there is nothing new in it. I have never been seized in this way, as some have,out of doors, but I have been carried out of the window ef a zoom and back again through another." " Through glass and all?" enquired Mr. Mayne, with the air of - a Miss Bossa Dartell, who asks " merely for information." " It was summer-time, and the windows were open, Sir;" " I was afraid you might have cut yourself," explained Mr. Mayne. " You say you were carried : by- unseen hands. Now if they were unseen how did you know they were hands ?" " I felt myself balanced upon so many finger points. Zf you have ever played the body in the child's game of 'Take breath and lift/ which is merely, science in sport, you will understand what I mean." Sir Bobert, as though he had been recently playing the game, and had" therefore the most lively recollection of it, nodded adhesion. It was te him that. Mr. Dyneley now addressed himself, partly because he thought it his duty to protest - against his infatuation, and partly because he had not the patience to discuss the matter with Mr. Walcot. " I don't see even now, Sir, why the points should have been finger-points," he said. " Your brother-in-law anay have .associated ;the notion in his mind with being lifted by the hand, because things in general are lifted by the hand. But the theory of -the unseen hands appears to me as unsubstantial as the lands themselves." " Mr. Dyneley has doubtless had no experience of spirit bands," observed Walcot carelessly; the remark appeared to be a general one, but was in reality addressed to Sir Bobert. " He -certainly-has not," observed the Curate, in a tone so decisive that it seermed to .convey the addition " nor has anybody else either." " I have seen spirit hands myself," observed Sir Robert, speaking with -great gravity, and in accents that trembled with emotion; "and though 1 have never -experienced -what Ferdinand has just, described, I have every reason— independent .-of biflw0rd,"whichwith Die at all : : events is fined—to credit it."" - : " " No one'wishes to doubt a gentleman's^Word, Sir Bobert," answered the Curate gently ? "fiift in a personal narrative in which- the' narrator' himself admits the fects~to<bs contrary to the laws of Nature, it is surely permissible tojuppose that he has—involuntarily—deceived himself, or has been deceived." « The same observation may be made on those who have described the miracles in Holy Writ," observed Mr. Walcot. " I must really object to place your testimony —or any man's— upon the same ground with that of inspired writers," observed the Curate. " I think when ' tall' stories of any kind are told in the first person," added Mr. Mayne, " that they should be prefaced by some such observation as ' I could not have believed it bad I not seen it with my own eyes.'" M Then you do not believe, it seems," said Walcot coolly, " Sir Robert's assertion that he has seen spirit hands; you think it a 'tall' story." . , , "I was not referring to Sir Roberts statement, which, moreover, is less in altitude .by a story or two than your story. If you insist on a reply as to whether I believe that you were carried oat of window on the points of unseen fingers " " Gentlemen," Baid Sir Bobert, rising with flushed face, "I most beg that thisdiscussion be discontinued. Let us join the ladies." j The invitation was of course complied with; but it was not to be expected that the objectionable topic of conversation should not be revived elsewhere. .«I think," said Mr. Baynes, in a low voice to Gresham as they stood together with their backs t« the drawing-room fire, "Mr. Walcpfs being carried into the air, ever so high—was just a little—eh?" and his mouth stretched into such a grin that it seemed to go all round his head. !" It was & trig fie,", returned Gresham confidentially, " though I sincerely wish it had been tijae, and more." j" How so?" WeD, I wish the spirit hands had not only taken him into the air bat forgotten to bring him back again." 