Poetry. ? A Day by the Shore. Uij 'lor ihe trees where tlie strengthening breeze Is fre6h with the odor of the while-capped sea, We gather once more by the wk-riblrd shore And oar htarts are happy as heart6 con be. *We hare left the town with its smoky frown And its heat-paved streets, to enjoy a day Uut where the view is a sky of bine, Green wavin'/ trees and the billows' spray. ?Or-at ships we see that the fresh winds free Wafts along to their destiaed portB afar, And ive fancy we hear tbe voices clcar Of the sailors who man the mast and spar : .And the nshermans 6ong. as he skims along On his boat so trusty, is to os brou.ht, Happy soul is he with his work on tho sea, With his home by tbe shore and his honeBt thonght. The sea-gulls ride on the swift flood-tide, Aud the king-Gsher lal^e with the lazy loon While along the rim of the ocean's brim The land bird sings to the praise of June ; The butterfly -hies out a-sea, oh, unwise Id this beautiful creature that hangs o'er the wave As it fli. s too far where dangers aie And minors itself in its ocean grave. Under the trees in refreshing ease ' We meet with our cloth on the cool grass -epteart, And our luncheon take —just for comfort's ? sake — While none but the p!easantest words are siid ; And ihe augh goes round, joy and glee abound, No thought oppresses of pain or care, for the hour is bright and our hearts are light And the varth, and the sky, and the sea axe fair. We're at home aealn, yet not all in vain Did we se-*k for pleasure beside the shore ; Though our stay was brief 'twas a sweet relief From the city's cries and the city's roar ; And where'er wc go, with tha steady flow p[ the city's restless liunian tide, We shall ever bear recollections fair Of the joys we culled at the ocean side. A stranger in Fall River lately asked n resident where he could find some of the leading ,men of the place, who re plied: 'They've mostly been sent to the State prison, sir.' At an evening party a lady was asked to sing, and sitting down at the piano, she warbled : ' I'll strike again my tuneful lyre,' at which her husband, was seen to ?dodge hastily behind the door, and rub his shoulder sympathetically. ' Talk of the unwillingness of our girls to do hard work!' exclaimed old Deacon Leibuiau. ' Why, nearly all the young ladies of our first families are now regularly * trained' .to sweep the streets V ' Ma,' said a little girl, ' if you'll let me buy some candy I'll be real good.' '.My child,' solemnly respouded the mother, ' you should not be good for pay you should be good for nothing.' 'Judge,' said a lawyer to ' his j honor' duriug a lull in a case on trial, 'what do you consider tbe best illus trated paper?' 'A. thousanl-dollar bank note,' growled tbe judge. 'An 1 your graoe,' eaid Lord Palmer s ton to the lovely Duohess of Suther land, 'your beauty bills time.' ' And lime always kills beauty at last,' sighed .tbo .duchess. How some people keep from freezing ing iu the winter — By keepiDg them selves ooustantly in hot water with their neighbors. ' I wouldn't be a olerk in an oil store,' said a young man to his friend. ' Wby not ?' ' Because it's a serv-ile position.' A young man having been turned out of door by his sweetheart's father, being asked if he didn't, intend to -resent the insult, said : ' No ; I did feel a little put out at the time, but I'm of a forgiving disposition. Besides, I married the girl the next day.' ' Dootob,' said an old lady, ' do you believe ih ghosts ? Df- you believe tbat the dead ever actually walk on tbis earth?' 'No doubt of it, madam,' answered tbe doctor; 'I've repeatadly beaij tiie Dead March in Saul.' 