f @l®i. Luke Mirers' Harvest. By N. WALTER SWAN. The 'Sydney Mail' Prize Talc. Chatter VII. — Cabhino a Cheque. Mindorf was bright and stirring. Not the fashionable part of Mindorf, the latter was toiling at ita breakfast, languidly cracking its eggs, yawning oyer its muffins and coffee, and wondering whether its life would be more bene ficially stirred up by a drive or a promenade. It was won dering who it should call upon, aad who would call upon it, in the prosecution of its daily conventionalities of paste board and gossip. The tradesmen looked to have got washed and combed and to have imbibed crispness from e] eop Bud chilblains from early hours. Bakers and butchers were dashing along as though custom in crusts and com merce in joints were the chief end of man. Graceful drapers in black coats were spreading shawls and unrolling ribbons in their windows with tender care. They were pawning over tickets designed to miorm tnc puouc as to stylo and price. The 'latest novelty' of yesterday was 4 4 unique' to-day. Tho ' Paget' of last week was ' Gee long tweed,' so they turned ' Cashmere' into ' Paisley,' 'lustres' into 'mohairs,' and effected many other won derful transformations, showing the while bold ink shillings printed with the above classical euphuisms, and weak lljd.'s in pencil as appetising incitements to bargain hunters. Trade was good at Mindorf. Other towns might send down commercial Assyrians to the insolvent's Jordan to be washed and made clean. Not so Mindorf. ' Commer cials' were here treated with off-handed independence, and subjected to a rigid catechism of figures. Mindorf 'lines' were honoured 'lines' when other 'lines' were shrugged at as primordial parents of nightmare. If its hotf Is were few they were select; and it may easily be imagined how rigidly the rougher fre quenters of tho bar, whose liquors were slashed into apex-botton.cd glasses, were divided from those who were honoured by broad-based crystal, a prudential command of the bottle, and a waiter in list slippers and a shoulder towel. I am sorry to say, however, that, even in church going Mindorf, gentlemen in one-patterned suits came out at hours when, we are told, ' the sun is over the yardarm,' with after-dinner flushes on their faces, and after-dinner rolls in the qnality of their pronunciation. But there was nothing whatever in Mindorf to oqunl tho rival druggists. They were gentlemen, sirs, born of parents who, but for the desire for travel of these druggists, would have given them positions with which would be accompanied entrees to all the aristocratic families of England, and other similarly high and ennobling privileges. These gentlemen were doctors not by virtue of tho imbecile system of exami nation and diploma, but from having graduated in that host of all schools— practice and prescriptions. They sold patent medicines with sneers, and undertook privately anything from measles to megrims. Mindorf, from its greengrocer to its wine and spirit merchant, was perfectly solvent, and if such were doubted look at the jeweller's collection, where were the latest Parisian sets, under prices which precluded the investment of barmaids, and conserved tho monopoly with proper and patrician equity to ' ladies' only. With all this, and far more than is now to be thought of, what wonder that Mindorf should he stirring and brisk every day of ita favoured life? What wonder, too, if the appearance of Mr. Bryan Fitzgerald, in his short monkey-jacket, dingy muffler, and patched trousers, should excite any other feeling than that of con tempt, and that elaborate superciliousness of contemplation with which Mindorf business-men regarded any but the order in which they lived and moved and hod their being. Fitzgerald walked through the main strcot with the carriage of a man who was lamentably unconscious of the facts and features narrated above. There was that spring and firmness in his tread one sees in a deer, his wide shoulders and erect bearing being by no means in keeping with his dress. So far as outward indices went he might have been a deserter from the Guards. Altogether he was uncommon looking, and attracted somo notice, not, perhaps, because of the features I have pointed out as much as from a fresh natural wildness and grace that especially belonged to him— he suggested freedom and a lifo amongst the hills beyond. Tho bank was situated in the busiest part of tho thorough fare. It had been opened by a fashionable clerk, with tight trousers, about an hour before, aud this official, bavins carved his finger-nails, and contemplated a handkerchief belonging to a partner whom he hod supported through a dnnrn the night before, was elaborating his toilet by feeling his tie as Fitzgerald entered. ' 16 the mannger in ? ' The clerk looked over -the railings with well-bred indifference, and felt his left moustache lightly with one finger. ' The manager's at breakfast,' saying by that, solemnly, that the Great Mogul was refreshing himself inside, and the outside world must wait. ' How long'r'' The clerk raised his eyebrows also, saying by that, solemnly, that an answer to such a question would interfere with the privacy of domestic life, and vulgarly measure the capacity of his senior's appetite. ' How long must I wait ?' The clerk perused his nails, and shook his head, and, as a delicate hint thn» the interview was terminated, commenced to write with a noisy quill. Fitzgerald walked to the office door, and saw standing there throe men in hush costume, one of whom bade him good day, whereupon the others turned, in a kind of rough salu tation, with their eyes resting upon him for a moment, and then angled themselves against the wall in a reclining position. Fitzgerald heard a door open and shut, and, turning, saw the manager engaged in removing a drop of egg that had congealed upon liis beard. ' Are you the manager, sir F' he asked, coming close to the counter. The manager looked at him, and resumed his efforts to eject the yolk. ' Yes,' he replied cautiously, as working out an intricate problem that was not to be dealt wi:H lightly. ' I believe I am.' 'Thi6is for you.' The high and cautious official took the envelops, and turned it rapidly to read the address. ' Just one moment, my friend, as he carelessly put the letter down, aud walked towards the door. ' I'll attend to your business in a moment.' The person who confessed to a belief in his manager ship looked vacantly up the street, and then down it. The three bushmen outside moved closer to the entrance as the gentleman returned to his position behind the counter. ' Oh, ah, of course, your letter.' He read it carefully, gave Fitzgerald a quick glance, and asked him how he would take it. ' The fewer notes the better.' Ten £20-notes were counted oilt and placed upon the counter. ' You should be careful with these large notes. Are you alone?' 'Yes, quite alone, but ab'c to take care of them.' The paper yras jerked over, and the recipient carefully lolled it up and placed it in his breast-pocket, to the disgust 'I jhe clerk, who regarded the treasure of corporation , 68 hong put to base uses, when it *niight have paid all his | gambling debts. Fitzgerald buttoned his rough coat across ? Ins chest, and walked leisurely down the street. When he j bad passed the houses the elasticity of his pace became more j marked, and when he struck off from the shades into the ! greenness, he covered the ground with the easy lightness J of an Indian . He walked on, catching a joyous feeling of i elasticity from the day. Every part of his splendid frame j was vibrating with health and vigour ; - be crunched j across the shale, and beside the waters he had passed ; he ! strode by crags and over their silent shadows ; he vaulted pTeatgirthsoi timber, and passed through their white spread ing arms, looking at the wild birds shooting past in sun and colour, while plucking, with the pleasure of a boy, those delicate wild flowers that seem so little and mean so much, till the narrow track was gained, showing but a deeper green, and a softer thread of velvet woven with the embroi dery of the hill-side, and stretching softly through the shades and the sun-lit pasture. Gentlemen and ladies, I am aware that in thus presenting to you the character of a burglar, and one whe, in the eyes of the law, is an outcast and a criminal, I render for the contemplation a character which may not be considered natural. Permit me to state that Fitzgerald has been a real actor amongst us, and h' held a high position, notwith standing his unfortunate mistake. I doubt not all this may seonveiy romantic in view of our grand civilization, but he has lived, such as 1 describe him, with his love of nature and in perfect sympathy with it, developed simultaneously, with circumstances that drove to the crime while conflict ing with the circumstances that won him back. Mes dames, consider him once a bush boy, with indefinable aspira tions and a wild chivalry — on Hchalf of what regard more holy — a chivaliy for his mother. She fainting into the grave through society's injustice ; he strong and fierce for an avengement. Fitzgerald's faculties were as perfect and keen as those of a savage. The accuracy of natural perception that full health gives was eminently his, and with an undefined in tuition not to be explained, he started more than once at dull noises that were of tike voices of the day, though alien to the reposing calm, yet knitted with the myriad sounds that mingled in the harmony of nature's hvrnn. They were like the distant throbs of a hurried pulse, beating in and follow ing back irregularly ; and when he paused, witb his eyes slowly travelling the width of tree growth, and crossing the darker ravines of shade, and the streaks and lines that ruled and patterned range and plain, the sounds came to bear the batter of horses' feet. When he saw passing flecks of brown or bay upon the green tnrf and between the crowding foliage, with the occasional pistol crack of a stockwhip, he leisurely resumed his walk towards the mia-mia by the rock and the screen of leaves that trembled before it. The sounds of the rapid feet of horses came nearer, as cirding in some herd, then the detonations of whipB died away, and the calm of the day flowed back. The feather leaves of the mimosa stirred in mysterious silenoe, as though caressed and motioned by in visible hands. In a fevf moments, the dark velvet thread, that stretched up towards the retreat would have been followed by the traveller, had not hiB quick sight discerned a glistening that was not from the shimmer of leaves, or the wet facets of rocks. It was not tho glitter of water, but a steady half dull shine, jarring with inartistic discord upon the shades and Mendings that were deepening as evening crept above. Fitzgerald stared, wonderingly, at the gleam of an empty saddle, and retreated with elastic lightness to where a heavy shadow lay. From this he looked out again, his now concentrated attention interpreting ca tellings of horses' breathings, the faint jang and dang of iron, and the accompaniment of an impatient hoof -blow on the turf. He stood for a moment, warned of danger, with his head raised like a stag without the movement of a muscle, or of breath, hearing the low cautions that were travelling towards him. The horsemen might have seen the hidden shelter of bark, and stopped for inquiry ; but, if they were in pursuit, there was no noise of conflict to betoken that Brown had been seized, or that an interception was meant. There were but the shiue off the saddle and tho sounds connected with. it. Fitzgerald watched and waited, but did not move for a time. He had just placed his hand on a trunk, to spring upon it for a better vantage, when a rustle and a voice together struck him. The first warned haste, and the latter ' stop ' — with the word a pistol barrel was thrust before him. Chapter VIII. — Fitzgerald Runs a Race. ' Stop !' cried one of the bushmen he hod seen at the bonk. 'You are our prisoner; now, boys, close in, and shoot him if he tries to dodge; that's our instructions: come, give in quietly. Old Mivers ain't easy fooled. Could a-stopped you on the cheque at Mindorf, but he wanted both the gents that paid him a visit last night ; them's the facts as at present known, and according to instructions received. 'Where's the other 'un, an it'll be better fur you to tell, ch mate?' The three men held cocked pistols, which a glance showed were capped. 'While the speaker was expressing himself, Fitzgerald looked away beyond them rapidly, and stood with a quiet watchfulness that meant readiness. The dis guised officer made a step forward ; a couple more would have placed him in a position to seize the burglar, while his companions were looking on at the progress of the arrest. The constable was a licaw- faced man, bearing the sturdy strength of a bull-dog in his broad figure, and Fitzgerald was near the edge of a shelf of rock, with a straight descent of a dozen feet; but before the speaker, intent upon the convincing nature of his exordium, had attempted another pace, a quick strong blow from Fitzgerald seemed to alight upon him with miraculous rapidity, and both disappeared together below the bank of crag upon which they had been standing. The man who had been up-et fired off his pistol in his descent, with a dazed idea that he was thereby dis charging hisduty, and his companions, catching an epidemic from tho sound, 'in some wild thought that they were serving the cause of justice, and making a valiant capture that would live in history, and considerably lessen the police reward fund, fired too. The bullets cut the leaves away from a couple of low-growing trees, and the men stood in open-mouthed astonishment at the fellow's audacity, when, at length, _ the ingenious and wholly original device of following in pursuit presented itself to their minds. This inspiration they followed by running to their horses. Their companion had fallen, gashing the sod with head and heels. The pistol was taken from his relaxed grasp by Fitzgerald, and before the reins were thrown on the horses' withers again, he was covering the earth, a couple of hundred yards away, with all the suppleness that his strength and endurance could sustain. The horses of Victorian troopers, however, are as unfitted for a bush chase as the red -coated soldiers of Burgoyne were for forest warfare with Red Indians. Notwithstanding chain reins, elaborate bridles, and imposing breast-plates, they propped down the steep at a pace a stockrider would have laughed at. The pursuers, feeling now the spirit of the chose upon them, would have given a month's pay for one of the active station horses that could traverse a stony siding, or dear a fallen trunk, with the surety of a kan garoo. Before tho regulation steeds were down to the level running, the figure of Fitzgerald was to be seen making for the more inaccessible cliffs of the range, and the riders stuck their spurs in cruelly, and bent forward eager for the capture. The horses spread out now, batter ing the turf with strength and fleetness, and eating up the distance behind the form of the fugitive, who was barely to he seen, striking slight contrasts of colour here and there amongst rocks and boughs. It was a trial of speed, whethpr he could be cut off from the gaps of frowniug boulders that meant safety for him and failure for those behind. _ Tho horses swept past the trees as well as their training ppimiltcd, and were hurried, by judicious riding, over rugged spans that tried them sorely. They were strong and willing, but rough stones and entangled tree-boughs i clucked llioir pace, and madly though they tried to ! ol-cy the shaking of the impatient reins, and the constant ! strainings of their riders, they were harassed ruthlessly i hv the wild country that opened before them with ! hurtled rocks and writhed arms of timber. When the rolling ; horses at la. t felt the smooth uproll of a valley that cut the j human quarry from a broad base of hills, guarded fast and j sure by defiles and rocks, the fugitive seemed but standing i to the sjjccd they made. And, though he ran now till his heart brat burstingly, and till he felt that all his blood ihrobbed with pulses, bo feared for the distance to beaacom plif-hcd. Yet Fitzgerald wan not at full speed, he was trying i to husband his strength for the effort before him, although ' there wcic etrar.po beatings in his brain, and his sight was hazing. Gradually he saw the monoliths bearing silently down as he ran towards them for refuge. The horses' feet rolled out their tattoo behind with such growing clearness that, had he taken time to look, he conld have seen their snortings steam-out in mist on the air now clear Bnd vapourless. Through it all he held the cool instinct that lives with men like him. He knew that a minute in the race, as it now was, meant salvation or defeat, and his hot face never turned. He trusted to his hearing to learn the distance tlirv were behind, and struggled irregularly on. 'With a sot almost as loud as that of the horses ne gained the last eminence, whence his path lav down among stones crowded like scattered barricades of rubble. Clearly the ron was to the horses, but for a big trunk that natt fallen accross the narrowing gulch. The runner turned his eves, shrouded in the dull mist that lay upon them, to the peaks. The look had the sad longing the wounded forest animal shows when it stammers on bearing its wounds wonderingly, and unwitting that the track behind is stained by the blood that gave it vigour. As the shrine to the pilgrim, as the shadow of the dead Christ to the dying, was, to this young athlete of the hills, a straight-growing gum that swayed upward like a pinnacle. He was at its base, nis breathing deadening to him the sounds of the coming horses, and it was with an effort impossible to any less fine physique that he held back the bursting countings of his blood, and slowly clambered up the tapering trunk, as smooth as a ship's mast, and unyielding as iron. His brain was swelling when the first arm of the tree came to his reach, and he had caught it with a shivering breath as the horses came up in a tottering gallop. A pistol ball whistled past him, but he scarcely heard it; he gained another branch, and yet another, before a second report struck out on the hills, and filled the silence with echoes. Just above him was the bough that brushed the table of the sheer rock, and he found a place on it at last. There was not a word spoken below, and no sound but from the horses. The men were trying to get an aim amongst the foliage, and another report came from one of the revolvers that seemed to sting him. With all the strength that remained, with the whole of his resolution in one spring, and not without a childish prayer, half uttered, he sprang 13 feet of space from his slippery footing, and reached the shelf of stone. He swayed on tho brink a moment, and would have fallen back hut that he caught a rough tussock of flag, and pulled himself beyond the parapet, amongst fragrant mosses and pitying shrubs, which closed their welcoming leaves behind 'him. He sank slowly there, and darkness came suddenly down, as though the skies had passed away like a scroll. When the tired horses walked slowly home, Fitz gerald wa6 lying as motionless as though the revolver bullet had found a place in his heart. Brown's shelter was not seen by the troopers, when the man who was so still on the rocky table had turned to pursue the faint thread towards the refuge. They dosed round as though reining in upon a mob of cattle, and they waited at the path, before the sheets of hark. The pistol crack struck Brown as it had been freighted with a bullet, and he was out while the sound was yet ringing, coiling among undergrowth but showing his passage only by the swaying of leaves and the startled screech of green-winged birds. He reached the position he sought as the troopers had un fastened their horses and galloped down the hill after the receding figure. The spectator watched the chase critically for a while, and then hurriedly sought a second elevation, where all the panorama of country lay spread out. If a man ten paces away had been shown whence Brown was peering, he would have noticed nothing, and yet between delicate ferns the eyes of the watcher saw everything, while his breathings shook the leaves before him vrith a force that did not belong to the evening air. The man strained and quivered to the efforts of the runner ; beads of sweat dotted his forehead Jike dew, and his battered face took a resolute fixedness, as hard as the granite upon which he lay, while looking from off his spread palms as he had looked that morning at the falling fire. He saw it all from start to finish. When the sun was low, throwing its desert yellow on the tree up which his mate was climbing, he shook to the pistol sound again as though the ball had found him. 'Well done, boy,' he crushed out between his teeth, ' the 'count's openin', debter an' credit — ah, wot I'll rule with red. D'ye hoar, Mivers? Rule with red ! ' The man's heart bad caught a dogged love for the young fugitive such as he did not himself realize. He doubled his ponderous twisted fist, and held it beyond the blossoms and the leaves with a slow malediction, that was echoed back in a broken dreaiy way by the opposing rocks. When the last shot spat fire in the shadows of the narrow rift, he sprang to his feet, and trembled with the hot greed that came to him for some revenge, and he was plunging on in the sunset as the worn horses stumbled slowly home. In the calm that had fallen there was the quiet of a death chamber sunk down to perfect stillness round the red trunks and the purple hills. He blundered on, doubly alone in the crimson light, as he had been a trespasser on the sacredness of a temple, and he grew big and threatening against the flood of light, like an invading Apollyon. His heavy brows met with sinister meaning, and His gapped face quivered as he neared the top of the tree, caressingly brushing the dyke of stone behind which the runner lay with closed eyes. He walked straight to Fitzgerald, and knelt above him, as pushed down by an unseen hand. Wolf Brown was known to many. In the ranks of convictism he had few friends ; hishardnature was the same, whether his struggle was against the hand of the criminal or the grip of the law. Neither strength nor danger had broken him ; all had lashed and beaten at him, and he had returned blow for blow. The spirit of the man might snap, but it could not quail. He knew the scourge and the crush of gaol . He knew and had fought against the reckless injustice of his own kind, snatching an eye for an eye. When he knelt down this evening in the last of the sunlight, and sobbed sobs, they did not alter his fierce face. He would have lost his reputation had he been then 6een. Brown passed his hand round Fitzgerald with a haste and force that would have shaken him from out any ordinary slumber, and when he drew it from beneath his body, and held it up red, he felt hurriedly for the bare breast, and put his other hand there : that which was stained being still up raised, with a kind of priestly gesture. It was, doubtless, a wild formula of prison life he was uttering, but as sacred to him as a Masonic vow. A movement below ; the pressure of the hard, kind, guilty hand cut the sentence; and the burglar, the convict, the lashed and savage criminal, Wolf Brown, screwed up his face into a caricature of grief, and wept. Chapter IX. — Mr. Luke Mivers, Junior, Tries Diamonds. On the evening of the day when young Mivers promised the endorsed bill, he galloped up to Shorter's bar door, and, after a determined 'fashion of his, pulled his horse so abruptly that he reared and struck out with his shapely legs. The rider dismounted, and entered hurriedly in beyond the bent counter ; and past the dark shelving, there were bright lights, and a room cheerful and warm. Beyond the partly open door was to be seen the graceful fall of a skirt, adding a furbishing to the brightness, and suggestive of an expected visit. Shorter hobbled to and fro in the gloom, monotonously passing one hand over the back of the other, with that tire less patience that is a heritage of age. His hair and face, and the noiseless movements of his hands, were all that was defined in the darkness. When the young man stood before him he spoke in his usual humble maimer, taking care to remind his visitor, by every intonation of his voice, of the distance which separated their respective positions, and without in any way alluding to tiie conversation of the morning. 'You seem to have travelled hard, Mr. Mivers; that splendid beast of yours shows signs of distress. There is a shed behind to wHich I can take him, where he will not be chilled ; that is to say, sir, if you think of remaining for any length of time.' ' Think of remaining ? Light a candle till we finish that business. The horse can stand very well where he is ; it's i not the first time he ha6 waited here.' ' Belter go inside to the light, sir, and I will join you presently ; my daughter will know nothing of our busi ness.' The, old man seemed suddenly to become as impatient as Mivers. allowing himself to fall, without curb, into haste to conclude the negotiation. ' You know the way, sir.' Shorter pointed to the door, and closed it when 'his guest had entered. There was plenty of light and cheerfulness. The lady with the large calf smiled witth more meaning from her frame, and made as she would lift her skirts higher. There was life in the room bestowed by the presence of the host's daughter, and, of course, Mivers thought she lent to the place all or its fascination, while the metallic folds of her brown hair' moved in soft brightness here and there before urn shadow and shine that fell upon it. Miss Shorter looked up with an eloquent greeting, as she gave one of those bewildering smiles of welcome he knew so well. ' Sit down, Mr. Mivers, I scarcely expected you; to-night. You make quite a pleasant feature in this old bright room-; take your chair.' She gave him her strong fair hand, softened and rounded by that singular charm which lives with some so long, and keeps life young and waim through so roanv years. ' I've been promising myself this visit all the day, Miss Shorter.' ' And you have been thinking of me ?' She raised the lashes from her eyes slowly, and let them fall, giving her face that air of sadness that so well became her beauty. The chair in which she sat was plain, but she lent to it au air of soft luxurious rest, and, to Mivers' thinking, a charm that made it sacred. ' If I could but believe yon were thinking of me in my absence, 1 Ehould take heart of grace ; that is the surest test. Don't you think it is? I judge by myselfg you know ; I never think of anyone else. Your face is the only one that never quits me.' 'Is that a test?' She looked sunnily and airily, changed her position, showing some fresh grace, and catch ing his eye for an instant with hers that were so far beyond his sounding. His look had the sincerity of anxiety ; her® had behind it the possible indifference that was goading him to recklessness They spoke softly as the old man came in, still patiently stroking his hand, and wearing the marked smite stereo typed by memories that had trailed across his scores of years. ' I have just a word to say to your father, Mar — Miss Shorter, and then the business part of my call will be °VThe speaker turned, and his face fell from the pleasure it wore into some unpleasant thought that pushed itself before him like a ghost. Mivers put his hand into his breast pocket, and took ont an envelope shiftily. He looked at Shorter's long nails combatting the puzzle of his heard, but not at his eyes, that were gleaming with a new expression, showing an unyielding hardness below the rheum that covered them like tears. His hand shook more than usual as he took the paper. It crackled and curled upon his wrist more than once before spreading it out, and looking at the signatures ; he did this slowly, while trembling with more than the grip of age, and, folding it up, his hand closed on the slip with the sudden clenching of a talon. Then Mr. Shorter turned away, and let his smile deepen and the veil leave his face. ' Will that do, Shorter ?' ' Do ?' like a man who had taken drink — ' do, Mr. Mivers ? Sir, you are what I always took you to be, a real honourable gentleman. It gives me pleasure to serve you, and to meet your wishes. It is a privilege to mix with gentlemen, and it is a pleasure to please them. ' Do ?' Of course i( will — do well.' When Shorter left, one of the few flashes of thought that came to Mr. Luke Mivers seemed to strike him inwardly, with a desolate sense that had no real meaning, though it slowly moved across a possible field with lurid lights before dying out. ' Look, Margaret, I had this purchased a month ago, but determined it should only precede the request I have to make. What do you think of it?' He took out a dainty case, showing glitters of blue and red fire lying on the silken cushions. These shot out little spears of flaming colour from dead yellow gold, cunningly flowered and twisted to conceal the metal fangs holding the jewels. ' Let me fasten this on your breast, and these in your ears ; that is my privilege.' He did so with trembling fingers, she saying never a word. ' I declare,' he said, intoxicated with the simple touch and sense and sight, ' you arc beautiful.' She turned to the small mirror above the fireplace, and saw the gleaming things lighting her face like stars, and her eyes blazed out with an untamed pride, giving her, for an instant, the look of a barbaric queen. The young Faust, unknowing how near Mephistopheles was, as the gauds shook and shot out their coloured fires, worshipped her then, if eyes and soul ever worship the radiant ; yet thus, -to him, more securely entrenched beyond him, and more impregnable. ' You will give me the answer to-night, Margaret. The answer I have waited for so long. The answer I have sought to learn, you know how earnestly. You know I will be rich, and who so fitted for the enjoyment of wealth, as you ? Such things, wreathed in your hair and on your arms, would make you matchless. Come, Margaret, but one word, let us settle it all now.' His eyes had lost their weariness, but wistfulness was ill them, and the excited flush upon his face spoke the fever. ' But the one yord, say it at last, and fill this night with happiness.' .Mr. Mivers had never been an eloquent speaker, but the words found utterance rapidly, and they came from him conveying a contagion that could not but move the girl. She turned up her face bearing ita brilliance, and for all the pride that seemed to dwell with her, there was a trouble in the mysterious eyes he had not seen before. Whatever the answer might have been, it was not spoken. Her lips parted, and the first sound of her voice reached him when she glanced at the mirror again. Tho yielding and the trouble died out like passing lights. Just the shadow of a contraction on her wide low brow ; just the shadow of a quiver on her lips; ju6ta thought that ruffled her like a gust, and she sank back into her unmoved self. ' An answer such as you ask for, Mr. Mivers, requires thought. I dare not reply to you yet.' Her voice was so caressing, her hand was placed tenderly upon his, and the look that had shrivelled hiR strength was so full upon him, that he bore it well, thinking assent was certain. *' I'll never press you beyond your wish in this or any other thing. Wait arid think, if you choose. I can only offer you myself and all I have ; they are yours always. They are yours beyond my power to keep.' She smiled graciously over at the feeliug that was. moving him to pathos. Mr. Shorter came softly in, stroking his hands, and smiled at the couple with fatherly benignity. ' 'Pon my word, Mr. Mivers, it may seem presumptuous in me to say so, but I never saw you young people look so well ; Maggie there seems quite brilliant. What ? Orna ments, my girl, and diamonds?' His old eyes looked to be reflecting their blazings. ' Indeed, Mr. Mivers, you are too good, too generous, to poor people like us ; they are not suited to our station — that's where it is.' ' My station shall be her station, Mr. Shorter, and people of my station wear diamonds ; and now, sir, you know as well as I do that I am of age ' — he went on with impulsive haste — ' and 1 ask of you, sir, your consent to your daugh ter's marriage with me.' 'What?' shot in the old voice, with a shrill note of astonishment, ' vou don't mean to say — ' ' Father, Mr. Mivers did me the Honour to ask me to be his wife to-night, and I begged for time to consider the offer.' Mr. Shorter bent liis face quickly, but did not hide the flush on his forehead and amongst the straggling hairs on his temple ; neither did he hide the tight clench with which his hands were closed. 'Ah, ' he muttered slowly, with a curious movement of his mouth that had no connection with what he was saying, or with what his knit brows were saying, or with his double fingers. ' Yes, child, it is an important question, and one, Mr. Mivers, that has flattered me beyond what I can express ; my daughter, sir, is her own mistress, I never interfere with her in anything.' He straightened his hand and held it towards her, with a cold straight look such as she might read. ' She is her own mistress, and she knows what- is best ; but whatever she does, Mr. Mivers, we feel the honour, and we feci, beyond all things, flattered by the offered connection.' He left the room, bowing himself out. Mivers walked to where Margaret Shorter sat and knelt gently at her feet. ' It rests with you, Margaret; you will tell me yes.' _ Out of some thought that seemed to harden her — with the outward seeming of favour not in her eyes, but mingling with her smiles and grace, she told him he had promised not to press her. Again he thought, somehow, that the glitter round her face was a new barrier, and the trembling fire spears that lit it a chevcaux de frise against him. By the present he bad given her he had poshed her, somehow, away ficm lrim, beyond, below, or above him — but away. 