JOHNNY GEDDES; OB, THE ADVENTURES OF A SCOTTISH PACKMAN. RELATED BY HIMSELF. Chapter XXV.—I Escape pbab- thb Atjetj' Pinnacle, and hie the Died Nip to the twa Cheat-thexwiddies. [t -was fell strange and eerisome, I can tell ye, to be on ane's back or side on sic an elevated point, feared to sleep or budge an incb, and yap enough to have eaten chuckie stanesand thoucht them baith sweetand - saft. It was true that the bonnie clear starnies—the same that the great men of a' ageshaelookit up and all but worshipped —were glistering doon in my face, and the . clear mune, wi' its calm and passionless face, undisturbed by my wild cries and prayers, was sailing majestically across the . | dark lift; and what were these lights to ' me? I was hungry, cauld, robbit, and : doomed, as it seemed, to a fearful death. I ! was, indeed, pasta'consolation from earthly,, scenery. Yet these surroundings were not without their influence upon me. Gazing. tearfully up at the mime, and calling to mind 1 the numberless wrangs, and woes, and griefs j thatithad lookit doonupon since the warld" . i began, my thoughts were insensibly drawn fraemysel'—I got calmer, and a soothing ' feeling of trust in my Maker, who had hitherto been as a father to me, and who keeps a' thing sailing straught and majestic through the universe, let puny maun dae what the will, creepit ! like a heavenly balm oot owre my mind. I could even look un disturbit owre the hedge of my prison doon on the greedy surf lapping the rocks as hungry to get at me, and oot owre the calmer sea beyond, flashing green on the munelicht, feeling nae. bitterness when no a vestage of a creeping sail rewarded my scrutiny. I could also, gin the hinder end, hae sleepit, but for the dreadful pangs of hunger. Of a' the griefs or afflictions in this warld, fend me frae that of an empty wame. Other troubles may be tholed, or, of themsel's put ye past feeling, but this one will not be repressed. Philosophy and religion are alike powerless at some ex tremities to assuage or support its fearful cravings. "• Nae wonder, then, that under its influence I was soon to be goaded to exer tions after liberty, which afore I would not J have daured to put forth. At last the first creek o' day begoud to pale the sky towards the east. A deevilof a craw or a whaup cam' flaffering into, my face just as I was dozing owre into sleeps and, thinking it was a ghaist or a spirit I started up and roused mysel'to survey mair anxiously my terrible surroundings. The mune was now white and shilpit-loOking-— like an auld man shrinking afore the young and rising generation ; and the starnies, \ following his example, were now melting and papping ooten sicht ane by ane. Look ing towards the ea3t, I now saw that great yellow forks of light were beginning to stream athwart the grey lift, tingingthe snawy clouds doon at the horizon, deepen ing the ruddier crimson, catching the sea itsel' at last, and causing it to glow and. flash like ten thousand smiddy forges put together. Farrer and farrer owre the sea gaed the glorious and gazing streams of light —chasing the shadows afore them, like evil spirits afore the angels of heaven, till all1 the placid bosom of the ocean was ae mighty, gently-heaving mass of molten gold, such as I, Johnny Geddes, could not look upon athoot winking and blinking like a hoolet or a bat. At the same time; ~ every dark crevice on the rocky shore around me became lighted up and revealed; the birds begoud to scream and chatter and ' flaffer awa' doon to the sea, over whose cauld bosom they swept in search of their ~ early chack of meat; and looking doon from my resting place, I saw the tide, which had washed the cliff in the night, far back—showing a dark belt of rough rock owre which I could see mony a free and Joyous partan scampering and running. " Oh, that my limbs were only as free as thine, O partan !" cried I, looking doon with an envious and hungry e'e. "And oh,: that I was doon aside ye! I wad eat ye up raw." The thoughts at last goaded me on to a pitch of madness in which I hardly kent what I was aboofc, and then I struggled and pu'd, and rowed, and tuggit, at the risk of tumbling owre and drapping tapsalteerie doon on'the ground, till with an awftf wrench I got my arms-free o' the cruel bonds. - This accomplished, to free my legs and feet was ah easy task, and then care fully putting the rape of cloth on ae' ride, I took a look downwards. To driep sic a height I' cud see at a glance was impossible ; t wad gi'en a cat Her death though she had ba'en a tboosand lives. My e'en cam' wearily back again, and then they lighted' on the queerrop'e that the scoundrels.had ! drappit doon after me. Still Ididna exactly' Jump at the thought of using1 it. To be forcibly lowered wi' a thing is ae thing, and to " willingly trust your life to its frail tenure is another. While I hunkered there, swithering whether to use it or no, my e'e wandered to the sea, and there I beheld— ohi, glorious sicht!—a fishing boat gliding Smoothly across the bright waters, manned with its full complement of fishers. As sure's death, my heart gied sic a stoun' that ye could hae knockit me owre. on the beach below, wi' a strae I This only lasted % minute, and then I was shouting and yelling blue murder to them to stop and hae me. rescued. The fishers heard me, and looked anxiously and eagerly a' owre the sea doon the coast and up the coast; hut the doited fules never ance lookit up at my queer nest on the oliff. I. screamed and yelled till I was hoarser than a roopit craw; but on glided the boat wi' the fishers laugh ing and joking amang ilk ither at what they dootless considered a false alarm, or merely the deceptive cry of some whaup or craw. My feelings as the boat melted away on the sunlit sea I will not describe, for the simple reason that I canna. A' I ken is that I was now rendered desperate and reckless of all danger, that I faund mysel' busy fastening the queer rape to the trunk of the sturdy boor tree which grew out of the cliff close to my side; and the nest minute, after a silent prayer to heaven, I was dangling in the air — scrambling, slotting, scarting, and dunting doonwards owre the rough cliff towards a sloping shelf farrer doon, which I had nae suner reached than I had to let go the end o' the rope and went sliddering doon on my hunkers at a bonny rate I can tell ye; and then, wi' an awful duhsh on the hurdies, I felt mysel' Stop, and found that the descent had been accomplished, and, though considerably Scartit, dunted, and shooken, I was free! My first feeling was frantic joy, and de spite my sair hurdies, my skinned hands wir the sudden friction of the rough rape, and my ain penniless condition, I shouted my' thanksgiving abroad to the winds, with baith airms raised in ecstacy towards heaven, and my een filling with joyful tears. Then 1 danced and loupit and f unkit like a' that—so exuberant, indeed, was my joy that I never ance thought of hunting for ane of the partans I had before lookit doon at sea hungrily, but at ance started WeBt alang the rocky beach, in hopes of finding some opening in the cliff by which I might ance mair reach the road I had been forced to leave. This I did successfully accomplish, though not without a sair fecht and a fang, lang tramp owre rough stanes andfar past my destination, which of course was naething but the inn I had expectit to put up at the sight afore. At length, by cutting awa frae the shore, owre desolate tracks of sterile ground, covered wi' whins and varied wi' deep slopes and rocky hauchs, I came in sight o' the pickle hoses, in the midst o' which the wee bit inn reared its modest and ken speckle front to welcome the weary traveller.: A bonny, disjaskit-like figure I maun hae presentit—wi': my bare heid, white face, and tprn claes—to say naething o'sundry scarts and clours on my usually soncy phisog—but at the door of the inn there was nane to see me but a wheen hens, pick ing awa' at their breakfast, aud painfully minding me that I was ready for mine. Inside, the warm scent of fried ham aud eggs, wi' toastit scones and steaming coffee borne hurriedly ben by a servant lassie towards the tap room, set my mouth a-watering on the instant; but, afore I Could follow her or mak' a snatch at ony o' the meat, the maister himsel' cam' oot frae the bar at the sound o' my step, and nae suner saw me than he stottit back against the wa' as if he had seen a wraith. "Gude save us a'! is that ye, Johnny Geddes, or is it yer ghaisfc?" he cried, turn ing as white as a cloot in the face. " Od, sakes, man, ye needna' hae come to haunt me, I ne'er did ye an ill turn." " No. that ye didna," I heartily returned, " and I m no come to haunt ye, but to seek your assistance in a waefu' plight. I've been robbit, man—and my life has been -attempit—and a lock mair awfu' calamities has o'erta'en me that I hae'na breath to relate. But first tell me, did twa sailor like chaps—the taen wi' a treeleg, and the tither wi' hut ae arm—stop here last nicht?" " 'Deed did they," quoth he, starting at the description, " and what's mair, they're here noo—ben in the taproom, wi' a break fast, afore them fit for a king. But ye surely haena aught again them, for they've paid for everything forehanded, like princes." , w. -. ■ fv " Ay, wi'lmy gude siller, and what they may hae nippifc aff other puir folk," I bitterly rejoined. " Lead me to their presence, and ye'll very sune see whether I hae aught against them," and withoot waiting for a reply, I impulsively left the bar and glided ben to the taproom. In the lobby there happened to he a wee pane o' flass which lookit into the room, and at this stoppit to glowre in, in just fury and in dignation on my twa disposers. They were seated as crouso and happy as ye like afore the steaming breakfast I had seen carried in—as thick as doug's heids thegither owre the spoil and siller they had ta'en frae me and ither folk, which they were busy divid ing and tying up in their handkerchiefs for the greater care in carrying—cracking awa like pea-guns aboot their ain cleverness and my misfortune. sr" The fool will be half dead by this time,'' said Onearm, proceeding to pour out a luscious cup of coffee for himsel' and another for his chum. " Hunger and fear will soon settle him." " I hope so," grimly and savagely re sponded Treeleg. " I hope he tumbled off and became food for the fishes. If he did there wouldn't be much of him left to accept our invitation and come here a9 a ghost—ha, ha, ha I that was a good thrust, wasn't it ?" Maister Onearm didna seem sae muckle at ease as to be able to laugh owre it—he skailt a lock coffee owre the cloth and on his ain hand—and then eail rather gloomily— "Well, they couldn't say we killed him; if he fell over it was his own fault—let's speak of something else." "Bah, what are you always in the shakers about P" harshly continued Treeleg. "We've got his money, haven't we, and I gpt my revenge, and we're eating a com /ortable breakfast after sleeping in a soft bed, while he is shivering and starving on the cliff—ha, ha, ha! that's something worth laughing about. " So it is, ha, ha, ha!" laughed the other, and he lifted the big plate of ham and eggs to help his companion, but just as he did "sae his e^ fitted on the pane o' glass, dis closing nay white and wrathful face. The plate fell smash among the dishes on the table, couping the sugar basin and "scalding Treeleg's hand and face wi' coffee maist un mercifully ; and, then, wi' his een starting ooten their sockets, he gaed slowly hack wards, carrying chair and a' thing wi' him, and fiappit doon on his hurdies, the maist abject and pitiable spectacle of terror that a man could gaze upon. Tree leg's temper, however, being nane o' the best, and his hack being turned to wards me he couldna he expectit to either understand or appreciate the sudden move ment ; and, without taking time to think or enquire, he uttered a roar like a bull from the pain of the scalding coffee, snatched up a jug of hot water frae the table and hanged it bodily, water and a', and with unerring aim, at Onearm's heid,' on whose hard cone it splattered into a hundred bits, causing the scalding water to play wheeshle doon aboot his lugs, and making him yell like a stickit sou. "Blast you, what did you let the plate drop for r" yelled Treeleg, hlawing wi' all his might at his scalded arm and hand; hut, as might he expeckit, his chum wasna in a fit state to reply. Still, terrible as was his agony, fear was yet uppermost, for in spite o' the pain he keepit yerking his thoomb towards the pane o' glass till the other turned and lookit, and saw naething, I having left the spot with the intention of entering the room by the door. " What the d—1 do you mean P" I heard Treeleg thunder oot as I disappeared, and then faintly came the reply—■ " The ghost 1 the ghost of the murdered pedlar! I swear I saw it there this minute." "Fool! You're always croaking about something of the kind," growled the other, drawing in his chair, and sitting down to breakfast. " Open the window and throw out these broken dishes, or we'll have to pay for them—quick now; and wipe your wet hair and sit down comfortably, and let's hear no more silly stuff about ghosts. Good God?" He uttered the last ex clamation as I banged the door open and faced him. Then his jaws drappit apart, and let oot the moothf u' o' food he had been about to swallow, and then uttering a long stuttering roar of terror he went crashing backwards. I raised my hand and was about to speak, when, with a scream, he sprang at the open window—through which his chum had already vanished, dashed through, and dis appeared at a speed that I never saw equalled afore or since. Fain wad I had followed, but the deli cious scent o' the breakfast was owremuckle for me. I stoppit—I sniffed—I sat doon. Then the astonished landlord cam pappm' in, and owre the neglected breakfast which I was rapidly putting ooten sight I related the adventures of the night. These could not but deeply interest him, and as soon as I had concluded—that is, finished my story and the breakfast for twa—we turned our attention to the bundles left by the rogues on the hasty flight. Here a surprise awaited me, for not only did I find all my ain siller, but a lock mair forbye, which the landlord insisted on me taking as just compensation for the loss and damage I had received at their hands. This ended my second pliskie wi' the genteel beggar; but I was to meet him ance mair, and the relation of that maist awesome and terrific affair I maun keep to anither chapter. (To be continued.) 