ROCKHAMPTON. June 10. AT the meeting of the committee of the Port Curtis Hospital, on Thursday last, Dr. R. H. Paterson was appointed to the position of Burgeon and secretary. In Dr. Paterson the committee have aecured the services of a gentleman of very high attainments and qualifications. The funds of the Benevolent Society are ex hausted. At the last meeting it was found there was only £14 fa. 2d. to pay accounts for the previous month of nearly £50. This is a state of things the lady president, Mrs. R. M. Hunter, said had occurred only once before, and it caused amongst the ladies considerable trepidation, for, unlike a large cumber of the sterner sex, they abhor being in debt They were equal for the emergency, however, providing for it by a financial feat similar to that proposed to meet the deficit in the revenue by Mr. M'llwraitb with regard to the railway reserves fund. The society, it ap pears, has a separate fund in the Savings Bank —something like the sacred reserve of Pericles ; and it was determined to borrow £50 of this money to tide over the difficulty. This has been done, but the expedient is only temporary, and an appeal must soon be made to the public. The sooial difficulty just referred to is not likely to be lessened by the arrival just now of about 300 immigrant*. The barque Scottish Lassie now lies in the Bay with thia addition to the population, and something special will pro bably have to be done to provide them with work. The council still employ between thirty and forty immigrants from the sbipa which derived three mouths ago, ami, although they huve dove ievfrnl vory uo-.-ful work* to the town, the exit* expenditure ha* Htrainod the umuioipul tiuauct* to a utiu«i«l«rMble I'xtvnt, auU it v quuitiouable whether the Corporation will cure tv iucr«a*t< it* liatiiliiif*. The district in*|>«cti>r's r»i«*u i>l the lUxk> hainptou *ohooU (or tv« peat jear, publiaheU this week in the local pe|*r», show that the work «>( eduuation is in good hand*, The attondauotf ie alto very satialaotory, uu eiuuinatioa vi tht figures showing that almost 86 per cent of the children enrolled were present on the inspector's visit The service sustained a great loss a few months ago by the death of Mrs. Abraham, a lady who was highly esteemed for her extraordi nary success as a teacher. Miss Fielding, a late teacher in the Brisbane Normal School, has suc ceeded the late Mrs. Abraham. I notice that Mr. Joseph Holliday, who has successfully con ducted a school in the Logan district, has been appointed to the suburban school at Port Curtis road. The forthcoming races are becoming the town talk in the absence of anything more exciting. A few horses ar» already in town, and from the preparations which are being made I anticipate the meeting will be a success. Mr. Thomas has asked permission to use the totaliser at the race* course, but I am not informed whether it has been granted. There is a cordial and sweet feeling of unani mity existing, and likely to exist for a few days, amongst the gentlemen now catering for our amusement Miss Clara Stephenson's theatrical company have been in town for the past three weeks, and notwithstanding the dull times did a very fair business for the first fortnight. Just ' then, however, Carlton's Ghost made itw appear ance, and the apparition was so startling that for the last week crowded audiences assembled nightly to see it at the School of Arts, and the theatre, except on one or two nights, was almost deserted. Having such an effective demonstration of the value of a ghoßt, the theatrical manage* 'ttMQt have been industriously searching for one, and to-day Mr. Wills announces that he willnhow this evening the ghosts of all the performers in the drama of the " Octoroon." How Mr. Carlton feels may be imagined ; but both gentlemen are now faced by another perplexity, for Burton's circus is to make a call on its way to Mackay, and opens here on Thursday night Verily, all con ditions of men hare their troubles. 