; '" " frs&r;&sSBr;&Wk; CTl r 1 ?+/ » /.. rjfM. ' Br SSK THE [?] -' Itr«»iiM|S(|&ettoinke;,bnt when foolish fhfii»jiiLtg tfftfaieBgft'/uBM&er; of us Was tamed — »<tey.>i»io , 1 Et-arere. in fact, nothingmore tthnMSfflpftTOfloys, however nmcn. we wight cnooBe to lancy oonoives nam aficfche TOorid. My career m life was already, decided npon._ I hadelected jto become 'ftrfcaat and iani my bread by lnekns ttfmy brnfib snB-jmlette: I attend, the Life School assiduously a and had already Shibitea artv&ot; fie minor galleries.' .1 had a couple of rooms on a third floor in Bloomsbniy, and my particular chum, Osric Imrayt hid the two immediately below mine. It was not in a1 'part of the town that his'own would 'have led him to lireim jHe had ' simply pitched hi« hki .fh that particular spot in order 1H& Hev7iiqgiit "be ; near me, although 1 was nothing but poor painter, while he was the son of a rich .banker, and, in all probability, would one day be a rich banker himself. Bat that was a point on which Osric as yet could not make up his mind, fie hated the n»me of banker, and at present wss coquetting with the law, as he had already jcoqnettea with literature and the arte generally, only to discover, after a greater or lesser loss -of time and labour, that he had no real vocation for any of them. His father, wise in his generation, did no more than urge him; gently, as one might coax an obstinate but high-spirited horse towards the 'path lie would have him follow. Mr. Imr y, senior,' probably judged that when Osric should have bad » ilia fling." and, after having tried hall- a -dozen things, have thrown each of them Up in turn, he would settle quietly down into: the groove arranged for him by parental fore- eight. And-the result proved the actoraicy. ot his calculations- . Meanwhile Osric had plenty of pocket money and very little to do, bis legal studies being hardly more than a pleasant fidtiim, iat which he was as ready tojaaghns heartily |as \- An.nvttninmi vnv. nesrlv JUWftVB. BUJ UU«> V"a a W - spent either is bis rooms or mine, and many were the wordy arguments, permeated through and through with tobacco smoke, in which we indulged on such occasions. On one particular winter evening, after befogging ourselves for a couple of hours with some ot the super-subtleties of German metaphysics, onr talk wandered away into another channel, and fell upon ghosts, apparitions, cases oi second sight, and such like gruesome matters, till at length we so worked ourselves up that a louder rattle of wind in the chimney than ordinary made both of us start in our seats and stare at each other with frightened eyes. . It was on this evening that the compact which I have already designated as a foolish one. was made between Osric toa- myself. We agreed that whichever of -us .died .first; should (if it were so permitted by the Unseen Power that roles the destinies , of men), appear to the survivor end warn him of the event that had taken place. We veres y much in earnest in the matter, and asnfvoof of OM determination to carry out , tfie agree-; mint — if permitted to do so — we then afld, there made an exchange of rings. I til ink' we were both a little bit ashamed of our folly next morning, and the topic was hardly ever alluded to again between us. But ; wheh, some four months .later, Osric and -I afiook, hands and said good-bye, knowing well thjat we should not see each other for a long time' to come, his last words to me were, "Yin havenot forgotten our compact?" and mine an assurance that there was no likelihood of- any doing so. Osric was called to Scotland, by the failing health of his father, and a week j afterwards I started for Italy, and, did nbt, again set foot in Engftndfor aoouple jof years. Ten years came end went, during which Ii only saw Osric some dozen times in all, and that was when he came to London on busi ness. Be had long ago settled down into | a steady, plodding banker, and was all that his father could desire him to be. Sometimes' when he came south I was in Cumberland or Wales, and at other times be had not even an hour to spare, so that our meetings were necessarily inlreqnent. But with the grip of each other's hand the old spirit of good, fellowship cam., back on the instant— we - were nineteen again, with the world all' before ue, and for the time being 'the years' that had parted ns seemed to have no more October was here -October in Takelarid, bringing with it a change of weather that sent such brethren of the brush as, like late ' bwbIIowb, still lingered, flying southward as fast as steam oould lend them wings. — , too, was one of the fugitives, but I took my flight by.easy stages, stopping for a night where-; everwhkn or fancy dictated, and then for-, ward again next morning. On a certain, drill afternoon I found myself at a quaint did hostelry on the hanks of the Dove. I was -cbhtiptd with the appearance of the place, "and decided to take np my quarters in it for the night. . Supper, and, then to bed, at tbe't early hour of ten, pleasafitiytired, but not eo much as -tO 'Cause'me to omit my favourite habit of reading myself toaleep. 1 put the repdle on a little toble clqse. to theflead of my bed, but .weU ont.of ihe way of the cur- Imn. - After half-en hour with my wdl- loved £3ia I drbppea'qitiedyibff/'JeaViiig the candle —a long one— BtiUflurningra -practice I generally adopt when keeping in stowage places; After aUgftg -'<£ florae I awoke suddenly Jmdcomplddy.flhayyvid sense upon me of not bring glpne in therooxru- I opened my eyes and stared roqfld, - but without lifting my "head from the flunw.. Sometimes on waking up in a strange Tnom it has token a moment nr. two to; recollect where I was, but in this case 1 recognised the room audita furniture inaninstsntoThe candle had burnt low and was bcgiunblg to gutter. Aquartar ofan hourmore and I ahonld have been left in the darkneM.'' All was sileiit, wflh a dealh-likE, Vi®K|abive silence such as onenerer expariraiiratogPi id lonely eonntry plaoes, rachaslhetowii knowi nothing of Nota brreth df wmB to stir the branches outside, nto' .1® tuwcl scratching of a mouse : twliiitd the WBinioot,'- not even the faint friendly thud qfltoroff hoofs bn the frosly hii'rbsd.' 'Hatnre,j ani- in.niinit/, mibbt bsVP. hwgl StTUCk with eternal death, auflLithe Iast man;;left alive in a worid of shadows. I shivered in- As i have'sjwsdy "fhare was ajwind sense open me at the moment ol wiling | of not bring alone in the room. J bi4>fieelmg a» ieritwnrtiiatflliotte onfc otmy tyw jrn that finsfc wpftpS «te» round the room while my afeftytefeqgqp- board qd tWw' fof ghflr wip' 1 in front ofii thatil flaifto torae, to the toSteff door on the other ejda . ,. ,-»= '"to Bat when notimig iDet1 my view esve the ,p»aB8dwetreteAjWaWja6ywa4ce furniture— as like a hnadmd trtherinngtoms tinaonB,pea 'of thebtdand -vriqtoh a doF Ao beridinnled'i SrahnrimOTia'rewn il the faint ehiminp of Bome tar-away clock, j I put torth a lazy hand, found ihy watch nnder theraUnw,«id drew it odtoAgoertam the time, I was hours of bed beforeriie, arhleri my wmidermg ancewas cahit and 'fiviSit hyM elafee rind niiMsterlonkingshadnwonthe Qfiiling af.my ' - I'staredatftwifhwideCTaLjByes ; ank, aJ jEtared,reyividiandrealmtic- did:yt.>h>(h, myheartfor a'rnomehtiotdareAetinedito 'MarflhtantoBreadnqedtaicrinnd.'Afldtias 5fl!"nmrerh(aittositmEsathB>)SuauiiinhS.tion of «rineiJire<tregMy,vSiichIwaBpowetless to-hindeaf® avert. ;fiufetiie riiadDw;;moved <b&t;£or'aBmyStiirihg>aiidiSSE ;btiQre.I;lmd, 3eerer%t ta fafllOTring BmiJfealrif1 &eari;)hiit-mylsiaine;tti; first glance had so startled me, could be, and ' was, nothing more than nthe shadow fii. a portion of the fnmitureUMhto hedvprojieted by the light of the candle, on, to the ceiling, but distorted in the act, aa shadows are dffen distorted, beyond' orditouy reoegnition. Bat although I was perfectly satisfied in my own mind as to the cause oi the shadow, I in s none the leasimpressed by the singularity of the effect tlraa-cibtaihed.— tVbsf 'I saw was the repreyntatipn of a man, cloaked and wearing sloucirid hat— of a man with a re markably' hooked' and' parrot-like nose-in the act of stooping ovsrsome .one. or some thing unseen, and-striking downht thesame mnmorif jyjtfa ft OF silOlt Altfaopg nothing fyut ft ahftdow, it seemed ra.bnnigte|.j>f1 niUrdeTOOS pUT- pose. I'eeemddte breftthefnHnite every carve. Y<n almost ielt u jf coojd-eee the victim. An instant more' aaid tiiftt daigger Xetretched forth my hand and; moved the irilfesfih 'coiiple of inches terther to the right. At once the effect was gone. 'The shadow wasKstiU there, bat it, was a shadow wskKwb. tnyigfir pnrpoBP.1' Tue sloached hat was gonjt hooked-note-was gone, the dagger was gone. Then I moved the candle- suca. a I ejr inchtt to the left, the resaltbslug the production of shadow iiko nothing 1 had Aver seen before. Then k rppIjkH thp n«»Aly-aa I cbtda judge o&lMke.epi; whaeitiuud first stood. I >fanted to zsprodnce the hrst shadow, bat ttie, result w« eoihething together different. t5%htly piqaed at'iny ili-saccess, I moreu heiCSnu&ttL; -here sad. there, constantly varying tbe of the shadow, but never jor a moment , obtaiuing more than tiie 'dighieA-ifetemlblihiceto'tae one that had bu siraugely startled me. It was unaccountable.: ifneu,,aIl ja!t.ouce, the candle flared out for a mbmehtHthe next, darkness, swallowed, me up/ - : ' ' ' \ As a role the impressions which print i themselves qnpur meutal.tablCts. during the dark hours, however vivid they may seem at the'time/loof but dim and faded reproduu- tiODS of themselves in the clear ligat or inoruing. So it was in the present esse. The recollection of my midmght fauraes served' as Irewul Ifna W imila n'eai. ItvJalrfiMr ifehAfl'mAIb. senooa mtters claimed me, and " C "put- them wfndf as so many other tribes are put asidt: to be remembered, percnance, at -some oau moment now and jtn<yci, /-or, rperchance, for gotten for ever. v " " Two days later I found myself in. London, where some terrible news awaited me. My dear friend. Osric imray, had'heUn murdereu \- — mnittered-aad robbed wnile traveluug by railway. It appeared that he had been srou. hyme, transSeto iiertam buriness ' donnecttai with the hanlr, aiiH wss on-hisVeturn journey, having in hispossessionalatKe sum innutee and drafts, rfiwihflmet his sad fate. He had bribed-StdrtrS-toTtKk the dote- of Ms com partment and ao krepoUw passengers out, at a certain station he-WaSifbund stabbed to the heart. .The bag that, had contained his ptoperty'jvsannwmng; and the carriage door was unlodoed, Bnree, watch, jewellery— aU .wore gone, ftjqaenjsutfiqtoumuitaer, whoever he might be, moat have quitted Jus own toinpSu-tkneifl -wflile thd tram was '«» route, have obtained access to Imray's oom- paetoieaf, .probably while the Utter was #aje$p,#fldvuig acoomp.ished his dreadful purpose, have gone back along the foot-boarde of the carriage to hie own seat. A. daring deed to do, xplfloaf (h'jflouflt, but ceAainiy not, an impossibility. At the next station .toe murderer had doubtiess left thd train like hny ordinary passenger, .find. had mingled 'with, and been lost among the crowd, before the discovery of his crime.' ;8o"iSsctually had ho token his precautions , th»t all efforts 'krs&'hiih mflrad utteriy hmavailing. Gradoellyi fchjtime went om '"toe excitement, of the pdblic wore itself out and toe atten- tiauolthe policebecame absorbed in other and mope immediate duties. "'To all mtprerance, Imray's murder was cd(stikfeJtihdd one more to the long " list "of undiscovered crimes. I mourned my friend long and sincerely. If any .recollection of the foolish compact we had ontered into as ' young aneajever- same into my memory, it was :3>eedijy dismisaqd as something un worthy of serious thought. But it certainly did stnke me as a singular coincidence that the murder took place op. lie very morning and, as nearly as could be calculated, at the :very flour that l had been startled by that grange aljadow on the ceiling of my bedroom, it struck me ss fl sirigiiliir coiucidence, but as nothing' hiore. Some six or seven months had passed away, when a commission to paint a certain picture necessitated my takinga journey Jrbm icn- don tqa place some, distance north of Aber deen; I left home early one morning hoping to reach my journey's end sometime in the course ot the forenoon -bf the. toUowing day. In order to do this it "was 'necessary that 1 'shouldrtrsvei flll night About ten o'clock, bring; slope, in my compartment ana thcwongflly, . tired out, J dropped into a re fleshing sleep. Tfle train was still dashing along at express Apeed 'when I awoke witu the sensation of rwtflaving been asleep for more than a few firridfes. I looked at ' my watch.'snd wBB SufpriBsd to find how late it was. Then I rubbed the window and peered out, but the night was moonless .and .over cast. Not even the vaguest bhfiihe could be dispemedmf the great. mils deepogjeromid, whose eacred silence we seemen so rudely, to. disturb. I let down the window to obtain a breath of fresh air. A minute later tfletiain shot into a tunnel. From my seat close to the open window I could see tue clear reflection of each lighted compartment on the black damp' wall of toe Imruet — There,-too, waa my own ehodow, , sharply focussed on the wall, as I sat peering %>nrard wBhthepeak of my flraveliing-cap polled well over my brows. And there . too, as 1 lived, and emanating -from the next compartment, waa a second ehadow stall more shakily defined than mirm; itflMmn ahado'ir of that other shadow I had seen nxMoflr before in my inn bedroom ! So well, did I remember its every feature— if a shadow" can be said to have features— that it was impos- ' sible for me robe nfistafcnn' Jflace,»s before Was the- cloaked and etoqpiiig figure, .the slouchedhst, the rarrotrlike noae,and there, above w, iriis tiih uplifted 'aim and the hand that blhtcfaed the digger; i seeinbd to freeze to I looked." Nbttoliave saved mylifecould I have either stirred or spoken during' those few momenta. As before, the shadow- was. motionless, or would have been bnt for the' efight ntoOltoibnnf the tnin. -Tfah tragedy, jfjBBchjtJWXS,idxiots4vaiicethenjmfted dagger did not £a31 — the unseen victim put fopoaimtirBelf-defence. Another 'minnte and we were out of the Sm»J ««i ft.Jwli»r focussed no longer giKgywa wtiisi-radisted into pparp ytMH"""1- A.- nos muw Aswvwwwj in my mind 'i£jui I woifld. have cared to'owh. What did the second oppegra»ce of .this same ominous "shadow pcrtend?- Wiss it- sent as a waremfeorjuija cmetothe murder :t OF was it merely one of those angular -coin- eidpnfyv hr pn means nnnnmmim is CTerydsy tinto foetop. Before the train had corns fsidyto a etfedffiyCKriage-doorwsB opened rand I waa on,® piatfSp. No one, had time to leave the compartment next to mipe ; no one did leave it. I tried toe door ; it I made my wayJto toe guard of the train. "The middle compartment of /that xaurugp. is empty and loclred," I said; "bat there was certainly SO metoflg. in it as we came through tils tunnri just now." For a moment he looked startled; '-.Sflgfl he held up hiaflunp snd looked at the num ber painted on toe door. "M 98," he said, SL8-te"W«d-itrnit "Nq,wir; no onewssin that carriage as we paipe through toe tonneL No one flee been in'it 'sinoe we left B — , -ii ' I did not care to tell the man what I; had Two miinntes to' I ;ttas standing at tire Mpto toe wito4 ? AhoMtimt; oamage, «to"he wimperei. |4m!ttpll von, tost there is . something ancammon ii&rtoimgiit; towOd'toit fid to toll everybody «o. Ifs the vriy camsge in whitopoorMr,dflrayTwnwwred.;w?9— don't know how I answered toe man, bnt he must, hfve seen -that his words had moved, inhi- - "iAndriow;" he went on, "whenever I see M 98 running aapart of my train,' I alwaye make a "point bf locking the middle compartment and if -anybody wants to gto into it I tell them it's engaged. It seems to me ftft- jf- 1 xxmldafc bjar to see anybody travelling iit, kno|dng what I know about I slipped a coin into the man's hand. "Have; my traps got out ffl£lhe train,":! said ; ' I shalTgo no furtber to-night." Wgs there nothing more than a coincidence in all tola ? I kejitiasking myself. Had 1 not been singled out for some mysterious purpose, of which as yet .1 knew nothing. "It' is— it must be, something more -toan Mind chance,? I said to myself." The 'more I turned the matter over in my mind, the more settled became my conviction tost there was something more yet to £pme— that I had but to wait patiently, and in due time the riddle would be read for 'iHe - ihe : mystery solved. iflit when weeks and months passed away, and : nothing ftother, fihppeued : when no togn'or-okrii.xfasuSiutosafed me, and when' time had in some measure blunted the sharp edge ot'fmemofy : I Began foithink that f must have bdeu lea away "Tiy my own' -nervous fsnries z .that for once I had allowed my imagnfatioifto butstrip my common-sense; : Finally, I came to believe toafljljiiui&eyer; seeu the shadow, in ,the tunnel at. qjl, , buj;' -hat the fact of thinlangThadseeu sucfl a" thing was a pretty good proof that iny mtotal eqnipbse waa not quite so finely adjusted as' 1 in a fondly imagined it to be. ;HhdF laid the case .before my doctor, his verdict .would .lave been that .1 had' overworked myself, and that' all I needed was rest-'hud:chahge ol scene. . - About this .time I received a couumtoion to 'paint a picture iliusfrative of'W 'feertain puase of low-class London life.': 'In 'my search for types and toces to embody In my- picture,- 1 fuuud myself, after' night'fldl;qn several occasions . m. 'Some , pf ' toe' 'lowest aeigiibuufflbudt, mid tondfig some' of tue vilest ueus,iflc tfle'-uieiropolis had at that ..im' reason to be asuaiuen of. I had several 1 dflWlUtllAD' VVul VtWrfot taeir sheltenng wmgs 1 visited sundry places _nto which it would not nave been sale for sje tqyencure aloue. Saidnne of ftflese acqujintancea, Sergeant irnitu, to me one uigut, atter we had been .ue round ol several queer places ; " There's ; often -« rum >ot to here, sir, though mostly ; foreigners. "Suppose we finish up Dy taking X peep at them." The place he spoke of was X me&u; anil miigy-lookiijg caffl situated in a mean ami dingy' street somewhere in the puriieus'of SoEo and "Leicester Square. We puauedopea themwrng-dopr and went in, and at once X- pwll- hae anciBd jthat I was Hundreds of miles flomXonadni and that I xad loot myself in 'some low neighbourhood of theQoartier -flatin. But witu the place and. the people found there Iflaye.rioUiing xere to do— or rather, I have to "do witflxine person only. I did hot see' hirn 'when Lfifst went in, flor -till after I 'bhdkatidowii and ordered a enji ofcottee, . Butkaflpoo.ra I did see 'him, or rather,, .as soon asl; caught sight. of the sbaiow-.re'flected-ontiia'wall oeyoud him,T etkrted- to'my. feet Vftli fln.ex- clametioo that turned "-a dbzSff tothSut pairs of eyes '.on me in a moment. .-On. the coarse whitewashed wtll-of this mean caft I beheld, - for toe "third time, the sinister out line which had haunted me twice already ' once tomy bednmrn at the inn gf toe Doye, and once in the tunnel, as I was'trivalu'in the' carriage, in which poor Imray had been murdered. -Unbidden and unsought by mej for the thirdtime, there it wss, as clearly de, fined as thongh it were the same , shadow outlined in cuarcoaT to' the most' mixiato particular that I had seen briore. tu-.-t. It was the shadow' andudttoe'mai-toat in the first instance drew my '»yeS to toe remote comer of the room which, . they occupied,, apart from anyone, jtoftjUiy, gaze now turned involuntarily to toe iiian himself; X was filled, with a sort of dread curiosity— a feeling which 1 could not analyse had posses ' siouot me. Whoflhd what 'manner bfi man was this that had -been so .strangely singled out before me team aU the other; inuflions of living units scattered over the face the earth ? VVas thd riddle goiflg rtp be read, for me at last ? He was tall, thin, and bony, as well -as could be seeufor toe long, beavy;. old-fash- loned cloak, with ita dur , oollar end quaint clasps, , in. which he.wto wrapped. He wore a sott felt hat.' nulled low down over' His brows. He .hadred hair, and a short, 'pointed beaj-1 and "moustache of the same colour. His' large, ttoman nose ' made' 'hie thin -cadaverous face look thinner, and. omere cadaverous than it would otherwise have looked. .Wflemmy.alteutiou was first drawn to him, he bad xisen to his feet , and ,was staring intently at the door, through ' which tnree or four'new comers were filing slowly Into the room, fie' looked afl if -lid werd 'im patiently awaiting theoomuig of someonef In one hamflhe flridyi roll of French bread, -in theroher'if'iodg, slender pocket- knife. Fdr a moment-or two toeiifcmfe ocas poised in mid air while fle -gazed frowjiingly at the .door. Then, when he whom he was e pectihg did not come, toe knife descended p the bread .was eeymBdi Md heaatjflHvn to oia chocolate and dry crust with the air of a man who had not tasted food since yesterday. But, mean and comtoon-place as toe man and his surroundings'-might seem and were, prosaic, as might be and was, the occupation on which he , was engaged, I could not but hearkrii totoe'dread voice that whispered in my. heart - The man before yon is tue -muc- . derer of .Osric Imray !" 1 ;i . Chapcbs H. . . i \- ".Dgjpn. see somebody you know?" asked Seigeant fituith, prompted thereto by the ex- claniaontoat broke; onTpluntarily from my my eyes caught eight of the ".Yes,!' Xtoid, witha sort of garojss Ime- resumed." my iseat;' /'Sdtiody that I have w-tetig-'tiine; ' -Yofl-see that'inan,".ii- added, "in the cloak and slouched flat, sitting by himself in the .top eft-iiimd comer?' The sergeant nodded. 'Haitiou 'ever aeaUm before tb mghit ?" -. V I can't eay that ,'I. recollect bis -flsce," answered fcSmith fcautionriy, after, a .long steady stare. And yet it is anything but an ordinary face. Put somebody an to and out all that caflbe'fdflnid out Abbot him,and bring .youir rroprt to me a aoon asyou are ready. "" "It shaHTie doneT firv1 was'the sergeaids promptrespanse; . , v — ; '"CT i _ "To what class do the rifstomeia" of thii place mostly belong f Taaked. . . . # \ SFefive-sixfiS icomgnltti,;as QUVHIW WWIHinHI, but A B|MUUkIAUft of theiamaybeiFrench or Belgian workmen, whn have, found employment in London. The regfrCahoiiLd putdownos being chiefly revolntilpl oWrators of different nationalities who have 'fled their country, and who contrive tp pke out a subsisteuce here, few save tomnhrives 'know -flow: while waiting for A turn bf 'Fortnne'a wheel that may make'toem- geheaisor senators, and give them, in tiieir.tum, the power of alu»t- ing at exrUng todsaVho -Arordw atatift top -of the tree." "The first toing to be dpne," continued Sergeact Smith, as soon jw we, were putijde toe cafd, " is to ascertain where'ouf 'Jewish- looking friend hides his head of a night; Do you, sirj wait herOA minute.orjtwo while X go and "look flir one bf ngr fellows!- If our frtend StotoOuttiuwhile, follow himata distance." , , ; .. Away went toe seigeant, while I remained on wah near |heidoor of the caf& But no one came qui;, tmdin five minntea Sergeant XSmifffSrasflack, accompanied by a policeman iq plain clothes."; To thyyrnan certain instruc tions were given, after which the sergeant and I went oof -several-ways. I \- - Some eght pr nine days passed, when, one everting onfte turning to my rooms, I found (the sergeant waiting, for me. . .Wflit he.had to tellme-may brifehy be rhlktrilto&lhrwti.; The man's name — or rather, the name he hewas-known by — was Pierre Lenoir, but whether he'were rtolly a Fientomafl'as his name wbnld imply, Was' SoubtfnL Smith 'toritouedto'put fai&tfid;<mflt2£Fitf%-a iymgwsp; but torn" Setga&i.; knowledge of . 4ilt»put nationalities was neither accurate flbr 'extensive. To whatever oountry the , man belonged,- he' had no osodrtrinflble em ployment nor any -visible means . ot snbsis- tej),ce.; He Jived rn flne;Xoom, the second- jrewpaperspftnghto and foreign j smoked , , — — — ; 1 — ; the stiefsiorcan flour or.. tometimes to' company, sometimes alone j visited different' compatrioW, sill pf whom, like Aimselily, seemed to live in one room ; and so, in the. course of the evening, iound hia way. back to one or aoother caffc where he spent-the honto till midnight, . amfleitimee brooding ailentiy- overbis own thoughts, sometimes playing dominoes or draught npisily with his friends. Alter that , home to bls' secondBoor front, not to be seen oyer . the threshold asato tol - noon toe next day. So fax as could, be ai- certained, when at home he associated witi . nobbdv and had- few or no visitors. " , SuciL was the sutotance of what Sergeant Smith. had to toll top. But now that T had found ontso nmcfl-what was l to do next?- What nse could 1 make of -the information iflus acquired 2 Iflad settled upon no definite plan of action. I only felt that I most do something — or rather, X- frit. that' something was givfer me to do. Aa yet the way' -was dark before me, but that light would come to time I did not doubt. I dijl not doubt that behind toe thrice-seen shadow was a hidden purpose which of a surety would in due time remain hidden no longer.' ' On the evening of the day following that of the sergeant's visit I found myself ' in Winckworth Street, Soho. That it had at one time been a street with some pretentions to be considered fashionable was at once Apparent, both from the size of toe houses and the style in which they were built. But -aa the tide of society ebbed westward, -so "had Winckworth Street gradually but surely fallen into decay, till at length the whilom homes of fashion and gentility had come to be nothing more than so many lodging- houses ; not 'as' yet lodging-houses of the -commonest kind, but year by year impercep tibly tending that way. No. 33a differed in nowise, from its neighbours. It had a base ment Hoof "below the.Ieyel of the street, the window bf whitlilooked' into a tiny railed-off -space not much bigger than a lady's travell ing trunk. Above this was a room with three windows ' it had once been the dining- 'room— with a front door and a rather fine porch, that probably dated from the reign of the First or second George. Over this was what had originally been toe drawing-room, hi iJ-L rie lin Bafl.laini vihv Tfri ffl A AtTre onil small dongitudSifflpanesT-fiigher-nlill were two more stories of four windows each, and then theroofr . .tT According to Smith, the second-floor front waa the room occupied -by Lenoir. To this 1st once directed my: attention. . As stated already, , itr had foifl- windows. At one (of these wmdows a young woman now at 'sew- ing, and yet -the sergeant, had said that Lenoir lived aloue aud had no visitors. : I paced up and down the street several times, glauoug up at the window each timeX passed it. Al, the windows -had Venetian blindai but after aflime I , noticed that ' the two .left- hafld windows, .atone of which ton gin Was sitting/had. to addition short blinds.of .some common kind bf 'net or muslin,1 while the-two right hand windows' were bare'. Then it struck me that the aecond-floor, front was probably divided toto two 'rooms with two wflidoWB to each room,. Leiibir. b&n;/g the occupant of one of them and the, gjvflo ' was feewing1 of the o ther. - " ' - ; I- .waa.ztill tosy.'woriring on toia_idea when I -noticed that »«mali card wasanspeni ded in toe dinfr-rbom -window. crossed the . road to xcad what was written ; on,' it J 'Top; . Back-roomi to Let IJiiJEuniished,'! were the words I saw. ' My heart gave a throb as I read. I walked down toe street and up . again while . I . composed myself. Then ! knocked. The- door was answered 'by' "a . faded, . washed-out old"' -wbinan,- whose face looked, all hose and toto. lipid her d- Wanted to look at the room that was to let, arid at her request 1 followed her np stairs,. Of course Jhe "room suited me. Any room-in that house would . have , suited 'me.; I agreed at once to take it. " I suppose you have several otherodgera in the house?" I Jked. "Heaps of 'em,"" was the answer: Then she told rue that, toe whole of the house was rented by her hnsband, who, with hersrif, lived on the basement floor. That toe ground floor was let off. to. a prgfessor of unnsic, and the drawing-room floor te a pro fessor of dancing and his two daughters. On toe floor above store " Mounseer "Lenoir," a very quiet French gentleman ; and, in toe adjoining room, a young lady connected with one of the ".theaytr s." Higher' still a young Westcnd shopman found arijyimmo- dation, and at thebaek -was the room l had just taken. When I told the oldlady that I was an artist Jiy. profession, she answered that there was "lots of 'em" about til at neighbourhood, but pom her tone 1 gathered that she did, not consider tbem of miich accnnnt. ' _ Next day I moved a few traps into my do micile, the chief articles being an easel aud a camp bedstead, and tried to make myself as comfortable as toe circumstances of the case would permit. As it was far from my intention to spend toe whole of my tone m Winckworth Street, I still retained my own rooms, visiting them daily, and still-looking upon them as my real home. But between ten o'clock and noon next day I waa always at No. 33a, that is to say, dur ing the whole time Lenior was under the same roof., -At the end of a week I had seen him twicq. , Once I brushed past .him on the stairs os l was going down and he coming t p ; pnee l encountered him. at the comer of he - street as I was gring on my way to the house. Dii neither occasion did he appear to take more notice of me than if there had been no such person in existence. In my search for any scraps of information that might prove useful to me, I made it my burinesa -to ingratiate myself with -my land lady and her husband. The latter was a -man.jbetween sixty, and seventy years old. \- He flad been a soldier at one timej and (after that a gentleman'Sservant, and had travelled much in earld ' lifef ' He iras a great smoker, andtefid 'of a'riSfik'"' vHEfl -anyone that would talk to him So one or two evenings a week I made a point of descend ng to the basement and jmoking a pipe with the old fellow. Onlffi'totaSions I heard the histoiies of y®3rirI'lbdtiers as far as they SBsangnraiafiSur nltlinbgli it wra about ciiedhtor. a model' .Iodger. ;,J3e" gave' no =Bnt toeiyoinig-laayJwho ritos connected vritiuthe frimatrn "r waa not always ready with faerment.1 She bad- been '.dot of; an engagement a doaaiderahle time, and her means ware nearly exhausted. 1 She had paid no rent for six weeks. The old man and .his wife were loth to tum toe giri out of her ruofu, guv ou fiie,jpMiur.WB!y vnm.iaia anideastruckme. "Suppose the young lady and exchange rooms,"! said; " Her room is lsiger than mine; besides which the light is better for painting. If. toe will agree to this, I will pay up her back rent, andriso a monto's rput'of Ifle S>flm she , will move into." " ' i , " If she -don't aocqit your offer, fir," said the old man, "IH Bend"her packing before 1 she's a day older. " But she did accept it with tears of gratitude toe neto day. "While the FVonriiman was from home, lhe transfer/rof Ohtotels was effected, flfld that night' li slept fli one of two rooms oh the seomd floor front. Only a thin brickwall separated Lenoir and myself. ; Ormfltherjptece df information was fur nished me.by my landlord's torrnlity, which mit or might not prove naefcl.in time to rome. 'fie" gave me to undmetand that be haft a pasB-%ey that would feSLtoe lock of eira/tioor 3n toe house;- fieflsAsnied thjs in consequence of one of bSslddgers having committed Suicide in his iorifl, and the affair had-not been -discovered -for -upwards of a- week, fiver since that time, rif anyipf his- lodgers were niisting for upwards of'more tfito twenty-four hours, "he entered their rooms withdhflxwwnony, and satisfied . aimself that; alL was right oil his premises. I did not fail to snotecarefuUy the particular nail in the plate rack on which the master- kev wasutoally flnng.;. ' " ; Lenoir and I 'were .jqow dose neighbours indeed, but toift dn opeoensA as far apart as oever pMs the tnau vfitlionfc a ehadoer, u Si known that I lodged in -the saaae Uouse with him; in all prdiftiflitijibB was quite aware that Ifladiembvwl into toe roani-next his : bnt whether .acoqut Urdistrustea I hfiW'ino 'mdtok'rif feiflwing.- - Js -toyciui; .-thhre WB were; sqtoated' only Jby sixdnchhs -" Mtowrie toebhktoto I fltobrbqdidg amdaamhifigbytoemito?wiadowiofciiiy!rioto' tomipg?over this eoheme Jazud - that, .vafliJy tryibg to devise, some pltowiito would brofir me nhareitoe endTbSTm-riefl.- "ThaT Thad'by toft tifiid tot deaHjrberorhrtiSt Itmraa neithecsnorernor 'leBS totoi!to'4irii|g Lenoir to juriioe, jae -the murderer sof»'Osric' Imray, .Eiat, he was, the murderer Inevir once doubted.' The toririinly wss impraae|i upbflme at tofl'mbihtotbf'my seeingflim andhia shadow in conjunction, bt I toe : caff," and from. that (ftrleinflyLlteuflineyecarst wavered. . . . .. 1 . By-add-bye a scheme' began to shape itself vaguely m my braui. I ' worked itidut bit to' fait, and ;adopted it at 3ast' dtfijl' bceattto I could thiqk o£,no)iing ; better. - Itmigto ,mtoeed,in furthexiflgmy ends, but better to. make an effort afld fliil thaii not td fliake an "effdrt- atalL ' ' T . But to carry but the- scheme in question" it was needful that : Li should . have a :conj- ' fedaate. , I .was not. long iu,malring.pp my mind ' .whom that conftoerate should ha Some' two years rireviouriy' 1 had picked h, young Arab ont of the Lohdon ghttera 'anfi' had induced him sto Sit to. mei Jags and alii ' i»W$! feel an interest in toe lad; poor, neglected, waif 'though; "he bras, r«nd affc l-hari'donfe wito'-hlinVfor: artlpurpoees il- rietormined' not to lose sight pf him. Ifle result.wastorit : after gilrillg- Tim eighteefl months ougn schooling, L fdunff a Stticm for hirn ak, assistant to a' grCehgroeer. . To tlns"greenl- . grace I- now %eat; ufld Ssked him to1 'lend; , 'llm ..to me for:' a. .month, ,.n ..request ;vdth ' whieh. .he ,.atL, opce .complied.,,., SO J Tim ; and ' I 'wept baqk to Winckworth , Street. WherO Drew, iny" latidl'Oro,'' ptbvided him with A bhlakedOwn -ki fiheflttic; j :: ' 1 / The firsttoing -I/fiid neirt-moriung wasto ' 1 put tinto Thiu'ajrhendv a- dump' of .bcaic,uone ' AOjffacejWhicfl. bone jfle, impirioa,,of; to? i wards of &; key/. j It, was, a faqsimflebf -Drea "mas'terkey.'WatohW mjr qppSrtiihit even. ing aiaer evenmg wnen icvna anumann baveapipeWlthtoeridriaiq'thezaosiueetone whpnJheiwiB cdjouof tajmiffer a knock at the front door. Left alone, I possessed myself of the key for a Couple of on tbe-piece of WM. which I hM/fcrought m my pocket lor that purpose. This I now handed to Tim. ("Taketoist", get a key. made for itf- vFoor'daya tater "hg bwujflit riie tofiteur; ' ' " ' !' ' f ' fried it on ihy "owji door first qf all, faut it would neither lpckorunlockiit. Thai Tim procured two' brifiu&ffl;&Tff;'lfflfireftuizes ond-pattems, and- he rnid l . worked on the 'key at intervals for a ooupie of days, .At toe end of that 'tinie dhr 'labonrs Ware -crowned Wifhshccess.""7 ' '""i- !" ' "; 'Thiflmommt ofiimnh was, worth adl toe time Md labour 'It fiiffcosf 'ine? " T inserted Sbeksy ini- Ltos 44dr,«nd ton bolt bhot noiselresly-biuA. t-!' turiiad toe handle and room. : r.o,:i-i:.;rfl .l'S-1 J..: !. The xoomwaaanAxactcpunteipartofmy own." There7- toil toe - same-oldaahirmpd grate Mid quiintiyi raived/ ehimney- jroriiB. Thesiriiedfeep hkfrtihg board haf otoj'blfck riifith' age." The"'&nie; foffftted -tbriiics of ornamental plaster . woirk' runniiig riitiml th e roefn' ht tKe. j'uncn of, VjpIIs' and ceiling. Tfle same tmwiejdy, , sbuiltera, . and, the same 'grand old .door. . i&.tliocjfiiptiL&pk; no note. Whether it was goodt Lisd. . or -indifferent; vrasno-amcem of xnina-.Satisfied witohwhatur bad: seen, ll'-ahnt toe .door, rriockea it/and -weort back to.my own room. So. far I had been .successful/ Should' i be which,- mysrif fiuseen, I cguld, .i?yer I should, -choose, to do so, .see.eyptylthmg (hat went ion -inside Lenoir's room. .. n : . . , \- Although he madea point o! coining home At - mdnight; or soon rafter, Leaoir-varriy retired to bed till- . couple of flours later. Listening in toe siTen'ce aha dafkhhss,' j'could BriixiimAt'iittervas j&pvijg; toodt hisroom affcet'every" ofle .ritie 'was in bed,' and all the lights,. ih . Wihikwqrth Btflfet, but .his qwn were extinguished. The question was, in what way did Pierre Lenoir occupy himself .during those two hours .?/ What didflefipdto do ;ot that time of morning? This-was the problem he hadbet himself to solve, and, the examination of his room was but a'prelmnnary stop towards that end, ' ' 1 ' ' - - The first thing I 'did, the day after' my visit to the Freucflman's room, was to send Tim out to buy . A.step ladder of a certain bright. Thie-was rosdilybfltaiiiodand. when Tim brought it-Irfoundithat, as I stood on the second Stop from the top, my head neariy touched the" -ceilng =ot ' my 'room.- I now proceeded to mark out, on the surface otthe , wall that divided, my room 'from Lenoir's, a spaceineasnimg ""tdye jindM in a sfralght line from the cei iASvn'sSxas, sM'Jejhty- four inches across toe base. As soon as Lenoir 'i'ad got out for the day T instructed Tim, , in thel hrst plaCe, to strip the paper off the space tons marked out, and, in -the eeoond Mace, to carefully remove a! couple of feet oftbe elaborate foliated cornice, which, as already, stated ran round the top of the room, and extended to a depth of six "lncbdB "down the .walla ' This done, Tim's -next- job was to pick away toe plaster from off the marked space till the hare bricks were expoeedIO£b Hsfew iThe UeXt thing was to remove'thetwo top, time, of flriolcBjfpr a space of twelve inches out, of the twenty-four, and ' yet , leave intact and unbroken .the plaster work, on Lenoir s side' of. the wall. This proved, more. easy of accomplishment than 1 had dared to hope. The mortar with which the bricks hiad been laid wis ".rotten with age, crumbling almost at 'a touch/and was " easily prodded 'out of : toe -interstices between Mhe : briifts fly% means cof toqfron skeweri whiBh Tim;; made .nseofiforthe purpose. When tilis was done a little careful mnnipnlatinn rn-Hri rnr f "T' »>.»liri<-V« one by one, tilLflalf a doaen of them were taken out, mid'cg"to"e.floor. The plaster on the opposite riderifjthe wrilcould now be seen, and flfe most p&i; of our task was yet borasTy r j/. ' ' ' Next affiera(wr?to I«K>ir had gone out for the day angjburily; anyone was left in toe ladder andMylantedrifehnd himself in the FrenchmanBwcilSSjiine I took np my position dose to Tlft'lbpening in the wall of my room. TUring4 fcU instrument, which I iiad made'forJtoepurpbse, 'Tim inserted the rornifee; SilpSSL it'frirwSat⁢ pierced clean through the plaster, behind, so that its .enlarged- by.- Bcnipingi with .ai<knife 'at',.toe plaster till amirregtilarfy shaped orifice about . oeomid (hole was «utionta frw inches tartfler -on-in-'tiiasame-way; 'The-roealtAras that next to impossible to driest toe openings from bis side, ttetf ""BShg cut out behind toe foliated work pfltne SOTiroe, and consequently all was invisdflHSteBLgloW. It was, in fact," las though ;I reVfekmgrint fMHrbehindja -was satisfied tnattoere-was nothing more to of plarier ,to>t;hsd.Jrilfi';,(ptlto« ifloor of Lenoir's room. Xneroiwe relocked the door andsraitodLor midnight: tmeMf.'. 'j.:, ; 'v.AB;wo«"to' twrivfe flVdock 1 had struck 1 1 reoMyi® phqloolfonwooL'; .aSelamp inionr room-was toeu iextmguiBhedjVBiid Tim -coiled himself ujyifl'un 'easy- cflaiF.-ViraLtihg , .till be might, be-vyranted, J ".We bad aflflSdy provided ourselves with riippers mada tof .felt, .so .that xonr jnovianenfai might not be hqasL. By=a by Lmitk»aroe,teinA-- On &m;?>& Iqotadpflodoorbehind .mgym WciSi WiW &i; nmi-, battaioTftiying exjHaaionfi tiiw !. Two niore svriiiflea passed witiiout anj'- itflipg riioaseqaehce taking' place. 'On botL; tatetaio -howl bftexfott & 'btym nmnbei, iof times, heoold doeeed in tonuog ap aa ac. JWS « Priaenee himself,' dgrhg' from toe way he- kept i whistling imd' singing under her breatfl.- Cqat .and vest /having, been ' flong aside qs usual, arid the inevitable cigarette lighted tie went to the" window and satisfied himself that , toe Venetians woe ed arranged that' nothiri; flhich went on made tiie room could be aeeE ftqm qierLhe.yray.. fle Iwent to thje door, and made sure that it, waaxmdly locked. His' next proceeding was a singular one.' | ' The toonght flad stiutoihe mote than onto that Lenoiria bedstead, as. an article af framture, looked considerably: out of plade pmongits shabby surroundings, ftwasmadje ofruihogany,' in th e hehvy ol d fashioned style not oftm;'seen'nbwadays. The posts thqt supported - toe teot'cd- 'it" -were especially substantial and, solid lookiiig. Going down ,onpne knee in frpnt of one of ; these pillars, Laioir with his finger ' and thumb drew oujt. "of its socket toe : circolar piece of mahogany that 'covered one of the1: strew fldles ef tot bedstead. .Then .eelecSngrone very small key,. from seyeral pthers pna ring that h? drew from his' pocket, he inserted it in a tiny keyhoie' in the whodwork. of the bedj- stead, bitherto'hidden brifind - the -piece ol nuahpgany which fle , had just removed. As he. tnrned the key I heard p. faint click, and the next momenf he pulled 'open. a little door in'tflelower part of the bed-post," which. turning On invisMe hingefl exposed to view a recess or, smaU cup board cht ogt bf the substanceot /the .ood, Frpp;thft,fles? ; he dew a roll of something that was covered with leather and camrify"tieilf up. !' Then 'roing' to fhe tabli 4e sitdhwn: -drew closer" to'friim aiidj < proceeded ; to -unfasten toe roll, the .qpntits of (Whiril., pppved, to icpusftt entirely wy «uiu iwuuvu.iiia utau m 'tos'nofasjfls edon'as'he t tflemimrdlled; : f Afliliha I herawp are again,fli»i umit" he .said./, Theu.,takingpen and rink ;and a sheet ot-saper, he proceeded to put , down certain particulars contornihg the notes, probably to&r; numbris and' Vilde1: turiiing them over loue byone carriullyandtohderly. - Then h<J tied.toem mi in-their leatflej:. covering ad before, pat them bariqvjnto,,toe.,receesi relocked the little door," shd- replaced the piece of mshnnany over toe serew-bole; Then he rubbed hishands and chuckled to himselLigun. L f, To-mdriuwjiight," I heard him say, though ie_hardly spoke above a .yyhflmejjfhe promised flo ramA.and he. won't flftwora. Tbeul'shallbq rich— rich :rcould hardly douht thattoe notes l had just 'aeeu.were thoto udocfl haA fleen stoleii ffop Imray, lauiLfogthe sake of uflich fle had tomfoflourir before linoiri wis in'-tfle'toita! tori sing,- Lflmftedi np-BergeantSmrthand htof accmsnltation jWith him Unknown to jumaelL Lenoir waa waflhod toatday,irom toe mom'ent of Fis 1 leaving the flouee, tall toe motit Whft hothiii. feAiting -on "Smith's ; «dvice,- ! toOk iny ' position OB toa laddhr jfhifl "evening, a opnplejPf hoiire earlier, than unusual proceeding with him, and brought -with' him a bdttie of cognac. Having .-lighted' his lamp, .he took' the roll of A0ftespift,<4\. its hidiflg -plaoe and stuffed it, L>r the time emgupder his.pillow. Hardly was this done, when I heard, a. low, peculiar whisHe.71 Iflnoir'fttara'itV'-l&ri;&t; q nieldy dowiistaiis, opened- tiie front door, and presently came back, .followed . by a granger. . ,Tflq bottle, pf cogpac yyas opened, and, the conteuts approved ofl and then the tw b men sat down to business, onecn each tide of the little table, wrtH" the lamp between them.-, They spoke in- Low , tones, and in French. . The stranger was, there to buy toe potto,' the numbers of which were' known,- but which he presnihably Tiad the means of forcing into rircolatioii; either oh toe Con- tinent or across the Atiafltic. : The question which he mid Lemiirwert, jpguingnow was pimply one of price. , At length they came to terinsi and' toe roll of no'fes was produced. The'"' stranger 'eheckfed' them off carefully against a fist which heJudbrougbt wrthhim, and jthen piitjthsm away into afl inner pocket. LUe gola.rs at, my. lodgings,". L heard him say. "Come with me'and yon ton have it at once." " Why ' didn't you bring it with you ?" asked Lenoir,- sulkily. : "It was too heavy,'; eaidthe other, laconically. : /'Besides — " ; " Yon did not . care p> trust yourself here with so .much, hard cash ahont yon." roeeredtoe Fitodiman. 'as'' he took hp his hat. Ihe Btoanger ' only laughed and lit anotoririagaiette.t' -. - . Lenniq,then extinguished , flis. , lamp, arel toetwo' men went (fohnoriaira .together. »i lfet themselvre biit at thb frontff-. bnt only; to find theihseivto next -moment' ihthe' arrhs of Sergeant flmith-xmd -toree of his men, who had been lying in ambush for them. Hey were taken to' tfae 'riearest police .staan and, searchhd: The notes proved .to tetooee which ;ii?ere stolen frpm Imray, ana in one of Lenoir's pockets was founds ring— the ring, pHgmaUy min'e,; which T'had exdiangeawitlriny'tnendforflis-tbe night we entmed into that foolish compact. Lenoir wae , -examined. - before, a . magistrate and committed, for. trial, .but three. day6 diter he coutnyell' to commit suicide in Ms ceB. "-'The Tngsaibus ' stranger, on whem the notee.were fouhifl had a tefm of penal aervftqcje.inetod ont .to him. for: his share. ,ia - " I have'nbtfiing more. to add, except that Tim ii well and prosperoos. Nothing wbnld "shit rtbe lad bnt goiugtoto the -police force .4 spenss he was, old enough, fie baa, risen tqfae a srigeant already. , .fiis ambition is to Farliameifts' . ' i; n; : - :.» 