A SAD ENDING. For years Beau Brummel was the leader of London fashionable society : but his spendthrift habits brought him to poverty, and his last days are thus described by a writer in Chfirnbcix'f Journal : — 'A poor neglected imbecile is living in squalid lodgings at Calais. It is scarcely possible to recognise in this un happy being the once gay and elegant Beau Brummel, the glass of fashion and mould of form to the men and women of his generation, whom he ruled with the despotism of an autocrat. Yet this is the poor Beau and no other. ' He is holding a phantom reception. Having desired his attendant to arrange his apartment, set out the whist tables, and light the candle — alas ! only tallow — lie is ready at 8 o'clock to receive the guests which the servant, previously in structed, now announces. ' First comes the Duchess of Devon shire. On hearing her name the Beau leaves his chair, and with the courtliest bow, the only reminiscence of his departed glory, he advances to the door and greets the phantom duchess with all the honour that he would have given ! the beautiful Georgiana. ' He takes Jier hand and leads her to a seat, saying, as lie does so, ' Ah, mv dear duchess, how rejoiced I am to see yo ! So very amiable of you to come at this short notice. Pray bury yourself in this arin-cliair. Do you know it was the gift to me of the Duchess of York, who was a very kind friend of mine ? But, poor thing, you know she is no more.' 'At this point tears of idiocy would fall from his eyes, and he would sink into the arm-chair himself, awaiting the arrival of other guests, who, being duly announced, were similarly greeted. ' With these ghosts of the past he would spend the eveninguntil 10 o'clock, when the servant, telling each guest that his or her carriage was waitiug, would carry his poor old master off to bed. We cannot wish him good night without the payment of a sigh for the pantomime he has acted and the sad lesson it conveys.' Switzerland and Australia. — The land of gold begs to make her acknow ledgements to the land of the flood, for tlie most provocative and delicious tonic that ever stimulated appetite or pro moted digestion. We refer to the ' Dew of the Alps,' the national cordial of Switzerland, wliich, through the agency of Messrs. Moss and Co, is now procurable in all the Australian colonies. This wholesome vegetable invigorant and nervine owes most of its medicinal virtue aud its incomparable flavour to au aromatic herb, wliich grows wild in the vallej' of the Grisons. The Dew of the Alps is a preparation as old as the Swiss Republic, and was estimated a peerless tonic in the mountain cantons four hundred years before the Paris Exhibition of 1867, awarded a medal to the present proprietors. — Adv. 