THE HUMOURIST. A BPEOTRAL BAKER. (rnOM THE NEW YOHK TIMES.) The ancients firtnly believed in a place of future punishment. When we remember that their method of conversation was to con stantly remark, ?" What, ho! my Balbus," and "Thou say est truly, my Sallust," we at once perceive that they must have bored one another to that extent that nothing: less than a belief in Tartarus could have given them any comfort. It was held by all classic Scientific Persons and theologians that Tar taruB waB situated in the centre of the earth, and that rapid transit thereto was obtained by the way of volcanoes. Of course, with the progress of Bcience, we have discarded this crude notion. We look upon the volcano as a steam safety valve, and feel perfectly certain that it has never been and never will be exposed to the risk of being choked up with the bouIS of. Western Democratic statesmen. And yet there are certain stories which the scientific persons cannot very well explain. Many years ago an Italian ves sel was sailing near Stromboli, when, from its deck, a particularly bad priest was seen sailing through the air in charge of a deter mined-looking demon. Thepair made straight for the mouth of Stromboli, and disappeared down the crater, the bad priest loudly pro testing that he preferred to go home. The as tonished spectators simultaneously consulted their watches and noticed the hour. On ar riving in port they hastened to buy the fourth edition of the afternoon paper, and, looking at the list of deaths, saw that the priest had died precisley at the time when they saw him navigating the air on his way to Stromboli. Now, on the supposition that the ancients were right in their opinion that Stromboli is one of the gateways of Tartarus, this story is by no means incredible; but, if the ancients were wrong, it is quite inexplicable. The Scientific Person will take a short way out of the difficulty by denying that the crew of the vessel saw what they pfofessed to have seen, and will maintain that it iB easier to suppose that they were all drunk than to suppose that the soul of a bad priest was seen to descend into the crater. This, however, will not be satisfactory to thinking men, and if they re fuse to believe the story, they will prefer the more charitable theory that the vessel, its crew, and ail the rest of the tale, were in vented by a paragraphist of the period. But now comes a freBh story which cannot be thus put aside. A few weeks since an Englishman, with his wife and children-the latter including quantities of grown-up daughters-were on the summit of Vesu vius, accompanied by a number of guides. What they were doing vfe are not told, but beyond a doubt they were engaged in roasting eggs in the ashes-that being the ejole object for which the Neapolitan beliewes that Eng lishmen ascend the mountain. Suddqqly one of the daughters saw the baker who supplied them with bread at their English home walk ing hurriedly towards the crater. She in stantly cried out, "Papa, there is Hs^rry." The father looked up, and perceiving the baker, who was dose at hand, exclaimed: " Bless my soul, its 'Arty-Harry, I mean. This is very hodd-I should say odd." Simultaneously the Englishman's wife and all his numerous children saw the baker, recognised him, And called to him to ex plain " what ever he had come th$re for." The man paid no attention to their calls, but hurried on with a troubled expression of face, and carrying under hiB^nn a pundle, which, doubtless, consisted of heavy bread or burnt tarts. Reaching the brink of the crater, he sprangintothe abyss anddisappeared from the horrified gaze of the English family. The guides who witnessed the affair remarked to one another that the Btrange English lord miist have been even more than usually mad to thus jump 'into the- crater, but took no further interest in him. One of them con sented, for a large bribe, to climb a little way down the crater in search of the miserable baker,' but was soon driven back by the smoke. Constantly remarking that" 'Arry's conduct was most hextraorainary-that is extraordinary," the English traveller and his brood descended the mountain ana returned to their hotel. Three days later they learned by a letter that at the precise hour when they were on the mountain, the baker had died in his bed at. his Englah home. Had one Englishman seen this remarkable vision, we might have Baid he was drunk or crazy: but we cannot pretend that a whole English family, which, at a moderate estimate, probably consisted of a father, a mother, and twenty-seven unmarried daughters, were all labouring under a delusion. Moreover, the guides saw the shadowy baker plunge into the crater, and are prepared for a reasonable compensation to make affidavits to that effect and to supplement them by appeals to the Virgin ana San Gennaro to certify to the truth of their statements. The evidence in support of the story is preciaely.alike in cha racter to that which the average person who stays at home has of the existence of a crater on the summit of Vesuvius. A number of tourists and a number of guides assert that they have seen the crater. If we believe them, why should we not believe a number of tourists and a number of guides who assert that they have seen the ghost of an English baker leap into the crater I It will he readily acknowledged by all house keepers that Vesuvius is peculiarly suited to the Average baker. If the wretched " Harry" was like other bakers, he must have constantly exasperated ^e British public by bringing morning muffins three hours after breakfast time, . by serving sour and heavy bread, and .by supplying innocent nurseries with wholly inedible tarts., There was a peculiar fitness in his fate. He had burned tarts in his life time, and it wasonly fair thatheshould"know how it was himself"-to use the familiar ex pression 'of the late Mr. Tweed. He had baked heavy bread, and if his ghost was weighted with a bundle of such bread as a sinker, .poetic justice was observed. On the whole, when we consider the evidence of the many eyewitnesBea on the mountain, and the undoubted fitness of the crater sfi a final lodging for an habitual baker, the probability of the story seems too great to be denied. It to to bo hoped that American as well as Englishbakers will take warning. Like the f lumbers, they hare latterly taken great com ort in the encouraging theory of CoL In gersoll. Here, however, is a signal refuta tion of the Western theologian's views. What has happened to one baker may, and probably will, happen to others. That only one spec tral priestof notoriously bad character nas been seen to be burled into Stromboli, and .thftt Only one ghoBtly baker has been seen to 'descend Into Vesuvius, iB doubtless due to the fact that Buch incidents usually take 'place at night . We may now look to see a Tevivel of faith in the classic opinioti as to the functions of volcanoes, and an improvement In the character of English bre&d; and tarts: end in the punctuality of Englishbakers. Of oourse.ecien tafic persons will&n;^ct(o doubt the Btory of Harry's ghost, 'but they cannot over* throw evidenoe by mere impudent denial. < 