LADIES' LETTER. (from our own correspondent.) PARIS, May 10. Very naughty girls, that will neither hear what their teachers say, nor with reverence hear their, parents' word and with delight obey, can be sent to a private reformatory, on a family application to a judge in chamber," On arriving, the inmate really finds all the comforts of a home in a certain sense. If she be rich, a room to herself, a sewing-machine, drawing materials, all essentials of a healthy nature ; but she has oo other society for a certain period but the nutss who teach her religion Jld common sense at the same time. These accessories in due course tell; and many girls thus re formed have turned out excellent wlves# In the coming picture-show two very super rior paintings are entered, and that have been executed by a ward oi the reformatory. The neoessity to incarcerate a young crea ture ever leaves its mark on her reputation, oo matter how secretly, the matter may be concealed, The great object on a girl's quitting the institution i3 to be married off as quickly as possible, which finds no diffi- -culty, as she has ever a good fortune or dot , and generally emigrates with her hftcb&nd.; Yery few Frenchmen emigrate. Parents like to have their children about them, and S3 refuse consent to all candidates destined co try their fortune in " fresh woods and pastures new j" and if any are courageous enough to brave the separation, it is an au revoir , not an adieu. It is calculated chat not 1 per cent, of the mcdest emigre- ion from France every year represents a lady belonging to th8 comfortable middle classes — a fact that may ia a large measure be attributed, o, the officers on colonial duty remaining persist «=v iy bachelors, de spite the drawbtcfes of such a life, if one is to believe statistics — tendencies to prema ture death, Buicide, robberies, and murder. Calking about marriages, foreigners resident in Paris seem to relatively embark in matri mony more largely than natives, and the Americans are most courageous of all. A Fifth Avenue belle haB caught a youag duo. who, in addition to being owner of a title dating from the Crusades, is very rich ; oofch are millionaires, ro that love ought not to fly out of the window. It is very rare for an Amerzcaine to make such a catch, ae the money ia generally on the bride 's side, and the sans terre on tbe husband's. These international unions are chiefly limited to '.be American fair sex. Very rare indeed is it to find an American gentleman marry- mg a French lady. Here these unions are n-.»s at all popular, for if politics separate families, introduciog the foreign element ;ot)tribateo atill more to do so. The msricau colony coutino,eg to bs the life of Paris, Mrs, Mackay, of silver mine noto riety, being the accepted queen ; all she can do, she cannot run in debt, and the bast compliment to her wealth is, that she re ceives more begging letters than the Houhschilds ; the next famous individual being similarly honoured is the ex Queen of Spain— anything but rich/ but proverbial for her generosity. - A class of evening entertainments called " Musicales," h now becrmtcg general ; ifc consists of professional singer, proprietors of marionuettes, and performers capable of "taking off," ia dress and speech, public characters of both sexes ; ifc ia gay, fcu-fc eosfcly ; a buffet sapper suc ceeds. The weather is horrible ; it ought co be included in the ccmminaiion service, where ladies can express ia an orthodox manner a pent-up indignation; ro chanc? to display noveity ia dre?s. no uierrv sun shine to exiiib t colours ; a northern wind grips us as firmly as ths Nihilists do Russia ; and if relaxed, only to place us afc the mercy of hailstones that no inf. mars e com pany anticipated, or crops of cold, clammy rain, thafc fall on your iac-3 like a sod dec sponge ; and notwithstanding many era not discouraged to make annual arrangements for the seaside, where cottages are rented as in the best of years, aud rooms engaged as if we were certain of meteorological tran quility, Parties go in "flocks," and this year they will migrate to au unexplored coastline of Brittany, while others will pitch their easels at Grez, the other side of Fon- cainebleau. Business people must do as well as they can in snug villa residences round the capital, and in August remain contented with a ran to the seaside in the train des Maris from Saturday till Monday, toeojoy the day that comes between, so prized by " Sally in onr Alley." It is also a busy moment for dealers in old curiosities, They purchase quantities of manufactured antiquities, distribute them among the Nor- mand sea-side peasantry, then, when the gulls arrive, invite them to come and pur chase themselves the " finds." A great deal of money is to be made by this trick. The most numerous shops, and representing the most lucrative businesses, are those dealing in objets d'art and their cousin - german brio-a-brao. What's a house now-a-days if it be not stuffed with old lumber? Not only does Franoe glut the market by these goods, but Spain and Italy also. Even England lately has forwarded carved fnrni- ture, dating, if not from the age of the Two Roses, at least from Wardcur street ; and America only refrains from the business . as she has her hands fall of exportations in corn, canned provisions, sewing machines, and fanners' implements. The Chinese and Japanese have overstocked the land with vases and knick-knacks. One dealer sells a cariosity as a bargain, and nnique in its ways ; later, a second friend offers a dozen of the same varieties, and a third proposes to take the original article for a nominal sum. There were many " removals " last quarter-day from the suburbs into Paris Several friends of mine— foreigners— who had taken houses all the year round, declare a bush life, a farm in Caledonia, within sight of a Can&que; oamp, ig animation and ohcerlaUkws as compared with the leadea loneliness in the environs of the oity during winter. The French desert the earliest In the season, and return the latest, and yon become a kind of lone star. Now, Paris, from many years'' experience, is most enjoy able by fixing head-qnuarters in the city, and mfeing tonrs from time to time, as time and purse permit. The forests runnd tbe city are admirable. Clan! art is nature itself. Then there is Mendon, Versailles. St, Ger main, Bougivai. A breakfast in o£<? locality, a sfcroll across the forest to dine iu another, , that's the way for sojourners to pasB a sum mer here. Then the " Tourisce" is at one'ff disposal, that will steam holiday-makers down to St. Germain, supplying good music, and an excellent d6jeun6r on deck, you re turning to town by rail. Small- pox is so rife in Paris, that some-' thing like a decree has gone forth that all the world must be vaccinated, I visited one of the chief lysees a few days ago, where 600 pupils were preparing to be vaccinated. In the grand reception-room was a ittiie cow held by a peasant, from which several doctors took the pock for their iants, la young -ladies' boarding-schools the S»Q1€ preventive measures are adopted, only the leg, sot .the arm, is vaccinated. This is trying, after ths severe Lenten sermons of tbe Revi'pGre MousslM, who has frightened many ladies by his terrlbl.9 descriptions of place where the wicked gc. He might equal the celebrate. Bridame, whose sermons startled Louis XIV, and, as a matter of course, his courtiers — by as suring them no one could enter P srsdibi? itt a a ach and four. But there ate tortures als«7 in this world, which the reported death of Mme, Mcsard illustrates. 1 his lsdy was 3oa\e years ago the glass of fashion. Possessing Ghuloas wealth, she expended it fabulously, and all she demanded was that the public would look at her. She was thus a tapageuse, and the spectators at race courses and the theatres used to levsl glasses at her equipages and Soils! tee. Smelling a bouquet of whit® Uric, an insect, it ia supposed, stung her. She bsowne blind in consequence, and this preyed on her mind. One evening Bhe dashed, every thing on ike dinaer-fcable about, crush ing some pet birds to death, and had to be sent to the principal lunatic asylum, where her sufferings have just ended. I have been reading lately tbe memoir® of a lady, who boasts that she knew the Countess of Bles- eiogton intimately, and shows it by stating she was "the mother- in-law of the Com te d'Orsay 1" She atones for the blunder by relating a contest between the celebrated basbleu&nd; Alfred dc Vigny, respecting a defi nition of " style." He took a scarf pin, having for head a fly; 4 th® tetter separate was merely an insect, but mounted ifc became a jewel." It appears red hair, sacred to Jaao, ia no longer fashionable, nor blonde either ; brown is fchefavourite, and said to have been dear to Minerva. Only think of Bismarck dealing with chignons. He is to tax im ported hair, so that If ©fchsr States follow his example, we must invite America to "end ua the " soap- root" substitni, which is capital, if the wearer keeps out bt reach of horses' teeth. Ths city is swarming w?fch picture shows, belonging to several schools, at d ro ccnoo'.B at all ; but the exhibition iu t':.3 Palace of Industry will liraVO an innova tion this year — the use of the electric light, and so improved that ladies will not resemble Hamlet's or Don Giovanui's ghosts. May is not fay any msaos marry, yet juv® niie parties were celebrated nut the lets in fits honour. The invitations are issued to come at 3 and depart at 8, so as to allow ppas and mammas to enjoy dinner. A Majr-pola is erected ia fche drawingroom, and the youngest lady of the family giving the soiree is selected queen, led, crowned with fl jwers into fche room, and seated on a baak of nodding violets beneath fche pole. She has lords and isdie3 in waiting, distributes favours, selects partners for dances, and chilis upon subjects fco recite poetry, sing, or olsy the piano. A cake its out by her mij'is-y, and whoever finds the nag will Uc a bride — if lives well into her teens. The only difference between positive winter &ad; absent spring ia that, instead of furs, ci&htnare; shawls are worn. It is ibe general wrap for carriage, dining, and There never was a time when lace, muslin, and cans were so much employed as a-fc precent, Juponc seem fco fee only a ckud of these materials. The same is fco be observed of cravats and frills. As a set off, pocket- handkerchiefs never were smaller ; ifc is pru dent to economise in something, and all that is necessary is to ensure that a corner of ifc peeps cut of pocket. Spring CGsfcumee — visible only in shop windows — are in the lightest of muBlins, with white embroidery and Brittany lace. Street dresses are short, bat toilette robes are long, the prinoesse train, it is needless to say, and the inevitable panier composed of graeeful folding at the s.des. There is an underground discontent at the size of the bonnet; it is too bold defiant, and makes ladies of taste hold on by some form of capote— the Empire shape as pretty as any ; the Direotoire hat is all one colour ; the capoteB are simple and varied. The trimming consists of all sorts of flowers, up even tothistles and dates, withasprinklini of steel ornaments, birds, and insects. The material ht , faille, satin, gurnet, crape. Moummg dresses are loaded with jet, anda special wild kind of bead work called cmaque fringe. At dinners, each lady fe»ds ?s to j?? U/ placed where she is to sit, and, in some — — nan.u h»w their photograph, to 8 their position. There is as much inde pendence and variety in mantles as L 1 bcottef11® V111? needf to observe figure ThU8 What 8uits the wearer's aU If is some excitement, net at f aiming kind, about signing petitions please the olergy, bat ladies do not give much attention to the matteti aware > their husbands or fathers dislike their / ; .. scooping to things they do not under- r \ stand. The Rev. M, Loyson.has made snch progress with his , petitioned the -mem&eteeXTRarimttrenfc; to rapk him like other paid by the nation. He bto - 4 T - a sect, and may become movement yek I hate omttibnstei one has only Hotopa's choice, eo thelitis a«reabie,Wlremta|er,ba»w / nJovatL «o th»vyo»r drea» Fill never be room Uft for riWng down, French travellers arc not at ail polite, and the gallantry of the model ' Ganls can be judged by any tram-car, whet delicate women are left standing, whi'i. robust men look at them from comfortable seats inside. Another street improvement — the crossings — are a veritable middle pas sage, and what the policemen do there i- a mystery ; they seem to enjoy a blocking of the way, and leave passengers and vehicle , to get out of it aB best they can. In othe cities the handsomest policemen are said t:; be selected for aiding timid ladies to cros the line of the vehicles. The Republic, as M. Gambetta admits, has not the ladies ot its si.de — no wonder, if it treats us so in the- " capital of light." Perhaps when M. Gam betta is married, an event that so mam politicians are endeavouring to bring about, matters may be ameliorated — but 44 Barki- is not willinV A great treat is reserved for the admirers of the well of English undefiled; a company of Frenchmen speaking English are to "do " Shakspere. Rest assured they will, and astonish the shade of even the di vine William himself. 