MISSION TO THE WHOLE WORLD. HEATHEN for the consideration of all who pray "Thy kingdom come." BY D. MARSHALL. The immediate evangelisation of the world would do more to promote the happiness andwell-being of mankind than the solution -of all existing political, financial, or scientific questions, for itIB the reception of the Gospel of God that destroys in man the cruel dominance of hatred, impurity, and selfishness, and substitutes, the joyful and beneficent reign of righteousness, love, and public spirit. As, by the good providence of God, doors are now open for us into nearly every part of the earth, it is a question whether the time has not come in which it would be practicable for some Christian men of statesmanlike and organising capacity to prepare a feasible plan for a Special Evangelising Mission to the whole heathen world—say a three years' mission. . Travelling being now so greatly facilitated, it would certainly be possible to visit almost every tribe on the earth, and, if the Christians throughout the world were appealed to, a sufficient number of voluntary agents might be found to give, without salary, either one, or two, or three years' labour. Some might also be able to pay their own expenses but as many could not, a fund might be raised;» defray travelling expenses, purchase Scriptures fo circulation, medicines, &c.; Such a Mission, preaching Christ only, and interfering with no ecclesiastical questions, would help the work of all our Missionary organisations, whose co- operation it would seek, and whose further progress it would pioneer, and might expect the goodwill and countenance of Christians of all denominations, and of the best men of every nation. It would be no small collateral advantage to have the Christian Church throughout the world avowedly and evidently engaged in a common enterprise; and probably the attention of many in nominally Christian lands would be drawn to the power and importance of th« Gospel of God when it was known that among the multitudes who would feel it a privilege to endorse and further its proclamation, so many men in every walk of life, and of varying nationalities, foremost in intelligence, culture, and moral worth, not only themselves personally receive it, but also were united in recognising it as the great remedy for moral evil among men. To make it quite evident that the object of the preachers was neither political nor ecclesiastical, but solely to promote the glory of God and the well-being of men, some such a summary of their message as the following might be printed in all languages for distribution among peoples and rulers:— 1.—The Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God and the Son of Man, is alive and present, Allseeing, All-hearing, and Almighty. 2.—He is infinitely pure, gracious, loving and compassionate. 3.—He once died to put away our 6ins, and lives to freely pardon and deliver. 4.—He can relieve any man from a guilty conscience, and any other burden. 5 . He can free men from the dominion of any and every vice, crime, and sin, and from the slavery of drink, opium, &c.; 6.—Upon all who will give themselves up, soul and body, to Him, He will bestow the Holy Spirit that they may be filled with love, joy, purity, and goodness. 7.—HewiL „„ will do these " things at once for those who will renounce all their sins, and entrust themselves to Him. 8.—God invites and commands every hearer to receive this Gospel of Christ, and to make it known to all around. The messengers of these glad tidings might be men or women, the qualifications absolutely necessary being, (1) That they should be able from their own personal experience to bear unequivocal testimony to Christ's power to do these things; aud, (2) that for wisdom and strength for their work they should be continuously trusting iu the Lord Je6us, as the "Baptiser with the Holy Ghost," for that indispensable anointing. It would, of course, be a great advantage if all the missionaries obtained some medical knowledge, and carried with them some of the remedies most useful in the several localities they were to visit, as " healing the sick" not only confers direct benefit, but frequently opens the way for the missionaiy by furnishing an easily understood evidence of his good will- It could be explained to all chiefs, rulers, and "magistrates in heathen lands that it would be greatly to their advantage to promote the objects of the Mission, as the people who receive Christ abandon murder, theft, sedition, drunkenness, and all practices and principles opposed to the welfare of individuals and communities, and therefore necessarily become better men and better subjects. It might be advantageous if expressions of approval of the objects of the Mission were elicited from potentates and notables who sympathised with it, both in the countries from which the preachers came and to which they went. Finally, is it not important that all who love the kingdom of God Bhould pray perseveringly and definitely that the Church universal should be awakened to consecration of themselves to God, and to their privilege and duty of « asking and receiving" that promised infilling of the Spirit which will fit them for their divine mission of exhibiting the character and moral glory of Christ, and preaching His Gospel to the world ? . O that Christians everywhere may place themselves, their talents, and their wealth at the disposal of God, each with the earnest prayer," Lord, what wilt Thou have me to do and be, that I may further Thine own purposes in the earth P" 192 Oxford-street, London, W. January, 187.'. It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after your own; but the great man id he who, in the midst of the crowd, keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of Bolilude.— Emerson 