ADELAIDE CORPORATION. MEETING OF THE CITY COUNCIL. Tuesday, Januaey 7. Present—Hi3 "Worship tiie mayor ana an tne Councillors excepting Cr. Anderson, who apolo gised for his absence. During the first half hour Cr. Hagedorn presided, His Worship the Mayor being absent. THE MCAETIITJE DEMONSTRATION. Cr. Hap ha i;l moved that the Council at its rising adjourn till jhalf-past 2 o'clock on the next day in order that he might make a per sonal explanation. The Advertiser of that day contained a paragraph, stating that Cr. Raphael was absent from the picnic given to Alderman McArthurfrom "some unaccountable reason," and he had been annoyed by electors in Grey Ward wanting to know the reason oE his absence, and he thought it was also due to the Council that it should know the reason which kept him away both from the picnic and the banquet in the evening. The Mayor, in reply to a question put to him (Cr. Raphael) on the previous day, as to where the funds were to come from for the drag and the banquet, said from the citizens' rates, and he (Cr. Raphael) immediately said that he would be no party to an expenditure of that kind; and that he would have to be excused from attending. He hoped the Mayor would not be offended at his absence, but lie could not consistently attend a demonstration of that character when he knew that it was provided at the citizens' expense. They had voted the Mayor a salary to cover hospitalities of this character, and if the amount was not sufficiently largo he was sure the Council would grant any vote required by His Worship to meet an excess. He considered that to pay for this demonstration out of the citizens' funds was a misappropriation of the citizens' funds . Cr. Jones hardly thought that what Cr. Raphael was now saying came under the head of a personal explanation. Cr. Raphael was now making charges against'other persons. Cr. Raphael said he was making no charge against other persons, and _he was sur prised at Cr. Jones saying he had. He desired that the public should know the reason of his. staying away. Cr. Jones—That is all we want; confine yourself to that. Cr. Raphael—I am not interfering with you. If you are suffering I cannot help it. I believe that it is a wrong thing that the 'citizens' rates should go for guzzling . Cr. Beooks—I rise to a point of order. Cr. Raphael — What is your point of order ? The Chair man (Cr. Hagedorn j — Order, Cr. Raphael. Cr. Raphael—I want to know what his point of order is. State it. Cr. Beooks—I will. It is that we have no report from the Committee on the subject of the banquet, and the matter is not before us. Cr. Raphael—Is that a point of order ? The Chairman said he understood Cr. Raphael intended to make a personal explana tion, and he hoped he would confine himself to that. Or. Jones—Cr. Raphael has accused the Councillors of going in for guzzling, and I ask you, Mr. Chairman, to ask him to retract that. Myself and others did not go in for guzzling— indeed I was very unwell. (Laughter.) Cr, Richardson—Is he rising to a point of order? Cr. Raphael—I am addressing you, Mr. Chair man. Th8 Chairman—You had better with draw the charge of " guzzling." Cr. Raphael — I am not charging those gentlemen with guzzling—("Yes, yes") — I merely 6aid we should not appropriate the citizens' rates for guzzling. That is not a charge. Cr. Beooks—I say we have nothing before us to show that theie has been any misappropriating of the funds. The Town Clebk—Or. Raphael's remarks 'are going beyond a personal explana tion. The question before the Council is the motion for an adjournment. Or. Raphael said he had a right to make an explanation. The Mayor told him that the banquet was to be a charge on the citizens on the revenue of the city, and that was his reason for keeping away from the whole affair on the previous day. Why should he not, when Cr. Madge came back from England, call for a banquet in his honor, to be paid for out of the city funds, seeing that—— • (Cr. Jones—This is very irrelevant, Mr.~Chairman. The Town Clerk —Or. Raphael cannot discuss such a matter uuder the present motion, Mr. Chairman. The Chairman—I think you have sufficiently explained the matter, Mr. Raphael. Cr. Raphael—I feel satisfied, as I have done my utmost to see that the rights of my constituents have not been infringed. My constituents think that their money should not be expended . Cr. Brooks—There is no question of money before us. Cr. Raphael— If I were to continually rise like Cr. Erooks for nothing at all, I should be out of order. He thinks to take the wind out of my sails. As long as the Press do me justice to show that;I was looking after the interests of my constituents I shall rest quiet, and any gentleman who assisted at the proceedings yesterday did it on his own hook. Cr. Gilbert seconded, and said all he had to add to what Cr. Raphael said was that they in general Council agreed to a certain course of action, and Crs. Raphael and Richardson agreed with them—(Cr. Raphael: "Never, never)— He never disturbed Cr. Raphael when speaking, and he hoped that gentleman would extend a similar courtesy to him. Crs. Raphael and Richardson agreed to place the matter of the reception of Alderman McArthur in the hands of the Chairman of Committees and the Mayor —(Cr, Raphael: " No")—and having done this it was very ungenerous for Cr. Raphael to come there that day and endeavor to throw the onus on the other Councillors. He was trying to put them in a false position, and . The Town Clerk—This is ont of order. The motion is one for an adjournment and has nothing to do with the action of Crs. Raphael and Richard son yesterday. Cr. Gilbert appealed to the Chairman on the ground .of common right. Having allowed one Councillor to deal'with this matter he should allow another Councillor to deal with it. Cr. Raphael—Mr. Chairman, you should use your own discretion. The Chairman—I think . Cr. Gilbert—I'll sit down if I'm not allowed to speak. Cr. Richardson—I would like . Cr. Jones— He is out of order, Mr. Chairman. Cr. Richardson—I am personally concerned in this matter. Cr. Jones—He is out of order. Cr. Richardson— I rise on a question of personal explanation. (Order.) The Chairman—I cannot have any further discussion on the motion, which is simply one for adjournment. Cr. Richardson—You are treating me un fairly. The Chairman—No, I am not. The motion was then put and lost. QUESTIONS. The Chairman, in answer to Cr. Brooks,said fourteen reports only were received in the Cor poration office with reference to unregistered dogs up to January 4. Eleven of these were laid on the 24th December, but could not be heard till January 7. Three others- were laid on January 2, to be heard on the 9th. On January 6 Mr. Durieu handed in. twenty-one more. In reply to Cr. Jones, the Chairman said the Tramway Company paid for watering that part of the street in which tramway lines were situated. Cr. Jones—At the present rate of progress, what time after the year 1900 will the survey of tLe city be finished? The Chair man—That is a question which cannot be answered without notice. (Laughtes.) Cr. Raphael—Can any citizen name a street as he likes ?—because there are at present six George streets. The Chairman—No. HEALTH OF THE CITY. The following letter was read from Dr. "Way, Officer of Health:—'' The approach of the hot weather forces upon our notice the present: unsatisfactory condition of our watertables. Sonne time ago I suggested that a trial should he made with certain deodorising agents for the purpose of preventing the disagreeable and unhealthy smells that arise from them. Some delay occurred in carrying out these experi ments, chiefly from the unsettled state of the weather at the time, but for some weeks past several offensive watertables have been treated by the application of powdered quicklime to their surface after being scavenged, and- the result has been highly satisfactory. The pre sent condition of many of our street gutters may be attributed to these principal uses:— First, to impure matter being allowed to flow into them from the back yards of houses; second, to their imperfect construction; and third, to insufficient scavenging. The .culverts may very properly be condemned as an additional cause, for they retain much foul . matter and their surface can never be properly cleansed. Greater care and more close in spection may possibly prevent much of the evil arising frcm the first cause, although it is difficult to explain liow our household waste water with our present want of drainage is otherwise to be disposed of. With respect to the second cause, a great improvement is now observed in the construction of new water tabling. It is made watertight and impervious, thus preventing soakage into the soil beneath, and the surface being smooth less resistance is. offered to the flow of the contents. In the old and faulty ones the drains them selves and the subjacent soil are so charged with putrid, matter that no amount cf sweeping will render them free from smell; in fact, the very use of the broom seems to intensify the stink ing odours arising from them. It is in these that the_ quicklime is so useful and efficacious iu cleansing and sweetening the drains and in preventing the smell, and in all such I strongly recommend that its use be adopted. With respect to tne tnira cause, it is omy too mani fest that the scavenging as at present carried out is altogether inadequate to the' wants of the city. Household refuse should be collected and removed every day instead of being stored up for the weekly visit of the scavenger, and the watertables should be cleansed, as suggested by your Worship, not less often than three times in a week. Many receive attention only once, and where the streets are very level the fluid matter flows so slowly or stagnates altogether that the gutters quickly become green and stinking, offensive to both senses alike and not less dangerous to health. It is to be hoped that the Council will sanction the additional expenditure required to carry out these suggested improvements. If the experiment be made during the summer months only, when the need is the greatest, the expense will be comparatively little, but the comfort and benefit to the public great; and if no im provement is then manifest it will not be difficult to fall back upon our present unsatis factory arrangements." Cr. Hxne disagreed with the use of quicklime, and also said many of the- inverts were a greater nuiFancethan the culverts. Cr. Claxton ob served that he had such a taste of the smells of King William-street on the previous evening as he never wished repeated. The stinks of Cologne were nothing to it, and he hoped the matter would be attended to by the Sanitary IuFpectors. Cr. Hollaed thought something else could be substituted for quicklime, and that the Health Inspectors should not be confined in their duties to the daytime, as a good deal more might be discovered in the night than in the day. Some discretion should be given the In spectors, so that they could go about at night as well as in the daytime. Cr. Brooks gave the Health Committee an invitation to his place on East Terrace at half-past 7 o'clock on Saturday morning. (Cr. Jones—" Champagne.") He didn't care what they had—coffee royal, if they liked it. (Laughter;) The stench which came from the drains when being cleaned out was fearful. Cr. Raphael said they did not require to go to the Staglnn to find out the bad odors. The Health Officers were doing their duty. The city had gone on for forty-two years without serious epidemic, and they could go on till the Government came to their rescue. They could not do better than send this matter to the Health Committee, " hoping they would deal that amount of justice to the case which its urgency demanded." His Worship, who had just entered the Council, apologised for his absence, due to his having forgotten the hour of meeting, and then said the Council in their journey to the West-terrace nuisance, men tioned the other day, found it quite as bad as re presented. It was a crying nuisance, but oue that the City Surveyor had before their journey taken steps to deal with. He would ask the Health Committee to get all the watertables swept twice a week. It was impossible to keep the city in good health unless that were done, and if more labor were required the money would be well expended. As to a Night Inspector,1 one might be appointed, but that ivas a matter for the Council. The report was referred to the Health Committee. , CORRESPONDENCE. From the Commissioner of Crown Lands, for warding the reply of the Earl of Beaconsfield to the address of congratulation sent to him. From the Prefect of the Seine, Paris, thank ing the Council for forwarding a copy of Mr. Worsnop's " History of Adelaide," and stating that a number of the Municipal publications of Paris been -forwarded to this Council. To be acknowledged with thanks. SUSPENSION OF STANDING ORDERS. . Cr. Jones moved for a suspension of the Standing Orders to allow the Committees' re? ports to bo taken. This was agreed to. 1THANCE COMhWtEE's EEDORT. ., .... Beceiptsi £427 13s. 5d.-;-payments, £1,929 9s. Balance due Bank, £7,976 5s. lid. Street-"Watering Bates.—Hindley-street—Be tween Morpbett-street and King "William-street, at rate of lOd. per lineal foot frontage. Bundle street—Between East-terrace and King "Wil liam-street, lOd. North-terrace—From Pulte ney-street to King William-street, 10d. Gren fell-street—From Gawler- place and Freeman street to King AVilliam-street, Is. 2d. Gawler place and Freeman-street—From Bundle-street to Pirie-street, 8d. King William- street—From.' Nortli-terrace to Victoria-square. Is. 8d. AVay moutk- street—From 200 feet west of King AVilliam-street to King AVilliam-street, lOd. Currie-street — From Bosina-street to King AVilliam-street, Is. 2d. O'Connell-street—From Brougham-place to and inclusive of the eastern frontages of Acres 944 and 945, Barton-terrace, Is. 2d. Leigh-street—From Hindley-street to Currie-street, 8d. Adopted. HEALTH COMMITTEE'S DEPORT. Cohen's Premises, King AVilliam and Hind ley streets.—Health Officer to notify owner and occupiers of these premises to provide addi tional closet accommodation. Notices to Abate Nuisances.—Health Officer to issue final notice upon Mr. B. Baphael to abate nuisance otf Barton-terrace. York-lane, Hornabrook's Premises —Permis sion granted to Mr. Hornabrook to connect pipe-drain for clear water only from his premises in York-lane with sewer in Pulteney street. Drains, West Park Lands.—Work done by Surveyor to remedy the nuisance complained of will effectually serve this purpose when completed. Adopted. PUBLIC WORKS COMMITTEE'S REPORT. Scavenging Hindmarsh AArard.—Surveyor to continue arrangements for scavenging for one month longer. Hurtle-square.—Bectification of fence of this square remitted to Councillors for AYard. Bailway Accommodation Bridge, North terrace.—Town Clerk to request Government to have repairs needed at this bridge completed at once. Biver Torrens.—Park Lands Banger to close roads giving access to river from Frome Bridge to City Slaughterhouse. Biver Torrens, Town Clerk's Keport.—Com mittee recommended suggestions contained in this report be adopted and acted upon as soon as necessary arrangements can be completed. Cricket Clubs.—Permission granted to fol lowing Clubs to play on Park Lands on usual terms:—AVest Torrens, West Park Lands; Esses, South do.; United Stars, East do.; Central, South do.; Star of Hope, North do.; St. Paul's, South do. Street-sweepings. —Surveyor to deposit street sweepings on Park Lands; Park Lauds Gar dener to see that they are at once sprcad out. Stone for Kerbing.—Surveyor be instructed to visit several localities within reasonable dis tance of town in order to ascertain whether a better class of stone suitable for this kind of work cannot be obtained at a price within means of Corporation. Hindmarsh-square Tramway Curve.—Ade laide and Suburban Tramway Company allowed permission to improve very awkward and dan gerous curve at north-western corner of this square. Adopted. SPECIAL COMMITTEE MEETING REPORT. Present—The R.W. the Mayor (presiding), Crs. King, Holland, and Hagedorn, and the Town Clerk, Alderman McArthur.—Your Committee de cided to entertain this gentleman at an official banquet, to which the Judges of the Supreme Court, the Ministry, the members for the City, past Mayors, and Heads of Departments should be invited. Also, in the earlier part of the day, in company with the Mayor and Council, to proceed in suitable vehicles to Mount Lofty, in order to give Mr. McArthur an idea of the beauty of the city and its surroundings. It was explained that this report was pre sented to the Council for recaption not adoption that day. Cr. Raphael asked why the citizens' money had been appropriated to fete Alderman McArthur ? His Worship said the motion for the appointment of the Committee was carried by the Council without a dissentient voice, and the report of the Committee was now before them. Cr. Raphael—I dissented from it. His Worship—The report was carried without a dissentient. Your hand was not held up against it. Cr. Raphael—I say it was, so was Cr. Richardson's. His Worship—Order. COUNCILLOR RAPHAEL. Cr. Claxton rose to propose a motion. (Cr. Raphael—What is it ?) He had been disgusted and annoyed extremely with a man who had been Eeut into that Council, and who had behaved in a manner which would disgust Cr. Raphael — Is this proper language'!* is it courteous ? Cr. Gilbert—Courteous ! (Laughter.) His Worship—I was about to say that it was out of order. Cr. Raphael—Is Cr. Claxton proposing a motion ? His Worship—Yes; a motion moved by Cr. Claxton, and seconded by Cr. Jones, has been handed to me, and it is—" That this meet ing do now adjourn, and that all further busi ness of the Council be delegated to a Com mittee, such Committee to meet in a quarter of an hour hence,and to consist of Crs.Hagedorn, Gilbert, Hammond, Jones, Brooks, Hyne, King Richardson, Anderson, Claxton, and Holland." Or. Richardson—That is a mast invidious motion. Cr. Claxton—I don't want to create any further disturbance. I have heard of this matter not in one place, but in twenty; audi hare also heard Cr. Jones—I would call your Worship's attention to the fact that Cr. Claxton is quite out of order. Let him hear what the others have to say, and then he will *| have the right of reply. This course was agreed to. Cr. Richardson—I will move as an amend ment—"That all the Councillors he a Com mittee to carry on the business." I don't want to see any part of the city disfranchised. There are fairer means of bringing any Councillor to his senses than this. (Cr. Claxton—"No." Cr. Raphael—"Yes." His Worship—"Order.") It is an easy matter toappealto the Standing Outers, and carry them out as printed. There is, we know, the power of fining—(oh! and laughter)— and although if the fine were inflicted it would not probably be paid, it would make the Councillor mend his manners; but to direct an effort of this kind to any one, two, or three Councillors specially is wrong. " If two or three break the rules they should be proceeded against in the proper manner under the Standing Orders, but to shut out one or two or three members from the deliberations of the Council is an insult to the constituencies they represent. (Cr. Claxton—"We cannot help that") Cr. Hammond—I second the amendment. The first feature the moiion presents to me is that it is a cowardly action. However humble we as Councillors may be, however low our ordei'_ of intellect, I look upon every man as being actuated by an honesty of purpose; I look upon every one as an honorable man —(oh, and laughter)—till I find him otherwise. I look .upon Cr. Raphael as an honorable man, and shall believe him to be such till I hear something to the contrary. We should bear and forbear. 1' admit, however, that if he wishes to be of use to bis ward and to the city he should restrain his impetuosity. Cr. Gilbert—I support the mot'on, and I do it publicly. What I do I do openly and before men's faces, and I say there is nothing shuffling in this. (Hear, hear.) If Cr. Hammond had had the experience that I have had during the past twelve months he would not take two minutes to. consider his action to-day. Our course of actien has been continually obstructed during the past twelve months by Or. Raphael. We may differ as to the right course of action. (Cr. Raphael here interrupted, and was called to order.) I have no personal feeling towards Cr. Raphael—(Cr. Raphael—" Oh, oh")—but I have a public feeliDg againsthim. (Cr. Raphael —"'Oh, oh;" His Worship—"Order.") Has he not continually obstructed us and wasted our time ? (Cr. Raphael—" Hear, hear.") Not on public subjects, but on personalities. (Cr. Raphael—"Oh,oh.") Anyone who has been here will corroborate my statement. (Hear, hear.) There .is nothing behindhand in this matter. I wouid be the last to disfranchise any ward, and would scorn to be a Councillor if I did not consider one ward as much as another. (Cr. Raphael—" Oh, oh.") I defy Mr. Raphael to say the contrary. I have done nothing to oppose the interests of the city at large. (Cr. Raphael—"Oh.") I have taken a public course. (Cr. Raphael—" Oh.") As to what Cr. Raphael has said about spending money he should allow others to take another platform— (Cr. Raphael—"No")—and we have a right to be credited with as much public- spiritedness as he has. (Cr. Raphael—" No.") I wiBh it to be known that Cr. Raphael's action has not been for the interest of the city, but for his own personal interest. (Hear, hear.) Cr.Raphael—Now then,I have aright. His Worship—Cr. Raphael Cr. Raphael—I shall ask that those words be taken down. His Woeship—I was on the point of saying that I must ask Cr. Gilbert to withdraw those words. Cr. Gilbert—I withdraw the words if they are out of order. Cr. Raphael—If ! I will have no equivocation in.this matter. His Worship— The words are withdrawn. Cr. Gilbert—I wish Cr.' Raphael would grant to others what he wants himself; if hefjwould not^ deal in per sonalities I would not. In supporting the pre sent motion my object is to put things on a proper basis.' I do not wish to say anything , that is not ip, accordance with the rules of th Coufleil. My case is that Or. Raphael's course of action in the past is quite sufficient to warrant us in the present motion. (Hear, hear.) It has been so obstructive that _we have no alternative but to carry out the motion, before us. (Hear, hear.) I wish in the future to do business without that bad feeling that has been exhibited in the past. It was all very well for Councillor Hammond to say that we should bear and forbear, but we have tried it and have found that it won't work, and the only thing is to exclude Cr. .Raphael as far as we can. (Cr. Raphael—" Oh! oh! oh !") I can lay before the Council specific cases where Cr. Raphael's action has been detrimental to' the city at large; and in dealing with him I do not wish to injure Grey Ward, but if that Ward.will insist in sending such a Councillor—— Cr. Raphael—" Is that in order ?" (The Councillor began to launch out into a furious speech.) His Worship—I will ask you to take your seat. Cr. Raphael still continuing to talk —His Worship—If you will not take your seat I must call upon the Council to support me. Cr. Raphael—I was in my seat long ago. Cr. Richardson called attention to the Standing Orders, and said it was highly disorderly to make personal reflections on a Councillor. His Worship—I don't consider that Cr. Gilbert has made any reflection. Cr. Raphael—"If Grey Ward will persist in sending in such a Councillor!" His Worship —If you dispute my ruling I will put it to the Council. As far as I have heard there has been no imputation of motives to Cr. Raphael. Cr. Gilbert is perfectly in order. Cr.GiLBEUT—I have no feeling against Grey Ward. If the Coun cillors felt that I was so obstructive that it would be to their interest to deal with me in this way by keeping me out of the business, I could not complain— (Cr. Raphael—" Oh.") That is the position I take. Or. Raphael— " Oh." His Worship called Cr. Raphael to order. Cr. Raphael — I can say " Oh" and " No." His Worship—I must not have these continual interjections. Cr. Gilbert— I would not say anything to obstruct Councillor Raphael more than any other Councillor, but I would ask if a Councillor continually obstructs our business have we no power to deal with him? (Cr. Raphael—"No.") His Worship— I must ask you, Cr. Raphael, to keep order. Cr. Raphael—You are doing me an injustice. Others are interrupting as well as I am. His Worship—I must call upon the Council to sup port me. (Hear, hear, and cries of " Order.") Cr. Raphael—Put it all on me; never notice any one else. Cr. Gilbert—However Coun cillors act in this matter I shall think no worse of them. If Cr. Raphael would only abide by the Standing Ordors I would hold- up both hands to retain him, but we- have- tried that before and it has been useless. Our time has been wasted, the business has been obstructed, and ill-feeling has been created when we might have done the work, been good friends, and acted for the best interests of the city. If Cr. Hammond had suggested any other course than this what he called hole and-corner . Cr. Hammond—I never said that. Gr. Claxton •—Cowardly. Cr. Hammond—I said it was cowardly because I did not understand it. Cr. Gilbert—If he had suggested any other course which would have brought Cr. Raphael to a proper state of mind, I would have supported it. Cr. Richardson—Standing Orders 32 aud 33 provide a way of dealing with such a matter. His Worship—I don't see that these deal with the matter. Cr. Hyne — I support the amendment. I consider that one of the Councillors has been made the butt of the whole Council. Others may say "No" and " Yes," but as soon as Or. Raphael gets up His Worship—Yon are out of order. Cr. Hyne—If I am, we all are. His Worship—ThequeBtionis not Cr. Raphael's conduct, but whether the Committee should consist of the members mentioned or the whole Council. Cr. Hyne—I don't see how we can speak without referring to one of the Council lors. Cr. Gilbert for the last quarter of an hour has been referring to that Councillor, and why should not I ?' As long as I have been in the Council I have not seen that Cr. Raphael has been in any way obstructive. He may disagree with other Councillors, but it: is the newspapers that have charged him with being obstructive. (Laughter.) There has been nothing obstructive in his action. (Cr. Jones—"Thatalldepends upon the wayin which you have been brought up"—laughter.) This all arises from what took place outside. (Cr. Claxton—"No.") Then you belie yourselves. Cr. Clayton—That expression should he with drawn. His Worship—Yes, Cr. Hyne—I withdraw it. This all comes out of what oc curred outside of the Council, and not inside. It is just a bit of disagreement which has turned up between Crs. King, Gilbert, and Raphael,. I and on these grounds you have no right to ex clude a Councillor from this Chamber. Cr.. King—I should not have risen but for what the last Councillor said. He says by inference that I have something to do with this. (Cr. Hyne— "No I did not." Cr. Raphael—"Hear, hear.") I hope I shall not be interrupted. (Cr. Raphael—"You interrupted others.") I have ■ said nothing more than " Hear, hear" during the whole debate. I was not aware of this matter coming forward to-day. (Cr. Raphael— "Oh, oli."; His Worship—I insist on these interjections being stopped. It is of no use Or. Raphael pointing to others. If you look at the 49th rule you will find that no member has a. | right to bold discourse or interrupt a Councillor while speaking. Your interjections are inter ruptions, and are intended to disconcert the Councillor. I don't wish to single out any Councillor unless I can help it, but I must ifisist on these interruptions being discontinued.. Cr. King—These interruptions are nothing new. (Cr. Raphael—"You are always interrupting.") I am not, and I defy the Councillor to prove it. I will stake any s um of money on it. I have not once been out of order, and I have not once been calledto order by either the late Mayor or His Worship,Mr. Buik. (Hear, hear.) Icannot be charged with the accusation which byinuendo Cr. Hyne has brought forward. I knew nothing of this motion, and have not influenced it one way or the other. I also take exception to Cr. Richardson's insinuation that I with Or.. Raphael am to blame, for this, and I am. sur prised at his audacity in making the charge. (Cr. Raphael—"Ah, is that in order?— Audacity!") Yes, it is perfectly iu order. (Hear, hear.) It is a most ungentlemanly—I will not use that expression, as it would not be iii order— (Cr. Raphael—" Hear, hear.")—but I will say that it is a most ungracious thing to. charge me with. If Cr. Richardson can charge me with being the cause of any differences I am prepared to meet it. Let him name the day on which it occurred and I will be prepared to meet it. I did manage to hear and forbear with Cr. Raphael last year, and I started this year with the same idea, but it is well known with what result. I have never spoken one word that could pain him, ana I have spoken and voted in the inte rests of the city alone. A reference to the minute-book will show that Grey Ward has had its full- share of the expenditure, and I chal lenge Cr. Raphael or Cr. Richardson to put their finger on any act of mine detrimental to their1 ward. (Hear, hear.) Cr. Hyne—I rise to explain that I did not intend to imply that Cr. King had anything to do with the present mo tion, and that it aiose from something which occurred outside the Council. Cr. Jones—It has been stated that this motion, had its origin in something which occurred yesterday. I was not there, but I believe that it arose from what I said in our own Council-room last night. I asked then if the Councillors present would sup port such a motion as this, and I asked an ex Mayor who was present if it was legal and could be carried. He said yes, so that I ought and will take all the blame on myself for the motion. Cr. Raphael—Before the motion is put I would like to say a few words. In the first place, Cr. Jones said he bad instigated this motion because he and a few other Councillors could not see eye to eye with a Councillor who had stood out for the rights of the people. Yesterday, when the drag question was on, a boisterous affair occurreain the Councillors' room, hut I have yet Jto ^learn that any action outside the Council Chamber renders me amenable to this Council. The Councillors seem to believe that I am one too many for them. I have the interests of the city at heart as well as those of Grey Ward,and it is not for one or two Councillors to oust me from a position in which I was placed by the votes of the citizens. I have served the Council for nine years; and what Cr. Claxton, who was only returned in December last, and never served the citizens before, has against me I don't know; but I have a duty to perform, and I shall fearlessly perform it. I should be sorry to say one harsh word against the Mayor, but I think the public here to-day will think that your Worship has been rather strong on me. Some of the Councillors want to disfranchise Grey Ward, and I hope my ward will take it up and show them that they have no right to do this. Why should I allow myself to he abused and threatened,to be struck down, and this motion only. arises from some thing of this sort which occured in another place. I hope your Worship will bear out my statement that I have endeavored to do my duty without disrespect or insult to your Wor ship, and I defy any Councillor to amove me. I was returned by a large number of citizens, and the law will not allow their decision to be set aside. I have yet to learn that having served the citizens for 30 years I am to be set aside at the instance of two or three Councillors, and I am ready to meetth^m on any public platform | on the«?uestion. I can promise them my Ian gttage wi'.'l not be as refined as it is now. (Hear, hear, and daughter.) I defy them to remove me. Let thvUn carry it to another tribunal aud then see where they would be. (Hear, hear.) I have a rigid to my own mind and judgment* and if I cannot be convinced as to the right of a thing I will not agree with it. The public sent me here like a ferret among a lot of rats, and if there is anything to ferret out I will find it. Cr.. King and I look at one another like' a couple of rats, or rather like a ferret and a rat. He never Bays he will punch my head or call me a dirty little man; oh no. I am not. permitted to say what occurred out side the Council, hut I will yet show them up outside. Cr. Claxton rose to order. Cr. Raphael was threatening the Mayor and Coun cil. His "Woitsiup—I certainly think there is much deviation from the subject. Cr. Raphael — I am perfectly willing to leave this matter in the hands of the Council, as I know they have not the ghost of a power to deal with it. Cr. Holland—I think this matter has arrived at a stage when the motion and amendment may very well be withdrawn. (Cr. Claxtcn— "No.")- I hope anyhow that Cr. Richard son will withdraw the amendment, as otherwise our discussions will be intermin able. I don't think, however, that the motion should be carried by this Council, as every pro vision is made to meet difficulties by the Standing Orders. (No.) I admit that Coun cillor Raphael exceeds himself sometimes, but if kept in bounds there would be nothing to blame him for. Give him rope enough—("And lie will hang himself" Laughter)—No, but he will exhaust himself. I think our point will be gained now, and that Cr. Raphael will see that he has exceeded bounds. I certainly think his language to your Worship was not such as he should use. Cr. Raphael asked if he had used aDy language which His Worship considered insulting. His Wohship—It is not so much the nature of your remarks as the loudness of your tone and the force and constancy of your ejaculations that are annoying. Or. Raphael —Have I done anything wrong? His Worship \- You have not attended to my ruling as quickly as you should. Cr. Richardson withdrew his amendment. Cr. Gilbert— Something has been said about what has taken place in another place. It is only right that if one side is stated the other should be also, and I should like to explain simply my conduct. His Worship—Nothing can be spoken of in this Council Chamber with reference to another place. Cr. Brooks said he came there to attend to the interests of his constituents and the city generally, and objected to wasting time. Cr. Raphael was constantly in the habit of speaking against time, and if this motion were carried it would be a warning to Cr. Raphael." Cr. Claxton, in replying, said the blatant oratory they had had that day, and the ear-splitting voice which had frequently given him a headache, was. a proof of what Coun cillors had to putnp with ; but although he had nothing to say against Mr. Raphael's voice he did complain of his frequent inter ruptions, and believed this motion was the only way to quiet him. The motion was then put, and the voting was as follows:— For— Crs. Jones, Brooks, Gilbert, King, and Claxton; against—Crs. Hammond, Holland, Hyne, Richardson, and Raphael; His Worship pave his casting vote against the motion. All the Councillors who bad voted for the motion, except Cr; King, left the Council Chamber for the rest of the afternoon. correspondence (Continued). From the Town Clerk of Richmond, Victoria, thanking the City Council of Adelaide for the assistance rendered to Cr. Priestly, with refe rence to the mode of watering the streets. From the City Surveyor, stating that the . Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company had been laying check-rails round all -the curves on their line. A Larsen's patent rail, which was used by the Company, combined the check aud edge-rail in one; an additional' check-rail was unnecessary if the line were properly laid and the tram cars were not worked at too high a speed. The addition of the check-rail'also increased the inconvenience to the ordinary vehicle traffic of the streets by rendering it more difficult for carriage wheels to get out of the groove of the rails, and often severely wrenched the tires and axles. Referred to the Pablie Works Com mittee. . From J. Curnow, calling attention to-th'i state of the culvert at the corner of Hutt andHalifax streets.. Referred to the Health -Committee. MEMORIALS. From ratepayers in Lombard-street, praying for a lamp at the corner of Lombard and Fen church-strects. Referred to the Councillors for the Ward. . From owners of land in Vincent-place, praying that the street might be made. Conditional tenders to-be invited. From-residents in Currie-street, praying that the street-watering rate in Currie-street might be lowered. To be informed that the resolution fixing the rate had been passed, and could not be altered. TENDERS. Flagging for the Year—Two tenders were received, which were directed, to be forwarded to the Public Works Committee, the prices to be scheduled by the City Surveyor. The same course was followed with reference to tenders for building-stone. The Adelaide Lime Com pany's tender for lime* at Is. per bushel, was accepted. A tender for earthenware piping was referred to the Public Works Committee., The tender of-R. Deacon for supplying horses for rolling during the year, at £1 9s. per day, and 15s. per hali-day,.was accepted. The tenders for emptying and cleansing the drainage tanks were referred to the Public Works Committee. For forming and making right-of-way on Acre 808 Simon Young's tender, at £38, was ac cepted. CITY. SQUARE GARDENER. Cr. Hyne moved and Cr. Richardson seconded—"That the office of Gardener of the City Squares be declared vacant and the Park Lands Gardener be reinstated as- City Gardener." An amendment was moved for the adjournment of the debate, and this was agreed to on the casting vote of the Mayor. HEALTH NOTICE. On the motion of Cr. Holland an order" was made calling upon Mrs. Grace Paull, of: Chan eery-lane, to cleanse and purify her premises under the Health Act. The Council adjourned at ten minutes't'o six o'clock till Monday, January 20. Tlie examination of "students at "the Training School will be held on January 20. A meeting of No. 1 Rifle Company South Australian Rifle Association is convened for this evening at the Prince Alfred Hotel. On Tuesday, January 7, Mr. Alderman McArthur responded to the invitation of the Committee of the Prince Alfred College to view the building and grounds, bat the short time of his stay rendered a flying visit all that could be accorded. The President (Rev. Thos. Lloyd), Treasurer (Hon. J. Colton), the Hon. Secretary (Mr. G. W. Cotton), and several members of the Committee met the guest, who was accompanied by Mr. Samuel Tomkinson. There were present also the Revs. Raston, Lane, Patchell, Caaely. O'Donnell, and Hunter, and Messrs. Gault, J. Scott, W. Longbottom, A. Scott, W. F. Wincey, W. G. Coombes, Lathlean, Priest, and W. Rhodes. After proceeding over the buildings, the arrangements of which frequently met Mr. McArthur's approval, a -hearty lunch was partaken of, and the pleasure of receiving so distinguished a stranger was briefly adverted to by the President of the College. The Hon. John Colton proposed " The health of Mr. McArthur," who replied that he was highly pleased with the place, which-gave promise of being second to none in- the Aus tralian colonies. He had heard the College spoken of in England with favor. On his way from Melbourne Sir William Jervois spoke very highly of the institution, and on his arrival Mr. Tomkinson spoke in the same strain. Both these gentlemen were impartial witnesses, and what he bad just seen had as far as it went fully con firmed what he had heard. He -was very glad that there were men far- seeing enough to found such an institution, for no country could become great without its youth being properly educated. He was glad that though the education imparted was secular time was given for a certain amount of un sectarian religious training. He was much pleased with the appointments of the building and with the thoroughness of the ventilation, and although by reason of repairs and the vacation things were out of place he could very well see that cleanliness and good order were the rule of the day. He was glad to see that the modern system of cubicals had been introduced into the new dormitory, so that every boy enjoyed a certain amount of I rivacy, and he hoped that when he visited the colony again he should see the building com pleted by the addition of the remaining wings. Paris Exhibition.—The delay in giving the notice of awards has caused mnch dissatis faction, and has led to the omission from the unofficial lists of prize-takers, published by some newspapers, of the names of leading Eng lish firms, such as Crosse and Blackwell, whose goods are appreciated _ in every household, and who have added to their great reputation by the splendid display of their manufactures at the Exhibition. The Jurors have recognised the excellence and purity of Messrs. Crosse and Blackwell's exhibits by three awards, iqoluding two goW ipedalsi -Morning Post. 