CALIFORNIA AND THE CALI- FORNIA^. No. in.—THE "HEATHEN CHINEE." There is a bet* mire in California, and John Chinaman is the black bogey. Never did ghost, hobgoblin, or other kindred spirit haunt a land with the same ubiquitous persistency as does John this garden of the Pacific coast. Go where you will he appears to rise as it were from the ground like a grim spestre, and no matter whether he be attired in European costume or in the primitive garb of his celestial home the sleek yellow figure of this meek dreamy pagan of the Orient forms at all times a striking figure in the California^ landscape. You cannot-mistake him even if you behold him a mile away, for he has a peculiar stealthy cat-like gait of his own, while his Mongolian physiognomy and quaint Eastern look make him stand out in conspicuous relief amongst all other races of men, Travel to the north, to the south, to the east, or to the west, and you will always fall across him, and in such out-of- the-way places too that as with the fly in amber you will be apt to wonder " how the devil he got there." You will meet him in every town, and yoa will find him located in every settlement. You will see him in the valley tilling the-soil, reaping the golden harvest on the plain, working on a railroad embankment, and actiDg in the capacity of head cook and bottlewasher on the cattle ranch. You will meet him on rock-bound solitudes turning over the beds of ancient rivers, burrowing like a mole in deserted mining camps, grubbing amidst the big boulders of gulch and canBa, and he will even startle you by bis presence in the heart of the primeval forest, or on the top of th6 lonely monntain, always patient, persevering, and industrious, to a degree. He makes his home wherever it suits his purpose, and so long as dollars are to be had be will not hesitate to push out to the furthest settlement or to take up his abode in the most desolate wilderness. Ever calm amidst all the bustle around him, toiling from daylight till dark, living a life of abstemiousness, and fattening upon a daily ration on which a European would starve, he plods on unceasingly, and by steady persistent toil conquers Blowly but surely in his meek and submissive way. No hardship has been too great for the " Heathen Chinee" here and gradually in the most unmistakable style he has overcome every obstacle placed in bis path, Looked upon at first in the light of an outcast, he has by bb own innate shrewdness clearly proved his worth in the great struggle ;for existence, and having attained to the position of a useful member of society in his new'home he has at the same time become a very influential factor in the State. When miking along the principal streets of San Francisco you may jump at a single bound as it were from <the gay attractions of the American city into the midst of a curious Eastern life. The Chinese quarter is formed of a labyrinth of streets and alleys in the very heart of the busiest part of the town, and the sudden transition from the one quarter to the other forms a strange and striking contrast between the manners, habits, and customs of the white and the yellow races. Here John dwells in stolid contentment, his mode of life being precisely similar to that followed in his own country, only that be is better housed, better fed, is a richer man, and enjoys more liberty than he ever experienced before. He appears, in short, perfectly satisfied with his new home, works in his customuy steady, persistent, and industrious way, and takes hiB pleasure with the same sluggish decorum that characterizes most of his movements. It is at the busiest time ef day that I make my way into the Celestial settlement, and the narrow streets are crowded with Chinamen of all ages, and while some are habited in European coBtume with their pigtails twiBted neatly under their billycock hats, tile majority' are in their quaiat native dress. Host of the shops are fitted up in the Oriental style, with big signboards painted Chinese characters, and gaudy lanterns defending from the roofs. In most instances, too, the Articles exposed for sale are of mitive manufacture, and it may bs seen at a glance that with very few exceptions all the edibles oome from China, for there are bags-of rice, chests of tea, dried cara-backed ducks, dried 'fish, pre* served ginger, " chow chow" made from the young bamboo, all kinds of candied fruits, salted cabbage, pickled eggs, desiccated vegetables, prepared seaweed, birds* nests, sharks' fins, and a thousand other delicacies which go to make up the Celestial bill of fare. There are Chinese kottgs also filled with the most costly products from the Empire, and josstemples, eating- houses, tea-shops, gambling saloons, and opium dens without number. But what strikes the stranger, perhaps, more than anything else is the number of European manufactures carried on here exclusively by Chinese —some in well- appointed shops, others in t«p rooms, and some in cellars so dark and so dismal that it would appear almost impossible for human -beings to dwell in them. Here in a narrow lane where the sunlight scarcely penetrates, I enter a factory for the manufacture of cigars, and the whole process is being oarried on by about 100 Chinamen, who are busily working at long wooden tables.' All are seated,; big piles of tobacco leaf ate distributed between them; and while one damps the leaf another smooths it out perfectly flat, a third cots it into the necetsary lengths, a foorth rolla it into the required form, a fifth shapes the end which yen put into your mouth by rubbing a quantity of dirty-looking paste over it with bis grimy fingers, while a sixth classifies each cigar as it is manufactured. Each man appears a perfect adept in his particular branch—goes about his work in deep silence, and with a methodical quickness and skill truly wonderful. In this way*thousands ef cigars are turned out in a day, ancl at an incredibly cheap rate, some 'being sold as low as four a penny. I don't know whether the tobacco from which these latter are made is the true Virginia, but I am inclined to believe that old cigar-ends picked up out of the streets enter largely into the composition of these two and a half cent, whiffs. Anyway, all from the dearest to the cheapest find a rfeady sale, and I have no doubt that each class has its special patrons and its. fame for its peculiar g o M . Above this, but in the same building, is a clothing establishment, where dozens of Chinese tailors, some working at sewing-machines, others squatting upon their hams in the most approved fashion, are making all kinds of European clothes according to the most fashionable cuts. Here you can order a suit, choose your stuff and have it sent home to you as well made and neatly got up as if purchased at the best tailors in the State, and at least two-thirds cheaper than you could obtain it in any other place. On the opposite side of the way is an extensive boot factory carried on entirely by Chinese, and they will take a contract to supply a thousand , pairs a day, or they will take your measure for the most delicate pair of patent leathers or for the heaviest pair of iron-tipped hobnailed bluchers you may like to order. Hats, caps, underclothing of all descriptions, and a thousand other necessary articles of everyday life are produced wholesale in " Chinatown," besides immense quantities Of household furniture of the most beautiful design. In fact, many of the most richly furnished salons of San Francisco owe their attractiveness to the skill of the Chinese, who carve, polish, and decorate the furniture they manufacture upon the European model in the most beautiful and artistic way. But their industry does not end at this point; for here right in the main street is a big cellar over tbe door of which is the sign" Ah Lee, washing and ironing done." Within this ill ventilated place some half dozen Chinamen, stripped to the waist, are busily working in a steamy atmosphere, and are u getting up" all kinds of male and female underclothing in the most irreproachable style, and I netice that each Of the " dampers," instead of. moistening every article preparatory to the ironing process in the usual way, by sprinkling the water with the hand, first takes a mouthfnl of the liquid from a small basin, and then ejects it from between his lips with a spluttering sound in the form of a shower of spray. . This process appears to be a most effectual one, and although it m%y not commend itself to tbe fastidious mind, so ong as your shirt front sets in a faultless style, what matter if a Chinaman has been squirting water over it out of his meuth. In walking along tbe streets of " Chinatown" the absence of females strikes one as a remarkable' feature. Although there are scores of th»u sands of Chinamen here there are only about four hundred Chinese women in the whole of San Francisco, and these have been imported for the worst, purposes. Some of the Chinamen however, are married to European wives, principally buxom Irish lasses, and judging from the comely look of many of these fair daughters of the Emerald Isle it is clear that: even Cupid sometimes looks favourably on' the "Heathen Chinee." The children forming the offspring of these unions have a quaint half Mongolian half European look about them— the slanting eye and the lank black hair forming at all times indelible marks of their Celestial origin. In wandering through this singular settlement some new and startling feature always presents itself to attract the attention. The surroundings are not exactly Chinese nor exactly European, but they form as it were a strange mixture of both. The two nationalities appear to have come suddenly together and to have got mixed up and while you may perceive a blending of the two elements you may trace at the same time a distinct line of demarcation. The whole place is a busy hive, teeming with life and industry, and although there are some very peouliar dens and seme very questionable institutions in connection with it, on the whole It affords a striking example of the steady persevering energy of the Chinese, who have succeeded in raising for themselves a veritable stronghold in the heart of one of tbe most beautiful cities, and in the midst of one of the most go-ahead of Anglo-Saxon communities. So rapid has been the increase of the Chiniese in their aew condition of life here that it is calculated that there are no less than 300,000 distributed throughout California at the present time, while for years past there has been an average population of over 50,000 on the goldfields alone. With these figdres in view the question naturally arises—how is it that the Chinese have been able to live and thrive in BO 'successful a manner when competing in the open market against the labour of their white neighbours. To this it may be answered that besides their command of cheap labour and their industrious, sober, and thrifty habits, their system of co- operating together and working in organized Companies and gangs has had much to do with their success. The immigration to America is conducted upon a systematic basis, and-no less than six Chinese Companies, organised solely for tbe importation of Coolie labour, have their he idquarters in San Francisco. Most of the immigrants coming here hail from Canton, and are consigned to the various Companies by their agents in China. Upon their arrival they are well- cared for, are properly housed and fed, and remain under the care of the Company until they find work either in the towns or are drafted off to various parts of the country, where they engage in mining, farming, gardening, timbergetting, fishing, and various other occupations. Not a few hire themselves out at daily wages, and gain easily from S20 to per month, a Chinese cook in a good family often getting as much as $40. In China a Coolie's wages will only average about 30 " cash" per day, which is something less than threepence, so that by practising the same frugal course of life as followed in his own country, a Chinaman here wiU be able to lay aside, in the course of three or four years, from two to three thousand dollars, an amount which constitutes a perfect fortune in his own country. Looking at the Chinese question from a political standpoint, both parties in California affect to denounce the Chinese on their respective platforms; but if you go to tbe houses of these very men, who go upon the "anti-Chinese ticket," you .will find Chinese servants, and if you visit their farms or ranches, you will find Chinese hands, and if you ask the political leader after dinner what be really thinks, be will tell you Jthat he could not get on without Ohinese, and that the outcry against them amounts to the most abominable demegogueism. Moreover, he will tell you that without Chinese labour it would have been impossible to construct the Pacific Bail way, to carry on many of the manufactories established in the State, or to obtain anything like an adequate supply of domestic servants. In reality their greatest enemies and calumniators are the idle, the dissolute, and the drunken—the "bummer," the " hoodlum," and the stump orator. If you ask Mr. Loafing Hornypalm what he thinks of the yellow- man, he will tell you straight that he is the vilest "skunk" outside the dominions of his Satanic Majesty. He iB a long-tailed pagan, a jaundiced- skinned heathen, a slant-eyed idolater. He is vicious and degraded, works for low wages, and 'aint liberal minded, because he don't spend his dollars in drink. He eats cats, rats, and mice, and when he can't get them fattens «n tbe smell of an oiled rag. He is a slave to tne most appalling vices, lives in an opium den, robs his neighbour, lies like a Philadelphia lawyer, is the biggest " cuss" out, and 'aint worth a "heap of beans" to the State. Turn then to Mr. Welltodo Mighty-dollar for the other side of the question, and he will exclaim with enthusiasm—" He is the most faithful and industrious of men. He gives us cheap labour, builds our railroads, cultivates our gardens, reaps our fields, catches our fish, and does a thousand other useful things at a quarter the cost of any one else.' He is sober, quick, and willing to learn, is an excellent domestic servant, is economical and painstaking, makes a splendid cook, does the washing and ironing to perfection, takes care of the children, looks well after your horse, never goes on the spree, never wants to go to church - on Sunday, and is content to work three hundred and sixty days out of the three hundred and sixty-five." And then .if you hobnob with John and invite him to exercise his pigeon- English upon the subject of his status in society, here he will sum up the whole matter, with more or less volubility, in this strain—" Melica side welly good placee. San Francisco plentee worke, plentee waslnee; washee muchee dollar; no likee MeJicaman. He kik up plenty bobbery, too muchee fightee, too muchee cuttee tailee Mong Chinaman. Chinaman workee welly hard, mahee lailloade, makee cigar, no spendee mucfaee dollar, no gettee drunkee, alloe same Melic&man.; Melie&man; wantee kill Chineeman b'coe he no go back Canton jjde. Mrficaman go China side, gettee plenty tee, plentee ricee, mabee plentee dollar; Chineeman so kik up bobbery. Melica gov'ment say ' whiteeman, blackeeman, Chineeman allee same free workee bere; Melica b'iong liberty side. California gov'iaent say nebermind liberty side, no wantee more Chinaman, no will have can stop Canton side.' Heathen Chinee no shall come California, tafcse away dollar. Chineeman when he die wantee to go to Heaven, ilentee chin chin Joss. Melicaman say he rtong Christian aide, no likee Joss. He caliee Chineeman long dail pagan debil, he throw "im 1 stone, be cut 'im tailee, he kill 'im. What for CAristianside fight pagan side, allee same dog ? »e tink Ohnstin reiigin no good; me tink allee rttTS? 1- w h e ? n he die go beaben side. Allee Ufinrtro Melicaman go big fire side. Chin 