WRITTEN ON THE SAND. ! Br. KATHLEEN, CHAPTEB VII.-ENGHATBN ON THE BOCK. It was Friday night. Pate and ebaken, Mrs Montague hovered about the couch of her uncon scious nephew. Only once since they had brought him in had he recovered his senses, and then but to relapse a second time into that death- like stupor. From her daughter, Mrs. Montague had heard everything, and being, as she was, so utterly un prepared for a revelation of the kind, it absolutely overwhelmed her. Indeed, the timid, gentle, little lady felt equal to nought but to long most unspeakably for her husband's return. ' ;' Mr. Montague, however, did not arrive till nearly nine. -'..'J-'', ? What pale faces and mournful tidings greeted him! Shocked and grieved though the old gentleman necessarily was by what he heard, he was not as dismayed, as stunned, as his wife had been. His brother's telegram had prepared him for bad tidings of some kind, though not indeed for these. " You have sent for George, I suppose ?" he Baid as he came out of che room where he had been ex amining and sorrowinglover poor Cyril's ead condi tion. " No ?" as bis wife shook ber head, " That is a great pity. He should have known of this immediately." "So Clem endeavoured to persuádeme ; but after what I had heard, I positively could not bring myself to let him do so. Nevertheless, if you think it best lil send Clem at once. But I forgot-" and Mrs. Montague paused with her hand on the door knob-" our brother is not well himself, and will be scarce able to bear the journey." " Ile fell down-stairs and burn himself, I think you said ? He will come, however, if he possibly can." Aud Mr. Montague wns right. Ero another hour had gone, Mr. Ashleigh's carriage was seen driving rapidly up the avenue, and the old gentleman hurrying from Cyril's room, was only just in time to meet bio brother-in-law in the hall. Ile started appalled at the change that had been wiought in him. Mr. Ashleigh's face, usually so fresh and ruddy, was now, owing to his illness, the pain and worry his son's act had caused him, and above all Clem's abrupt announcement that Cyril was " either dead or dying," literally white as a sheet. He looked but a ghost of his former self, and his hands shook as if with age, as he gasped forth "Cyril!" But without a word in reply, Mr. Montague drew him into the library. " Cyril P" Mr. Ashleigh said once more. " Will, I trust, get better. Dr. S-, who is at present here, and whom I have consulted, - speaks most hopefully of his eventual recovery." Mr. Ashleigh drew his hand over his clammy brow, and with a long, deep sigh, as of intense re lief, buried his face on his arms. Observing this, worthy old Mr. Montague, as he poured him out some brandy, permitted his hopes to rise to a very great height indeed. If the announcement Unit his sou were in danger affected him thus, why he should not find the per suading him to relinquish the idea of publishing his crime, so difficult a matter as he had antici pated. But, alas, when Mr. Ashleigh raised his head the expression of his face was not so encouraging. Mr. Montague looked and felt considerably dis appointed. However, he manfully begun the work he bad cut out for himself, and for which purpose he had brought him into the library j to wit : the "talking him round." After pleading and arguing for nearly twenty minutes, with a warmth and zeal that did justice even to his owu kind heart, Mr. Montague paused to perceive what effect be bad created. Mr. Ashleigh was softened, that was evident, and the old gentleman took heart. "If I could feel quite sure that Cyril did intend to confess," Mr. Ashleigh said, hesitatingly, " that he really was unconscious of * hat he did that night -but no ! I can't believe but what he was perfectly aware of what he was about. Tell me honestly, Walter, can ¿ow?" " I can" was the instant response, " George, I firmly believe that there are urnes when grief or excitement eau obtain such sway as to make us wholly irresponsible for our actions. The day," he checked himself, and glanced doubtfully at his brother, " the day your wife died, George, did not your experience prove that this-" But Mr. Ashleigh signed bim to be silent, and knowing as he did how any allusion to his wife's death pained him even still, Mr. Montague re gretted that he had referred to it, more especially when he saw him turn his head away as though to overcome his emolion. Timo passed, and at last Mr. Ashleigh, who had replied to neither of the anxious questions put him by his brother-in-law, moved round slowly, and with apparent effort, in his chair, drawing from one of his pockets as be did so the forged cheque which had come into his possession. " Give that to me !" Mr. Montague cried, impetuously. " Let me throw it in the fire. George, do, there's a good follow, do." But Mr. Ashleigh refused, gently though firmly. *. Before I do thiB," he said, " 1 must feel more certain than I do that the tale you have told me is the true ono, that Cyril is not the unscrupulous scoundrel who deliberately brought this disgrace upon us, that until this night I had thought him." But how do you propose doing this ?" " By seeing Cyril face to lace, and judging from his demeanour. If, as 1 trust to Heaven I may, if I feel that you aro right, and that Cyril, while meriting reproach for suffering himself to be led astray by that villain, was comparatively guiltless as regards the forgery, with a justified conscience and a thankful heart will I consign this," and he touched the paper with loathing as he spoke, " to the flames. But if, on the other hand, I am obliged to return to my former opinion, then," and Mr. ashleigh's voice shook ever so slightly, " then I must and will do as-as I first intended." # # ? * # # # The last rays of the setting sun were waning, when, some few days later, Cyril, with Vivien's little hands fondly clasped within his own, reclined on the lounge which had been drawn up close to the window. He was very much better, as be told his cousin with a smile, in answer to her anxious queries. " indeed," he said, I feel equal to the dreaded interview with my father. Seo him I must sooner or later, and the quicker the better for both, Will you go and ask him if he can como P" Vivien departed on her cousin's mission, but on that interview so much hung, that as she drew near to her uncle, who was standing in tho hall, she paused, feeling utterly unable to go on. A moment, however, and Bho had sufficiently conquered this feeling to give him Cyril's message. , Mr. Ashleigh went immediately. What passed between the father and son during the hour (the interminable hour, as it appeared to I the anxious ones outside) that he remained in Cyril's room, none knew till long af tor ; but this they did know, that when at Inst Mr. Ashleigh came out, the first thing he did was to tear the forged paper into Bhreds und cast them into tho I fire, and then that the stern, proud man, leaning his i head on his brother's shoulder-sobbed aloud. * « . * * * . * Once moro Cyril reclines on hiBlounge, and once more Vivien sits by his side. The colour has come back to her cheeks, the old brightness to her eyes, and soft, subduod huppiuees is stamped visibly on lier every feature. " Vivien, do j'ou remember, tho dny we wero at Hose Bay, what I wroio upon the sands ?" Cyril asked, as ho turned from the window out of which he had been gazing for several minutes, lost in thought. "That 'no act or deed of yours should erer render you unworthy, my love.'" " And well indeed I have kept that vow !" Cyril bitterly exclaimed. "Oh,. Vivien, those words were but written on the sands of thoughtlessness, if not of insincerit* ; but now, God helping me at least, they shall be engraven on the rock of peni tence and deep remorse !" "Amen!" said an earnest voice, and Mr. Ash leigh was standing by their side. 