CLUNES. 16th May. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Clunes has lost an old identity in Mr Joseph Robson, who departed this life yesterday morning, at the advanced age of eighty-one. He had been connected with the Port Phillip Company from almost the com- mencement of its operations, and from a long con- nection with mining in South America, was enabled to render good service to quartz mining in this country, by designing and building the first battery of stamps in the colony. This was shifted to the Port Phillip mine and was worked successfully for years, Mr Robson having charge of the machinery from the time crushing was commenced there till 1870, when failing health compelled him to relinquish his position. Previously to coming to this colony he was in the employ of the St. John del Ray Mining Cpmpany, in Brazil, and from the chairman of the company he brought an introduction to Mr R. H. Bland, who from 1852 to the present date has held the management of the Port Phillip Company’s mine. By that gentle man Mr Robson’s services were engaged, and that the connection thus formed was appreciated on either side, his length of service testifies. He was a native of Durham, England, and he leaves a large family, who are married and comfortably settled. The deceased was chairman of the trustees of the cemetery here, and last Saturday attended officially their periodical meeting. He was also a trustee of the local Wesleyan Church, of which denomination he was a consistent member. His remains will be consigned to their last resting-place to-morrow afternoon. Our borough counoil met last evening, and decided among other things to accord official patronage to the complimentary; concert to be given-■ to Miss Anita Rofe on her removal from the district. The council also, declined, to let the Town-hall to D’Ardy Bead for a Sunday evening entertainment,' believing that' the encouragement of such:presentments, however moral :and elevating in themselves,' should be rigor ously discountenanced. : ; ; •• : ■ ’ Last night the “Ghost” appeared before a crowd of witnesses, who were highly delighted with the entertainment which D’Aroy Read so .cleverly afforded. J Early biosing is essentially an institution at Chines'. At 6 p.m. sharp, summer and winter, the' shops close five‘days out of the working six, Saturday, alqne being a late night. I understand that efforts ara.;to, : be made to'induce' uniform shutting up at 10 p.m. oh Saturdays in future. It depends mostly, upon pur chasers - whether this increased measure of socialreform shall be carried into effect. - Bishop Thornton preaches here on Sunday at St. Paul’s, both morning and evening. In the afternoon ha will deliver an address to the Sunday-school pupils, v J? cassations are to be derotad to local cbqroh 1 bonding extension purposes, I 