PART OF ORDINATION SERMON.— TRINITY SUNDAY, 1879. ' (By the Bishop of Ballaap.ao-.) That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us ; and truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with Hi3 Son, Jesus Christ.— 1 John i. 3. * * ?* * * , ' 1\. The Messaae Proclaimed. — The apostles declared what they had seen and heard of Christ. Their one topic was, the Word of Life — that Eternal Life which was with the Father, and was manifested. They had heard Him, had seen Him, had touched Him. John lays stress on this, because men had already begun to speculate about a phantom Christ — a shadow, a vision, that had seemed to walk among men, to die, to rise, and to ascend. Here was a man who was in a position to contradict all such fancies. With his own ears he had listened to the gracious words of Jesus ; with his own eyes he had gazed upon Him, as He stood in glory on the Holy Mount, or hung upon the cross at Golgotha. He had laid his head upon His bosom, had passed his hand over the clay-cold brow when they laid' Him in the sepulchre, and felt His warm grasp when He revisited them in the tipper chamber, and convinced them beyond all doubt that it was Himself. Not for one moment would these first preachers admit the theory of illusion as explaining any of the features of the wondrous story of God manifest in flesh. No ; from first to last they declared that story a faithful saying; that the witness was true. The four. Gospels contain plain, categorical narratives of facts, vouched for by eye-witnesses ; and the twenty-one Epistles are letters to men or Churches assuming these facts, drawing inferences from them, and unintelligible without them. ' That which we have seen and heard . . declare we I' . . «! Now, did this all-important testimony become extinct when the last' apostle spoke his latest word 1 '?''.. Nothing has been added to our knowledge of the life and teaching of Christ since the apostles' time. The few extra-scriptural stories that tradition has conveyed to us are, as a rule, singularly unedify ing, and not one of them is authenticated. It is still, in a sense, through the apostles' word, and through their word only, that men , believe on Christ. ' .:, . : But the perpetuation of the apostles' testimony after their death . has been provided for in two ways. The first is, the preservation of their writings ; the second is the institution of the Christian ministry. On the first we need not now dwell. The gracious overruling which caused the inspired testimony of the apostles to be reduced to writing . before their decease, has delivered the Church for .ever from depend- . ence on the perplexing uncertainties of oral tradition, and supplied at the same time a standard, a confirmation, and a safeguard for all her teaching. We still may listen to the personal witness of John, of James, of Paul to the essential verities of our holy faith ; and the value of their evidence is in no degree impaired by the written form , in which it has come down to us, and the ages_ of controversy and criticism which its record has triumphantly survived. The other means for conserving the apostolic testimony about Christ and handing it down effectively, is the Christian Church and its accredited ministry. The Spirit that fitted apostles for their special task did not die with them. .He dwells on still in the com pany of the faithful, and is now reproducing the 'apostles' work in the world, according to the needs of each successive age, by raising up and qualifying other agents, who succeed to. the evangelistic and pastoral office of the apostolic band. Their function is to reiterate continually the old truths which the apostles uttered, albeit it may be in new ways and language, commending them to men's attention by their lives, illustrating them by their example, and bringing prayerful study to bear' upon their explanation and enforcement, ap plying them wisely to individual cases, and confirming them by the evidence of their personal experience. On the lips cf men like these the apostolic witness lives again j it becomes a present and potent reality. Christ is seen by them anew, as the apostles saw Him ; not, indeed, with bodily vision, but with the eyes of the enlightened soul ; He is heard again with the ear of spiritual apprehension, and handled afresh with the loving grasp of realising faith. _ O ye who are daring to offer yourselves to-day to receive the public commission of the Holy Spirit in the Church of God, it is nothing less than the mantle of apostles with which you aspire to be clothed ! It is their message you are to deliver, their burden with which you are to charge yourselves I Resolve ever to speak as they spoke. Let : no unreal, or conventional, or supposititious Christ be the subject of .. your teaching. Make the apostolic witness your own before you.:, utter it, You are ordained to-day, not to declare what others may have told you about the Word of Life Eternal. The measure of your success in evangelising men will be the measure of your apprehension in your own particular souls of Christ and the life that is in Him ; the measure, in fact, in which you can truthfully say, when you hold converse with men, or lift up your voice before listening congrega tions, ' That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you.' 2\. The Apostolic Purpose. — What was this? They had one. Their preaching was a means, not an end. To utter ' sound' discourses merely for the sake of uttering them, and to feel satisfied with doing that, betrays an utter absence of the true apostolic spirit. Yet there are clergymen who seem content with this. They do not seriously expect any particular result to follow from their preaching or visits, and they accomplish exactly what they expect. Their object is to get the sermon satisfactorily preached, to get the visit duly paid. A comfortable feeling of self-complacency accompanies the thought that their professional duty is, so far, performed — that they can never be accused of neglecting sermon preparation, or the visitation of their people. Alas ! a respectable ministry of this sort may last for years in a parish and not tell seriously upon a single soul. The purpose it is that gives its momentum to any work we do. As a rule, the moralist was right when he sang— 'No man will compass more than he intends.' The apostolic purpose is thus stated — 'That ye also may have fellowship with us.' Fellowship means more than recognition, or acquaintance, or intercourse. It means, in such a connection as this, community of life, of interests, of destiny. The apostles yearned to share these things with those to whom they spoke. Conscious of having received salvation and eternal life themselves at the hand of the Christ they proclaimed to others, they longed to impart the priceless boon to their hearers, and expected that, through the message they delivered, nothing less than this was likely to happen. They craved sympathetic relations with their fellows. No thought of professional isolation, of lofty self-importance, entered into the ministrations of the apos tolic preacher as he spoke of Christ to men. Fellowship of sym . pathy was what he longed to establish between them and himself ; for such fellowship he knew would be for their unspeakable advant age. He wanted to enlist soldiers of the cross, fellow members of the Lord's dear family, fellow-pilgrims along the heavenly way. Included in this fellowship, no doubt, in the apostles' mind, was the idea of outward church membership, with its com bination of believers for worship and sacraments, in beneficence and ? missionary effort. It is no light matter to separate oneself from the apostolic communion on things like these. Happy those of whom it could be said, ' They continued daily in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in the breaking of bread, and in prayers.' Ah ! what an evil is separation ! The remedy is for the ministers of the Catholic and Apostolic Church to declare, as the true centre of unity, a Christ whom they themselves have seen and heard. ' Come unto Me,' cried the great Proselytiser. ' He that gathereth not with Me, scattereth.' See to it that you preach, and that lovingly, as . John did, fellowship in Christ for men — fellowship, first, in the enjoyment of a common salvation ; then, fellowship in brotherly sympathy ; lastly, as far as it can be brought about, fellowship and oneness in the visible Church. Meanwhile, so walk with God that you may have no hesitation in counselling fellowship with you as a good thing for your hearers ; so live among your people that you may be bold in inviting them nearer to yourself, instead of being dumb before them for fear of their knowledge of your inconsistencies. Let us never forget that our ministry is a means, not an end. Never lefc us mount our pulpit without aiming at some definite spiritual re sult in what we speak. That can hardly be an apostolic ministry that is exercised from week to week with no drawing together of the flock towards the pastor and towards each other, no lengthening of the communicants' roll, no standing forth of Christian men and women as candidates for active service in the vineyard of the Lord. 3\. Lastly, see to what heights the apostle soars, when he tells us of the apostolic privilege — the true nature of this fellowship into which apostles and their successors seek to gather men. 'Truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with His Son Jesus Christ.' It was the very insanity of sin for men to think to be ' as gods,' as Satan promised our first parents : to be ' like the Most High,' as .' he presumptuously claimed for himself. But the hope that, in the devil's heart, is a thought of treason, flows from inspired lips as a sublime promise, certain of fulfilment. ' That ye might be par . takers of the divine nature,' is the standard St. Peter sets before us. ' Our fellowship is with the Father and with the Son,' is the con fidence of St. John — fellowship with the Father in His holiness, in His lofty purposes, in His pity for a guilty world ; fellowship with the Son in His patient sufferings in beluilf of others, in His joy over the saved, in the glory of His victorious kingdom. With the Holy Spirit we are not said to have fellowship. For He is ihe author and agent of that fellowship Himself. It is by His operation and through His indwelling — the fellowship of the Holy Ghost — that we enjoy this august communion, and taste in our own experience the grace of the Son and the love of the Father. * * # * # 'This, and nothing less, is still the issue of a faithful ministry in these post- apostolic days. You, my brethren, in the exercise of the sacred office to which I am to call you in God's name to-day, are to be nothing less than instruments of the Holy Ghost for bringing men into fellowship with God in Christ. 0, awful commission ! 0, lofty charge 1 It is needless to say — it is almost too late to warn you— that it is for ever impossible that any one should fulfil it ; it is sacrilege for any man to undertake it, who has never really yet been brought into conscious fellowship with God in Christ Himself. But you are here to-day, as I trust and believe, not because worldly profits await you in the service you are choosing, for, beyond what suffices for the bare necessities of a pure and well-regulated life, you will probably earn nothing in it ; not because ease and indulgence are before you, for you? career, if you do your duty, as I expect you ?yrill, is to be of continued self-restraint, of anxious responsibility, of incessant and often ill-requited toil ; not because power or fame attend you, for you go to be servants, not lords, in God's heritage ; not to have dominion, but to be helpers ; not to win glory, but to teach men to glorify Another ; not to seek your own things, but the things which are Jesus Christ's. What will be your reward, then ? The Church's hand laid upon your head, the Church's seal set broadly on you, with the awful words of God's commission ringing in both the ears of your soul, you will go forth from the midst of this hushed and kneeling multitude of your fellow- Christians, who have listened to your vows, and who, by their united intercessions for you, and' by their silence when challenged to hinder it, will have sanctioned your consecration to your office. What will be your recompense, if, with incessant prayer and self abandoning labour, with study and self-discipline from day to day, you give your whole lives indeed to the mighty task, begun by Christ and His apostles, of bringing a guilty world into communion with His Church, by declaring that which you have seen and heard of the Word of Life 1 Only this, that you will save souls from death, and help to cover up the sins of the world. Only this, that you will bring lost human souls into fellowship with the Father and His Son. Only this, that you will hasten the coming of the Lord Jesus. Only this, that when the Chief Shepherd shall appear, you, even you, dear brethren, shall receive at His hand ' a crown of glory that fadeth not away.' 