THEATRE ROYAL . Mr. Alfred Dampicr returned to Melbourne and made liis re-appearance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. Tlio piece se lected for the occasion was Hamlet, and Air. Dampicr received a very flattering welcome, and achieved a fair success considering tnac no was not well. Before his departure on the tour round tlio world tho Prince of Denmark was one of his favorite characters, and ono in the acting of which he gained a considerable reputation as a tragedian. His Hamlet of Saturday night was not that of two years ago however. There is not the same physical activity and outward demonstration but instead of that there is a greater display of an intellectual struggle, and the con flict of an inner life. Air. Pampier seems to have arrived at the true conception of Hamlet when he represents him in his tran quil moments ns a philosopher and student, not addressing the audience, but holding self- communion and thinking aloud. The solilo quies beginning "Now am I alone," and " to bo or not to be, " were the cogitations of a man of thought halting Iwtweeu the poles of contending feelings. Tlio scenes between Hamict, Kodcncrantz and Guildenstern gavo the tragedian an opportunity of showing Ham let in collision with men of the world, indig nantly exposing their sycophancy, nnd defeating their designs by his superior wisdom. It was in this interview, as well as in that with Ophelia, that Mr. Dampicr made the Prince simulate madness 111 order to conceal and divert atten tion from the whirlwind which raged in his own heart. In the play scene he introduced the plan of looking at a copy of the manuscript which ho had prepared for tho players, and followiug the words until they arrive at tho climax, when he suddenly looked iuto tlio face of tbo King and marked tho con sternation there. On tho whole, it may. be said that Air. Dampicr's Hamlet of Saturday night wns quieter and les3 flcry than the Hamlet which lie -used to act, but it was full of thought and ns such a near approach to tlie Hamlet of Shakspcare. Air. Stuart O'Brien appeared ns old Polonius, and Air. Appleton as Laertes, and these gen tlemen materially contributed to tlio success of the performance. Air. Sefton took the part of King Claudius, and burlesqued it. Air. Gladstone's Horatio was the same honest, straightforward mau of the world mid com panion of tho Prineo which ho has represented Horatio to bo for many years past. Air. W. G . Carey rondo a good ghost, and Air. Greville, as the First Gravedigger, was ns amusing as ever. Afiss Ada Lester made her first nppenrnneo as Ophelia, but she did not como up to expecta tion. Hamlet will be repeated this evening. 