THE MARCH MAGAZINES. as I. All the Year Round will be found well up to its average excellence. Miss Braddon's " Vixen " finds her new stepfather rather chilling, and has a proposal from the wrong lover. Mrs. Cashel Hoey's story, " All or Nothing," is advanced several stages. Among the shorter articles, "The Haunted Precinct," the , imaginings of a dweller in the Temple, who peoples his vicinity with the characters who have actually lived in, or whom novelists have connected with the locale is a pleasant emanation of fancy. One is always glad to catch another glimpse, boat over so fleeting and shadowy, of Pip and Herbert Pocket, of Mr. Spectator and Sir Roger de Coverley, of Mr. George Warrington, Arthur Pendennis, of Tom Pinch and Ruth, Mr. Bangham, Laura, and Little Fanny, besides Dr. Oliver Goldsmith, Eliza the ever delightful. Coleridge proving words of gold, and ponderous Wordsworth. In this brief paper the reader will find all these, and morea goodly com- pany brought together to greet him. The Origin of Hamlet is a contribution, not very new to the apparently reviving taste for Shakesperian dissertations, and is mainly composed of an account of Bandello's Italian story of Amleth, which, as rendered into French by Belleforest, and from the version of Belleforest into English, under the style of the Mysteries of Hamlet, by an unknown hand, is believed to have given Shakespeare the outlines of the plot for his tragedy. " An Escroquerie," should correctly be entitled " Two Escroqueries," the subject matter being two anecdotes, one merry and the other deeply and touchingly tragical, of the arts practised by tricky habitues of the gaming tables, now happily suppressed, of continental towns. " All in half a century," explains its gist. The review, back fifty years, has been often done before, but has a never-failing interest "Wild Irish Weddings" introduces a couple of old-world narratives, illustrative of the extraordinary lawlessness and moral insensibility which prevailed among even the squires class in Ireland at the commencement of the present century. The stories here disinterred from the criminal records of the past serve in some degree to explain the present existence among our own people of such beings as the Kellys and their equally pernicious sympathisers. The story of two sisters abducted, abused, and when rescued and their abductors were hung despite an almost unanimous public sentiment that their offence was a mere exuberance of spirit; hooted and cursed by the populace for years later when- ever recognised, assists the reader to comprehend some occurrences and opinions of to-day. Amongst the remaining contents of All the Year Round, " Musical Battles," a chirpy trifle treating of the " Battle of Prague " and kindred composition for the pianoforte, will be found entertaining, while some good society knowledge, and a variety of curious and quaint facts are embodied in articles on the " Old French Stage," " Ships' Shops," and " Seafaring Usages." Chambers's Journal continues to be a marvel of sustained excellence. Of " Young Lord Penrith," the new serial tale, the eleventh chapter is reached in this month, and it becomes apparent that the story has a feminine authorship. The hero, a young mariner, with a family mystery to solve is appointed to command a tug steamer employed in connection with the pilchard fishery, and although he is intended to embody all that is energetic and efficient, he is content to be for a couple of days within a half-an-hour's walk of his new vessel without thinking it requisite to so much as visit her: He swings himself on board gracefully by a rope, just as the vessel is about to leave her berth. He is also distinguished by wearing a gold band round his cap, and has by the conclusion of this chapter already twice been of immense service to the heroine, a young lady of superior station. Among the ordinary contents are several contributions to popular science, attractively written:-" Flat Fishes," explaining that the sole and others of that species are not really flattened fish, but fish which swim on one side ; " A paper on bats," " Dust as an Explosive," " Sleep and Sleeplessness," in which the would-be sleeper is instructed in the physiology of slumber, and also how best to avert somnolence ; a sketchy and readable paper about recent discoveries in electricity and the regular summary of "Science and Arts," occupy the space allotted to this class of matter. Of the compilations of curious anecdotes, facts, and fancies which are comprised in most issues of Chambers, this part has five viz.. Events that Never Happened, an ingenious and varied contribution to the history of might- have-beens; " Getting a Bargain," accounts of some queer purchases and delusive agreements ; " Yorkshire Oddities ;" " Within an Ace of Death," narratives of hairbreadth 'escapes and " Minor Plunderings a-la-Mode," a description of ingenious dodges and swindles. The curious family history of the Walpole s is briefly re-told, and a little story in two parts, with other miscellanies -all worth reading and a couple of short poems, make up a number of good average quality. The Gentleman's Magazine is not unworthy of the days when it was published at St. John's Gate, and when Samuel Johnson was a contributor and sat behind a screen to conceal the shabbiness of his clothes when other visitors came to Cave, the editor and " Sylvanus Urban " of the time. The modem series resembles its progenitor indeed in little, but attains a standard of quality which even Cave might regard with content- ment were he to rise from the grave. It is not clear that Dr. Johnson would feel equal complacency. The new story " Under Which Lord " touches boldly upon phases of modern thought which the sternly orthodox doctor would scarcely recognise with pleasure. In the chapters in this number we have a high church vicar with his sister " Sister Agnes " intruding with the best intentions and the least delicacy possible between a freethinking husband and his conventionally orthodox wife and impressionable young daughter. Trouble is foreshadowed, and the story gains attraction from thus bringing upon the stage the counterfeit presentment " of forces felt to be living and moving realities of the present age. Professor Andrew Wilson contributes towards the support of the evolution theory a paper " Clues and Traces in Natural History," which, especially in the section devoted to tracing back the horse to a five-lingered progenitor, will be found extremely interesting. Mr. Arthur Arnold, whose views as one of the Parliamentary candidates of the Liberal party are deserving of particular notice, writes a pregnant essay on Free Trade and Reciprocity, having reference, of course, to the recently arisen cry at home that free trade has been a failure. Mr. Arnold does not deny, nay rather insists on, the stagnation and distress which press upon the old country. But he repudiates the idea that free trade is responsible for the evil, and ridicules argument atively the suggestion that reciprocity would be the cure. He argues that as England imports mainly food supplies and raw materials necessary for the sustenance of her people and manufacturers, and as she exports only manufactured goods, she cannot retaliate on other countries by imposing import duties. Such duties would distress the poor, and hamper the manufacturer. Whereas, in America or Russia, for example, protective duties upon manufactured goods do not take the actual bread out of the people's mouths, and are actually favourable to the local manufacturers. Mr. Arnold's grand point is stated as follows-We are kept back from a larger success, we are Hindered in competing with others, because we have disregarded Mr. Cobden's injunction, because we have not completed the work which he begun, because we have not established free trade in regard to our land, that immov- able basis of all property." In short Mr. Arnold hints at nothing less than bursting up the big estates as the panacea for existing ills. His paper is worthy of perusal as the auarvf-courter of a coming party policy in England. A good, comprehensive, paper on recreation, reviews that subject in a variety of aspects hygienic, and also political. " Sir Charles Coldstream " is the second and concluding part of a well-written biographical notice of the career of the late Charles Mathews, by Dutten Cook. " Cardinal Wolsey at Esher " is an antiquarian chapter, suggestive to the reader of time's subversive changes. The house which Wolsey, the butcher's son and Cardinal, tenanted, passed for awhile into the hands of a Pelham, and reverted of late to a paper maker, Spicer by name, who pulled down the old house, and erected a new mansion of brick and stucco," and from him to a Money Wigram, whose ships are not unknown in Australia. The balance of the space in The Gentleman's is occupied by a legendary identification of a "wicked baron" of Bretagne with the " Blue Beard " of the nursery stories. " Table Talk, by " Sylvanus Urban, Gentleman," closes the number. MacmillQn'gjs aa._n_J, built-up more substantial material than the weeklies. "The Afghan Question"' is treated in a concise fashion, showing briefly how Russia has been shifting her boundaries year after year nearer to the Hindu Cush range, and deducing the inevitableness of a common frontier being ultimately arrived at, where her possessions and those of Britain must touch. Professor Freeman supplies a scholarly paper under the title of " Sketches from Eastern Sicily," having embodied in his sketch materials drawn from his redundant stores of archeological knowledge. Mr. F. A. Paley discusses one of the apparently interminable Homeric enigmas ; Professor Jebb gives a valuable insight into the present condition and probable future of the Greek nation in a paper on " The Progress in Greece." A contribution of the very highest interest is Burns's unpublished commonplace book by William Jack, to which a sequel is promised. A manuscript diary or note book, in Burns' own handwriting, frequently alleged to have been stolen in the poet's lifetime and never destroyed has been placed in Mr. Jack's hands by Mr. McMillan, in whose possession it has long lain. From it a series of extracts, verification, and corrections of editions and biographies of Burns are jotted down. To meet the poet thus in dishabille is very interesting, and all admirers of the ploughman board should procure and! read Mr. Jack's article in M'Millan. " Can Reciprocity Help Us ?" is a question which Mr. A. J. Wilson examines with the assistance of statistics, and resolve with decision in the negative. Incidentally he reviews some of the causes of the existing depression, and speculates as to the remedy. Honesty in production, hard work, and moderate wages, so as to compete with continental labourers, who, in some industries, work seventy-two hours a week against the fifty-six of British workmen, are the specifics he recommends in lieu of reciprocity, which he would have discarded as both impracticable and quackish. The two serial tales Haworth's, by Miss Burnett; a Doubting Heart, by Miss Keary-are proceeded with and a homely article on Haberdashers Hall, a house where little female Waifs are treated as human beings, instead of te ing uniformed and barracked, and whence they are sent forth ultimately as serviceable trained domestics; t budget of little anecdotes, now, and not very good, respect' ing Charles Lamb and notes on Shelley's birth-place fill up the March numbers very creditable one. The chief attractions of Frazer's Magazine for March are in the art department. A glowing essay on Metastasio and the Opera of the eighteenth century is commenced by Vernon Lee, and will place Metals taste, who has been for the majority of people as a name only, before the readers of Frazer's as a living identity, while a vivid picture of the period in which he lived and of his most prominent contemporaries, is furnished, together with a most graceful essay upon the growth of opera. A Second Portfolio of Ancient Engravings comes under a similar category, and the Rev. M. G. Watkins contributes an appreciative memoir of White of Selborne, the author of that charming work, " The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne," while Mr. G. Barnett Smith does a similar service with regard to the late Walter Bagehot. This last essay will be read with no small advantage, as the writer, following the course of Mr. Bagehot's writings, furnishes critical commentaries, as he goes along, upon the wide range of subjects which were dealt with by his author, and we have thus incur.' dentally concise, but interesting, notices of numerous writers, contemporaries of Mr. Bagehot's, among whom are Lord Eldon, Coleridge, and the first Edith burgh Reviewers, including Sydney Smith, Jeffrey, our. Francis Horner. The first instalment of an historical and anecdotal sketch relating to the island of Mauritius, a conquest of Great Britain which is peculiarly circumstanced, owing to the negociations for its surrender having been concluded on the basis that the inhabitants should continue to enjoy the existing laws as well as their property, is contributed by Mr. W. Montague and will at once entertain and instruct. Under the title of "A West End Poet," a contributor disasters the memory of Haynes Bayley, "A weaker Tommy "Moore," even in whose ashes live their wonted glimmers. This is a pleasant little bit of relic hunting. The writer serves up sippets just to serve as a taste of Bayley's mildly effervescing poetic wines. To many who read the name Bayley without recognition, an account of the author of "Lilla's a Lady," " I'd be a Butterfly," " She Wore a Wreath of Roses," " I'll hang my Harp on a Willow Tree," and a score of other equally familiar old-world, lyrics, will call up memories of earlier days, dead and gone sentimentalism, and of sweet simple voices long silent. The other articles in Frazer are a whimsical set of verses, " Skeleton City," a sort of poetic enlargement of the idea of " stepping out and sitting on one's bones," a paper on " Technical Training of Girls," one entitled " The Realities of Bengal Life," and a little: commentary relating to the ghost in Hamlet. 