DOOMED. BY ETTA W. PIERCE. The clock.in the hall was striking twelve v&en; a knock echoed on nay chamber- door. The voice of Miss Dynock fluttered in through the keyhole. (jet up, rLetty, ic commanaeu, crieuy , ' your sister is dying !' I sprang from the bed where, overcome with sorrow and fatigue, I had thrown my self, all dressed, an hour before. My head was still confused with dreams of the school from which I had iust been summoned, -f I rubbed my eyes and looked around. Emily's illness and the journey of the previous day rushed back on my memory. Alas ! I was at home, in the old cottage which had once been a parsonage, and outside the moon was shining on the grey stones of the churchyard, were five daughters of the house already slept, and now — now— Emily, the last one left to me — was dying ! Miss Dynock entered, her sallow face paler than usual. ' Be calm,' she said. ' Emily is conscious, and wishes to speak to you. Do not disturb her with any outcry.' 4 Why was I not sent for before ?' L cried, resentfully. ' It was my right to be with her — to nurse her. And to think that you never sent for me till yesterday !' ' I acted according to Emily's instructions,' replied Miss Dynock, dryly. 4 She did not wash you to know of- her illness. Remember, I was her friend and playfellow before yon were born.' 'That may bo,' I' sobbed, ' but I am some, thing nearer' yet —her sister, . her only one, undyou have not treated me fairly, and 1 will never forgive you !' I broke away and ran to Emily's chamber, and failing on my knees, took up one blood less Jhapd from the coverlet, and carried it to my hot quivering lips. ' Emily !' I cried ; ' Emily, I am here I' propped by pillows, she lay, her long ljajr, grown thin and lustreless from sickness straggling loose on her shoulders. A faint, rattling breath, had superseded her cough. At the foot Of the bed stood the doctor. The midnight moon shone into the pretty orderly room, and the night lamp's light fell upon Emily's wasted face, which was full of calm composure. 4 Martha Dynock has promised to stay with you, Hetty,' she began. ' You will find her an admirable person. You are but eighteen —too young to live oh here alone. More- Over, with such tendencies as you inherit, "« you can never expect to be strong; Martha 13 just my age, and she will take my place, and be to you an elder sister.' A soft step crossed the carpet, and Miss Dynock appeared on the other side of the bed. ' You have a message- to send to Philip Kent,' she prompted, as Emily leaned hack exhausted on her pillow. I felt the bloodless hand in mine tremble slightly. ' Could I have lived till autumn, Hetty, said Emily, 4 I should have married Philip. He is on his way from Pekin even now, and is likely to arrive here at any hour. You dp not remember him, for you were a mere child whence went to the East.' No, I did not remember him, scarcely his name, for Emily, extremely reticent by nature, had never talked to me of this lover who, for ten long years, had been toiling and broiling in another hemisphere for the future which she, after all, was never to share. 4 He does not know that I am ill,' she pro ceeded. ' He will be utterly unprepared for news of my death. Martha is his cousin. She must help you to comfort him. He went East for my sake. , We were both young, and I was ambitious for Philip. But it was a mistake. These weary years of waiting have shortened my life. And now he will come, and you will see him, but I shall be dead. Hetty, Hetty, do .not let him forget me !' 4 What can I do ?' I sobbed. Anything — anything which will keep me in his memory ! I could not rest in my grave should Philip forget me. Do not tell him that I grew faded and old. Let him think of me as I was ten years ago. I am glad to die before he comes. Remember, Hetty, murmured Emily, as the rattling breath in her throat grew fainter and fainter, ' I lay this charge upon you ; do not let him forget me. Do not let him cease to love me. Remember !' We buried Emily in that dreary family row. It was an unspeakably gloomy day in the late summer. Mist and rain darkened the sky. The graveyard was full of little pools, in which my feet sank ankle-deep as I walked with Miss Dynock after the coffin, and watched it as it was lowered into the sodden earth. The old pastor who had taken my dead father's place in the parish drew me back from the open grave. 4 It is too wet aud cold for you here, ' he said. ' Take her away, Miss Dynock. She is tbe la3t of seven, remember.' Martha Dynock pulled my hand through ber arm, and we turned aud splashed home wards. I followed Martha Dynock's tail, stiff iigure into the musty old parlour, took off my mourning hat and wet overshoes, and sat down there with some of the neighbours, who had met to condole with me. 'Hetty,' said Deacon Pratt's wife, e you see how unsartin' life is. Consumption usually makes a clean sweep through a family. You are just the age your sister Drusillawas when she died. She was the prettiest girl in the town ; but what of that ? Beauty won't save a body. ' All flesh is grass.' ' Miss Dynock must steep you some bpne- set tea 1' cried smother. 4 1 thought I heard you coughing out there by the grave. Bone- set and flaxseed, and a nip of elecampane root, is what you want. All the Fox family drop like over-ripe fruit.' 4 Aud Emily so near marriage !' put in a third. 4 How sad ! There's ust room for one more grave in the row — did you notice ? Deacon Pratt called my attention to it. Well, we must be resigned, Hetty. Is Martha Dynock goin' to stay with you ? She's a dull, moping body. I never could understand why Emily was so fond of her. Everybody knows she was in love with her cousin Philip ten years ago.' Then they all went away, and left me alone with the rain and the gruesome twilight and my own thoughts. 4 And I do not want to die — I do not- want to die !' I kept sobbing, with white hps, to myself. Miss Dynock came in with lights. Will yon have tea in this room ?' she be gan to say, when we heard the street door, always left unfastened, open suddenly. A step crossed the hall. On the threshold of the parlour a man stood, loaning in upon us. He stood flushed, hurried, and eager. He was tall and broad-shouldered, and he had a tawny, outlandish look, a rich russet beard, and a pair of superb blue eyes, the sweet ness and kindness of which gave the lie direct to his resolute, cold mouth. At the first glance, also, I knew that Emily's lover, Philip Kent, stood before us. I started up with a cry. 4 Philip !' screamed Miss Dynock. He looked, not at her, but at me. Before either could speak he strode across the room, opened his arms, and snatched ine passionately to his breast. 4 Emily, my darling ! my davliug »' he cried, in a voice quivering with love aud joy unutterable ; aud he bent his tall, fan: head, and kissed me on the mouth. t Shall I ever forget that str vige,. terrible moment— that wild caress which, meant lor the dead, fell on my dumb and unresisting lips ? I pushed him from me. I' looked up, frightened and horrified, into his bending face. 4 Stop 1' I cried. 4 1 am not Emrly ; I am Hetty. Y r.y. come too late. Kmly is is — oh, # tell him!' I sobbed, farnbfw fco Martha D>mo ;k ; ktell him — I Martha Dynock rushed towards us with a ruffled — yes, eriryged air. 4 Hovl-yq dp Philip?' sKo burst out, sharpies 1 Have you quii# lopgottaq, me t 5fou come to a sad house,. Emilvl tejte buried to-day. " H etty. and T turned from her fpnenai.', He stood fob a a step and felt into, the 400m, fuid crouidipil ' " \- .. ... ... . failing health. She did not want you to know it. She would not acknowledge it to anyone, I was her nurseand companion, and I am to live here henceforth with Hetty. You remember Hetty?- She was a child when yon went away.' f He sat like a man utterly overwhelmed. Dead !' I heard him mutter, for the second time, as if he did not comprehend the word. Martha Dynock stood in the centre of the room, and watched him with strange, gloat ing eyes. I know not how long the awful silence remained unbroken, but at last he staggered to his feet, with a face like death. Where have you buried her ? ' he groaned. ' Come, and I will shbw you,' sftid Martha Dynock ; and she snatched up a shawl and flung it over her head, and they started out together. I saw them cross the garden and enter the graveyard. The gate creaked behind them, then all was still. 'God pity hinj !' I cried, from my full heart. At the end of an hour Miss Dynock came back, dripping and alone. Where is he V I asked. 'Out there — with her,' she answered. Shrugging her shoulders. Oh, Miss Dynock t' 'Don't be alarned. His heart will not break. A man's rief is rarely lasting. Come, let us have ou- tea.' I slept ir\ Emily's room that night. It was aF10>f>\d fancy of mine, no doubt, but I seemed be nearer to her toere than else- wher In the wardrobe were her dresses. , ' writing-desk,' full of Philip Kent's getters, stood in' a corner of the room. Over it hung a portrait, I went up to it, and looked sadly into the pictured eyes. ' Oh, Emily dear,' I said, how I wish that you could come back and comfort Philip Kent ! Did yon love him very much ? Yes, yes ; for you could not help it. Where are you to-night ? Do you know how utterly lonely and desolate we two are — he out yonder by your grave, I here in your for saken room?' ' Good-night,' called Miss Dynock, dryly, as she passed the door at that moment. I put out my candle, crawled into the white bed, and, overcome with fatigue and sorrow, fell asleep. I dreamed of Emily and of Philip Kent. About the middle of the night I woke. Outside, the moon was struggling in a bank of white vapour. A feeble glimmer filled the chamber. Before my eyes were fairly open, I became suddenly and instinctively conscious that some extraordinary presence Wj near me. I looked, and saw standing at the foot of the bed she who had once possessed the little room — she who had just been laid away in the graveyard across the garden wall — my sister Emily ! She stood wrapped in white—a strange, luminous white — from head to foot. On either side of her bloodless face hung down her then faded hair. One skeleton hand was stretched out to me in an attitude of menace, . the other clutched the draperies on her wasted, pulseless bosom. Her eyes — her wild, unearthly eyes, burning like living coals in their , sunken sockets — were fixed upon my face. For one terrible moment I lay voiceless, motionless, frozen with horror. I tried to shriek, but in vain. Slowly she swayed over the foot of the bed. Her extended arm moved and pointed to the window, 'I heard a hollow whisper flutter across my' pillow. t You, too, are called !' I sprang up on my pillow. 'Emily, Emily !' I shrieked. She waved me away. I saw her fading out before my eyes. I sank back on' the white bed senseless. At last I returned to consciousness, and ran into the passage to - knock at Miss Dynock 's door. She opened tp me, looking sleepy, surprised, and outrageously ugly in imdress. 'Good Heaven! what is the matter, Hetty?' I have had a dreadful dream 1' I gasped. I could not tell her more ; and she let me creep into bed beside Her, where, for the rest of the night I lay sleepless, shaking, shud dering. When Philip Kent came next day, I was lying on a sofa in the old parlour, feverish and ill. He entered the room with Miss Dynock, and seemed to fill it at once with his kindly presence. ' What is the matter with her ?' he de manded of the family doctor, who was just making his exit. ' She has sustained a great shock in her sister's death,' said the doctor, thoughtfuUy.- ' There's a slight inflammation of the chest also. Look out for her, Miss Dynock. You know the stock from which she springs.9 Philip Kent came up to my sofa. By day light he looked to be a handsome, well-bred .man of thirty, with a brown skin and a foreign air, both the result of his long resi dence in the East. His face -was a little hag- gard and his eyes blood-shotten, as if he had passed a sleepless night. At sight of me he drew his band quickly across his forehead. I feel like a man in nightmare, '.he cried out to Miss Dynock. 'It is impossible to . thing you tell me. It cannot be !' You see a family resemblance, nothing more, she answered, sharply. Choking with silent tears, I put out my in both his own, and held it fast. How sorry I am for you !' said I, And LfoF you?' he answered in a shaken voice. After a few moments he added ' I was to have been your brotlsr ; still con sider me as such and comuanl me in all things. I am inexpressively grieved to find you ill.': ; These were sfcnple words, yet they wanned and pmlqrted me strangely. He looked - around, the room,. -then said In a voice flpm ' ' ' - q! ' Yon mijghtv hot to remain in- this house wenty- fourhoufs.' \ ' TMs is Hetty's home, Philip ! -cried Miss BhelPieinain here because she ' f- She.'has hb shdter !? - ; - , -&& jj <n«$th«£ window, and seizing ahand- fid of the rank vines which darkened it, tore them down from the glads. Then pull away this rubbish and let in tbe sftn,' he Itis plain, Martha, ntadiea the laws of ; health. This room is like a tomb. You; yourself, Martha,, look woefully pinched and faded iu its trying atmosphere.' A flush overspread her sallow face \ her eyes snapped. ' Thanks for the compliment ! Emily- planted, those vines with her own hand. She trained them with care. I con fess I have not the heart to destroy her work.' His hand dropped from the wrecked mass of clusters and tendrils. A spasm o verspread his face. He closed the window. ' It was this place which killed Emily I5 he said abruptly. ' Ho, it .was phthisis,' dryly corrected Miss Dynock; 'though moping and fretting for yon hastened the disease, no doubt.' I lay twisting a loose braid nervously round my hand. I felt as if Emily's ghost was at my elbow, impelling me to speak. At last I made a little sign to Philip Kent. ' I want to talk to you of Emily,' I fal tered, ' of her death) of what she said to me in her last moments, I want to ask you never, never, never to forget her.' ' And do you think such a request neces sary V he said. I cannot help it, I am charged to keep you in remembrance. She could not rest in her grave, she said.' And then the memory of the night rushed over me in an overwhelming way, and I broke into Hysteric sobs. ' You little fool !' muttered M ;ss Dynock. ' I told him all that lasttnight in the grave yard!' I told him that Enily's absurd jealousy begrudged him frec«lum even after her death. She was supremely selfish always. I told him that it was not the handsome girl of ten years ago we buried yesterday, but an ugly querulous, worn-o it woman whom he would never have recognised.' I was petrified with indignation. Emily had particularly requested that we should -not mention her changed looks to her lover. 'How could you, Miss Dynock ?' I cried ; ' how dared you ?' ' I always dare to tell the truth,' she then answered. Philip Kent took up his hat and walked out of the house. For three long, weary weeks I lay upon my sofa, suffering no pain, but daily growing weaker. The doctor termed my malady a stubborn cold. Philip Kent pronounced it nervous depression, but I knew better — I was called ! He was very kind in those days — Philip Kent — kinder than any one I had ever knovn in all my life. His brown face and sonorous voice made, at last, the only brightness of the dismal days. 'It is all for Emily's sake,' said Martha Dynock. I knew that, but was none the less grate ful. Often he begged to carry me out, but to this Miss Dynock would never consent. From his presence I drew my courage and hope. Miss Dynock and the cottage could suggest no thought to me but of death ; but to Philip Kent I turned as instinctively as some poor perishing plant to the sun. Four weeks after Emily's burial I was one night sleeping in my chamber, when the striking of the village clock on the other side of the graveyard awoke me suddenly. With the impression that some one had called my name aloud, I started up. It was there ! I knew it, even before I turned my eyes to the foot of the bed. For a moment I thought I should never breathe again. I looked at it ; it looked back at me. Then it freed me from its ghostly draperies, and pointed through the window to the graveyard, without. For oue awful moment it stood thus ; sight and sense failed me — I fainted. The next day Philip Kent was not allowed to see me. ' What has happened to her ?' asked the doctor. ' Nothing,' said Miss Dynock. ' Has not she received a fresh shock since yesterday ?' I dropped my white face and was dumb. One afternoon when, at my own request, I had been left alone, I arose from the slip pery, harsh hair sofa, and stole out into the graveyard. 'The rusty gate creaked as. I passed through. I stumbled through the nettles and blackberry vines till I reached the family lot. There I knelt down and laid my face on Emily's grave. ' Oh, Emily !' I sobbed, ' why do you tor ment me ? I have tried, I try still, to keep you in his memory. I do indeed ! Leave me in peace. I have lived such a little while J Oh, I cannot die ! I cannot die !' A step came hastily through the grass at my side. Somebody bent over me — lifted me up. Hetty !' cried the shocked voice of Philip Kent. What are you doing here, Hetty f ' Leave me alone,' I answered, struggling with the arm which held me. ' I am doomed ! I am doomed!' He gathered me. to his side, and wrapped his cloak around me. Hush ! Hush I You are not doomed ! You need only to be re moved from these associations to become well and strong. You have no settled maladv' I pointed to the vacant corner.- ' Do you see that? It is waiting for me. t have been warned. In two months I shall lie here.' ' Hetty, Hetty, what do you mean ? Neither in two months, nor in two years, nor in two score years, please God, shall you lie here ! I shall take you far from this place. Here, by Emily's grave, I ask you to let me save you. . Be my wife, Hetty, and leave this place for ever.' 4 He kissed me again and again on brow and eyes and mouth. For one rapturous moment I lay pcwerless in his embrace ; then, with a despairing cry, I broke away. v Oh, let me go !' I cried. ' You must not say such things ! Yon must think only of Emily ! I dare not listen to you — I dare not.' " Hetty, I began by loving Emily in you, and nbw — I know not how it is— you two seem merged in one. She lives in you, 'and my love to you is my loyalty to her.' "Oh; stop !' I shuddered. " You deceive yourself Why do you talk to me of lore? Death is Hitter enough without that. Here s m graye waiting for me, and I shall fill it bbtotetheBnowa&l;' , ; fto held my hands and looked into my angry with you, Hetty,' t r_r tone of infinite tenderness, mplf 4 70u are wild with excite- Zyou love Z V ne <Uesfcion > ask J' did, and told him so with hitter tears. Martha Dynock was down on the parlour hearth, coaxing the parlour fire into a blaze. You are Imprudent, Hetty, tbfbe out sueh < night,' she said. Philip Kent seized my hand, and led me forward to the fire. Martha,' said he, 'if you have any influence with Hetty, use it j now, I loVe her with all my soul and Strength. I wish to marry her, and take her abroad ; and she drives me wild with talk of treachery to Emily. Speak to her. She will die if she is not removed from this place, and swiftly. Persuade her to listen to me.' Martha Dynock stood like a stone, as gray Sand rigid, staring first at him and then at ine. Don't speak to me !' she gasped. I hate you ! How dare you talk of love to a poor creature marked for the grave ? And youask Hetty to outrage her sister's memory, to think of you and marriage ? And Martha Dynock is the same to you now that she always was — a stick, a stone, an ugly woman !' I did not wait to hear more. She had loved him a long time, no doubt. I left him confronting her, and fled to my own chamber. He came no more. Philip Kent had left me ; with her to die. One dismal twilight, as I was creeping . down the stairs, in toe dark hall at the foot, Emily appeared suddenly. She lifted to mine her face. She raised one shadowy hand with the ol4 stern, .warning gesture, and with a great shriek I fell headlong down the stairs, and there I lay till Miss Dynock found me and carried me to the sofa. I I have been warned for the third time. I am going to die at once !' I cried. 'It is my duty, Hetty, to call the minister to talk with you about your soul. You look unusually bad to-night. It's plain to me the end is not far off' She lighted the lamp, tucked me up on the sofa, and went out, locking the door behind her — that is; locking me into the cottage. A step in the garden walk aroused me. I ran to the window. I cautiously lifted the sash and peered forth, andlo! the blue eyes of Philip Kent looked steadily into mine ! ' I cannot let you in,' I called, ' for the door is fast, and Miss Dynock has the key.5 'I watched her,' he answered. I do not want to come in. It is you who must come out to me, Hetty. Put on your hat and jacket — a thick one, mind. Do, darling !' The door is fast, I tell you.' ' But here is the window.' I forgot Miss Dynock, I forgot Emily's ghost, I forgot that I was going to die. I put on hat and walking-jacket, and, scrambling over the sill, dropped into his out-stretched arms. Have you missed me, Hetty ?' very humbly and lovingly. Oh, so much !' I answered. ' How thin you have grown — how pale ! I have been watching the cottage all the week for a chance to sep you.' He drew me through a side gate into the darkening village street. I looked around, and saw near us a carriage. Before I could speak, Philip .Kent lifted me in, and took a seat beside me. The next moment we were, rolling rapidly down the street. ' But I am in a wrapper !? I cried., in sudden dismay; Mand my hair is dressed like a Mandarin's. I really cannot go ! Besides, Miss'Dynock has gone to bring the minister . to talk to me about my soul !' A quiet laugh stole into his eyes and rippled round his lips. ' Your wrapper does not matter in the least, and ypur hair is superb. As for Martha and the minister, let them cultivate the godly gift of patience, for I do not intend to bring you back for hours to come.' 'What are you doing?' I cried out. ' Where are you going ?' He pressed my face against his breast and kissed. ' My darling, I am running away with you ! I am going straight to Spring field to be married 1 You shall never see Martha Dynock, or that abominable cottage and its graveyard, till you are my wife !' I sank back in the carriage and began to cry. He soothed and coaxed me, and kissed my tears away. J ust as the moon rose, we entered Springfield, and in a quiet parsonage parlour I stood up in a wrapper and loose braided hair, and was made Philip Kent's wife. ' My darling,' he said to me, ' I have been planning this for days. I could think of no other way to save you. Left to Martha, you Would have died in a month.' ' I shall die as it is !' I cried, despairingly, as I flung myself into his arms. 1 1 am called !' And then I opened my heart, and: told him how Emily's restless wraith had haunted me, and how I had seen it that night for the third time. Perplexed at first, he spon grew furious. ' Let us go back to the cottage at once !' he cried, k and talk with Martha Dynock.' In the old parlour, Miss Dynock ahd a score of neighbours were in solemn consulta- , tion over my mysterious disappearance. ' Martha, said Philip, going up to his cousin, 'you are relieved of all further care of Hetty, for she is now my wife. You have done your utmost to kill her. You have personated Emily's apparition three times before her, in the hope, no doubt, to shorten her life. Shame ! shame ! Confess the trick at Once to Hetty, arid so satisfy her as to the warning she has received.' Well, there was a scene, but in the end Martha Dynock acknowledged all. I am strong, l am happy ; and Philip and I both feel that Emily knows of our love, and re joices in it, the Revolutionary war the Earl of Dartmouth asked an American in London of how many members Congress consisted The reply was "Fifty- two." " Why, that Is the cumber of oards in apaok !" said his lordship, " Pray how many knaves are there?" "Not one," returned the Repub lican ; please .to recollect thftt knaves are court cards," . - . - Mtoiti. fe : OTmm. <WtraLO?gts5r!Siai?'t0-02 lievethepoesBBSraLfSS?®1 ItwUla#. quiet sleep, bj toe little chcSwa£5 " " It soothes the ohild.«»rig t pain, relieves wind, rojrSatSSL® )?ams; aJars tbf test-known a\ii3 Mm. I 