Interesting: Extracts .'.: Fatkr.':ij? a Varibtt' oir/Foriite.— The 'ifurioty'of.arliclos 'which lire now mado of paper,- both' in : Ainerica -nnil' hi*. Kriropo, ! was well" illuatrnled In tho Berlin Pnjwr Exhibition, where.- according' to ? recent description, itwits Imrci to.believe that all one mw tvnn paper. " There was paper linoii, from tiio collar to thu.petticoat ; theru (vera paper hangings, from Iho ?im \ plimt to thu most gurgeous ; paper carpets, pnpor curtains, paper chaire, papL-r tables, paper clmiidulicre, paper frames." There wore also " paper corals looking liko tli? real zoophytes and papnr'ornaineillH 'and jowollury Mot easily found out oil auda cious impositions." Boynton'm Misadventures.— Captain Paul Boynton, the famous Ruiinincr who crossed llio English Channel,, and who hao juet returned from Knriip'e,- has a number- of quour experiences to relate. At ono time, whilu floating'down tho Danube ami enjoying a nnp, liv was; awakuncd by the' duelling Bound of n largo mill H-lieel uudor .which the rapid current was carrying him. 11? could not escape, and turning himself upou his face, ho was carried under. Iho .wheel, tho piuldlos cutting n nevere gasli in hie head Ho was finally .trtken from tho wntor by aoino poraona and fainted from oxhatie tion and lose of blood! In crossing the Straits of Messina he had n depperoto Gght with a Bhark, and though ho drove tho -fish* off, ono of bis ribs was broken from a blow from its tail. Whilo floating down the Lomnio ho received a charge of shot in his upturned foot from a hunlur, who, in tho twilight, mistook those mem bers for n'duok. ? New Public School.—An application liaH been made for tho establishment of n Public Schonl nl Huiinen, near Scone. ? A KooTnALL, Plaveii Kih-kd.— The Talbot Leader nays:—lt'is with .much regret Hint wo havo to record a very nnd occurrence, .which happened on Saturday afternoon to Koburt Craig Crooks, the second son of our townsman, Mr. Uobort Crookp, storekeeper, and which ter minated fatally abuul 7 o'clock on Sun ? day morning.- Tho deceased formed ono of (lie local toam who, on Saturday last, played a match at football with the Avoca club, and throughout the gamo oxurled lii.meelf to tho iilmost to pocuro a victory for his.side. Just bofore tho termination of tlio game, ono of the Avoca players, t\?ico the lad's weight, thruw him with brutal 'violenco on his bend. On being picked up ho appeared stunned, but after a liino wan able to walk with assistance tv a tent ; but it was noon evident that litH iujiiriea wuro of a very serious nature. A conveyanco having been obtained, lio wua brought home, put to bed, mid the services nf Dr. Johnston called in. At 10 o'clock tho same night tho deceased seemed better, and little fuar was entor tnined thai tlio ciiku would terminate fatally ; but the poor follow gradually sank and died at 7 o'clock on Sunday morning, about 14 hoiiru aflur the occur rence, never having regained conscious ness. The deceased, who wax iiinctoiii years of age, was a young, man of c-on- Bidnrablo promise, and a great favourite with his companions. Thu same journal adds: The mulancholy death of the young man Itobert Craig Crookx, reportod elsewhere, is nol, wo regret In nay, the only cammlty which hnppcned in thu foot ball match on Saturday afternoon. In a melee during iho gamp, Mr. W. 11. Henderson, of tho London House, Tallin), sustained injuries which, on examination, proved to be a fractured collar bone. Tho result of thu match wax in all way* dis astrous, nnd wo trust that it will bu long before a similar ro?ult will havo to bo re cordod, or indeed that our coluuiiih will con lain a roport of auy " play" of a similar nature. Penalty j-ok Smokino.—Tlio Forlm Timr.s reporla :—' An incident happened th? other day which should bn a eaulioii to smokers agaii.Hl pulling Ihcir pipes in tlu-ir poclu-tt. bi-foru tho fire is out. Mrs. llines, of tho drudgery Hotel, Imd sent her son into Purlieu with £30 for tbo purpose of paying tho hotol license for the current year. The son, in company with auolhcr man, drove in in a spring onft, tbo former having (he money safely stowed away in tho breast pocket of his coal. After having a smoke the young man put his pipe into the pocket whuro his money was, anil soon aflewards tho pair noticed a pmull nnof something burn ing. It was then discovered that young Ilincs' coat was on Tiro, and on taking it off the pocket and its contents went found lo have completely smouldered away. Tho loss is a severo ono lo Mrs. Mines, especially in theso bud tiiurs when ruad sidu publicans find il co bard to muvt (Ilia heavy, and to them, often unequal tax.* TtiK Lkchsi.ativk Coonoii.'s Actions.— Sir It.'ParkcsH.nid that the Council had re jected twcnly-tivo bills in (hp lust cix years. Mr. Docker staled as follows : — In 3 873-74 tho Council agreed to If. out of 21 bills, threo of tho remaining live wore amended and dropped by tho As sembly ; in 1874 only one bill was Hunt up, and that waa passed ; in 1875 the Council p.iH?od 25 out of 27 ; in 1 87."i-76 tho Council negatived 4 out of 30 : in 1876-77 15 out of 25 were negatived; in 1877-78, 15 bills wore passed nut of 17; in 1878-70 3(5 bills out of 40 wcro passed, but only two wero iifgativud, tbo othor.i mueting their fato after amendment in the Assembly. Au.rxircn \Virrc Dkkkiitw.n'.—Before Iho Polico Magistrale, on Tuesday la?t, at I bo Tninworlh Police Court, John M. Carter was brought up in custody under warrant, charged with wifo desertion. Accused was romniidud to Quirimii, ilin) being tho Bench nearest to whore tho ollencn is alleged to havo boon committed. —AVi/?. Mahonic.—The Ohmrver reports : — We uiidcrrtnml lliut it is tin: inleution of local members of thu Munonic Order to erect n Hall in Tamworlh, whirli will be a credit to tlu-msi'lves and iin ornmnuiit to (he town. Ono gonthminu has given a hundred pounds towards tho movenioiil, and another has presented tho lodge with a suitable piece of ground, in Pccl-strcot. We wish brethren of tho ' inystic-tio' ovory luck.in their undertaking. The Naval Smjuaouon.—lt is ciirronlly reported in naval circles that the relieving vessel for 11.M.5. Wolverine, whoso coui inisuioii in Aiistralinn waters will shortly ho' lip, will be the Kuryaliiis, one of tho new coiuposito corvettes now doing duty as a flag ship on thu Edsl Indian Station. The Euryaliue is a lino vessel, of 4310 tone and 5000 horse power, carrying 1G of the now class of hi-avy ordnance, and is com manded by Captain N. UoWdcn Smith. Tub Stoiiy ov a Muki'.—Somu young ladies olid goiilloiiifn, who wero taking advantage of tho fjno sleighing in Canada not long since, woro obliged to ?it threo on a scat. Ono of tho scat* coutaiiii'd two gentlemen and ono lady.' The gentlemen, of course, would not allow the lady In.take an exposed seat ; hlio herefore eat in tho middle. As the niglit ?wtui cxtroniDly _ cold, gi-ntl'-man No. 1 rjuietly. passed hie. hand (a romarkably emnll one, by the wav) into the. lady h muff. As tbo niuff wa? not very- Cflpacioufl, .Uiu 'lady quietly rornoved one of her hands from thoi' time/ - In n fow moments she* felt "a iiipvoiuent on tho other found "geiitlJiiian' No. 2 .attempting to r>a?* his hand into tho mufE on the,-.other; eldo.', '.'Sha-.thon jquietly drow hor hand from tho muff, aiid allowed bin to da'bo.'- What tfcok place in tho ?mult after' she ia iinablo to tay. . But each of tho geutlcmen privately reported to r small circle of friendii how warmly tlio lady had returned thopressure of his' hand in the iniill, while thu lady has privately icporled "to her .triiinde tho' magnificent- sale ehe had' made of both gQntlomi-n. . ' ' ' Weppino As : N , ivEtisAninB.'—Tho various wodding anniversaries, an . celebrated of: lato ycatii, aro ?a? follows .-—That at tho expiration of. tho first' year iv called tho cotvou woddiii? ; two years, paper ;' threo yoare, leather or straw;', Dvo yoars, wooden: sevcu years, woollen; ten years, tin; twelve years, silk and fine linen'; fifleen yearn, crystal ;. twenty yoars, china; twenty-liyo yuari", silver ;, thirty years, pearl J forty years, ruby ; fif(y years, golden : so.Toiity-Uv.i yearn,dinmoiuK i'heae cclubraliona arc usually originated and inauagod by tbo friends of thu couplo interested, for obvious reasons, and.llio prosunte must bo of (ho material which eonforins'to tho namo nf thoanuivorsary. With tho oxcoptiou. of tho bilver aud golden weddings, and occasionally Iho wondon and tin, Ibcso anniversaries aro Doldbm culobratod. CONVKNTIOS'AI.ITIKH Or TIIA MKDIOAI. Aut in China.—A recently publishctl French work, . " Ijps l'uiiplos Hlraiigcs," given somo curious iiiformntion about modicina among the Chiiiose. A .regular gradation, il apppnrs, in i-stablished among medicines; thoro'aro 120 rcmedieti of thu first ordor, holding tho rank-of sovereign in tho medical cinptro; 120 of the second order, with.rank of ministers or higher mandarins, and 125 of tho thinl aud last order, liko subaltern ofliccrs. In China, as iv all Eastern count lies, tho physicians aro made an object of raillery motorics. Hero is it npcciincn. Hound tho doctor's abodo wander continually tbo shades of those whom they havo sent to Iho other world ; they glide Mont; tho walls, or crouch round Ilia door, hoping to get hack the body which tho medical art. has taken from (hum. Otio day n merchant's uon wont out to seek a doctor for his brother, 110 found ?uch a multi tude of dolorous ghosts round tho doors of the fashionahlu doctors, that he shrank from entering, as ho did not wish to son his brother swell thu number of victims. Ho went through tho. whole town, and at length perceived the sign of a druggist's shop iv a small obscnr.i street. Thoro wera only two ghosts livforo lliu modest abode. Tho youth knocked roHoluloly ; the ??????/ opened. " How long havo you practised medicine ?" asked tho young man. " Only since yosterday," was Iho roply. A uLOHKii letter was found by n littlo boy in a rubbish heap thrown near tho bridge over Auburn-i-trcot, Goiilburn. On tho letter being opened, it was found to contain a bank draft for £50, addressed to a gentleman iinmoil Roecoo. Tho only way to account for Ilia find is that Iho sweepings of Ilia CJoulburn post-oflico luting duposiiuil at that opol, tlio lotter by somu ineiinu must havo got mixod with Iho waste papor, and was thrown away with il. The Uev. Charles Clark disappeared very miexpiclodly from Iho Cape. Tho CVi/je Sbmilunl, of May 8, publiehun Iho following :—" Tho lecturo and concort which were aiiuoiinoud for la?l night by tho Kcv. Charles Clurlt and Miss Christian did not como olf, iho inlontc.J arlisls an<l their cluvcr innnogor, Mr. Siny.tlic, having miido a hiisly ilrpnrlnro for England Ihu previous iiftoinooti. Soma surprise wan oxprc?Ped yunlerdiiy at what Poeincd to bo a \cry middnn changci iv a vory promiMiig piograniino, nnd wo havo not hoard any B.itiKfai.tory explanation of tho movement. According to announced ar nmgoii?-nlB, they wcru to loavo on May 13, but lhc-y left on May C." llailikf at BooiiAiiiii The Bench of Muyiittriiti-it havo appointed Mr. Oeorgo Humphries, senr., baililT of (lie Small UehlH. Court at Boggabri, vice Goorgo Humphries, junior, resigned. A Ilia OliciiAiiD.—Tbe largest orchard in the trot Id i> said to bn tl.at of Roliorl. M'Kinstry at Hudson, N. V. He has 24,000 apple-trees, 1,700 pears, 4,000 cherries, r.OO jMiachc?, 200 pining. i! 00 crabs, 1,000 vines, 000 currants, aud 2iK) chostnuU. Tbo orchard Is iiilci>cctcil by over six miles of roads, and is bounded by a continuous rovr of applu-trecs sot ten feet apart for four and a half milcn. Kls applu crap last, year was 30,000 Imrrels. Who Wolm.d hk a llakkti in Tuiikbt ? —An ancient and summary mo.lv of dealing with tbu bakers is still In existence in Turkey, and ?n instimco of its uuforceinent was ruportod in the Ijomi'm pspers rcccntlr. A trailer in Uonstantiuoplu, who bad buuii cliiugiiig moro for lii? bread than the price otUclully lixud, found his shop Biiiroundcd by a mob. Iv the midst of tho tumult tbe hero of l'lcvna, Onman Pasha, appmired ; and, after Inquiring into tho trutli o! Hie charge, lie ordered tbo baker to bo.nailed by the car lo bis own door. This summary punishment wns greeted with IbiindvlH of applause, and tbu Ic-imon in said to liiivis bud n most saluUry clTcct npon all Ihu br.LulK of the TurkiKb capital. Ci'.Li;imiTii:?.—Tbo writer of Town Talk in tbo s\nrr,7i,ri Herald remarks :—Tbo monotony of the town lia? been slightly broken by the appearance In our midst of two great celebrities—ll. I.evlen, tbo sporting lawyer, as his fi- iimd* in Maitland familiarly call him, and ltot>i-rt Wutson, tho chniiiplon pedeHli-iaii. Harry Ims greatly Improved biucc bo resided amongst us, and In jKiliticul circles U looked M]?ti nn the coming ninn in the event of J. JicKlhone, Ksn.. retiring from publin life. It is tho Intention of the electors of tbu Upper Hunter t? try and pcmiade Mr. Lcvicn to represent them. but. a litllu bird whlxpcrcd to mc that ilituk-y lluMiiutt will find i>l Did next election what it is to bu opened by a man of Ihu people. I was greatly surprised- wl en 1 met Watson, r had a dim Idea of meting him Borne years ago. but thought the great man would linrdly know mc. I summed it up In mv mind uCtcr this manner : Hero is a man who has beaten all comers, including Melbourne Wntsoii, Stone Dnvie, who camo all the way from America to break tbo miners. Kra.uk Hewitt, a first-class man in bis own country, where a. man lint, to bu B-jmothini! out of tho common buforo hin namo will be muniloiicil even a? a third rat or, and last, though not Ihu Ic.ist, tba great Applctt, supposed by bin admiiers to be tlii! best mm in the world. I thought it but natural that under the circumstances n man would be inclined to put on any amount of sidu, but I wn.l Mii.it.-.l:en, a quieter or moro unassuming mnn you could not muct. He seldom speaks of hi? many victories un less nuked, anil is only too willing to glvo you any information that may be of service. An a Commercial Traveller be ban already made a name for himself. If a customer ia hesitating, Iho tn-inkle in Dob's eye, and tho slight touch of tint brogue fascinlncs, and the order is at once given. I will conclude thin paragraph by clnng a lady's opinion on Itobert, ? I ruther like hia style.' CJunious ADVKirriakM?NT.—The follow ing curiou? advertisement of a birth lately appeared in tho WelUnytan J'utt :—' On Iho 18lli February ut Walniiio-mato, tbe wife of I). Sinclair, of twin daughters ; all wall ; father dulightcd.' Happy-man I 