A Story of the Dry Season. It was between three and four o'clock of a September afternoon ; the crowd on the beach of St. Miguel had gathered earlier than usual, in anticiijation of a cool, and possibly foggy, night. There was no wind, and the surf was low. The broad, bright bay lay shimmering and throbbine1 beneath the blue deuth of skv. across which. iaint, indefinite white vapours, like the smoke from a great pipe of peace, drifted in from the sea. The purple moun tains opposite were hidden by a long white bar ot' mist. A group of bare-legged, bropzed fishermen, in scant apostolic draperies, were dragging in their heavy nets through the surf, while out on the bay glimmered, like crescent moons, the triangular sails of a little fleet of fish ing-boats. Except for these, and the flight of sea-birds, th« vast ellipse ot water, narrowing to the ocean, held no other sign of life. In an angle of shadow, cast by a bold projection of the clifi towards the surf, a little feminine group of three had sought shelter, alike from the crowd and the glare. Above their heads towered the rocky wall, in pale shadow, with a fringe of sunlight lingering in the coarse brown grasses which rise from it, like the stubborn growth on the fore head of a giant. The smallest member of this trio was disposed, in a bundle of white woollen wraps, in a hollowed trough of sand, with an umbrella over its head inclined towards the light. Beside the white bundle lay a graceful woman's form, stretched out prone, with her hands clasped above her belt-buckle, a broad straw hat concealing all of her face but a very fair and purely moulded chin and throat. Near this recumbent figure in the tantalizing hat, a very obviously pretty girl, without any hat, was seated, working at sonic coarse embroidery, and from time to time bestowing a glance upon- the groups which strayed from the crowd beyond their rocky screen. Her rough reddish-brown hair was ' banged ' across the brows, and gathered into a thick club at the back of her neck ; she had very blue eyes with long reddish-gold lashes, and eyebrows of a darker shade ; her cheeks were rosy and freckled, and a little cleft in the chin seemed a playful after-thought of Nature's in plan ning her lively prettiness. ' 'Why, there is Dr. Benedict ! ' she exclaimed, pressing her thimble finger deep into the firm rondure of a . rosy cheek. ' Mrs. Ellison, don't you want to look at him ? He's the young doctor I told you of who studied in Paris.'' ' I hope I shall never want to see him more than I do now,' murmured a sleepy voice from under the hat. ' But I'm glad he has studied somewhere. How many doctors have you here, Georgie — five ? and this is the only one who can boast a regular education ? ' ' Oh, we cannot be sure of that, you know. I suppose a doctor doesn't go round showing his diploma, and those who haven|t any are licensed by a board, or a committee, or something, in San Francisco. But you wouldn't think much of that, I dare say, Mrs. Ellison ; you have no faith in our institutions.' ' I'm afraid I haven't much faith in institutions any where, Georgie : but I have in people.' She stretched out a slender hand and patted Miss Georgie's ankle, which happened to be the part of that young lady nearest her. ' I consider the sunshine of California a tremendous institu tion ; and 60 are tlie ghls. I only hope they may wear as well.' '? 'Why, then we should be girls for ever. I should like that, I'm sure ! I wonder if i)r. Benedict is coming to speak to me ? He hasn't called since the night of the can tata, when I sang Queen Esther. I thought may be he was u-ad about something. He said some queer things that night. They were furious compliments, I suppose, but they sounded as if they were rig-lit out of the Bible. Don't you think it's horrid, Mrs. Ellison, for a gentleman to pay you a compliment out of the Bible ':' Mrs. Ellison had risen, and was patting into shape her braided knot of fair hair, and shaking the sand from her thin silken draperies. i; Queen Esther is in the Apocrypha, you know, Georgie. You wouldn't mind an apocryphal compliment, would you ? ' Here J)r. Benedict arrived within bowing distance, and Miss Georgie was presenting him to Mrs. Ellison. 'The eastern lady who is boarding with us,' she ex plained, with her girlish smile and her blunt schoolboy manner. Dr. Benedict bowed ceremoniously. Mis. Ellison looked at him somewhat vaguely, with her large, grey, near sighted eyes ; they were beautiful eyes, set wide apart under a broad, iow brow- Her face might have been a little too ? intense in expression, without the half -appealing uncer tainty and wistful intentness of those wide, grey eyes. Their gaze was flattering from its earnestness, but chilling from its impersonality. She made no attempt at conversa tion beyond the couinionplaces which, follow an introduc tion. She lifted her eye-glass and let it follow the people strolling on the beach ; gradually it approached and rested on Dr. Benedict's figure. As lie* bent above Miss Georgie's smiling chattel', Benedict was aware that he was being inspected by the very fair and distinguished-looking young lady from the east ; and being also conscious of an irre proachable profile, was correspondingly disappointed that the inspection was eo brief. He turned a little towards the surf, and remarked, as if to made the conversation more general, that those fellows hauling in their nets were really very good. ' As ttcy stoop all together they remind me of a fainily of storks frog-hunting on the edge of a swamp ; they are exactly like those clever generalities on the backs of *Jap. fans. He looked over Miss Georgie's head towards Mrs. Ellison, who smiled faintly, but made no other reply. ' Shall we walk down a little way and see what they are catching ? Some of the fisii are very beautiful just out of the water.' Mifs Georgie had risen, but Mrs. Ellison, remained seated, saying : 'Thank you! I have my baby, you see; she will be waking scon.' ' Oh'. 1 forgot the baby,' cried Miss Georgie. 'Let me 6tav with her, please, Mrs. Ellison. It is all an old story to me, and you always gee so much, more than I do. Please let me stay.' Mrs. Ellison looked at Georgie with a smile, which the young doctor considered over-payment for the offered ser vice. ' No, indeed, my dear. I can see it ail from here, quite well. Go and tell me if we are to have pomDanos for breakfast.' Mrs. Elb'son's maternal manner with Miss Georgie, who looked so very few years her junior, .itiiused Dr. Bene dict. He wondered if it were a little affectation; recalling her face, be decided that it was not. She takes everything very earnestly, »nd lives a great deal in a few minutes, he speculated ; she feels well along in erneripn IT' — ' — I never make a woman of the world ^^eace» but she wUl ? ' Mrs. Ellison seems a very devoted «, a. ? marked to Miss Georgie. 'I C*' he re. ? times on the beach, but always with hfr wT h^8e»eral ? never trust it to a nurse?' Wlm *'* baby. Do^ ? 'She hasn't any nurse! Thev am Tint *„ ? least not now. Mr.Effison?^hnLTin\^wdloff.at I him ever so much— almost as much as I do h« d * ^ ? handsome, and quite young, and as dart o o 's real H 'Is Mr. Ellison a Cahfonuan'^D^k \Sii^'1 ? indifferently. 'r* Bene&ct; asked, I 'I don't know what he is; I don't ]»]»», i. , ? himself. I asked him once if he was an fil1* ^ ? laughed and said, « I came very near itZi £f? m^- he ? Sandwich Islands.' He don't seem to ca^ W minthe I out here, but I've heard him E atW £ 'SF** I everything perfect in the East. I g^Ls he 1^!^ I anything'** perfect anywhere— except his Wife 25, 1 9°* I mind taking care of the baby.' M&bcMpL; h*011'1 I easy to telk of Mrs. Ellison; her little TSnS '? I women around her, her nearness, and hPr w™T m the ? added to her attraction. « She Ukes it buSfT'*11 I tend she does it for that reason. TherewW1*6' I that kind about her. She makes no secret o ?ft- of I rather poor, and takes it all as easy as j^ pL2e T m '^ ? like that; it's the way we California^ do Pafr I made two or three fortunes, and lost them rin,! r M ? remember. We are awfully poor now butTsuSP tm I thiDg will happen before loig1. PveCso^S^T I anyway. Oh! Do you want to see those fisW ^ I much ? The sand is all wet down t^ LeS?? so I the beach and look at the people.' ^tuswalkup ? Returning at length to Mrs. Ellison, they found herwith I the baby, a rosy httle g.rl of eighteen months, on herkn I her hands clasped under its arms, and her cheek r^l P- ? itsheadwhenevertheheadwasstiU. Shebokfeely I happy, buther face, in repoee, had already learned the o'k I of one who waits for rest or joy, long dekved 9 ' Are you going to wait another six months befow ™,, I come to see us, Dr. Benedict?' said Miss GpZ!7 I Benedict lifted his hat in farewell. °T&*' as I 'Is it so long as that, Miss Hunter? You know it I doesn't look well for a young doctor to have too much time I ior society. ? ' Oh, well, you can call professionally, then I «.«, I some of us can manage to get sick, in spite of the clinmte » I Dr. Benedict found leisure, a few days later, to make an ? unprofessional call on Miss George Hunter. He found her I gracefully occupied in clipping the dead leaves and twin I from a passion-vine that screened the angle of the piazza I The low afternoon sun pierced it here and there with ? gleams which lighted the bright head and white-rohei I figure of the young girl with charming effect. As he I came up the walk Benedict thought of the ' Gardener's ? Daughter,' and then, with a smile, of Miss Georgie's pro- I bable stare of surprise, were he to greet her with an allu- ? sion to that lovely and mythical person. ? ' Gracious ! What a mess you have found me in ! ' she I cried jgaily, as she met him, rustling her white draperies I over the dead leaves which strewed the piazza floor. ' Sit m down, please. It is so much plcasanter out here. I'll ? sweep all- this up in a minute.' 9 The piazza ran across the front of the house and along I the side, then turning another angle, crossed a small one- ? fitoiy wing which joined the house at some distance back. I Miss Georgie did not follow the piazza, but tripped across ? the grass-plot to the open door of the wing. She took ? down a broom from behind it, and paused a mouient at fl another door witbin. ? 'Mrs. Ellison?' ? . The lady was stooping over her baby's crib ; she looked U up and smiled, with a finger on her lip. Miss Georgie's ? voice became a loud whisper. ? ' It's Dr. Benedict. 1 wish you'd come out. I don't ? know how to talk to him.' H Mrs. Ellison, still smiling, and softly patting the baby, ? motioned Georgie away. ? 'Shall I shut the door r' ? ' No, thank you.' B There was a playful altercation between Miss Georgie ? and Benedict, as to which should use the broom. Proles- ? sional firmness and masculine strength conquering, as H usual, Dr. Benedict possessed himself of tho broom, which ? he handled with such skill that Miss Georgie exclaimed : ? ' Well ! I guess you wanted to show me how well you ? can sweep. Oh, you -mustn't scatter them on the grass like ? that. Sweep them up in a little heap, and Gong will cany ? them away Dy-and-by. What are you going to do -with ? that broom?' ? ' I'm going to hang it up behind the door, where 1 saw ? you get it.' . ? ' Well, I wonder what you will do next ! ' ? Benedict, with a laugh, carried off the broom in triumph. ? He did not skip across the grass, but decorously followed ? the piazza. As he hung the broom on its nail, he saw, ? reflected in a mirror against the wall of the dim passage, as ? much of an inner room, bright with afternoon sunlight, as ? the open door revealed. It was the glance of a second, bat ? two objects in the room fixed themselves upon his vision ? with perfect distinctness ; ono was Mrs. Ellison, seated in ? the open window reading a letter, the other a child s crib- ? a large carved ebony crib, elaborately inlaid, and mountett m with brass. . „ . m As Dr. Benedict came down the piazza again, rnss h Georgie exclaimed : . . ? .i.. B ? ? Why, how pale you look ! Did you see a ghost in tne m paBsager'' c,l I 'Ah! It's the 6weepuig,.you see, has used me up. buca h violent exercise does very well for women.' , ? He sat down with his back to the light, and laugnea a rather nervously. ,. . .?_„ ? 'Well, vou are queer. I don't know half the™6 ? whether vou're in earnest or not. But you look pale . ? ' You 'are accustomed to the bronzed complexionsot your « trallant Califomians, Miss Hunter. It is my misfortune h 1 It warvery^sy to change the subject with Miss OmpK I she was not pertinacious. Just before Benedict took ms ? leave, he remarked carelessly: t,. -nnvement I ' That little mirror in your passage would be convemw j for a burglar. I could have seen the entire contents oi w- ? Ellison's room. I did see what a curious crib norcnu — slept in. Old Spanish, isn't it? Something she picked up ? °U'yersTshe got it at.Qross and Wenger's , fa to Og I Avenue. She says it's a great bargain and goes on abo | its beauty and ' sombemess,' she cans it I shouia ^ ) ? was somber! 1 wonder it does not give Maudie toe com- ? 81 '^urse it wasn't fitted up?' the doctor mgf* I « How do you mean?-mattresses and P'*™-, et &e; ? there was a mattress, almost new, but she wouJto t « | baby sleep on it till she had re-covered it. BSeom ^ M eelf-every stitch, with the babyplaying round thero^^ | the time. You seem very much interested %$T*-S'liiner's ? crib; shall I ask her to let you see it: -»' ? Magazine. , . ? (To be contmued-J ? Infuriated bees are terrible antagonists. An j°|^-oUS I geese attacked by these ordinary peaceable J^,. ftn4 ? little inEects is given in a recent nim™!rirLted may be ? some notion of their viciousness **» 'Pga. creature ? gathered from the fact of their being 'J''^ ^d down ? so well covered with a protecting p°a*«f XuhUe would ? as a goose. Under such circumstances ^tc^v The ? the human biped in his summer tnmw* ^ weeb, ? following is the incident referred to ??-* insisting -* ? swarm of bees and a flock °* /V^ntv.eight well- ? one gander, six mother-birds and twenty e ^^ ? trroTv-n goslings, had lived together ffl «» attetnpt- ? garden, in t£e utmost harmony, *$»*£% other- | ing to- interfere with the F*''* ''ling began ? Ole day, however, an ^f^^^fUs^^ I picking about the straw of tUen^VL'b^ TheuubapPy ? punished by a sharpstingfromone ^of tM s d«* ^ ^ ? bird gave vent to its outraged Wj»»% P*0^ I flapptog, and in an instant the ^^^neither age oor ? tated themselves upon the gf^^rfs vrere unable ? sex. The garden gate being closed, toejD bvtnettnU^ ? to escape, and before a servant, a™? ^ were tog ? noise, could hurry to the rescue, ?« °£gX injiiirfjg I outright, and two others - we« ieo seno ap pn. e g thev lied shortly afterwards. ,Th^ma^ hour, the be- ? liwlhnent. ultimately recovered, : ^.'^aie »nk1 U I would suffer neither man nor t^-' m garden.' ? 