SUJSTDAi. A LECIUBB DELIVERED BY REV. O. COPLAND, AND PUBLISHED BY REQUEST. We liave perused this lecture with somewhat mingled feelings. While agreeing with much therein advanced, and fully appreciating the charitable and kindly spirit in which it is conceived and expressed, we yet feel constrained to take serious exception to some of the positions 'thi Author assumes. In his brief preface he informs us that he consented to publish his lecture in order to serve those of his fellow-citizens whose convictions upon the subject are still unsettled. This service of settling the convictions of his fellow- citizens, Mr. Copland seeks to render by discussing these four points. 1st, The origin of the Lord's Day, now called Sunday. 2nd, Is the Lord's Day based upon the Fourth Commandment? 3rd, The way in which the Lord's Day is to be observed, and 4th, The bearing of the views advanced upon our present position. Mr. Copland, of course, does not assumte that there is any logical sequence in these positions. The work of settling convictions is attempted by a discussion of those topics separately and independently. Whether the plan pursued bears with it any prospect of success, or whether the lecture, as a whole, is fitted to fulfil the benevolent intentions of its author, is open to very grave question.' How^ for instance, does the author deal with the first point —the origin of the Lord's Day, now called Sunday ? Withput preface or apology we fir® taken at once to the Sta^te-book of . the emperor Constantine. ' How unnatural, we feel inclined to exclaiin, for a Christian minister to lead his audience and his readers from the feet of Jesus to the council chamber of a semi-pagan prince, and that too on a question connected with the most vital memorial day of the Christian system! It seems to us hopeless to get ' settled convictions from the decrees of Constantine on any Christian doctrine or observance whatever, and surely the bewildering regions of Patristic Theology into which Mi*. Copland conducts are not the scenes in which the spirit of a man may find rest, or his mind settled convictions. The "Verily, verily^ I say, unto you" of Jesus is surely more tranquilisrag far than the dissonance and antagonisms of the u Fathers," or of the schools. What, after all, do we get from this decree-pf Constantine? The origin of the 'Lord's Day f The origin of the day called' Sunday? Weaver that that decree gives us the origin of neither. Sunday, a day consecrated to the Sun-god, was observed by various peoples and tribes'/ ^es iiWtjr. tb the days or to the dy nftSty of Constantine. If Mr. Copland contends that the decree in question was the first CIVIL recognition of the day in connection with Christian observances, we may concede the point, but little is gained by the concession. That decree was admittedly a compromise with special concessions to pagan prejudices. Most of the decrees of Constantine on Christian matters took the form of compromise, and from this cause issued most disastrous results to the Church in after ages. Mr. Copland knows this, and we must express surprise that he, a Congregational minister, should seek to gather strength to any position he may assume—from the shifty uncertain policy of the Emperor Constantine. The origin of the Lord's Day the lecture before us traces to the Apostles. We take the liberty of quoting from page 7. f < We are justly warranted in maintaining that the Lord's Day had its origin with the inspired Apostles, and so becomes binding upon all who take inspired Scripture as their guide. Beyond this we cannot go." We are aware that the practice of the inspired Apostles has in certain circumstances the force and authority of law, but we demur to the allegation that " the Lord's Day began with the Apostles." We affirm that the Lord's Day began with the Lord Himself. It was the day of His resurrection from the dead, and it was by no accidental arrangement that He rose on the first day of the week. It was the day on which He first shed resurrection light upon the doctrines He had taught, and the institutions He had set up. It was on the Resurrection Day that He met with His disciples instructing their minds, comforting their hearts, opening to them the Scriptures. His fellowship on the Resurrection Day taught them to expect His presence on the first day of the week, and accordingly when that Say again came round—clearly a day of religious convocation—Jesus once more is in the midst of His disciples, breathing over them His wonted benediction. He absents Himself from the disciples a whole week, and by appearing among them a second time on the first day of the week, and in the scene of public worship, expresses in the most emphatic manner His approval of the order, both as respects the time and the engagements of the infant Church." ; The Lord consecrates the first day of the week by the glorious work of resurrection. He observes it as a day of holy convocation on two minutely-described occasions, and the disciples ever after designate it the " Lord's Day." There is no break in the observance by which the Apostles may be supposed to come in as originating the Lord's Day. The Apostles only walked in the footsteps of their Master. He it was who set up the holy institution, and consecrated its first observance with the unction of His personal benediction. We wonder Mr. Copland lingers at the stream when the fountain is so near ; we wonder that he follows the disciples when the footsteps of the Master may be heard. Striving, as he says, to anchor the institution on the safe ground of apostoiic example; we wonder that he has overlooked a securer anchorage still in the immovable ground laid in the infallible and declaratory acts of a present Divinity. We confess that we have perused what is written under the second head of this lecture with deep concern, The forms of expression seem to us strange as coming from a Christian minister, and from one BO ingenuous and sincere as we knowt he author to be. " Is the Lord's Day based upon the Fourth Commandment?" "I believe tne Lord's Day to be another institution than the Jewish Sabbath." " So far as I can judge, our Sunday does not depend upon the Fourth Commandment." Such are some of the author's modes of expression—not at all calculated, in our opinion, to settle, but rather to tinsettle religious convictions upon this question. How does the lecturer support himself in what we cannot but regard as his rash attack upon the sanctions of the S.ibbatb law ? we reply by an array of authorities—fathers, confessors, reformers, and even apostles. As in duty bound, we must listen to the Apostle, but in regard to the others, we are prepared to affirm that for every great name quoted on the one side we could specify another equally authoritative on the other. But is this the way to canvass the question ? Is it right or seemly thus to put up the Decalogue, or any part of it, to vote as if it were a matter of parish dispute; or a burgess election f'' Is it come to this that a duty may be' held aB uncertain till there is perfect unanimity among Christians regarding it? Is moral obligation suspended till the vOte becomes unanimous? Admit the principle, and we ask what error or folly is .there that .may nyt borrow the sanction of somei great'name 1 But the. Apostle, We are reminded, classed the Sabbath among the meats and drinks and ritual observances of the old economy, apd Mr. ,Copland .says: If that commandment (the foutth) Remained in force, "Paul would surely - have bid his' Gentile converts " Remember iti'' But why should he bid them remember an ordinance established among them for jno^e tbaa thirty years. It wfts, at all events,; that length of tipie from, the/jate of the Resurreciiiop wben-JiPj wrote his epistle. Theb, in re* card to the passages quoted from the Epistles to the Boraans ana'Oolossians; it is clear to .our mind that they relate exclusively to ritual ,obser> vances. . Judaising teachers had at Rome, Colosse, and other places, attempted to make the observance of the SEVENTH day as well as the FIRST binding upon the Christian churches. The Apostle interferes to protect their Christian liberty. They might observe the SEVENTH day if they chose, but no man was to compel them to do so, or condemn them if they did not. To suppose that these verses were intended by -the Apostle to declare that all days under the Christian dispensation were alike, is to suppose him to write one thing and practice another. But Mr. Copland argues that we must take the fourth commandment as it is—"we have no right to tamper with it." Would that the caution he prescribes had been allowed full Bway over himself in relation to the lecture. He evidently iuapliea that if we are bound by the law of observance we must be bound also by the law of penalty for its infraction. But the obvious answer is that under the Jewish dispensation other moral delinquencies—idolatry for example, and adultery, and blasphemy, and stubborn filial disobedience—were punishable with death as well as Sabbath-breaking, Let us on this point hear an authority, who, though dead, yet speaketh" with a leader's voice:—"There is no inconsistency," says Wardlaw, " in holding ourselves bound by the moral precept, although not bound by the particular penalty annexed to the transgression of it, no inconsistency of regarding the former as of universal obligation, and the latter as peculiarly Jewish. The laws respecting penalties arose out of that exclusively Jewish system of government — the Theocracy, and no other people can be bound to conformity to the penal sanctions adhibited to the violation of moral precepts under that system unless it can make out for itself the existence of a similar relation to God. But this does not at all affect the universality of the obligation of the commands of the moral law." To our mind it appears inexplicable that the universal and permanent obligation of the Fourth Command should ever have been questioned. How came it to occupy its central place in the Decalogue ? It is one of ten precepts of which all the rest are beyond controversy—moral. In the First Commandment we have the EXCLUSIVENESS of God's worship ; in the Second the SFIEITUALITY of His worship; in the Third its devout and reverential character ; in the Fourth the appropriation to it of a certain fixed and regularly returning portion of time at the guarantee that it shall not be overlooked. or set aside. All this is moral—clearly and divinely moral—and as such is neither Jewish nor Gentile, but belongs to all mankind —of permanent and universal obligation. If the first table of the law surrounds the name and worship of God with solemn sanctions, the second table, with the same high moral tone, places a shield over the name and the interests of wan. The Fifth Commandment defines the allegiance of our households ; the Sixth protects the sanctity of our lives ; the Seventh the legitimacy of our offspring and the purity of our character ; the Eighth places a sword over our property, and forbids the spoiler ; the Ninth guards the reputation of our character; the Tenth proscribes and seeks to drive from the heart every secret wish that might seek to injure us. But the Fourth Command has no word to us now. It is dumb, so vve are told; it takes its place among the other precepts of the Decalogue, it is true, but to serve no purpose—a shrivelled piece of auti- quarianism now, without a tongue for us, without a heart, without a sympathy; proscribed by some as the ghost of a defunct ritualism, denounced by others as the device of an interested priesthood, ruthlessly bisected by some as a day too long by half, treated by others as a day too many, or by others as a day without a purpose, and therefore no day at all, "Poor persecuted, expatriated Fourth Commandment! everything in the universe has its end and its object but it. The sunbeam has its message, and the rain drop its blessing. Foxes have holes and die birds of the air nests, but it has not where to lay its head." If liberties are thus taken with enq of theenactrpents of the iwrMLaw why may the sameliberty riot be,taken with others ? . And surely these are not the days for any pulpit influence to ihave even the appearance of abettingf those ivlio seek tp tihake the pillars of'our'Faith and dislodge t£ie " ancient landmarks." Yet', niacb of whpi Has been spoke^ ^ ^ritten lately by ministers, on the Sabbath Question, to our apprehension, smacks very much of the dialect of Ashdod, : ' 