Tales and Sketches. A GHOST OF THE SIERRAS. By Bret Harte. It was a vast silence of pines, redolent with balsamic breath, and muffled with the dry dust of dead bark and matted masses. Lying on our backs, we looked upwards through a hundred feet of clear, unbroken Interval to the first lateral branches that formed the flat canopy above us. Here and there the fierce sun, from whose active persecutions we had just escaped, searched for us through the woods, but its keen blade was dulled and turned aside by intercostal boughs, and its brightness dissipated in nebulous mists throughout the roofing of the dim, brown aisles around us. We were in another atmosphere, under another sky; indeed, in another world than the daz zling one we had just qnitted. The grave silence seemed so much a part of the grateful coolness, that 1 we hesitated to speak, and for some moments lay 1 quietly outstretched on the pine tassels where we had first thrown ourselves. Finally, a voice broke the silence: "Ask the old Major; he knows all abont it!" The person here alluded to under that military title was myself. I hardly need explain to any Call fornian that it by no means followed that I was a ! "Major," or that I was "old," or that I knew any- ; thing about "it," or indeed what "it" referred to. J The whole remark was merely one of the usual con ventional feelers to conversation—a kind of social preamble, quite common to our slangy camp inter course. Nevertheless, as I was always known as the Major, perhaps for no better reason than that the speaker, an old journalist, was always called Doctor, I recognised the fact so far as te kick aside an inter vening saddle, so that I could see the speaker's face on a level with my own, and said nothing. "About ghosts!" said the Doctor, after a pause, which nobody broke or was expected to break. " Ghosts, sir! That's what we want to know. What are we doing here in this blank old mausoleum of Calaveras County, if it isn't to find out something about em, eh 7" Nobody replied. " Thar's that haunted house at Cave City. Can't be mere than a mile or two away, anyway. Used to be just off the trail." A dead silence. The Doctor (addressing space generally), "Yes, sir; it was a mighty queer story." Still the same reposeful indifference. We all knew the Doctor's skill as a raconteur; wa all knew that a story was coming, and we all knew that any inter . ruption would be fatal. "Yes, sir," continued the Doctor, coolly resting the \- back of his bead on the palms of his hands, "it was lather curious. All except the murder. That's what gets me, for the murder had no new points, no fancy touches, no ssntiment, no mystery. Was just one of the 'sub-head' paragraphs. Old- fashioned miner scrubs along on hardtack and beans, and saves up a little money to go home and see relations. Old-fash ioned assassin sharpens up knife, old style; loads old flint-lock, brass-mounted pistol; walks in on old fashioned miner one dark night, sends him home to his relations away back to several generations, and walks off with the swag. No mystery there; nothing to clear up; subsequent revelations only impertinence. | Nothing for any ghost to do, who meant business. More than that, over forty murders, same old kind, I committed every year in CalaverAS, and no spiritual pest orbits coming dne every anniversary; no assess ments made on the peace and quiet of the surviving community. I tell you what, boy, I've always been inclined to throw off on the Cave City ghost for that alone. It's bad precedent, sir. If that kind o' thing is going to obtain in the foot-hills, we'll have the trails full of cbaps formerly knocked over by Mexicans and road agents ; every little camp and grocery will have stock enongh on hand to go into business, and where's there any security for surviving life and property, eh? What's your opinion, Judge, as a fair-minded legislator 7" Of course there was no reponse. Yet it was part of the Doctor's system of aggravation to become dis cursive at these moments, in the hope of interruption, and he. continued for some moments to dwell on the terrible possibility of a state of affairs in which a gentieman could no longer settle a dispute with an enemy without being subjected to succeeding spiritual embarrassment. Bat all this digression fell upon ap parently inattentive ears. ■* Well, sir, after the murder, the cabin stood for a long time deserted and tenantless. Popular opinion wasTgainst it. One day a ragged prospector, savage with hard labour and harder luck, came to the camp, looking for a place to live and a chance to prospect. After the boys had taken his measure, they concluded that he'd already tackled so much in the wsy of diffi culties that a ghost more or less wouldn't be of much account. So they sent him to the haunted cabin. He had a big yellow dog with him, about as ugly and as savage as himself; and the boys sort o' giatulated themselves, from a practical visw point, that while thsy were giving the old ruffian a shelter, they were helping the cause of Christianity against ghosts and goblins. They had little faith in the old man, but went their whole pile on that dog. That's where they were mistaken. "The house stood almost three hundred feet from tl nearest cave, and on dark nights, being in a hollo* WAS as lonely as if It had been on the top of Shasta If you ever saw the spot when there was just moo enough to bring out the little surrounding clumps < chapparal until they looked like crouching figure and make the bits of broken quartz glisten like skull you'd begin to understand how big a contract thi man and that yellow dog undertook. " They went into possession that afternoon, and ol Hard Times set out to cook his supper. When it wj over he sat down by the embers and lit his pipe, the ye low dog lying at his feet. Suddenly "Bap i Bap comes from the door. "Come in," says the mt gruffly. "Bap !" again. "Come in and be i yon," says the man, who has ne idea ef getting np 1 open the door. But no one responded, and the ne momgnt smash goes the only sound pane in the on! window. Seeing this, old Hard Times gets up, wi! the devil in his eye, and a revolver in his hand, fc lowed by the yellow dog, with every tooth showin and swings open the door. No one there! But; the man opened the door, that yellow dog, who hi been so chipper before, suddenly begins to ciou< and step backward, step by step, trembling and sb verlng, and at last crouches down in the chimne; without even so much as looking at his mcster. TI man slams the door shut again, but there comes ai . other smash. This time it seems to come from insil the cabin, and it isn't until the man looks around at sees everything quiet that he gets up, withont spea ing, and makes a dash for the door, and tears roui the cabin like mad, but finds nothing but silence at darkness. Then he comes back swearing and cal \- the dog. But that great yellow dog that the Bo; would have staked all their money on is cronchii under the bunk, and had to be dragged out like coon from a hollow tree, and lies there, his eyes stai ing from their sockets; every limb and muscle quive ing with fear, and his very hair drawn np in b-ist"-h ridges. The man calls 1dm to the door. He dra himself, a few steps, stops, sniffs, and refuses to | further. The man mils him again, with an oath ai a threat. Then, what does that yellow dog do 7 I crawls edgv.ise towards the door, crouching blmsc against the bank till he's flatter than a knife blad then, half-way, he stops. Then that great yellow d begins to walk gingerly—lifting each foot up in tl air, one after the other, still trembling in every 11m Then he stops again. Then he crouches. Then 1 gives one little shuddering leap—not straight forwai but up—clearing the floor abont six inches, as if—" "Oversomething,"interrupted the Judge, hastil lifting himself on bis elbow. The Doctor stopped instantly. "Juan," he sa coolly, to one of the Mexican packers, " quit foolii with that riata. You'll have that stake out and th mule loose in another minute. Come over this way The Mexican turned a scared, white face to t! Doctor, muttered something, and let go the deer-sk hide. We all up-raised our voices with one aceoi the Judge most penitently and apologetically, ai implored the Doctor to go on. " I'll shoot the first man whe interrupts you again added Thornton, persuasively. But the Doctor, with his hands languidly under h head, had lost his interest. " Well, the dog ran ( to the hills, and neither the threats nor cajoleries bis master could ever make him enter the cabin agal The next day the man left the camp. What time it 7 Getting on to sundown, ain't it 7 Keep off n leg, will yon, you Greaser, and stop stumbling roui there! Lie down." Presently the Doctor recommenced lazily, as if i interruption had occurred. " As I said before, I never put much faith in th story, and shouldn't have told it, but for a rath curious experience of my own. It was in the sprit of '62, and I was ane of a party of four, coming i from O'Neill's, when we had been snowed np. It w awful weather; the snow had to sleet ai rain after we crossed the divide, and the water w out everywhere ; every ditch was a creek, every cre< a river. We had lost two horses on the North For we were dead heat, off the trail, and sloshing roun with night coming on, and level hail like shot in oi faces. Things were looking bleak and scary whe riding a little ahead of the party, Isaw alight twin ling in a hollow beyond. My hoise was still fresh, : and calling out to the boys to follow me and bear for j the light, I struck out for it. In another moment I was before a little cabin that half burrowed in the 1 black chapparsl; 1 dismounted and rapped at the door. There was no response. I then tried to force the door, but it was fastened securely from within. I ! was all the more surprised when one of the boys, who had overtaken me, told me that he had just seen , through a window a man reading by the fire. Indig nant at this inhospitality, we both made a resolute onset against the door, at the same time raising our angry voices to a yell. Suddenly there was a quick response, the hurried withdrawing of a bolt, and the door opened. " The occupant was a short, thick-set man, with a pale, careworn face, whose prevailing expression was one of gentle good humour and patient suffering. When we entered, he asked us hastily why we had not 'sung out" before. "4 But we knocked!' I said, patiently, ' and almost drove your door In." "'That's nothing,' he said, patiently. " Tin used to that' 'I looked again at the man's patient, fateful face, and then around the cabin. In an Instant the whole situation flashed before me. ' Are we not near Cave City 1'I asked. 'Yes,' he replied, 'it's just below. You must bave passed it in the storm.' "" I see.' I again looked round the cabin. "' Isn't this what they call the haunted house f "He looked at me curiously. 'It is,' he said, simply. ' " You can imagine my delight! Here was an op portunity to test the whole story, to work down to the bedrock, and see how it would pan oat! We were too many and too well armed to fear tricks or dangers from outsiders. If—as one theory had been held—the disturbance was kept up by a band of con cealed marauders or road agents, whose purpose was to preserve their haunts from intrusion, we were qqite able to pay them back in kind for any assault. I need not say that the boys were delighted with this prospect when the fact was revealed to him. The only one doubtfnl or apathetic spirit there was oar host, who quietly resumed his seat and his book, with his old expression of patient martyrdom. It would have been easy for me to have drawn him out, but I felt that I did not want to corroborate anybody else's experience; only to record my own. And I thought it better to keep the boys from any predis posing terrors. "We ate our supper, and then sat, patiently and expectant, aronnd the fire. An hour slipped away, but no disturbance: another hour passed as monoton ously. Our host read his book; only the dash of hail against the roof broke the silence. Bat—" The Doctor stopped. Since the last interruption, I noticed he had changed the easy, slangy style of bis story to a more perfect, artistic, and even studied manner. He dropped now suddenly into his old colloquial speech, and quietly said: "'If you don't quit stumbling over those riatas, Juan, I'll hobble you. Come here; there, lie down, will you J" We all turned fiercely on the cause of this second dangerouB interruption, but a sight of the poor fel low's pale and frightened face withheld our vindictive tongues. And the Doctor, happily, of his own accord, went on:— 'But I had forgotten that it was no easy matter to keep these high-spirited boys, bent on a row, in de cent subjection; and after the third hour passed without a supernatural exhibition, I observed, from certain winks and whispers, that they were deter mined to get np Indications of their own. In a few moments violent tappings were heard from all parts of the cabin: large stones (adroitly thrown up the ! chimney) fell with a heavy thud on the roof. Strange j groans and ominons yells seemed to come from the ontside (where the interstices between the logs were j wide enough). Yet, through ail this uproar, our host I sat still and patient, with no sign of indignation or reproach upon his good-humoured but haggard fea tures. Before long it became evident that this exhibi tion was exclusively for his benefit. Under the thin disguise of aridng him to assist them in discovering the disturbers outside the cabin, those iDside took advantage of his absence to turn the cabin topsy turvy. ' 'Yon see what the spirits have done, old man,' said the arch leader of this mischief, * They've upset that there flour barrel while we wasn't looking, and then kicked over the water jng and spilled all the water!' " The patient man lifted his head and looked at the flour-strewn walls. Then he glanced down at the flaor, but drew back with a slight tremour. "' It ain't water!' he said, quietly. "' What is It, then }' "' It's blood ! Look!" "The nearest man gave a sudden start, and sank back white as a aheet. "For there, gentlemen, on the floor, jnst before the door, where the old man had seen the dog hesitate and lift his feet, there '.—gentlemen—upon my hon our, slowly widened and broadened a dark red pool of human blood! Stop him ! Quick! Stop him, I say!" There was a blinding flash that lit up the dark woods, and a short report! When we reached the Doctor's side he was holding the smoking pistol, just discharged, in one hand, while with the other he was pointing to the rapidly disappearing figure of Juan, our Mexican vaquero! "'Missed him ! by !" said the Doctor. 'But you hear him i Did you see his livid face as he rose up at the name of blood ? Did you see his guilty con science in his face. Eh? Why don't yon speak} What are yon staring at}" "' Was it the murdered man's ghost. Dr.}' we all panted in one quick breath. "' Ghost be blowed! Ho! But in that Mexican vaqnero—that cursed Juan Bamirex!—I saw and shot at his murderer!'" 