LISLE COUltT OF MINES. TnuLus?nv, MAY 15, 1871. Before B. Shaw, Esq., Commissioner. Joseph O'Hare and Martin Comerford applied for somoe srplus ground held by M'Divet and party over and above the area authorised by the regulations. The applicants required to obtain a survey by an authorised surveyor, and the clne wno adjourned for that purpose. Coady and others v. Sullivan and others. Thia was a dispute as to the right to a manll strip of land between their claims. After hearing the evidence of John Coady and John Dillon, the Coenuisoioner gave a verdict for Coady and party, who were directed to llx the point in dispute in the direct line between the corner pegs of their clain. Several applications for permission to cut tail races were heard and disposed of. CIe:oltIIA MvISTnI:E.rs. --We remind our readers that Hlieks's Original (teorgia Minstrels will make their appearance at the Mechanics' Institute this evening. A popular prograumme is announeed, which will no doubt attract a large audience. The management announce that the pro. sent eaon ia lmited tQo wo nightsl AniMiTED UIt SuIDEn.-A wonman natund A Mrs Spours, thle wife of a tisherlman, at- tit tempted on Friday evning to throw her- sort self into the Constitution Dock at Las Ilobart Town, with the intention of coom- his mnitting suicide. l'Fortunately ttu wansol- is served by two small boys, who called in prit the assiotance of one of the water police. ros Sihe was convoyed to the Polico Station jilt where aho was locked up.-ilfrcur. fil lPtori:s.otnt P1'irtl..-The Home a',or lif states that Profcssur lPopper has accepted u an ulngagmotnlt in thie Autlralian colonies Ho for the purposo of showing thi inhabitantsti ofthoAntipodesaieittw itystical illusion that tii Ie lihas just perfected, and which Ihe aysu hi willrivalin populutityhlisfantouo "Ghost." cot At thie request of the directors of the thl' Royal Polytechnic, Professor Popper has Ti promised before leaving England to devote ro' onet week to shlowing his inventionl at the ea: Polytechni c istitutionl. lt T'II OvIt't'I( I5oI.-W\O Itave received a ipaUtphlet of ten pages entitled " Un- un doenuoattional Address oil tite Offertory of its au act of true worshi) acceptabllo to (tGod : by a Layman." The writer states that Ite is not actuated by a desire to S prolit, but " to oUt forth the beauty of ti woromip altd blessiuga attached to thu olfertory as an act of worship. Many f churches have, by adopting the principle fl of weekly tl'erlitngs, raised their fulods from ait low ebb to a position that hasli ienabld every branch of church finance to be carried out with ease and pleasurre. A , regular otffering, though small (if more in cannot be afforded), will aggregate in oneut year to a respectableo sue and valuable Ii help." Quoting various passages of Scrip- is tlo, the writer points out that it is a i priviloeo, a duty, anid should be a pleasure i to render thalkolferings for blessings re ceived; and heo goes on to show that theu commnand to do this is accompanied wilth a gracious pronise. The duty of coll tributing according to eaclh man's menus is sadly neglected amongst all dlonomina- t tions of Christians, attd whilst it on- tt couragos noltishulessn aid shrivels tlhm suol, f it greatly increasns the dilliculties of thlose who are responsiblu for providing theu i ordinances of religioU and seriously It hinders the spread of the gospel. The appearanco of this little treatiseo is very opportune, and as it in calculated to do tl good we can only wish for it a wide circu- b lation. 1 Sitorl?rlso.-Ahbout ai o'clock oil t Saturday evening Constable O'Keefe saw c a man named Henry Nicholls proceeding along Brisbano-strout to Wellington-street t carrying a pair of blankets under his nrn. ( The constablo followed and arrested the a I man, and convoyed him to the lock-up. e It subsequently transpired that tile blankets had been taken fromt the shop I n door of ffr R. D. Rtichards. Nicholls, a who is well-known as all excelleut diver,1t will be taken before the Police Magistrate this morning. TyProloD FEVEn.-W'-O iave received Ia copy of " Observations on Typhoid Foever, by William M'tUrea, 11.., Chief Medical c Officer," of Melb namer . It in publishcd c with a view to bring prominently before I the professionlthl favourablecresumhts which I have followed the antipyretic or cold water l treatment of the disease in Europe, in the 1 hopo that it may be fairly tried in these - colonies. Thoutgh speciatlly intended for 0 the medical professien, it may be usefnl to know what Dr. M'Urea says about dis- i ifecitants, for typhoid fever is contagious: i-" The best disinfectants are carbolic Sacid, chlorinm, Condy's fluid, and sulphur Sfteacs. One part of carbolic acid snhohil be added to thirty parts of the fluid iun it which clothes and bedclothes are im tnersed, and one part to twenty of the Sstools of tile patient. Chlorine may be Iused il the musae proportions, and it is probabliy the most powerful disinfectant. y Condy's fluid is also a powerful disin fectant, but the rapid matnner in which it is deconmposed whenl brought into contact or with fiscal or putrefying matter renders a larger iamount of it necessary. For puri fication of the air there is nothing like tlhe fumes of burning sulllphur, but they require W to be very donse. These four Aubstances to have been proved by AMr Baxter, one uf lth experts of the Privy Council, to be at real disinfectants, destroying the infective to powers of glanders and other contagious diseases thoroughly. To disinfect a room nit the best imodo is to wash the walls, wood ns work, floors, &c.;, with boenzine, as recom n. ImodedbyDrDay. I lavefoundthis a very efficient disinfectant ; tan apartment in the it gaol hospital which has beeU used for : isolating infectious diseases is always td washed with it, after such use, and no 0- case of any such infectious diseases have d ever occurred, though the apartmenlt has .t- frequentty afterwards beenl used for p- patients debilitated by other diseases, and A in conditions little able to resist conta ', gionu." cal SAnnIIoIrI DesrieriATroN.-Somtto who d passed through Prospect Villago yesterday afternloonl stiate that a numltber of persoins nwero assembled in a paddock near the t publichoose, and were engaged in shooting t at marks. )Our informant states that hel tobelieves divine service was being held in of the little chapel at the aamtoe tisme, and the hi- constant firing miust have been a source of great annoyanlce. If reverence for tile SSlabbath or regard for the feelings of on others will not prevent these outrages, the a perpetrators will have to be taught butter rose tailers by the police. old Quest's lltRTttAY. - A Governmenut :ho notice proclait:m Monday next to be obh the served as a public holiday, that day thar of ing been appointed for the celebration of the her Majesty's birthday. At flobartTown be at noon a royal salute will be tred frout of the Queen's Battery, and a feu-de-jolie wilt ed be fired by the volunteer force in honoulr tin of the day. The day will be welcomed as rtz far as practicable with the samte honours mg at Launceston. MIonday is announced to do be hold as a bank holidayin lion of Satur n. day. 3tt Gor, IN INDIA.-A correspondent of tile 3t Bemltio ,eIndependent says :-"Some tiius to ago, it will be roememmltred, teOws wa.ns ra- received from Itldia of the engagonmnt of led Mr Blrough Smyth, so Iiunfamoirably 'r- ktiown in this colony, to survey and report upon the gold-liehlds aid to exist in somite parts. A friend of miie who tIas an extenaivo knowledge of the whole of (mdia, inforims m that hIe well knows the splot where the precimous tetal is aid to be. For somo time gold has been found at the trd Wynaad, but the expense of working ihas ty been so great that thi enterprise hna bad thu to be abadonedt. tir Smythi is now in 2hu the Neilgherries, lwhere alast payable reefs by vreruported. The 'i pricipal obstacle is nos the dearth of laboulr. 'iThe natives hlave a horror of decondiug the lmhafts. They are ttd very superstitiolns, alnd believe if left thu talone for a short timto iu one of the deep cn claimsn, they would most certainly beo tie favoured with a personal interview tho wnith hisi Satanic tmajesty. On oneo dy occasion tlhis upelrstitious fear was carried tle to slloclh al exteot that a illan was one i eem daiy brought into the Oanagier's buongalow, perfectly parailised "ithi fright. The t maill died in a fewi houlr, bult justbO of. fore hle expired, regained the useo of his tfoguo, atid inasured those around him our that he had seen a lmanyi-headud deunon gia in thoe eorleur of thie slhaft. HTowevor, I at dou't sommpiise tfhme f Lhitige will havo Cany A weight woithi Mr Smiytli, aoih I bulisee lie lich 0 in negotiattiun with a party of expori ice. onced uiners ii Amstralia to go out to the rs- scene of the operations on the Neilgher Srtes. A WVaol1FALL.-A stroke of good for- I tune, it is said, has befallen an officor serving with hif regiment in the Khyber Pass. Some years ago he quarrelled with H his father, ran away fromi hono, and, a 1Do is colllmon in such casesn, enlisted as a a ll private in a foot regiment. By degreo hoe ree rose, and now holdn the position of ad- tai jtanlt to his enrpl . Quite recently Ili 'ql father died, and evidently had forgivenj his truant son, ncoiag that he has left himi a fortune of £OtO,08t) antt0 tlu estate near1. liockforry, in Cheshire. lie A Pl'1 ltu Roor.-Thoro is novelty il the idea of covering the rolf of of largei building with paper, yet it has been fac comnlished in a very satisfactory way ini the construction of a11 observatory at Troy, in the United States. AS it was 3' requlisite that the roof should revolve ile easily, lightness was a very desirable 1ll quality. 'The roof is i heolisphoro, with i dlinalcter of 29) feet, and the weight of il the whole, incuding a pine franmwirk, is I under two tons. ThIe ):paper employed is ii of the kind used for buiiliig Inoats. IC ?VrTorll.N MiANU.ATUatil:s.-The Anqe f publishes a return supplied by the ill Minister of Clstoms, which diemonstratoes c the rapid progress inado during the last 10 eillght years ill Viclorianli tilllanllnctures, s) for at their exportation is concerned. 1' 'rThe value of theit exports ha incr leaed fr S lfrom .!8,7l-Il in 1870 to £271,529 in 1874, 11 and £708,ili6i in 1878; giving all itncrease 0I ill 1871 of £172,781, and in 1878 of 11 j60l0,120. As comiipared with 18741 the II increase is £4:17,137. All the articles Slenumerated show a very largo increase, 1 except candles, the diminution of which ci isexplaincd by tihoe fct thatlargoqualntitics 1 of stoarino are now being exportted in I bulk, anlll mliade 1i11 ill the otlercolonies. A hII.oan NInor L.AMIr. - A recenlt 1O aulbllebr of La Natiure describes it simple t land convenient night lampll the iuvontion 1 of A1. Ilolin, ildicating the hour by the s extent of combustioln of the oil. Froln 1 the oil reservoir rise two vertical glass i tuibes. One conlltains oil, and is graduated for the houra; the other contains thea w avick l aturated with oil and giving the I i light. Th conllstrllctiol is sulch that one he lour is required to consumelll the quantity aof oil betweoen two gradIllations of the first y Ilenltioned tube. A reflector placed under Stlle lameo at tlle sid throws it luminousi ibealm across the graduated tube. During the night onu call tHilus soc at what height ill the oil statnds in the tube, anld read the 1 corresponding hour. ig SIllaOUS OniAi noE.-A letter, aigiled with t the naltes of throe if the blacks at the II Coraniderrk Aboriginal Statioll, makingl io ) riolusllcolplaints agaillnst thle llonllageenllt P- of the institution, was recently aset to the io Acting Chief Secretary, sanys t Ahe Argos. p Tw'Io members of the Aboriginal Board Is, shortly afterwards visited the station, aidi r, discovered that the letter was a forgery. .to The board have had an interview with Sir fBryan11 O'Loghloe, who promised to take a stops to have tIe Inatter cleared up. r, I'nseacuLTUllrm.--Mr 1Roblin, the curator al of the lLyal Siociety's Iusllnlln, has re cd ceived through AMr Frederick Windsor, a ee gigantic specimen of the Frost Fihl, whichl clis bhut rarely seen in this colony at all. Icr it is more generally lknownll in Nocw Zea ine land, and Dr. Hfector, writing of it says : 'so -"Tie Frost Fish, or Hliko of the Maoris for (L,pidolpls imudtltls), is enteomed the most to delicious fish in New Zealand. It is most is- co Uonly foundlll cast lup) after cold frosty is: nighlits o1 sany beaclhes that are exposed ie to the lonllg roll of ocean swell, anld is not lI in this country obtained by alny kind of i1 fishinlg. A very silmilar fish occuers, how ill ver, on the south coast of lnlland, and, In- according toi Yirrell, is occasionally foulnd ihe entangled in nets. The usual lungth of e this tish is albout 4 fct, bullt frol its conm : is pressed form it only weighs abhout 14 lis. nt. The Front Fish is moraire frequently brought ill- to iirkt ini Dunlediln thaln olsowlher in it this colony, and generally fetches 2s. tld. aet per lh., ibut dulering the winter Ilmoths a Sa considerable louliter tre picked up on the iri- bench between the iOtaki and Manawatu, the and broughlt to Wellington by the coach ine drivers. On a still frosty horning in csA lrea':kseaSiond oil the west coast iOtago, I f, I lllie satw what we thouglit to be i. Frost be Fishl skillilg the sea ill a tortuous course oe with its back lin rippling the water, ailnd ions evidently feeding oil 0somle pirey that it cart obtained loar the surfaeo ; bullt nothilng is oil- delinitely known of this silnguilar atisl, or ui. why it should be cast up on the laund, the cry probability being that Onl the caitlm nights he henll thle sea is Saba)iitlh it l)lursales its prey for too close to the shore and is left by them ny lonlg sweill during obb tide. The largest o I havf e klnowln was taken at l hit's tl.iy ve in Jiuly, measured 4I i ilIe inches in 1111 t length." 'The spocilnll which is oIlow oi1 for view il the Ausoutin is tft. (I. long, anud and was obtallniled by r f enlijanlin Gough, of 1ta- Port EalsperiLce.--hrcv ur.it. A Novchl, GA10)1 or CIloas.-The people of Swickley (Pen.) Iave onjoyed the pretty h ight of a game of chelss with living piecos, ly four youn0 g girls in red or white represenlt tons ing the pawns, rooks, knights, &c.;, and the moving over the board at the order of tile till directing players. It is a neat and novel he uthing for a church sociable, but not to be i o ill compared in startling effects with the the game an Oriental despfot, fond of his b of chess, used to play-- laves for thIe piecon, tiie nach piece being decapitated as soon a lf 1s it was taken and smoved oil the tic board. ter IMlROVEMErNT IN \VOOo-STAININ0. What appears to be an important dis eclt covery in the art of wood-staining hlas been ohb recently luade by Mr. A. Ardoin, a Ilin- Frenl chu mist, who resides in Itichlonfd. n of Mr. Ardoin, we are inlformned, wheln it morn work a feow mnollths ago ill his laboratory, rumt observed that a culmination of certain will chemicals had ii wonderful eleect oua wood, our and lifter studyilg the matter lie hal suc !d as ceeded ill ilnvoentiliganlew syatonl oftailinill 01rs which hle entitles " graphsl-painting." ifto The invention is one of practical utility. tur- By its means pine, birch, alder, &c.;, have imparted to theii the I racise shadl alnd 1the appearaucoof niahogany, loswood, walnult, noak, and other beaaititl land costly woods. uTile mnain featur1 of the low m"iethod is thimt thie grailn or fibre of lle woodl reonlailis bly clearly visiblo, whiilst whlatever variety of at shadest the wood ioSSeases is preaserved no wtih dintinctlcss, 1and beoillOes richior tihe n lgor it is esxplscd. Th? process in easy odin f appllicationll, alid thie cist is not greater than that of ordillnary paintillng, ald cUa h. aiderably less than1 that of graining. 