? LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. m Thursday, 1G January, 1879. I Tlic Spbakge took tlio chair at lial£-past three o'clock. ADJOURNED DEBATE. On tlic Order of the Day being read l)y the Acting Cleric for the resumption ot the adjourned debate, on the motion o£ Mr. Thnt tlio Address in Reply to His Excellency tlic Governor's Opening Spoecl], nr- rend by tho Acting Clerk, lie now adopted by this House. M ' Tliat the question bo amended by tbe omis ;jB 5ion from tho Address of all the words follon 3S ing tbe word 'Sovereign,' in the first pam j9 graph, and the omission of the second paragraph, A W;l ]i a view to the insertion in their place of H the following words, viz. : — ' And wo bog fur H dlcl. to inform your Excellency tbat., while §H recognising the importance of sonic of tbe 6iib |K jects' submitted in your Excellency's Spcech, \vc decline to proceed to their consideration m until now advisers, possessing the confidcncc of 19 t his House, have been called to your Excellcney'B §? Mr. Macfarlane said that when he Wm moved the adjournment of the debate on |B the previous evening, it was not that he gl might liave an opportunity o£ speaking in jJS daytime more than at night, for, as far fl as'he was eoncenicd, the remarks he had to .'?9 make might as soon liave been made last :Mm night as to-day ; but he thought that lion US ourablc members opposite were desirous of IB coming to a division oil the previous even -M ing, and tbat as some honourable members 9h were anxious to express their opinions on 3fj[ the matter before thein, it would be uudesir tBj able to eome to a division without giving Hi 1 bem an opportunity of doing so. As far 9H as the result of the debate was concerned, ;JM a division might just as well have been IS taken on tho previous evening — the result would be the same. Attlie same time, see 1H ing that the country had by a largo majority |S shown its feelings in the matter, it seemed 'JB to be a foregone eonelusiou that nothing jH that, could be said in the House could Jol alter the feelings of honourable members. jJB As regarded the opening Speech, so much had |9 already been said by honourable members IB concerning it, tliat it was not his intention H to take it clause by clause ; but looking at IB the Speech as a whole, he believed that it had honest intentions, and that if the. |K present Ministers remained in office, IB those intentions would be faithfully carried IS out. The present Government had been |9 branded by some portions of the Press, as |H well as by some honourable members EH opposite, as being unable to carry on the H duties of the high position in which they ? were placed. ISTow, that was a matter iH of opinion ; whether expressed by n the Press, or by members of that 9 House, it was still a matter of opinion. B His opinion was that some of the gentle |H men occupying the Treasury benches were jS the ablest men in that House ; and if the IS honourable members who succeeded them i^l only conducted themselves as ably as the}' |B had done for the past five years it would » surprise him considerably. The honour |H able member for Mulgrave remarked in |H his speech on the previous day that he was 9B noi anxious for office at the present time. They must take his word for that, but if he was not, why was it that so much money was spent by his party on the elec tions — why so much energy put forward ? He must compliment honourable members opposite for the energy they displayed; and would add that if the Government had shown the same amount of energy and had spent one twentieth part of the ' money, he believed the relative position of the two parties would have been very different at the present time. As tbe honourable member remarked that he (Mr. Macfarlane) wished to speak in the day time rather than in the night, he would perhaps remember that there was an old fashioned book which said, 'he that speaketh the truth prcferrcth the light.' Now, he wanted to speak this truth, and he believed that before a very short time passed away, those who were so active in putting out the Government would bo just as anxious to uudo what they were now endeavouring to do. The honourable mem ber, in reviewing the past five years and the actions of the Government,- referred to the fact that when they took office there was a considerable balance in the Treasury, and he argued from that that the colony was in a prosperous condi tion financially ; but be (Mr. Macfarlane) would ask, what put the country in a good financial position? Would additional taxa tion do it? He thought not, Tliey knew that there was a ten per cent, ad valorum duty when the present Ministry took office, and tliat it was reduced by them gradually to five per cent. Now, supposing the Opposition went into office, ana they again put ou an ad valorem duty of ten per cent., and thus oppressed the people whilst replenishing the Treasury, could it be said that on account of the Treasury being re plenished bjr additionally taxing the people the country was in a more prosperous condition? lie denied it. 31c bad promised the House that be would not take up ! much time, and looking at tiie matter i as a foregone conclusion, be had no desire to prolong the debate; but at tbe sunie time he would recoifrmcnd the leaders of the opposite side of the House, when they occupied the Treasury benches, not to attempt to increase the. ad valorem duties. There were things tbat would bear additional taxation, but lie did not think additional taxation would be required. It was true that the colony had passed through two years of drought, but that was over, aud he believed tbat no matter who sat on the Treasury benches, the pros perity of the colony would go on advancing, and that within the next six months tilings would assume a very different aspect. That, however, would not be due to any Ministry, but only to Providence. If there must be increased taxation, it should not be in tbe shape ol ad valorem duties. There was some articles which could be taxed with out being a burden on the people ; for instance,' if luxuries were taxed, the burden would fall on people well able to bear it. He did not see, for instance, why there should not be a tax on intoxicating liquors, which would be for the benefit of the people— that would not be a tax upon them, but only upon luxuries. He ob i served during the debate on the previous day that several honourable members indulged iu personalities ; be hoped that that, would uot be repeated, as it did not look well for either side of the House. If honourable members would keep their tern ? pers they would get on much better, as. they were bound to accept the decision of tlic country, and until the country came to a different opinion, it was the duty of those who were defeated lo do the best they could for it, thus showing thattheir desire of being in that House was not to follow men but to do their best for the country generally. Mr. Mackay said that he rose witb con siderable diffidence to address the House, I and he certainly should not have done so 1 had it not been for . the expression of opinion last night iu favour of giving new members an opportunity of speaking on the present very important subject of debate. He stood there as a perfectly free and in dependent member of the House, and was. as little party biassed as any one who bad ever had a seat in it . Very probably be bad the leaning of the profession to which he belonged to look with a kindly eye ujjou everything that promised well ; and looting at tbat House, and knowing the honour able gentlemen sitting on both sides of it, he willingly admitted that a very great deal might be expected by the country from them. There were honourable members on both sides who bad his very warmest respect and admiration for years past, and he should expect tbat from those gentlemen being in office the country might rely on having intelligent and the best services that they might be able to give to it. He was very anxious to hear those honourable members speak on the present debate before lie got up to express any opinions be might have. He might state tbat he ' suspicioned' certain honourable members opposite of being closely con nected with nastiness of some sort ; but at the same time he was quite willing to give tbe best consideration to their intentions, and to credit them with every honesty of intention. He was. perkaps, brought to that from a remark made by a countryman of his who had just returned from ihe highlands of Scotland. He asked bim what were the most important items of news from a certain place, and his reply was, speaking of a rather famous game keeper in that part of the country, tbat he had actually succeeded in training a brock. That being the case, he (Mr. Mackay) had hope for anv living thing. He would remark, also, that, lie bad not expected tlic debate to wind up in such a short time as it had done, and to find bimself addressing the House at that stage of tbe proceedings. He took that as an indication tbat the debates of the present House would be of a less windy nature than those of its pre decessors, and as a warning he should accept not to stand up to speak unless lie had something to speak about. Going back to tho debate on the Speech, to which he had had the privilege of listening, he came to the subject of railways, whicb had, to his mind, a much larger scope than the mere making of them or where they might go. For many years be had . been a close watcher of settlement in this colony, and it was his conviction lhat they bad reached the limit of settlement, unless tlicy had a better system thau tho present of enabling persons to get their productions to markets and to ports. Seeing that, he had taken a somewhat active share in bringing the rail way question before the public, and he had some facts to bring forward presently wbich he believed were most importaut in tbat connection. He believed 110 Govern ment in tbis colony would ever bold the reins ,of power for long unless they paid at tention to those facts, and tbat the country would never prosper until they adopted some scheme of railways adapted to it. With reference to the Speech itself, lie could only say be was as much disappointed with it as any man very well could be. The good points in it, he took it, were in connec tion witb the Chinese question— that really wanted attention ; — the promise that some thing would be done with the lawless islands in the South Seas, and the mail ser vice via ? Torres Straits. Then came the promise that something would be done for the agricultural and mining districts, but tbat promise had been so often made that he looked upon it {as (the same old stor^ tbat had been repeated in Governors' speeches ever since lie had known Queens land. That promise bad been kept dangling before the agricultural portion of tbe community until the people were so sick of it that, at the present time, be be lieved there were ten or twelve gentlemen in the House who would use every legiti mate efiort they could to have fair and square justice meted out to w*hatwas some times sneeringly referred to as the farming constituencies of Queensland. ^ He next came to the monstrous proposition to in crease taxation to drive railways out io tbe 'never-never country' — three of them. He must say that when he came to that proposition he was literally staggered. He certainly did not expect any such pro position to come from tbe Government at present occupying that position in tbis colony. He would ask what parts of Queensland could stand extra taxation at the present, time? He felt bound to say that tbere was not a single class in the colony that was not now taxed to the uttermost limit, and his firm belief was that any Government or any portion of tbat House that attempted to inflict extra taxation on the country would find them selves as woefully disappointed as men could pqssibly be. And there was not the slightest justification fpr the proposition to put additional taxation on the people of Queensland to drive railways to literally nowhere. It was one of the rules laid down in railway making, and it was followed by all sensible business men, and it would be followed here if our rail ways were in the hands of private parties— that a railway should always be made io an objective point ; but where was the object in making railways to the west of Queensland, as was now the cry P Re cently he was in tbe JJockbampton district, and he could state that some of the *cngi neering staff there were opposed to the ex tension of the Bockhampton line out west. These men— and their opinions were well worthy of consideration — were of opinion that that line should be carried to Cler mont, that being an objective point, where there was some traffic to be gathered; and until that question was more stucjied, and railways were con structed to. places where there was traffic, he was perfectly satisfied that the people of Queensland would not much longer submit to railways being extended to the interior, and, above all, until they knew what the cost was likely to be. He thought It would be a much better plan if tbe Speech, instead of proposing extra taxation, had proposed something in the way of a reduction of taxation; arid be fore he went further, be would ask the indulgence of the House for probably half an -hour in order to bring forward certain matters which he considered to be worthy of attention. He said it would not have been a bad idea on the part of the ruling powers to commence reducing expenditure instead of putting on extra taxation. He thought that even the highest' in tiie land— that Ministers themselves could with very good grace have- come forward, and proposed a reduction of their own salaries, and the reduction could bo earned all through the Civil Service. By tliat means they would considerably reduce ex penditure, and it had been done before by their predecessors when times were hard upon the people, and the. good names of those men wduld never be forgotten in Queensland. There were portions of Her Majesty's Empire where tlicy paid their Governor only £3,000 a-year, acd they w ere colonies quite as important as Queens land. He knew in saying this ho might raffle up the Uacics or sonic paiuua, because it had been the common prac tice in and out of Parliament, in the Press, and on the platform, lo crack up Queensland as being something extra ordinary in the way of a wealthy colony, but he had never talccu that view of tbe case. He did uot believe that they had got such a specially wealthy country in Queens land. They bad been spending nearly three-quarters of a million of borrowed money per annum ever since the colony had been established, and he did not see any great prosperity, or how they -were to maintain tbe state they were now keeping up, unless it was through the English money lenders. But he maintained, that that was not the sort of prosperity tlicy should look for in a young colony like this. Unless they had a more solid basis than that, it -would not only bo most unjust to invite people to conic here, but large numbers of those at present here would become so heartily sick of the place that they would leave aud try 'fresli fields and pastures new.' The Public Works de partment bad been forcibly spoken of as one of the heavy and most expensive bugbears of the country, and it was to that department he should now especially ask the attention of the House. He certainly should have liked to read iu the Speech something like a. decisive intention to completely remodel that department, so that many of the existing absurdities connected with it should be done away with. Queens land, even amongst professional men, was looked upon as (an absolute Paradise for sucking engineers of all grades. Tliey had only to come to Queensland, secure a, certain amount of patronage, get into the Government service, and then they were about as well oft as they very well could be. At the present time they had in Queensland no less than three chief engineers, and a fourth who con sidered himself as good as a chief ; and besides these they had eighteen other gentlemen, all chiefs more or less, and each one practically working independent of the others. He could give the names of those officials aud their stations, but in debating this subject on the platform he had studiously avoided bringing forward any man's name, his aim being, while fighting a bad system, to avoid doing any individual harm, and he should follow the same course now. The salaries of these officers— tbe chief engineers and the sub ordinate chiefs— amounted to no less than £12,450; and the most singular part of the whole affair was that while they had. nearly thirty gentlemen in the Service rated as engineers, and receiving from £500 to £1,400 per annum, there were only seven engineers— really professional men — in the colony, and they were not all in the Gov ernment service. In addition to that force, they had the Harbours and Bivcrs Depart ment, the Waterworks, the If ail way He serves Department, and they had the huge Roads and Bridges Department, costing altogether £155,064 according to the ways and means at his disposal. That was what they paid in salaries for the 'Works De partment of the colony, which had a popu lation of only 220,000 people— not more than a one-horse town in England while they had enough officials in the couutry to almost run a large em pire. He certainly did expect that a gentleman of the reputation of the Minis ter for Works 'would nave probed into these things, and suggested some means by which the country could be relieved of some of this fearful burden, which was certain to bring down destruction upon the colony, if it were not removed. He had seen some of the extravagance on our public works. He was up at the Comet lately, and tho scenes he saw there and the indications of prosperity— that' was to say if grog shanties which were moved along the line as tiie works progressed meant prosperity— con- vinced him that there was something going ? on that was not all fair and square. True, : some men spent their money easily, but men who had to work hard did not visually ? -spena; -tiieiy - earnings rashly. Besides, ra' ions nnd broad wore expensive oil tlio Comet, nnd money euuhl not lit1 wry hardly -o.«ucd to support such A number of groceries as there were along that lino. Tlio deduction hq from those circum stances was 4li«)t tJiorc wore too many mas tors or '.'bosses' in the Works Department; iiiut iliai, if (lie Minister for norms' was to take the thing in hand himself — sup- posing he were able to do so — and run the department with one intelligent head, lie could got l'id of at least one-third of the present salaries by topping off officers who were practically working ill antagonism to each other, aud using their best efforts to carry out works that would be superior to auytiiing else any other engineer might pro pose, and for vrhieh (he country had io pay as the work weal on. lie might here say tliat there was a great deal of cant at the present lime about flunk lines of railway :uid branch lines. He understood tho Min ister for Works to inform tho House last night that the main trunk line from Towns ville was to he laid down with rails 32 liounds to the yard. The Minister fob Wobks : 30-pound rails. Mr. Mackay continuing, said that if it was stated iu the organ of the institute of lHugiueers ill England, that it was intended in Queensland, to construct a main trunk line with 30-pound rails, what would these men say or think of the colony? They would say, ' If their main trunk lines aro to he constructed with 30-pouud rails, what in heaven's name will their light lines be like r It would almost seem as if they in tended to put down fencing wire, and try to run a railway carriage on that. The thing was a rank absurdity ; and while he did not. wish to say anything disrespectful of Mr. Ballard, still if anything would shako Iiis faith in that gentleman it was that after submitting report after report to the House condemning what every other man brought forward in (he shape of cheap railways — after a consultation with the Minister for Works for four days, during which they tra velled from Townsville to Charters Towers aud back — that ia these four days he was so converted that he re-arranged the whole affair, aud proposed to construct a trunk line with 30-pound rails. Auy man who had studied the question — and he (Mr. Mackay) had studied it very closely during the last eighteen months, and had perhaps as good opportunities for doing so as any man in tho country ever had — must know ihe very cheapest material that could be used for railway making in Queensland at the pre sent time, was rails. There was no mate rial so cheap, and 110 man, unless for some object of his own, would attempt to lay ? down a trunk line with lighter rails thau were being used in the colony at the pre sent time. It would be enough todauin his professional reputation. Amongst other absurdities the country was saddled with at the present time, wasauitem of £100, 000 for an iron bridge across the Burdekiu, and he had heard a gentleman state on the floor of that House that it would cost nearly £'20,000 to haul the iron to the place where it was to be used. Now, men, looking at the colony from other places, must think the people here were a precious lot of noodles to bring iron all the way from England to build bridges, when there was in the colony auy amount of stone aud timber in every way sufficient for such purposes, as had been testified by gentlemen in tho colony whom he could name, aud who had as much knowledge and skill as any Govern ment official. Ho (Mr. Mackay) was satisfied that, by using Queensland stone and timber for such a bridge as this, it could be made for one-half the cost, or even less, and theu leave a good profit to be made out of it. Tliey had also some other nice works going on at the present time, and he certainly did expect to hear something about them from tlic Govern ment. There was the railway from Mary borough to Gympie, and the line between Bundabcrg aud Mount Perry ; and if the department wanted to know where some of tho money now spent was dribbled away, ihcy could not do better than look at the station in Brisbane. It was the strongest ill ustrat iou he had overcome across in his life of a bad system. There was more material used and more space occupied than there was in the [Midland Counties railway sta tion in England, and scarcely a month passed that buildings were not pulled down and put up again. That was the way ihe money went, and on looking into the matter it would be found that people were asked to go through a place not fit to drive hogs through ; and yet if anybody al tempted to offer a suggestion on the subject, they were immediately scouted as knowing nothing a, tall about it. Butlherewas novcry great difficulty in acquiring engineer ing knowledge. He made no pretensions whatever, but having an aptitude for study, and by determination, he bad got the quali fication papers as a member of the Institute of Civil Engineers, and he bad only studied the subject eighteen mouths, aud was as well qualified, so far as professional stand ing was concerned, as the best civil engi neer in the country. There had been a great deal of bungling with our rail ways. He did not say this with severity, but in the hope that something would be done to put a slop to it. Look al the bungles oil the Main Kange, by which thousands and thousands of pounds had been wasted. He might also mention the bungle of carrying the lino round ' Warwick, nnd the other proposed olio o£ carrying the lino from South Brisbane to the Logan district, to a district whore the people could scarcely make enough to keep body and soul together, and where tliey ccrtainlyeould nolgrow produce profitably ; and to ask them to travel an extra nine mile's ' and' pay for carriage from that distanec was the height of absurdity. It was not in construction alone that our railways were defective. Another defect was that they were worked about, as badly as they possibly could be. Any man who travelled by our railways, and paid attention to what was going on, would observe that instead of the officials en deavouring to meet the convenience of passengers, their whole object appeared lo be to see that they did not break the laws in auy way. This appeared to be the official standpoint on all our railway lines. What he hoped to see in this colony, who ever might hold office, was that a different system of railroading — a system more adapted lo the country, a system somewhat similar lo that in operation in Canada, which was quite as prosperous a country as Queensland — would be tried here. The honourable member for North Brisbane last night expressed a hope that o test line would be carried out, hut t hey had been experimenting in railways in this colony ever since railway works had been com menced, and he thought it was time they laid down something like a definite system, a system that could be understood from the time of the turning of the first sod until the people were carried alongthe line — a system suited to the circumstances of the country, where tho officials, instead of locking the carriage doors, and carefully examining tickets before passengers were allowed to enter, would, when articles were sent to town, take charge of thciu and see lhat they were delivered at their destina tion. lie knew that such a proposition would he a horrible profanity to the official mind ; but it was done in Canada and other countries, aud he believed they were now adopting the system in Victoria and tho other colonies. He heartily hoped to see something of the kind adopted here. Ho did not mean that it should be adopted on such a line as that from Townsville to Charters Towers, where there would not be any very groat traffic at first, but on the southern coast lines, where there was a large popu lation, and a considerable amount of local traffic. He believed if such a system were adopted, not only would there be an in crease of revenue from our railways, but it would give oue hundred per cent, more convenience to the public than they had at the present time. It would foster settle ment — a thing which had never been at tempted up to the present lime. He had known gentlemen to settle down in different kinds of business in the country, but no effort was ever made to try and draw traffic lo the railway line ; but these people had to send deputations down ? to the Minister to get a station, or something of the kind put up, so lhat they might have a means of access lo market in order to carry on their business. I Men did not conduct other kinds of busi ness in tbat fashion. On the large railway lines hi England, doing as much work in a week as was done here in a couple of years, there was only one chief engineer j and lie knew of one railway line, 3,000 miles in length, and with a. number of branch liues, which only had one chief engi neer, and ho was not a better paid man than some of our chief engineers iu Queens land. The 'object he (Mr. Mackay) had in view, was to state distinctly that he should oppose any Government that did not take this matter into its earnest con sideration, that did not attempt seriously to open up tlio country iu a way which tho country could afford, and did not got rid of the terrible piece of bunkum that Queensland was such a rich country it .could afford lo go oil borrowing millions of money, and spending theni on high official salaries — swelling themselves out like the frog in the fable, and believing themselves the greatest people on the face of the earth. Any man who liad had to earn his living in tho bush could tell a different tale from that. He would go further, and say that agriculture in Queensland, if il was not diminishing, was absolutely at a standstill, and that the agricultural population was not so great now as it was four years ago. Ho believed he was correct iu stating, on the authority of those who had studied the matter closely, that, there would never be any progress in that direction unless there was something done to relieve the burdens of the settlers in the way of facilitating traffic through the country districts. There was nothing produced in the country that would stand those burdens, and one of 'the first things auy Government should do was lo look patiently and carefully into this matter, and try to work it out. He looked upon the bunching of the six railways as the most illiberal thing over done iu Queensland, if not. in the whole of Aus tralia, and as leaving a debt the burden of which would not be got rid of by the next generation. If some of those lines were kept ill abeyance for twelve months, a better system might be devised for carrying on the works io which the country was | committed. He would he one of the last j lo repudiate anything that had received the sanction of Parliament, but it was a most injudicious thing, and one which would j moot with determined opposition here, to borrow money in ordor to carry those rail ways to the west. Something must be douo to make tho people of the country stay in it, and any Government that at tempted to do that should have his heartiest Wr. Paul said lie wished to make a few remarks in reply1 to what had fallen from the honourable member for South Brisbane. He felt bound lo compliment lhat honour able gantlemanon being able to speak a great deal and say a very little ill a given lime. The honourable member had considered it necessary to attack the professional charac ter of a gentleman wilhoul giving a de tailed slatomcnt to prove the assertions he had made. He thought it disgraceful on the part of any honourable member to hike advantage of his position in the House lo detract from the professional character of a man unless he could prove by filets that his assertions were correct. Not long since he read a very long aud verbose report from the same honourable member with regard to his trip to Cometville, and that report gave almost unqualified praise to Mr. Ballard for his construction of the line. He was at aloss lo account for the hon ourable member's change of opinion, unless he had been charged with the expense of the special train which look him up on that occasion. With regard to some electoral facts which had been mentioned, lie might say that he was himself informed by an official on the railway that the Government had sent up instructions lhat iu the event of a poll taking place at Cometville the men oil the line were to have a holiday and a full day's pay. As far as he (Mr. Paul) was concerned, he was not very sorry to hear this, because he knew he had three fourths of the working men on the Comet ou his side. Indeed tliey wished lo give liini plumpers, but he asked them to split their votes and return along with him his friend the late honour able member for Spriugsure. With re gard to the Eocklia mpton election, it was a strange fact that immediately after the arrival of a special train there was a great and sudden increase in the votes for the Government candidate. From these facts he could not but conclude that tho Government used undue influence over the elections, aud were ill an indirect manner guilty of bribery. He was sorry to hear ihe Minister for Works raise again the old ' No squatter ' cry. At one time, he was well aware there was good reason for rais ing the cry of ' No squatter ' ; but he felt bound lo say that since political power had been transferred to the people, the people had been still more tyrannical than the squatters ever were. He hoped a better time had now arrived, and that squatters, merchants, traders, agriculturists, miners, aud labourers, would see that the interests of each would be best advanced by support ing one another. He hoped no honourable member would again attempt to set class against class. The Minister for Works, speaking yesterday on the division of parties, said very properly tbat there was a Squatting party and what he termed a Liberal party ; whereas, in his address lo the electors of North Brisbane, he said there wore two parties in the House, ono representing wealth and property, and the other representing the people. He (Mr. Paul) was surprised and astonished that a gentleman of the education aud position of the Minister for Works should have pandered to the prejudices of the uneducated many, especially at a time when strikes aud unions were rife, and when he ought to have given them kindly advice, and shown them how wrong they were in striking and leaving their employment. That question ought to have been kept separate from lhat of Chinese immigration, which was a far more difficult one, and could only be pro perly settled bjr appealing to the Imperial Government. It was highly wrong ou the part of a gentleman holding so higli a position as the Minister for Works to mislead working men. One of the greatest evils that afflicted society was the insufficient interchange of thought between the different classes of the com munity, and much of the misconception regarding the relations between capital and labour arose from the apathy and selfish ness of those iu high positions. He had had a great deal to do with working men, and during the last sixteen years had associated with them much more intimately than with his own class, and he had always found that they preferred being represented by men of education and position, who could sympathise with and advise them, rather than by men of their own class. When addressing a meeting of over 300 work ing men at the Comet, he told them he. was going to give expression to opinions wbich might cost him his election, and he detailed to them the true relations between labour and capital. At first he was received with hisses, but opposition gradually vanished as he expounded his views, aud the meeting finished with three cheers for Her Majesty. He would now allude to another important subject, and hoped honourable members would listen to him patiently. Lord Beaconsfield, a short time back, in a speech concerning the occu pation of Cyprus, said the first duties of the Government- would be to restore order and tranquility, and that that could only be done bythedueadministratioiiof justice. He was sorry io say that ever since what was termed the Liberal party had come into power that power had been misused in tho appoint ments to the magistracy— tho necessary jg qualification apparently being the aniount of political influence tliey could bring !to bear. Such a state of things was most disgraceful, and calculated to injure tho well-being of the colony most seriously. If they looked at the old country and saw the character of the men who occupied tho position of magistrates, they could easily account for the state of society which pre vailed. and which he hoped would continue long to prevail there, viz., a feeling of respect for the law. While other countries were in a state of anarchy and confusion, Great Britain had always been orderly and happy, and this was mainly attributable to the confidence which the people of all classes had in the due administration of justice. Since responsible Government had been in troduced into these colonies — and he did not wish to express an opinion thatitought never lo have been introduced — members of Liberal Governments, as they termed themselves, had adopted the practice to whi cbhehad referred just now, and tlieresult had been most disastrous. Anyone who had studied the history of New South Wales must admit that the fearful stalo of anarchy and confusion ill which it was so long held by bushrangers must have re sulted iu a very great degree from the bad appointments to the magistracy. Those men had not the moral courage to refuse licenses, granting them to persous of known bad character, whose houses were the noted resorts of bushrangers. So that iL was uot the police fighting half- a-dozen bushrangers, but fighting a whole district. And it was uot until a most stringent measure was passed, making it capital for auy person to harbour bushrangers, that the evil was crushed out. Ho was sorry to see by the lale Commission that the Government of Queensland were adopting a similar course ,- and if it waspersisted in, Queensland would eventually be landed in the same state of anarchy. Considering tbat magistrates had most important duties to perform, such as the revision of the jury list and the elec toral rolls, it was essential that men should never be appoiuted as magistrates for political reasons. He did not desire to sec magistrates formed out of any particular class of men ; he did not wish to see it ex clusive in any way ; but he wished to see them appointed solely with regard to their honesty of character, education, ability, and moral courage. And it was because ho felt that the Government had failed in this direction that he believed they were not worthy to retain the confidence of the House. There were oue or two matters in this connection which he himself had brought under the notice of the Government — cases which affected the welfare of society ; but his letters had been neglected, and he had felt almost insulted by the contemptuous way in which he had been treated. About three years ago he had occasion to hold an inquest at Towers Hill Creek. On investigation, the evidence showed a very j sad state of things. Two persous had com mitted suicide, and a third man, whom they found on the road, was nearly dead. In forwarding the depositions to the then At torney-General, he felt it his duty to call special attention to them, fearing lest otherwise tlicy might have been put into a pigeon-hole, and left unnoticed. Iu that letter to tbeAtlonicy-Geueral he embodied a .statement made by tho gentleman who was travelling with him at the time as to the condition of the man whom they had picked up on the road. That man's mouth was iu such a condition that he could not touch solid food. But he said to his (Mr. Paul's) companion that, if he would open his swag, he could get a bottle of Hen nessey's brand}'. The gentleman took Ihe bottle of brandy out of tho swag, and at tempted to drink it, but the very first mouthful took the skin off his tongue. Tothis loiter there had been no acknowlegdment. llisvoueher al the same time for £5 2s. 6d. for fee and travelling expenses was re turned to him with a request that the In spector of Police should certify to the mileage charged, seeming thus to indicate a suspicion as to his veracity. If any want of confidence was felt in a magistrate, surely an investigation ought to be held : and if he ( Mr. Paul) had taken advantage of bis position as a magistrate for the purpose of extorting £5 out of the Govern ment, he ought simply to have been wiped out. In another case ho (Mr. Paul) sat : on tbe Bench where a man w as summoned !? under the Timber Licensing Act fortrespass. The man had erected a public-house with out obtainiug the permission of the mana ger of the station on which it was erected, on the ground that the Government were about to declare the place a township. Tho manager of the station directed hiin to camp on the river, because he was inter fering w ith a waterhole where about 2,000 bullocks were in tbe habit of coming to drink. The man refused to move, and the case came before tbe Bench, resulting in his beiugfined ma minimum penalty. His (Mr. Paul's) conduct was called in question in the public press. TbeGovcrnmentordered the township lo be proclaimed, and the con sequence was lhat the public-house was entered upon, and in three months after wards a man was stabbed t here, and the mail who slabbed him was aligned lo make his escape. Tho publican in ques tion never reported the facts to tho police, nor sent for a doctor, and in six weeks afterwards the man who was stabbed died a miserable death. At the ' inquest which was held the doctor reported lhat tbe man died from blood poisoning, and his assailant was brought up for mur der and acquitted. The action taken by the Government iu overriding the opinions of til oil' oivn magistrates was the indirect causeoflbatman'sdeath. Magistrates ought never to be appointed unless lliey were fit for til eoffiee, and when afterwards they were found unfit tliey should promptly be dis graced. The more fact of their being in danger of being disgraced would have such a salutary effect ou many of them that the fear of public opinion would keep them honest and prevent them from doing unfair things. It was, therefore, of great importance that the Government should exorcise a strict super vision over the aclions of their magistrates, and when their actions appeared to be prompted hy malice or wrong-doing an en quiry should bo instituted ; and if the charges against them were proved they should be disgraced. He had in his mind another case, but lie should not allude to it now because it might create nn undesirable discussion. It would be sufficient to say that his (Mr. Paul's) letter 011 the subject had appeared in tbe public press, and tliat the Attorney-General — lo whom lie wrote on the same subject — had uot the courage to carry out the iuvestigation which lie demanded. lie wrote officially as a magis trate, settiug forth certain things done by benches and police authorities, and asked the Attorney- General, in justice to himself, lhat an enquiry should be held, so that it might be ascertained whether he or the other magistrates or the police authorities had been actuated more by private feeling than with regard to the public weal. No notice whatever was taken of this letter. Having made these remark's 011 a subject of considerable importance, he wouldnot detain the House anjT longer. Mr. Ltnii.EY Hill said he had 110 intention to speak on the question before the House, as he had been under the im pression tliat the Government, seeing (he close ranks of the Opposition arrayed against them, and feeling that thoy had been tried and condemned by their country men, would not have allowed the deba(e to drag beyond oue night. Their fate was as plain as the hand-writing 011 the wall. And yet they had come before Parliament with a Speech full of specious promises, aud which appealed almost solely to the imagination. They tried to foist it upon them, — not with the idea of gaining tiie vole of a single member of the House, but merely to lead the people to believe that they could carry out the promises contained in the Speech, knowing at the same time lhat they had not the slightest chance of attempting to do so. The true solution was given hy the honourable member for Mulgrave, when he said that the Speech had been introduced merely as a stumbling-block to future legislation. It would have been far more generous of the Government, when they saw the majority arrayed against them, to have gracefully retired, aud allowed better men to be chosen to fill their places. He should not have spoken had it not been for the remarks of the Min ister for Works, that the Opposition ' took away one member from Fortitude Valley, and gave it to a constituency called the Gregory, where it proved very difficult to liud a place of nomination, and almost as difficult lo find a returning officer.' With regard to these two matters, the first idea which canic into his head when he heard iu Melbourne the name of the station chosen as the place of nomination, and that Air. Monaglian had been appointed the re turning officer, that it was a most extra ordinary appointment — that it was a Gov ernment job. He thought he had arrived at tlic correct expliiun tion ofthe job. Heliad to thank his friend the honourable member for Fassifern for bringing forward the motion which gave the Gregory a member. He imagined that the Government — know- ing that the honourable gentleman was iu the district at the time — thought that ihey might save the expense of a contested election and have the honourable gentle man returned for the electorate, leaving Fassifern open to a Ministerialist; but his honourable friend, who hud promised him his support, was true to him and faithful to his old constituency and his party. Had the Government gone to any one who was acquainted with the Gregory, ('icy could have learned tliat there was a more central and more thickly-populated place than the very out-of-the-way station fixed upon, which could have been chosen, and where there would have been no difficulty in getting a returning officer. He had known Mr. Monaglian for ten years. Ho had no position in the district, nor was ho a voter for it ; he was sent a distance of 200 miles at the Government expense, he presumed, whereas at the place he had named a man could have been readily got to fill the office without remuneration. As to the difficulty of conducting a poll, had it been necessary, he could assure the House tliat there would have been none. In point of area his district compared favourably with any in the colony, being 90,900 square miles m extent. The popu lation was not great, lie granted, as at present the district was little known. He went to the printing office that day to get a copy of its electoral roll, but none could be lound, and he was referred to the Colonial Secretary's office. On going there he was shown into a room filled with dis orderly pigeon-holes, and, after some searching was done, he was told that there was no roll. He believod, however, the roll would compare favourably with that of the Mitchell district when the present member was first returned for it, between seven and eight years ago. Hewas quite sure lhat no district had shown more progress than tho Mitchell. Its electoral roll was equal to that of Fortitude Valley, for which another member was to be demanded, and its adult male population was larger. If at any time au additional member was asked for the Valley, the question of au additional member for the -Mitchell should also be brought forward. With reference to the representation ot Fortitude Valley, Brisbane, from the force of circumstances, had become their capital, and they were all pro no of it; in the interior they were all anxious tosee it advance. It had always got this advantage, th at tho whole of this branch of the Legislature was well acquainted with its wants, aud could see that it had justice done lo it ; whereas, with respect to the outside districts, there were not more thau ten out of a House of fifty-five mem bers who hud ever had the opportunity of judging fj'om personal experience of what they were called upon to legislate for such districts. He had heard one honour able member talk about railways to the in terior as lines leading to nowhere ; he pre sumed it was so to liim, because he had never seen it. Few people knew the wealth that lay dormant in these iuland districts ; in his opinion the real stable wealth and capital of the colony lay there, aud the money spent in developing them would be repaid tenfold. Let not Brisbane act as a sponge on a wet blanket , absorb ing everything for itself. Let it rather act as a generous heart, which received circula tion from tlje extreme parts of the body, and sent it forth purified to all its mem bers impartially. Let it do lhat, and its rise would be more rapid. He did not represent a class of wealthy men — millionaires; these were uot the men who went out into the interior to pave the way for future civilization; they were men with a capital of a few hundred pounds aud as much credit as they could get, and tlicy went out to risk their lives in the wilder ness, and live as bard as a man could live on the bare chance of obtaining an indepen dence. He would join any party which was resolved to docredit to these men, whom he put on a par with the class of suffering selectors to which tlic senior member for Toowoomba had alluded yesterday. His friend, the member for Leichhardt, had so ably deprecated the raising of class feelings that he would not speak upon thnt question. The member for Ipswich had deprecated the use of personalities, but the present 'Ministerialists had already set the ex ample, the first exhibition of 'dirty clothes washing' having taken place be tween an ex- Minister audthe Government; next came taunts from the Minister for Works, levelled at one of tho honourable members for Stanley; and taunts at his (Mr. Hill's) constituency, and the class to which he belonged. That class was pretty strongly represented in the House, but so was also the legal profession, to which the Minister for Works belonged. Eleven legal gentlemen were in the House, some being on one side and some on the other, as they generally were. Taking population as a liberal basis, he did not see why the legal profession was entitled to such an undue amount of representation. He did not know w'hat they had done for the colony, or what they had brought into it, whether they were large employers of labour, or had brought auy capital in the laud; they certainly had their wits sharpened and their minds fertilised in the shape of refreshers. His mind had not been fertilised with such refreshers as legal gentlemen obtained ; if it had, he had no doubt his powers of oratory would have been greater. Mr. Hkxii]!t:n said that, as a new member, he rose with considerable diffi dence to address the House after the able speeches that had already been delivered, and not being accustomed to the forms of the House, he craved the indulgenceof hon ourable members. When he went before his constituents he declared himself an independent liberal, and he hoped he should be able to carry out the principles he then professed by his votes and actions. He took his position with a minority on the Government side . of the House, because he approved, on the whole, of the programme contained in the Governor's Spcech, and thought the Ministry deserved to be complimented on the progressive policy therein enunciated. He should not speak with ihe view of being reported iu Hansard, as he believed some honourable members had already done, but should con fine himself to tho question before the House. With reference to the Chinese question, he entirely approved of the action taken by the Ministry during the last two years and recently, in giving notice to the A.S.N. Company that it should discontinue the employment of Asiatics in Queensland waters. He was glad that a Bill ' had been promised for the purpose of re stricting Chinese immigration ; he also believed in what was stated in the Speech with regard to black labour. With reference to the Local Government Act of 1878 being brought into active operation, he was of opinion that with some slight alteration it could be made a very valuable measure ; and he was satisfied, notwithstanding the remnrks from some honourable £entl em en opposite, thatit would be hailed with satisfaction in all the settled districts of the colony. As to the Civil Service, the Bill which was promised in the Speech he considered a step in the right direction, and believed it should have been in existence long ago. It was consi dered by both sides of the House that such a measure was absolutely neces sary, and he hoped they would all see it brought into existence. The Speech went on to say ' Your sanction will be asked lo certain alterations iu the tariff, which have been designed with a view to adjusting 011 a more satisfactory basis tbe incidence of indirect taxation.' The Government must have money lo carry 011 public works and effect improvements. The Custom House was a fair method of raising revenue, but the taxation in this way fell heaviest on the poorer classes, who had, as a rule, the largest families. It was admitted that a man earning £2 a-week contributed as much to the revenue as the man who had £1,000 a-year ; therefore some alteration seemed necessary in the direction indicated. Tiie Speech went 011 to say : — ' Iu order to give clTect to tbe Public Worts policy which is couteniplulcd, it will also be necessary to obtain your authority for the rais ing of an increased revenue. As the expendi ture to be incurred will tend materially to en hance the value of the public estate aud other forms of property, the additional revenue re quired should be derived ehielly from this source.' He fully approved of the policy indicated in that clause ; the more so because great public works — railways into the interior — were foreshadowed, and to carry them out tbe owners of property in the direc tion which these lines would run were en titled to bear an equitable proportion of tbe cost of construction and otherwise. He believed that the very infinitesimal tax upon the pastoral lands of the colony would be sufficient, not only to pay interest ou the £3,01)0,000 proposed by the honourable member for Mulgravc during last year, but for tliree times that amount; and under such conditions he would not mind support ing not only the £3,000,000, but quad ruple that sum, so that the couutry would be covered ? with a network of railways, north, south, east, and west. He was in favour of the view taken by the Miuistry with reference to the carrying of branch lines into the thickly settled districts of the colony, believing, despite what had fallen from honourable members opposite, that these lines would pay very much better thau the trunk lines into the far interior, where in many places a traveller seldom met 11 man or saw a house for a whole week. These branch lines would he supported by continual traffic of people and ihe carriage of produce, whereas lie could not see what would sup port the trunk linesiutothe interior; the car riage of wool, tallow, and hides, and the re turn loading of rations, once a-year, would certainly not pay interest ou the cost of con struction, much less the working expenses. He did not agree with the opinion of some honourable members on the other side, in cluding, he believed, the honourable mem ber for North Brisbane, that main trunk lines paid better than branch lines! Tbe extension of the Southern and Western line to South Brisbane he entirely approved of, believing that South Brisbane was the most suitable place to which it could be extended, 011 account, if for nothing else, of the facilities it would afford the proprietors of coal mines and other producers to ship their produce. The coal mines of the colony put forth the most valuable export it was possible for a country to possess ; hutunder the present difficulties of shipping, the coal having to be dragged by horse drays to the wharves, and punted down the rivers, sometimes two orlhree days' journey, coal proprietors were prohibited from taking orders for largo quantities of coal for sea-going vessels. Hot many days ago one of liis constituents, a coal mine pro prietor, had been obliged to decline taking an extensive order for coal for an out going vessel because he could not fulfil the order iu time, and the vessel had to leave iu ballast. The same kind of thing had been going on ever since Queensland had been a colony; aud it was time now that, if only on account, oi the large em ployment of labour it occasioned, some fa cilities should be given to one of the best interests of the couutry. With reference to European immigration, he was of opinion that it should be almost entirely restricted, for many years to come, to purely agricul tural labourers. Such men soon became employers of labour themselves, and made the best colonists ; but, unfortunately, very few of that class had come out lately. Suitable domestic servants of good charac ter should only be sent out, instead of the women who had been foisted upon the towns of Queensland from the cities of the old country, and who were a disgrace to tho Immigration Agent, and soon became a burden upon tins country. In carrying out the great public works of the colony, most honourable members would agree with the terms of the Speech, where it said tliat all public works should be performed under contracts. He should like it better if the clause went a little further, recommended that all labour cp^tiact^ should be let in short lengths^ sp, that ons own colonists of mod^%tj, papital would be enabled to compete with southern con tractors and English capitalists, as Brnsscy, Peto, and Belts, and others. It seemed to be admitted on all sides that Polynesian immigration required to be restricted or discontinued altogether. He was not singular iu the opinion that it should he discontinued altogether after due notice — say of three years— had been given to (he employers of Kanakas. It was no use travelling from the question ; the evil was similar lo that of Chinese immigration, as they both interfered materially with the European clement. The best interests of the country suffered exceedingly by their being encouraged, and the immigration should therefore be restricted for the time being, and in a short period altogether stopped. The protection from destruction of the valuable timbers of this country was a matter which should have received atten tion a long time ago. A11 honourable mem ber yesterday referred to the wholesale exportation of cedar from tho northern part of the colony to the southern colonies, which was being carried 011 without render ing one particle of prolit to the revenue of the country. That should decidedly be put a stop to. A Victorian gentleman who had been over to America and observed the system of making railways there, had suggested to him in a loiter that it would be wise in carrying out railways in this colony to keep a much wider reserve 011 each side of the line— say from six to ten chains — for the purpose of planting trees which hereafter would become valuable as telegraph poles, railway sleepers, firewood for engines, and other purposes . I11 course of time also they would probably attract rain fall, and if proper means of holding water were provided, would prove very valuablo in the interior. These opinions he suggested as worth the remembrance ot the Minister for Works, or the Minister for Lands, whichever the matter concerned most. He trusted that whatever Government might be in power, the clausc referring to the inspection of mines would not be forgotten. Last year a similar mention was made in the Opening Spcech, but nothing was done iu the matter. It was absolutely necessary if we would avoid catastrophes such as have occurred in Great Britain, where '287 men were recently blown into eternity, and in the collieries of New South Wales, where several men were lately killed in ihe same way, without a moment's notice, that some step should be taken for the security of men working iu underground mines. As he did not wish to occupy the time of the House at greater length, he begged, with those few remarks, lo support the Address in Reply. Mr. Kates said it was not his intention to criticise the different clauses in the Ministerial programme, as he thought such a course was only wasting time. It was quite evident (hat the present Government was all but dead, and their policy he be lieved would expire with them. When lie had addressed the electors of the Darling Downs, he made a distinct promise that, unless they could get a third party to form a Government, he should not support a want of confidence motion ; lhat promise lie would keep. Was it because the)' had had a vacillating, infirm, Liberal Government, that, he should desert the Liberal cause and throw himself into the arms of the Squat ling party? He said, 110. It was his opinion lhat the result of the late elections, in returning so many members apparently belonging to and supporting a chiefly nor thern squatting party, was a sign of retrogression, and threatened the develop ment of the fast rising agricultural in terests of the south of tho colony. It would be a good tiling, lie thought, for the South nnd the North to separate, as their interests were not at all identical. They only dragged upon oue another, and legislation to satisfy both was almost impossible. Tho constituency be had the honour to represent was chiefly agricultural, and the district was destined to become the granary of Queensland. He should certainly betray the confidence re posed iu him by the bone aud sinew of that electorate were he to desert the Liberal cause and to join the other side, especially at this critical juncture. It was all very well to sny that tbere was no Squatting party, but he affirmed there was. As long as there was an acre at land worth having and lighting for, that party would try to get it to the exclusion of the agri culturist. For lhat reason he had no faith in the Opposition. His intention, as the House was constituted, was to steer iui in dependent oourse and join na party ; aud, should the honourable leat'.er ot the Oppo sition assume the roius -;e Government, he would most heartily Rapport any measure that might be brought forward tending to cucourage settlement upon tho agricultural lands of the colony. Ho hoped thnt in their programme tliey would mako pro vision for connecting (lie outlying farming districts to the main trunk linos,; also for the extension of tho homestead areas, which was very much wanted ; and also a scheme lo reoaveft either by pur chase or exchange,, the alienated lands of the Uariing Downs with a view to permsmenfc settlement wgton them. The e^eitasges that had tafcen place in the Xkavliug Downs district had been the best bargain the Govey^flient had ever made They had sewed something like- 21,0001 acres of excellent,, valuable,, agricultural land, ffir au double apioiyil- of inferior country not suitable for agriculture. He maintained that tiie Government had neg lected in many instances to secure the good portions of the Downs when tliey had the opportunity. It was not so very long since Westbrook Station was in the market, and there were now 110 less than 30,000 acres oi land ou the Darling Downs offered for snle. It would be a wise thing if the Gov ernment were to secure those lands, aud cut them up into homestead areas, in order to create permanent settlement. There was also a. great necessity for the amend ment of the Impounding Act, and the settlement of the difficult question of what constituted a sheep-proof fence. O11 several occasions magistrates on the Bench had been unable to define it. Many other measures he -would most heartily support if brought forward for the good of the country, from whichever side of the House they might come. Sir. 1'iiicK said he had not intended to address the House 011 the present occasion, hut had been carefully watching and en deavouring to find out which side of the Bouse represented the Liberal party. He had declared himself for neither oue nor the other, but had conscientiously sought to discover which was the Liberal party. From the appearance of the House to night he believed the Miuistry might be turned out ; but he did not believe the other side of the House could make a Government to rule the country. 'When they came to a division, he believed they would bring all the Liberal members on to that (Ministerial) side, aud then it would he seen who constituted tho Liberal party. The Government had, 110 doubt, made a mistake; but he believed that if the House wanted legislation for the benefit of the country, they must stick to the Minis try, or a portion of tliem, because they would never be able to form another Minis try without at least some members of the one they had now. The Colonial Tkeasueei: (Mr. Dickson) : Mr. Speaker, the Government, sir, were quite prepared last evening to abide the issue of a division; but I think the several speeches w« have heard this evening have quite justified the application which was made from both sides of the House, that the debate should he adjourned uutil this evening. We have now heard from both sides some very interesting speeches fur nished by new members. It is certainly desirable that the large number of new members sitting at the present tune in this House should give some distinct expression of their opinion upon a. motion of such moment as affecting the Ministry who have had the destinies of the country confided to them for a considerable time. It was not my intention yesterday evening to speak, for the simple reason that I did not wish to protract the discussion ; but the debate has now assumed such a shape that it would be unbecoming in me, occu pying the position of Colonial Treasurer of this colsny, and whose department has been most chiefly referred to as that ex hibiting the greatest instance of Minis terial incompetency, to allow this de bate to terminate without challenging those statements, and giving a distinct contradiction to those who have made them. I certainly did expect in the debate initiated by the honourable member for Mulgrave yesterday evening, that he would have imparted to the discussion of this subject some of tliat vigour and animation which he so well knows how to introduce when he attacks the Gowrnment. I think, how ever, and I believe that it is an opinion shared by other members of the House, that the honourable gentleman felt so cou Jident with the large phalanx at his back to support bim, that lie did not think it necessary to enter into minute details. He rather confined himself to reiterating the charges made by him during the previous session, and which he imagined would be received by those members recently enter ing this Chamber without investigation, for the reason that.; coming from the hon ourable gentleman as leader of the Oppo sition, they bore the impress of accuracy. Now the statements made by the honourable gentleman are those which I intend briefly to challenge. I have no intention of taking up the time of the House unnecessarily, because I do not suppose that any words of mine will affect the rote of this Cham ber ; but I was glad to hear from my hon ourable colleague, the member for Enog gera, that he had come prepared to receive ti;e impression which would arise during thtf debate, where several members had expressed themselves to a similar purport. The remarks which the honourable member for Mulgrave made iu the introduction of his motion w.?r c well answered by the Minister for \Voi-''s ; but I propose to add a few remarks in collection 'with tliem Trliicli I feel myself at .liberty to make on this occasion. The honoiu'al1^ gentleman s speech chiefly resolved itself iu to an accu sation against the Government £SneraUy of incompetency, and he attempted ^bow that they had commenced what he eoDEj4-tt'S their disastrous administration of |tii£ affairs of the colony in 1875, when I £100, OCO was obtained 011 Loan for the purpose of improving the roads Olid bridges of the colony. He impressed that statement, which I need scarcely refer to, inasmuch as it is of very little moment whether (he monej' was borrowed for roads and bridges or for other purposes. J kave this eveniug laid on the table of the House a statement bringing forward the Treasury returns up to the end. of tlio 30th September of last year ; and frpui that statement il will be seen, instead of the financcsof the colony beingin a worso posi tion than in 1870, that the Treasury balances, together with the outstanding liabilities, exhibit an improvement of between £15,000 and £50,000, when contrasted with a similar period of 187G. Figures speak better than any statements, and honourable members can have au opportunity, when the Parliamentary papers are circulated of observing the manner in which this state ment is worked out. They will seetliat it is reliable, and that instead of the finances of tho colony being in a worse condi tion thau in 1870 tliey show a very large improvement. I should liave liked to show this to a larger extent, but He all know tliat a variety of forces have com bined during the last six months which have rendered tliem very depressing. Another statement which the honourable member made and used with expression and I think it was repeated by the honour able member for ^N'ortii Brisbane — was tliat the revenue would on tlic 30th of. Tune next exhibit a deficiency of £200,000. That, at best, is a matter of conjecture ; but there are 110 grouuds for such a pi-esuinptiou. There are many reasons which would satis factorily explain where the . deficiency occurred in the past half-year — principally in the depression which has existed, but 1 do not believe that depression will become permanent. I have a firmer belief^ in the resources of the colony than to think thnt the abnormal decline of revenue which took place iu the last six mouths isliketyto be continued for auy leugth of time in the future. The figures I have laid on the tablo of the House show that iu 1S78 our liabilities, together with the balaucc on the 30th of June last year, represented £134,000 as against £175,001) in the corres ponding period of 187G, If further corro boration is necessary, it will be found iu the Auditor-General's report. The balance 011 the 1st July, 1S77, was £142,500 ; 1st July, 1878, £190,000. I am charged, also, with having made. in my Statement allu sion to the continuance of the Bailway Ke serves, and it is right I should give to the House the reasons which led me to express approval of that measure. We know that the aims of previous Governments which we have had, whenever they found there was a falling off in the revenue, appealed to the Custom House, aud clapped 011 ten per cent. 011 tho od I'atorem duties. I trust that it will never be done in the same way and to the same extent which it was tried during 1873; but the reason why I advo cate and approve of the principle of the Hailway Unserves is that it has taught men who are interested in the welfare of this colony to look lo some other source of revenue besides the Custom House as the legitimate means of enlarging the revenue. I cannot better iilustrato this than by pointing to several parts of our revenue at the present time. During the year ending 30th of June, 1878, we had a revenue pro ducing ratably about £7 13s. per head of the gross population ; £3 9s. 6d. was fur nished from direct aud indirect taxation, and £3 0s. Od. was furnished by the Cus tom House alone. Now, what did we re ceive from the territorial estate ? Including the pastoral rents, we received, say £2 4s. 4d. per head ; therefore, unless we had some other means of increasing the territorial revenue, we would have »xhibi ted whathad been exhibited since representative Government existed— that, as the revenue of this colony was chiefly derived from the labouring aud industrial classes, who from their consumption of the necessaries of life contribute out of all proportion to the re venue, wc should have had to resort to them, contrary to the fundamental principles of political economy. Last year the He serves produced £172,000, which represents 16s. Od. per head of the population, wJiich, added to theprevious revenue derivable from real estate, make up the aggregate terms of an equivalent derived from the Customs. This may be deemed a little out of place, and somewhat too much like a financial state ment. I have 110 desire it should be so, but wish to relieve myself from the impu tation of having unreservedly approved of the Railway Bcserves Bill without being Able to show the House good reason. This approval resolves itself into this— I have all along contended that the revenue of this colony might be chiefly obtained from some other source than the Customs; and it was the introduction of a Rail way Bcserves Bill, founded upon the the Western Bailway Act, of which, you sir, were the author, that lias educated us to the point of acknowledging that taxa tion, if it be increased, must inevitably go in this direction. I care not what Adminis tration conies into power, the intelligence of the people of this colony, now that it has been directed to tbis question, will see that the revenue must not be raised solely through the Customs— not through tho facile mode of adding 10 per cent, to the taxation, but upon a more legitimate basis, by making those contribute to the State wlv? sFP the best able to do so. I further CDjitaml (i/;, at the Bailway lieserves Bill up to ike })rosdff/i^;uie has been beneficial. Pos sibly a jpolon^njL Treasurer might contend 4koj.it hw svjthdrawfi from Consolidated Beret) lie p. farmer amou# pf money than could be «w.ew»t)y spared. Wc are told that tbis i§ (It? Mte wir of the Adwlnistra tion in Sydney, where large areas of Crown lands are sold, and what represents money is deposited in the banks, which the State is unable to touch, and we aro cautioned not to be influenced by the policy of the Bailway Bcserves Bill, lest wo should get iuto a similar dilemma. At present we have not got into such a dilemma. A con trast between our action and the New South Wales Government in alienating such large territories maj be very briefly summarised thus : Wo have handled the monev. nnd spent it ill construction, and to that extent, reduced by £400,000 the necessity of applying to English capitalists. I say, then, the money from the Bailway lieserves Bill has been well employed 111 reducing our liabilities. Of course, the Bailway lieserves Act might be injudi ciously administered. It will devolve upon the ruling powers to show when it is right to dispose of land under that Act; but, up to the present time, I maintain iu eontestably that the action of the Govern ment under the Bailway Bcserves Bill has not been in any way financially disastrous lo the country, but has, 011 the contrary, taught the people to see that our landed estate and property holders must, in com mon with the Customs, become joint con tributors to the interests of the State. If even a further illustration were wanted, I would still refer to the increase of our revenue which took place last year. V- e, last year, received an increase of revenue to £122, ono ; contributed by 40 per cent, from the Customs, 39 per cent, for services rendered, and 12 per cent, only from land revenue. These figures will show, in the direction of the Bailways lieserves Bill, that an additional rental from our property holders is absolutely necessary iu the in terests of revenue. Of course our legislation is not necessarily like that ot the 'Modes aud Persians.' If it be found that the Bailway He serves Bill, or any actiou under it, can be carried out iu some other manner by which the revenue will be equally provided for, a limitation of the Bailway Bcserves Bill might in the future be possibly recon sidered by the House, and its provisions either modified or abrogated ; but before that comes to pass it will be necessary that tiie revenue shall be derived iu the manner I have indicated— not from the Custom House solely, but equally from property. I think there has been some misconception with regard to what fell from the honour able member for South Brisbane, in whieh he seemed to imagiue that it was the inten tion o£ the Government at once to submit a tariff by whieh a largely increased scale of taxation would be introduced. This is entirely without foundation. The intention of an amended tariff, to my mind is this, that we are quite justified in relieving the tax-payer as far us prac ticable upon those commodities which are things of daily consumption. Other articles . may be taxed, aud, possibly, an increased fixed list may be made ; but it is not ne cessary that an increased ad valorem duty should be established. I have already told the House that we derive £3 (is. (id. per head from Customs duties, but during the last six mouths that rate has been somewhat reduced. At the present time we are receiving £2 lfls. Od. per head, and if we had au amended tariff we might easily enlarge it to what we were receiving six months ago, and this without entailing any greater pressure upon the tax-payer. Honourable members will understand that it wouid be impossible for mc at the present time to indicate in what direction auy revising of the tariff could be made, although I have my own ideas of what direction it should take, aud how it should be subsidised. AVe have had from several speakers condolences upon the financial con dition of the colony, aud wo have even heard a disclaimer from the honourable leader of the Opposition of a desire to take office, saying that he does not want to be the leader of this House ; and he has based his disclaimer on the fact of the disastrous condition of the colouy, and of the ruinous state to which it has been brought by the present Administration. This sir, I be lieve to be only a flimsy veil to, conceal auibitious desires. 1 do not condemn the honourable gentleman because lis is am bitious, for he is right in havingan ambition ; but why does he not boldly state it in the House, and not make the financial state of the colony a cloak for liis desires. Now, I object to that, because it is putting a false colouring on the condition of the colony. And I am very sorry.to see the honourable member for Toowoomba stand up iu his place in the House aud talk of disaster, and, in his usual generalities, tell us about the Darling Downs farmers. That honour able member has often tried to appal us with the condition of the colony. I do not think the colony has suffered permanently, and I have not the slightest doubt — and my opinion is corroborated by what has been said by the honourable member for the Gregory — lhat we have no idea of the wealth which exists in the interior — that material wealth which must be made avail able to our credit ill the future. Even not withstanding the charge of incompetency brought against the Cabinet, the honour able gentleman who leads the Opposition, should he occupy these benches, will find the departments iu quite as good order, if not far better, than at any time during previous administrations ; aud particularly ' m dealing with the finances of the colony, he will require to have a strong, and loyal following, or he will be in a Weak position, j It was through the Opposition lhat Ihe ?) weakness of the Government has been evi- (3 deuced, and I charge the leader of the § Opposition with this — that instead of as sisting the Government to resist constant demands for local expenditure, he allowed those votes to proceed. I resisted them— here standing alone— and I was promised support, which honourable members failed at subsequent times to render me from cither side of the House. I trust I have a higher sense of office than that of merely acquiesciug 111 the proposals for loi-ul expenditure made by honourable mem bers 011 this side aud on that opposile t to me ; aud if the honourable member for Mulgrave does come into office, and finds himself financially embarrassed as I have indicated, it would only be a political Ne mesis for the action he has taken in not carrying out his word to the Treasurer of the colony on very many occasions. I ' know that what I say, or have said, may not have the least effect 011 a single vole ; but I believe there can be 3 no charge of incompetency laid to us. | 1 have 110 wish to tax the time of the ' House, but there is one matter before 1 i have done that requires a few remarks % from me, and that is the question of our j railiva3' construction. The honourable and ; junior member for South Brisbane, refer- f, ring to our railway policy, expressed his J disapproval of continuing the system which iias been carried out by Mr. Ballard; | but the honourable member 11111st have misconceived the statement in the Speech, as it is the intention of the Government to proceed with the main lines of commuuica tion iu the colony by contract, and in such a manner that the means of construction shall be provided by the districts through which they pass, so that they shall be 110 charge to the general ratepayer. I think that if their construction be proceeded with in this direction, and there is revenue to do so, it will be the best system. There is, however, another question connected with raiiways, which is this : that whilst any J Government administering the affairs of g this colony must proceed with railway con- J struetion, their efforts must not be confined to oue direction. The large populous districts of this colony will, I have 110 doubt, insist upon cheap lines of rail way being constructed, aud I quite con cur witli the honourable member for South Brisbane when he said that he should insist upon any Government proceeding with railway construction providing for branch lines for tho convenience of the agricultural population, and I believe that people are thoroughly alive to the necessity of railway construction in this direction, and I regret that I did not gather from [; the remarks of the honourable member for ; Mulgravc, either 011 the present or 011 j former occasions, that lie has a wliole heartedness iu this matter. On the occasion of the celebrated three-million debate the honourable member referred to the con struction of branch lines, but he had since receded from that, as anyone must have gathered from his speech last evening. When he spoke he said that experience showed that main lines of railway paid better in England than branch lines, but that is a fallacy, as branch lines hold a different position in this colony to what they do in the mother country. I maintain that if tiie locality for branch lines is judiciously selected the converse of that statement will hold good, and I trust that whatever Government may hold reins of power in this colony they will proceed with the con struction of branch lines in the manner I iiave indicated. I must say that I have uo unanimity of feeling with those honour able members who regret, the lines now in course of construction. I believe they will prove highly beneficial to the colony, and I do not agree with the honourable member for Toowoomba thnt if tlio question of the construction of the Bundaberg and Mount Perry line was re-considered ho should vote against it. Althouth in the present state of affairs, we may view with some anxiety the construc tion of the various lines sanctioned by Parliament, I believe in the future they will bo fouud of great benefit to the coun try. Begarding the burden that construc tion will be 011 the tax-payer, what is it, j after ail? Provided there are 110 exten sions, iess tlian one million will cover the cost including all the rolling-stock neces sary to work the lines. If that be so, and these matters have been carefully looked into by me, and I make the statement upou calculations and returns which have been submitted to mc by the authorities of the Public Works department — if this he so, aud it only takes another million to complete all these lines, are we to be alarmed at this great expenditure? Are wc to be afraid that our credit with British capital ists is so curtailed that we shall be unable to boiTow the money when wanted ? I be lieve, sir, we should not. I believe thai if our loans are not launched too hastily, but judiciously, they will always meet with a favourable reception in the English market ; aud I may say that I look constantly for ward to a better state of things in the Lon don money market by the month of May, when our loan will be floated, and that I believe it will be as successfully floated as the last. I have made these remarks with a viewto vindicate the firstpartof my speech, and to disprove the charges which have ? r been made against the Treasury. I do not suppose tbat what I sny will have the least i effect with honourable members as lo the ? ? way in whieh tliey will vote, but I have had. my say. The present debate is on a I matter of great importance to the country, and I trust that honourable members oppo site will be able to give lo the country good and satisfactory reasons for the trust re posed in them. Mr. O'Sullivan said he would not de tain the House for more than a few minutes ; but he rose to take exception to one state ? ?? ment which had been made bjr the honour able Treasurer, which, going forlh to the country without some contradiction, might create a false impression. He was per fectly aware of the object of the present debate — it was to go forth to tlic country to bear fruit at some future time. As the poet said, ' Coming events cast their shadows before them.' It would have been far belter, in his opinion, for the honourable gentleman to give up the ghost quietly ; but, if tliey wished to have a good fight, let them have it. Tho honour able the Treasurer stilted that the honour able the leader of the Opposition had helped to depress the finances of the colony by assisting private members on tliat side of the House in getting expenditure for their various districts. That was a very bold statement, and, if true, it oug;ht to go forth as such ; and, if untrue, it should be contradicted on the spot, so that both statements might go forlh to the public together. Now what were the facts of the case P For all the members sitting on the Opposition side of the House, there was put on the Estimates something like £50,000 ; to the best of his recollection it was alwut £55,000 ; but he had put down £50,000, and out of that the Government acquiesced in £43,000. And they were not even satisfied with that, for afterwards the Treasurer and the Miuistry assisted the ? honourable member for Wide Bay lo carry £2,000 more, although honourable members on that side of the House resisted it ; so that, in reality, out of £50,000 they actually assisted in carrying all but £5,000. Lot that go forth to the country, aud let the Treasurer, or any member of the Govern ment, contradict it if lie could. Mr. Bell : It is not my intention to un necessarily prolong this debate, and it is the fact of the Treasurer having made the statement he has that has caused me to rise to address the House, because I think his arguments and deductions are not such as ought to be allowed to pass unchallenged. I think it is a great pit}' that the honour able gentleman at the head of the Govern ment did not think fit to conclude this de bate, as far as it was in his power to do so, when he made his speech — a speech which I consider was a very excellent defence of his position ; and if the Government had died upon the delivery of that specck, they would have gone forth to the country in better circumstances than I think they will now, having allowed the debate to be so far pro longed. I think this, because we have listened to anomalies in the opinions enter tained by tbe members of the present Government — anomalies which I do not think we had any knowledge of before to night — and we find tliat they are a very long way from holding opinions that coincide with one another. The honourable gentle man at the head of the Government told us, with that openness which characterises hiin generally when speaking in this House, that he found that the politics of this colony had drifted into a state of things in which there were no longer the old existing parties of the squatter and the liberal ; that he found there were liberals on both sides of the House, and that there was now no longer any occasion for holding up those party differences which used to be the bane of this colony in its earlier days. But, on the other hand, we find the Minister for Works rising in his Ela.ce, and telling us that lie disagrees with is colleague at the head of the Govern ment. He tells us he finds that there are still existing the two old parties ; and that, in fact, the squatting party have become richer aud more poworful than ever they were. When we examine the reasons and the causes which produced these two very opposite speeches, it cannot for a moment be denied that the one speech — that of the honourable gentle man at the head of the Government — was an open, plain, unvarnished tale of the position of affairs as he found them at the present moment. He is always open and straightforward, and I shall say this, that if this is his dying night, he has my full sympathy with him ; we have been col leagues together, and I never felt the same sympathy for him as I do at this moment. But, 'on the other hand, the Minister for Works, with that astuteness which belongs to his speeches, has en deavoured to create a party feeling, and an interest in that old cry which is now extinct, in order that he may base upon it the future platform upon which he intends to go to the country. But what do wc find to be the verdict of the country, as shown by the last elections ? Can the honourable the Minister for Works for one moment suppose that his single opinion can weigh ? against the verdict of the country P And what do we find on these benches P We find mixedwith the old squattingparh- gentlemen representing every interest in the country. We find that the majority of the constituen cies in this colony have thrown together a set of men who have never before been other wise than separated, and occupy ing different sides of the House. The intelligence of the couutry has shown tliat the argument of. the honourable the Minister for Works is a fallacious one, aud il has been brought forward for a purpose which is not dignified and not useful to the best interests of the country. H wc, or if the Government, can do any good, especially at this retiring moment of the Government, it can only be done by placing before the public the state of parties exactly as it now exists, and the politics of the colony as we know them ! but when we Und au astute lawyer putting forth to the country a state of polities whieh absolutely docs not exist ill this colony, I thiuk the sooner that is plainly put forth as being non-existent the better. I feel with the honourable member who spoke last that when an inaccuracy is made by a Minister upon such an occasion as this the sooner it is stamped out by contra diction the better. Now, sir, tho Treasurer, who is my special object at this moment, has attempted to show that the maimer ill which the Government have conducted the finances of the colony has brought about a satisfactory instead of an unsatis- ! factory state of things at the end of their I term of ofiice. I admit that it is quite fair | that he should make such an attempt ; but I think a more fallacious attempt could uot have been made, because the honour able gentleman did the worst oE all things — he attempted to defend the result of the Bailway Bcserves Bill. He told us that the Bill had done good, because it had led the people up to the belief that the only correct system of taxation was direct taxation from the land. Now, what is the fact, even if it were necessary for the people to be taught up to that belief? Wo all know that the time must sooner or later arrive — whether it has arrived I am not going to say— when the land will have to produce a modicum of taxation, whether for local purposes or general purposes has yet to be discussed. But when wc find the Treasurer attempt ing to defend the most wrong-headed Act ever passed in this colony by such argu ments as we have listened to to-night, I think some of us would be wrong if we did not altempt to show them up. lie told us that the people have now learned to under stand that taxation must come from the land, aud that this had been shown by the Bailway Bcserves Bill. But what has the Bailway Beservcs Bill been doing P I give it credit for beiiig oue of the greatest causes of the very deficient position of the revenue at this moment. The honourable member has quoted, and the honourable gentleman at the head of the Government also quoted, New South Wales as an instance and as a precedent for the passing of such au Act in this colony. But at the time that Act was passed we knew that it was a blot on the statute-book of New South Wales. We knew that it was diverting the resources of the country to purposes which were not legitimate ; and yet wc followed iu Ihe same course. Aud now members of the Government who passed that Bill have the hardihood, by the most false arguments, to attempt to defend it. The fact is, that by the operation of that Bill a sum of money — a large sum of money for a small colony like this — was diverted into the con struction of railways that ought to have gone into the general revenue of the coun try. Is that providing revenue ? Is that the way in which the land resources of the country are to be diverted ? Why, we find when we look back to 1874, when this Gov ernment, or those whom they represent, took office, they had a full surplus of £210,000. That went directly over to public works, and was so absorbed. And wliat has the Treasurer done ever since ? Why he has been burning the candle at both ends. He has been raising money from the pockets of the people, or those of tliem who could pay it all ; he has been scraping it together in every way, and taking it out of the generally useful busi ness of the country, aud applying it to the construction of railways. Not only under the Railway Bcserves Bill has lie taken it, but also from every auction sale that has taken place in the country, and from every sale on deferred payments — every pound raised in that way has gone to the construction of rail ways. What, I ask, has that to do with taxation ? What has that to do with interest? The duty .of the Treasurer, if he knew his work, would have beeu lo look after the interest ; to see that it was paid, and to prevent the deficiency we find exist ing to-day. If even a modicum of the interest had beeu paid from land revenue iustead of being devoted to railwa.y con struction, tho Treasurer would not be iu the position wc find him to-day. That must be 'the future policy of this country ; it must be the payment of interest, and not that our land revenue shall go into that great absorbent — the public works of the colony. I regret very much that the Treasurer should have given his counten ance to that Bill, because I thought he had better judgment; that although he has not been as open-handed in finding money as he ought to have been— for that is the Treasurer's duty — at the sanie time I think he has shown a strong desire and capacity up to this point, and I regret to say that I am now very much disappointed. A more perverse system than that intro duced by the Bailway Beservcs Bill, and the sales of land forced oil the country by the honourable gentleman at the head of the Government, could not possibly exist ; aud if we, as Members of Parliament and guardians of the public purse, do not show our thorough disbelief in such a suicidal system, we shall be neglecting our duties as representatives of the people. Mr. Miles : I shall not detain the House many minutes, but I do not think I should allow a remark made last night by the honourable member for North Brisbane (Mr. Palmer) respecting Mr. Ballard's claim without a word or two of ex planation. That honourable member accused the Government of dilaloriness in settling Mr. Ballard's claim for compensa tion. It will be in the recollection of old members of tho House that when Mr. Ballard entered on the construction of the railway, arrangements wore made with the then Government that he was to be rewarded for the saving he might make 1 on the work. ]t was utterly impossible ! to come to a conclusion as to what those j savings were until lie had carried out j his contract lo the Comet. I went into the : office about that time and was extremely anxious that tbe claim should be settled before Mr. Ballard should carry on any fur ther works. I do not believe in repudia tion, whatever has been sanctioned hy any previous Government, the Government in power ought to do their utmost to carry out. 1 therefore wished the claim to be settled with as little delay as possible. Mr. Bal lard was brought down for that purpose, and T. had two interviews with liiiii ou the subject to, endeavour to ascertain from him the amouul of his claim. All who know Mr. Ballard knows lhat he has a great 'gift of the gab,' and he talked away at such a rate that it was utterly impossible for me to follow him. I ascertained, how ever, tbat he considered he had made a saving of from 30 to 50 per ccnt. on the cost of construction. Thcline was 100 miles long, and the average cost per mile was £G,000, so that 30 per ccnt. on the whole sum, to put it al the lowest, would amount to a verj' largo sum ; and I did not feel justi fied in coming here and asking the House to vote £30,0u0 or £40,000 for Air. Ballard until I had some definite information before me. The House would naturally wanl to know the grounds on which Mr. Ballard claiiucd this large sum, and I was not in a position lo tell them. I have taken the opportunity of visiting the work, and I have no hesitation in saying that it is well aud substantially constructed. But _ I found there were 03 miles out of tho 100 where there was simply a water table cut on each side, and the loose stuff thrown into the centre, and the ballast and sleepers laid upon it. In some places the line is ten feet under flood mark. I was anxious to give Mr. Ballard an opportunity to furnish ine with information enabling me to ask for a sum of money sufficient for his compensation. I called upon him to furnish the quantities of the various ma terials, but he only sent tliem in about a month before the session closed. My inten tion was lo compare the quantities with the prices we paid on the lines constructed in the Southern pari of the colony, and to ascertain whether there was a saving or not. I am very doubtful that this large saving has been made. At all events it was only fair and proper to ascer tain the exact amount to which Mr. Bal lard was entitled before asking the House to vote a sum of money for him. What has been done since that time I am unable to say. Mr. Ballard, in making up his statement, draws a comparison between the cost of Ihe line, and of the lines in the Southern portions of the colony. But from Westwood to the Comet there arc only three stations, whereas the Southern lines run through populous districts, aud had a station every two miles. The comparison is obviously unfair. The stations on Ihe Northern line are also of a very inferior description, although they arc quite suit able for all requirements. I hope what ever Government is in power will give their attention lo Mr. Ballard's claim, be cause whatever arrangement was made with him ought to be faithfully carried out. That is the reason, aud the only reason I can give, why this claim has not been settled. When the matter is fully gone inlo, it will be found, I believe, not only that he has not. made a saving of 30 per cent., but that Mr. Ballard is the most costly railway contractor we have got. This is my opinion, and I give il for what it is worth. There are the quantities, and it can he very easily ascertained whether Mr. Ballard is right or wrong. I hope that, whatever party may be in power, they will never make any such arrangement as that made with Mr. Ballard. If Govern ment should be of opinion that he is'entilled to that reward they will ask the House to vote it. I do not believe in these slipshod arrangements, and I am, and havo always been, of opinion that lhat system of rail way construction is bad, because the Gov ernment has no check whatever on the expenditure ; in fact, they know nothing about it. Mr. Hal lard has had the ex penditure of this large sum of money without check, aud the Government have no knowledge as to how it was being spent. The arrangement was that he was to con struct the railway as he chose, and I do not kuow that he has not done right. But it must be remembered that in time of flood traffic ou the railway will be stopped for days and weeks, and il is not fair to make a comparison between that railway and the lines constructed in the Southern parts of tho colony, where thoy are all above flood level. I will not make any remarks upon Ihe Speech, and I believe that if the leaders of both parties had had a friendly interview with each other it would have done quite as much good as all the sp;ech-making we are likely to have. I trust honourable members will endea vour to cut their speeches shorter, or the House will be in session the whole year. OE course I have no right to dictate to honourable members what tliey shall say. At all events I do not mean to say any more, and the sooner we go to a division the better. Mr. Scott said lie had no intention of defending Mr. Ballard, but the honourable member for Darling Downs had accused that gentleman of making a railway partly under flood mark. He (Mr. Scott) hap pened to know that, although portions of that railway were under flood mark, it was not constructed oil that level through any fault of Mr. Ballard's. Nearly every honourable member present knew that Mr. Ballard was not in any way to blame for it. Mr. Abcheu said that in the very few remarks he was going lo make, he should not wander through the lengthy Specch read to the house yesterday. It was stated by Lord Brougham, that Wynd hain once said that William Pitt could have spoken a king's specch right off without stopping. Bui poor Wyndham had only the experience of the House of Commons to go by. Had he lived in Queensland, he would never have given anybody credit for being able to read a Queen's Speech right off. There was certainly one great advantage attached to the long Speech tliey heard read yesterday. Both the Premier and the Minister for Works, in their eloquent perorations yes terday, boasted that whatever party came into power, they would have to confine legislation almost williin the limits of that Spcech. It could hardly be otherwise, when there were gathered together within it all the subjects that could be legislated upon. How could the Ministry go oulsidc it? It would, perhaps, have been more complete if they had introduced a new Bankruptcy Bill, or a penal statute for the repression of larrikinism. That would have made it so perfect, that no Ministry could have legislated oilier wise than in the lines there laid down, OE course, tlicy must legislate upon the questions brought before them the other (lay. Tliey must take all the fjreat ques tions in which the colony was interested, and thej' were nearly all collected in the Specch ; but did any one suppose that tliey could be disposed of in one session. No one would be silly enough to imagine that. He was going to remark, however, upon the wonderful cleverness i of Ihe Government in managing to leave out of the Spcech the only subject which was of real interest to the colony. The land question, which was the great question of the colony which had not been touched upon. The reason why gentlemen who formerly sat on the Government side of the House had come over to the Opposition, was because there was no reference to it; tliey had been driven to the Oppo sition benches on that account. Several times, yesterday, it had been stated that public works was the great question of the colony. It was true lhat no M iuistry could possibly hope to live for a month which failed to recognise it as one of the great questions ; but he denied that it was the greatest. The foundation of the colony must rest upon its lands, and the way tlicy were administered ; and the first question was, undoubtedly, that of administration. However, he was not going to enter into particulars, except to say that the Ministry had shown themselves incompetent to deal with the land question as it had come before them. It vas only within the last few years, in fact during the time the Liberal Ministry had been occupying the 'Jreasury benches, that it had really come to the knowledge of the people what enormous wealth Queensland has iu its land. The Government had not shown their capacity iu any way to deal with the subject. They had not ill any way assisted the working pioneer squatter in the way that they should, and had not acted as a large landlord would have done, by administering the public estate uot only for their own benefit but for tliul of the people settled upon it. They had shown themselves incompetent to make proper ute of the enormous territory, and by that miserable Bailway Be servcs Act had destroyed an enormous amount of the credit squatters might have got on their runs. With this Act tlicy ac tually took from the squatters the credit by means of which they could have carried on their stations, aud had put them iu a worse position, without adding one penny to the revenue. Had they benefitted the revenue one penny, he miglit have felt dis posed to forgive them to some extent, but they had done nothing of the kind ; in fact, the paper upon which the Bill was written had been declared by most of ihe speakers to be waste paper, and a mischief, instead of a benefit. There was not the slightest doubt thai our public lauds, when properly administered, could be made to contribute more lo the re venue, but they must be properly ad ministered by men who really were liberals and did not 'merely go under the inline of (he great liberal party, JJi;; special reason for rising lo address llie llonse was, to enter liis strongest. protest against the way iu which (he Minister for 'Works had spoken yesterday. Attention had been failed liy several speakers lo the class feeling which ho liad attempted to raise, by talking of squatters as opposed to liberals. A very great mail, the greatest orator England had produced, and the leader of tbe people in every reform that had been carried through the House of Commons — John Bright — once made use of the words ' Hcsiduum of the people,' and said tliey were not fit to ue entrusted with political privileges; that of course applied more to the people of England than of Australia, for lie believed that tbe latter were infinitely better fitted for all the rights and duties ol' public life than the former. England, however, re cognised that, such a class of people existed to whom John Blight's term w as applicable. A great many of the so-called Liberal party in this colony were no doubt educated men, and knew that, the anti- squatter cry was absurd, but to thiuk that a gentleman who was a graduate of a University, a Queen's Council, and a Minister of the Crown, should in his place in the Assembly try to revive this silly cry, whieh could only reach the 'licsidiuuui of the people,' was not only lo be regretted but to be condemned in the strongest terms. The Minister for Works also made the wonder ful statement that the northern members were silting with their natural enemies. He could uot understand what the honour- ^ able gentleman meant, but Mill it seemed a remarkable thing to say. aud it followed from it, he imagined, tiiat the nearer people lived together the more likely tliey were to quarrel. On the Opposition side of the House, however, there were representatives of every section of the community, aud from every part of the colony. H e certainly con sidered these attempts to breed bad blood among men who were content to sit together instead of attending to the measures of the House, would certainly not raise the person making the attempt iu the opinion of the House. He also felt compelled to enter a decided protest against an opinion whieh appparcd to prevail in this part of the country, that because a party called itself liberal it was therefore composed of liberal men. There was an old proverb, ' G ive a dog a bad name and you will kill him'; but here this was reversed — tliey gave a party a good name, aud the party lived by it. He claimed to be one of the greatest liberals in the House, and to have done more than anv one sitting on the Government side. Long bel'oiv he entered public life he had got it theory that a liberal land law should be intro- I dueed iu the colony. He knew for years , that persons who possessed money had been driven out of tiie colony because they Lad been unable to obtain land. He wrote and lectured upon the subject, and at last j;ot the people of llockhampton to elect Jiiin. Long before lhat, though ho went to Ipswich to see the great liberal leader of the day, Mr. Macalister, and laid his scheme to (is a population upon (lie land before him, he would not. altempl to give effect to them. Tliey were some what beyond his comprehension, and . it was walking out of his course. Mr. Maeali.ster rejected his proposal with scorn, and said it would ruin his party, as if the I ruin of a party should be taken into con sideration in carrying a good law .' What had the so-called Liberal parly done with the defective Land Act of Itjlib r they had made it less liberal — they had doubled the restrictious. Instead of continuing what was really a good feature of that Act — classifying lands according to quality — they had abolished it ; instead of encouraging the settlement of an industrious and sue- 1 eessfnl population upon the soil, they had ! shown themselves more anxious to get tlic | last penny out of them. He did not call i that liberalism ; and he said that, if they were going lo continue calling the members ou the opjiosite side the. great liberal j party, they should do so nol because they j were liberal men — they were certainly I liberal in one sense — they had been in power for some length of time, aud had managed to spend every penny that they had been able to borrow, lie was not at all blaming the Liberal party because bad times had made a falling ofl' in the revenue. JSTo statement had been made which would warrant the Colonial Treasurer iu saying that they had takeu a very dark view of the subject. Is'o one would lake a dark view of the prospects of the colony ; but they were now dealing with a time of temporary depression. It was the duty of a statesman to look a-hcad to the future, but in times of depression it was necessary for liini lo lake surrounding circumstances into consideration, and, like a private individual, cut his coat according to liis cloth. There was, therefore, 110 necessity for twitting the Opposition for taking an exceptionally gloomy view of affairs. Tliey were certainly quite gloomy enoug , as there seemed to be a dilliculty ill getting the necessary money to carry 011 public works. The subject was specially treated of because it Was the one now before - them, aud when olherqucstions came 'before 1 lie House, such as the Chinese or Kanaka, ( they would receive the same consideration. ' There was another side to the question tliat lie hoped would distinguish this side of the House from that of the great Liberal party, lie trusted thnt tho measures of any .Ministry that might succeed the pre sent, would be more liberal, and that the supporters now silting on this side of the House would be prepared to act much more 011 their own independent judgment than the greater number of those who had supported the Ministry had done. A few liad acted ou their own judgment, among whom were the honourable members for Toowoomba and Stanley, who liad come over to this side of the House. He was perfectly satisfied that if auy iucoming Ministry were ever to propose such transac tions as the lumping of six railways to gether ou purpose to carry their scheme through in spite of the opinion of the House, the party would desert and leave them in a minority of five members, They would be so liberal that tlicy would not assist the great Liberal party, or any other, lo force any measure lhat eould not secure a majority dowu the throat of the House. If the3r had to sup port anything, they would let it stand on | Us own merits, and not try to back it up ! by bringing other interests to support it. Tho whole conduct of the Liberal party had been illiberal, and therefore it would uot be surprising that he should heartily vote for the amendment. As an older man than the honourable the Minister for Works, he would advise that honourable gentleman uot to try to rise by fomenting bad feelings. Let him stick to good mea sures, pass theni if he could, aud go out if he could not. He wpuld then bo sure 10 rise, not only in the esteem of the couutry, but in his own esteem at the samo tinu1. Mr. IU-tledul said he envied the feel ings of any honourable member who, under circumstances like the present, standing for the first timu in an Assembly of this kind, would not experience a certain amount of trepidation. As a new member, entirety unaccustomed to surroundings like those, he craved from honourable members 011 both sides of the House that indulgence which the good sense of honourable members usually accorded to those circumstanced as lie was, notwithstanding the energetic pro test of the honourable member for Blaekall, as to the unadvisableness of stating lhat there was such a thing as a distinct Siberal party, aud 110 such thing as a squatting parly so called, he claimed to exercise the right of private judgment ; aud all his thoughts and all his investigations had led him to the conclusion that there was a very wide line of demarcation between the two dislinct 'parties, nol ouly in the House, but iu the colony. The honourable member for Blaekall, so far from having adverted in terms of such severity upon I he speech of the Minister for Works, made last evening, should have considered that such a speech from such a man was something of which a gentleman of his experience and venerable years ought to have Been proud. As a young legislator, he (Mr. Kutledge) felt proud of the honour able the Minister for Works, and felt proud that Queensland possessed a. gentleman able to defend his party when the occasion required, and able to rise to the necessity of the occasion in a wity, he rcnluredlo sny, the honourable member for Blaekall had not oflen heard excelled in the House of Commons itself. He was far from belicv ing lhat they had in this colony a party that answered in all respects lo the party which went by the name of the Tory party in the old country ; but as they found there were artificial divisions, rendered necessary by the existence of laws upon our Slutute book, between certain political parties in the two Houses of Legislature, so they found that there is a certain analogy out of doors between tile parlies supposed to represent the democracy and those who, if not aristocrats, were supposed to represent aristocracy. There never was a clearer proof than they had at the present j time that there was, in the House at all I events, a very dislinetparty entirely opposed I to all the traditions associated with the past I history of the Liberal party. The honour- i able member for blaekall had combatted the opinion that there was a Liberal party and wanted to know what evidence there was of liberalism ; but he (Mr. Kutledge) would remind the honourable member that he himself had had a great deal to do with the creatiou of that party whieh he now denounced. The honourable member was said to have been the life and soul of the Laud Act of 1 80S which caused the feeling of reseutment to be engendered in the public mind which issued iu the Liberal party. If there were any thing so objection able in this liberal party, then upon that gentleman must rest the responsibility of the creation. A very great deal of stress had been laid on the fact that upon the other side of the House there were a number of gentlemen who could not be designated squatters. The honourable member for Drayton aud Toowoomba Lad assured the House last night that he was not a squatter. He (Mr. Kutledge) con sidered it to be a matter for regret that there should be in the House honourable gentlemen who did not take their seats iu accordance with the views entertained by the constituencies they represented, but . were actuated by feelings of persona] pique, hostility to individual members of the Government, or any grounds other than 1 political. M r. Ghoom said lie must call the honour able member to ordeh though lie was sorry to have -0 do so ill his maiden speech. Ho considered it was most 5ndeepiit and im proper to impute personal motives. The Spi-akeu : The honourable member is out of order. Mr. HoTLiinGi! said he hnd to speak for a reason to explain the sudden change wbich had taken place in the attitude of certain honourable members, aud for what seemed to be a very great changc in the spirit of certain constituencies, which, until lately, liad been regarded as the most liberal constituencies in the colony. He did not wish to impute anything but the broadest and most, patriotic grounds for the action taken by the honourable member for Drayton and Toowoomba, in placing him self among gentlemen entirely new to 'him in the capacity of legislators ; but lie was struck by the fact that here was a gentle man occupying a seat 011 the other side of the House, who had always been foremost as the champion of the people's rights, and who represented a constituency which had always been foremost among constituencies who hnd been regarded as having an anti pathy to gentlemen who were representa tives of the pastoral tenants of the Crown. In the presence of the disclaimer of the honourable member that he had acted on other than political grounds, he (Mr. Kut ledge) was perfectly mystified as to why he sat now where he did not sit when the House met last session. He had also re garded Gympie, for whose representative he had reason to feel every respect, as being one of the liberal coiutitutencies, aud he had not heard of any wonderful change having taken place in the minds of the people of (hat constituency as to lead tliem to choose a member who did not truly represent the principles they held. Then he came lo the honourable and learned member for Bulimba, who was to be found sitting on the other side of the House, though the gentlemen who elected him, were as liberal aud pronounced as any who sat on the Ministerial side of the House. When lie thought that one of the honourable gentleman's predecessors was Colonial Treasurer of this very administration — a Colonial Treasurer of whom they were not a little proud — he was puzzled to know why the present representative of that con stituency sat on that side of the House. He had not risen for the purpose of making au apology for the Government. Without having pledged himself to support the Government, he had always expressed his sympathy with the Liberal party. Ho would challenge anyone to say that he had come pledged to support the Liberal Government ; as oil more than one occasion during his canvass he had staled that he would support the Liberal party, but would uot support the gentle men fonniug the Ministry, either in dividually or collectively. But his sup port to them was actuated by the con viction that, in the hands of those gentlemen, the inlerests of the colony were safe; the interests of the colony would not be safe, in his judgment, in the hands of any Administration formed from tin .benches 011 the other side. He was sensible that there had been many short comings on the part of the members of tho Government, aud he did not support them iu everything ; there had been many mea sures brought forward of which, per sonally, he disapproved. For instance, the bunching system of railways, which had committed the country injudi ciously to a very large expenditure. The leader of the Government of that day was chargeable with a very serious amount of culpability for the part I10 had taken in that matter. He had been told by gentlemen on the other side of the House that they opposed these railways ; that they used the very forms of the House to try and defeat the Government of tho day. What conclusion was he to arrive at from that. Was it that these gentlemen were actuated by a desire to economise or to protect the country from extravagance ? He did not think so. He feared that their opposition to these proposals to construct these five lines of railway was simply because the Government of the day was taking the wind out of their oppo nent's sails. What did he find they did ? Why, the leader of the Opposition came down to the house, even after this enormous expenditure, which thoy op posed, had been incurred, and calmly and quietly proposed — and very nearly carried his proposition — that the country should be committed to an expenditure of three millions more, for the purpose of carrying railways into the 'Xcvcr ATever' country, and into the far interior. If, then, the sin of the Government, in going in for expenditure, was great, the sin of the Opposition was infinitely greater. As a public uian, and as leader of the Opposi tion, he (Mr. liutledge) looked on the present leader of the Opposition, witli respect, and lie believed that had that party had the wisdom sometime before they dij lo have appointed the honourable member for Mulgrave their leader — aud he did not say this out of any wish to dis parage tho honourable member who was previously the leader — they had in duced the then leader of that side to give way to the honourable member for Mulgrave, the present Opposition side of the House would have made very much more headway during the last Parliament than they did. And while he; believed in firmness, and bluntness, and ilohn Bull honestv, and all that sort of thing, still it might tie carried just a little too fur. One of the great sins which was constantly held up as committed by the honourable mem ber at the head of the Government was that he was weak and vheillating. It would certainly be a fault if tho honourable gen tloman were to endeavour lo oblige every, body, and it was certain I10 could nol please everybody if he tried, so that he was in an uncomfortable position altogether. ^ There had been several charges made against the Government last night, and he now pro posed in a very few words, for he did not wish to make any lengthened observa tions iu reference to two or three matters which were thrown out as accusations against the Government, and directly at the party who were supporting thein. Ho entirely dissented from the remarks of the honourable member for Blaekall, nnd from the statement that it would have been better had the debate concluded last night, after the leaders on each side had addressed the House and given their views. W hat did honourable members come to the House for? Surely tliey were not dumb dogs, and never to open their mouths. Besides, the leader might say something lo which honourable members did not entirely assent — and were they to remain silent then r1 The constituencies, too, had to be con sidered, and they had a right to know the reasons, and the worth of those reasons, when it was proposed to do such an important legislative act as to give a vote which was to decide the fate of a Ministry. However, the first charge laid by the leader of the Opposition, was, that the Government were responsible for the stale of things which resulted in the Chinese agitation. He (Mr. Butledge) thought, the honourable members must have been conscious at the time he was making that statement, that he was going beyond the facts — that he was dealing with the language of hyperbole. Mow for any member of Government to say that the action of the A.S.If. Company in endeavour ing to inundate Ihe colony with Mon golians — to open the door to every de. partment of labour to the Mongolian race, was really not borne out by the actual facts. He (Mr. Kutledge) with the impa tience which characterised some honour able gentlemen, might have felt some impa tience with the honourable gentleman at the head of the Government, that he liad not when interviewed, spoken more decidedly that he had not intimated to the A.S.N. Company that Chinese immigration was to terminate at once, but now that they saw that a fresh contract was to be called for, and that steps had been taken to meet the occasion, then he thought that it became evident thai ihe intentions of the Govern- ; ment were pure aud honest. Why, then, should they join iu hurling the ueeusation at the head of the Government? And who were the gentlemen who did it? Why, tliey were those who had been accustomed to support Chinese immigration. Had not those honourable gentlemen joined them selves liand-in-hand to enforce the state ments of an honourable gentleman who sat ou that side of the House iu the last Parliament, and who constantly referred to the necessity of having Chinese in troduced into this colony, and who depre cated the action of the Government in endeavouring to prevent it — the ouly Gov ernment, too, in the Australian colonies which had had the courage to take such steps as were likely to prevent an inunda tion of Mongolians. Aud while the honor able gentleman at the head of the Govern ment was writing to the various Premiers of other colonics and trying to induce them to unite in representing the facts to the Imperial Government, lie was met by the strongest opposition from the other side of the House. And yet this state ment was made by the honourable leader of the Opposition that the Government were responsible for the Chinese agitation. He (Mi\ Jiulledge) was sorry to find that the honourable the junior member for North Brisbane and the honourable member for Drayton and Toowoomba were of like mind with the leader of the Opposition. He hoped the honourable member for North Brisbaue had changed his views on the subject of Chinese immigration. It was said that the honourable member would form one of another administration, aud he (Mr. Butledge) did not suppose that whatever was said would affect the vote that was to be given. If it should come to pass that he was called to form a member of an administration he (Mr. Butledge) warned him that he would have to speak out on the Chinese, question in no am biguous terms if he desired to come back to the House. Another charge against the Government was, that they were re. sponsible for the pressure which was brought to bear nnd which led to the dis franchisement of Fortitude Valley. Now nothing could have been in worse taste than such a statement made by the gentle man who helped to bring about that state of things, for which he now sought to fasten on tho Government the responsibility. The honourable member said that, when the Government were defeated on the motion, which was brought in by the honourable member for Toowoomba, they ought im mediately to have withdrawn the Bill. That was a peculiar idea of justice that, because one constituency could not get its proper share ot representation, twelve other constituencies were to go without, their proper representation ; and while it was a matter of regret that the intentions of the Government were not carried into effect still it was much lo their credit (hat that Bill was carried through the House with so little mutilation. And when tho Electoral Districts Act be came law, ? public! opinion was so strongly expressed tbat an injustice had been done, tbat it was believed neither side of the House would attempt to refuse to Rive Fortitude Valley its proper representa ' tion. On tbe members opposite rostcd the responsibility oi the great injustice done to thecleeloratc. The honourable member for Toowoomba last night, had produced a letter from a selector on Darling Downs, who, being what was Known as ' hard lip,' sought to obtain relief from the Govern ment,. This Darling Downs gentleman was one of those who always turned up to the aid of the honourable gentleman who produced tbe loiter. He (Mr. Butledge) did not know whether the honourable member had been having anything to do with tbe necromancy to which he referred last night, but it really was a very remarkable coincidence that, when these documents were wanted, they always turned up as having been received tliat very day. There was nothing wrong in the selectors being distressed, and he sympathised with them very much ? Mr. {xboom : We don't want your sympathy. Mr. Kutledge : I said they might find thatt.be time would comcwhenhis sympathy would be of more value to them than that of the honourable member for Toowoomba. He did not think that the fact of a selector being destitute of the necessaries of life, was a tiling for which the Government should he impeached, and for which tliey should be found guilty of having brought the country to its present state of impoverishment. The fact was thnt we have been sharing in the state of depression (hat liad existed all over the face of the globe. He considered that we liad reason to be thankful that whilst in China millions of onr fellow creatures bad been dying of starvation ; that whilst in India we had been subscrib ing to keep the people alive, our farmers had not been obliged to become the recipents of charily as those unfortunate people had been. Tho fact was, that the colony had been passing over two years of severe depression caused by drought, and that he thought should have excited the sympathy of hon ourable members, and not have causcd them to hastily condcmn the Government. He would just remind the House in order to show how- valueless were the: arguments of the honourable member for Drayton and Toowoomba — that in the speech the hon ourable member made last evening, when deprecating the condition of things, he said that tho Government was responsible for tliem, and, moreover, that if he had bis way he wouldimmediutely pay off the contractors of the Bundabcrg and Mount, Perry line, and give tbem compensation for throwing up the contract. That was legislation cer tainly witb a vengeance. He must say that he should bo ashamed to give expres sion to such an original idea ; that honour able member was one of the members that backed up and supported the Government when the five railways were before the House, aud who said that Ihe Government should carry 011 public works, and provide something for tbe people to eat, and for that honourable member lo say that he ?would plunder the exchequer by taking out money lo pay oft' the contractors, was to admit a thing that would be ii monstrosity in tbe shape of legislation, and to wbich he (Mr. llutledge), at all events, would never be a party. He agreed witb the honourable member for Blaekall that there was 110 occasion to go through the clauscs of the speech delivered by His Kxccllency, but I10 must say tbat if they were to have taxation, and to have public works suited to the resources of the colony, they ought to trust gentlemen whom they had proved rather than gentlemen who had not; been proved. Tliey knew that honourable members 011 his side of Ihe House were a united party, whih;t those 01) the opposite side were a heterogenous mass. No common sentiment actuated tliem, and just as by a kind of uuexplain able influence, a kind of magnetism they had been just drawn together, so when that magnetic proccss had been removed they would undergo a process of disin tegration as rapidly as that of their forma tion. He apologised to the House for having occupied their time for so long Mr. Pkekiks said he regretted that he wns unable to go at any length into Ihe debate ; but at the same time there was no necessity for his doing so, as he believed that the minds of honourable members were made up as to which wajr (hey would vote. He thought that the Government, could not be congratulated on the speech which had just been delivered hy (he honourable member for Enoggera. That honourable gentleman bad (old them lhathalf a loaf was better than no bread ; that suggested a politi cal problem which be (Mr. Perkins) should like to see solved. If half a loaf was better than no bread, what was the value of a whole loaf. He began to think that, there must be sonic blunder about, politics, something (o be picked up which be had not yet, got on the scent of. It was evident that if the pursuit of politics paid better (ban divinity or many other pur suits that hypocrites cloaked themselves with, or took shelter under or out side the House, then they ramn to politics. He did not. know whether it was a hopeful sign of the times or not, but ho was very doubtful oE it. He supposed some day or other tliey would tap the spring of oil iu the rock, whether with Aaron's rod or 110L he could nol say. It was nol. necessary for him to refer to any thing that tho honourable member for Enoggera had said, beyond saying that the honourable member had studied his sermon very well. He, however, for one, would not, submit to be sermonised, and it was quiLe time enough for honourable mem bers, especially new members, to talk about their honesty when it was doubted. For his part, whenever he heard a man talk about his honesty he had his doubts about it, and looked at that per son's antecedents. He considered the charges wliicb had b;'ca made by the honourable member against honourable members oil the opposite benches were most intemperate and uncalled for; they were not. delivered as by a man telling the truth, or one who believed the statements he was making. Some in sinuations bad been made concerning himself, which lie should not have no ticed were, it not that there were many new members in (lie House with whom such .statements might have some weight, if they wcro not contradicted. It was well known to honourable members who had I been in the House last session why he crossed over. He had made a promise lo his constituents, that if some change was not made in the administration of the lauds, he should shift his , sent, as he had found that the honour able Premier, who was Minister for Lands, at the time, handicapped the persons of small means who wished to settle on the lands, whilst he looked with a kind eye on parts of the Darling Downs, and merely winked it when letting capitalists get thou sands of acres there. He merely men tioned that for the information of new members — (here was one li((le piece of machinery on whieh the Government had always operated, aud tbat was, that tlicy represented the Liberal party— not the great Liberal parly, as they bad dropped the word 'great' lately, and that machinery had been used most dexterously by the Minister for Works. After the speeches, however, wbich had been delivered by the honourable members for Northern Downs and Blaekall, he should like to ask any member of the Government what there was to say about liberalism. It was also well known (hat, whenever anyone wan(cd redress, their best friends wcie (o be found 011 the Opposition, and not on the so-called l.iberal side of tlic House. What belter evidence could there be of lhat thau the encounter between the Premier and the late Minister for Works. Let honourable mcfnbers look at the dif ferent accounts given of the matter, and judge for themselves. Of course a longer account was given by one side than by the other, but ou the one there was a short straightforward statement, whilst 011 the on the other there was a ' long rig marole of words which meant nothing. He happened lo know that the honourable gentleman encouraged idlers. If to be liberal was to fill places with idlers aud incompetent and incapable people, and to give the proceeds of sales of machinery and instruments to undeserving people who had 110 claim whatever — to have one law for the rich man, or man of title, and another for the poor man, and lo mal-administer the laws — then lie said the honourable gentle man had every claim to the title. He (Mi. Perkins) confronted him with it now, and let him deny it if lie could. It was quite time that the public were made aware of (lie false cry about Liberal and Squatter. He had a distinct recollection that when the Maryborough and Gympie railway was brought forward — and there was some re bellious spirits in the camp — the honour able the Premier said that if he did not get that line carried out — that was at £2,000 per mile — he would resign imme diately, and go into the Opposition. That was how he tried to keep his parly together. He held them together by 'a rope of sand, by tricks, and by telling tliem that if he left oflicc the squatters would come into power. The Premier : I rise to correct the honourable gentleman. The fact he has staled is perfectly new to me, and unknown to those gentlemen with whom I am acting. The SIiKisi'EU fob. Works : Hear, hear. Mr. GnooM : You must have a very bad memory to say so. Mr. Peukins repeated that the Premier said so, and said so more than once. The honourable gentleman also went about the country holding it out as a red rag to can didates, that if they did not support him the squatters would come into power- Let him recollect his statement at Toowoomba. Perhaps he forgot that also. Perhaps he nas blest with a convenient memory. He would not willingly misquote ihe honour able gentleman, but he said what he (Mr. Perkins) had s(atcd, and there were mem beis in Ihe House who could say (he same thing if they chose to do so. That was the threat. The Pbemier : I rise to order. The honourable member has made a statement which is not correct. I never made (hat statement. The Si'RAEKR : The honourable the Premier having denied ihe sllllcmcnt, the honourable member is out of order in repeating it. Mr. PmiKlKS said he would not persist in liis statement, as he had no wish to infringe the rules of tho House; and lie would now dircct attention (o another 111 niter. While tlic threat was being held out to the great Liberal parly — that if thoy did not act ill a certain waj', the squatters would come into power ; ho felt il, his duly lo call attention to the matter, and be put it before his constituents Ihiit if tho squat ter was such an offensive creature as the Premier had pointed him out to he, and such terrible calamities wcro to over take the country 011 their advent lo power that the Premier had foretold, it was very extraordinary that when that honourable gentleman had anything to give nway he was more liberal to the squatters than anyone else ; that he was more liberal with them in dealing with lands, never making troublesome iuquiries as to whether the conditions wcro per formed or not, than lie was with 80-acro people. The Premier : No, I wns not. Mr. PerkIoS said (here was the case of Ihe Ynudilla selections, where the honour able gentleman gave, aw ay 11,000 acres of land without any inquiry whatever — land that was worth £3 an acre, while ot her land, not worth 10s. an acre, was put up in eigbly-acre blocks, and selectors had lo pay 30s. or £'2 an acre for it. Did tliat show any desire to settle people on the lands ? He also thought it very strange if all these calamities were to accrue to the colony if the squatters came into power, that when ever I here was a vacancy in the Ministry the honourable gentleman always'applied to the squatters lo fill that vacancy. The Premier : I deny it. Mr. Peiikiks would repeat his statement, but with this corrcction tbat the honour able gentlemen himself- did not ask those gentlemen to join his Ministry, hut it was done nevertheless. The gentleman who acted as ambassador or mediator on such occasions was called into existence, and it was done. He therefore thought Ihe honourable gentleman was not entitled to be considered the father of tlic liberals any longer. If he (the Premier) did not. ar rogate . somuch lo himself, perhaps this might have been allowed io pass unnoticcd ; but when he went Hying about the country from constituency to constituency as if lie had not the place lo rest the sole of bis foot, he must expect it. He thought the honour able gentleman, in place of going (o Too woomba aud other constituencies and dic tating to the people, as towbom they should return, should have stopped at home where lie had trouble enough 011 hand. And this reminded liini (Mr. Perkins) of the way in which lhat honourable gentleman plumed himself yesterday on (he result of the elec tions. Hut what did he do? As a test he (Mr. Perkins) would refer (o the Mary borough election, ill reference to which the honourable gentleman stated be had been returned by an overwhelming majority. But he (Mr. Perkins) believed (lie fact was that he (acted himself onto the coal-tails of sonic other candidate at I ho start, and hence the result. Ho (Mr. Perkins) and other members happened to know at what cost, lo Ihe country tho honourable gentle man had been returned ; and so long as lie re mained in (he colony he should always regret his conduct in connection with the Maryborough and Gympie Bailway. He did not say that the people there were, nol entitled to a railway, because he believed ill railways more than a road; but he would say this: that the honourable gentle man, whether intentionally or not, had con trived to deceive his party into voting for (hat railway 011 the distinct understanding that it would not cost mores than £2,500 per mile. If it had not been forthatstaleinent he (Mr. Perkins) would not have voted for it ; and, after being imposed upon on that pccasion, and seeing lhat some of the most substantial men of Maryborough admitted that Ihe construction of tlio line would be a waste oi money, and that it might as well be divided amongst, the people at onee, he thought he was justified in coming lo the conclusion (bat he had; and that when be found lie was on (he wrong road Ihe sooner he re traced his steps tho. better. In what way, therefore, could tbe finger of scorn he pointed at him, because he had crossed over to that side of the House? Could any member on the Treasury bench say that, he had done so to serve himself, or (bathe expected anything? He was not looking for anything ; he was not a voting machine or a time-server ; he did not pretend io be a guardian of Ib'c people and their defender against capitalists and land sharks and others ; but they had seen the exchanges that had been made ; they had seen Ihe exhibitions that had taken place in that House, and he was sure that if the honourable gentleman at the head of the Government . occupied that position much longer, he would soon become lircdof some of Ihe supporters he had been instrumental 1 in bringing to ihe House. Bui whenever I he had a vacancy in the Ministry, and he would not get a squatter (o join him, he must always go to Queen-street. Ho must stick to the gutters up and down Queen street, and it was notorious that this colony from Normanton to Stanthorpc, aftd from Cape Bowling Green lo tbe far west, was ruled over by a few persons, picked up by accident or design iu Quoen- slrccl. Wan that fair, he would ask ? Would tho honourable gentleman say for one inouieut thai any man endow ed with a rcasonabla amount of common sense, would submit lo, or endure any such treatment — that Qucen-slreet was to rule the whole of Queensland? He (Mr. Perkins) resented it now as he had done before, and he bad (old the honourable gcntlemefr (hat lie? should do so, and therefore he had nothing (o complain of. The honour jble tbe Treasurer hud slated that the Treasury was now in a better condition than it was in 18/6 ; but tlicy knew well to Ihe contrary. Figures, of course, could ho made to prove anything, and looking at the circuitous route the honour able gentleman took iu dealing with Ibem, it was quite possible that he might havo made an impression upon some hononrablo members; but (Ley all knew without any figures at all that the Treasury was not ill in as heal I hy and sound a condition as it was in 1876. The Treasurer was (old twelve months ago I bat his estimates would never be realised ; but he pooh-poohed tho statement. After eighteen months or two years' drought the Treasurer was foolish enough to believe thai the revenue would be as clastic and buoyant as it had been previously, but it was not reasonable lo expect, that it would be so, aud his trying lo hoodwink members by saying that it was as sound as in If- 70 was simply a delusion. As lo the operation of the Bailway Bcserves Act, if il had been attended wilh so much success an the Trea surer would have them believe, why did they not continue to operate upon itP Where was the necessity lo go elsewhere for money? He did not for a moment intend to blame the honourable the Trea surer or auy member of the Ministry for the misfortune that lind overtaken the colony, but why did he keepon repeating that the measure was a success, w hen itwaskiiown to be a most egregious aud lamentable failure ? The honourable member for Ips wich (Mr. Maefarlauc) said that the Minis try did not spend any money on the elec tious, and lie (Mr. Perkins) would not charge tliem with having done to ; but he would say lhat they hail done everything short of it, aud a good deal that was more unfuir than spending money, iu trying lo prevent the return of members (o Ihe House who were likely lo be opposed to tliem. He did not thiuk it wns necessary for him lodo more than explain this matter about 'Liberals' and 'Squat- ters, 'and tosayllial he failed todiscoverlhe liberals on the Government, side of the House. If he wanted io sec (he Liberal party he had to look 011 this (Opposition) side for it ; aud if be found at any time, so long as he remained a member of Ihe House, that lbc gentlemen ou this side, when in possession of the Treasury benches, ceased to be liberal, ceased to act for the benefil of Ihe multitude, and began to play those tricks, and pranks, aud frauds on (lie people and the Treasury which had been hinted at and foretold by some supporters of the Gov ernment, lie should immediately walk across the floor of the House and support some other party. Thf. Premier : I wish, sir, to make a personal explanation wilh reference to a statement made by Ihe honourable gontleman which has just sat down and to which it, is necessary I should reply. The honourable gentleman stated to- night what, he has previously slated, that I made offers (0 honourable genilemen on (lie opposite side of the House. I refer lo a statement published in the Courier of Ihe 8th November, similar lo thai which has now been made, when the hononrablo gentleman, addressing a public meeting is reported lo have said . — ' III referring to (he ' Liberal party,' ns rie fined by Mr. Douglas, ho slated thnt to liis (Mr. Perkins') own knowledge, Sir. Douglas liad (ricd (o get three of tbe most prominent mem bers of the Opposition to join him before bo took Mr. Miles, who eventually proved too honest, for the Queen- street politicians, and was got rid of. Tlnit was such a precise statement that. I requested the honourable gentleman io contradict it. It had no foundation in fact. I had made 110 such offers, aud I felt I was bound to inform the honourable gentlema n that he could not have stated it upon his owu knowledge, because it was incorrect. But the honourable gentleman never did me the honour to contradict, tliat statement, as he ought to have done, and as it would have been only manly and truthful for him to have done. The question was not a question of the Liberal party at all, but simply of truth or falsehood, and I deliberately s(a(ed that it was not true, lhat there was not the slightest founda tion for it, and I regret very much that the honourable gentleman did not contra dict it. Mr. Pee kins said the words 'of his own knowledge ' in the newspaper report was not exactly correct, but he still adhered to his statement notwithstanding the asser tions of the Premier. Mr. McIlwraith : I thiuk I have a perfect right to state w hat I know on tho matter. It is unfair for (he Premier to contradict the statement made, for I can state most positively ? ? The' Speakkh : Tho honournblc gentle mail merely rose to make a personal cxplri untion. The honourable mombor for Mul grave, having already addressed the House, can only speak again hy the indulgence of the House. Mr. McTlweaith : I know I shall havo (he indulgence of the House for what I have to say. In contradiction to what has fallen from the Premier, I may say that I know, of my oivn kuowledgc, that before the place occupied by the lato Minister for Works was filled up, it was offered by an agent of the Premier to a squatter ou this side of the House. That is a fact within mv own knowledge. Tho Pbhmikb : Name ! Mr. McIlwbaitii : I shall mention no names, but I know it of my own know ledge. Question— Tbat (lie words proposed to be omitted stand part, of tho question — put. Tho House divided : — Ayes, 20. Jfcssrs. Douplns, Gai- rick, Gri ffitli, DifJiHon llrLean, Kingfford, Price, Rao, Mticfurliuic, Grimes, Slublcy, Hcndren, 33nilcy, JVleston, Jiutledge, Mackay, Kates, Ilorwitz, Tyrol, aud Patersou. Nous, 32. Messrs. Bell, Thompson, Pnlmer, McTlwreith, Stevenson. Morcbead, KeJIell, Fcrliivs , Pcrsse, IKorton, Low, Scott, Simpson, Bcor, Hill, Stc veils, Paul, Auilmrst, H. 'VV. Palmer, ldilor, Denne, 'WalEli, Slienffc, Uajnes, Pring, Hnniil (on, O'SiilJivjiji., Cooper, Swamviek, Groom, Davenport, and Archer. i Question therefore resolved in the nega- j tivc. I Q.uestion— That the words proposed to [ he inserted, lie so inserted and that the - Address, as amended, bo adopted— put and passed. ADJOUIiNMENT Tbe Pbemieb : licfore moving tlio ad journment of tbe House, I beg to intimate (bat His h'xccllency tbe Governor, as I have ascertained, will be prepared to re ccive the Speaker at half-past eleven to- 1 morrow. I move, therefore, that tho Houso 1 do now' adjourn till eleven o'clock to morrow. Mr. McIlwb a.ith said there wore certain motions :on the paper, and in order to have them Aiifposod ot before the Address in lleply was presented, ho would ask tho Premier to amend his motion so ay to make the adjournment, until half-past 10 o'clock. ' Tlic Pbemirb said that after such a , motion as that jus! disposed of had been .! carried, ho could not .undertake to prococd with further business. 1 Mr. . McIlwhaitii said that ho would (lien move, as an amendment, that the House should meet at 10 o'clock. Tho Minister toe Wobks said the hon ourable member bad taken a very unusual course. ,\y!ieji a motion involving tbe de feat of the Government had been carried, the Government could not go on with other business ; and it was also one of the first principles of Constitutional law that none should he proceeded villi until a Govern ment bad beeu obtained which possessed the confidence of (he House. Tlic amend ment first carried was, that the House de clined to consider business so long as the present Ministry remained on tlic Treasury benches ; it was obvious, therefore, tbat tho Ministry could not go on. It was the practice invariably, under the same circum stances, for the Premier to move the ad journmi'iit of the House, and the first thing the Ministry had to do was lo signify the intel ligence to tlio Governor. His lixccllcncy had fixed upon half-past ten to receive tho Address, and it was rather remarkable that (hey should transact business before doing so. He conld'give some other reasons — Mr. Bell: 2\~o; it's all right. Mr. McIlivbaith said his chief object in wishing to go on with business to morrow, was to save time. No doubt the ex- Attorney-General was right, tbat under the amendment, the Houso declined to consider business whilst the Ministry held office, b|it that meant business introduced by the Government. It was perfectly competent for tbe House to select its .officers, and ho -was quito justified in taking that course from the action of tho Govern ment. The Premier, after putting down ;thenamoof tho gentleman he .intended to propose for tho ollico of Chairman of Com mittees, informed him that he declined to iproceod with the motion. It was theroforo neoessary for tho Opposition to go on with tho election of that officer, and there was, nothing inconsistent in their doing so ; he would thorcforo press the amendment. The Premier - said tlio decision arrived at that evening would not prevent the hon ourable gentleman from proceeding wilh tho business he had named, or auy other at a future time. Mr. McIlwba.itb said, that if the hon ourable the Premier would, when tho House met on Tuesday, take tho business ? of which notice had been given, he had no intention of forcing tho appointment of Chairman of Committees, and on the under standing that the honourablo gentleman would do so, he should have no objection to withdraw his amendment. The Pbemieb replied that he could come to no understanding. If the honourablo gentleman referred to previous circum stances, he would see tliat there was no .difficulty in transacting tlic ordinary busi ness, and the same coursc might be adopted on this occasion. Mr, McIlwbaith said ho would point out to the ex- Attorney-General that he liad been inaccurate} in his statement of the terms of the amendment ; it referred merely to some of tlic subjects submitted in the Spcech, and they now declined to proceed with their consideration ; not with all the business. The Minister fob Wobks said, he sat down on its being said by one honourable member on tlio Opposition benches tbat tho matter was settled ; he understood then that there was to be an adjournment iii accordancc with tho usual practice. Mr. Bell said he had not the authority of the leader of the Opposition for calling out 'Ail right.' He hoped his honour able friend would ,not persist in doing that , . which he might carry into effect without ? difficulty.. ? ; . ' Mr. Palmeb had no-doubt that if the -, honourable tho leader of tho Opposition - ? , pressed . his amendment to a .division . it would be carried but strongly rccom- . i. mended liim not to do. -so. Jjct tliem get tho address presented first.- -There was plenty of time, whether the' Goyernment liked it lor not, to appoint a Chairman of. 'Committees; Supply must be had hy any . . Ministry coming into power, and before it could be got there-must bo a Chairman of Committees chosen. ? ? ' Mr. McIlwbaith said, from tbo assent given by tho Premier to his honourable friend's remarks he concluded that he was' in favour of appointing the Chairman of Committees before tho recess. Ho had ' ? been told that it was the intention of tho Government to prevent tho appointment ' taking place, and his objcct was to defeat that intention being carried out. Seeing (bat the Government liad no such wish, he would accept the advice given by tlib honourable member for North Brisbane. The Pbemieb could not agree with tho remarks of the honourable member in the , sense conveyed by him. On previous oc casions an Acting Chairman was chosen, and ihe same course, it seemed to him, might be now followed. Mr. McIlwjiaith then withdrew his , amendment with thcconscnt of. the House. Original question, put and passed. The House adjourned at twenty-five . ? minutes after nine o'clock. ' By Authority: Jamis C. Bbai,. Government Printer, William street, Brisbane, ' , 