MiS04L.ANEOUS. Archbishop V igh:siln's Third Pzes tort I Letter. (Froni the S olcy Morni,;i lHerald.) "Rocat n n tso Grace of God and the favour f he Apostolic See, Aich bishop of S l ey Ad Meotropolitan, to the Clergy, 'cular and Regular, and the Faithful i so said Archdiocese.. l- Health and \liction in the Lord. "'lteverend'ai. i ar Brethren and Dear Children in Jesu Oh 'iat, " Those and sly 'those who have upon thema the burden of the Episcopal lofice can adequiately comprehend the responsibilities that, press .upon our conscience at, the present'hour. Placud as we have been by the d?oiniand of tis 'Sovereign Pontiff in cisarge of this archdiocese, we becomeo responsible to God for the souls of our people. The thought of the great Account . ing- day, when we ahall have to answer for .-thom.rn as well as for, ourselves, renders us. almost deaf to the 'contention of tongues, whilst we are absorbed by the overwhelm ing anxiety of how we may fulfil our duties, and be fisithful to out charge. The motives of fear or of dIspondniicy which weigh with men who do not realize this thought produce little effect upon a bishop's nimagination. His great aim is to dave as many souls.as possible ; to instil faith, hope, and, above all, love, into many hearts; and to protect, instruct, and warn, in season and odt of season, the flock confided to his care. ' He is the bishop,? says the 38th Apostolic Canon, ' to whose faith the people are con fided, the account of whose souls will be exacted from him.' ' To the bishop, especially, belongs the supreme duty of preserving the faith in his people. Heo does not. presume to teach them any other creed than that which is professed by the Boman Churqh ; and in his.actions and iistructions he conformns h]imself, as much as! possible, to the light that he receives front! that mother of all the .Churches, whose faith has never failed. His voice, if he speaks aright, is not the exponent of the subjective views of an individual, however gifted, but of the doctrines of that society chii 'is spread I throughout th.' vorld; W ohei?e coudeums his condemnatiQn is.the ana sem of tihat teaching b which, fkuthe day of Penticost till A , has been hs larmonious in its condomnnifon of error persistoent in its enunciation of truth. To preach him self would be to preach folly; to teach his own private views would be impertinence; mid those who would' listen to and pin their faith upon him might well be called priest ridden and miserably enslaved. The very reverse of this is his glory as it is his vocation. To sink lself, to grasp in all its fulness the Church's mind, and clearly, fearlessly, and cahlily to expound it to the people, is the object of his life. Thus, in giving ear to him his people are listening to the Church of God, hot to a mere.man ; in following his voice with docility, they are docile, not because i fallible creature is instructing them, but because they believe that they are submitting their reason to the obddience of faith, and are being guided by a power that. cannot, in imatters of dogma and inorality, lead astray. Both the bishop and Ihis people are uider the same authority -if they submit to his teaching,.he equally submits to the sanie teaching; for both must submit to'truth, and truth undeliled and infallible is to be found, they hold with a vital: tenacity, in the living voice of the Catholic Church. " Thus it is that Catholics are amused Sat the efforts of their opponents to dissever them from the Arthbishop and bishops of the hierarchy. Crtholics know, when the bishops meet' and issue a joint instruction, based upon the uiiversal teaching of the Catholic Church, jthat that instruction comes to'them witlian authority which they 'cannot but respect.. Could the world wedge illbetween the hierarchy and.the people, the world would then prove itself, stronger than then Churchi The experiment has repeatedly been marde, especially when the doctrines preached ipromised to entail tem porary suffering and persecution; and the experiment has just as onften failed. The faith lies latent in thle masses of our people throughout the world, and. quick as elec .tricity the voice of the bishop, when he ,speaks in downright earnest finds a response in every.heart. Obedience and submission, on the one hand, imply authority and juris diitioh on the other. The words, ' Take heed to yourselves, and to the whole floclk, Swherein the Holy Ghost has placed you bishops to rule thi Church of God,'-(Acts, xx. 23,)-express t e Episcopal duty and authority. The wvode, .' Obey your pre lates, and be subject to them ; for they watch, as having to give an account of your souls, that they may do this with joy and not with grieving :1 for this is profitable for, you,'-(Heb. xiii. 17,)-express the temper and duty of tile people ; and thus the Church of God, being a Divine institution, the creation of the Holy Ghost, and not the creation of politicans holds her own, consoli dates her strength, expands her power from age toage; being fashioned not merelyforfair weather,, but to outlive any storin which the world is capable of stirring up. "From time to time the bishops, who 'Iwatch,' are in dutf. bound to lay dowei principles and recomnif dations which cross a strong, passing populi urrent. Though they merely address the! own people, tlos' outside are moved by Wleir words, The atieiant effigies which did good servicoe40 or 50 years ago are reclothed, and, set on their legs once more, and the esao cuess .of Christians employ themselves in demonlish nlg them who, in dalys gonerby,hasd found relief iri a sirniliar occupation, Gradually arms tire and energies flag; and, mean while, 'men of goodwill,', having waited for the dust to settle down,'begin to consi der the real question--which had been hidden in a temporary cloud-namely, how cap Catholics give their childreon- a th.rJoughly sound Catholic education, and till not be deprived, because they perform thateolemn duty, of equal assistance with others for secular iultl Thus the publio mind finds itsq ibum, and gradually regaiiiiaits normal to f calmness, fairness, and good feeling. F ding that the bishops, urged by the fear of God before their, eys, have too solemn a duty to perform to lie silenced by clamour, men begin to listfn tn them; iand, finally, to their surprise, nmake the discovery, as was done. after the English ' Papal aggression,' that they would have occupied a somewlat more dignified place in history had they exercised alittle more self restriant. " Catholics, however, have boon trained to make the largrs allowance for others. They know wha oriv associations and ingrained preju c Ils ; and though a little more culture t u d be pleasantor, still they can bear with q animity fierce and coarse vituperation if it be, as it often is, accompanied with sincerity. Some of the moat earnest of our converts were at one time as violent against the Churcri as' tlie niost rabid of antagonists ; arid many Prod testant laymen have been induced to study Catholic theology, and eventually to join t!:. Church,' on account of their curiosity hav ing. been aroused by violent denunciatiofns \- f heriii the pulpit. (!It is the duty 6i Catholics to exercise tlin greatest charity towards, their opprll qt5, ul such ociasions ins lBtig tile training givoei by the Catholic religion has. an opportunity of mnanifestig itself. To argue calmly and without bitteorness, to; roceive reproach with good humour, to lofond and displ?y the trouth wlith' uicoi querable charity, and; to attribute guod', miotives and honest purposes wheriover it is possible-these are some of thei conso-: qluouces following from the charity .of the (-ospel, from that new doetrino of love of which Christ was so iuinitablo all examplo. It is vainl to expect any powebi but Christi anity to teach or enforce such charity its this. It springs front a divino fountain, and is only taught in its thorughnless 'in the Christian schools. The peace which proceeds from torpor is found in tigers and panthers ; it is not Christian peace. )Christian peace is that which maintains Ia alltn in perfect charity whilst in the midst of intellectual conflict; and so possesses him that in all he saySi and dotbs there is a sweetness, which is unlistakable, howevor vigorously h n may wield the sword of truith with its sharp point and glittering edge. " Dearly. beloved, eercisoe yourselves continually in this Christian and masculine charity ; do not dishonour the religion of confessors and martyrs; manifest in your lives and in your relations with your non Catholic neighbours, the spirit of the Catholio Church, in her calm utterance of truth, and her great gentleness todwardn those who differ from her;.and if it be your duty to sity disagreeable things, say thelm as sweetly and kindly as you canl. '" t is in this spirit that we ever hope to abt. We insist on' COtholics giving. their children, a thorough Catholic. education, because it is our bounden duty to do so. WV n..n:,, .na 0h,. dnrne' to Catholics of Public schools, because ro should be pre varicating against our solemn obligations, were we ar.y longer to hold our peace. Here, possibly, we may give pain to some ; but it is the pain inflicted by the good physician, whoso one desire is to heal the wound. Regarding the effects of Public schools on Protestant children, it was not our place to speak'; indeed, had it been our.. place to do'so, it would have been super fluous, after the trenchant fashion in which. Dr. Moorhouse, the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, lhad already spoken. His language is minry degress stronger regard ing Protessant children going to Public schools in Victoria, than the Catholic ]3ishop's regarding Catholic children going to Public schools in Nerw South Wales. And both he and they, as all must ,well know, wvere animated, in so speakinig, by an. earnest desire to serve the community at large. To repay such disinterested kind iess by cries of 'libel' on Protestant children seems as disingenuous as it is unmanly. Men with a spark of honest feeling woiuld thanik the bishops for having been at so much pains to speak out on a matter of suich vital national importance. " Having, in the joint Pastoral Letter, given you the reasons why secularist oduca tion is productive of national decay, we shall now proceed to show. you by an example in the concrete, that the universal teaching of the Church is borne out by ihard facts and figures. You will then see clearer than over that the Bishops were sceking your dearest interests in speaking as they did of Catholic chl dren. "It seems to l gerally admitted at the presenhday tha ignerance and crime go hand inihind'; ai tht one of the most effectýal ways. of ma ng a people moral, anld aotdvancing thornUl life, is to let their have'th's benefit'of tihe oolmaster. There is no doubt that one of he -greatest bless ings which could be bestowed on lmanu beings is-to inform them with useful know ledge; and no greater'miisery well could be imagined than to neglect a nation's educa tion. There is, however, oniigreater curse in the world than ignorance, and that is instruction apart from, religious and moral training.' To instruct the nmsses in reading, writing, and arithmetic, and .to leave out religion and morality, is to arm them with iistruments for committing crime. An ignorant criminal is bad enough ; but he is harmless compared with an educated crinii nal. A great deal has been said in the colony about the crime that proceeds from want of schools ; very little about the still greater amount of crime which is produced by training the intellectual faculties whilst the will and the animal passions are per mitted to run wild. " We have seen- how. Great Britain has had the wisdom to encourage various Christian Churches,to educate the young in the faith of theii'fathers. Let us now turn to another great ou r which has made the experilen f i ools. We refer to Ameribss, is?tyrill be all the more inteoosting, ee'ns our Public echoelsliti Now Sout Wales are formed inmu? a thoe'~le\\.sm model ; one of the ndi l e bine' ltg' tinthe Ameoricansystemn the 'chools are absolutely secularist, whilst hleros an hour is granted for religious instruction. So far .as, Catholics are con cerned our Public' schools are secularist schools ;. the archbishop anid bishops of this .province haviing too great a respect, for their clergy, and too deep a reverence for the Catholic faith, to encourage any priest under their jurisdieticn to swell the discord 'of'opposing ministers teaching the jarring doctrnes of contradictory sects. " Comparative ignorance is a'misfortuno, dnd leads to crime ; but instruction, with out a thorough religious-and moial educa tion, is a calanity;' and tends directly to; produce criminals of the worst description, Take the six New' England States, on the one hand; namely, Mlass'achusetts, Mainie, New Hampshire, Vermont, Connecticut,' and Rhode Island ; and on the otlier, take the six States oif Virginia, ' arylnd, Dolaware,' Ceo:rglt Nortll Carolina, and South Carolina. T'he inhabitants of these States.camo from the c:uno :iEnglish race, hold the same r.tcstq t loligion (except the little Stlto d aryli?l), used the same Protestant iblo e same hclainguage, and.lhad, in'e i f, t same mianmers and customs, I .. ' '', theeo, we 'have twelve States sdis tegothep h! the race of. progress an. eivililtio'' They seem to agree' in eve ything except ohe thiing; and that one thing; is their' system of education. . The six now England. States, over two hundred years ago, 'followiing the lIbed of Massa chusetts introduced theo.systeom of. Public Schools;' ' In New Englaied,' says Kent, 'it lias been a steady and' governing 'prn ciple fronm. the_ very foimdatioi of 'the colonies, that it was' tlinrglhit and' dity 'of thie Government to 'prioide, by inmans of fair and:just taxation,'for the instrumtioi' of all.the youth inm the elonemnts of learning.' ',The common schools .of, Massa'ichusetts,' says Lippincott, ' ha?v been kiept up to this duy. by, direct tax and: individual sibscripl tion,. and nowhero'.in a population of cjnlnl exteiit has i, cdmmon elelmentary, education been more universally diflifused "Now, whilstthe six NowEiiglandStatcs wore making an expeirsiinit" of thle .blic school systom, the : six other States reTYused periistontly todo so. . Whilst the first six iwere highly instrncted in secular knowledge, iaccording tothe' Public .sh ol .system, the becind iix wero loss favoured in this respect, :abetiiig 'a?ithey did the system of Public schools "For clearness sake leot.'s call the six Now Engiind States the. uiblie school, States; and the other six the Private school IMtu , In the year 1800, the United 0t3t4 decennial census ,was .taken. The lPnblie Ahllol Stae i aniid the privato school States had beionifollowinig eaclits own system of education fortwo hlundelid years. WhVlat light does the ceitsus th.own pon the Public school States, as compared with the private school Sthtes 1 It shows, first, that the Public school States weroe far in advantco in secular instrucltion of the. privato school Stites. Tlie former inumbered 2,665,9.15 native-born whiteo inlihbitants: of these ouly 8543 'adults could ieither read nor write .Th Ie latter nLumbered 3,151,900 native-born whites, of whom 202,802 adults' could neither road nor write. So that while ini tho Public' school -States the prbportionl of illiterate native whites was one to every three. hundred and Lwdlvo,. in the private slchool Stiates it was oneo to.overy. twelve. Ilere you will 'porceive at once the triumph of knowdilgcde over ignorance, and the light that the Public school system brings to the 'intelligenc. It wouhl iatiirally bio thought that the private school States were plunged in darkness aind deday as compared'i with their more onlightelled sisters, thie Public school States. " aut turn to statistics of another.? ind. Ons the first of June;, 1800,. the Public school' States, with a nativeo w?ite population of 2,665,945,' had 2450 criiiinals in prison ; while the private school States, with a native wliito population of' 3,181,00069 had only 471 criminals in prison. T'hus the Public school" States had one native-born white criminal to every 1084 native white inhabitants, whilst the private school States had one to every .6670, being six criminals in the Public. school States 'to one in the private school States. The Public school States hid one suicideo to overy 13,285 of the? entire population ; the private school States one to. every 56,584. Of those who died of criminal lust the Public school States had orine to every 85,737, the prtvato school States one toevery 128,729. Accord ing to 'the' Census Marahal of 1870 the Public school States produced one ins/ne person to every 800 native-born inlhabitants, whilst the private School States one to cerv 1082. • " It is a remarkable fact that Massachu setts, which is the mother of the Public sdhool system in the States, oflers a striking example of the truth of our thesis. Whilst that State was the mosa successful of all in educating the masses, it, at the very same time, produced by far the largest proportion of criminals-one to every 640 native white inhabitants. Take all the States together and not one amongst them approached Massachusetts as a breeder of a criminal chlas. Since 1860 California has surpassed lIassaclhusetts in this respect, having in 1870 one criminal to every 512, native-born whites. " Reviewing the system of Public schools, which have proved themselves seed- plots of so many sorrows and nmisfortunes and of so much crime; a leading American journal, the Alto, declares that if we are to 'judge this system by its apparent fruits we shall have to pronounce it not only a melancholy, but h most disastrous failure, and that it will be idle to loikn foir the cause of the general rowdyism, idleness, and viciousness of the risicig gefieration anywhere but in the training it has been receiving.' The Boston correspondent of the San Francisco ilorni7ng Call writes (Nov. 15, 1877) to this effect : ' The rapid progress of knowledge peculiar to the educational system of this State has led to the ercctiQn of two more State prisons, one of whi ;. owomen, was suc cessfully opened a?e -d ago, the number of wicked femalewvl ocked for admis sion being forty-four. ?Psent indications point' towards the ra?lling up of: this new institution,.in a "eow months.' The report of the Califoria. State prison and State prisoners for the two years ending June 30, 1877, states tha t' in fact among the younger convicts they can all read and writo. "Dr. Moorhouse know what lie was talk ing about when he said, to the people of Victoria, that without a religious education religion will arrow down into a: weak supo?eratition, an mordility into a mere cal culation of , es. Your boys will sink into nl're t s, admiring vice for its courage or it elartness. They will become ndotgood, iso, self-denying men, but larrikins, or syt pathiiers with ruffians like the Kellys. Choose, my friends, which will you have,-a religious or secular education; You cannot have both. If you bring up your children without the moral and religious element in their character, you cannot add it afterwards. It is a whole without that element, and you can no inore afterwards change it than you can add some acloured thread that has been left out in the\wea inr of a line Indian fabric, without pi~lin t'?brie to pieces. You may choose".yur u e but you calm not choose .tlnconssque eof that course. If you sow secularism you ill reap irre verence and immorality; if on sow folly, you will reap misery.. "Dearly beloved, 'whether- the great apostasy will have its way or no'in this :colony remains to be seen. One thing, any:how, is certain; that :the Archbishop; and Bishops exercising jurisdiction in New Soutlh Wales will resist it to the last, and, with' all their:might. And whether they: succeed or fail in their endeavour.to avert a great national calamity,.they will be con scions that, hdedless of clanmour, they epoke boldly, out, and warned their people with the vigour: of. an unmistakable sincerity, against a stentm Which is 'calculated ,to dechristianiso' society, .and to rob a great nation of the highest elements of manhood. History will record, for. the 'istruotion of future gehnertions,' that" the'fArchbishop and Bishops in this colony, followipg, the guidance 'of the tniiveral' Church, 'were true 'to their'great trust ;arid embiodying, in a formal docunment,, the true priiiciple of national prosperity, condemned with emphatic anathema, prisiciples of naitional corruption. It thesu our days!'wo, are creating the hii o?y 'f the future. Oni those who 'rul i')~r eexrcise' moral influence, depeit fitttre prosperity arid greatness of tla n-. Wis'mean'to do our hnnible par', acti~ on piinciple, and acting with :vigodr. r people, if we can prevent it, shall''not b carriedoff by the current. It all the more bohoaes Catholics to. fortify thidmselves in 'CChlistiality,: in proportion as the world is gria?ially`rojoct" ing it; and, whilst others 'are hurried away by the gulf-stream of infidelity, we' slihll stand firm on the adamantine rock of the CatholicFaith:. : ..'., " :'.. ,, " At all hazards,' then, dearest people, bring up your children thjirmugh aitholice. Steep'thom during chlildlmod "'a/' yobth'if possible,'doeIrinthe Catholic faith. 'Make them conscious of the burden" they will have to boear; and teach them to feel pride i' the thought-tlhat thley are destined to do their:parftin' keeping alive that glorious religion 'i'hich drew Europeoout of barbari ism and darkness into light, and which, if God -so please, will yet help to render this Australia of'ours one of the greatest nations of the earth:"' "',IDearly :beloved':' 'Rememtber your prelates who have spokes the word:of God to you ;-whose faith follow.'-(Heb. xiii, 7.) Be sober and watch ;' because "your" hdv?.r sory'the devil, as a' roaring lion, goeth about seeking whom lie may devour; whom resist yo strong in faith '--(1 Peter, yv8-9.) ' And may the Lord make you abound'Ifli fharity tb?Wi Sdi?I9 unotliur asnd tolYwrds all men, as we do also towards you ,to confirm your hearts - withoult blamie, in holineus, before God- and our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saintu. Ameon.'--( Thes. iii. 12-1.) ' Giveh 'ut Sýdnoy, and aplsiintdd, to-be reid 1in lL.tlI:eihlnurcil iud chiapels.,,olhot, arclhdioceseo.uf Sydney, on Sunday, Sep tuliber 7,: 1879. ' .i3 Sy d Itc:l E i n.EDE,. Arelsbisshbp of Sydney and M\etropolitan." 