(jMomal §JtfW]S. Paiui.oi.vtta ia the place to live well and cheaply. So pluntiful is moat there, says a correspondent, that one butcher sont the bell man through the streets announcing his deter mination to give moat away, ami if people are too lazy to ietcli it, lie will semi n Uoy to carry it home for them. All they hayo to do is to come and choose the choicest joints. At present there aro thirty-six licensed taverns in Orange. If the Land Bill, over which so much mid night oil, or gas, is now being consumed by the ' collective wisdom,' becomes law, it will not be either respectable or profitable to be a free selector, as the conditions under -which the selector will be allowed to grow wheat, to sell for three shillings a bushel, and straw for six pence a cwt., resembles the old penal days of Governor Macquario, when the liberated exile was giveli a farm, but with strict orders that he mustn't leave it without permission, under a penalty of being spread-eagled and flaggellated. Under this bill, the selector is confined to his land for five years, and must improve it to the extent of 10s per acre — tillage excepted — and more, if he is sold off, his successor has to do the original holder's time, which will reduco the value of the land as an asset to almost nil. Free-selection is rapidly becoming a political Frankenstein, a monster that will polish off its creator — Sir John, who soeins anxious to so [Condition the poor-jeocky as to. extinguish him, and once more lea've the bloated squatter and mroud pastoralisfc-^as stump orators say — inonarchs of all they survey. Oh, for Julius rVogel's ' sensible land policy,' with cultivation [the only condition. That's my ticket. — Amos How to Get On. — Storekeepers and others vho wish to do bnsinoss, and stand well with he banks, should read and digest tho following, -y Ajros ICeetuu, of the Mwlgee Indej^enleit : '. notice that our enterprising storekeepe -s do lot go in for advertising with that liberality so iliaracteristic of tho thorough business man. I Slink it was Mr. Barnum who said that adyer ising is to business what a railway is to a clis rict rich in resources— it developes it; and pnio equally high authority said that advertis es is like a cheap loaf — it is profitable to the lllor and the buyor . I met a New England lorkeeper a few weeks ago in the metropolis, and liding that I was an offside newspaper follow, L told me, sort of confidentially, as we were ?miring the beauties of nature and art in the Ivor Botanic Gardens, on Sunday morning, ?at times wera hard his way, and that he had ?en forced to visit Sydney to ' make things Rht.' He went with his largest creditor — a ?t goods man, who is a prince amongst his ?lows — to the chief manager of the bank he Hrlor^ tvifil tf\ wlinm Ilia nnaif.Tnn wn.ct rovojllorT Hu from who-n an extension of accommoda |Ha was asked, and, said my Now England |Hnd, ' Do you know, Amos, the first question ?? manager asked me was, ' Bo yon advertise ^B:ly, sir V i said.no, 1 did not. ' Then, sir,' ^Hl he, ' I am afraid I cannot aid you, as 'yon ??not a thorough business man.' ' The moral ^Hpparent to tho meanest understanding ?Bite Gazette notifies that Mr. Arthur Todd ^Hroyd has resumed the office of Master in ^Kity. ? : ^H Worthy Magistrate. — iEgles, in the ^HtrafosiVin, says : — At a race meeting hold in ^Hwnship on the back blocks, the local police ^Histratc had a horse entered in a friend's |Hc for the chief event. On the morning of ^^?raccs, an accident happened to the lad who BH to ride Magenta. There was great con ^Hiation at this iinlooked for disaster, as there HHno substitute to be found. At length a ^Hting- constable, who himself had some ^H|ey on the event, suggested that there was a ^^B't young follow in the lock-up, on a charge HHorse-stealing, who had ridden sevenvTraces. ^Hb some hesitation, the prisoner was in ^^Bed that he would be allowed to see the P^H on condition of his riding the favourite HHie Maiden Plate. Tho condition was gloo B^H accepted. Magenta maintained a clear H^Hto the back of the course, when he sud ?BM' bolted, and his accomplished ridor was BBBe to pull him up till he was ten miles clear B^Ble township. He has not yet returned. BHB\sii;lk. — The Fortnightly Review has an BBHu'ticlc on ' Water as a JJovera«e ?/' where BBjHa country contemporary says, ' The idea BBBjrs to be feasible.' BB])posed New Australian Eleven. — It BBJrs that Mr. Driver has not yet succeeded BJBiipleting his arrangements for tho new HHof Australian! cricketers. The coopera BB|if Murdoch, Garrett, Horan, Blackham, B^H Alexander, and tho brothers Bannerman BH'ocn secured, but Spofl'orth declines to go, Hjicre is no likelihood whatever of his in Bfli being changed. There is no probability BBj of - Evans going, though he cannot at |^K be said to have definitely refused to go. BH', Powell, Massie. and Bavlev — the latter BBjent of one of the Southern districts — BJBikcn of, and there appears to be no great ^Bfty in the way of Mr. Driver eventually Bflftin£ in his spirited undertaking. HH WUcanuia Times states that a man BBJ Perkins, who has for somo timo past BBMiockitiL, about the district, has received HHJince that he has been left a fortune ng to some £30,000. . vifo of the TichVmrno claimant .has been , and costs, by the Southampton Bench, noting to sont her daughter, nine years jto school. ? :..'..-?., George Fife Angus has died at last. At ? he was one of tho few men who have HBBBpir nun obituary notices in the Times, BBBJB he has been frequently 'imported to BBBBJn on the verge of the grave. But in BBJHfltho newspaper correspondents, ho lived. BJBBB enjoyment nf his faculties to the BBBBft age of ninety-two, witnossing with BBBHe i)rogrc-s of -ho South Australian HBBHliicli ho did so much to found. .': BJHBj action Pago v Buchannan, for' breach BBBBncnt to buy and tako delivery of IHHBjcep, a vordict wus given for the plain ?^Hl20G. ?BBBJif.^ra'avmii, writing of tho totalisatbr, BBBJM^ttcv twenty of such fair machines than HBHhk) scoundrels such as we find amongst BBBBjHg fraternity. HBM.iva bcotia tlouse or Assembly voted a ^HBBJre 10th instant, abolishing the Logisla BJBjHBuil. Two daya later, the Legislative BHHBj)bjectiug to extinction, rejected the BBBBflaud the result will probably bo an BBJBJH ' to England. ? BBBJkBWuI meeting of squatters was hold at |MbH3H, for tho purpose of establishing a BB^BeBvii and meat preserving company. ?BBBMr. George Grimm, M.A., of Young, BBBHwoini'iated by tho Presbytery of Syd BBHBHjHrabv tho Prcsbytory of tho Hawkes HBHBhB n* a''' ln'°P°r PorSf'' to be Modc i8lllllliii-- nfi.vt, General Aosombly. 'The IJUAXD Old Name of Gisxtlkhan.' — At tho Melbourne City Police Court, on Tuesday, during the hearing of tho case against the men Thompson, Foloy, Maeo, and Hiukon, a witness, onu Perry, a 'shingle-hammerman,' who trained Hickon for tho recent fight, re marked in his evidence that tho occupants of the railway carriage on tho way to Echuca wore ' Hicken, Bitten, himself, and two oWiergontle men.' It is rather hard to forgot the Laureate's lines : — . ' . . '.;: ': '. . .'?-, '', . ? .'??. The grand old name of gentleman, Defamed by every charlatan, ? . '.?-''?: And soil'd with all ignoble use. - . Most impartial people would keep an oyo on - their watch-puckets if they met tho ' two oth'er gentlemen.' ?? .; ?_. .'?.;.????, .:-;;; :.?? '?;..'??:.?'.?';.: ??;?;'.- A Chinaman had a lettbr given to him in mis take at the Brisbane post-office, and on opening it ho found a cheque inside,, which lie at. once, cashed at tho bank, and left by^the steamer eii; route for Hongkong. He wasj; however j cap tured at Rockhanipton , while : waiting for the mail steamer, sent ' back to Brisbane, \yas brought before the police* cburtj '. and lias been remanded. . : .? :! By the Suez mail the news conies that there is a rumour of ,the-iipproachinginarriage Of ; the Princess Beatrice and the Duke: or Aqsta. 'The Hon. William Fokster,.— The siibjoct of this week's sketch in ilM}' .Neiirfdiwi Telajranh is tho Agent-General in England for this colony, formerly a resident of Newtown. He was born in Madras in 1S18, and when only eleven years old was brought to this colony by his parents. His education was completed with the late Mr. T. W. Cape,, who has educated many of our loading public men. When but a youth, Mr. Forster engaged in squatting pursuits, and was a devotee of the muse. Whon Sir John 'Robert son was appealing to 'the .'Government, for the squatters, as far back as 1840, as a delegate, Mr. Forster wrote a satirical poem called 'The Devil and tho Governor,' which was published in the A Has newspaper, and evinced : consider able merit. I' The Genius and the Ghost' was also a satiriejfl dialogue between the Genius of Sydney andtlie Ghost of transportation. . Dur ing the Crimean war he wrote a lengthy poem depicting national grandeur and decay. Since his sojourn in England he has published several pieces which have won golden opinions from the English press. Shortly after the establish ment of Responsible Government; he. entered the Legislative Assembly, and soon became a leader in Parliamentary politics. At different times, he represented lEast Sydney, So. Leonards, the Hastings, Qjueanbeyan, Illawarra, and the Murnimbidgee. He was a caustic speaker, and, like his writings, full .'of .satire'. When the Education question was debated by the Oowper Administration, he denounced.- the denominational scheme of Mr. Cowper, and, defeating the Government, he was entrusted: with forming a Ministry. Messrs. Black, Saul Samuel, G. Eagar, E. Wise, and J. F. Hargraye were his colleagues, but his Ministry retired in March, 1800, being defeated on the Upper House Electoral Bill. In 1872, when the Martin Ministry were defeated on the Border Duties question, he was again asked to form an Administration, but declined. However, he was Colonial Secretary in Mr. Martin's Ministry, and Secretary for Lands in Sir John Robertson's second Ministry. In March, 1875, he was elected Treasurer of Sir John Robertson's Ministry, and subsequently accepted the office of Agent- General on the decease of Sir Charles Cowper. 