PRINCIPLES OF SOCIOLOGY. Pakt II. [Bt Stcbent.1 In investigating primitive ideas as helping to lear the way for the history of the growth of ocieties, Mr. Herbert Spencer's first principle s that tbev are rational under the conditions in which they occur. The laws of thought are everywhere the same. In the beginning of all the sciences [mistakes were made because things were classed by their most striking qualities, the qualities that show real relationship being often less obvious. This is exactly the mistake that the Fijians made about the musket barrel ; and it is at the root of hundreds of misconceptions that might be quoted as enter tained by various uncivilized tribes. Another cause of mistaken ideas is that the savage cannot analyze enough to distinguish between the different properties of things, anji even if he had unconsciously distinguished in the [case of very simple familiar objects, he has no abstract terms in his vocabulary by which to speak of qualities by name. Thus, the souad-mnUiplying power of a sea-jhell is conceived of as belonging to the whole shell taken together, for he cannot separate out in thought its internal smoothness and certain peculiarities of shape as causative qualities. Some beliefs, everywhere conspicuous among the uncivilized, show this prevailing and neces sary ides, that the qualities of a thing inhere through the whole of it. ' For example, the powers of a conquered antagonist are supposed to be gained by devouring him ; the Dakotah eats the heart of a slain foe to increase his own courage ; the New Zealander swallows his dead enemj's eyes that he may see the further ; the Abipone consumes tiger s flesh, thinking so to gain a tigers strength and valour.' Mediaeval medical science, too, bore many traces of this mode of thought. When the true causes of things are unguessed there appears to be a ten dency in the human mind to suggest some ante cedent which might serve as a cause, and then to rest satisfied. In cultivated society, perhaps, some unfamiliar fact is exciting a little curiosity, when some one suggests, ' It is caused by elec tricity,' and curiosity subsides. Thus, if Siberian tribes, finding mammoths em bedded in ice, and the bones of mammoths in the ground, ascribe earth quakes to the burrowing of these cage beasts ; or if savages living sear volcanoes think of them as fires lighted by some of their ancestors to cook by, they do but illustrate in a more marked way the common readiness to imagine a reason when the real one is unknown. Proba bly most people hold some beliefs that are incon sistent with each other, because the comparing of them implies deliberate thought. Even an intellectual man may have allowed some of his beliefs to escape comparison with the rest, and the mind of an uncultivated man is full of incon sistencies. Hence it is no wonder that the ideas of the savage, even if each taken separately can be accounted for, are as a whole confused and incongruous. His thoughts are unaaalyzed and inconsistent, but natural. Take, for it stance, the notions of sange tribes everywhere aboat the duality of things and transmutations and transformations. These seem to belong to the earliest strata ef human thought. To us they appear at first sight to be the most gratuitous guesswork. Bat bow eke could primitive man interpret the phenomena that confronted him ? A cloud dis appears before his eyes. He knows nothing of the dissolution of vapour, and there is nobody to say to him, ' It is only a cloud.' The stars appear atd disappear ; he does not know that they are shining all the time, and of all the lights of heaveo and all its wondrous sights be cannot tell whence they come, cor whither they go. The su.-face of the earth, too, shows instance* of the disuppearance of things which have unaccountably appeared. Kain comes he knows not how, 1 he pools it makes are quickly goce.and he kuowi nothing of evaporation. Air b cot thought of by him as material, the wind leems to him a strong invisibie creature, bend ing the trees and driving the water, and pashing jgainst bis body with incomprehensible force rhat things can be either visible or invisible is the inevitable primitive inference, and he has plenty of evidence that they chmge their sub stance and form. Who would think that this nut, with its hard brewn shell and white kerne', could stnd forth a soft scoot led green leaves? There is no one to seem to explain by saying 'It grows' Transfor mation is the only possible explanation ; the bare fact is that a thing having one size, shape, and colour becomes a thing having an utterly different size, shape, and colour. A similar transformation ii seen in the production of chicks from eggs. W jat wonder that he should be ready to believe that barnacle geese arise from barnacles '; This, however, must not be classed only among early superstitious, but among English beliefo of comparatively modern times. In the early transactions of the Royal Society, founded in the reign of Charles II., there is a paper describing a barnacle as show ing faint traces of the young bird it is about to produce. A modern writer describes with amaxement the credulity of some Egyptian peasants, who thought that some missing villagers had been turned into stone. When we learn that in their neighbourhood exists that extraordinary thing, a silicified forest— stumps and prone trees, still bearing the - marks of grain, but all hard and heavy as flint — we cease to wonder at their credulity. If trees can be turned into stone, why not men? To the un scientific one event looks just as likely as the other. In tropical countries there are insects found almost exactly like objects which sur round them — a butterfly indistinguishable from the dead leaves it settles amongst, a beetle like a seed, a scorpion like a piece of bark, and so forth. If the savage does think that these are made of the objects they resemble— that the leaf is turned into a butterfly, and that the butterfly can turn back into a leaf, it is not more marvellous than the change from caterpillar to chrysalis, and from chrysalis to butterfly. The idea of duality in primitive man is probably partly owing to the conception of a shadow as a separate being— a very natural conception in the utter absence of the idea that light moves in straight lines. Reflections in the water, too, are very real to him, and suggest a confused idea that each man has a duplicate. Some tribes have thought that man had two spirits — a bright one, the reflection in the water, and a dark one, his shadow. The fact that they are sometimes visible and some times invisible seems quite natural to him. The dreams of primitive men are likely to impress them very strongly. Hunger and repletion are both common states with them, and both these states produce vivid dreams. The dreamer does not doubt the reality of the events he has lived through ; and even if he suspects some difference between his actual life and that lived in bis dreams his language cannot express it. He must say ' I saw,' not ' I dreamed that I saw f and thus, as he tells the story of his nightmare in broken language helped out by gestures, he increases in the ethers the belief that their dreams are real. He finds out that he has not been away in body from the place where he slept. He believes, then, that he too has a double existence, like many other things. Does not his shadow become invisible at night? Clearly, then, the shadow is the other self which in the night wanders away and has adventures. Swoon, catalepsy, and other forms of insensibi lity all probably aid the same idea, while they also help to produce a difficulty in distinguish ing real death. Of some tribes we are told that they do not give up the hope of life returning until putrefaction actually sets in. They think the spirit has gone away for a little and will return. If one about to be buried suddenly revives, this is only a proof that the insensibility of death is tempo rary, like the insenaibilies of sleep and swoon. Concerning the Tasmanians, Bonwick writes:— 'When I asked Mungo the reason of the spear being stuck in the tomb, he replied, * To fight with when he is asleep.' ' In many places they talk to the corpse, or address the surrounding dead and bespeak a good reception for the new comer. The custom of providing food for the dead is very widely spread, and this probably results from the idea that death is merely a suspended animation. Occasionally in trance the insensible man swallows morsels put into his mouth, and so the Papuans for a few days after Ufa is gone 'fill the dead man's mouth with eatables and arrack until they run down upon the body and spread over the floor.' If a Tahiti chief died, a priest was appointed to take care of the corpse, and offer it food several times a day. Some tribes place wine or viands near the bier, and many other tribes offer food to the body before burial, but still more numerous are those who place food by the grave. In America this practice was more elaborated, perhaps, than anywhere else. The Chibchas now extinct, used to save their dead in artificial caves and place round them mtny maize cakes and beverages ; the Peruvians had two rows of potj with considerable variety of food ; whenever the Innuits returned to the grave of their kindred they put fresh food; the Dakotahs made a feast for a year for the benefit of the departed; the Mexicans and Peruvians nsed to open the t«mbs and renew the clothes and food which were there. But in other parts of the world the same customs have prevailed. The Tahitians and Sandwich Islanders expose their dead on stages (to protect them from wild beasts) and place fruit and water by them the New Zealanders in like manner provide food, and ' aver that at night the spirit comes and feeds from the sacred calabashes.' Of many tribes, too, in Asia and Africa similar practices are reported. The Brazilians, the Iroqnois, and the Western Australians will all light fires by the grave, either to warm the spirit or to enable it to cook its food; and of another tribe we are told that they some times covered the face with a consave dish, that the foul might not be stifled. It is an Esquimaux belief that any weight pressing upon the corpse would give pain to the deceased. The attempt to preserve the dead body from wild beasts, or from putrefaction— a very widespread practice— probably arises also from the same desire to keep the body jafe till the return of the spirit. Some dark-skinned tribes who are familiar with superior races - think that these are the spirits of their dead come to life again, perhaps because a dead black man looks white if his skin is taken off. One Australian black, a condemned criminal, said he should jump-up a white fellow and have plenty of sixpences. Another thought he recognised in a white man with a bent arm a friend of bis lately dead, who had also a bent arm, ' Oh, my Bulludee,' he exclaimed, 'jou jump-up white fellow!' Another, a bereaved mother, thought Sir George Grey was her son. In other parts of the world Europeans have been called * ghosts,' « the ghost tribe,' spirit-men,' and in several places the same word means ghost and white man. In many tribes, especially the least advanced, the belief in the reality of dreams seems mingled with the ideas of another life. Du Chaillu speafcs of some negroes who were terrified if one spoke to them of a lately deceased father or brother; but they were not touched by the mention of their great- grandfather; they said he was ' quite gone.' In some cases it appears that they think their friend is alive as long as he can visit them in dreams. As the power of thought increases, however, the idea of duration in the other life strengthens, and the imagina tion becomes more vivid in respect to it The 'happy hunting-ground' of the Indians is a type of all such imaginings. The food of their former life, only more plentiful ; the occupations of their former lite, only more successful, make up their ideal. How strong this conception comes to be may be seen from its practical effects. If the dead savage is to hunt and fight he will need his weapons, and hence the almost universal custom of burying them with him, or laying them by the corpse if it is exposed. In a like spirit clothes and other valuables are often buried. The Pataeonians placefresh clothes every year among the skeletons, and many of the more advanced tribes have buried gold and precious stones with their dead. This provision for the dead is sometimes carried so far as to entail great evil upon the living, as on the Gold Coast, where a funeral is said to be absolute ruin to a poor family. Some times among pastoral people a man's sheep or camels or favourite horses will be slain and buried with him for his n=e, and agricultural people will bury bags of seed wiih the dead, '* tl at he may hive wherewithal to sow the £tlcs in the otter world.' The immolations o: wives, s!ave?, and friecdi, which prevail among mere advanced people, attest the development of the ideaa of another life. It is uo* among the naistrable Fuegian?. Australian?, and Anda macese that these practices exist; they are bLcni to us by the New Caledonians and Fijian n Pcivnesia, by the Caribs and Dakotahs in America, by the Congo people and coast and inland negroes in Africa, and most strikingly of all by the people of Dahomey. Ths faith of these p«op!e is k- strong that often the victims we aciioas for death , immediately a king dies his wivea begin to murder one another. On oce occasion 265 were thus killed before the sew king could stop the massacre. In ancient Peru acd Mexico the number of victims when a great man died was even larger. Some of his slaves were killed beforehand, and sent on to prepare his house for him. Among the Dahomans slaves are killed whenever anjthing important happens for years after the death cf the king, because his son and successor wishen to send the news to his father ; acd sotce tribes in Africa will leud each other money, to be repaid with heavy interest in the other life. It would be interesting, but it would take too long, to follow Mr. Spencer tnrough his investigation of all the primitive beliefs con cerning another life and another world, espe cially as his interpretation differs in many respects from the prevailing theories, to that it would be hardly fair to state his views without considerable quotations from the mass of evi dence with which he supports them. These remarks apply especially to what he says of animal-worship, ancestor-worship, idol-worship, and fetish-worship. Looked at with his eyes these no longer seem gratuitous ab surdities, but natural if not unavoidable deviations from the path of progress. These ideas are not found, a* civilized people are apt to suppose, among the lowest savages. Fetish- worship belongs to a comparatively ad vanced, we may say semi-civilised, stage. The most intelligent of the African negroes are fetiabistic, and the belief of so many of the finest Greeks in Homeric days that they had gods for their ancestors probably means that they had made their most heroic ancestors into gods. Minos, Judge in Hades, had been King in Crete, they said, and [probably he had. The lowest people are incapable of conceiving the idea of worship. As the thinking power in creases, and adapts itself more and more to the realities of the universe in which it dwells, the idea geta more distinct and then more spiritual i and the reverence which was first excited by the valorous deeds of men is in later ages drawn out chiefly to the invisible strength and wisdom that underlies all visible things. Religious feeling by turns tries to penetrate this inscrutable mystery, and bows before it in deep humility ; but this age knows better than any that has gone before, with how wonderful a secret it wrestles— before how profound a mystery it bows. Let no one, then, dread the progress of knowledge, nor 'evince that pro foundest of all infidelities, the fear lest the truth be bad,' for our age is finding true what Herbert Spencer says in the same passage as that from which we have just quoted. 'Little as it seems to do so, fearless enquiry tends con tinually to give a firmer basis to all true religion. . . . The explanation of that which is explicable does but bring out into greater clearness the inexplicableness of that which re mains behind. . . . The sincere man of science feels with a vividness which no others can the utter incompcehensibleness of the simplest fact considered in itself. He knows that under all things there lies an impenetrable mystery.' I have long regarded Herbert Spencer as a man of an eminently religious mind. He has, on the one hand, the strong sense of duty and of the claims of humanity which ought to murk the religious man and define his earthly track; and, on the other hand.the devotion to truth and the unspeakable reverence for its author which show the skyward outlook of his mind. It was in this spirit that he declared his belief that the 'ultimate power is no more representable in terms of human consciousness than human con iciousness is representable in terms of a plant's functions.' But whether coinciding in his views or not, the thoughtful reader will pro bably rise from a study of his works with a feeling of deep obligation to one who has done so much to enlarge his field of vision. 