amusements. THEATRE ROYAL. " Queen Elizabeth " was repeated at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. Miss Dargon plays the heroine with a power nnd realism almost unsur passable. That lady has never yet placed before her audience so marked a revcalmont of that genius which, although evident in all the characters hllU IUIS j|!b Sl) jHIlllCll 111 lUUtiu.l blllh hU piC- aniiiiently grand and imposing one, as to give her a lowering superiority ns an actress. Tlie drama went splendidly ; and the efforts of Mr. Douglas as Essex, Mr. Jones as Bacon, Mr. Sea- grave as Burleigh, and in a necessarily more limited degree of all engaged in the representa tion, met with frequent and demonstrative marks of approval. " Queen Elizabeth " will he again perforaned to-night. VICTORIA THEATRE. A very successful performance of " Uncle Tom's Cabin " took place on .Saturday afternoon, nnd in the evening that drama was again performed, and for tlie last time, with its customary effect. To-uight Mr. F. E. Ifiscoeks' benefit takes place, and liis very popular company of Mammoth Min strels make, unfortunately, their bust appearance in Sydney. To-morrow night Mr. Darretl eommoiicas his dramatic season. The plays chosen to open it are the charming little comedy ''Alone." and the sensational drama, the " Deerslayer." Among the more prominent of the members of Air. Darrell's company are Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner (the young lady who nfiide so line an impression when sup porting Mr. llignold), nnd Miss Annie Mayor, QUEEN'S THEATRE. In order that the pleasing recollections associ ated with Messrs. Hiseoeks and Hayman's Mam moth Minstrels might be still further strengthened, the last night of their appearance at the Queen's Theatre on Saturday was signalised by perform ances of particularly striking features. Never were new scenes, in which tlie full nnd great strength of comedians was exercised, anil new items, show ing Hie valuable troupe of vocalists to the best advantage, more perfectly portrayed. The en tertainment was in every way completely suc cessful and enjoyable, and tended to make tlie regret which will lie generally felt that the company is going away all the more marked. During the evening Mr. Kennedy eaino before tlie curlniii, and while thanking the public, on behalf of Messrs, Hiseoeks anil Hayman, for their support, took occasion to remind them of Mr. Hiseoeks' benefit, to take place at the Victoria Theatre to-night, and to hold out the prospect, of a return of the Mammoth Minstrels during the Exhibition season. To-night Messrs. Baker and Farron, assisted by a strong company, re-appear in their very popular drama,;'- Conrad and Lizcttc." ScnOOT, OF ARTS. Messrs. Kelly and Leon presented a perfectly new bill on Saturday night. The curtain rose on a three-act comody, " Babv," adapted from the French, and embracing soma of the funniest situations it would bo possible to conceive. The action of tlie piece turns on the mistakes of a fond mid foolish mother, who, thinking her soil — a gentleman who lias quite arrived at man's estate — a perfect pattern of propriety, insists upon calling him " Baby," and always treats liim as if lie were one. It abounds, as 1ms been said, in most ludicrous incidents, and the dialogue is witty, sparkling, nnd rapid. Mr. Leon appeared as the Baliy, and the remaining characters were tilled by the company ; but tlie best played part in the piece was that ot Mr. Coach by Mr. Edwin Kelly, whose acting would have been a credit to any stage. After the comedy, an old Sydney favourile (Mr. Vul Voso the Ven triloquist) kept the audience in high good humour lor liulf-ftii-liour. To-night Mr. J'l. Kelly, it limy be noticed, takes liis benefit, and so well-known and popular an artist ought ut least to have the compliment of a crowded house. l'ROFESSOIt FEB PER. Professor Pepper, a gentleman whoso lectures at tlie Royal Polytechnic Institution in London have extended over nearly a quarter of a century, and whose achievements as a popularise!- of science linvo long since rendered liim famous throughout the world, arrived in .Sydney by the steamer Cheviot this morning, for the purpose of giving a scries of liis celebrated entertainments in the School of Arts. On his recent arrival in Mel bourne tlie professor was most cordially welcomed by the Government astronomer (Mr. Ellery) and almost everyone connected with, and interested in, scientific pursuits in Victoria. The professor is accompanied by a staff of professional assistants, including bis son and Mr. Otway, who lins charge of tlie valuable and perfect Scientific apparatus which lie brings with liim to illustrate his highly amusing as well as instructive entertainments, it cannot be forgotten that the professor is tlie inventor of tlie celebrated illusion " Pepper's Ghost," which, of course, will lie introduced during tlie season. GUILD HALL. On Saturday tlie last performance of tho pro gramme which for a fortnight past 1ms been so successful was given at the Guild Hall, and wns received with as much applause as on the night of its first representation. Tlie exquisite fooling of " The Big Pin A l," as they arc called in tlie bills-, tlie plensing singing of the Aubry artists, tlie skipping-ro|)u dancing of Miss Lottie Elliott, mid the really wonderful feats of the Vaidi's, were ap parently as popular as when the talented company commenced six weeks ago. To-night an entire change of programme is announced to be given. ENGLISH CIRCUS, la addition to a good and varied programme, including the fairy spectacle " Cinderella", " Dick Turpin," that pi'rve dr. mist ti nee in lliu reper toire of a Circus Company, was played at the above place of amusement to an nndience lluit evidently had come determined to enjoy itself thoroughly. "Cinderella," as lias often been men tioned, is played by Messrs. Hayes and Bcnluimo's company very effectively, the ball-room scene especially eliciting hearty cheers, " Dick Turpin," as produced on Saturday night, deserves a few comments. Notwithstanding tlint the spectacular drama has baeii done lo death, a thoroughly well trained more, representing " Bonnie ljess." never fails in moving an audience to a display of excited enthusiasm, The jgarc which goes through tlie performance at the Amphithcare, although not possessing the required sleek and shiny skin and the fiery appearance cntitljng Dick '/.'urpiti to in dulge in rhapsodic#' over her " silky mane and tail" and " glossy coat" is remarkably wclUrnincd, and does credit to Mr. Hayes, \vlio, we believe, un dertook her tutoring. - Mr. King, the agent of the company, was inveigled into playing tlie principal character (Dick Turpin), and Mr. Barry O'Neil es- Biiyed the part of Tom King. BURTON'S CIRCUS. 'I'lic success of tlie performances given at Burton's Circus inclines one to the opinion that a long and favourable season in sure to repay tlie management for the evident determination' shown to gratify the tustes of the public, and add to tlie charm of the pavilion by strict adhorcnco to the old adage "Variety is charming." On Saturday night an entire change of programme was given, mid the frequent nnd loud uppluuso elicited led to the boii- clusiqp that the 'entertainment wns- of a nature that not only satisfied but gratified tlie largo assemblage that had taken up position under Abe great stretcli of qanviis. Although for mirth-ptovoking propensities and spontanicly in humour Johnny Cowan would by no means boar favourable comparison with Henlmuio, yet lie has succeeded in installing himself a favourite with a portion of the public by his eulogistic song on the victory nnd prowess of 'l'rickctt. Tlie horses in this circus are indeed of a superior description, and tho training of the little pony " Solim," and the Arab charger " Regie Park," provos that no small amount of trouble and patience must have been devoted in the breaking in of the animals. Tho afternoon matinee proved' successful, a nu- m creya gathering of little opes, witli a proportion ate sprinkling fjt '.'big ones," having enjoyed themselves hp jnpnscjly oi hp odd i ties pf tlie three pipp'iis w|io appear ,in Aye aiQtM. ? ? 