.. REAL PRAYER BOOK END MENT. i This is the Bill introduced , into; the House of , Lords. v:.;:,;,,; / /;,///';i ' ,o oi/.X'-/XT ; Whereas 1 attempts shave been made, to' Intro) duce a/ system oof ;'auricular-:'-'confessibn and priestly absolution into the Uhurcn ot .England; al ien 'to / the ' doctrine and practices ;of the Said Church; bh'the alleged ground that such systems is authorised by certain passages in the Book of Common Prayer : X Andr whereas it is expedient to' amend the same Book in manner hereinafter' mentioned::! beTit-lthefefore -.'enacted by the Queens most excellent Majesty, by and with the .advice, and . consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in | this present Parliament assembled, 'and by the authority of the' same, as follows : 1. The following amend ments shall be made "in the Book of Common Prayer : 1st. The third -rubric iu the morning and evening services which now stands thus : "The absolution or remission of sins, to bo pro nounced by the priest --'alone standing; the people still kneeling," shall be altered to the folio wiug /; forin : " A "declaration that God pardoneth penitent sinners, to be ! road by the minister alone standing, 'the people still kneel ing": 2udly. Tho last "clause" iti the first ex) hortation! to the, celebration:.'- of the Holy Communion, which now stands 'thus;: " That by the ministry of God's .Holy ; Word wo may receive the benefit of absolution,' together with ghostly council', and advice— the- quieting of his; conscience," - shall be amended by omitting the words " absolution,; together with " : Srdly. The lOth' rubric .iu the ' Communion Service which now stands' thus- :: / '' Thensh'all the priest (or . the bishop, being 1 present)'stand up, and turning himself to .thet people, pronounce this absolution;" shall.be altered to the following form : then shall > the miuister (or the bishop, being present) stand up, and turning him self to ' the people) '.' say as follows " : 4thly. Tlib Order of the Visitation of the Sick shall be ameuded by omitting , the following rubric and absolution : " Here , shall the sick person be moved to make a special confession of his sins, if.he feel his conscience troubled with any weighty matter ; after which confession the priest shall absolve him (if he . humbly and heartily desire it) after this sort: "Our Lord Jesus Christ who has left power to his Ohurch; to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him, of His great mercy forgive thee; thine offences ; and by his authority committed to me I absolve theo from all tby sins, in the name of the Father, andof the Son, and of the Holy- Ghost, Amen " : Sthly. In the Ordination Service for priests, the form which now stands thus.: , '.'.Receive, tho . Holy Ghost for the office and work" of a priest in the Church of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands : whose sins .tliou. dost forgive, they are forgiven, and whose sins tliou dost retain) they are .'returned. .And be; thou a faithful dispenser of; the word of God, .and, His; holy sacraments ; in the name of the; Father, and of the Son, .and of the Holy Ghost, Amen," shallbe altered to the following form : " Almighty God, our heavenly Father, grant unto theo the gift of tho Holy Ghost for the office and. work of a jM-iest in the Church of God now committed unto thee by the imposition "of'-our hands ; and be thou a faith ful dispenser , of the Word of .God and of . Ilis Holy 'sacraments ; in the name of the Father, and of the Son. and of the Holy Ghost, Amen " : 6thly. The' form" of consecrating an" archbishop or bishop, which now stands thus : " Receive the Holy Ghost for the; office and work)',' .shall be altered in like manner, and begins as follows : "Almighty God, .our heavenly/Father, grant unto thee the gift of the Holy Ghost for the office and work, &c.;" 2. This' Act may be cited for all purposes aa " The Prayer Book Amend ment Act, 1S79." 3.- This Act shall come into operation on the 1st day of January, 1SS0. 