Answers to Corespondents, *** Correspondents will please take notice that n questions will be answered unless the sender gives hi real name and address in full-not for publication but as a guarantee of good faith, and that he is a subscriiber. Correspondents who wish their questions pronvoil answered, should not include inquiries respecting fo( or more subjects in one letter. Inattention to this ni is a fruitful cause of delay in answering, Sufferer-Not received. A. B.-You do not require a license under the circum- stances. G. D. (Currabubula)-rou can sue in the nearest District Court to where the publican resides. Secretary (Sliellharbour)-B t's liable for vihaleve, rent was agreed upon for the stall. G. L. (Orange)-Defend tho action ¡ prove tlie Oui) of what you said. J. W. (Kaiser) aslcs-Was the steamship (faù Britain ever in Port Jackson ?-Yes. Pads (Golspie)-A letter addressed to the Oroiti Solicitor's Office will find him. Native-(1. and 2.)-No, but they are embraced in the word " Australasia." B. Y. asks if the Act is passed for 5Slb to be the m per weight oj a bushel of corn ?-No. E. P. J: (Scrubby Plains)-Your letter must Aa« gone astray. Ii. M'A. (Oberon)-We must decline lo state the nam of our correspondent. Novice (B.) asks-Is smoking considered bcnefitiil for red, sore, soft-looking eyes ?-No. J. P. (Ttimut)-Write to Ainsworth and Co., Tori street, Sydney. T. Willis (care T. Baker, The Rock, via Boggabri)-* The mineral is an ore of iron, probably of no commet. dal value. It bears evidence of the action of fire. H. M'K. asks if there is a wood-carver in Si/dneyi if so, his name and address ?-Yes, Archibald JTurray 60, Palmer-street, Woolloomooloo. 1 J. M.-No charges are made for exhibits at th forthcoming exhibition. You should employ a can tater for your stock, if sending any. \ R. H. W. asks where pura bred Spanish fowls can be bought in Sydney, and at what price ?-Apply fg Mr. Jumes Pernell, George-street south, Sydney. Nemo aslcs-WIiat is Hie best and quickest way it ton opossum skins 1-A strong solution of wattle bart, boiling hot. L. L.-Tlie clergyman's name is A. Hardie, «el Hardy, and lives in Richmond, Victona. He is i Presbyterian. R. B. (Moppity) asks whether "yours truly" ti. "your's truly," with the apostrophe, is rights " Yours truly," without the apostrophe. J. C. (Moonbi) asks-What is the name and adirm of the Comptroller-General of Prisons?-Harold Mw lean, Esq., Phillip-street, Sydney. W. A. R. (Condobolin) writes-I beg lo inform (J, W. (Parkes) that Gabriel's Gully, N.Z., was discerné in July, 18G1. T. T. (Mimosa Road, Wagga)-Tlie iankSShj^, and 20 by 15, and by 3 yards measurements, contatiu 2520 cubic yards. ! Isabel (Cowra) asks-Will you inform me fm, what glycerine is obtained ?-From tallow in the «on; and candle factories. G. D. (Moree)-Tlie £100 you lent can onhj le rt¡. covered at the District Court, and not at tlie Pell) Sessions. , Subscriber (Shoalhaven)-Advertise in the " Tout and Country " for tlie missing party ; total cost, abd 5s. . TF. /. (Marulan)-(1.) It is the planet Venn (2.) Fisher's ghost, Campbelltown, about 36 mila from Sydney. . >. J. L. (Scone)-You seem to have been badhj treatel bul have no remedy. You have had a good sample "justice's justice." G. (Gilguornia) asks-Is it légal for a roaMU country store (75 miles from any township) to ie»?, open on Sundays for the sale of goods ?-No. ,] W. B. aslcs-If I say that a certain woman is in vu habit of getting dru?ift, and can prove it, can sh obtain a verdict against me ?-Yes. Yarrawa, asks-Can you impound cattle off th public road to-day, by driving them into yow yati, when tlicy did not tresj)ass on your unfenced land situs yesterday ?-No. - ; If. G. (Irrara) asks-If a lady receives an o|« from a gentleman, and refuses him, is she expecteU return his gifts, or may she retain them ?- She return all presents. ; , X. Y. Z. ash-If IseUdedin a splatter's rented 100 acres of ground three years ago, and he buys MK ground adjoining me, can I make him pay meforhwj the fence between us ?-Yes. ' I.B. (Nebo) asks-Wliether Whitechapel Church il on thc right hand side of the road as you go from Bo* to the city (London)?-Will some recently arrM Londoner oblige our correspondent. P. T. (Back Creek)-Wo understood your gue* correctly. If you go away from home and leave nooti to attend to yourbusincss, you must put up with"* results. J. W. (Breem) asks-A bets B that the Qewrnnd of New South Wales called for tenders, within the W tvMve months, for 100 locomotives. Who wins'-' wins, . Burrawang asks-How long has the Murrumlvrrv bridge been in course of construction, and who t» .* contractor ?-In June, 1878, the contract was let « Geo. Williams, contractor. Cubic (Wakool)-The tank of tlie dimensions yd give will measure 104.8 cubic yards. We did not rt ceive the previous communication yon refer to. ? F. H. (Forbes)-The description of your tanlif^. roadway is rather jumbled. If we have undersm it-putting top where you wrote bottom, ¿¡c.-the cw tents are 1228 yards 18 feet cubic. ¡ J. H. T. (Eschol, Dalton)-The value is lOsiW per unit, that is, 20 per cent, would be worth ¿glO per ton, and 30per cent. £15 per ton. Can it»"' duce you to a buyer. Displeased (Narandera)-We cannot insert li»« letter complaining of tlie unchristian con^u^rDL ;( clergyman, because no good would result, "rlW , tlie bishop. . W. J. aslcs-If a brichnakcrhas a license M aP*. and has men employed getting the cUvyjeadyW^ use, are those men compelled to have licenses'" (2.) A medical man should examine tlie gums, _ ' J. L. (Scone) asks-If there is any act forjff on roads, $c. ?-Ycs} Section 39 of tlie Act 2 Yi«;m 2\. It maV Je obtained at the Government Printing Office. Subscriber (Hay) asks wh^re the pearl müht is lo le obtained, or if it is to be obtained at all in the colo nies?-Messrs. J. Graham and Co., George-street markets, Sydney, have a small supply direct from ~ America, 2s per lb. li. W. (Gararra Springs)-We had some difficulty in making out the meanings of your roadway slopes and their measurements ; but haue calculated the contents of tlie whole to be 4108 yards 6 feet in cubic measurement. W. H. £. (Qurindi)-All exhibits may le entered free of charge. Your exhibits would be under class 2914 and the enWancemust be reith the secretary on or before the 1st of August INM(. We understand tlie Ex hibition will not open before thc2ith September. .. Alpha (Forbes) asks-Wuit number of cubic yards are mere in a tank 50 feet long and 36 feet wida at bottom, 1 feet 4 indies deep, and slopes IC feet ß inches from surface to bottom of bank; with a roadway 53 feet long and Z&feel; wide ?-1C87 yards 1 foot. Wybong ashs-What is the name of the quickest mowing dwarf pea , and what time generally does it talco to come to perfection?-MLean's " Little Gem," from seven to nine weeks in warm genial weather. In rare instances six weeks has sufficed to develop pods fit for use. Rifle (Coonamble) asks-If you or any of your sub scribers tan give a cure for small soft corns under the big toe it vmUd greatly oblige Rifle ?-Dip a piece of washing soda in water, and touch the com with it every night and morning ; the corn will disappear in a week or two if punctually attended to. Skyrocket asks-I have a man who is almost, through age and infirmity, unfit for work ; and he has ofien'bcen told that leonid not give him wages, but would keep him in board, lodging, and washing, as an equivalent for any light jobs that he may do. Can he compel me to pay him toages ?-No. T. C. (Barraba) aslcs-(1.) Gan a person hold a ? selection without having been christened?-Yes. (2.) Would a person be justified in shooting pigs or goats trespassing on his paddocks ?-rcs, if the paddocks are fenced sufficiently to keep out cattle . ordinarily controllable. Subscriber (Myall Vale, Boggabri)-Your paddock, 86 rods long by 20 and 20¡¡ rods wide, if the angles are fight or square angles, contains 4' acres 2 roods and 9 perches. On similar conditions the paddock 23 rods lonq by 2% and 19J- rods .wide, contains 1 acre 3 roods and 2 perches, B. W. W. (Copeland,)-You may remove thc grease from the cloth of your billiard-table by saturating the part with spirits of turpentine or benzine, and absorb with porous paper and a hot smoothing iron. Two or ihr re applications may be required before the-grease is thoroughly taken out of the cloth. . , G. P. (Belalie) asks if a husband leaves his wife and the district to look for work and does not return, Say, for two or three years, and if his wife advertises for him in the papers, and he still keeps away, can she marry again ?-The second marriage is a nullity, and'the woman is liable to be prosecuted for bigamy. M. JJ. T. (Milton) asks-Can I be compelled to close my billiard room every night at 12 o'clock. Tlie room is built on the roadside, adjoining the public house ? You must close the public house, and if it is connected at all with the billiard room you must close the billiard room, otherwise you need not. JJ. S. (Warialda) asks-How many inches (cxihic) there are in a bushel measure, the depth and diameter ? ¿-2218*2 inches, size and shape of no consequence. A common kerosene case will contain exactly a bushel. 2. How is roach lime measured, heap or strike measure? ^-Strike. J. S. (Duncan's Creek, Victoria) asks-Jf I give a promissory note, payable on a_ certain day, and am not able to talce it up when the time comes, can the holder of tlie note sell my goods and chattels for the amount of tlie note without suing me first and obtain ing a verdict ?-Certainly not. "Ploughboy " (Burrawang) asks-Hoxv many cubic ?yards are in a tank 105 feet square at top, and 45 feet square at the bottom, with a, depth of10 feet; also of a roadway 83/eci long, 24 feet wide at each end, and 31 feet wide on the top ? Tank, 2194 yards 12 feet ; road way, 467 yards 5 feet. ' Riclmond asks-(1.) I have lield a license for a public-house for some time, but this year I did not take out one. Can I still sell syrups, Iwp-beer, tfc, in the room used as a public bar, without incurring a fine, as I have a large supply on hand of syrups? Yes. (2.) Yes. A. M. H. asks-My husband is in great difficulties through bank oppression, without any cause, and he'll not turn insolvent. Can I get a protection ticfat from a bench of magistrates to hold house and carry on a business, to be safely protected against husband's and children's debts ?-No, not unless you are deserted by him. Englishwoman asks-A near relative of mine died in England two years ago, leaving tovme ¿615 per annum for life. I have just received £11 10s as one ?year's payment. Can the lawyer lawfully deduct ¿63 10S as Government charges; also, may I not. claim fraymentfrom date of my relative's decease?-Yes, If he will says so. Alpha-fl J Of course you can fence your pre-lease. (2.) They are all liable to bc sold, but if the creditors Uke they can alloio you your furniture and wearing apparel, and this is usually done unless the insolvent has been guilty of improper proceedings. The wearing apparel is seldom sold. You had better get a third person to buy. Your wife's poultry would be sold. W. W. F. (Black Rock) as]cs-(l) Has the holder of a leased farm the same power as the real owner of the land to make the adjoining landh older erect one halfofa boundaryfence?-No. (2) Ina case wliere purchased land adjoins the Government road, who is the proper person under Government to give the notice iß fence?-You cannot make the Government pay one half. Pee Dee asks-Am I responsible, having taken horses to bréale in at per head, if one breaks out of the yard and breaks its leg ; no mention was made about re sponsibility on taking the horses to break. Can the owner legally detain the price of breaking in the rest for the value of the injured horse ?-No ; not if you took that care of the animals which a careful man would have. F. L. aslcs-A gives a lien to B over a certain num ler of stock. B seizes the said stock, and the sale does not realise the amount owing B. C, A's son, has stock bearing A's brand in another part of the country. Can B seize C's stock off C's own run for the remainder of A's debt, C being of age; and if so, what is C's best remedy?-No; if he'does, bring an action against him. Dach' Block asks-Can you qive me a simple and cure receipt to take grease from black cloth ?-The most common recipe is spirits of turpentine rubbed on the spot with a piece of flannel, first warming the article. But benzole is a still more powerful solvent of fatty matters, and is applied in the same way. If not suc cessful on the first trial malee another, Bungonian asks-Wliat is the population of tlie cit of Newcastle, of Bathurst, and Maitland within thet respective municipal boundaries?-Municipal town t Newcastle, 7581-shipping 441; municipal town < .Bathurst, 5030 ; municipality of East Maitland, 2282 municipality of West Maitland, 5381; asper census < 1871\. Títere is no reliable record since, R. F. /Wagonga) ashs-When am I to make m declaration and commence payments to the Gow/ menet and whether they are to be quarterly or hal yearly ?-The declaration is to be made before the el piration of three years and three months from date t purchase, accompanied by the first payment. Thepa\ ments will afterwards be made yearly. A. R. (Harton River) asks-How is resin extracte from the pine tree. Is it better to take off the bark, o to leave it on the tree?-When the sap is in free floi the tree is wounded by cutting out a longitudinal slit of the bark, and placing a spout of zinc or copper c the base of the incision to collect the ¡lowing sap into vessel placed to receive it. The bark must not b entirely removed from tlie tree. X. E. (Spicer's Creek) aslcs-(I.) Would you stat what subjects, and what degree of each, are necessar to matriculate ?-The sxOjects for matriculation are Latin, English, mathematics, natural science (physics chemistry, or geology.) (2.) Please state particular!] whether necessary to have Greek and French ?-Greet is not necessary. French is not a subject for examina lion at all. Old Hand asks-(1.) If a man selects on a run am sells out to the squatter, who binds tlie man over ti the sum of £80 or £100 not to select on the same run or within 50 miles cfit, for seven years, I wish toknou if such a bond is legal, or would it stand good in law if the man selected on the sa me run or within 50 mile, of it, and could the squatter sue theman ?- Yes. (2., Could he gain anything from Vie man by so doing -Ires. 2'. M. aslcs-I have done and completed some wort for S 0 for a certain amount, when, as I had the won completed he went insolvent. I have asked him for th amount twice, and he tells me he will pay me. Th world have done ison his brother's ground (C C) Noie I want to hiovB if I have to take proceeding) against one or both?-You have no remedy at'all unless you can get a fresh acknowledgement in writiiu from S 0 that he will pay. J. N. M. (Hay) asks-What is tlie standard mea sûrement of a ton of firewood, rough hewn, to decide c small bet. I find in Maunder's 40 feet ; my opponen says it is not correct ; it is to be decided by you. Mi opponent says tliere is different measurement in Vic toria. I maintain that a ton of fwewood has the sanu measurement in all the colonies, also in England ? Ameasured ton of firewood is 40 feet. Weare notawart of any difference in Victoria. Fiji desires to know (l.)-How aro horseshoe naih made, by machinery or hand ?-By machinery chiefly (2.) If by machinery at what rate per thousand?-Ir a large American factory one man with a machint turns out 5001b of perfect nails per day. (3.) Are the% cut out of sheet iron or ivire ?-They are manufacturée of wire and bar iron. The bar iron for some factoriet is imported from Norway, timi purified, drawn ova and touglienei, afterwards forged into proper lengths J. B. (Wallerawang)-J was sued at the District Court for breach of contract; plaintiff not appearing a verdict was given for defendant with costs. I (defend ant) before the case 'came on paid my lawyer ¿64 4s which, after the verdict, plaintiff also paid him a costs. I asked the lawyer to return my fee, which h refuses, can I legally claim it (the fee) ?-He is onh entitled to retain his taxed costs; if he agreed to talc £i is then he cannot legally retain more. P. J. (Tooma Dearter) asks-My brother borrowei £10 from a man, for which he gave him his pro. note Some three months later, in ¿7« absence of my brother he came to me, and got my pro. note, leading me ii believe he had nothing to slww for his money. I wan to know is iha,t legal ?-No. You can sue the man i you are ever called upon by a stranger to pay the notó If tho man sue you, in. the nota you have a goo( defence. Subscriber (Shoalhaven)-Tlie saloon fare to Singa pore, per E. and A. M. Co.'s steamers is ¿£35, and th steerage ¿615. The ports of call of the E. and A. M Co.'s steamers to Singapore are Brisbane, Bowen Townsville, Cooktown, and Thursday Island, and th average run frpm Sydney to Singapore occupies 2( days. The steamers of the N.I.S.N. Co. also take pas sengers to Singapore, and we believe their fares art about the same. They only call at Cooktown, Thurs day Island, Port Darwin, and Batavia. T. A. K. (Camden) asks-Wliere can I purchase c portable engine, 8 or 10 horse- power, double cylinder, suitable for a saw-mill, and what would be tlie pm bable cost ?-You can purchase port-able engines from Messrs. Lassetter, Ainsworth and Go., Blacket and Davy, or Drysdale and Roberts, and others, (Set advertising columns.) ? Tlie cost will depend on tht quality of tho article and the maker. Semi-portable engines are belier than ordinary portable, if you dc not want lo move it about. Cost, from £250 to ¿6400. C. M. (Cunningham Plains) says-Having had the misfortune to upset a bucket of boiling lard on my floor, you would ;' greatly oblige by giving me a recipe for removing il?-Grease spoismay be taken out of boards by apjjlying a paste of wood ashes and quicksilver kept on seven days and then washed off ; or you might saturate the boards with spirits of turpén tine, and then absorbing tlie fluid with hot ashes or unslaked lime. Yon may plane down the boards until you shave off all their substance that shows grease. A. B. C. aslcs-X rents a house from Y for a certain per iod. Before expiration of lease, X came lo see Y, with Z, and aslced him for an extension of lease for a certain period, on condition that lie would pul up an addition to the house. Y agrees to do so and after wards changes his mind and refuses to sign a written agreement to that effect. X puts K» the addition, and Y wants lo know if X can continue in the house, there only having been a verbal agreement between them, with Z as a witness ?-No. fgj. K. (Ryrieville, Dalton)-We never received any communication from you enclosing a plant which you believed was a goodremedy for dysentery, and the name of which you requested us to give. Ccnluary (Ery ihrcea Australis) is the most popular plant in the colony as a remedy for your complaint. It is a small herb loilh pink floioers and a vary bitter taste. Hundreds of people will point it out if you inquire for it under the first name. The gum of the green wattle is also used for the same com plaint, as is also the gum from thc ironbark, diluted. Selector says that he has grown the black Dovcrn * potatoes for a number of years, each year changing the ground, and this year finds a great quantity oj them a purple colour right through. Can you tell me the cause ?-The probability is that originally a purple variety was amongst the seed and that in '? sorting this has happened to bc selected in greater pro \ portion than the black kind; hence its increase. In this way it is possible that from a single tuber purple would, in a few years, predominate, unless purposely . selected out and discarded. J. N. M. (Portland Head) asks-fl.) Is \he Pen nant EUI apricot the best bearer of the early sort ?-. ts amongst the be3t bearers. (2.) Is the yellow Italia peach a good saleable peach in the Sydney market, an what was the highest price they brought per case th year?-It i's a coarse peach, but saleable for cookir when large; 8s, but you should not calculate upon T. K. (Moree) ashs-My brother was drowned c Good Friday last, whilst swimming his horse aero certain ty of the price of any peach whatever. If ye have suitable peach land and wish to cultivate then you should go in for pig feeding, and drying as well t marketing tlie fresh fruit. the Mehi River. He has left behind him a wife an two little children under two years old. He made t will. Hisproperty consists of some horses, 40 acres , land, and a house he had licensed for a public-hous Wliat is the best thiiigfor his wife to do. I am awa: she has to administer to the property, but do not kno which way lo commence?-It would be impossible ft us to give you sufficient information; nor is it tl object of this journal to enable you, to do without solicitor. It would be very unwise, and you woul find it very expensive lo attempt to do without one. Catapult aslis-A gentleman in England, recent! deceased, left the foüciving in his will :-" I ah deviso and bequeath to alt my grandchildren, nc born and then livinq, the sum of five hundred pounc (£500) each." Will you beldnd enough to tell m when the legacy is lo' be paid. Two of the grane children are of age, and two of thom minors. Nothin is mentioned in the will as to their coming of agi (1.) Can tlie two tliat are of age take llieir share now -Yes. (2.) Must the other iwo wait for their share till they are of age ?-Yes. Y. asks-Will three wires be a secure fence whet wild cattle and horses are plentiful ; if so, what nnm bered wire would you require, and what would it coi per ton, and how many miles would a. ton go ?-Tim wires would not suit under such circumstances. J would rather require three-quarter inch bar iron, an even then the cattle would push their heads throug] and tear up the poets. Three No. 4 wires for tho fo¡ anti three of a smaller size would be necessary to mak a good fence. Three wires of the No. 4 size would re quire 1 ton 2qr 23lb to the mile. J. W. S. (Home Rule) asks-I have a son, A, wh was in a squatter's employ named B ; when my soi engaged with B, he agreed for 12s per week, a verba agreement. ' B has paid my son 12s on several occa nons for the last 18 months, but has never properh settled with him. B now sends my boy horne wilhou giving him a week's notice and paid him at the rate q 10s per week. B never told the boy he reduced hi wages from 12s to 10« per week. Tras B justified ir so reducing A's wages ?-No ; but if tlie boy consentec to accept tlie money, and we think'it more thän liltel\ that lie did, he has no remedy. Acton Park (Tarlo) asks-(\\.) Wliich is tlie mos, suitable pea for the Sydney market; the price of seet and tlie general ruling price in pod per bushel, anc when ripe, for boiling purposes ?-Yorkshire Hero, li 3d per quart, is to 6s for green pods, Gs for dry boiling (2.) I have a few nice winter pearmaih apple trees planted out four years since; some have tlie bligh badly ; what is best to use lo check it, as there appeifri no cure for it?-You can do little but keep tlie treet manured. The blight will not injure your kind oj apples much. J. M. D. W, (Gundagai)-Copper plates must noi be allowed to get too clean ; the presence of some amal gam assists to collect gold. When tho accumulatior of amalgam is very great, gold will be lost ; in such c case the way to clean tlie fílate is to-heat it over afin until the hand cannot bear the touch, when the amal gam softens, and can easily be scraped off. Tlie plat, must be rubbed with a little fresh mercury wherever th amalgam has been removed, without any addition o nitric acid. It is only in preparíng a new plate tha a small quantity of dilute nitric acid must be used before adding the mercury, W. B. asks-We have two runs. Tlie nearest poin , from one to the other is about 12 miles, but to go by th road it is about 20 miles, and is low, flooded ground it is.a perfect bog in flood time, perfectly impassable and impossible for sheep to travel. The squatter de clines to allow us to keep the high ground round th flood water ; what is our remedy? Must we keep th high ground round the flood water ? Can.we send ow teams tlie nearest way from one run ¿o tlie other? Wt sent our teams this way two years ago during flood time, but now the squatter refuses to let us go. Can wc force our way ?-No. Pick and Shovel (Junee) asks-What would be tin average width of a roadway 30 feet wide, with slopes 5 io 1 on both sides, making 66 feet wide lower'ena, 3Í feet at the mouth ?-We do not clearly understand whai you want, unless it be tlie mean width across tlie wholt cutting at Hie original surface. The answer to thii would be 45 feet, and would be the same for any length unless the surface was of irregular levels. If yon mean slopes of the road as well, the length of the road would tye 81 feet and 9 feet, deep end. The average, width would bo lfoot increase on each side to each 4J feet on the straight (2 feet to every 9 feet), <fe. 27K dip would be 1 io 9 feet. Tubal Cain aslts-Please give me the name, and mention price by post, of some handy book treating on tempering of iron and steel and general smith's work, such as welding^ and working iron (no farriery neces sary), also engineer's " vade mecum " (q ), qiving strengtli, specific gravity, Sçc.,SfC, of various malcriáis used in building and other mechanical operations ? The best work on tempering steel that wo know of is by Ede, of the Woolwich gun factories ; price, about 7s Od. The most popular engineer's book of general reference is perhaps Molesworth's Poclcet-book. There is a small waistcoat pocltet-bookby Sponvery generally in use, but its information Í3 more limited. An Old Subscriber (Peelwood) says-I have two boys, ages ten and eleven years respectively. The elder complains occasionally of a pain in the lower part of the abdomen, caused by a little kernel between the abdomen 'and thigh. The most time he complains is when after an extra amount of any sort of work suited to his years. The other boy complains of, as he says, pins and needles sticking in his backbone and slioul ders. Being too far from any doctor-5G miles, Goul burn-lo gel advice, you would confer a boon by letting me, in your next issue, know what course to pursue ? A medical man must inspect time cases before ventur ing to give an opinion. A. H. G. (Navua) asks-(l.) Can you inform me where tlie Liberian coffee originally came from. Tliis is to settle_ a bet, so that if ii comes from Liberia, as I presume it does} please state where Liberia is? Liberian coffee is merely a variety of Caffea Arabica, indigenous to tho regions bordering on the Red Sea, but cultivated from pre-iiistoric times in Arabia, Abyssinia, and Ethiopia. The variety known as Liberian was introduced to Liberia-on trie v>esl coast of Africa, colonized by freed negroes from the United States of America-from the West Indies, and pro bably since improved by clime and culture, at a not distant time, probably not over twenty years. R. E. (Croki) asks-I agree with a person to work my farm on the following conditions for 12 months, vii., that said person works the farm on the halves. I find horses and farming implements for the use of said person-the agreement in question being a verbal one. Does the above condition constitute said person a , tenant or a servant. Tlie said person states that h* \ will not quit the farm at the expiration of 12 montht unless I give him a certain sum of money. Is it abso lutely necessary that I should do so; and am I legally required to give him six months' notice to quit, seeing thal I only engaged him to work the farm for 13 montlis on tlie conditions before stated?-Me is bonni to go out at the end of tlie term of 12 months. R. 8. W. (Mogil Mogil) asks-If A is driving a wheel 13Ö inches in circumference, and turns an inter mediate pulley, B, 38 incites circumference, by a belt. C is fixed on same axle as B, and 76 inches circumfer ence, D is 28 inches and turned by abeltfrom G,what will be the speed of D on every revolution of A, thi driving wheel making 40 revolutions per minute? The pulley, B, will net affect the speed, oecawse G it fixed on the same axle. The speed of D will bi 193 ae- lOOf/i^ or a little over 193J revolutiona pet' minute; or 4 83l-1000£7is revolutions, ora little ove* 4 i-bths revolutions, for every revolution of A. I/Ú were driven from the pulley, B, the speed would bl reduced one-half. J. H. F. (Macqmne-street South) asks if copper can be extracted from gold ?-If gold exists in copper in sufficient quantity to pay for extraction, it can le separated with commercial profit. Tliere are severe^ methods of dealing with auriferous copper ores; d#( pending on their other constituents, ana the reagent^ obtainable where they aro found. At home, witera acids are cheap, various chemical processes aré ' ?adopted ; elsewhere the ore is run into rich regulus, which concentrates the gold in tlie ore. Wfien concen trated up to 2os per ton of regulus, it paya a good profit on the cost of extraction. The value of the regulus can be inferred from an examination of tlie oro. Many of the copper ores of this country contain payable gold. G. W.R. (Eugowra) asks-Will theorange grow in this district, on the Lachlan River, 170 mt'tes from Sydney; and will seeds do, or must I qel grafted plants. Also when to plant, where to get tíiem, price, and full particulars about this plant?--'They will grow in warm situations in your locality, if protected from frost while young. Tliey have been grown well many years ago at Sloane's Station, some miles higlier up tlie river than Nanima. Seeds will do, but « re quires skill to raise young plants /row thom, and they will not bear for ten or twelve years. Grafted plants can be bought at the Sydney nurseries for 18« vcr dozen. Ask for-hardy sorts. These will bear the third or fourth years if they succeed well. By regularly reading this journal you will find information on the subject of orange culture, as well as others. 3CG (Tamworth) asks-I live in a part of the toim where it is almost on a level. My next door neighbour has raised his yard up to within a few feet of my house, causingquite a quagmire along and close to my wall, wliere it has no get-away but by evaporation. Last summer I had to 'shut my windows when it was warm, and now that summer is returning, I would like to prevent, if possible a repetition. Ifould you kindly inform me what I slwuld do??-Soe your solicitor. Bring an action against them. If your neighbours so alter the natural conformation of tlie ground as io cause ci different drainage, or to dam back water that would otlierwiso have had a natitral escape, they are Kable to you, and also you.are entitled to bring an action for a nuisance from which you suffer in a special way and differently from the general public, asinthü case. v Old Subscriber (Hillston)-Bum mixed with castor oil is sometimes used, with a Utile powdered borax, for the purpose of removing dandriff and strengOienmg the hair. If your case of dandriff is an extreme one, as by your application to us for advice leads us io suppose it is, cut your hair very short and stimulate the skin of the scalp by using with energy a hard brush for 10 minutes, and then wash with the following lotion : One drachm of volatile salts in one pint oj cold water; repeat this daily, morning and \oven-' ing. Once a week the head slwuld be weU'washod leith soap and water. If still troubled after a month's trial, rub the scalp at bedtime wüh creosote ointment and thoroughly wash off in tlus morning, taking a liet bath occasionally. A complete cure for ordinary cases isa mixture of borax, sulphur, and camphor. We have never known it to fail. T.A.H. asks-My father was killed by an accident in April, 1879, leaving mc, an only son, and five, daughters. He left a will, in which he bequeathed to me ad Ivis landed properly out of the town of Rylstone, and all stock, personal property, and money, to I« equally divided amongst the six of us. Very shortly before his death lie' purchased some volunteer lana orders, the land for one of which he took up in the land office at Rylstone. The others heliad not taken up the land for. He had looked at the place where he intended to take the other pieces, and had taken a description of the land ; but it being in anotlter dis trict, some 100 mile* from liere, lie had not time to go to the land office to give in his description. Do these orders represent land, or are they to be looked on as money, and to be divided amongst the six children? Tiley are to be coiisidered as land. F. K. asks-I leased to A 40 acres of land for lt years, on condition that A should improve the land lit felling, clearing, and fencing (work partly done.) I supplied A with a written copy of agreement, or lease\ for his signature. He lcept the copy for over/we years, tlien returned it without signing. Soon after A re moves to another district, leaving his son in possession. A clause in t?ie lease forbids his sub-letting. Recently I made arrangements to sell the land, subject to all the conditions of A's agreement or lease. I wrote to A several times, urging, demanding that he should si,qn the lease or I should take possession, and treat his son, or anyone found in occupation, as a trespasser, but cannot get any reply from A. What course should I take?-There are a good many things to be con sidered in this matter. Have yon accepted rent from the son ? If you have never recognised him, yoi should bring an action of ejectment against him if ht will not give you possession. Mum (Manilla)-It is not possible from your sketch and measurements to give more than an approximation to the contents of your block of land. We cannot diurno" tho angles, only one in your sketch coming near a right (or square) one. Taking one of your measurements to be correct, then all the others are wrong. For instance, if the boundary or side you mark 10 chains be taken as correct, then, according io our measurement by scale, the side you give in the sketch as measuring 2 chains 80 links measures G chains G5 links; and each of the other two sides measures, by scale, one SQ and the other 45 Knifes less than they are marked in yout sketch. To do the best we canfor you, we have takm the 10-chain side as our basis, and sharpened iw (reduced) the small angle formed with. it^ and thi longest side, so as to meet the slwrt or 2-80 side, on thi scale we have adopted, and formed a figure as near Wee your sketch as tlie measurements (corrected a» described) will permit, and find thc area to represent 5 acres 2 roods and 27 perches, which, unless you aro very particular, will ba near enough. Wo have taken a good deal of trouble in order lo comply with your request. It may be mentioned that if we have failed at all to give the correct dimensions of your block, th« true measurement mustprove'fo be less, not more, than that given, that is if you gave the correct measurements of your actual. bou/nrdariesl as we haw assumed yoVk have. 