[?] Luke Mivers' Harvest. 'By N. WALTER SWAN. Ihe ' Sydney Mail' Prize Tale, Cham-eh XLI.— Mb. Bbowj? complicates Matt-eks. Brown was at Fitzgerald's lodgings next day, before the latter had left the house, when he told him: the story of the dead man at Bilter's. ' Did ye ever remark, Bryan, that the mother was livin more to wait like than to live ? I did, often, when she used to look out across the bush with a sigh as for some thing that would never come. Powers had told her, before he'd bin taken away, that he wrote to England for papers to show what be were ; that's what she waited for so long, an' that's wot I got here. The mother were married in Tasmania, as ye know. But ye did'nt know — how could ye ? — that it was said to be a gammon anair, ana inat the man wot spliced her wern't a paraon. When she came to hear of it, she bid herself away, an a report spread she was dead. When her husband heard that, he left the country an come to Victoria. I know who he is, and about the only one here wot does know, but that ain't to be fold yet.' ''You know that my father is living and who he is,' asked Fitzgerald, dismayed, ' and you won't tell me ? Do you call that friendship '(' ' Them papers its the proof that Powers were a parson, an. all in order ; so the lawyer says.' ' And you know wy lather ? ' On and off, since before ye were born. That mornin when the mother died, an before ye come, 6he made me promise not to tell yc till there could be no lawful doubt, or to mention^no name if not badly needed, for your sake. Ye can ask me no more ; the time aint come yet, leastways so I look at my promise.' ' Why did you tell me so much then F' Fitzgerald asked, anxiously. ' Is he ? ' He hesitated, and looked con fusedly at his friend. ' No, he ain't a lag. Ye only thought thai, Bryan, without thinldn el' her. Yc mind of her proud ways as well as me.' ' My father alive and in Victoria — what will they say to that ? This will surely cause a difference between us. Mr. Stivers is doing all he can against mo, Jim; he wants i« prevent my marriage with his niece. I must tell Mr. Mivers the story about my father, no matter what comes of it. You seem to have more influence with Mr. Miversthau any one else. You might ' ? ' It ain't no use. The old man is broken-down an sorrowful an rueful about many things, but there's things again there ain't no movin him in ; 1 tried it on.' 'Why do you go near him at all if he'll do nothing you wish him 'r' ' I go near him, first, 'cause he's got my promise ; I go near him, second, 'cause it may do ye good yet — who knows ? third, Igo near him like a kind o' dooty, an' ha ain't agoin for to be long alive neither. Maybe it's a kiud o' rcturnin good for evil. It's wot the mother'd hev me do— that, uiotit of all, makes me go. ******** It wns a sad-coloured day, with thin streams of sun Sow ing down through fissures and over crags of clouds, to fall ?weak and winterily upon the hills, when Mrs. Mivers aud her daughter were on the beach bonding forward to thn gusts, and enjoying the desolate freshness that was abroad as Fitzgerald joined them. ' There is a sheltered spot over yonder, ladies, where the wind strikes past the rocks, and the water swirls as smoothly as in summer time. From these one looks as out of a fortress at the anger before them.' They reached the angle of the promontory, that was as calm and etill as Antaeus. 'What a sense of protection this colossal wing of rock, gives,', Mrs. Mivers remarked ; 'and yet I saw a boat strike and sink on that treacherous claw of reef it has spread out yonder, hiding below the combs of foam.' ' I saw Brown this forenoon, Mrs. Mivers ; and he has obtained the proofs. I mean the legal proofs that were wanting of my mother'6 marriage.' 'So far as lam concerned, Mr. Fitzgerald, 1 am con vinced of the truth of your story without any such docu ments ; but it is well to have them.' 'He told me also,' he went on, with a catch, in his breath, 'that my father was alive and in Victoria.' Mrs. Mivers turned and looked straight at the spoakor with a concerned face — ' And your father is ' ? ' He refuses to tell me now. lie promised my moliiur that early morning before I came, and on wkich'she died, that he would not disclose the name, except under circum stances of the last importance to me. ' ' Then I think the time contemplated by your mother has arrived. I refrained from asking you many questions, Mr. Fitzgerald, believing, as you believed, that you were I friendless in Victoria, and that your goodness and worth were alone the considerations that should concern me. I even admit that your candour in this matter has raised you in my esteem, if that were possible ;. but the case is altered now.' He found no consolation in seeing that she tried to soften I her voieej or that the regard of a mother for him was in hoi- I brown old eyes. Although she spoke with tenderness and I pity, she spoke steadily. j ' This knowledge that Brown possesses must be known I to me before the intimacy continues longer, and 1 am sure I Helen agrees with me. Take a supposititious case, Mr. I Fitzgerald. What might not your father be Y Drunken, I dissolute, worthless or — or worse, and a source of shame I and degradation to you and to your wife. You will I perceive this possibility as well as me.' I Her voice was almost caressing, but it seemed so much I the more hopeless by reason of. that, and of the regret ex- . I pressed by her face. Fitzgerald's hand shook as he drew I it* across his forehead. Miss Mivers gave hua an interest- I ing look, and her lips quivered. J I 'Mamma knows these things best, Bryan,' eho said, I gently and pityingly too, ' but Mr. Brown will tell you.' I ' Brown will tell me soon, I think,' he answered, in his- I candour, ' for I don't doubt he will see the matter as you I and your mother do, Helen ; but, somehow, I am afraid of I the knowledge. Should my father be what vou describe, 1 Mrs. Mivers V' * I She came forward and took his hand with the motherly I grace of age. ' In that case, Bryan, you must part. Tiie I first step of your wife must not be to confront a shame.' I He took his hat oft unthinkingly, and looked at the lines I of breakers with a sense of loneliness, and when Helen saw I him bowed, as she had not yet seen him before, tears came I slowly and fell above the spray that was splashing at her fl feet. I 'I do not know why,' he made answer sadly, 'the ? happiness of a life, may be of two lives, ehould turn upon I euch a chance. As for me, the brightest of all things here ? depends upon it eo utterly that I am afraid. Time does ? not heal a sorrow such as this would be. There can be no ? giwth, Mrs. Mivers, over a love like mine ; all thai is I in Ihe world would be blotted out ; yet what you say is ? true. I could not take a wife to confront a shame; and so I how easily may darkness come.' I ' I wish 1 could give you hope. If Brown had thought ? your father worthy of you, he would have told you. lf I you mother had thought so, they would not he living ? apart.' ? Miss Mivers looked up at the coming darkness, awl s»*' ? its mists. Her still figure was clear against the background ? of recks ; her calm profile against the tumbling of tbc sc?' ? hut her love caught her in its strength, and the dusk ''' I her tears. ? ' ' Listen, Fitzgerald, when I was Helen's age there were ? objecis which filled my whole world. The dearest hopes m r.nd thoughts of my life were centered in them. By d»-' ? and by night thcie was present with me the same drea'1 °' am joy. It seemea to me, in the gladness that sprang up fro') M happiness, that the world was fair and 6hadowless, a0' ? lhat any path, in life would be nothing but constant re- ? joicing and one hymn of praise. Yet in one month I ha' ? to contemplate the silence of desolation. Those hopes w MM vs-bidtt 1 clung were not struck down in. the excitement ot ? atonn or the crash of a wild wrecking ; they simply died out tram before me with remorseless quiet— *hey sunk away like imiMKe, and I 'was left alone. My joys lay sirewn like the flowers of a past year, and they passed from me intothe perpetual darkness that covers all things lost in life, when memory took me back to them and showed the ruin and the mesent loneliness, it was like the store of a life desecrated, and the most sacred ^tenants' of the heart defiled and be m ired I wished for death with a passionate longing ; I med for release and rest with frantic prayers, but the ruin lav there with its stem teachings, and I doubted if God and justice were not empty words, and creeds but lies. The outlines of that wreck were clear and vivid, and the love with the beauty it held, and the prospect it gave was sharp and shattered at my feet. Time softened it ; the veil of ?years gathered about it all slowly and tenderly, and thus the thoughts of them came down bearing incense. These memories are as strong now as they were then, but they are softened and dim behind me. The mind is bent un knowingly to new hopes, and the world goes on bearing the mourners kindly with it.' .,..„. The blast swept by, and the waters wailed past them. The quick mournful cries of birds mingled with the noises, and the sun lined banks of clouds with crimson flame. Mrs. llivers' words reached her listeners like what they were — the utterances of a lifetime, and Helen could only look out before her with an emotion that was like inward weeping. Spent waters crept up towards them, and stole back again dismally, and the brown rocks gleamed redly. Helen turned towards her mother with a half ?pleading gesture. * ' But are we not anticipating misfortune, and are you not raising ghosts of a past that may never come ? ' ' Mychild, disappointment and sorrow are so continu ously woven about us all that they are a necessary part of our training here. Could I see at that time that what I speak of was but a chastening, and that before long I should bow my head to the justice and the mercy of it Y Could I tell what the years had in store for me, and the benefit of those memories to me now ? How could I tell, in the thought lessness of my youth, that those sorrows were but sent to slacken my hold of earth and win lay hopes beyond it ? But so it was. The man and the woman who have not felt sorrow have not been strengthened.' Fitzgerald rested back upon the wall of stone, showing showing the trouble on his face. Mrs. Mivers forgot there were those to whom the loss of hopes like Fitzgerald's is not chastened by years, and their Yearning only speaks the louder of the possibility gone, because they are lost. It is such for whom the wreck is complete. It is to those only that the argosy sinks, leaving the lonely 6ea with never another sail upon its waters till the night comes. There are those whose sorrow and loss neither absence nor time can soften; they stand on the ruin that is left them, and see thereafter but the one hope less horizon. Some men, like some women, have only one love to give away, and they give it. Hcltn turned from her contemplation. 'Such a shame as that you speak of I am surely brave enough to meet ; aud is it not, at most, the weighing of happiness against the worst possibility you have described ? And what is it at that wor6t? *A fihame it cannot be to mo; an unhappiness, perhaps. But you have just told us that trouble makes us strong.' -? My dear, we do not know this father who has a claim on Bryan. Ho may consider it his duty to interfere _ and pssert his authority. He may demand of us that the inti macy go no further.' Miiis Mivers' face reddened as she turned it seaward again. Bryan Fitzgerald laughed sternly. ' Give my happiness to the keeping of one who deserted me from my birth, and left my mother, for aught he knew, to starve in obscurity ! An explanation will be asked by the son not demanded by the father. He has less claim upon me than any man who walks your streets, Mrs. Mivers. Claim ! He has done a wrong to me personally, and again .to me through my mother. Why should he assume authority ? ' ' I cannot deny what you say, from your point of view ; bnt the world must be considered. You have not known each other so very long that parting, if need be, should be fraught with so much unhappiness ; and you must know, Mr. Fitzgerald, that I am but studying my daughter's interests.' . ' I know you are, and it is that feeling which takes away my strength. But 6urely, Mrs. Mivers, you will weigh our happiness against the world's opinion.' ' I promise you faithfully to do that, and you, in your turn, must promise that you will not seek each other's society till this riddle has been made clearer.' Bryan's eyes spoke to the girl before him while he gave his promise, and 6he put her hand in his and said good bye. He bent over her. ' I can never renounce my claim, Helen. No matter what may come, I am yours always.' And with melody in her speech, she echoed his words, ' Always.' They walked homewards across the wind, that shoul dered and shook them as it blustered on, and they left the rage of the sea, the fiery bars of the struggling sun, aud the rolling hills of clouds. ******** That evening Fitzgerald said, ' I can't tell, Brown, what reason my mother had for making yon give that promise concerning my father, and you will of course be able to judge of her wishes in this respect. Whatever they are, they must be observed, but the present appears to me to be the most important occasion of my life.' 'Wot present, lad?' 41 1 have just parted from Miss Mivers and her mother. The latter refuses to let us see each other any more till this half-told story is cleared up.' 'Wot half-told story?' ' I repeated to Mrs. Mivers what you told me ; and, not knowing who my father is, or what may be his character or position, she declines to let her daughter remain on terms «f intimacy with me, whose father may be a dissolute, worthless character ; and the probabilities are that he is all this, or he wouldn't have left my mother and me to starve ; he certainly would not have let her live with a dishonouring suspicion on her. If he was an honourable man, why did they live apart? If he is one whom I might be proud of, ?why did he forsake us ?' ' That's a question might take a long time for to answer. He thought yer both dead.' ' But how did you come to know him and his thoughts?' Mr. Brown replied with some sternness, ' I hev lived in these colonies a long time. I know most of them wot was here early, rich an poor. He wera't nothin the worse for knowin of Jim Brown.' ' 1 am sure he was not, and I did not mean what you imply ; but it seems very hard that* after his desertion all these years, I should Buffer through him now.' ' Aye, lad, somehow it'll look hard t' you. But I pro mised her, an that promise '11 be kep. Ye know it will, Bryan, as well as 1 do — till the time comes. It aint come yet.' ******** That night, while the storm blew, Helen Mivers came to her mother's bedroom. ' If Bryan's father should be all you suppose, and if we must see each other no more, I think,' she said quietly, ' my heart would break.' Her face showed fear rather than wear of sorrow. She had yearned for some word of hope, and came for it dejectedly, as for a dole. ' I know this is weakness, and I thought I was strong, but I cannot help it.' - Her long hair was flowing round her shoulders, while her mother looked on her and smiled sadly. 'Dear child, I will not risk your happiness too far. I promised that, but you are proud enough to bear, if need be. I only pointed out the probability.' The daughter's voice shook as she asked, ' And if it is to be so, am I strong enough ? If I were only strong when I think of him and the repose of his presence gone from me. I feel as though all my happiness and love would go out and cling to him. He said he had only the one love to give, and he had given it. He has all that ever 1 shall have to give.' She put her face on her mother's breast. The wind of the night tossed upon the house, and the voices of the sea were with it filled with anger and with warnings, and then died away in gentle wailings and murmurings as of long-nursed sorrows. Chapter XLII. — In which Mr. Slater finds his Sun. Next morning, when the dawn made the horizon clear, Bryan was out to watch the sea. He had not slept, and the restlessness of the waves soothed him. There were «uters there too afraid to see an; thing but waves— afraid that in the distance might be some distressful 'sign, or that shreds of boats battered against the reefs might be visible. They were a group of strong sailor-looking men, whom not a patch of water seemed to escape ; nor a bend of the beach nor a erannic of the rocks but the sweep of their glasses rested on. Two or three of the fishermen had not come home, and it was hoped they might have landed in a safe bay some miles to eastward, but the faces of all were grave and anxious. By and by a frightened woman came up, with her hands upon her breast, and the wind flouting her thin skirts and clutching at her hair, streaming it to land ward like a pennant. More men came down, and more women, till a crowd stood gazing at the bay, and those who Bee the grouping from their windows joined them, so the numbers grew faster than the morning brightened. Fitz gerald kept his glass directed at one spot for some time. He took it away to rest, and looked again, and then joined the first comers. A few words, and all glasses were turned upon the place. No one spoke. The woman with the thin covering was looking at them in suspense. ' The boat I had a few days ago is the safest — we can choose no better,' Fitzgerald said. And they walked away over to the jetty, and preparations were at once commenced. The crowd followed, wondering, till it got about that something was floating out to sea, probably on a spar. ' It's my husband, may be,' the -woman who first came cried, with dry eyes. ' You will save him for the love of God — and the children at home asleep, and their father there!' She struck her hands together, and flung her apron over her face ; then swept it away, and looked out wildly on the sea, but could see nothing — only the wilder ness of waves. ' All ready below ? ' asked Fitzgerald, standing on the stout jetty. The men spoke from the boat, ' We want two more oarsmen, lads,' looking at the faces of the crowd. Two men came forward silently, and he sent them down. He was about to follow, when a grasp was laid on his arm. ' Bryan, are you going ? ' ' Helen, are you here ? I am going. I shall rest on your love ; till I come back, rest you on mine.' ' You will be careful ? ' ' I will be careful and brave for your sake.' She stood watching the boat swing off on the rollers, and saw him at the rudder, with the little shell poising on the waves, or hidden behind them. Some one tried to raise a cheer as she i started, but the dishevelled woman kept the people silent, and when Helen heard men speculating on the chances, she drew back unable to speak, and joined her mother. Excitement drew her forward again, till, un knowingly, she stood beside the fisherman's wife, now bending over on the gale. The sea was driven in spinning lines and ropes of foam, and beyond there was the dark speck the glasses brought near to be recognised as not of the waste or storm. Some one said anxiously, ' Where are they now ? It's an awful risk. Ah ! well done ! I can see them — steady men. Who'se at tho helm?' ' Young Fitzgerald,' answered a voice. ' Ah, I thought so. If they can't do it, no others can.' ' Wait,' spoke an old man behind, ' till they pass that far point. Look at her now — the boat will never live.' ' That boat's the best on the beach,' answers some one. ' It was her came in the -other night from the island through the cracker, and the same man's at the helm.' Helen and the fisherman's wife were abreast. The latter bent yet farther over on the storm, staring and dumb to see, and listening with a shiver to the words behind her. She lost sight of the boat once, and others asked of the men holding tho glasses if they could see it. There was no response for a minute, and the woman wailed, ' My hus band, is Heaven against you too ? Won't help be allowed to save you?' As the fisherwoman put her doubled hands upon her breast, seen and read of all men, Helen stole hers up beneath her cloak and placed them on her breast too. The human nature and human love of both spoke similarly. Mrs. Mivers came forward and placed her hand softly on the tension of her daughter's arm, but she did not turn. One little speck, that sometimes broke the continuousness of the foam, held her mute and rigid. One of the voices that had spoken before called out, 'Can you see her, Bill?' The man addressed had a telescope to his eye. ' I aint seen her this long while ; she ought to be seen yonder if she's above water. What do you make of it ? ' The man's glass was slowly moving about the place ; and every glass on the beach was upon it. ' It looks bad. The sea is awful. Nothing more or less than risking life.' The fisherman's wife was cowering round at the speakers with her hands twisting, and she made moan, ' He is my husband.' There was no movement of Helen's features. They were set as rigidly as her body, and when her mother saw her eyes she sighed and drew closer to her. Her daughter did not notice her ; she was waiting for what the men might say. ' There,' said one of the watchers, ' a bit to the left.' Tho glasses moved to the left, obedient to one common thought. ' There, again — see.' . They all saw it, and held their glasses down for a human sigh. ' Have you seen them ? ' sprang out from the crowd in many voices. The old harbour- master turned round, with his grey hairs tossing about his face, and nodded ; and there rose ahum of joy ' They must be somewhere near the place now.' The glass of the speaker was trembling with his excite ment. Helen could only watch and listen to the men. ' If that was a man they saw, he must be drowned before this,' whispered one. ' There's always a chance, he may be lashed to a spar.' ' What do you see now, gentlemen ? ' asked the fisher- ?' man's wife, dashing her hand across her eyes. ' We see the boat still, m'ani,' replies one, with sorrowful respect. ' Tell me, do you see what you saw first— the man in the waves ? ' ' We can. scarcely see the boat now, the waves are so high.' Again a voice, ' What's that ? Is that the boat? ' 'That's the boat still, well done, lads. This is worse than May two years ago, sir.' The harbour- master's hat had blown off, and he was hold ing it under his arm. ' Much worse, it is the worst sea 1 have seen, but that is the best boat on tiie beach, she ? ' The grey moustache ceased moving, and the speaker jerked his telescope hurriedly, and was silent. ' Do any of you see her ? ' A long pause. ' I have her again,' shouted one of the men, 'just off that white line of foam.' ' Helen,' her mother said, 'Helen.' Her eyes were fixed on the harbour- master's face. ' Yes, that's her, sure enough ; she's in dangerous ground now.' ' Every man there knows the spot,' remarked a deep voice ; ' none better nor Fitzgerald.' Helen looked at the speaker, and saw Brown walking abreast of the men with the glasses. One beside him let his telescope fall. ' Lend it a spell, mate.' Nearly five minutes elapsed when Brown spoke. 'I sec her; look to the left— this side the rocks— there, mates, an by ? she's coming home.' ' She's making home,' 6poke the crowd. ' Tell me, sir,' entreated the thinly- clad woman, 'did you see them stop and take anything out of the sea. That's what they went for, you know ; they went to save him. He called his boat Sarah— that's my name. Tell me if you can see him among the gentlemen. I am hie wife.' There was no answer. ' Oh tell me what you see.' We could'nt 6ee him if he was along o' 'em,' Jim Brown said. ' They are all in peril yet.' When they passed the sheltering headland all could see the boat shooting up skyward upon the waves, with her keel half bared, and plunging downwards again into the troughs. Men with faces that had browned below the winds and suns of that coast were anxious. While thus, Brown said, ' There's something in Ihe boat with them.' Against the wind, and through the noise of the surf, the fisherman's wife heard him. ' Is it a man, sir. tell me that?' ' Like enough a man, but the rowers hide him, an he's hard to see.' All grew plainer every time they bent to their oars. Tlio boat seem*l walking in on its steadily moving legs like some creature of the sea gallantly riding above it and through it, and nearing shore, till the noise of the oars could almost be heard. Again the crowd would have cheered, but they did not know whether the still figure lying at the feet of the workers was dead, and the wife was there asking if they thought he was. Brown stooped and took a brandy bottle from a messenger, then hurried to where the boat shot out upon the smooth sand with its living freight. The wife ran down too, and the crowd made way before her battling, till she stood beside the thwarts, and saw them lifting the man out from below the seats. ' Tom, speak to your wife. Tell him to speak to me, sirs. F» must be drowned. He would know mjr voice if he-werei.it. Lift him up gently. My cottage is there — see, just at that point. Take him home amongst the children. There is a fire that is warm, and his bed is waiting. Come on for the love of heaven.' They forced some brandy into the man's mouth, and a quivering of the eyelids caused the spectators to say that he was alive. Then the woman knelt upon the sand, and said that God would remember this service of theirs against the time of death, and measure to them the mercy they had measured now to her and to him. Helen saw Fitzgerald standing up by the rudder with his spray -beaten hat pulled down upon his face unmovably steering to safety. She faded slowly out from the front, and when the keel struck Bhore she turned for home with her mother ; her face all a glow with a light of joy. She had seen his strong self wet with sea and his dress hustled with storm. So she carried home with her the bravest [memory of him yet. The name of the half -drowned fisherman was spoken by the people there, and an old man came out from amongst them with frightened hurry to look closely at the face. He shook so that his staff trembled while he examined the hair and face. ' Well, Slater,' asked Brown, ' wot d'ye see?' ' I see the past coming back to me, and bringing the dead with it. He left me twenty years ago, and lies senseless in men's arms now.' -» Wot?— not little Tom, is it? ' ' It's the same name, and his hair and face are like. Twentv years ago since starvation drove him out of Mel bourne', and I thought him dead. Now God has given him back. The alteration of manhood is in his hair and face, but it is the boy, Brown.' The crew were carrying him home in hisdrinpingclotb.es, nnd Fitzgerald walked behind them. The old man caught him by the hand to thank him. ' You have saved him, sir, and brought him back. He returns to me like this after twenty years. Sir, I am his father.' When the man who had been found lashed to a spar opened his eyes, he saw his little roof-tree, and lay looking at the smoked rafters trying to remember what had happened. The children were speaking in whispers, and their mother was kneeling by the bed crying and laughing above the hand she held in hers. The sight of the old man troubled the sailor till he hobbled over to askbrokenly if he were better. The reply was faint and careless. ' Do you remember,' the stranger asked, drawing a low stool forward, ' when you left Melbourne in the Glasslough for India?' ' Under Captain Whitelaw ? ' Yes, he remembered it as if but that morning when the Sarah gave him to the sea. He went on board with some things his mother had scraped together in a hnndkerchief . 'An old silk handkerchief your father once bought for you, of faded red and yellow ? ' The sailor eat up and scared at the questioner. ' Who are you?' ' When your sister Margaret came to see you go, with the fairest face and fondest eyes that ever girl had here, when your father raised his hat, glad to see you go, and wondering where the food for those at home would come from.' 'Aye, aye, but they're dead more than a dozen years ago, so they told me when I came back with money in. my pockets, to try the mines, and help them. A new house was where the old one stood that summer evening when I came up, so I turned away to face the world alone. But who are you?' ' Your father, Tom ' and the old man bent his face upon the bed. ' Your mother died in the hospital, my son, and your sister i6 somewhere in Queensland. I hope to hear of her soon, but ? I thought I was alone in the world, and you have come back to me after all this time.' The wife had risen to find the best chair ; she dusted it, and rubbed away the tears that fell from her eyes on it. 'Sit here, sir. This has been a kind day to us all. Who would have thought, when the mad morning broke, he would have been here back to his wife and children, and speaking to his father. Sit here, sir. God is good.' Whatever Slater may have felt, the simple words silenced him. The beautiful faith of the woman who had stood before the storm, speaking her despairing words with tears, led her to forget the trial she had passed. She only thought that her husband was rescued and at home, that the hands that found them bread were not below the waters, and that he who had won her ten years before was with her still. Hardships had written grooves in his features, and stamped his figure with its mark, but he was still to her the some who, with found gold and rich brown hair, had taken her from the comforts of her father's farm to settle her in the little house beside the sea. Her lot was the weariness and drudgery of life, and they never knew, those people of hers, with their cropped acres, that she was a harder drudge than the lowest in her father's household. Her husband bad for her the same fine face and sailor bearing that drew her from the sheltering roof, and 6he kept the same faith she knew when they left the church together one spring morning among the scents of wattle blossoms. ' I paid the crew for their work to-day, Tom— all except the young fellow who had the rudder. I could not offer him money ; but the time may come when I can render him some service. We never know who the sportsman may be that ca6ts the net, or the mouse that gnaws the meshes. A wrong done pursues a man and overtakes him, be his life long or short. The wrong done to me lives in you to-day, and it lives in me ; and, look you, I have my grip on the man who sent my son to sea, and your sister to be a wan derer — that killed your mother. I am going to ask him where they are, before many days are over, and show the strength that is in this old hand. I have lived for it, and the time has come.' The speaker's words were whispered, but the hatred bearing him on was capitalized on his aged face. ? ^^^ 