taraAgainst the World. Br. W. Stephens Hatward. ' « What will you stake against my hracelet,/with. She emeralds and turquoise P' said Julia, entering Satothe spirit of the affair. * My half -hoop diamond ring.' 'It is a bet!' cried Florence, laughing. ? I will Hell Mr. Walter Lawrence that I have wagered on .his horse, and he will use redoubled exertions to win.* ' The laughing expression suddenly faded from her face as she remembered that she had quar relled with the gentleman. However, she could not now withdraw, and perhaps in her heart did isot mean to be very obdurate or unforgiving-. The nest day there came a letter from Walter iLawrence. It was couched in the most humble and penitent strain :— ' I sincerely ask youirpardon, Miss Veysey, and regret I should ever have perpetrated so foolish a jpst.' I will own freely that it was wrong on my jpart — a piece of insolence unworthy o£ a gentle taian, and throw myself on your mercy for forgive ?nesg. — Your devoted lan&pemtent; servant, Walter Lawuence.' , Florence debated'wttfh herselfcin what manner she could grant the oiT,mdei'hei- pardon with the beet grace, .and finally, haringiniade up her mind, ?wrbtera short note in raply :— ?Mr. Walter Laweknce, — I have received .your notkof apology. I quite endorse what you say as to your conduct being insolent and unworthy of a gentleman. Perhaps I :tnay forgive you (con ditionally). When I was disabled at your father's house, I mad»you a silk jacket and cap for the coming steeplechase — green and.gold. See that :my colours are borne to the&ont;, and when Firefly is h*iledWiefcor/,come and ask my'forgiveness. i 'Florence Vbtsby.' : W«Bj»r!was«nraptnred da reading this note, not onlyon Account of the promised pardon, but also beoause^ofthe interest «he evinced in hie win Jiing, ? My darling Florence I^he said, apostrophising ,faer «fter kis\ung the little billet (the correct thing ifor a lover to do under tb.e circumstances, I be lieve), ' gladly do I acceptrthe conditions of pardon for my folly. Klrefly shalU'. win.mnd I shall be reinstated in youi; love.' From that day forth WaSseripassed the greater part of his time at Warwick, attending to the training of the mare. /asp* r went over once or twice too. But Jack Eorme&'.had received his cue, and the chestnut was suppose! I to bedead lame by all the world, except her-own- ir,thohorse doctor, and Bob Flinders. Jaspenwas-qui£e»unEuspici6us, and entirely off his guard ; not the.famteat idea of the truth ever crossed/his mind. Meanwhile, LordToUeinaeheJ'6lwpEe,J3althazar, rose rapidly in publics' favour. ,It *had got wind that Firefly was lame/and many1 knowing ones decided that the resulttmuBt benanieaByvictoryfor the splendid black. - Some few there were/Walter' sliinfimate'friends, who still pinned their faith to the niare, and one day, the younger brother -astonnshed Jasper by telling him to back Firefly. ?Firefly! are.you mad, WalteiS? Why, she's dead lame.' 'Ah, that -may be, baflhave fcinddea — apre- sentunentthat.she'll befell enougluto run, and, what is more, to win on the day.' Jasper laughed at the idea, andi(pat it down as an extravagant fancy of Walter's^nriio was rioted for bis sanguine disposition. At lait the eventfnl day canie ?rt-hich* should decide the fate of the* race, .and? also4that(of Lady Julia Tollemache. CHAPTER XXI. ?? JASPEB'-S DESPEBMHON., On the«rrwrning-ofthe.ra-;e, tliertMarquiB of Montserrat -drove over in his drag-and four to breakfast flt\Sir Frederick Veypey^s. He had already off eredJito-^rive Florence aind Julia to the i mce- course, and' hW promised to secure an ex cellent positiantneart£he grand- stand. The ladies accepted, end the prf^y'-coniisted.Wnly of them selves and Lord John. Shortlyafterbreakfas\\*IjordMonttseiTat watched' tie opportunity, and dre\v Lady Jdlia on one side. ?The time you named, J4ilia,' he-said 'forgiving tne ft definite answer expWs to-day. I ask you again — will you, or will you not.jaccept my hand ? and share my coronet?' 'Oh, my lord,' she ansti'ered, evasively, ead not without some einbarrassmani, lot ns postpone it till the evening — my mind-ds-so much occupied by thu race that I can.scaro.ely think of anything else. Do you know I have a wager 'with. Florence, and if Firefly -wins I shall Jose this beautiful bracelet?* ' Aral if Firefly wins,' said hisilordship, * I shall win a. large sum of money. But if Balthazar '«honid-be the fortunate horse,tyonr»t(rother will be a large winner from me.' 'Then I am sure I hope Balthazar will win,' ' Julia-said, forcing a laugh; 'for-aiy brother's sake — and mine.' ' Thank you, Lady Julia,' he*repliad, 'for your Tjood-wiehes.' 'Ah! now don't look- cross. You know it is tmly natural I should wish ^for my brother's success.' Lord Montserrat certainly did look far from pleased, but it was not-ion account of Julia's gooc wishes for her brother's horse, but because of her too obvious indifferencetto his chums, 'This evening, then. Lady Julia, shall. decide tony fate. I hope and'Arust the answer will be favourable.' ? Oh, Marquis,' shejsaid, deprecatingly, 'how SmpetuouB yoa are !' \- ( Whatever Montaerra.ttmay have though t- he said nothing, and the -even tfol' Question stood over 'till fthe evening. ; And now we will transport our readers to the -ecen« of the steeplechase. The four-horse coach of the Marquis of Montserratrwas posted on a piece of (rising ground close to the.. grand stand, whence a view of the whole courses-could be oommanded. Julia and Florence were provided with seats on ?the box, while Lord Tollemache and Montserrat stood on the roof. .There wereione or two minor races ibefore the great event, which served to accustom the ladies to the eport, and^as it were, educate their appetites. . The three brothers came-overttogether on horse tback, while the old squire .drove in the dog-cart. Walter was in high spirits and confident; and 'jasper, thinking Balthazar sure- to win, was in a igood humour. ? foureally mean to ?tartffirefly.then, -Walter?' jaeked the latter. . . ,; 'Start her? I should think-so!— nnd-ride her — land win with her.' ' What! lame as Bhe'ifir Why,-L,iniglit as wsll ^thinkto win with Yeoman here/ J)atting.=the grey he rode on the .neck as he spoke. ; Walter laughed. 'Why don't .yon ride him in !(h«race, Jasper?— he is entered— you have only to.pay the entrance-money, and go in for ?victory — -jon can borrow a jacket and cap. What do you iay p_I should like to see the fun.' ? George laughed at this,, and even Jasper joined, so ridiculous did it seem. For be it known the .grey 'Yeoman,* though entered, had never been trained^as all the brothers well knew-; he could have no chance with Balthazar or Firefly, if the latter had not been lame, as was-supposed. ? Well, wait till yon seo Firefly, Jasper.* Walter went on ; 'lame as she is, Ehe'll wont ft deal of %eating. ?Why, when did you see her, Walter P You don't .mean to Bay she goes sound?' 'I gave her a two-mile spin yesterday afternoon, my boy; she went splendidly, and cleared Aston Brook like a bird.' . 'Nfcnsease!' said Jasper, uneasily. 'Why, I saw Jack Holmes yesterday morning, and he was complaining in fine style -of the mare's lame ness.' . ? Did you see her ?' . ?No; I did not trouble to.' ' Then, as I said before, wait till you do.' Jasper was now seriously alarmed. So well had the secret been kept that he believed the mare was hopelessly lame, and had not a ghost of a chance; indeed, he thought Walter mad to start her, and 'put it down to his enthusiastic, hopeful nature. Suppose the chestnut was really fit to run — her laznsaesB of nogreat consequence— she would then have on excellent ohanoe with Balthazar, and should. ah« win, Lady Julia' would accept Lord Hontserrat. That very morning, a few minutes before starting, he had received a note from her, telling him that she was to give a definite reply to the Marquis in the evening, and concluding victory. Julia knew little about horses, and did not attach the some importance to Firefly's lame ness aa did Jasper. She had a lurking fear that the hitter was over confident, and that, after all, the race might result in the defeat of Balthazar and the victory of Firefly. How well-grounded that fear was will' bo seen by the sequel. 