THE CASE OF GEORGE PLUMRIDGE Elsewhere we print a second communi- cation from George Plumridge, replying to an article upon his case which appeared in our morning contemporary of Friday. The letter itself so completely demolishes in all its main points the laboured defence set up for the police that we should have been content at this stage to have let the matter rest without further comment from us had it not been that our own action has been impugned. Where our contemporary obtained the information which prompted him to interpose we do not know, but we presume it was from the Police Department. Of coarse if that branch of the service chooses to make a particular newspaper the channel of its communications with the public we can not help it ; but it must not complain if, when its proceedings are challenged, its case is not put by other journals so forcibly as it could wish. It has been our almost invariable practice when complaints of a Government officer or of a Go- vernment department have been sent in to us to seek an explanation from the person accused before publishing them. That rule was observed in this instance. A gentleman from our oftice saw the Inspector of Metropolitan Police, ascertained from him that Plumridge so far as he knew was a perfectly respectable man, and also learned from him that he considered nothing else could have been done than had been done. Had the Inspector wished to make any more defi nite explanation it was open for him to have done so, but in the absence of this we felt amply justified in denouncing the whole proceeding a gross infringement of the liberty of the subject. Whether the police are entirely responsible for this, or whether the law and the system of administering it are partly to blame, we cannot say ; the fact remains that an outrage upon justice has been committed. Taking it that the police had no alternative but to act as they did, wherein does that mend matters 2 Does it not rather intensify the grievance, and render more urgent the necessity for that enquiry which we insisted upon ? Is it to be borne that because of a faulty system a respectable citizen pursuing his ordinary calling should on the charge of a mere boy be arrested, for what?— for stealing a trumpery article openly paraded at the front of his cart ! — that after being had up before the Police Magistrate and remanded ? he should be taken in custody to his place of residence ; that he should have to submit to theindignity of having his house searched as if he were a proved felon or a notoriously suspicious charac- ter ; that, in spite of the unanimous testimony of his neighbours establish ing his innocence, he should bo taken back to the lock-up, and confined there for two days, to the injury of his business, to tho distress of his family, and to his own humiliation, only ia the end to be released on the ground of there being no shadow of a case against him 1 There are instances in -which, . whatever may be the state of the law, it is at times unavoidable fox the in nocent to suffer a severe penalty for being unjustly accused ; but that defence cannot be pleaded in this case. Whether the system as it exists requires it or not, neither the safety of the community nor the interests of justice demanded tbat Plumridge should havo been treated as he was. But, after all, does the system require it ? We feel sure that it docs not. Even assuming that the police had no alternative but to arrest Plumridge, what right had they to search his premises ? The only excuse put forward in their behalf is that a number of articles had been missed from the East-End Market ; but is that any reason why a man known to be respectable, able to establish by the testimony of his neighbours his innocence of the paltry charge preferred against him, should have to submit to this ignominious process I But even assuming that it is, ought not tho polico to have aided Plumridge in obtaining his releaso upon bail at tho earliest possible moment at which they had reason to believe that the charge would not bo substantiated I Tho force exists quite as much for tho pro tection of the innocent as for tho punishment of evildoers, and u cruel wrong was done to Plumridgo ii detaining him for days as a prisone: at the lock-up. Thus much we have felt it necessary to say now in justification of our action. Wo utterly dissent from tho conclusion of our contemporary that the police, upon the facts which have been made public, are free from blame, and wo are glad to know that further enquiry is to bo mado into the circumstances. Every member of the community is interested in seeing that the force, while receiving loyal sup port in the performance of their duties, are not allowed to overstep with impunity the limits of reasonable authority and use the great power entrusted t- them for the good of tho public as an engine of oppression. Tbb Chief Secbrtahy. — The Hon. Wm. Morgan left for Mtlixmice on yridny Jnly 25, . and returned to Adelaide by the steamer South Aujtralian on I'riday iaoriiing, Augutt 1. The New Ockan Mail Cuktkact. — The Chief Secretary, who has just returned from a very brief visit to Melbourne, whilst there ha-l au interview with the Chief Secretary of Victoria (Hon. Griihara Kerry) on the subject of the new mail coutntct entered int» by tbo Government of th.it colony mid the P. U O. Coir.par-y. Mr. Morgan requested iu the first place that the Government of South Anstralia should l-o admitted aa parties to Vbo contract, but this Mr. litrry ponitively declined. Mr. Morgan theu urged that this colony should be ?llowfd to tihiire in the mail service oa reason able 1«-rmi, ami made several sug^fBiions, which Mr. lierry agreed to consider, but the latter gave to definite promise with regard to tho matUr. Svt'TII AUSTRALIAN DlAUO.TD CtlJfPAHT.— A prospectus has been published of a Company which it ia proposed to form to search for diamonds at Echucga. Captain John Warren, who las taken out several claim*, is the pro rr-oter, and Mr. C. J. Co&t--;« is the Secretary. The nominal capital is £.':,500, consign.,' of 28,000 shares at 2o. GJ. each, the «ppheati'jn ttn.i allotment fees being threepence each per *hare. Tss EAiJTFAii.-The depth °f ra!n r-?S»ter9d bt the Observatory last mouth w;i» 31-J5 j.j-Ii-m, being 0 442 (or nearly liaJf an inch; abovo the general average of the previous forty years, lh - total during the first seven mouths of tl:n y--a- hw been 11-006 inebe*. Thiy ii 5 372 inehe les* than the reKi*ter.-a d-pth during the cor rtspondiDg period of last year, and 1 00'.- nidus below the general avtrs£e EorTH ACSTJUIIAN TTVOCHAI'HICAI 8,-nBTT. —The annual meeting of this Society will bo held in the Labour Leslie Hall this eventu^. SWMHH Coxntr nt Bisce.— Their Honor the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Gwynne, and Mr. Justice Boucaut sat in Banco on Friday, August 1, and granted leave to appeal trom the decision in Simms t. Habich to the Privy Council; directed mode of trial in re the matter of Joseph Bogera, an insolvent ; ordered the appellant in the Equity suit of Dobson 7. Dobson to paythe costs of the defendant trustees on the appeal ; re fused a rule nisi to set aside the nonsuit; in McQuairie v. Jonas, an appeal from Jamestown Local Court ; made absolute the decree nisi for divorce in ths suit of Mary Gilmour Langman v. James Gilbert Langman, and granted an order giving the petitioner permanent custody of her child, and an order for perminent alimony. After the disposal of this business the Court adjourned sine die. Adhlaidb asd Glktblo Railway Traffic. —The Chairman and Directors of the Adelaide and Glenelg Bailway Company waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on Friday, August l,to ask the Government to introduce a Bill giving the Company running powers over a portion of the Nairne and Port Kail ways into tte North-terrace .Station. Mr. Tswnsend ex plained that there might be difficulty in passiaj & private Bill this session, ewing to the notices required, and to the Select Committee to which it would have to be referred. The Commis sioner said the Government could not introduce such a Bill, nor did he think they could allow the Glenelg Company's trains to run into the Government station at all, unless the Company would themselves pay for the construction of an extra line, which would be required over a portion of the distance, owing to the very large nnmber of trains th'ere would be whea the second lice to the Port was opened, and when the Nairne and Holdfast Biy traffic came into the North-terrace Station. He would, however, rail for another report from Mr. Pecdleton, and, if practicable, he would meet the deputation by allowing some of their Company's trains to have the same privileges as those to be given to the Holdfast Bay Company's traffic. Jockey Club Cositaht.— The adjourned extraordinary meeting of this Company for the confirmation of resolutions for the purchase of the fee simple of the Morphettville Course was held at noon on Friday, and under the 57th Article of their Association, which allows such a meeting to transact business after one ad journment, irrespective of the number of shareholders present, the resolutions were confirmed. As only the Chairman, Secre tary and one member of the Company was present the question of amalgamation could not tie raised, but we believe there is some talk of the Company proposing in the event of the Jockey Club taking shares up representing their liability the Company should pay their liabilities to the Bank besides letting them off the payment of £600 due for rent. Capb NoKnmiBE&LAXD; Lighthouse. — A rsport was read at the Marine Board meeting, held on Friday morning, August 1, from the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties regarding the Bafety of the lighthouse at Cape North umberland. For some time past there has been some apprehension as to whether this lighthouse was not being undermined by the sea, and the Engineer of Harbours accord ingly paid a visit tc the structure on July 4. He was unable to get at the base of the cliff on which the lighthouse stands, but he obtained a good view of it from the neighbouring rocks, and found that the action of the sea combined with small flinty boulders was gradually wearing away the soft sandstone of the cliffs on which the lighthouse stood. The cliffs were cut into by these agents until the upper portion overbalanced and fell. Mr. Hicksou said it was impossible to fix any date as to when the light noose would be endangered, but he did not think it would be for some time to come. He expressed himself as more anxious regarding the separation of the three rocky promontories in which the lighthouse was erected than the subsidence of the cliffs, one of them being already cut off from the mainland, and so made an bland. He had made a careful inspection of the neighbouring coast, and suggested that the sew lighthouse should be built at Cape Dpuglis, the rocks there being very much harder 'than at Cape Northumberland. The Marine Board resolved to pay a visit to the coast themselves and select a site. Gas Beacoss, Post Biveb. — The Engineer Harbours and Jetties has reported to the Marine Board that Gas Beacons Nos. 1 to 10 would be ready for lighting on August 1, but that Nos. 11 and 12 would not be ready by that date, owing to the shifting nature of the sand in which the mains were laid. He suggested that the beacons which were ready should be lit, as it would enable the silt barges to come up the river at night, which they could not do at present, and would thus facilitate dredging operations. The Board at its meeting held on August 1 expressed their acquiescence in Mr. Hickson's request. Thb Stdhht EsuiBmos. — The Northern Argutwntea in reference to the forthcoming Sydney International Exhibition :—' We have seen splendid samples of wheat grown on Mr. J. H. Angaa's Hill Kiver Estate, which will be exhibited; also different wools from the Hill Biver flocks. Mr. C. Kimber and Mr. J. Howie, our local millers, will be competitors in flour. Mr. Kimber will also be an exhibitor of dried fruit. It is to be hoped that this colony will not be far behind Victoria and New South Wales in the number and quality of her ex hibits.' Destttctr Ahtlum. — A concert was given on Thursday evening, July 31, to the Destitute Asylum people, in the Asylum Church, North tcrrace, by Misses L. and F. Fuller, Misses A. and M. Lindsay, Miss Solomou, and Miss Hodgkins, together with Heesra. W. H. Hussey, A. Champion, and Joseph Sharp. Mr. J. SI. Solomon, J.P., wai Chairman. At the close a hearty vote of thanks was given to the Chair man and Mr. Arthur Lindsay (the Superinten dent), and those who took part in the enter tainment. KOTAiCaowif Mikwo CoirPAjrr.HEAxncoTE.— The Manager reports having accepted a contract to sink fifty feet in the Adelaide Shaft, and there are . now six men employed at the Bal moral Shaft, from which they expect to raise crashing stuff in about three weeks. It is also contemplated to erect a crushing plant on the Thb Fixrsebs Glhb Ci.cb. — The first concert given by this club was held in the Institute Hall, Port Augusta, on Tuesday, July 29. The concert was considered the best that had eve been given by amateurs in Port Augusta, and the audience and performers passed an enjoyable evening. Of the glees, ' The Carnovale,' ' See our oare,' and 'The men of Harlech' wera especially admired; as well as the solo 'Carissima' and ' Kemember,' by Messrs. Shore and Plnmmer. The trio, * Hark, tis the bugle' sound,11 was given with cornet obbligato ; and 'Drink to me only with thine eyes,' unaccom panied. 'The Bold Genad'armes'' duet wai encored. The reading*. ' Sam Welkr's love letter* and Mark Twain's ?? Touching story of George 'Washington's boyhood,' caused much amusement. The Rev. E. C. Spiccr acted as conductor. Furs Obaxoes. — Mr. Biluey. of Athelstone has left at our office a number of enormous navel oranges, grown on a young tree in his garden. Six of these oranges weighed over 7 lb , and each measured more than a foot in cir cumference. The skin when cut was not so thick as the size of the fruit would lead one to believe, and the flavour was excellent. The tree producing these fine specimens is not a large ecu, and bore an excellent crop. ? Sc»rB Lasds.— Our Ardrossan correspondent says:— 'The experiment of bringing some of the scrub lands on the Peninsula under the Scrub Lands Act has been so far satisfactory/a* witness the fact that all the lots recently offere.l were -disposed of at satisfactory prices. This should encourage the Commissioner of Crown Lands to bring the remainicr of these lands under this AcC I notice that there are in Mait land, Mullowurtie. auj Cunningham lluutireus nearly 100,000 acres of scrub lamia open for selection, which, if brought under the Scrub Lands Act, would all be selected.' CcKTAtESCKST HoiiB. — The annual meeting of subscribers to this institutioa was held on Friday. August 1, under the presidency of His Excellency the Governor. Miss Hart, the Hon. Secretary, read the annual report, which showed that lOd persons had been admitted into the Home during the year. 1 Acceptances fob thb DrtE's Birthday Back;. — These acceptances will be found in another column. The retiring horses are Frank Hewitt, Kangaroo, Hamlet, Oyster-shell, and Leo from the Hunters' Handicap Hardies; Eosebank and Boss, in addition to Sheet Anchor and Sleight-of-Hand, from the Hunters' Hiadi cs p Steeplechase ; and Kocket from the Hunters' Fist Race. ; The acceptances in the Royal Handicap and Handicap Flutter are at scale. LtsCH f AillLX BEliELStJEltS.— This company dxiiing ice ensuing week will visit Laura, Ju i b we, and Fort Augusta. White's Room?.— The entertainment now b*ic£ gfr«nby Mr. CArey Bead, at ' White** Ecczes. was zegeasei jeaterday- evwiing to a fur l- raber cf. spectators,, and met with frequent at .1 dtTsonntrative rcarks of approbation frota tiro*** rn-ient. -The Ghosts -wiir n'ppear agun ?c-Eight. and are particularly anxious that (tc{Je shield go to see them. ??-' Thb HritT CtCB — The bounds will throw off at iliitci. this af terrooa. OrftHuiQ MUHHTTHB OH StJOTAtB.— A public meeting was held at the Hindmnrnh Institute ra Friday evening to protest against the motion brought forward in the House of Assembly by Mr.Frasor,M.P.,in respect of the desirability Jf opening museums, institutes, and libraries on Sundays The meeting was convened by the Ittayor of Hmdmarsh in response to a requisition 'Sped by a nnmber of ratepayers. It waa :laimed that Hindmarah was a working man's iistnct, and that an expression of opinion from such a quarter was entitled to special con sideration. The working men there only aesired to be let alone, and, if the meeting was not a packed one ; the residents certainly repudiate the championship by Mr. Fraser of the cause of the working man. The arguments asei by the speakers were not remarkable for Force of reasoning either for or against the question. Resolutions in favour of the desira bility of ' maintaining the rest of the Sabbath intact' were carried, although the meeting was somewhat divided in opinion, and a petition is being signed for presentation to Parliament in iccordance with such resolutions. The members for th- district, and Mr. Coglin, M.P., were present, but refrained from entering into the discussion. Both of the former were, however, afforded an opportunity of addressing themselves to the question when replying to a vote of thanks accorded to them by the meeting, md each carefully declined to pledge himself to any particular course of action, electing to bow to the wishes of the majority of the electors when such wishes were definitely expressed. Nevertheless, each expressed himself a3 being personally in favour of opening such institu tions on Sunday, and as not having heard any arguments advanced either at the meeting or elsewhere of sufficient weight to indnce him to change his opinions on the subject. Oddfeixowseip. — At a late meeting of the Hope Valley Lodge, G.U.O.O.F., it was resolved to adopt one of the suggestions made at a Con ference of the members of the Order held about a year ago, namely, to have an open meeting occasionally. Thursday evening, July 31, was fixed upon for one of these gatherings, and at S o'clock, the routine business having been dis posed of, it was resolved to suspend the other business and open the doors to strangers. Owing to another meeting being held in the neighbour hood the attendance of visitors was not so large aa was expected, but still there were enough pre sent to warrant a repetition of the experiment. The Chairman, after a few introductory remarks, in which he referred to the novelty of strangers being present at a Lodge meeting, and to the benefit* he anticipated would result from such an invitation, introduced G.M. W. C. Calder, who read a paper entitled ' Twenty-four Hours in a Newspaper Printing Office.' The reader detailed in a plain thongh not altogether unprofessional manner, the various details connected with the getting out of an evening and morning paper, the prepara tions made for the opening and closing of Par liament, the arrival of an English mail, and an explanation of telegraphing by code words. To illustrate the last mentioned matter he read a London telegram in cypher and the same telegram rendered into intelligent English. He concluded with an interesting description of many of the details ef a printing office. The paper was listened to with attention, and at the close a cordial vote of thanks was awarded to Mr. Calder, oh the mation of P.G.M. G. F. Ind, who said the idea of holding occasional open meetings originated with the present G.M., and he believed bow that the barriers which had hitherto prevented strangers from attending meetings of Oddfellows had been thrown down, the usefulness of these institutions would be promoted. D.G.M. W. H. Ind expressed the hope that the time waa not far distant when the so-called secrets connected with all Friendly Societies would be abolished. The G.M. suit ably replied. A reading from Dickens and a few songs were contributed, and a pleasant hour was spent, after which the visitors retired and the Lodge closed in the usual manner. During the evening the District balance-sheets were distributed, from which it appeared that the Hope Valley Lodge is the richest in the District, being worth £8 6s. Sd. per head. Consequent on this it has been resolved to increase the sick pay to £1 per week. Thb Octeh Bah.— According to a report of the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties the channel of the outer bar has been dredged to a depth of twenty feet at low water spring tides, and a width of 300 feet. The Scfposbd 'Wreck ok thb South-East Coast. — The Marine Board decided on Friday, August 1, to ask the Commissioner of Police to instruct troopers to patrol along the beach in the direction of Carpenter's Kocks, where a schooner is supposed to have been wrecked. Sorrn Australia* National Rifle Asso ciation. — A notice elsewhere intimates that members of the Association muit pay their subscriptions before the 6th instant, to avoid legal proceedings being instituted. Football. — The Association matches for to day are Kensingtons v. Victorians on the Kensirgton Oval, and South Parks v. Ports at Glanville. We may mention that Mr. G. S. Fowler, M .P., has forwarded a cheque for £5 5i. to the Association to aid in defraying the ex penses connected with the visit of the Geelong team. Susriciors Fikb.— An inquest was held by the City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) at the Hamburg Hotel on Friday afternoon, August 1, on a fire which occurred at the premises of Mr. Parks, baker, of Rundle-street, on July 22. After three witnesses had been examined the case assumed a somewhat suspicious character, and the Coroner remarked that he thought it was only fair, in justice to Edwin Parks, to have the enquiry adjourned to enable him to have a lawyer present on his behalf. The enquiry was accordingly adjourned till Monday next. Rbv. B. V. Basse. — Among the passengers from Melbourne by the s.s. South Australian, which arrived on Friday, is the Kev. R. V. Danne, pastor of the St. Kilda Congregational Church, who has come on a short visit to the colony. A Boat Focjto.— The Harbour Master at Glenelg reports to the Marine Board having found an empty boat on the beach, about five miles south of the jetty. It appeared to be a coaster's boat, and had been used for carrying lime. THB^LiQroR Law Commission.— The members of this Commission will hold their final meet ing on Monday, and their report will be pre sented to the Government daring the week. South Australia* Jockry Club. — The annual meeting of the South Australian Jockey Club was held at White's Arbitration- Room on Friday, August 1, Mr. C. H. T. Hart presiding. The accounts for the past year were adopted also a resolution empowering the committee, in the event of the failure of negotiations for amalgamation with the Jockey Club Company, to negotiate with 'any other Club or Clubs' formed for carrying on racing in or near Adelaide. It was stated that, except a change were made in the present czraogement, the committee would hardly carry on locgtr than the Spring Meeting. Railway Employes.— The Kammda Herald writes : — ' It would seem as though railway em ploj es are not sharing in the general boons of short hours and consideration for their comfort which employe's in other departments are accorded. It is not long since accidents were recorded as having happened on various parts of the line to a porter, a stoker, and a points reap, all of whom had been on duty for a period which would astonish the advocates of the eight hours system; and yet in no branch of the Etrvice is it more important that the men should whilst on duty have 'all their energies and wits in full working, for on their vigilance depends tot only the safety of valuable property, but also of still more valuable human life. Another instance has just come under our notice in which one of the firemen, earned SLvw, who was em ployed oa the Ko: ill- West Bend line, his lest his life from caurti iu regard to which the dtpartment is net altogether blameless. As must of our readers are aware, the train reaches Morgan between 10 and 11 at night The stoktrs have as yet had no proper place pro vided for their sleeping accommodation. True, teniers have now been called for the erection cf the necessary sheds, but in the meantime the lEtn, after being exposed to the intense heat of the eDgices, have to sleep in a tent. The teat we believe is a comfortable one of its kind, but during the recent cold weather, situate aa it is clcse to the banks of the Murray, it will readily be admitted it was hardly the kird of quarters that should have been provided for luen following so trying an avecation as that of engine-atokin'. In this case the man caught cold, fever ensut-d, and on Saturday his illness resulted fatally, a wUasr and several children being thus left unproviJeJ for. The case Living resulted thus sadly, the Government we think should at the least do icmt-thing to aid the distressed family.' AceiDKXT Norwood Team-tat. -On Friday tcorning an accident happened on the Kensing tcn and Norwood Tramway. A? one of the cars waa being driven along Rondle-street westward, a hcrse attached to a can, which waa goio,: in aa opposite direction, became restive and «an:e into edition with the tnmcar. Ose of tht shafts of the cart was forced through the witdow, smashiug the gliss and framework, which fell in a shower over Hr. Charles Fi-fcer, J.P., who happened to b« inside. Mr. fitter mstained a few braises on the hand and fzee, but was cot seriously hart. A woman wto was in the cart was thrown out and a good dial (haken. Football Match in Fancy Costumes.— A match between theatrical players and the Norwood Club will take place on the Exhi- bition Ground this afternoon. The theatricals, who will appear in fancy costume, have amongst them several old players from the Carlton, East Melbourne, and Albert Park Football Clubs in Melbourne, They are :— Sothern, Hailes, and Gibbons (Carlton) ; Frahm (East Melbourne) ; Vivian and Harrison (Albert Park). The following is the list of the Theatrical team, and the costume each will wear :— H. Sothern, Josephus Orange Blossom ; A. Vivian, Eccentric Vocalist; G. Gibbons, Richard III; F. Forbes, French Zouave; J. O'Neill, Policeman ; J. P. West, Danny Mann ; G. Carey, Touchstone; J. Martin, Mother Wriggley; F. Eedman, Hamlet; H. Frahm, Clown; W. Earl, Harlequin; — Nunn, Negro Minstrel ; K. Walters, Mounted Police ; F. Hailes, Silly Billy ; F. Harrison, Chinaman ; L. Peterson, Garibaldi; — Griffiths, Romeo; — Gaggan, French Spy ; J. Haines, Soldier ; J. Dooner, Pantaloon. The Norwood represen- tatives are H. C. Burnet, W. Bracken, H. Blin- man. W. H. J. Dedman (captain), E. Farmer, W. Giffen. R. Giffen, T. W. Green, H. Jury, T. Letchford (vice-captain), F. Letchford, E. Liston, A S. McMichael, S. McKee, J. Pollock, J. Traynor, W. Terrell, A. Terrell, F. Terrell, A. Tomlinson. Fatal Accident.— An accident which proved fatal to a child two years of age, named Eveline Ruthven, occurred at Keut Town on Friday afternoon. At that time the child was playing with others near Allen's Corner when a tramcar turning round the corner of Beulah-road on to Kent-terrace knocked her down, the driver not being able to pull up his horses in time to avoid the catastrophe. The child was taken to the Hospital, but died aboat an hour after her ad mission to that institution. An inquest will be held at the Hospital at 2 o'clock to-day. South Austhaliah Yacht Club.— The usual monthly meeting of this Club was held at the Ship Inn, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening, August 1. In the absence of the Commodore, the Treasurer (Mr. W. Christie) presided. Dr. Wilson and Mr. A. C. Threlfall were elected members of the club, and one new member was proposed. Casualty Hospital at Poet Adblaidb.— The Port Adelaide Corporation passed a resolu tion on Friday evening, August 1, that the Government be asked to place £1,000 or any larger sum it might think fit on the Estimates for the establishment of a Casualty Hospital in Port Adelaide. Legal.— Mr. H. Lloyd Whittell has com menced the practice of his profession on his own account in Adelaide. The Walkiko Ooazb.— ' Emily Faithful,' in the London Express, has some good remarks on the mania for pedestrianism which has lately been rife in England and America, and has even made its appearance in the colonies. She says: — 'In thess days we do everything in extremes, and the latest development of this feature of the times is the walking craze. We are not friends to professional pedestrianism at its best, and the practice is turned into a vice by the monstrous competitions that have now become the fashion. Recent exhibitions of ' sport' in New York, and at Agricultural Hall in London, are calculated to disgust all but the lowest betting men, and the coarse mob that regards a walking match with the same interest as that excited by a rat fight or a badger baiting. We read of men fainting, falling pros trate in sheer fatigue, of ene who had a surfeit of blood to the head, and fell in the course. One, a mere boy, was fearfully distressed, yet he struggled along, cheered by a reckless multi tude. America and England vied with one another in producing a spectacle at once brutal and unscientific Is this sport ? Certainly not, Thirty yeari ago it would have been decried in the stror gest terms ; but nowadays men (and lads, too) are encouraged to play their lives against odds for enormous stakes; nay, America has even gone so far as to enlist women in the ridicu lous contest,' ai.d we hear of ' ladies' who under take terrible walking tasks, amid the plaudits of a vulgar rabble. Surely ii is time to cry, bold, enough. It is sufficiently reprehensible that men should for a few thousands prepare themselves for a middle age of hopeless paralysis; but that lads should be allowed to run the same risks is scandalous. The patrons of pedestrianism will do well to look to it before the Legislature is compelled to put walking matches in the same category as prize fights and cock fights, and make them altogether illegal.' Barristers without Robes.— A movement is on foot in Glasgow (according to Hayfcar) to check the lamentable disregard of appearances characteristic of the practising barristers in the Sheriff Court. The members of the Bar, it appears, are in the habit of pleading in tweed suits, in scarfs of all the' colours of the rainbow, and in garbs of a cut and fashion impossible to describe. The late Sheiiff.GlassforJ Bell, made a desperate effort to remedy this state of things, but without success. The Sheriff would pro bably have established the white neckcloth, but unf ertunately there was no stock of these sancti monious-looking articles kept in the Court, and agents resolutely refused to carry them out and in in.their pockets. The result was that when they came forward to plead they ' just took off their scarfs and appeared without any neck cloths, so that the whole thing degenerated into a comedy,' to the great disgust and disappoint ment of the presiding Sheriff. As for the Sowing toga, it sometimes happened that an orderly member of the Faculty bought one ; but lie soon found that it was carried off to the Criminal Court, where it was donned by Tom, Dick, and Harry, and worn to tatters. The whole subject has recently been brought before the Glasgow Faculty of Procurators, but the advocates of the piebald arrangement were in a majority, for nothing was done. A Female Ijtventoe. — The question is often asked us (says the Han Francisco Nevt Letter), 'Do the inventions of women ever amount to any thing V From our long experience with inven tors of both sexes we conclude that a larger proportion of inventions patented by women prove useful and profitable than those of the sterner sex. We see by the New York Hun that the Metropolitan Elevated Railway Com pany have selected a device, from the many that have been under consideration, for lessening the noise of trains, and that it is the invention of a Mrs. Walton, of this city. The plan consists boxing the rails in a mixture of sand, tar, and cotton, and has been under test for two months on several blocks of the road in Sixth-avenue. The ringing of the wheels on the rails, which makes a large part of the objectionable sound, is considerably deadened. She gets, according to the Sun, 510,000 for the use of the invention oa the Metropolitan line, and the Company is to control its adoption on other roads, paying her a royalty. Taxihg SorwDiyas at Sea. — The following from The Marine Engineering Xeirs will be of interest to nautical readers: — 'Two recently invented instruments for taking soundings at sea, while exhibiting great okill and ingenuity in their inventors, will materially add to the s-ifety both of ships and seamen. One of them is Dr. Sitmens'n bathometer. It is constructed with refertnee to the fact that the total gravita tion of the earth diminishes in passing over the set face of the ocean in the exact proportion of the depth of the sea to the radius of the earth. By its means tbe captain sitting in his cabin can tell to a nearuesj the average depth of the waters over which he is 8ai!n:ges easily as he can tell the pressure of the atmosphere by his barometer; and by a reference to his chirti he may also learn his position; when no direct observation can be made. The other instrument is founded on chemical science, and by it Sir William ThomDson enables the navigator to obtain accurate soundings from a ship running at full speed in water of a depth not exceeding 100 fathoms. When the sinker reaches the giound, no matter what length of line may have been payed out, the alteration of colour in a tube lined with chromate of silver shows Low far the pressure of the superincumbent water haa forced up the water in the tube. With these two instruments, either in the open ocean or off the more dangerous shore, the seaman may cow proceed on his voyage with the utmost confidence.' Cheap Cattle. — The Gippsland Mercury of July 22 reports: — 'Those who purchased un claimed stock at the Pound yard3 last Wednes day have eo need to complain of their bargains. We hear that a steer was knocked down for 3s., while a bullock weighing about 700 lb. fell to the cod of a Sale butcher for Is., and a six moDths-old calf was appropriated by an ex publican at the very high figure of Id. !' Turkeys. — There have been many complaints in Breconfhire (says an English paper) about the difficulty of rearing turkey*, and many and various are the plans adopted in feediag their yourg. The common practice of giving bread is very objectionable, though soaked in milk. Curds and hard-boiled eggs are the best possible for turkey poulte, and it should be given to them very esxlj in the morning, and of course trey are fed by hand. There ii an absurd notion that if two or three hens' eggs are Latched with the poults the young chickens will ttach them to eat, an idea for which there is no foundation. Those who mean to be successful in rearing turkeys must submit to a little trouble at first, or the attempt will be a failure. It will cot answer to pat too many eggs under one hen turkey, and as soon is they are hatched the poults should have & pepper-corn or two put down their threats, and be kept aa warm as pos sible, and cot allowed to be out if it is the leas wet or damp for the first month. If doe, care i taken during that period, they will look ont fo thtrcBelves afterwards, andrarely come to grief 