THE LAST PREMIER. I SAW a vision in my sleep, That gave my spirit strength to sweep Through politics and slime ; I saw the last of Berry's race Annihilated face to face With Hicks-Beach, like the angel's chase Of Adam in his prime. Victoria had a sickly glare — Her sons were wan; Black Wednesday's skeletons lay bleached Beneath his ban. He stood upon the muddy bank Of sluggish Thames, his spirit sank To rise no more, The world to him was all a blank, From shore to shore. The outcasts of Australia stood Upon the verge of that dark flood, With sombre thoughts of past misdeeds Beyond the cure of priests or creeds. Home he had none, for England spurned A traitor in whose bosom burned Disloyalty to England's throne, And there the outcast stood alone. The embassy had failed. What then Remained of place and power ? The people's hate destroyed again The idol of the hour. The game was lost beyond recall— No turning back— The fall became a final fall. The scene was black. Even Pearson, Hayter disappeared For pastures new, And Mills' attendance poorly cheered The gloomy view. How did the memory of the past O'er that lorn soul its shadows cast ? And prospects of the future blast, Like broken spell Beueath the motto read at last On Dante's hell. The ghosts of civil servants flew In ghastly columns full in view, And kept his body in a stew Of perspiration ; Yet could not flee the horrid crew By levitation. He stood aghast at the fearful sight, With hair on end ; While the vision spread from left to right, And each skull was illumed with a sombre light That spirits blend. And each skull for a wig had a certain Gazette, Ail printed in blood that had not dried yet. And the fearful moans, And the shrieks and groans Of the victims of Wednesday, and rattle of bones, Seared the soul of the figure that stood On the brink of that dark gliding flood. Let the muse drop the veil O'er the thoughts that assail That lonesome gaunt outcast, despoudent and frail. " THIS is a miraculous recovery," as the dying man said when the doctor returned the fees. WE never saw a wreath of Adelaide flours 