PASTOR CIUNIQVYS'' t LEC"1TLRJL ON s.ttniuchty oveflilig laht PnatUor Chiiquv delivCeed a erture in tiio lectiiic.Itl, (oldsniithi.1iet, o " 1133 .i lttit, whlat tlhyO have been, what thtet ;.te, nod what they will be tn the end."t T.Ie chair wras tale c ! ha10t!I after eight o'clelt by tlce lit:r. dIi. T'ail. 1'cc attecidance was small. At tLie opening otf the t'rocze'iies only canto siaty pehnons socro "eeceal, which racs itcrescla to orer a hundred 1 eftr a the 0a1, o f the IcainueY, Tle wtry. 31t. a:uiad clta ilm e ar . The Chairmana obscrved that it was not necessary to mako many remarks in introducing the lecturer, as ho 0was so well known. lIe 0was glad to see him back again amongst them, and if opportunity offercd he vould again visit the1 previous to bl1'aving, for home hy the wny of Adelaide. (Aplplause.) in the midst of lth" again. lIt thoughlt Salturday eneing was not a good time for deliveriug i lecture, anlll e did not expecslt that the attendance woold be large. Indeed there were lmore present than ho expected to see. lie had been1 invited t1 speak on 11he subject of the .leslits--whal t thy have benc, wlhat tilhes are, and what tlle will Ib to tile cud. .esiuitisnl is a darfk clould whifch is just 1now colming on tile Austalian horizon. It is a Invsoterious hliu. IIn H wollll lot sa' all lie Ikneiw ablult thloi, as it would be thought lhe' exagSgerated. The Jesuits had recently come into their uiillst. It was a society formed by Satan in order to paralys the e trength of the reflornlrs. Tilero were two preilciples in tile world, 1mu1lcv', Godl Alhllighlty, ood 1 nd mer01ecifl, who created the world, an1d HSatan, thle principle of evil, whose work was to destroy the workes of God. To i great extent Sata was su cessllt. iGod gives life-Siatan dleath. ied is tllli--:Saitanl is tile prilnce of liars. ly Satan's partial victory Adam and Eve fell, and mankind was condemned to die. Thoulsands of years lafterwalrds (toll sltt Jesus Christ to blrinlg life 111a light, truth 11n1d tihe gospel, to guide us in the right way; and for that our tblessed Saviour died on Calvary. Ag1ainst ou'r salvation Satan intervened. WVhen Christ died very few believed in him, though he wrought many miracles to ashov his divinityv. ''111 Christian religion spread t1rouglh ai great part of the world, and was at length accepted by millions and1 millions. Satan camle lagain to destroy man aind brought tile P'ope of lRome. Chlri:st ihad said that there was no gIuide inl the church except the Holy lGhost. To be tile lirst ill Iis church man must conme as a little child. Satan said this was not true. Great part of the churllch thou believed inl S?tan, and the Pope under Satan's auspics intro. duced idolatry oneo more under the lforn of the wafer-god, and the world went back into the dark region of night. 1Godi then brought giant saints into the world-Luther, Calvin, Iand KInox-who scattered the light again. Luther took tile aposfteat Church of Rlome by the throat aund nlmost killed her in Germlany. In France Calvin plersuadcd the majority of four millions to accept the pure religion of Christ. Ii Scotlaud Knox attacked home mighlltily. Satan cause again to destroy Giod's work, and formed the Society of the Devil, and Satan being a liar from the beginning called it tile Society of Jesus. Ignatius rhad the idea first from Satan. (The chairman ait the request of bi. Cliniquy read the secret oath of the Jesuits, in which they acknowledged the Pope 1os viear- guneral of Christ l1nd supporti.ng tile refusal of allegilnce to heretlical kings.) This had once been a secret oath, buit it had been published in 1773 13y Pope Clement, as the Jesuits llad corrupted nine tenths of tihe women in Europe. Tllreats weremlade to hang 40,000 Jesuits, and thie Pope dissolved the society in preference. Some lillfty or more years afterwards the society was re-eatablished. Ie (the speaker) did not take the connon linle inl attacking Rlome, for speakers genetrlly asserted that the Church of Rome w0ts not the church of Christ; but he had thought it best to chango the ground of con. troversy. He did not attack her by any words of his own, e dealt with tihe books of tle chulrch and with facts. lIe was 3 ropared to show that the Church of ltomo and the Jesuits are institutions of the devil. The Jesuits came to destroy truth and the plrivileges conferred by Christ on ma11n. The Jesuits caiime to make m1en abject slaves to Popery. [The lecturer here read the doctrine of obedience, by whlih men were bound to tremble blefore Idll obey te supllerior. I In Syduoy, in iEngllld, Itlld in t1le United States e ha111d hallenged cardials an1d bis11lops to refute his argouments. To be Ita good Catllolie it was neceussaoiry to comllnit the most lhorrible of crilmes, lie must ill is own intelligence, il, will, and col scietnce. \1hen V a nan votes for a calldidate for parliamout hle is dfulillll if hie does not 1 ote st, the priest directs. A Catholic is dllnned if lte reads a book forbidden by the priest. So a crinml coases to be a crime if it is commuitted by the authority of the supmiior. Henry IV know the Jesuits, brut he durst not expel tlhem for fear they would iurder him ; but lie was murdered tllouiglh le employed a Jesuit us hiis father-confessor. Tie murderer cou fessed that hoe had been instigated by a Jesuit con fesor's order. Even to-day tile Pope tremubles for fear of being poisoned as lhis secretary was shortly af(ter receiving oflico. 1I. Chiniquy read an extract from the Tablet of lith July, 1837, its to the deter mintiation of the Catholics to upllhold their loyalty to the- Holy Sco at all hazardsl; and thou read some paissages regarding the Jesuiliticl princile that if a .servingamaid or man-servant did not get a wage equal to their pretensions then they may lay liads on anything their master las to manie 111 the de fieiency. A silver spoon is gone and it linds its ilwy into the pocket of a Jesuit. Again, Escobar :says a man may hill one who gives him a box on the ou'. Thera wore fewa murders conmmitted by 1'rotestants. Murder is forbidden by the bibleo. In Englanld there were four imurders for every million of population; in llome, one hundred and osaventy:to an equal number; aind in Ireland, ninety to tle million. Tembaurin writes that a man may deny anything by a subterfuge. A manl who witnesses a murdetl can say "1 did not see it," meaning "I did not sco it before I was born." (Laughter.) - Thus Jesouits dstroy truth, justieo, and honesty. The great Napoleon heard one day that in provinces of lFrance such incredible things weoro done, and had investigatiois before a court. It was thtn proved that young girls, married womlllen, and young mllot were trained to infalllOus actions. But so maniy nobles and generals w\or involved that Napoleon domued it wise to lhush the matter up; anud it waits lshed op. In England there was i law passed by whlic Jesuits were forbidden to set foot on British soil, but the government were afraid to put it into execution. The United States see the mischief now when it is too late. The Jesuits were allowed to outer and aire destroying the land. They ore bent on making the country subjoct to the Plfp. He (f. Clliniquy) called on Protestants to rally round tilhe gospel, not to persecute or kill the Jesuits, but to pray to God to defeat the plots against the Protestant Church. MI. Chiuiquy than drews attcntioa t his lllnphlllt, written to show that Catholics worshllip the Virgin Mary, putting her above Jesus Christ. With some further general observations the lecture closed. 1Ir. Marutin, who had oiln i provious occasioa lipre sented the draft of an 11ddress to 3. Chiniquy, now handed hioi the same, beautifully ougrossed anld oruamuontd by lMr. Crook of this town. 31\. Chiniquy expressed his thlanks. The bnlicdietieln having been prononuced the meeting closed at nine minutes to ton o'clock. On Sunday morning Pastor Chliniquy conducted service in the l'resbyterian Church, the building being crowded. In tUie1 afternoon1 lie addres-edI a large etunber of Sunda"loy-schlol children in the Wesleyan Chlurhl. Iu the evening at seven hlie preached in tile a.ei1 bulilding, owhent tIe rongrogation numbered between evelln anud eighilt ]lundrd persons. The pfstilr rilerned o10 Slydney by the carly trtin on 3foild~o'inorniiug,. 