MISCELLANEOUS. In 1856 the translation of the Bible into the Russian language was begun. It was finished in 1877, and last year the first edition of 24,000 copies was exhausted. The falling off in the Riverine trade hitherto transacted with Melbourne may be estimated by the following extract from the Border Post:—' The collections for the last week in last month amounted to £376 0s 2d ; for the whole of June to £1,546 5s 9d ; and for the quarter ending 30th June, to £4,942 2s. In the corresponding quarter for last year the collections amounted to £7,505 63 Id, showing a decrease of £2,563 4s Id. A writer in Mayfatr, in discussing the subject of the existence of ghosts, relates an extraordinary story, which he says has not only made him believe in ghosts ever since he heard it, but makes him quake at the thought of them. Here is the story: — A young Frenchman who had lost his be trothed on the eve of marriage believed he saw her every night in her bridal dress. His friends, to show him the folly of his belief dressed a twin sister of the deceased in a dress pieciseTy similar and placed her at the head of the widowed bridegroom's bed exactly at the hour the spirit came. He looked up, and crying out, 'Ah cud! en volia deuxP fell back dead on his pillow. A correspondentof the Bendiffo Advertiser, writino' frnm TTornrur. ramai-lra ?__« Thin does not look like a conspiracy on the part of a Minister of the Crown and a selector to defraud. A selector in this district recently borrowed some money on his lease, for which he agreed to pay IS per cent! in terest. Finding himself in difficulties, he went to Mr. Longmore, the Minister of Lands, who informed him he would issue him another lease, and thus render the other null and void. No wonder with such acts as these, which would probably get anyone else a term of years on the roads, that selectors find a difficulty in getting ac commodation.' A leap, the like of which has never be fore been recorded, was made at Niagara F*Ua 00 the Slat of May, when a man) by name Harmon Peer, leaped from the sus pension bridge into the river beneath, a dis tance of 192ft. A scaffold, 4ft. long had been erected near the centre of the bridge and projecting over it. There were about 1,000 spectators of the feat along both sides of the bank and on the bridge. Peer mounted the platform at 20 minutes to 3 p.m., bare-headed and dressed in tights. A wiae runner ute preserver was fastened round him, reaching from the lips to beneath his arms, funnel shaped, so as not to hinder his actions in the water. A sponge was tied over bis mouth and nose, and two smaller ones stuffed in both ears ; a leather shoulder suspender, with two small brass rings attached just over the shoulders, com pleted his costume. To these rings was fastened a fine brass wire to assist him in keeping his equilibrium, and a wide elastic band was adjusted just above his knees, and another across his insteps, to prevent his feet from spreading. When all was ready, he let himself through a square hole in the platform, suspended by his bands, which he suddenly 'let go,' and made his fearful drop occupying 3 j sec. Three boats were in the river waiting to pick him up, and in one of these he was conveyed safely and un injured to the shore. On being landed he stated that 'he felt no fear.' He sank after striking the water about 11 feet ; an undercurrent in the river threw him on his back and carried him some 50ft., when he rose to the surface, hsving been under the water two seconds. The nearest approach to this jump was that of Sam Patch, at Niagara Falls, of 142ft., in 1&J9.; Peer in tends to repeat the feat at the same place on the 4th July next, and as it is likely enough that he will be killed, he is at pre sent the object of much interest in the neighborhood of Niagara, The re-imposition of tolls for crossing bridges and punts in New South Wales dis pleases the Biuerina Grazier, which saya that Sir H. Parkes and Sir J. Robertson have looked back like Lot's wife, and that it will Dot be astonished if they meet a similar fate. After thejiasco of the regulations division, Mr. Dow, with a lively remembrance of the coarse badgering he had received at the hands of Mr. Purves, crossed the floor of the Houee and addressed a few words to him. He stated that he did not know to what cause he was indebted-for the especial attention that had been bestowed upon him. If, however, he had in any way done violence to the feelings of Mr. Purves, that gentle man had better retire with him for a few moments, when he would be given the fullest satisfaction. Mr. Purves did not see the matter m tbe same light, and retained his place in the House. — ' Atticus' in Leader. The wives and relatives of some of the prisoners are on their way to Parihaka to have an understanding with the prophet They are worked up to a state of great earnestness, and say they will not be put off with vague Scriptural allusions or quota tions. They will demand something definite regarding the deliverance of the prisoners at Wellington. A Victorian telegram states that an old bund man named John Winter was burned to death in a shanty near Latrobe street on Monday morning, July 28. It is believed that his bed accidentally caught fire, Mr. Finlayson, Secretary to the Hobson's Bay Railway, was deliberately shot dead on Monday morning last by a clerk in the department named John Frederick Law zence. Efforts are being made in the Queensland Assembly to reduce the salaries of Civil servants who receive from £200 to £350 per annnm by S per cent., of those who re ceive from £350 to £500 by 7£ per cent, and of those who receive from £500 to £800 by 10 per cent Tests have been made at one of the Holyoke, Mass., paper mills between the best English and American writing papers, much to the disadvantage of the foreign articles in length and strength of fibre, sizing, the ' hud' process, and general finish At a religious conference recently held in London it was stated that the wages paid to women engaged in producing tenpenny Bibles were not enough to keep body and soul together, and that of three recent strikes in the book-binding trade aU had arisen out of the Bible work. It is rumored writes the Courier that Dan Kelly and his confederates, intend to visit the Exhibition at Sydney, and that they will be smuggled into the colony in one or more cases of returned exhibits. An ex change says -that the. latest name -for the Mansfield district is Kelly- fornia, and it is seriously contemplated to name Benalla the ' Golden Gate,' from the amount of Go vernment money now being poured into it. Someone suggests that, if they want to cap ture the KeUys, . the police should be with drawn from the district — forming- however. a cordon around it — and that no more Go vernment money be spent there. The people of the district will then rise en masse, and wipe out the gang. The Leader says the ironstone which exi3ts in immense quantities in the neigh borhood of Lai Lai contains an important ore of iron to which the name of hematite has been given. From this ore are now manufactured stamps, fire-bars, &c.; A short distance on the Daylesford side of Porter's Junction Hotel, on the Malmes bury road, is a tree which has been evi dently killed by lightning, and fully 100 dead magpies are hanging by their clawB from the branches. Rejected lovers may often employ some means of wreaking their vengeance upon the lady. The method adopted by a farmer, rejected by a young person named Mexy, is singular. Madle. Mexy was preparing to go to the altar with the husband of her choice, when a letter from the former aspirant was put into her hand. It con tained a few lines entreating her to change her decision, and begging the favor of a word in reply. The young woman wrote the answer, and used tbe stamp, but had scarcely applied it to her tongue when she experienced a violent pain in that member, the tongue in the course of a few hours be coming so swollen and enlarged that it hung 35 centimeters out of her mouth. . The medical men called in stated that the stamp was poisoned, so the sender thereof has been apprehended, and is now in prison. A neat little fraud has just been dis covered in England. A substantial London firm was in the habit of buying Hamburg spirit in bond, racking it off into Martell's brandy. It was observed by the authorities that the firm had issued bonded entries for so many casks of Hamburg spirit, and had issued export entries for the same number of casks of Martell's brandy. An examina tion was made, tbe fraud was discovered, and the firm was fined £100, If this is the sort of spirituous liquor our tap-loafers have been imbibing no wonder that intemperance is one of tbe chief factors of insanity in Australia. — ' Atticus,' Large landed estates have been accumu lated in the adjoining colony of New South Wales. Of the number of holders of land, of various sized holdings, of not less than one acre, with the acreage under crop, the S. M. Herald says : — ' AU we can notice at nvaoant 1Q tllO* Ufflitla 5W SAT «n«asi«tn a«u* said to hold 18,908,653 acres of freehold land, there are 67 who hold more than 40,000 acres each ; 36 who hold more than 30,000 acres each ; 51 who hold more than 20,000 acres each ; 91 who hold more than 10,000 acres each ; and 84 who hold more than 7,500 acres each. Altogether these 881 persons are in possession of 9,778,393 acres of this freehold agricultural land, and they have cultivated just 21,028 acres. Be tween the margin of 7,500 acres and 600 acres there are 4,603 freeholds, who possess 5,319,615 acres, and have 99,465 acres under cultivation. The remaining 3,810,545 acres are shared by 32,903 freeholders, each pos sessing from one to 600 acres, and they have under cultivation 356,293 acres.' The Register's correspondent at Umberum berka writes on July 25 that the body of a man with the head severed., from the trunk was discovered by Mr. Whitfield and a blackfellow while n/ustering cattle about fourteen miles from Mootwingee Station. The track on which it was found was a very unfrequented one, and Mr: Whitfield supposed him to have been dead about two months. A tomahawk and butcher's knife were lying near the body, and, what looks most suspicious, two quart pots, but no swag or means of identification, were found. The body is that of a man about 40 years of age, with light complexion and hair turning grey. A dreadful death by fire took place about a fortnight ago near the Mount Gipps Hotel. It appears that the deceased man, whose name was Welch, had been stopping at the hotel. At night, however, he camped in the creek, a short distance away, and in the morning his remains were found burnt to a ciuder. The strangest part of the occurrence is mat several men were camping near, one within ten yards of him, but none of them heard the slightest disturbance during the night. The matter would bear a closer in vestigation. The remains have since been buried. — Register, This is just the time of year when moles have young, but infant moles are difficult to get. The Daily News understands, how ever, that Mr. Frank Buckland has received from the head keeper of Windsor Park five baby moles. They each weigh a little over half an ounce. Their noses are of a lovely pink, and their eye is just discernible through the skin like a black speck. There is no trace whatever of hair upon them, and they refused to take milk. . A tame rat was therefore procured, young rats were taken away, and the moles substituted. The rat took kindly to the moles, made a nest in the corner of the box, and then coiled herself over them to keep them warm. The young moles have taken kindly to their foster mother. A curious circumstance occurred at the last licensing meeting at Coburg. During the hearing of applications for licenses the Chairman suggested that the poor box should be brought under notice. Several of the applicants for licenses Dut money in the box. Indeed, so closely was the box watched that it was known several half- sovereigns, crowns, and half-crown pieces were put in. Later on one of the magistrates suggested that the box should be opened, which was done, but not a single coin was to be found. The disappearance of the money is shrouded in mystery,— -CoUmgiPood Mercury, Considerable attention is being at present directed throughout Germany to the trial at Saarbrucken, on the Rhine, of the persons implicated in a criminal charge of fraud, &c;, connected with the alleged appearance ef the Virgin Mary to some children in a ?wood near Maringen in 1876. The pre liminary investigation has resulted in an indictment which it is thought will, after the examination of well nigh 200 witnesses, lead to the conviction of those who lent themselves to the propagation of the delusion. The New Zealand Time* has some sarcas tic remarks on 'Ministry making,' and among other names suggests those of Mr. Barff, as Minister of Education, and Mr. R. Reeves, as Minister of Mines. It says: — ' The scholastic lore, cultivated mind, and refined manners of Mr. Barff are proverbial in the House, and especially fit him as Minister of Education, while Mr. Reeve's efforts to introduce an import duty on coal, and his large circle of acquaintance among miners on the diggings, give him a special claim for the post assigned to him.' There are many strange anomalies in French laws and customs. A young woman who recently shot her seducer because he refused to keep his promise of marriage, has just been acquitted at Bordeaux ; and yet French law takes into no account breach of promise ; nor has a girl who has been se duced any claim on her lover, even for the support of a child. The murdered man committed no illegal act, and the girl who took the law into her own hands is acquitted to the great delight of a crowded court. 