LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. OFFICIAL DfFOHMATION. atr. LACKEY, in answer to Mr. Burns, eaia plans were woKK£ri£d vc^toZ6604 B~**«A«» work . Mr. -WptDEYEE, in answer to Mr. Copeland, said sk wmSSMK,11*1 ***** ** FranckPin ixection «,Sl.fc,1?TT0Bl,I£- ^swor to Mr- M-EUiono, said the ££57& i S0'1! °£JM-. GTevffle, chief clerk in insolvency, th^bSfl Tr-T 1lisked tt »?** 0( oueetdons in reference to *i,« £^££ ^f^e ' Samson,' and in reference to Mr. Ining, nl]ow^f^i'?mF absent and receiving full pay and extra * Sf'i.TtCKEY )-«'nieod to Jay full information on the table V.. the oouroo of afewdavs' ., .„„ DENILIQDIN JTJET LISTS. Mr. HTTHLEY (Hartley) brought up a Report from the selool. committee on jurv liBts, Deniliquin - THE LABOTJB QOTiSTIOH AND OTHEE MATTERS Mr. CAMERON brought under the nottoe of the House and the Government the Btuteof the working classes in this colony at tho present time. He wished to. direct public attention to tho manner in which the immigration vote had been expended. Statements had been made that called for inquiry, and which, if true, reflecteo discredit on this colony, and tho authorities under whose supervision this vote was expended. It would appear from these etata jucnte that on immoral troffio in human beings was going on. He referred partioularly to a letter in last Friday's Evenhsg News, signed 'John Williams, Surry Hills,' which letter he read sad commented upon. The writer had been induood to como out under false representations as to the condition of the irou- working trade. He had no heal ration in asserting that the rcpreseututions by which this immigrant 1ib«1 beon induced to come out hero were absolutely false. While he admitted tho necossity of putting population on tho soil, he protested ncainBt a class of Vorsous being brought out who were fit only for city life. He also impressed upon the Government the ad wisabilityot giving instructions as to the trades that wore overstocked m this country. Ho believed that tho tale told by John Williams was the same that could be told by hun dreds of immigrants. Many mechanics were walking about Sydney unable to find employment. A scandalous wrong w.is being dono by the authorities in bringingcertain classes of people hero. The number of uuomploycd men of all cal. liugs in aud urouud Sydney was greater now than the lost 11) yours. But for the Exhibition building, heaven knows what would become of our tradesmen and labouring classes, aud ho did not know what would become of our surplus mechanical |K-i-ulation when that building was finished. Suvural iuiuupauts who had gone up the country, had had to return, aud were in such a state of destitution thn.t some ladies who were on the platform at the railway station had emptied their purses to relieve their distress. Tho people thnt should he brought out here wore those who would settle on tho soil nnd till it, and before we invited them hero wo should alter our abominable land laws. It was, ho con tended, a wrong to the people ot this country, as well or the immigrants themselves, to bring people out hero. He hoped the Government would put a stop to tho evil. He moved the adjournment of the House. Mr. M'ELHONE said if the statements in tho letter in the Evening News were true they ought to bo inquired mto. Tiie miter was not afraid to put his name to it, and he had also giveu tho name of tho agcut who hod induced him and others to como out by false representations. Uo commented upon the system that wus adopted to induce peojilo to como out hero. Ouo person, a printer o[ china aud crookcrywure, was told that there was plenty of work for the men of his trado out hero. The result was that the liufortuiiata man, when ho came out, walked about Sydney streets for weeks unable to flnd employment, and his wife fell ill for want of food, and diod m the Sydnoy Infirmary. He next proceeded to criticiso tho constitution of the board to inquire into tho Government Store Depart ment. Two of them were iucompotont, aud Mr. Eagar ought uot to be allowed on tho hoard under any considera tion, because he was at tho head of the department, and could uot bo expected to report against himself. Tho country had been robbod of over £20,000a year through this department and the contracts for Btorcs. He would go more fully into this matter next day, when he would have tho docmuouts In his possession. He believed that Mr. Eagar would screen the officers of this dopartinont, and ho com plained that tho Treasurer had not appointed independent business men. He would liko to know, also, if tho report wonld bo kept hack until Parliament was prorogued, as was usually done when there was auy dirty work to bo brought +o light. He had uo hesitation in saying that it was from Mr. Nash that ho received the information about this matter, and it was through Mr. Nosh that this inquiry was instituted. He challenged tho Treosnrer to deny that llr. Cohen had contracted to supply kerosene oil at 2s a gallon, and was allowed to charge 8s a gallon without a fresh con tract. He asked (sarcastically) when the Government in tended to prorogue Parliamout. Tho eight Government days had gone by, and he would liko to know if tho Colonial Secretary would be able to prorogue in 18 days. The Colo nial Secretary had occupied the time of the House on Friday night, and he (Mr. M'Elhono) would follow suit and occupy a little of tho Government time to-night, after 7 o'clock. He would move the adjournment of the House then, aud show that the Colonial Sooretary was the lust person to throw stones at him. He would Cve that Sir Henry Parkcs, in a speech at West Maitland [ said that he (Mr. M'Elhone) was the most useful mem ber of the House. But that w»g when he sat behind Sir Henry Parkcs, when ho was trying to turn out Sir John ltobertson. He would let the lion, gentleman see that for the attack he made on him (Mr. M'Elbouo) on Friday night he would perhaps give him a littlo more trouble in getting through the session than he expected. He hod certainly not interfered much with the Government, hut wheu the hou. gentleman 60 far forgot himself as he didou the last private night, he could not see auy harm in tho doctrine of on eye for an eye aud a tooth for a tooth. Ho believed the Colonial Seoretary, as the Evening News had snid, showed a thirst for blood, and hod 'gone off his chump ' altogether. More than one Government hod como to grief tlirough the overbearing conduct of Sir Henry Farkes. Ho would show that he (Mr. M'Elhone) never went about the hack, slums with Berimes and DrauFJgld trying to rake up evidence to damn the character of Kr. Garrett in order to defeat the Government of which ho was a member. However, Iris (Mr. M'Elhone's) time would come at half-post 7. Tho ball would begin then. Mr. CAMERON protested against the contemptuous silence of the Government concerning his complaints. (Sir Hekut Farkes made an interjection, whioh was not heard in the gallery.) Mr. Cameron said the hon. gentleman should have said bo publicly. Tho motion for adiournment was then negatived. TJNNECESSAEY INQUESTS IN THE MAITLAND DISTE1CT. Mr. ECKFORD moved— That thore he hud upon the -table of this House copies of all correspondence between the Government and Dr. Morson with reference to holding inquests unnecessarily in the Maitland district. Agreed to. POSTAL INFORMATION. Mr. BURNS moved— That there be laid upon the tome of thiB House copies of ell correspondence respecting the pro posed or actual change in the amount payable to the English postal authorities out of Uie postages on outward Australian and Now Zealand mails. Agreed to. FORMS OF CEOWN GRANTS. ' Mr. COPELAND moved— That there he laid trpon- the tahle of this House a copy of each of the various forms of Crown grant issued since the passing of the Crown Lauds Alienation Act of 1801. Agreed to. ? - ? - VTHEP.M.OFBINGEEA. Mr. M'ELHONE moved— That, in tho opinion OI this House, Mr. P. Brougham, the police magistrate, Bingera, Isanunfltpersontoocoupy the position of police magis trate, and should 1)6 dismissed from the public service. He said he had been supplied with a Fi j ian paper, whioh showed that Mr. Brougham hod been committed for trial for steal ing trust moneys at Fiji, and absconded from boil ; yet he had been appointed to a lucrative appointment as police magistrate in this colony. Ho urged that the appointment rcfloetefi lasting disgrace ou the Government, especially when it was known. Unit Mr. Docker, who had appointed Mr. Brougham, was Ms hrolhor-in-law. It was a well known fact that tho whole of the rascality of this colony are located in Fiji, plundering the poor natives wholesale. He read n letter from a person who know Mr. Brougham as curator of intestate estates at Fiji. The writer, one J. Watt, was willing to corroborate what Mr. Jonas had told him (Mr. M'Elhone). When Mr. Leary was Minister for Justice, he did bis best to stop publication oT 4he papers, whioh has been donB by ft resolution of the House. Mr. Jonos had power to draw «ny amount of money from Mr. BiUyoid on thoeo I^l pUntationa Ho quoted from the Parliamentary paper to ehow that JBr. Brougham was wrongly appointed. Ho camq to this oplony with a orimuial prosecution hanringovor bis head, ana »ot pitchforked into a good billet with anatayof £AM ot,*™? a year. Tho appointment, lie contended, waB an taauM to tho people and the legislature. (Hear, hear.) He Junta. tained that tho Civil Serrioe had bean grouBljr insulted fcy appointing suoh a man to the high office of polios imbm trate when ho had a criminal charge hsntrlng- ovor Mb hflad. He maintained that Mr. Brougham conM no* be tenoOBnt when he «aye lie hod paid the inonoy, and «ubseansntljrsoea and trystopay the money boot again. Mr. Btuart-wonia never have consented to moh mi appointment H hej noa known of sn6h a chargo, but it was only «n k par nrith othor apnoiiitmentamada by the Government at the Hime. He read tho evidence adduced at the inquiry, and'TOged that th« Government had no rigW- (allowing ttaywara-ignfflmit of the charge *whon tbsy mode tiM HQpanHPfiUt) vp'aupw Mr. 3?f J3roupham to ronuti l&PfiiQ; ^soTODoxnont * sornoo Brougham, and. aoJmsEy-ireirls 1m ew Sir Arthur Oordcn, and to square the nsai&ir; vtih Us. It am-carod that Mr. Brougham, to clear -himeeU, JrtchBe8.l4eariy all the officers of the Gorernment of being rogues Rod thieves. He then cleared out, and came to Sydney, whet»1iiB brother-in-law, Mr. Docker, mode him a police magistrate. Then there wots a charge of embezzlement which resulted in_p Scotch vcr did 6t not proved. To his inindMrTBroughiui was guilty of fobbing Intestate estates. . Hs hoped a honest vote, ana not a tarty vote, would be given. Mr.F. SUTTOR' joined witii Mr. M'Elhone in the hope tlat on impartial vote would bo gi ven. He gave particulars of the certain charges against Mr Broughaiu, and admitted that an explanation Mr. Brougham Tuid mode, with regard to a sum ot £100, was not satisfactory. It was not true that Mr. Brougham had bolted from his bail. A civil action was brought against him, but the jury could not agree. He wa£ committed, but had never beon put upon his trial. This was a matter that rested upon who they were to believe, whether they were to beliovo Mr. Brougham Or not. The matter had been under the consideration of different Ministers. He read a highly eulogistic letter from tho bench of magistrates at Bingera, requesting that Mr. Brougham should not be dismissed, and expressing their entire belief in hie innocence. He also read a letter from one of the officers of the Wolverene, from Lcvuka, stating th at tlie unanimous opinion was thnt Mr. Brougham wo£ an ill-used man ; also that a person named Gnu dry, to whom he alleged that he -had paid a sum of money, but who denied it, was since oonvicted of embezzlement. Ho also mentioned that Mr. Brougham was no relative whatever of Mr. Docker, who knew nothing of the charges made against Mr. Brougham, and hod never even seen him. It was not true that Mr. Brougham had offered to refund certain moneys that he was charged with embezzling. He thought the House might wlSt for fuller information. Mr. HURLEY (Hartley) supported the motion,, and com plained that tho Minister for Justice had mode no-refcrence to the report of tho judge on Mr. Brougham's conduct. At 7 o'clock the consideration of the motion was discon tinued, and tho House rose for refreshments, the motion being placed on the paper for the next day. THE LAND BILL. The House, after re-assembling, went into -committee to further consider the Land Bill, but the PREMIER imme diately moved tliat the Chairman leave the choir, report progress, aud ask leave to sit again to-morrow. He explained that he did so in consequence of the severe illness of his colleague, the Minister for Lands. This was agreed to, and progress was reported accord ingly. On Mr. SPEAKER putting the question 'That leave be given to sit again to-morrow,' Mr. M'ELKONE desired to move an amendment, to the effect that the career of Sir Henry Partes since he had occupied a seat in Parliament rendered hiin unfit tor tho position of a Ministerof the Crown.' Sir HENRY PARKES: Let ttie question bo amended in that wav ii it can. Mr. HURLEY (Hartley) j M'Elhone'sA)euefit night. Mr. SPEAKER ruled that the amendment could not be put. It wns in no way relevant to the question, or con sistent with it. .- Sir HENRY PARKES: If the hon. member will give notice of that motion, I will give -it jireeodeuce of all oUier business. . . .??-'.. Leave to sit again was then given, Mr. M'ELHONE then proposed to give notice of his in tention to move a resolution, of the character he had indi cated. Mr. SPEAKER ruled thnt notice of motion could not bo given after the orders** the day had been called. THE CONDEMNED CRIMINALS- . Mr. HUNGERFOBD asked the Colonial Secretary if it was true that the Government had decided to allow the sentence of death passed upon two young inou aud a black man to be carried out. Sir HENRY PARKES said it was true. He explained the circumEt&noes; of the case of the two young men, which he said was so aggravated in all its bearings, and without any redeeming feature, that if the law did not take its course in this case it never could properly ho put in force for the crime of rape again. CITY CORPORATION BILL — MR. M'ELHONE ATTACKS SIE HENEY PARKES— STHANGEES EXCLUDED. In committee of tho whole. Sir HENRY FARKES moved that the committee agree with the amendments made by the Council in the preamble of the Sydney Corporation Bill. Mr. M'ELHONE (at S o'clock) moved, as an amendment, that the Chairman leave the chair. He said he did so in order to refer to the charges made by Sir Henry Parkos against him for what he had said about Sir. Garrett. He said he hod no wiBh to refer any further to Mr. tiarrett than he was compelled to do ; but, in justice to himself, he folt bound to make the explanation he was about to rlo. He read communications from his solicitors in justification of his plea of privilege in the action brought against him by Mr. Garrett. He alluded to Mr. Giir rett's opposition to Sir Henry Parkes as notoriousat that time, and thathighand mighty man deter mined to put. his foot on him — he 'putts' everywhere — aud, in proof of it, he quoted from a speech made by Sir Henry at West Maiuaud. He also quoted froina epcccbJby Mr. Darvoll against Sir Heury Parkes, at. East Mait land, and referred to the O'Farrell tragedy, and tho Kiania ghost scare, and taunted Sir Henry Parkos with having sneaked back to Parliament after say ing the door of his politiwil life v/as closed for ever, and had unseated his friend. Ml-. Richard Hill, who had always supported him. He said Sir Henry Parkos had cra%vled back into the House like a venemous reptile of the worst kind. He also quoted from the report of a Irial in which Sir Heury Parkcs had been fined £100 for slandering Darcy Wentworth Murray, by saying in Parliament, and afterwards printing, that Murray had connived at his wife's dishonour. Ho spoks in vary strong- terms of Sir Henry Parkos's conduct in this matter, inasmuch as Murray wns not in that Houso to defend himself, while Mr. Garrett was when ho (Mr. M'Elhoue) attacked him. Sir Henry Parkos, he Boid, had disgraced the order of knighthood, and hod uniformly turned round and stung his friends when he got the opportunity. He also referred in very caustic terms to Sir Henry Parkes having got. £5000 voted for immigration purposes, and got himself appointed lecturer, and on the benefit the country derived from that service was a man with a wooden leg. (Sir Henry Parkcs loft the chamber after Mr. M'Elhone commenced his attack.) [After Mr. M'Elhone had been speaking for half an hour, Mr. Bt'Oui-ioCH rose and colled the - atteutiou of the chairman to tho presence of strangers. At this there were cries of ' Oh !' and ' shame,' from members on the Op positiou benches. Mr. Gray expressed the hopo that Mr. M'Culloch would not persist iu his objection. Mr. M'Cdlloch declined to withdraw his objection to strangers, and the galleries wore thereupon cleared, Mr. M'Eliione intimating that he would retiiru to the sub ject again to-morrow, in order that his remarks might he made public. The galleries remained cleared for about ten minutes. On the reodmission of tho representatives of tho Press and the public, the committee were quietly considering the amendments of the CouncU in the Corporation Bill, the motion for the chairman to leave tho chair liaving been negatived. Some of the amendments were agreed to, some dissented from, and one further amended, aud tho bill was so reported to the House.] SUPPLY.— THE ESTIMATES. Tho House went into committee of supply, and the oou Bidcration of the estimates was resumed. £242,726 was proposed for public work and buildings. Mr. M'ELHONE took exception to votes for watoreupiily, fire-engine, shed, &c.;, for lunatic asylum at rarratnattu, and to furniture and fitting for public offices generally. He com plained that Hudson Brothers were favoured by tho Govern ment, and said they had Government work thrust upon them. Ho asserted that the public was robbed by some of ?the jobs given by the Govermment to Hudson Brothers without competition. In his opinion there was just as much robbery carried on in fho Works Deportment, unknown to the Minister, as in any dcpartinoiit under tho Government. He also took exception to votes for oourt- hbusos at Grafton, Wilcannia, Penrith, and Taree, dwarf wall, &c;, for Sydney University, repairs and fittings for Museum, public buildings at Goulburn, residence for sub-collector of customs at Wentworth, district survey and lands offices at Tamworth, Invercll, Wugga Wngga, Dubbo, and Armidale, aud office accommodation in country districts for Roads Department. Hedesirodiuforuiation as to tho necessity of tbeso votes, and advocated economy. Mr. GREENWOOD oensured the Government for tho absence of information concerning those important votes. Mr. jAtOB and Mi1. J. Davids complained of some of tho votes. Mr. LACKEY said the Gorernment would consent to tho omission of the sums of £10,000 and £11,000— oflice accom modation in country districts and district survey and land omcos, ana i»uw lor water supply to I'arraraaua ijunatic Asvluin. With regard to the want of information, he pointed out that the votes were submitted iu the some way as they had always been. The throe items in question were omitted. Mr. M'ELHONE strongly objected to the extravagant expenditure for furniture tor Government offices, a state ment of particulars of which was supplied to him by the Minister for Works. He moved that the vote (£10,000) he reduced by £5000, and pointed out that £2500 was left over from last year. Mr. J. DA VIES opposed the reduction, and pointed out that 24 now post and telegraph offices would have to be furnished. Mr. WEBB complained 6f extravagance, and recom mended economy. The furniture for the new post and tele graph offices would not be required this year. The motion to reduce the item was negatived, on division, by 25 to 11. The item of £l£00, for fire- engine and shcH, &o.;, for P&r.; ranmtta Lunatic Asylum, was reduced by £500, and an item ' of £1700 for residence for sub-collector of customs at W21 'canuia was omitted. An item of £3000, for die erection of noourt house tit Penrith, was struck out, on division, by 21 to 15. A proposal to reduce tho vote for court house at Corcoar, from £4000 to £2000, was negatived by 33 to 2, the minority consisting of Mr. M'Elhone and Mr. M'Cnllpch. . An item of £2300, for court house at Taree, was omitted, . after division, by 15 votes to U, and after a warm defence of the vote by Mr. R. S. Smith. The estimate, reduoed from £212,736 to £207,186, was then passed. £21,300 was voted under the head of Electrio Telegraphs. Progress was reported, and leave was given to sit sgnin. Mr. M'ELHONErS ATTACK ON SIE HENRY PARKES. Sir HENRY PARKES, as a matter of personal explana tion, said that he hod. in consequence of the words attri buted to Sir Alfred Stephen, by the member for the Upper Hunter ou Friday last, written to Sir Alfred Stephen, after some hesitation, to know if he (Sir Alfred) hod, as alleged by Mr. M'Elhone, ever stated that he (Sir Henry Parkes) ought to bo on Cockatoo Island instead of walking the streets of Sydney. He had received tbo following statement from Sir Alfred in reply :— ' Half-part. 3, Tuesday. I am certain that I never usod any such words — or any words equivalent to thorn. What I did say was reported at the time in the TTfiht.ii which con bs, I presume, easily referred to. It is imuoedrAe for mo, after so long an interval, to be able to state whether tho news paper report; was absolutely oorroot | and, indeed, very pro joblyl oU4-riot'«venatthBtimer«aaittotbeif lt^osKo. Bat I am «pre tiratHo words expressing ,or implying the opinion attributed to mo, or anything like it, either In sub stanoe or effeot, were uttered oh the oooasion.— vAxfbed Mr. M'ELHONE sold if it hod not been for Mr. M'Oul looh getting strangers excluded ho would have read the re port (etected, to. However, iie-would read-it on aAituro .ooodsitni, ' - ? . ? ' ' '- ' y '? *. ?- The House adjoOmed ot one munrla to 3, . ' ' e , Jndgo: Prisoner, why will yon drink? Now look at me I I am 60, amlnevtittaotwiliquor. Prisoner: Ttm've lost lots otnm, then, judge; sore as you're 3figy ^toPdfl^ ~wJ8X/t liJnlfcni*ioit S#'6Gt4au!g'w9stTOcai-i& ^_ ^T j . ? — . ? *- i iB^al.,S\,, ,,jJtit ,.f i f * ** * -' SidBty suatM uwt wwt vpt ncwyAUioomvmea xemnopos. u, jehoveg Ihote newcomers to' jnovide themselves with sate raards against the inroads of the diseases incident to tho inocclimatod. The system should. first bo strongly forti. led, and tj)en fhs tetnpesattyto. feapt \\*0 $o a dejne ofanhnsl lent that wall render it insusceptible to tho influence of chills. Udolfdo 'Wolfe's Schiedam *»w4«™ SchSaI'es srill effect these dual ends, and pnjpaw'tao ejetomj.for, 