TO TRE' EDITOR. SI,--Itis a long time sinoe I had the honor of contributing to:.your r'interesting ,paper,; since then I have. embraced in,: my travels, half the cities of New South. Wales,- and am now on. the diggings at Hill End, which is a long day's journey from Bathurst. I will presume at an early date to give you some in formation about that fine ecity, and many' other places visited by meeduring mny travels. :I ani kept well posted up in thl doings, of theo .Queanbeyanites.. Permit me'to `i:mke A ?ROTEST. '+Whoever wrote tliat?aitiale meanti iasi critiocism and report odnyour "Gi.ran'd Co'. cart," is'?ailly of the most porfoot audaocity. I have not in my reading. discoverod pre sumption so golossal, and you Mr Editor, so full of good sense, pronounce this " honest, unprejudiced, and reliable." Surely you are the editor who writes such able articles that some under my notice regularly; Here is a cone nort given in aid of the liquidation of the debt on the building of your handsome Pro .testant Hall, and ladies and gentlemen very kindly volunteer the services and make this concert a success. 'Must they be abused and lashed for their generous conduct? Ama teurs are here criticised as professi'nals, and by a writer, who does not appear to have dis played any traits of wisdom, prudeone, for boarance, or kindness. I can imagine toat the " broadcloth and fustian 'element" of which he speaks, enjoyed a titter, a jest, and a laugh, and, " Wha' for noo.'" If your writer could analyse human motives it would bo:a different matter People visit such con etrts from three general impulses, to aid a worthy object, to enjoy themselves, and to see and be seen. You of your courtesy as an experioncedand talonted journalist mustknow that such amateur performers are nover eri ticised. :After insulting some of the ladies and discovering fanults in their had pronun ciation, and because somoeof them did not appear with cheeks and nerves made-of biass, he goes on to say that the 'Sabre " song was the worst representation :he ever heard. There is insolences unparalelled, it attains the mangitude. of being monstrons., That gentleman whom you pronounce to be honest should be arraigned before Major Russell and Justice \\\'right for slander. When your critic wants to' hear the Sabre song as a true artist only can render it, send for the ghost of poor Julia Matthews, or. the charming Swiss nightingale, or Miss May, or Patti. I fear very much that when -you get those good ladies and gentlemen to'give their sei vices for a like benevolent purpose it will be better appreciated: I have written papers which form a history of my whole tour. A little girl who had the pleasure of spending- an'afternoon with your children a short time ago, will furnish you with those on the Bathurst Pulpits, a series of letters which appeared in the BJathurst Free Press. - I return very shortly- -when I will present youwith "some information on the gold fields now and fifteen years ago. GOssIP ON LAW. The Zion. M1r. JMolyneux I see is institut ing an action against my very kind friend, Mr W. G. O'Neill. I can only saythat the general upshot of this kind of thing means a farthing damages and a lot of money for the lawyers. Although a passionate tempered man, impulsive and injudicious at times with his tongue, yet he is brimful of- kindness. Mr Molyneux is an intelligent and amiable young gentleman and would hive acted with greater wisdom had he taken no notice'of it. An old resident like aIr W. G. O'Neill, as useful a citizen, many of whose faults are virtues, is worthy of some coonsideratibon and forbearance. " How ere it be it seems to me, 'Tis only. noble to be .good :-- Kind hearts are more than coronets." .. -- NORTHUMBERLAND. 