THE MYSTEEIES OF CBXME; OB, The Expebeenges oe an EmNBiraGH Detective.—No. CXXVII. [Published by [kpecial arrangement with the Author.] THE MAGIC PORTMANTEAUS. Between tlie two classes, the honest and well-doing and the thievish and criminal, there floats a great mass who may he said to belong properly to neither, and whom I have long since set aside in my own mind under the nanrn of dreamers. These silly and infatuated beings dream of wealth when they should be working for it, and take every means but the straightforward one to get it. They try lotteries, spells, charms, and gambling wheels, and look upon such advertisements as " A fortune for a trifle," " £20,000 for £1," as perfect godsends. Beason and they have parted and gone off by different roads, never to meet more. I have seen an old man bent and palsied with age, after thus dreaming away a lifetime, actually brighten up at the mention of such a " chance," and with shaking hand eagerly stake his last coin in the world on the issue, and then relapse into the darkest despondency when time at last convinced him that the money had only been swept off with that of hundreds of other fools to fatten the rogues pulling, the strings. The man in the following case might have been equally unteachable, but then he was caught young, and something more than a mere exposure accompanied the lesson. As it is, I believe that, should he see this account of the affair, he will ba the first to smile at the incidents and admit the folly of his own actions. Some time before the following incidents took place—which was in the month of November — a Glasgow manufacturer of cheap portmanteaus happened to turn out some scores of a particular pattern, exactly alike outwardly and inwardly. What be came of all these scores, and what comic complications and mistakes they may have led to, does not concern us here. We have only to note the destination and history of two. One of the portmanteaus went to Dundee, the other found its way to Edin burgh. One of them, after standing among a pile at the shop door, ticketed twelve shillings, with an invisible elevenpence three farthings pencilled after the twelve, was sold to a customer, who considered he had got a bargain when he got the seller to knock off the odd farthings. The other, after standing about the same time, was sold for nine shillings and ninepence. By what process of reasoning the twelve and elevenpenny gentleman could convince him self that he was honest when another could live on so much smaller profit is not for me to enquire. It is a trade secret, and obser vation has long since convinced me that in this fast age the gauge for a man's profits is not the old-fashioned one of conscience, but simply his own personal expenditure. If that be moderate, the customer is lionestlv { dealt with ; if it be extravagant, then woe betide. The man who bought the portmanteau in Dundee was William Bell, a working man, aged twenty-four. Bell was most emphati cally a dreamer, and superstitious beyond belief. He was rather a good-looking fellow, and had got the silly idea into his head that a red, sun-burned face and dusty moleskins were things to be ashamed of; and that he would never be happy till some lucky turn in the wheel of fortune made him a gentleman—that is, allowed him to walk about in black clothes doing nothing all day but twirl a gold-headed i cane. With this idea he had carefully gone over the entire list of his relatives— more particularly those who chanced to be aged, and were not likely to linger long in this world of troubles—to see if there were any likelihood of him being at any time called upon to heir their wealth. The survey did not give much promise, as they were mostly in humble circumstances like himself, but to a dreamer that was nothing. He soon reared an airy fabric of hope in his own mind, and then took to feeing and bribing the postman, in the belief that that would bring him all the sooner the lucky letter that was to make him a gentleman. The letters, however, that did come were never of the right kind, and when they only breathed forth an affectionate concern for his wellbeing, true friendship, or kind sympathy he tossed them aside in disgust, and turned for solace to " Napoleon's Book of Fate." About this time trade chanced to get dull, and after losing most of his spare cash in various lotteries, he at last invested the remainder in the portmanteau aforesaid, and decided on a journey to Edinburgh. By consulting his "Book of Fate," and going through a roundabout process of pick ing open the edgeB of a closed book, and then reading the first word that caught his eye, be bad got at something like the fol lowing message:—" You shall go a journey —iron shall become gold, and your eyes shall he dazzled." What could be plainer than that ?—evidently a fortune awaited him at Edinburgh, so packing up his took in their box, and leaving them to be for warded by the goods train, he put up a few tools, an old shirt or two, a couple of combs, and a bit of soap in the portmanteau, took out a ticket for Edinburgh at the East Sta tion, and was soon rattling away on his journey. In this world, it is said, two persons are often horn and brought up miles from each other, and without the slightest idea of each other's existence, who nevertheless are to he brought together from opposite direc tions to a point where they are to meet and bring^ about the most surprising results. This is called fate—a nice, handy word for easy-minded people. The fate, therefore, of William Bell was now looming in the distance, and with every rattle of the train coming nearer the dreamy-minded youth. That fate was the other portmanteau, Thomas McEinnon, sole agent and tra veller for a pushing firm of jewellers in Edinburgh, took his place in the train at Perth, with a third-class ticket for Edin burgh in his pocket, much about tbe same as the dreamer Bell started from Dundee. McKinnon was a great, powerful man, six feet high at least, and'rather quick-tem pered and passionate; added to which cir cumstance he had dined and drank freely before starling, and had a fixed idea that every ninety-nine men out of a hundred that he met were thieves and rogues. In his hand he carried a black portmanteau, with glazed sides and brass knobs, wbicb be bad purchased specially for tbe round at Edinburgh, and in the innermost compart ment of his purse he carried the key of the said portmanteau, with which he had care fully locked it at the hotel before starting. At tbe station a porter had run forward to carry the portmanteau to the luggage van, buthenotonly gotarough refusal, but nearly got his nose flattened as well by the red faced and excitable traveller. " No, I'm an old traveller—I'm not to be robbed," he sharply growled, as be carefully stowed away the portmanteau under the seat of tbe carriage, looking round fiercely on every other passenger as be did so. " If there's a thief in this carriage, I beer to assure him that he'll have a difficulty in robbing me. I look after everything my self, and never trust my goods out of my sight. Yes, he will he a clever rogue that does me ;" and with these words he pro duced a big cigar, which with some diffi culty be succeeded in lighting, and then coolly, after the manner of travelling smokers, proceeded to choke and stifle therewith every one else in the carriage. The glossy portmanteau under the seat contained a number of gold watches— some going to Edinburgh to be cleaned and repaired, and others perfectly new—a varied assoatment of brooches, bracelets, and other trinkets; and two valuable gilt carriage clocks, so that Mr. McKinnon's sbam ness.was not altogether uncalled for. The only ^ drawback was that, having been drinking, be was not quite qualified to make good his words and display his boasted keenness. He managed, however, to make himself so intensely disagreeable to every one in the carriage that by tbe time the train reached Marybank Junction be was politely requested to leave the car riage _ and accommodate himself in a smoking compartment. Tbe Dundee por tion of the train being late, Mr. McEinnon strode tbe platform for some time, port manteau in hand, adding bis quota to the millions of curses that have already been heaped on this miserable station by repre sentatives of every clime and tongue. Then, as the weary wait swelled out to half-an hour, he varied the monotony by quarrel ling with a railway porter, and nearly knocking his head off. At last the luck less train hearing Mr. William Bell ap peared, and was shunted into its place; and with a ruthless grab at tbe first third-class door-handle that appeared, Mr. McKinnon thrust his portmanteau into the carriage— right in among a lot of legs, the foremost of which happened to belong to our Dun dee dreamer. He, too, had kept his port manteau under his seat for safety, but in the sudden thrust at his legs had no time to note that the portmanteau of the tra veller so closely resembled his own. The thing was thrust in, displacing and taking up the exact spot of room which had held his own; and then he saw that Mr. McKin non was glaring at him insolently through the gloom, as if expecting him to give place in the same way. " If it's all tbe same to you," the traveller snappishly remarked, "I'll sit here—next to the door." " You can eit where you like," was the cold reply; " but as for me, I feel quite comfortable where I am, and don't mean to move." McKinnon was about to begin an insolent reply, when he was suddenly shoved for ward by a ticket collector from behind, and told to take bis seat and show his ticket, as tkei train was . already behind time. A wrathful and exciting scene followed in which McEinnon did seat himself, but so angrily and confusedly that he quite forgot the exact locality of his portmanteau; and, feeling vaguely for it, was quite satisfied that all was right when he pulled out one exactly the same in appearance and weight. He had twice visited the refreshment-room while waiting, and his utterance was now in consequence a little indistinct; but, as he glared suspiciously round on the other passengers with his foot on what he believed to be his own portmanteau, he managed to say— " I tell you what it is—if there's a thief in this carriage he'll find it a difficult job to do me. I'm up to a thing or two, and the man that iohs me may consider himself clever." This remark elicited no Teply from any one; hut, as McKinnon, in savagely trying to light a cigar, allowed his foot to slip off the portmanteau and heavily down on Bell's toes, the accident soon opened up a lively conversation between the two, in the course of which Bell firmly expressed an opinion that he (McKinnon) was the big gest thief and rogue at that moment in the carriage. „ "Very good; IH keep an eye on you, thickly returned McKinnon. " I shall give you in charge for defamation when we get to the next station." "And I shall give you in charge for smoking in a carriage not set apart for the purpose," firmly replied Bell, and then the two held a long argument as to whether the carriage was or was not a smoking one, and after wrangling in a horse shriek for nearly half an hour they separated, as far as the length of the seat would allow of, each believing the other a scoundrel, and each looking sharply after what he believed to he his own luggage. As they nearedthe station at Burntisland the traveller fell asleep, and Bell, glad of the chance, hastily took the portmanteau under him and left the carriage for the ferry boat. A minute after the guard woke the sleeping traveller, and he also seized what, being under him, he believed to he his own portmanteau, and made his way down the pier, cursing them for clanging noisily at the hell instead of giving him time for a visit to the refreshment-rooms. It was now perfectly dark, and as Bell had slipped down to the steerage the moment he had gone on board, it is po wonder that M'Kinnon saw no more of him during the journey. Up at the railway station at Waverley Bridge, however, just as he had stepped into a cab, and placed his valuable portmanteau on the seat opposite him, he caught sight of Bell's face for a moment in the crowd, and heard a porter say to him, evidently in reply to a question— " A cheap hotel?—oh, gang up to the High Street—that's aboot the best place." That was all M'Kinnon heard, and he thought nothing of it at the time, though before long the words were to rise into considerable importance in his estimation. The cab drove oft at a rapid pace, he being anxious to present himself at his em ployer's place of business and relieve him self of his valuable freight before closing hours. Meanwhile, Bell, who wished to ascertain definitely what quarter of the town he was likely to he employed in before taking a fixed lodging, found his way up to an hotel in the High-street, where, after engaging a bedroom for the night, he proceeded to wash himself as a refresher before tea. This accomplished, he put his hand in his pocket, brought out a key, and unlocked his portmanteau to procure the necessary comb and brush for his hair. The key fitted and worked exactly, as it had always done, and as he had confidently expected it to do; but the moment the portmanteau was drawn open, wonder of wonders! the contents changed into flashing gold! The first parcel that came to hand, which should have been a ragged shirt encasing a number of new mason's chisels, was of fine tissue paper, and contained a number of _ gold brooches and earrings, the very flashing of which in the gaslight made the heart of Bell sicken with joy. But this was only a beginning, for lo! when the next parcel was opened it revealed a beautiful morocco case containing three splendid gold watches. Then came a heavy parcel of silver spoons and forks, then two handsome gilt carnage clocks, then more watches, gold and silver, till the floor actually seemed to sway under the astonished mason's feet, and he was constrained to ask himself if his senses had not left him. "Good God! is it possible? Has my o-old charm actually worked after all, and turned my tools into all these ? The port manteau is undoubtedly my own," he con tinued, after a close scrutiny. "It haa never been a moment out of my possession, and I had it firmly locked all the time—it must he magic! There is something in a charm, after all. But, perhaps, this is all a dream—perhaps I'm fast asleep just now, aBd will wake presently to find myself hack in my lodging in Dundee, jumping up to find myself late for the train." He gave himself a tremendous pinch in the leg, knocked his head violently against the wall, dipped his face in the wash-basin, and looked once more in the direction of the glittering contents of the magic port manteau, but, though he fully expected to find them gone, such was not the case. They still lay flashing in the light, with ravishing brilliance; and, what was still more intoxicating, when he came to more minutely examine one of the morocco cases, he found safely and snugly stowed away inside a thick bundle of bank-notes which looked so real in their dirtiness and creases that be nearly leaped as high as the ceiling at the sight. "I am rich—a gentleman at last!" he murmured to himself; " and yet, if I told any one of the simple charm that changed iron to gold they would only laugh at me and advise my friends to look to me as a lunatic. A lunatic ? I can almost believe mvself one now; yet there can be no doubt as" to the reality of the change. Every thing 1 had in the portmanteau has been turned to gold or silver, or their equivalent —these delicious, dirty hank-notes. But I must be satisfied—the whole may he a mere vision. I'll try if one of the notes will pass with the waiter." Hastily stowing away his wealth in the magicportmanteau,he rung the hell,ordered a glass of beer, and then tendered with a shaking hand one of the bank-notes in pay ment. An interval of terrible suspense ensued; hut at last the waiter reappeared, and, without look or remark, tendered him the nineteen and eightpence of change and left him once more alone. There could now he no doubt of his good fortune ; there lay the hard, heavy metal received in change for the note; he hit it, weighed it in Ms hand, smelt at it, and even tasted it—yet it remained tangible and firm. As a. final test, however, he took one of the gold watches, left the hotel, and found his way to a jeweller's on the Bridge, where he showed the watch and asked what was its real value. The shopman eyed him keenly, then opened the watch, read the name of an Edinburgh firm inside, and then sharply enquired— "Were you wishing to sell the watch?'* Bell was frightened at the look and tone, which made him feel as guilty as a thief, and stammered out— " Oh, no; I just wanted to know its real value—what it would sell for." "The watch is perfectly new; is it your own ?" quietly pursued the jeweller. " Yes, I have just got it—in a—yes, in a sort of a present, as it were." "Ah! I understand," and the, jeweller smiled kindly and beamingly into Bell's face, at the same time sharply pressing an ornamental brass knob on the counter, which was followed by the share " ting " of a hell in the premises at the back. " Well, the selling price of the watch is £10 lOs., but it is scarcely possible that you would get the same for it over again. Have you had it long?" • , . " Ho—o—o ; not very," was the hesi tating reply. " I just got it to-day," .and he held his hand out to receive it-hack ; .Mt the jeweller had now fitted a glass to his eye, and appeared to he absorbed in a close examination of the works. " Ah 1 You see, however short a time you may have had the watch, it must now rank as second-hand," he remarked; and then, much to the surprise of Bell, he entered into a minute description of the . various kinds of watches and their make, till a second " ting" of the bell at the back -was heard, when he abruptly handed back "the watch to his visitor and bade him good , Bight. , Now, the moment the bell had sounded in the jeweller's workshop an assistant tugged on his coat and ran out by a side iioor, looking sharply on either side, till he reached the corner of the High-street, where he chanced to get his eye on M'Sweeny and myself talking to the police man engaged in keeping the " lazy corner" clear for passengers. " A suspicious character in our shop . offering a gold watch for sale ; keep an eye on him," was all he needed to say; and we got down to the shop door in time to see Bell come out, looking flashed and uneasy, it is true, but not at all like a thief or a robber in appearance. " He is not one of our bairns," I said to McSweeny; "but he looks uneasy and fearful. Let us keep him in sight, and see what he is after." Quite unconscious that he was being f el lowed, Bell turned into the High- street, and appeared to gain courage as he ad vanced, for he was soon strutting along 'with all the airs of a princo of the blood, till at last I was a little surprised to see him turn into a cheap hotel and disappear. "I thought a gentleman with his airs would have put up at Princess-street, at least," I laughingly remarked to McSweeny. '"Well, he seems a harmless fool; shall we go ?" \- "Not yet," said McSweeny, with a wink. " He has a raised look; p'r'aps he'll come out again, and try to lose some of his money ahout the High-street. Wait a minute till .'we see." * Meantime Mr. McKinnon, who, as I have aaid, was in haste to get rid of hi3 valuable freight, had, by bribing the cabman, been driven like.fury along Princess-street to the chief establishment of his employer, and leached it in time to report progress to the principal of the firm himself. This gen tleman, after taking down a formal entry of the business done by the traveller, and entering the same in the books, turned to the stock-book to mark off the various articles a9 they were produced !>? Mr. McKinnon from the portmanteau. The latter had "straightened himself" to a tolerable degree by hastily swallowing a bottle of soda water at Granton, and now produced his purse, took out a key, and unlocked the portmanteau. <f The watches first," he said, mechanically putting in his hand and lifting out a heavy parcel. " I only sold one of them, but I brought back three to repair and clean. Good heavens! what's this f An old linen shirt, very ragged! I did not put that in the portmanteau—I can swear I wrapped the cases very carefully in tissue paper, and padded them with newspapers. Gracious foodness 1 a lot of mason's chisels! I've een robbed 1" "Impossible!" exclaimed his employer, springing forward in dismay. "Did you actually let the portmanteau out of your possession ? I thought you at least would have known better." t( The portmanteau has never been for a moment out of my possession, and fast locked and the key in my purse all the time," said McKinnon paling with dismay. " There must be magic in it, for no thief could have opened the thing without me instantly de tecting the attempt. Ha I here's an envelope, perhaps a letter explaining, no, it's only a tooth comb. Curses on it! how has the thing been done, and the portmanteau never & moment out of my sight P Here's a pair of striped cotton shirts, a moleskin jacket, and another comb. Something heavy down here wrapped in paper—perhaps one of the clocks; no, it's a mason's wooden mallet! Well, here is a mystery !" and perfectly aghast, he straightened his back and stared blankly and helplessly in his employer's face. "It is no mystery at all, I fear," gravely put in the jeweller. " You have got drunk again, and allowed the portmanteau to be tampered with. These things have evi dently been put in merely to fill up and weight the portmanteau, for in themselves they are worthless. "I was not drunk, nor could the case have been tampered with," earnestly re turned McKinnon, too agitated to allow his passion to rise. "Ha! yes! it might have been done then," he added, with a sudden start. " As the train was Bearing Burnt Island I felt a little tired, and allowed my eyes to close for a minute or two, but with my feet resting all the time on the port manteau. One insolent young man sat on the same seat with me—a thievish-looking character, not unlike a mason in appearance —and it is just possible that be might have opened the case with a false key while my eyes were closed, and changed the contents for his own rubbish. " A very likely story !" cried the enraged jeweller. " You were drunk—must have baen. How could the mau remove the things unless you bad been senseless, and how°are we possibly to lay bands on him now e " I have a clue—I board mm ask for a cheap hotel, and the porter at the station directed him to the High-street the very place where such a man would seek to hide. I'll find though I should have to tramp through every hotel and house to do it. Send °word to the Police- Oitiea _ at once, while I take a cab over to the High-street and soe what I can accomplish alone." He seemed so sensible and self-reliant .-that the jeweller was reluctantly compelled .to let him take his own way. A cab was instantly called to take a messenger up .to the Central Office, and at the same time rattle Mr. McKinnon over the hotels f urthe." •down the street. The third establishment which he cliaucea to enter was the right one, but unfortu nately at the moment he called Bell was on the bridge listening to the jeweller, whose opinion be bad sought regarding the gold watcb. " j)id a young man put up here to-night, -.rather sunburned in the face, not unlike a • mason in appearance ?" he enquired at the bar, when he was instantly answered in the affirmative by the waiter who had changed the note for Bell so shortly before. "No. 34," be said, with business-like curtness. " Co right up. I think you will find him in his bedroom." . . McKinnon needed no second invitation. Up he ran till, in a dimly-lighted lobby, he found the bedroom numbered " 34/' rc ben he knocked sharply, and receiving 110 reply, boldly threw open the door and entered. The room was empty, so far aa a human hem0* was concerned ; butj though the light was turned down, McKinnon's eye in stantly sighted an object — propped on a > chair and glistening at him through the dim light—which horrffied aud froze him into rigidity more than if it had been the ghost of bis grandmother. He staggered slowly back towards the door, rubbed bis eyes, and looked agvun. The ghostly object was still there; and he sank faintly and nervelessly into a chair. "By all the fiends, there's my portman teau—followed me over all the way from Princes-street, and standing there as inno cently as if nothing waB wrong. I must be either haunted or mad. Let me think for a moment—let me think." But the more he thought the more in comprehensible did the thing become; and at last, with a superhuman effort, be dragged himself forward to the magic portmanteau, and, stooping down, read the railway label \- stuck on the outside. _ ' Yes, it's mine—no doubt about it,' he tremblingly stuttered—"'Perth to Edin burgh'—the very ticket I stuck on it with my own hands in case of accidents. Let's see if the key fits." He opened the portmanteau, and uttered a shout of joy as he once more sighted its glittering contents. Hastily turning them over, he satisfied himself that all was there but the roll of bank-notes and one gold watch, and, relocking the portmanteau,lifted it in triumph and hurried out of the room. Just as he did so, Bell appeared on the landing from below, uttered a shout on seeing the robber stealing out of his bed room, and instantly collared him. " Hullo, you! what are you doing in my room and running off with my—my treasure ?" he angrily demanded, trying hard to choke the bulky form, but as tonished to find himself seized by the collar in turn. " Oh, ho! then this is your portmanteau, is it?" cried McKinnon. " Of course, it is." "And the treasure that's in it is yours too, perhaps?" " Yes, everything in it is mine." " Where did you get it ?" This was rather a staggerer. Bell was about to say that he got it by a peculiar gold charm only known to himself; but then, fearing he would be laughed at, he came back to the wonderfully commonplace statement— "Igot it—of course—I got it in the portmanteau." "Ithought so," hissed McKinnon, throt tling him nearly senseless. " You are my prisoner. In a moment the idea that he was in the grasp of an escaped maniac flashed upon Bell; and with a terrific effort he wrenched himself free, dashed his fist in McKinnon's face, and gave out a shout for the police that was audible away down in the street where McSweeny and myself were standing. But here Bell's brief triumph came to an end. McKinnon was what is known as a fighting man—that is one who, though not a professional pugilist, gloried iu his mus cular arms and big fists, and prided him self on the science and skill displayed in his boxing. Be dropped the portmanteau, and instantly Bell felt as if a twenty-four pounder had been fired with unerring aim at his right eye. Then a flat paving stone appeared to hit him on the back of the head; and he was just conscious of lying on his back, with a sledge hammer thudding at him all over the legs and body. Putting out bis arms in a desperate grapple, he managed to seize and overturn the traveller; and then, wreathed together, and pounding away like demons at each other's heads and noses and bodies, tbey rolled to the edge of the step and down the entire flight of stairs to the front of the bar,- where we picked them up and pulled them asunder. McKinnon was considerably scratched about the face, and bleeding profusely at tbe nose, with one of bis eyes nearly closed; but as for Bell, he had no eyes at all—visible— and had to make bis charge guided solely by the sound of tbe traveller's cursing and swearing. " I charge that man with robbery and assault," he said, indicating the spot where M'Kinnon was being held out of harm's way. "He was coming out of my bed room, hearing the portmanteau, which con tains all the treasure I have in the world— gold and silver watches, brooches, and other valuables." " Which were all stolen from me in the railway train—portmanteau and all," shrieked M'Kinnon, with another desperate effort to get at Bell. " Take him away, officer—take us both, portmanteau and all, and see who is the thief before you let off either of us." Ibis last seemed the most reasonable and sensible proposal that could be made, more especially as the man produced a card of a Princes-street jeweller, to whom he said the whole of the " treasure" belonged. We marched them off accordingly, each loudly accusing the other as a robber and a villain every step of the way, and both so defiant and irrascible that, after a brief examina tion, we had to lock them in separate cells till the jeweller himself could be sent for. When tnis gentleman arrived, bring ing with him the portmanteau with Bell's shirts, tools, and other belongings, the whole mystery was speedily explained,.and as Bell by this time had gravely tendered an account of the success of his "gold charm," he looked terribly crestfallen and foolish whea his property was restored to him, and the "treasure" returned to the rightful owner. As the two fighters made mutual admissions of carelessness in the mixing of the portmanteaus in the train, and it was soon evident that there had been no intention to steal oa either side, the prisoners were both dismissed, after leav ing a deposit to ensure their appearance next morning on a charge of creating a dis turbance. The two adjourned to an hotel, where they blindly anh blinkingly pledged each other's health till a late hour. Next morning they were each fined in five shil lings, and dismissed with a caution, after which Bell vanished from the city, a sadder and a wiser man. 