TAKING THE POLL. IT waiearly dawn on the —th of November when I rolled op my dormitorial swag on the mud floor t>f the humpy that was to do duty as balloting-bboth during that eventful day, on which the fortunes of two out of half-a-dozen aspirants to legislative honors were : to be .decided. The polling-place, which by the patronage of my old school chum, the returning-officer for fiullancoira, had fallen to my charge, with a two-guinea fee in prospect, besides other pickings, WSB really, a charming spot. To reach it an arm of the sea bad to be crossed, and the stormy weather of the previous evening, followed by a rather lengthy tramp under the guidance of a blackfellow, bad so wearied me that on arrival I had hardly unstrapped my blankets and lain down, regardless of anakes and cockroaches, on mother earth before I was fast asleep. The aspect ot the scene neit morning came to me, therefore, with all the novelty of a surprise. In front, at a couple of hundred yards distance, spread the waters of the Pacific, gleaming with that indefinable opalescecne which invests the surface of the calmly slumbering deep in the still soft hour that precedes the too rapid sunrise of as Australian summer morning. The tide wss running out, and as its receding waveletB creamed along the whitoeands they disclosed little by littl«, the sinuous outlet of the tiny creek, on whose bank my rude sleepingplace of the past night stood, whimpering along over its pebbly bed, more than half hidden by tree-feros and myrtles, its low converse mingled pleasantly with the soughing of the morning breeze in the gaunt gum-tree topi, with the orisons of the awakening dcadsB, and the subdued trumpeting of the inquisitive magpie as he eyed my outdoor preparations for a hasty breakfast with a curious eye. The hut that ia to witness the solemn and deliberate choice ot the free and independent of the district has done duty in its time as a native police station. Time has dealt gently with its slab walls and rngged roof, and, although the doors and windows have long since rooted off their raw-bide ties, the interior still possesses every convenience fox complying with the requirements of 'the Act.' There are two apartments—an outer one, still boasting the rudely-rigged bushman'a bunk that serves me for an office table; and an inner, where, at a triangular shelf behind the partition, the voter can select his men and obliterate his political adversaries in perfect concealment. Breakfast over, and the fragments consigned to my swarthy guide, I re-enter the hut and prepare for the duties of the day. An impromptu whisk of tea-tree, deftly wielded by that royal personage (his name was King 'Jimmy) aenda the dust of half a generation £jiag, and causes fearful havoc among ^tarantulas, centipedes, and other lire occupants of the polling booth, who have yet a long course of evolution . to undergo before they become fit for tbb franchise. A Use blanket, spread, on the nneren boards of the sleeping bunk— I always, on principle, avoid u«ing one of these snake traps for its legitimate purpose, especially in a long uoinhabited hut—gives that piece of furniture quite a buaiaesa end office like appearance; and when the bran new ballot box, still clammy with varnisb, is displayed thereon, and my papers, pen*, inkBtand, and other paraphernalia are all neatly laid out, I begin to realise with intense satisfaction the immense importance of the functions of a presiding officer as high priest of the free and glorious ballot, which for one day only gives all true-born Queenslanders a voice in the administration of their magnificent country. Half-past 8 o'clock ; one short half-hour and my responsibilities will begin. Those responsibilities include the maintenance of order during the polling, and the arrest of any person attempting to disturb the proceedings. So say the ' Instructions to Beturning-officers,' &c.;, which I have read over so often during the last day or two that it would be a relief to feel oneself a composer, so as to be able to set them to music. Was it altogether prudent, without securing police assistance, to undertake functions so onerous in this wild place ? Tis said that, for all it seems so peaceful and solitary, the population round about, mostly lumberers, aie a rough and ready 1st, much given to the secreting of kegs of undutiod rum caBt up by the waves, and as little likely to respect Jthe halo that encircles a presiding officer as they would to leave un- tapped any items of spirituous jetsam that fell in their way. I picture to myself with some trepidation the possibility of having to arrest, eingle banded, in virtue of my office, four or five of these giants, with limbs steeled by constant familiarity with maul and wedges; and am lost in contemplation of the means for disposing of my prisoners— when csnght. However, there is no help for it. Matters have proceded too far to recede now; besides, there remains the cLance of one or more tcrutineers arriving who would help to keep me in countenance. " Nine o'clock; time to open the poll. In default of any other witness I summon King Jimmy, and in hie presence formally unlock the ballot-box, and turning it upaide down, d la Bobert Houdin, to show that ' there is no deception,' relock it, and sliding the key into the innermost penetralia of my pantaloons, with an attitude implying that only death shall wrest it from me, replace the fatal casket in position. Now, come one, come all, they will find me equal to either fortune. Fire, ten, twenty minuteB pass; but nary voter. These timber-getting gentry are doubtless making holiday, and ou such occasions bed and breakfast have Circean charms for the bard-handed toiler. Bidiculous to expect a soul before 10 o'clock. Still I feel a vague sensation of restlessness and discontent overpower me. ' Come in, King Jimmy, and be Bworn in aB a special constable ; there's no peace to keep, unfortunately, or rather there's more than I can away with, but any pretext will serve for the Bight of a human face.' Alas, the poor devil hBs slunk away out of sight. That ceremonial manipulation of the bsllot-boz— too suggestive of an infernal machinehas perturbed his spirit, and he deems it prudent to keep a safe interval between himself and the uncanny thing. "Would that the day's work were done, nevertheless. This solitary confinement is getting confoundedly slow, and I'd give all seraphic visions that fancy ever called up for a long drink of 500I shandygaff and one of Ouida's novels. Ha! the very thought excites thirst. In the haunts of men it is 12 o'clock: not the ghost of a human beine, much lesB a voter, has shown up yet. If shandygaff is unattainable, the babbling streamlet tells of cool water close by, and there is a flask in my valise that will serve to 1 medicate ' the animalcula)! What a noble pretext, by the way, are said animalculas! It were a tame world without its due proportion of vibriones and vorticillaria. Thus musing, with a hasty glance around, and bestowing a defiant malediction on the ' instructions,* I arm myself with a pannikin and the anti-vibrionic elixir, and rush down to the creek. The change from the blazing sun and fierce sea- breeze to the cool stillnesB of the fern and myrtle copse that shades the amber-coloured yet limped waters • is delightful. The tiny rill has hollowed out for itself a succession of basins, in whose depths the flashing dace and uncouth crayfish are gambolling, and, as the benignant moisture trickles from one to another over cushions of emerald moss, stray sunbeams pl'wt lovingly through the latticed fronds above upon its quivering surface. Fount of Bandusia, more than crystal bright, Worthy of goblels brimmed with wine and flowers; or aromatic Schiedam schnapps, which forms an equally appropriate libation ; and again and again I slake my thirst with the refreshing compound. I have just time to note that a huge dragon-fly, that soars, immovably poised liko a piece of rainbow, just over the pool, is eyeing me vindictively, as though resenting my intrusion on its domain, whtn the pricking of a conscience rendered pretcrnaturally sensitive by pro- longed solitude drives me back to the but. Thank G-od, nothing has occurred during the interval to create embarrassment. The ballot-box stands undisturbed, and the only thing approaching to a riot has been caused by the wind, which has been mixing up my voting, papers, scrutineers' declaration*, and anti-bribery formularies in a most unconstitutional manner, and blowing them all over the place. Picking up and sorting these Sybilline leaves (some of which I discover among the self-sown pumkin-vines that mark the site of the former garden) serves to while away another hour, and has the effect of bringing King Jimmy once more within hail. His Majesty has in the meantime discovered and ' burgled' (as the Yankees say) an unusually fine 'sugarbag ;' and as it is now dinner-time, and be has more than sufficient to cloy even a blackfellow's appetite, I' trade' some of my sandwiches for a dessert of honey, and master ,and man feaBt fraternally and sumptuously together on the dense sward of couch that has taken the place of former cultivation. Dinner over, for the first time I begin to realise the possibility of having to return to PudcUefeorough without bagging • single rote In little more than two hours the poll must be closed ; and although, for that matter, I would willing have waited all night, and next day into the bargain, rather than incur the teptoach of coming bach with a maiden ballot-box, the ' instrucionB' on that head were most explicit, and 1 clearly saw that unless I could incite King Jimmy to cause a riot, ana th us give me an excuse for adjourning the proceedings, 4 pm. would see the end of my unfruitful labors. The apprehension lest I should be mobbed by the manhood suffragans of the neighbourhood now gave way to a burning desire for the appearance of at least a few of these wild men of the woods. In my then mood I would have welcomed even a ' personater' to my bosom, and a blind or illiterate voter, whose presence might in some sort justify my appointment, would have raised me to the seventh heaven of content. King Jimmy's name was not on the roll, so there was no colorable excuse for taking his vole, openly or otherwise; but, by heavens, I was very near it at one time. I verily believe that had a band, armed with adzes and stavos, and fired with drift rum, sallied forth from the scrub, with the express object of' taking their change' out of the ' poll cove,' I could have died with a smile on my lips. Three o'clock: no change of scene, 6ave as regards the tide, which is dashing merrily in, and triumphantly obliterating the Penelopean labors "of tboBe little bullet-shaped crabs, whose melancholy assiduity in forming every ebb tide, a large agglomeration of neatly-rounded sand-balls 1 have watched during the long morning hours with mingled amusement and pity. Poor little crustacean idiots! y our lot is analsgous to mine. Strenua not exercit inertia, both of ua ; but the fruitless labour of your claws and mandibles ceases only _ with life, whereas my task ... will be ended—Qracias a Dios—within the next hour . On the land side the more oblique fays A ® green, and indigo-blue tints of the forest, with its background of towering jungle, topped here and there with the funeral creBt of some giant pine. In the foreground, prone in a sort of alcove formed by the overhanging end of a half-conBumed hollow log, lies King Jimmy, fast asleep. The cicadas are still chirrupping on the tree-tops, but their song lacks continuity, and mingles pleasantly with other sounds of bird and insect life chat become prominent as the afternoon wears on. A white low bank of cloud in the far distance, whence proceed muffled reverberations, tells of an ap proaching thunderstorm, and for the moment diverts my thoughts from the all- engrossing subject of the poll. The idea of another night on the floor of that humpy, with an elemental war raging outside, and the scared foreBt creatures—order reptilia — coming into my dormitory for shelter, is no pleasant. I mentally quote Wellington's celebrated aspiration at Waterloo, and instantly reject it as inapplicable to my present situation. In the first place ray boatman's name is not blucher, but Brannigan, aud if evening should come on without Brannigan— or with him for that matter, the consolation* trould be small, as I have a couple of miles' tramp before me in order to reach the boatlanding on the other aide of He peninsula. Now Brannigan, taking a kindly interest in my welfare, had kindly volunteered to come across and help me along with my baggage whentbearduous labours ofthe day were over. The remembrance of bis promise suddenly invests this individual with an interest I could hardly explain to myself, and aa his burly Bbambling form emerges from the scrub I find myself mechanically fumbling for my watch. Five minuteB to 4. There iB not a moment to be lost. How leisurely the fellow shuffles along ; his coarse shirt flung wide open to the sea-breeze, and his blowzy lips mumbling a straw of kangaroograss, a la Palmerston, on a level of bis red pump-bandle nose. At length, after a mortal suspense of two and a-half minutes, Brannigan'e big head and shoulders obscure the window, while a decided odor of whisky contends successfully with the more refined fumes that still linger about my—alas)— now empty flask. Brannigan suggests, in a voice slightly muffled by spirituous emotion, that I might as well look up the (sanguinary) roll and see if he be entitled to vote. With a tremor of joy I put my finger on the place; yes, there he is—Jack Brannigan ; occupation, mariner; qualification, freehold, residence, Bally-Brannigan—all right and shipshape. Hastily initialling a votingpaper, and motioning h m into the ' pollingbooth ' with assumed indifference, I hand him the document, and, telling bim there is no time to lose, explain in a few words what he has to do in order to record his vote, Brannigan peers round the partition into the voting chamber with a perturbed and anxious expression, as if be were expecting a tap from the shillelagh of some compatriot concealed therein; but, finding nothing more formidable there than a carpenter's pencil, edges in, little by little, and begins scratching at a great rate. All this time I bad known better than to look at my watch—the axiom laid down in those confounded ' instructions'—In no cine should a vote be taken qfler 4 o'clock—aingins all the while in my ears, and forming itself to my dazed vision in Belsbazzar characters on „,.-•,•„_•„ the opposite wall. At • last Brannigan . emerges from his concealment, and, holding the paper, crumpled up in most intricate fashion, aloft, finally manages to insert it into the slit of the ballot-box. The fatal spell was broken. Begard for appearances alone restrained me from falling on the noble fellow's neck and shedding tears of gratitude. As the only possible alternative I consulted my watch. It had stopped at precisely 4 o'clock. I raised my eyes to heaven, the bark roof alone intervening, and adored the special Providence that had saved my scruples. Then, in my best official tone, 'I declare this poll closed,' and prepare for a start. Two days afterwards, in the return of votes taken within the Bullancowa electorate, there appeared the following item:— BALLT-BSAKXIOAS. Smitlieri. Snooks. Siniley. Stubba. Sly. Squpers. O 0 0 0 0 0 Informal. Total. . 1 1 The fellow had, in his confounded ignorance ——but avast there, Mr. Presiding n Officer ___ ! The Act explicitly prohibits you from can-1 nesting ANY giveu yotiog-paper with any I given voter; and though you may have your own suspicions, and those pretty strong ones eternal secrecy must officially conceal the identity of the one informal vote that was given at the polling-booth of Bally-Brannigan. IDLE QUILL. —Qoeensland-er. 