Sir Gibbie. By GEO. MACDONALD, LL.D. [The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XXXVIII.— The Muckle Hoose. The next morning, Janet felt herself in duty bound to make inquiry concerning those interested in MissGalbraith. She made therefore the best of her way with Gibbie to tho muckle hoosc, but, as the latter expected, found it a ruin in a wilderness. Acres of trees and shrubbery had dis appeared, and a hollow waste of sand and gravel was in their place. What was left of the house stood on the edge of a red gravelly precipice of fifty feet in height, at whose foot In.. 4 1. /- 4-1 ?- a In'f/itinn-nnnnp 1*1 nrhi/tli lln/1 VlAAtl +liA room whence Gibbie carried Ginevra. The newer part of the house was gone from its very roots ; the ancient portion, all innovation w iped from it, stood grim, desolated, marred and defiant as of old. Not a sign of life was about the place ; the very birds had fled. Angus had been there that same morning, and had locked or nailed up every possible entrance ; the place looked like a rum of centuries. With difficulty they got down into the gulf, with more difficulty crossed the burn, clambered up the rocky bank on tbe opposite side, and knocked at the door of the gamekeeper's cettage. But they saw only a little girl, who told them her father had gone to find the laird, that her mother was ill in bed, and Mistress M'Farlane on her way to her own people. It came out afterwards that when Angus and the house keeper heard Gibbie's taps at the window, and, looking out, saw nobody there, but the burn within a few yards of tlie house, they took the warning for a supernatural interference to the preservation of their lives, and fled at once. Passing the foot of tlie stair, Mistress M'Farlane shrieked to Ginevra to come, but ran on without waiting a reply. They told afterwards that 6he left the house with them, and that, suddenly missing her, they went back to look for her, but could find her nowhere, and were just able to make their second escape with their lives, hearing the house fall into ' the burn behind them. Mistress M'Farlane had been severe as the law itself against lying among the maids, but now, when it came to her own defence where she knew herself wrong, she lied just like one of the wicked. ' My dear missie,' said Janel when they got home, 'ye maun write to yer father, or he'll be oot 0' 's wute aboot yer.' Ginevra wrote therefore to the Duke's, and to tho laird's usual address in London as well ; but he was on his way from the one place to the other when Angus overtook him, and received neither letter. Now came to the girl a few such days of delight, of free dom, of life, as she had never even dreamed of. She roamed Gla&hgar; with Gibbie, the gentlest, kindest, most interest ing of companions. Wherever his sheep went, she went too and to many places besides — some of them such strange, wild, terrible places, as would have terrified her without him. How he startled her once by darting off a roek, like a sea gull, straight, head- foremost, into the Death-pot I She screamed with horror, but he had done it only to amuse her ; for, after what seemed to her a fearful time, he came, smiling out of the terrible darkness. Whata brave, beautiful boy he was ! He never hurt anything, and nothing ever seemed to hurt him. And what anumber of things he knew. He showed her things on the mountain, things in the sky, things in the pools and streams wherever they went. He and then the things themselves told her. Shewasnot always certain she saw just what she wanted her to see, but she did better than tell her about them, he made her see them, always saw something that made her glad with knowledge. He had a New Testament Janet had given him, which lie carried iu his pocke., and when she joined him. fjr he was always out with bis sheep hours before she was up, she would generally find him seated on a stone, or lying in the heather, with the little book in his hand, looking soi em 11 and hwcet. But the moment he .saw her, he would spring merrily' up to welcome her. It were indeed an argument against reli-. gion, as strong as sad, if one of the children the kingdom specially claims could not be possessed by the life of tho Sou of God without losing his simplicity and joyousness. Those of my readers will be the least inclined to doubt the bov, who, by obedience, have come to know its reward. For obedience alone holds wide the poor for the entrant of the spirit of wisdom. There «ni &» little to wonder at in Gibbie as there was much to love and admire, for from the taomcnt when, yet a mere child, he heard there was such a one claiming his obedience, he began to turn to him the Stealing oar, the willing' heart, the ready hand. The main thing which rendered this devotion more easy and natural to him than to others was, that, more than in most, the love of man bad in him prepared the way of the Lord. He who eo loved the sons of men was ready to love the Son of Man the moment he hoard of him ; love makes obedience a joy ; and of him who obeys all heaven is the patrimony — he* is lellow-licir with Christ. On the fourth day the rain, which had been coming and going, finally cleared off, the sun was again glorious, and the farmers began to bene a little for the drying and ripen ing of some portion of their crops. Then first Ginevra asked Gibbie to take her down to Glashruach ; she wanted to see the ruin they had described to her. When she came sear, and notions changed into visible facts, she neither wept nor wailed ; she felt miserable, it is true, but it was at finding that the evident impossibility of returning thither for a long time woke in her pleasure and not pain. So utterly altered was the look of everything, that had she come upon it unexpectedly she would not have recognised cither place or house. They went up to a door. She seemed never to have seen it : but when they entered she knew it as one front the hall into a passage, which, with what it led to, being gone, the inner had become an outer door. A quantity of sand was heaped up in the hall, and tho wain scot was wet and swelled, and bulging. They went into the dining-room. It was a miserable sight — the very picture of the sou I of a drunkard. The thick carpet was sodden — spongy like a bed of moss after heavy rains ; the leather chairs looked diseased: the colour was all gone from the table ; the paper hung loose from the walls ; and everything lay where the water, after floating it about, had let it drop as it ebbed. She ascended the old stone stair which led to her father's rooms above, went into his study, in which not a chair was out of its place, and walked towards the window to look across to where once had been her own chamber, liut as she approached it, there, behind the curtain, she saw her father, motionless, looking out. She turned pale, and stood. Kvcn at such a time, had she known he was in the house, she would not have dared set her foot in that room. Gibbie, who had followed and entered behind her, perceived her hesitation, saw and recognised the back of the laird, knew that she was afraid of her father, and stood also, waiting he knew not what. 'Kh ! ' he said to himself, ' hers is no like mine ! Nac mony has had fathers sac guid's mine.' Becoming aware of a presence, the laird half turned, and seeing Gibbie, imagined he had entered in a prowling way, supposing the place deserted. With stately offence he asked him what he wanted there, and waved his dismissal. Then first he saw another, standing white-faced, with eyes fixed upon him. He turned pale also, and stood staring at her. Trie memory of that moment ever after disgraced him in his own eyes: for one instant of unreasoning weakness, he imagined he saw a ghost — believed what he said he know to bo impossible. It was but one moment, but it might have been more, had not Ginevra walked slowly up to him, saying in a trembling voice, as if she expected the blame of all that had happened. ' I couldn't help it, papa.' He took bar in his arms, and, for the first time since the disco very of her atrocious familiarity with Donal, kissed her. She clung to him, trembling now with pleasure as well as apprehension. But, alas! there was no impiety in the faithlessness that pronounced such a joy too good to endure, and the end came yet sooner than she feared. For, when the father roBe erect from her embrace, and was again the laird, there, to his amazement, still stood the .old-looking, outlandish intruder, smiling with the most impertinent interest ! Gibbie had forgotten himself altogether, behold ing what he took for a thorough reconciliation. ' Go away, boy. You have nothing to do here,' said the laird, ang^r almost overwhelming his precious dignity. ' Oh papa !' cried Ginevra, clasping her hands, ' that's Gibhio ! lie saved my life. I should have boon drowned but for him.' The laird was both proud and Btupid, therefore more than ordinarily slow to understand what he was unprepared to hear. ' I am much obliged to him,' he said haughtily ; ' but there is no occasion for him to wait.' At this point his sluggish mind began to recall some thing : — why, this was the very boy he saw in the meadow with hor that morning ! — Ho turned fiercely upon him where he lingered, either hoping for a word of adieu from Ginevra, or unwilling to go while she was uncomfortable. ' Leave the house instantly,' he said, ' or I will knock you down.' ' Opapa !' moanod Ginevra wildly — it was the braver of Iibt that she was trembling from head to foot, 'don't speak so to Gibbie. He is a good boy. It was he that Angus whipped so cruelly — long ago; I have never, been able to forgot it.' Her father was confounded at her presumption : how dared sho expostulate with him ! She had grown a bold, bad girl ! Good heavens ! Evil communications ! ' If he does not get out of this directly,' he cried ' I will have him whipped again. Angus.' He shouted the name, and its ocho came back in a wild tone, altogether strange to Ginevra. He seemed struggling in the meshes of an evil dream. Involuntarily she uttered a cry of terror and distress. Gibbie was at her side instantly, putting out his hand to comfort her. She was just laving hers on his arm, scarcely knowing what she did, when her father seized him, and dashed him to tho other side of the room. He went stagger ing backwards, vainly trying to recover himself and fell, his head striking against the wall. The same instant AngUB entered, saw nothing of Gibbio where he lay, and approached his master. But when he caught sight of Ginevra, he gave a gasp of terror that endod in a broken yell, and stared as if he had come suddenly on the vertre of the bottomless pit, while all round his head his hair stood out as if he had boon electrified. Before he came to himself, Gibbie had recovered and risen. He saw now that he could be of no servicc to Ginevra, and that his presence only mado things worse for her. But he saw also that she was unhappy about him, and that must not be. He broke into such a merry laugh — and it had need to be merry for it had to do the work of many words of reassurance — that she could scarcdy refrain from a half hysterical response as he walked from the room. The moment he was out of tho house, he began to sing; and for manv minutes, as he walked up the gulf hollowed by the Clashburn, Ginevra could hear the strange other world voice, and knew it was meant to hold communion with her and comfort her. ' What do you know of that fellow, Angus? ' asked his master. ' He's the* verra deevil himsel', sir,' muttered Angus, whom Gibbie's laughter had in a measure brought to his senses. ' Yon will see that he is sent off the property at oncc — and for good, Angus,' said the laird. ' His insolence is insufferable. The scoundrel ! ' On the pretext of following Gibbie, Angus was only too glad to leave the room. Then Mr. Galbraith turned upon his daughter. ' So, Jenny ! ' he said, withl his loose lips pulled out straight, 'that is the sort of companion you choose when left to yourself ! — a low, beggarly, insolent scamp! — scarcely the equal of the brutes he has the charge of ! ' ' They're sheep, papa! ' pleaded Ginevra, in a wail that rose almost to a scream. ' I do believe the girl is an idiot ! ' said her father, and turned from her contemptuously. ' I think I am, papa,' she sobbed. ' Don't mind me. Xiet me go away, ana I will never trouble you any more.' She would go to the mountain, she thought, and be a shepherdess with Gibbie. Her father took her roughly by the arm, pushed her into a closet, looted the door, went anil had his lunchoon, and in the afternoon, having borrowed Snowball, took her just as she was, drove to meet the mail coach, and in the middle of tbe nignt was set down with her at the principal hotel in the city, whence the next morning, he set out early to find a school where he might leave her and his responsibility with her. When Gibbie knew himself beyond the hearing of Ginevra, his song died away, and he went home sad. The pro tie girl had stepped at once from the day into the und he was troubled for her. But he remembered that sho had another father besides the laird, and comforted himself. When he readied home, he found his mother in serious talk with a Granger. The tears were in Jher cyf», and had wen running down her rhe»-ka, but (Jie was calm and dig nified as usual. 'Here be comes!' she ssid as be entwd. 'The will 'ne J»rd be dene— noo an* for evrrtnair ' I'm at his bid din*. An' Gibbie.' r It was Mr. S later. The witrh Jiad wiled h*r brooder well. TChaj-ter XXXIX.— Dai i:-.--TUEEr. One bright afternoon, toward* the close of the autumn, the sun hhining straight down one of the wide clean stony of the city, with a warmth which he had not been able to impart to the air, a company of school-girls, two and two in long file, mostly with innocent, ana, for human beings, rather uninterertinp face*, was walking in orderly manner, a female grenadier at its head, along the pave ment, more than usually composed, from having the sun in ''clr eyes. Amongst the faces there was one very different from the rest, a countenance almost solemn and a little xad, or still regular features, in the eyes of which by loving (nrcsaugbt hare been road uneasy thought patiently carried, and the lack of some essential to conscious well-being. The other girls were looking on this side and that, eager to catch sight of anything to trouble monotony of the daily walk ; but the evca of this one were cast down, except when occasionally lifted in answer to words of the schoolmistress, the grenadier, by whose side she was walking. They were lovely brown even, trustful and sweet, and although, as I have said, a little sad, they never rose, even in reply to the commonest remark, without abinin^ a little. Though vounger than not a few of them, and very plainlv dressed, like all the others — I have a suspicion that Scotch mothers dress their girls rather too plainlv, which tends to the growth of an undue and degrading fore of dress — she was not so girlish, was indeed, in some respects, mare of a young woman than even the gvivemess who walked by the side of them. Suddenly came a rush, a confusion, a fluttering of the dove, whence or how none seemed to know, a gentle shriek from several of Ihe girls, a general sense of question and no answer ; but, as their ru filed nerve* composed themselves a little, there was the vision of the schoolmistress poking the point of her parasol at a heedless face, radiant with smile*, that of an odd-looking lad, as they thought, who had got hold of one of the daintily gloved hands of her companion, laid a hand which, considered conventionally, was not that of a gentleman, upon her shoulder, and stood, without a word, gazing with rapturous delight. ' Go away, boy ! What do vou mean by such imperti nence ?' cried the outraged Miss Kimble, changing her thrust, and poking in his chest the parasol with which she had found impossible actually to assail his smiling counte nance. — Such a strange- looking creature ! He could not be in his sound senses, she thought. In the momentary meantime, however, she had failed to observe that, after the first start and following tremor, her companion stood quite still, and was now looking in the lad's face with rosoate cheeks and tear-filled eyes, apparently forgetting to draw her hand from his, or to move her shoulder from under his caress. The next moment, up, with hasty yet dignified step, came the familiar form of their own minister, the Rev. Clement Sclater, who with reproof in his countenance, which was red with annoyance and haste, laid his hands on the lad's shoulders to draw him from the prey on which he had pounced. ' Remember, you are not on a hill-side, but in a respect able street,' said the reverend gentleman, a little fool ishly. The youth turned his head over his shoulder, not other wise changing his attitude, and looked at him with some bewilderment. Then, not he, but the young lady spoke. ' Gibbie and I are old friends,' she 'said, and reaching up 1 laid hor free hand in turn on his shoulder, as if to protect him — for, needlessly with such grace and strength before her, the vision of an old horror came rushing back on the mind of Ginevra. Gibbio had darted from hiE companion's side some hundred yards off. The cap which Mr. Sclater had insisted on his wearing had fallen as he ran, and he had never missed it ; his hair stood out on all sides of his head, and the sun behind him shone in it like a glory, just as when first be appeared to Ginevra in the peat-moss, like an angel standing over her. Indeed, while to Miss Kimble and the girls he was ' a mad-like object ' in his awkward ill fitting clothes, made by a village tailor in the height of the village fashion, to Ginevra he looked hardly less angelic now than he did then. His appearance, judged without prejudice, was rather that of a saUor boy on shore thau a shepherd boy from the hills. ' MiBs Galbraith !' said Miss Kimble, in the tone that indicates nostrils distended, 'I am astonished at you! What an example to the school ! I never knew you mis behave yourself before ! Take vour liamd from this— this — very strange-looking person's shoulder directly.' Ginevra obeyed, but Gibbie stood as before. ' Remove your hand, boy, instantly,' cried Miss Kimble, growing more and more angry, and began knocking the hand on the girl's shoulder with her parasol, which ap parently Gibbie took for a joke, for he laughed aloud. ' Pray do not alarm yourself, ma'am,' said Mr. Sclater, slowlv recovering his breath : he was not yet quite sure of Gibbie, or confident how be6t he was to be managed ; ' this young — gentleman is Sir Gilbert Galbraith, my ward. Sir Gilbert, this lady is Miss Kimble. You must have known her father well — the Rev. Matthew Kimble of the next parish to your own r' Gibbie smiled. lie did not nod, for that would have meant that he did know him, and he did not remember having ever even heard the name of the Rev. Matthew Kimble. ' Oh !' said the lady, who had ceased her battery, and stood bewildered and embarrassed — the more that by this time the girls had all gathered round, staring aud wonder ing. Ginevra's eves too had filled with wonder ; she cast them down, and a' strange smile began to play about her sweet strong mouth. All at once she was in the middle of a fairy tale, and had not a notion what was coming next. Her dumb shepherd boy a baronet ! — and, more wonderful still, a Galbraith ! She must be dreaming in the wide street ! The last she had seen of him was as he was driven from the house by her father, when he had just saved her life. That was but a few weeks ago, and here he was, called Sir Gilbert Galbraith ! It was a delicious bit of wonderment. ' Oh !' said Miss Kimble a second time, recovering her self a little. ' I see ! A relative, Miss Galbraith ! I did not understand. That of course sets everything right — at least— oven then — the open street, you know ! — You will understand, Mr. Sclater. — I beg your pardon, Sir Gilbert. I hope I did not hurt you with my parasol.' Gibbie again laughed aloud. 'Thank you,' said Miss Kimble, confused, and annoyed ?with herself for being so, especially before the girls. *? l? should be sorry to have hurt you. — Going to college, I pre sume, Sir Gilbert ?' Gibbie looked at Mr. Sclater. ' He is going to study with me for a while first,' answered the minister. ' I am glad to hear it. He could not do better,' said Miss Kimble. ' Come girls.' And with friendlv farewells, she moved on, her train after her, thinking with herself what a boor the young fellow was — the young — baronet ? — Yes, he must be a baronet ; he was too young to have been knighted already. But where ever could he have been brought up V Mr. Sclater had behaved so judiciously, and taken gentle pains to satisfy the old couple that they must part with Gibbie. One of the neighbouring clergy 'knew Mr. Sclater well, and with him paid the old people a visit, to help them to dismiss any lingering doubt that he was the boy'6 guar dian legally appointed. To their own common sense indeed it became plain that, except some such story was true, there could be nothing to induce him to come after Gibbie, or desire to take charge of the outcast ; but they did not feel thoroughly satisfied until Mr. Sclater brought Fergus Duff to the cottage, to testify to him as what he pretended. It was a sore trial, but amongst the griefs of losing him, no fear of his forgetting them was included. Mr. Sclater's main difficulty was with Gibbie himself. At first he laughed at the' absurdity of his going away from his father and mother and the sheep. They told him he was Sir Gilbert Galbraith. He answered on his slate, as well as by signs which Janet at least understood perfectly, that he had told them so, and had been so all the time, ' and what differ dosthatmak?' he added. Mr. Sclater told him he was — or would be, at least, he took care to add, when he came of age — a rich man as well as a baronet. ' Writch men.' wrote Gibbie. ' dee as they like, aud Lse bide.' Mr. Sclater told him it wa. only poor boys who rould do as thev pleased, for the law looked after boys like him. so that, when it arae into their hands, they might be capable of using their monev properly. Almost persuaded at length fhat be had no cfeoiee, that he -xmld no longer be his own mastfr, until he was one And twenty, be turned and looked at Janet, his eyes brimful of tears. She gave him a little nod. lie rose and went out, rlimbod the crest of Glashgar, and did not return to the cottage till midnipht. In the morning appeared on liis countenance sijrns of unuMial molve. Amid the many thoughts he had had the night before, had come to question— what he would do with the money when he had it — first of all what he could do for Janet and Robert and every one of their family ; and naturally enough to a Scotch boy, the first thing that ( occurred to liiin was, to give Donal money to go to college like Fergus Duff. In that he knew he made no mistake. It was not so easy to think of things for the rest, but that waF safe. Had not Donal said twenty times he would not mind being a herd all his life, if only he could go to college first But then he began to think what a long time it was before he would be one and twenty, and what a number things might come and go before 'then ; Donal might by that time hare a wife and children, and he could not leave them to go to college! Why should not Mr. Sclater manage somehow that Donal should go at once 'i It was^ now the end almost of October, and the college opened in November. Some other rich person would lend tliein the money, and lie would pay it, with compound interest, when he got his. Before he went to bed, he got his slate, and wrote as follows : — ' My dear minister, if you will teak Donal loo, and let him go to the kolledg, I will go with you, as seens ye like : but if ye will not, I will run awav.' When Mr. Sclater, who had a bed at the gamekeeper's, appeared the next morning, anxious to conclude the busi nehs, and get things in motion for their departure, Gibbie handed him the slate the moment he entered the cottage, and while he read, stood watching him. Now Mr. Sclater was a prudent man, and always^ looked ahead, therefore apparently took a long time to read Gibbie's very clear although unscholarly communication : before answering it, he must settle the probability of what Mrs. Sclater would think of the proposal to taKe two savages into her house together, where also doubtless the presence of this Donal would greatly interfere with the process of making a gentleman of Gibbie. Unable to satisfy himself, he raised his head at length, unconsciously shaking it as he did so. That instant Gibbie was out of the house. Mr. Sclater, perceiving the blunder he had made, hurried after him, but he was already out of 6ight. Returning in some dismay, he handed the slate to Janet, who, with sad, resigned counten ance, was baking. She rubbed the oatmeal dough from her hands, took tie slate, and read with a smile. ' Ye maunna tak Gibbie for ayoungcowt, Maister Sclater an' *hinlr tc brak him in,' she said, after a thoughtful pause, ' or ye'll hae to learn yer mistak. There's no eneuch o' himsel' in him for ye to get a grip o' 'm by that han'le. He aye kens what he wad hae, an'Il aye get it, as sure's it'll aye be richt. As anent Donal, Donal's my air, an' I s' sac naetliing. Sit ye doon, sir ; ye'll no see Gibbie the day again.' 'Is there no means of getting at him, my good woman r' said Mr. Sclater, miserable at the prospect of a day utterly wasted. ' I cud gie ye sicht o' 'im, I daursay, but what better wad ye be for that ? Gien ye had a' the lawyers o' Embrougli at yer back, ye wadna touch Gibbie upo' Glashgar.' ' But you could persuade him, I am sure, Mistress Grant. You have only to call him in your own way, and he will come at once.' . r ' What wad ye hae me perswaud him till, sir i To ony thing 'at's richt Gibbie wants nae perswaudin' ; an' for tliis 'at's atween ye, the laddies are jist verra brithers, an' I hae no richt to interfere wi' what the tane wad for the tither, the thing seemin' to me rizen eneuch.' ' What sort of lad is this son of yours V The boy seems much attached to him.' ' He's a laddie 'at's been gien ower fill's buik sin' ever I learnt to read mysel',' Janet answered. ' But he'll be here the nicht, I'm thinkin', to see the last o' puir Gibbie, an' ye can jeedge for yersel'.' It required but abrief examination of Donal to satisfy Mr. Sclater that he was more than prepared for the university . But I fear me greatly the time is at hand when such as Donal will no more be able to enter her courts. Unwise and unpatriotic are any that would rather have a few prime scholars sitting about the wells of learning, than see those fountains flow freely for the poor, who are yet the strength of a country. It is better to have many upon the high road of learning', than a few even at its goal, if that were possible. As to Donal's going to Mr. Sclater's house Janet soon relieved him. 'Na na, sir,' she said; 'it wad be to learn w'vs 'at, wadna be fittin' a puir lad like him. 'It would be much safer for him,' said Mr. Sclater, but incidentally. ' Gien I cuddna lippin my Donal fill's ain company an the hunger for better, I wad beyin to doobt wha made the wharl'.' said his mother; and Donal's face flushed with pleasure at her confidence. ' Na, he mtun get a garret roomie some gait i' the toon, an' there haud till's buik ; an' ye'll lat Gibbie gang an' see him whiles whan he can be spared. There maun be many a dacent widow wuniau 'at wad be pleased to tak him in.' Mr. Sclater seemed to himself to foresee no little trouble in his new responsibility, but consoled himself that he would have more money at his command, and in the end would sit, as it were, at the fountain-head of large wealth. Already, with his wife's property, he was a man of con sideration ; but ho had great respect for monev, and much overrated its value as a means of doing even wnat ha called good; religious people generally do — with a most un christian dullness. We are told that the Master made the smallest use of money for his end. When he paid the temple -rate, he did it to avoid giving offence; and he defended the woman who divinely wasted it. Ten times more grace and magnanimity would be needed wisely and lovingly to avoid making a fortune, than it takes to' spend one for what are called good objects when it is made. When they met Miss Kimble and her 'young ladies,' they were on their way from the coach office to the minister's house in Daur- street. Gibbie knew every corner, and strange was the swift variety of thoughts and sensations that went filling through his mind. Up this same street he had tended the wavering steps of a well-known if not highly respected town-councillor. That was the door, where, one cold morning of winter, the cook gave him a cup of hot coffee and a roll. What happy days they were, with their hunger and adventure ! There had always been food and warmth about the city, and he had come in for his share ! The Master was in its streets as certainly as on the rocks of Glashgar. Not one sheep did he lose sight of, though he could not do so much for those that would not follow, and had to have the dog sent after them ! 