The telepjrara we print to-day from Bombay conveys information of an alartninij nature. The Afghan soldiery at Cabul have mutinied, have burnt the British Residency, and hav8 besieged Yakoob Khan in his palace. In this nsinjj' the populace have taken part. The fate of Major Catagnaei and bis suite aud body-guard is unknown, but it is to be feared that they have fallen victims -to the fury of the rebels. The Cabul Mission was composed of Major Cavagnaki as Envoy and Minister, Mr. Jf.xkyxs as secretary and first assistant, Lieutenant Hamilton, T. C, as commandant of the escort and assistant, and Dr. Kelly in medical charge. Theescort consisted of 26 cavalry and 50 infantry of the Corps of Guides. Obviously this disaster is another proof of the monstrous absurdity of trusting to the faithfulness of Asiatics. 'When we first heard that the British Envoy had departed for Cabul with an escort of less than a hundred men we could hardly help shuddering for his position. Granted that the Ameer do facto was friendly : but his right to reign' consisted almost wholly in the might involved in British sup port. If Major Catagxaiu had put in an appearauoe at Cabul with an appre ciable force at his back, philo-Eussian intrigue, in the name of MAUitoiro Ayub Khan or Mir Baba. Khan, would have been effectually non-plussed. The Asiatic mind has a vast respect for power, and for nothing else. The infinitesimal escort of the British Envoy was a premium to revolt. Xakoob himself must have been dismayed when he saw the slender support accorded to him. His own army could have been nothing more than a rabble under another name ; and we have tolerably good evidence that even well-disciplined Asiatic troops are only to be depended upon so long as they have the convic tion continually before them that mutiny would be futile. There were, of course 'reasons against sending a powerful force to Cabul. A sreat point was made of the fact that England did not want to interfere with the internal affairs of Afghanistan ; and by this it was thought the turbulent chieftains would be conciliated to the new order of things. The Mission was to be one purely of peace. The Ameer was to be under British tutelage so far as regarded the foreign relations of Afghanistan ; but the domestic concerns of the country were to be treated on the principle of laissez faire. A peaceful tour was even projected through the land as far as Herat, when Takooii aud the Envoy were to indoctrinate the Khans with the principles of good government. But the scheme took no cognisance of the peculiarities of the race. Your typical Afghan knows but two havens of rest : either he must be under an iron rule or in open re bellion. The wherewithal for the former was not supplied, aud the latter condition was consequently in evitable. Costly measures will now have to be taken to retrieve the po sition. The Viceroy has not been back ward in takin-r action. General Eobeuts has been despatched with a strong force to Cabul, and other corps have been disposed so as to hold the most impor tant positions. The war, in short, will have to be fought over again — that is to say, although, as before, there may be little fighting, the outlay of money and lives will be begun dc novo. The chances are that the emeute will collapse before the news of the approach of General Eobeets. E*en in that case the cost of the expedition will be enor mous. But there is some possibility of the insurrection extending, and in that case may prove as potent a source of trouble as the Zulu 'War. The intelli gence of the calamaties suffered by the British forces in South Africa may indeed have stimulated this outbreak at Cabul. If a set of naked savages have kept thpse Europeans at bay, wliy should we brave Afghans not drive them out of our country, they might have argued ; and, there being no means at hand to prevent an attempt, we can hardly blame them for making one. A great bungle has been committed, and we muBt bear the brunt. But what is the probable fate of the British Envoy and his suite and escort ? The Eeaidency has been burnt, and we cannot but entertain the fear that its inmates have been put to the sword. Let us hope that they have contrived to escape, and thus robbed this wretched business of the additional miafortuno involved in the murder of a . brave and' astute diplomatist and a corps of in valuable°men. The telegram which brings this serious intelligence' is in a mutilated form, and it is qrtiite possible that the real facts contain less ground for uneasiness with regard to the fate of the Mission. It is impossible '-'in the light of present iuformatibn, = however, to avoid tecling the greatest; anxiety on tkeir acoount. ? The news from the mother country continuos to be pregnant with signs of deep significance. ' The agricultural industry is passing through a crisis of almost unprecedented severity, and' throughout the land, in the Parliament, and in the Press it is acknowledged or affirmed that something must imme diately be done to obviate a permanent decline of this great interest. The last four seasons have been unpropitious ; but evidently this is by no meanB the principal cause of the prevailing dis tress. Tho situation argues something radically wrong in the national polity. During tho past thirty years England has practically settled herself down. to .be a manufacturing country par excellence. She has taken all tfre raw material she could obtain, converted it into all sorts of useful articles, and scattered tliese amongst the willing- markets of the world', receiving in exchange additional supplies of raw substances and whatever she required iu the shape of food. Iu this perihd wealth lins accumulated and urban population hasy grown apaco. Meanwhile the rural population got along tolerably' welli'by dint of improved farming, despite tho tendency of the rents to 'abnormally increase, anil not withstanding' the advers*1 incidence of the laws and of taxation. The vast accumulation' of wealth; together with the national craving to hole? landed pro perty, had trie effect of Seeping the price of agricultural estate at a fignre which required' enormous rentals to yield even the moderate rate of' interest whien satisfies a1 British capitalist when he thinks he has: good security. But the' system was one which could not withstand anv unwonted strain. It was one' in which tho landlords squeezed the farmers, with the aid of the laws of distress and hypotbac; and the formers, in tlierr turn squeered tho agrrsultural labourers. By and by came the mo7ement amongst the latter, which resulted in' an increase of the cost of production, with out, we regret to say, more than tempo rarily ameliorating the condition of the great rnasa of labourers. The pressure of the agricultural strikes fell almost wholly on the tenant farmers. Tha law which gave the landowners preference over all'other creditors encouraged them to take : tenants whom they T^ould otherwise hare rejected; and thus the farmers were compelled to com pete for the land under con ditions v/hich prevented their throw ing upon-. the landlords the burden of the increased cost of labour. This, added to four consecutive bad harvests, would be sufficient to account for serious depression ; but the information to hand bespeaks- something worse — something, iu the nature of ruination. The chief ground of complaint is that although tho domestic supply of farm produce is short, and' the cost of production high-, prices ara unusually low. American and Continental corn is being ' poured into British ports in quantities which entail a glutted market for the home farmer, whilst every other product' of the soil i3- in equally abuudant supply from abroad. It is not Burprising-in these circumstances that there should be an outcry for the re-enactment of 'the Corn Lawa ; but it is significant that this outcry should come almost solely from the landed proprietors. The pre vailing opinion amongst the farmers themselves seems to be more rational. 'What they ask for is a reform, of- the land lawSj.which will put the load : on- to the shoulders of the landlords ; rather than the re-institution of Protection, which means throwing the full weight upon the- masses. The whole of' the agricultural land of Great Britain -and Ireland w m the possession of a.few thousand persons. A majority of tho estates are encumbered, and, further more, are so held as to make transfer ence practically impossible. Worse than all, the law is entirely on the side of the landlord. The sort of re-form required, is to extend the principles of freetrade-to land, instead of withdraw ing the principles of freetrade from the comaaodities produced from the land. The state of things is not' without its teaching for us. Experience all over tli8 world shows that absolute alienation of tho land — except under the Erench system, which has evils of its own — involves the creation of large estates ; and large- estates invariably produce evils such as we now see in England. Especially in a country such as Q.ueenslanti' is at pre sent,, is complete alienation a deleterious policy. The land is now comparatively worthless. Tet we are getting rid of it at its present value as fast as we can. Already on the Darling Downs, in spite of stringent laws against accumulation, there are many enormous estates ; and unless the process is arrestsd, in the course ot halt a century or- so the whole of the land will have fallen into as few hands as in the mother country. Eveni now this stateof thing esists in Victoria.. The policy should be to substitute leaseholds for freeholds- wherever poo- ' sible. Not only would this prove the best and safest in the long run, but it would bring enormous immediate ad vantages. The State- would retain the 'unearned increment.'' to use Misl's significant phrase ; and the tenants would enjoy the use of all their capital instead of sinking it in the purchase of the soil. It is held! indeed that the only complete solution of the .English difficulty consists in the' purchase of the land by the State. This, of course, is now an impossibility. But it is an easy matter for us to avoid the difficulty, if we only take steps in time. .The Ohildbkn's Hosmtai,.— The Maminoth Ohristry Sliniatrels will givo an ontertainmeni at tho old School of Arts this evening, on behalf of the above hospital. The first; 4wo parts of the programme) will consist of songsand dances,, and the conoludiliig' part of two forces entitled 'M'Guilin'B ghost, or the dead' alive,' and ' The dramatic ageuoy.' , .,'.) ...' . , j, . , Thk Tjikatoe. — There was a -moderate attendance at tno'theatro on Saturday. evening, when ' Black Sheep' wob aguiu performed. The performance was a satisfactory 6ne-'and the applause .ytas frequent; ' '-.'.' -Nbw Ikoolvent.— rAt the-SupremB Court thiB morningi in Chambers, before hiB Honour Mr. Justice Harding, Henry Phillip. Hughes, of IpBwich, clergyman and schoolmaster, was .adjudioatcd insolvent; oa his own petition, in forma pauperit. First meeting to bo hold on tho 17th jnstant ; statement to be filed on the 15th. Wateii! water ! water! water! Magnifi cent Bituution. BayBwater ! Bayswater ! Buys water ! A few of the choicest villa sitea still for sule The^ proprietor guarantees to lay water pipes from the Knoggera main throughout the loDgth of every atreot on tho Estate free of cost to purchasers. Apply to G. B. Molle & Co. — Advt.'] Maksh.u. H'Mahon having asked the Min ister of Wur for leave to attend tho funeral of the Princo Imperial, General Grosley rof errod the matter to the Cabinet, and ultimately replied that it was impossible to grant to Marshal M'Muhon an authorisation which had already been re fused to Marshals Ounrobert and. Lebaauf and to Admiral Juriea L% Granuro. 