TURF NOTES. Novelty, beautiful weather, and sport sup* { plied gratiB attracted crowds of Bporting men, bookmakers, and sharpers to the Essendon Races on Saturday last Situated in a paddock belonging to Mr, Cook, about six miles from Melbourne, the course was marked out in the shape of the figure 6 re versed, with the winning-post at the end of the tail. Rocks cropped up at intervals, and the surface of the ground was lumpy. Trifles like these, however, did not lessen the interest evinced in the racing, and the meeting passed off without accidents. The steeplechase course passed through three adjacent paddocks, and was flagged out over a fair sample of a roughish hunting country, the horses running to the right instead of to i the left, as in the flat races. There was no stand,*no paddock; but there was a big refreshmentbooth, part of which was screened off for official purposes. After Woodman had appropriated the Hurdle Race, the bell -rung/or the Pony Race, but it took a long time to round up'all the jockeys, so the start was not punctual. Few jockeys .rode in their proper colours, a white shirt and braces being wom in one or two cases, and several showed their disbelief in handicaps by carrying pounds overweight. It was put about before hand that the .race was a certainty for Mill •May if She started; but, for some reason or other, though on the ground and looking exceedingly well, and though a jockey was engaged to ' ride," she was withdrawn at the last moment,. Sybilj, who is a very strong, well - built pony, though rather fat, proved herself far superior to the others by .winning in af canter. However, it was found afterwards;' wfien * put under the standard, thiatshe was above the specified height, so the race, was given to Flirt, a neat ' brown pony by The SwelL. A field of nine i went to thp post for the Sssendon Handicap, and there (was a good deal of speculation on the race. >Bar One metwith mOst support, but both Sheriff aiid Perth were also backed. Perth led fer tile fe»t half mile, then bolted, and old Sheriff took up the running and won resulting ... favour of the jfogmSt. On returning to scale, Sheriff's jockey, Sanderson, proved short of weight. . tFhe bridle and pad-oloth were brought in j: still the weight was insufficient. He was ordered' to- stand on. one side, and Changed Hands' jockey,' Braith'waite, got on the scales!; he, too, was short of weight, .though tht bridle was' given hitn. Then came -the tuna of Bar OneVjockey: again the scales would p6t, Stir. The bridle was added; the besuri ipse, |ib.Qut halfan inch sfewiy, apd amidst breathless interest "V weight" Was qallpd, After a brief discus aion, uurinfe which some' ruffian was detected and kicked out of the tefct for trying to slip lead into Sanderson's handiwhiehthe ladre-; fused to take, the stewardrdeclat'sd Ba^ One the winnttv without testing tpeecwlee.• Con sidering the peculiar circppiBtanccs of the case—that Sheriff's Jockey weighed out (full weight without either: bridle or pad-Clbth; that Bifcitnwaite was .shqrt of -weight with his bridle; that Bar Onawiaa also ha'reWeig'ht!; that the scales were in charge of a com petent weigher—the stewards ought certainly to have examined them carefully before giving a decision. Some persons afterwards overhauled the scales, and found them so rickety aiid out of gear that by a slight manipulation of the lever the balance could be made to vary considerably. Pending the result there was a boisterous scene in the weighing tent. A number of betting men, impelled by zeal_ for fair play, obtruded themselves, and with that well-bred courtesy for which the clas^ is notorious, simulta* neously and forcibly urged their views on the Btewards. After this Electric made short work of his opponents for the Steeple chase, and sport closed with a Trotting Race, which was easily secured by Bessie. Mr. J. Gilbert, of Pewsey-vale, writes to inquire how the pedigree of Khian Khan Krewze, which was given in "Answers to Correspondents" a month ago. was dis covered. He says he owned the horse, that most of his mareB are descended from him; but that he never could find out his breed ing, though he took great pains to do so. His pedigree will be found in an adver tisement in the South Australian Re gister of October 1, 1842, where his name, by the, way, is applt Khia Khan Khrewze. The very quaintness of the pedigree and the minutiae given, prove its authenticity. He does not figure in the English Stud Book, but his grand-dam, Cowslip, by Moorcock, does, amongst the progeny of Miss Muston. Like hundreds more thoroughbred mares, Cowslip, by Moorcock, must have passed into the hands of a person not connected with the turf, and some years ago gentlemen in Eng land not interested in racing were as careless about sending returns of the progeny of their brood mares for publication in the Stud Book as they are now in this country. No horse has been more traduced than Khian Khan Khrewze. He has been called a cocktail, an Arab, everything except a thoroughbred horse, whereas the blood ne inherited, though unfashionable, was stout, and had produced many good runners. Han he transmitted any vulgar strain his grandsons The Ace and Talk of the Vale could not have performed so brilliantly. HiB full pedigree is as follows By Mountebank (son of Gohanna) from Miss Peggy, by Walton (son of Sir Peter) from Cowslip, by Moorcock (son of Highflyer) from Miss Muston, hy King Fergus. From Miss Muston descend Habena and Gainsborough, both so well known on the turf here. Though it is not likely that many horses will go to Benalla from Melbourne, that thriving township should be the scene of an agreeable meeting. On Thursday and Friday next, the 27th and 28th inst. The programme for the first day consists, in addition to the Benalla Handicap, for which the weights have been declared, of a Maiden Plate, of 25 bovs., a mile and a half; a Selling Race, of 15 sovs.; the Shorts Handicap, of 20 sovs., one mile; and a Hack Race, of 10 sovs. The events fixed for the second day are a Hurdle Race Handicap, of 30 sovs., two miles and a half; a Hurry Scurry; the District Handicap, of 50 sovs., with a sweep of £1 to go to the second horse, a mile and a half; a Forced Handicap, of 20 sovs.; and a Consolation Stakes worth the same sum. General entries muBt be made to the secretary of the Benalla Racing Club before 9 p.m. on Wednesday, the 26th inst.. Mr. N. R. D. Bond adjusted the weights for the Benalla Handicap, and they seem fairly apportioned. At 6st. 121b. ana Sst. respectively Albyn beat Kinsman easily over this distance at.Albury, but the running was reversed at Wangaratta. Up- country horses see-saw about so in condition'that they rarely run twice consistently. Though very fast, the distance iB a trifle too far tor Jokes, and a good deal too far for Activity, while of the others the best in seem to be Cowarie and Bonny Rose. If Cowarie goes to the post this race ought to be a good thing tor him, with Kinsman and Albyn occupying the next places. Tom Kirk returned from Hobart Town by the Derwent, which,-Sunday last, and Mr. Lang cajge$a<& from TasfV&%!lKby the Tamar, wli He brought Sj| and Aconite' Pritchard, I so seriously inji ago, has left hoi ing very frail and . injuries he received, hopes, beiore long, to be again in the pigBkin. The Gisborne race meeting takes place on Thursday, the 27th inst., and entrieB for the various events must reach the secretary, Hurst's Family Hotel, New Gisborne, before half-past 9 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 25th inst An attractive bill of fare for two days' racing on the 5th and 6th prox. has been pro vided for discussion by the Dunolly Jockey Club. The principal events are the Dunolly Jockey Club Handicap, the Handicap Hurdle Race, and the Goldsborough Handicap, and nominations for these, enclosing £1, must be sent to the secretary, Bendigo Hotel, Dunolly, before 8 p.m. on Monday next, the 24th inst. The general entries for the Bairnsdale Annual Races are due on Saturday, the 22nd inst. (to-day), and will be received by the secretary, Commercial Hotel, Bairnsdale, up to 9 p.m. The races take place on Thurs day and Friday next. Again The Dean has run up to his form, and proved he can finish as gamely as any horse when in the humour. News has come from Tamworth in New South Wales that, carrying 9st. 21b., he . won the Liverpool Plains Jockey Club Handicap by a bare nose from Abbess, who carried 6st. 41b., after a desperate struggle. The race caused great excitement, and Secnndus, who ran second tor last Wagga Cup, under the name of High lander, was third, with 7Bt. 51b. On the second day's racing, however, hegotbowled over by Sir Solomon in the Free Handicap of of a mile and a half, at 9st 81b. each, Idea, with 88t. top, splitting the pair, the time being i. 43s. Sir Solomon had just previously 2m. — — . pulled off! the Borough Handicap, beating Secundus and Abbess. The old black son of Lord of the Hills does not seem to grow 9lower with years, and' has' hot miSBed crediting his owner with a nice prize or tiro for some seasons past The Trial Stakes was taken by Pontiff, the neat brown two year-old owned by Mr. Loder, who visited Flemington last spring with Baroness: The Maiden Plato was divided by Canpelia and. Hawthorn after a dead heat. Planet won' | the Prince of Wales Stakes, and Wild Flower the Hurry Scurry and Forced Handicap. The races were: well attended, the weather fine, though intensely hot, the sport delectable and above the average. The stud of one of'our oldest racing men, Mr. W. Br<)wn, will be sold, by- aucrion with out reserve at Kirkls Bqtaarbri Wednesday next, the 2fith inst. Twenty-three thorough bred' horses are catalogued;includiikg "tone WhimerjlB' btood mares, yearlings by~Tim ikhd the sires tC^.E. and,. _ Whifiier, C.B;F: Is'a toally fcice symmetrical horse by Fireworks from Chrysolite, totm.'.: sequfently 6wn brother to ^ some reason that. has. pofctHinapirea henas < never brought out as a racehorse. Old,Tun j is too well knourp toneedtoatkaMajheds' now 20 yedrs old, and from' his Condition ; people will we able to form their own coa» ; elusions horn many more seasons he will be * likely to lasn at the stud. Amongst the brood mares Vireje,»~' J~"''••-•adpnes, in cluding Queen*'^edexe wishing ' / < Vfind (his a good occasion to do so at reasonable figures. The career of one of the most esteemed of Adelaide trainers, Mr. T. Jordan, was veiy nearly cut short in a most untimely fashion last week. While superintending on the Melbourne wharf the unahipmentof Mr. Gerrard'a yearlings from the South Australian, bis foot slipped and he fell into the river. When fished out he was almost insensible, but soon recovered on being driven back to his quarters at the Pastoral Hotel, Flemington, and with the exception of a snaking and some Bevere bruiBes is now, fortunately, none the worse for the acci dent. Impending rain scared most trainers from bringing their teams to the Flemington ground on Wednesday, so there was little galloping, and that was tame in the extreme. Hotspur began with a long sweat on the tan, finishing about half Bpeed. This is a big leathering horse by HonestiBh (imp.), from Leo'B dam, is a good mover, and has any amount of pace. He wants time, being still on the big side, but is healthy and muscular, and may take a little beating, even now, for sprint races. Naomi travelleaa mile fast on the tan with a hack. She is rather sore. Sh»rHf strode along for a mile and a quarter, while Richard rattled a mile on the tan. Ttniimj cantered, was joined by Franciscan, then ran about a mile and a half nearly three-quarter speed. The former has had wonders worked on him by Mahon, but wants time yet to re cover from his illness. Tramp Card cantered two miles, then galloped two more at about three-quarter pace. The leg, it is pleasing to see, still holds out, but may go at any moment. Maid of Honour ambled about three miles, and Flinders and Tidal Wave did slow work. Conservative was given useful work on the tan with another of Sul livan's. Then Bosworth, after cantering, hit out for a fast gallop of about a mile and three-quarters. Being idle without com pany, the pace was nothing extraordinary This Leger colt still improves, looks fuller,, and if he goes on well during the next fort night must run well at the meeting. Murra binna, Nina, Kingston, and GLenburn can tered steadily twice roond the outside track. The former is coming on nicely, and ought to strip in good fettle at the races. With his light middle and general contour he hardly looks a stayer, though some of his partisans think he can do so. Nina looks muscular, and is a fine strapping mare, who should.carry. weight and gallop fast. Richmond did steady work. He mostly does steady work, and is very fleshy, so can have no ghost of a show, for any race for sometime to come. A.T., also, looks as if he had been treated to a spell, and went great guns when he first emerged from the scraping sheds, nearly un seating Kilduff. Darriwell did useful work with! Le Loup. Both look well, and the former has not cut his elbow since last week.. Philistine, looking pinched, and moving with cramped action, cantered ; so did Jack Tar, and Welshman was given a good strong go outside. Warlock was given strong work on Tuesday, and went as well as he usually does in private, but pulled up rather puffy. The Colac Turf Club have issued the pro gramme for their annual meeting, which is fixed for the 15th of ApriL There is a Maiden Plate of 20 sovs.,one mile and a half; a Selling Stakes of 20 sovs.; the Handicap Hurdles of 30 sovs., about two miles; the Colac Handicap of 70 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovb., about two miles ; the District Handi cap of 15 sovs., one mile; a Handicap Steeplechase of 50 sovs., with a sweep of 30s. to go to the second horse, three miles; and a Selling Hack Race of 10 bovs.' The presi dent will present a cup to the winner of the Steeplechase. Under the direction of Messrs. Conlon and Salway extensive additions and alterations have been made to Mr. J. Wilson's celebrated training and breeding establishment at St. Albans. / It is reported that great improvements are being made on the Kyneton racecourse. The bridge about half a mile from the grand Btand, which was always an awkward place for crossing, is being greatly increased in width, and the whole of the running track is being levelled. The work is being pushed forward with all haste, so as to be completed before the next meeting. This iB a step in the right direction, and it is to be hoped that the clnb may be recompensed by a gathering more successful and remunerative even than previous ones. On Friday next, the 28th insfc, Mr. W. C. Yuille will offer for sale by auction, at the Pastoral Hotel. Flemington, the entire breed ing studs Of Messrs. R. J. Hunter, of Wood stock, and Robert Johnson, of Echuca. The stud of the former comprises 15 brood mareB, 10 two year olds, seven foals, and the stallions Hamlet and Lothair. Of the brood mares no less than 12 were imported from England, and several were purchased from the leading studs there, regardless of cost, and descend from the most fashionable families. Amongst the lots poor old Marchioness, the dam of Angler and Fishhook, now in her 27th year, is included, and it is to be hoped some humane sportsman will purchase ner, and as a reward for her great services at the stud, let her end her days in peace and plenty. - Such a chance of securing high-bred mntmng rarely occurs, and breeders from all thecolo nies should be preseht at the sale. Mr. Johnson's stud consists of eight broodmares, one two year old, two yearlings, and the stallion Lapidist, who is said to have fur nished into, a very blood- like and handsome horse. The btood mares "descend from tha imported - mares Rosemary, MeleSina, Cornelia, Agra, and Merino. After the settling the: stewards of the T.R.C. held a. meeting to consider a case which had been submitted to them, ib which ' a horse named Victor- had be§n. enteredat .the George's Bay meeting by Messrs. Falkiner under an assumed name, which had never been registered. Evidence was taken, .and the stewards disqualified Victor for both the races he had won, and as the second horse in the Mqjden Plate bad won the Consolation Stake^&t; the St. George's Bay meeting it was: decided that as the horse had now been de clared a winner, his owner would have to re fund the money for the Consolation Stakes. . , "The stakeB ;won 'at the late- Tasmanian RactogClup meeting were.paid over at the ' Rock Hotel Hobart Town; on the day follow Mr. M. Loughlin took the money, his cheque for the- Cap, - - , and Hurdle Race amount- , Mri G. James catiie next . ,Mr:L.L. Smith, £L5frvi it, $106 te.: — ~ dStbWn, 3$d ft Kearney, cup, and called in champagne, ar toasts weredrunk and teqpoudedd Mr. Martin Loughlin has sold - brated steeplechaser Lone Hand to Neilson, ofChriBtchurch, New Z grand grey son of Panic and prowftPgflfitTritoiy land steeplechasers, but his new owner will do well to remember that he is a rather strange horse to ride, as he runs down his fences. A match to run half a mile, under 6st. 121b. each, for £20 a side, has been arranged between. Mr. Dyer's Sybil and Mr. Jamess Flirt, the ponies that ran first and second for the Pony Race at Essendon last Saturday. It iB fixed to come off on Tuesday next. The acceptances for the Adelaide Cup are (satisfactory, 19 horses being left in the race, including the Victorians Glenormiston, The Hook, Nerissa, Bosworth, Warlock, and Timothy. I Eight <yearlings, bred by Mr. Gerrard, of I Rapid Bay, arrived from Adelaide on Mon day last by the South Australian. They were all landed safely, and taken out to the Pas toral Hotel, Flemington, where, after a few days' rest in which to recover the voyage, they will be on view daily. . Mr. R. C. Bagot wishes it notified that, in connexion with the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, the gates, booths, and outer carriage-paddock will be sold by auction at Kirk's Bazaar oh Tuesday next, the 25th inst., at noon. There will be no lack of yearlings in the market this autumn, and the catalogue of the Tocal youngsters, bred by Mr. C. Reynolds, has come to hand from Sydney. Twelve colts and ten fillies will be submitted to auction, and of these five colts and three fillies are by old Kelpie, who has done Buch brave service as a sire for long years past. As he is now in the " sere and yellow leaf," was a contemporary on the turf of Fisherman, and impprted 20 years agot he cannot live much longer, bo those desirous of owning Borne of his stock should not fail to attend in the sale <ring.Six colts and seven fillies claim the < paternity of Goldsbrongh, and are 1 his first season's get This fine son of Fire works, who raced and showed brilliant form up to fivp: years old, was so sound and so well-bred! .that his stock ought to be in request, despite the current prejudice against the progeny . of untried stallions. Besides these, the fcale; is made up with a son of Gemma cB. .Vergy, the sire or Democrat, who heads thp catalogue. All these youngsters come of j thoroughly acclimatised families, tracing bapk through their dams to such old celebrities.as The Queen, by Skeleton, Edith, and Kalyaa,, and to those famous imported mares Lady Emily, Melesina, Mirror, Cor nelia, Penelope, and Clove. Mr. Reynolds has adopted the plan of naming all his year lings. Perhaps this would be better left to purchasers. . .. Now th^at complete returns have been pub lished ot the nominations of the Queen's Birthday pup at Adelaide, it appears that 46 horses haye been entered, including 13 Vic torians. -This is a highly satisfactory total. There is a race meeting held at Kensington park to-day (Saturday). Mr. R. Q. Bagot, Mr. Bowes, and Mr. L. L. Smith, M.L.A., .waited on the Minister of Railways last Wednesday to ascertain whether the fares charged for racehorses travelling, by railway could not be reduced. .After hearing their arguments Mr. Woods re plied that at present the number of horse boxes was limited, but as soon as others in course of construction were completed, a re bate of two-thirds would be made, probably, on the fares of horses which started at the meeting to which they were conveyed. This will be welcome news to racing men. Tim Whiffler (imp.) and C.B.F. are now on view at Kirk's Bazaar. The stewards of the Raywood Race Club have decided to postpone the meeting until farther notice, owing to having received only one nomination for the three principal events. . Entries for the Balranald Steeplechase must be sent in on or before Saturday next, March the 1st. 