OUR BERLIN LETTER, [From our own Correspondent.'] Berlin, February 10. 1879. Prince Bismarck s quiver of surprises appears to be inexhaustible. As shaft after shaft in bewildering succession is discharged by his indefatigable hand, striking to the heart some class interest, constitutional right, or national institution, even his admirers raise their eye brows in astonishment not unmixed with con sternation and ejaculate, ' Surely this must be the last ar;ow he has kept in store for the luck less ores who have incurred his displeasure.' Bit eo. Scarcely has the agitation aroused by each tew discbarge of his legislative darts some what bubjided, scarcely has the German public accustomed itself to tbe notion that proposi tions which it regarded as insensate and out* rageoas when they were first brought under its notice are fully meant to be carried into execu tion by the Chancellor's iron will, when another sensational projet de lol is flashed before the nation's eyes, dazzling and startling it into spasms of amazement and apprehension. Of all the axioms ever adopted by states men as their political mottoes, Lord Kussell's favourite 'Rest and be thankful' is the one least coneenial to Prince Bismarck's disposition. There is no rest in him. He is always angr/ with somebody or eomethirj. Impersonalities offend him as keenly and arouse his ire as directly as do per sonalities To disagree with him is to incur his active enmity, which, as he wields practi cally unlimited power, is highly perilous to the individual, party, or institution for the time being at variance with him. To agree with him is to enjay comparative safety, until he may happen to change his opinions, which he does with startling frequency and suddenness ; it is to be contemptuously tolerated as a being not ac'ively obnoxious to the master-spirit which, soaring high and alone in empyrean altitudes of its own, bears with no rivalry and brooks no opposition. In former letters I have roughly sketched out to you the incessive onslaughts he ? has made on men, classes, and institutions in ; tbe course of his sensational and eminently combative career — how he has turned upon oce : set of supporters after another, and rent them— how he has toyed with the Conservatives, |airted with the Liberals, and patted the Democrats on the back, only to kick and I trample open them each in their turn— how he 'has baited his hook with promises for every political party in the Prussian State, always i successfully, and has cynically laughed at the i credulous fish whenever they have claimed the : fulfilment of his engagements to them. As Heine japtly says of love, ' es ist eine alte geschichtr |do:h bleibt sie ewig neu!' 'tis an old story) |bnt it remains 6ver new ! The Prussian {National Liberals have been taken in by him as jeompletely as though they had Eever before enjoyed any experience of Prince Bismarck's peculiar predilection for the violation of his political pledges. You will remember that they passed the Repressive Bill for him on the 'distinct understanding that their party prin ciples were to animate the economic policy of the Government, and that their acknowledged leaders (two or three of them at leart) were to be summoned to the Chancellor's Councils as Ministers of State. Bennigsen and Forckenbeck were designated by the party as candidates for office ; Lasker, it was felt, would not do, by reason of his fretfulness, quarrelsomeness and censoriousnes8 ; besides his blindest wor shippers were well aware that the old Emperor could never be coaxed or bullied into confirming the appointment of a Jew to a seat in the Cabinet — no, not even if that Jew were a notorious atheist, as is Lasker's case. The good Kaiser had truly signed the patents of both Aclienbach and Friedenthal, but then they were Christians in faith although Jews by extraction, so that His Majesty was able to set what he would consider to be original sin against con viccel 1 tenement, En! to draw such a balance in favour 01 tbe l-twr as would justify bis cmftience in j emitting him to raise these tjleuteJ cl ildrea ot Israel to the dignity of the portfolio. No such concession could be expected on his pert in the case of Lasker, who, although he has privately renounced God, has never publicly abandoned the Jewish faith. La'ker, therefore, despite his brilliant abilities and sur passing party influence, was out of the question for office ; but the other gentlemen abovenamed, when they voted for the extirpation of Socialism at the expense ol their whole lives' consistency, already in imagination felt their feet in the Ministerial stirrups, and were pleasantly greeted by their friends as ' Excellencies in pom? 'From this delusive dream of heavily em broidered blue swallow-tails, cocked hats fringed wi*h gold, and the first class of the Red Eagle Order, with star and oakwreith,' their a^akeLing -was a rude and painful one. Scarcely Wis the ink cry with wh'ch Police President vjn Madai signeJ his first batch cf confiscation aod emission warrants wfcen an p*ful rumour reached the Liberal camp to the effect that the great ChaicelLr wa§ serously contemplating the introduction of a protection's1:- policy, and that the very last thing he proposal to do was to reinforce his Cabinet by draughts from the National Liberal ranks. At first this rumour was pochpoohed with a somewhat sickly smile by the aspirait) to Ministerial rank. The notion that such things could be appeared to them too dreadful to be admissible. Had they, tnen; sola tneir countrymens birthright as well as their own, and were they not to be allowed even a humble sniff at the mess of pottage for wbich they had basely bartered away the civil liberties that revolution had wrested from despotism in 1S4S-9 ? Little by little the dismal conviction forced itself upon them that, whilst they had slavishly kept their part of a bargain that was equally disgraceful to everybody engaged in it. |tbe other ' party' entertained not the least intention of fulfilling his; and soon terrible confirmation of thi-i conviction came to them in the shape of a rescript addressed to the Federal Council, wherein tie vhtues and benefit of irotection as an economic principle were set forth in the Charcelloi'd own terte and trenchant diction, and it was plsinly intimated to the German nation that Prince Bismarck, although he might not have quits made up his rr ind whether it should be most desirable to adopt the system of protection pure snd simple or that of reci procity treaties, had come to the conclusion that the moment had arrived for sounding free trade's death-knell. Imagine, if jou can strain the tether of your fancy so far, the consterna tion of the Prussian, Bavarian, and Saxon Liberals ! But no, it is impossible, not having witnessed it, to form any conception of its pro fundity and abjectness. The old year dosed with this tremendous announcement. After lamenting and protesting until they had drowned their first anguish in a sea of ?word*, the liberals sought desperate con solation for their disappointment in the reflec tion that now at least they knew the worst that could happen to them. '' \Y« have drained,'' they wrote and said, ' the cup of bitterness to the dregs. Tbcre is nothing farther left for him to do in the way of outraging our feclingB. Ite introduction of protection will achieve the ruin of the country ; we have reached the nadir of our humiliation aad degradation.' They were wrong. There utill remained some bitter drops for them to swallow. Prince Bismarck bad uot nearly done with them. They lad toluntarily assumed bis yoke, and he speedily [.roved to thtm that he possessed an slmoit un limited capacity for adding to its weight and Lrksomemss. The new jear opentd with the transmission from Fredcricksruhe to the Federal Council of a draft measure which, [ may safely assert without being guilty of the ltast exaggeration, fnirly applied Germany when it reached public cognixance, and struck Europe dumb with astonishment for a day and night after the telegraphic wires had com municated it to the various capitals of civiliza tion. This amaziag measure, to convert whi;h into the law of the land the German Parlia ment will find itself called upon in due course of time, proposes in the Emperor's name that the Reichstag should curtail its own privilege?, abrogate Parliamentary freedom of speech, and hand over to the secular arm for punishment any of its members wbo may, in the heat of debate, give expression to ' offensive utterances.' The poor Beichstap, in fact, is directed by this projtt de lot to chastise its own flesh, to fetter its own limbs, and to insert a poire d'emgoistt into its own mouth. It is also exhorted to prohibit the publication of such ' utterances' as may be deemed 'offensive' by a Bismarck ian bu reaucracy in the German press, and to decree that su;h publicaticn shall constitute a crime punishable by fine and imprisonment. This latest ' repressive' offspring of the Chancellor's brain evoked such a tempest of disapproval and reprobation from all parts of Germany as I have never witnessed during my many ye:irs' sojourn in the Fatherland. The Liberal, Progressist, Conservative, acd Ultranjontene journals were one and all unanimous in denouncing it as an unjustifiable and audacious «Dcroaehment upon the liberty of the subject, and a direct attack upon constitutional institutions — jrhich it unquestionably is. Only the ' Reptiles' stood up, or rather crawled and hissed ia its favour. For once in a way they could not obtain a heariDif, and were silenced by a mighty national snout of indignation. As soon as the Chan cellor found that lie had raised a spirit which he could not q^uite see his way to exorcise, except by revoking hia original incintation, he caused intimations to be published in the semi official organs to the effect that ' he attached no great importance to the passing of the mea sure — indeed, he had thought to do the country at large and the Reichstag in particular a good turn by enabling the latter to punish its unruly members, and avert the repetition of disgraceful scenes such as had shocked and distressed all right-minded Germans during the past Btssion ; but, of course, if the Reichstag did not choose to set its own house in order, and the country supported it in its disinclina tion to conduct public business in a decorous aud respectable manner, be should not press the measnre on the Parliament's acceptance.' These allegations are at once plausible and ingenious ; they have, indeed, but one radical defect, which is that they are untrue. Prince Bismarck does care very much about his last Draught Bill ; he is, as I am assured, furiously indignant at the reception it has met with ; but he recognises the inexpediency of endeavouring to cram such a nauseous and revolting Bill down the German nation's throat. The Brunswick Succession is lately become a fjitestion, bnV.ante, although, as the throne of that duchy is still occupied by a vivacious old gentleman who exhibits no symptoms of a giowirg disposition to vacate it c-.tner by death or abdication, a violent newspaper discussion as to who is to step into his shoes when they shall become vacant does appear somewhat premature and in doubtful taste. German journalism is hprdhearted and heavy-footed. The worthy Duke Augustus Lewis has never been a favourite with his countrymen, although they set him in his elder brother's seat by popular acclamation,' and the Press, stimulated by official inspiration to canvass contingencies the mere mention of which must be singularly disagreeable to a prince in his aeveutj-third year, has dealt with the question of his heritage in the stolid but exhaustive manner peculiar to it. Moved by the public ventilation of so ticklish a subject to a sense that something unusual and spirited was expected of it, the Brunswick Diet took np the succession question a short time ago, and speedily framed a special Bill for the creation of a Begercy, in case the legitimate heir to the ducal crown should be ' absent or hindered from taking up his inheritance' at the time of the present Duke's decease. The real key to this extraordinary proceeding is the fact that the Duke of Cumberland is heir-apparent to the Duchies of Brunswick and Liinebourg. This unfortunate prince, who, if he had his rights, ought to be King of Hanover at the present moment, has incurred the high displeasure of his despoilers. His first cousin once removed, the Emperor of Germany Bits in his seat, pockets his appanages, and spends his revenues. The German Chancellor, with the consent of the German Parliament, has sequestrated his private property, amounting to £2,400,000 invested in State securitiee, and applies the iacome derived from that sum to corrupting the German Press, maintaining spies in foreign capitals and sub sidizing the secret police. No ill-gotten money has ever probably purchased so much demoraliza tion in modern times as have the sixteen millions of thalers which are in reality as abso lutely the property of Ernest Augustus as Apsley House is that of the Duke of Wellington. The Duke shortly after his father died wrote to all the crowned heads of Europe (as is customary in such cases) notifying the late King's demise, signifying the style and title by which he himself had determined to be addressed, and intimating that he declined to forego any of his hereditary rights, although actual circumstances debarred him from exer cising them. One of these formal letters he sent to the Emperor of Germany, bnt addressed it to His Majesty by his second title only, 'King of Prussia.' How, without implying. re'- ogn_lt]6n,ef the regime which has robbed and expatriated him, could he do otherwise ? This luckless letter of his, however, galled tbe old Emperor's pride and sent Prince Bismarck into a paroxysm of fury. Kaiser Wilhelm is prone in his more jocular moments to speak in terms of humorous disparagement of his imperial dignity, but he fails to relish any slight upon it emanating from other lips than his own. I remember, some few years ago, that , an in timate friend of mine, who has been attached immediately to His Majesty's person for nearly half a century, elicited a very fair joke from the venerable gentleman apropos of bis then brand-new rank. Having noticed that the Emperor invariably signed all the State documents, patents, brevets, &c.;, 'Wilhelm, Imp., Bex,' my friend one morning ventured to ask His Majesty why he had adopted that formula in preference to sub scribing both the titles in fulL 'Because,' replied the Emperor, ?'lam only half Emperor of Germany ; but, thank God ! I am still wholly King of Prussia.'' It would appear, however, that although he may choose to curtail his Imperial title he does not tolerate ite total suppression by anybody addressing him in writing; for his irritation against the Duke of Cumberland aroused by the latter's omission of the Csesarian predicate has been so violent that it has induced him to lend his authority to the Chancellor for the ungenerous, not to say nefa rious, purpose of altogether confiscating the Gnelphie Fund, to which the German Empire has no more claim, or shadow of a claim, than it has to the Crown jewels in the Tower of London. It is much to be deplored that the Emperor, whose nature is a kind and honour able one, should have so readily lent his ear to perfidious and dishonest suggestions. His personal prestige cannot but suffer through such an action. Until auite recently he has be*n sincerely desirous of Esaking complete restitution to the son of his cousin-germane and intimate friend, whont; he hid deemed it unavoidable to thrust oat of his kingdom into exile— that is, of course, resti tution of the moneys belonging to tbe late King George, which had fallen into the hands of Prussia when the Royal Guelph fled from Her renhausen. The Emperor never dreamt of restoring Hanover to its rightful owner ; but both he and tne Crown Prince were genuinely anxious to get rid of the Duke's cash inheri tance (the retention of which was a standing reproach to them), especially as the bargain they hoped to make with His Royal Highness— viz., to buy his renunciation of his dynastic rights from him with his own money— was one exceptionally favourable to their interests. Bat these meritorious intentions have all vanished. The Duke has sinned too deeply to be forgiven by his Prussian relatives. He has docked the Kaiser of a title, and has married Princess Thyra of Denmark to boot. These are offences of so heinous a character that Impe rial GtrjBao justice pronounces them to be punishable by a fine of two millions and a half sterling and the forfeiture of a sucoe*non (that of Brosswkk) to which the leading jurist* of the Fatherland have just solemnly pronounced the Duke's legal title to be unassailable and irrefragable. Yes ; not content with mulcting him of a Tegnl crown Kid realm, the Duke's august de^i'ioilera and nt ur kinsmen are about to further amerce him in a dacal diadem and domain. It is any odds open his being done out of Brunswick ami Luufburg «ls well aa out of l:is money. The Duke of Cambridge is n«it heir after Ernest Augustus, a:.il his claims will have to be considered by the Empire apd by the duchy should the foriuer succeed in inducing the latter to proclaim the Duke of Cumberland's forfeiture of the succeasion. If a Regent is to be chosen at the death of the present Duke our gallant Prince George is obviously the person to whom that office should b« offered ; nor, as I i:*df ri-titd, will he allew himself to be passed over without lodging a formal protest against the illegality of the whole proceeding. The latest Bisinarckian surprise is the revoca tion by the Emperor of Austria, at the express request of Germany, of Article V. of the Treaty of Prague. This ccvp was arranged when the betrothal of the Duke of Cumberland to tbe PriuccBs Thyra cf Denmark became known at the Berlin Court, which chose to interpret the projected alliance between two members of royal houses that had suffered grievous wrong and spoliation at the hands of Prussia as an anti-German demonstration. The chronic re minders advanced year after year in the Reichstag by the Danish populations of North. Se hie swig with respect to the promise of re union with Denmark implied to them by that article of the Anstro-Prossian Treaty of Peace were always extremely irksome to the German' Chancellor, who never entertained the least' intention of carrying out the, provisional engagement made in 1866, and regarded Mr. Hansen's successive motions and interpella tions as vexatious asd impertinent. Austria, who is now completely emancipated from Russian influence, and has at length fully realized the necessity of basing her whole foreign policy on the exigencies of her alliances with Germany and Great Britain, granted with effusion the small favour solicited of her aneut the renuu ciation of her rights, mere shadows in them selves ; Germany asked and the thing was done. As no interest., direct or indirect, of Austria waa prejudiced|by her obliging pliancy in this matter she can hardly be blamed from a political point of view, although it may be held to be scarcely compatible with her high honour to abandon her position as moral protector of people whom, in conjunction with Germany, she shamefully injured in 1864, and' taw horn, therefore, she owed every possible amejiaa it might be in her power to offer them. AiticleW. was a Napoleoaic contrivance devised to provide Austria with a handy pretext for quarrelling with Prussia when soever France should require the assistance of the Hapsburgs and Wittelsbachs to crumple up the North German Confederation, which Napoleon proposed to do at an early op portunity after the 1866 war, having failed to extort anything from Prussia as a quid pro quo for his ' benevolent neutrality ' during that momentous struggle. Benedetti asd Gra mont were the regotiators of this 'reserva- tion,' which was inserted in the treaty at their urgent instance, and agreed to by Bismarck with admirable equanimity — for the excellent reason that he had then already resolved to crush France and unify Germany, so that the petty combinations of French, Austrian, and Southern German statesmen were utterly indifferent to him. In 18C7 he Bhowed his liand to poor Kapo'eon, upou the occasion of the Luxemburg imbroglio, and put an end to some of that astute monarch's favourite illusions. Article V. of the Prague Treaty was practically a dead letter long before the commencement of the Franco G-erman war; but the collapse of the French Umpire converted it into the mere ghost of a proviso — a ghost which has now been laid for erer by Prince Bismarck's masterful exorcituon. German 3 is painfully disquieted by tbe recent outbreak of the black death on tbe Volga, and is taking her precautions against its possible dissemination wi;hin her froutiijr with an energy that strikes terror Into the huarts of Kursiau merchants, agriculturists, and fisher men. Her example ii being punctually followed by Anstro-Hungory and Roumania, so that Russian trade finds itself stricken by paralysis, and the paper currency of the White Czar promises to become a mere collection of assignaU, valueless outside the territorial boundaries of the Empire. Russia is in terrible trouble; she has attained, in fact, the very nadir of her fortunes; wherefore she has chosen to pick a preposterous quamd with Roumania, and to make another barefaced attempt to violate the Treaty of Berlin. Qucm Deus vult perdere, priiis demenlat ! Prayers are being offered np for the safe delivery of Princesses Charlotte and Elizabeth, married here last spring; so our beloved Queen will soon be a great-grandmother. The Princtns Henry of the Netherlands (ncc Prince** of Russia) is also enceinte. Bride, wife, widowjand mother within a year — how strange a lot is hers ! 