CUAPrEB XLT. XBX VOSlQX bvEB. And now- the brave-old Zftayrita is Hearing her northern home once more ; *nd surely this is a right *Hfi*~iOTiBa-T x'' **»« reception of Jirf. Miuat .alttiougn-the sun has just gone uuwu, iuu «Qe cea around isms aeeome a plain of heaving and wrestling blur- mack wavea ? Far away, fc that purple-black -ea. lie long promontorjea tkat are of a still pale rote-color; and the western «ky is a blcae of golden green: an-1 they know that the wild, beautiful radimce is still tourhing the wan wails of Castle Dare. And there is Asdalanieh Point; and that the ruddy Bosi of Mull ; and th«re will be a ftood t i dp in the Sound of Ion* Why, then, fib -h*T linger, and keep the old Uwtpiri with her fails' flipping idJy m the wind f « As you pus throURfa Jura's Sound, Bend ytmr course br Scute's shore j Shun, O shoo, the gulf profonnd where Corrieaeckan'e surges roar V They are in no dancer of Corruvrerkan now ; they are in. fsn.ifiar wafers ; only that is another Oolonrtv that lip* away there in tVe south. Keith Macleod seated up at the bow i« calmly rrgan'iijg it. He is quite alone! ti.tp ;. ^o »o«nd arounJ him bat the lipoiur 4' tilt warst, . eV *. ' And f»«rf».j XXie tor return. r -.- Xbeduna-tKnind saikm ku»v Uie d»\ ; Kor sidly atOI the Mennaid mourns The Vtn^f chief Ooloway.' And is be listromg now for the wild sound of hrr singiVgr Or is he thtnUng of the bnve Maephail who went bark after eevea long months of absence, and f*nnd the maif of Coloasay still true to him? The ruby ting she had gnen bhn tad nrvrr rated. There was on* woman who -could remain true -? her absent lover. ' Furnish came forward, 'Will we go 00 now, 8ir ?' said abe, in the Hamish looked round. The 'shining oleu Evening looked vary calm, notwithstanding tbe totsing of the blue-black waves. And it nemed waisteful to the old Bailor to keep the yacht lying to or aimlessly sailing this way and that while this favorable wind remained to them. , ' I am not sure that the breese will last. Sir gaith.' ~ ' Are you sure of any 'thing, Hamish ?' Macleod said, quite absently. 'Well, there is one thing we can -*lLmak4,!iure oL , But J. bave told vou, Hamish, Ii» J»t goi% up the souud of lona in daylight j why, tbera is sot a man in all the islands who would not know of our coming by to-morrow morning. We will go up the Sound as soon as it is dark. It is a new moon to-night ; and I think we can go without lights, Hamisb.' ' Tbe Xhauura is coming south to-night. Sir Keith,' the old man said. ' Why, Hamish. yea seem to have lost all your courage as soon as you put Colin Laing ashore.' 'Colin Laing 1 Is it Colin Laing!' ex claimed Hamhh| indignantly. 'I will tnow how to BaQ thu yacht, aad I will know the banks, and tbe tides, and tbe roeks, batter than any fifteen thousands of Colin Laings!'1 ' And what if the Jhonura is coming south P If she can not see ns, we can see her.' gBut whether it.was that Colin Laing had said before leaving the yacht managed to convey to Tfamiah gome notion of the risk he was run ning, or whether it was that he was merely anxious for his master's safety, it was- olear that Hannah was far from satisfied. He opened and shut his big clasp- knife in an awkward silence. Then b* said : 'You will not go to .Castle Dare, Sir jfrithP' ' r' T .-. ' Macleod started; he had forgotten that Hamish was there. ** No. I have told you where I am going.' ' But there is not any good anchorage at that island. Sir I' he protested. ' Have I not been round every biy of it ; end you too, Sir Keith P aad you know there is sot an inch of sand or of mud, but ouly the small loose stones. And then the shepherd they left there all by himself; it was mad he became at last, and took his own life too.' ' Well, do you expect to see his ghost P' Macleod said. 'Come, Hamish, you have lost your nerve in tbe south. Surely you axe not afraid of being any where in - the old yacht so long as she has sea-room «roand her?' ' And if you are not wishing to go up tbe Sanad of lona in the daylight, Sir Keith,' HamUh^said, still clinging to the point, 'we could bear a little to tie south, and go sound the outside of lona.' 'The Dubh Artwfe men would recognise tbe Vmmn at onoa,' Maoleod said, abruptly ; and then be suggested to Hamish that he .h/uU «t * little more wav on the vacbt, so that aha might Be a wine suauier wueu Christina carried the dinner into the English lady's cabin. Bui indeed there was now little breeze of any kind. HamUh's fears of a dead calm were Jikely to prove true. Meanwhile another' conversation had been going forward in the small cabin below, that waa bow suffused by a atrange warm light reflected: fcom l*e Avening^al^. Miss. White waa iaoWngjrery |a»U .«owj aftarjajongaea xayvgte. During roeir first few hours in -blue water sbe bad been, very ill indeed j and abe repeatadly .cauW on Chrisffiaa t« allow her to die. TJre iW (BighlMid'wonj«l1 cam* to the oanolusion that ^ngtish' ladiea were raths* childish in theu-wayU but the only answer she made to tab reiterate ' praysr was to make TtlTm White si comfortatu. » was possible, and toad^ntiikter«ucli're*torativas«she«bough* &e;*M*-i& J«ngth,4shan recovery and a iountT 3»p-S4te T«t in, 4fa«-4WtMtit began to »how*grsat ftiendshiplbr-a»ristina. Then i^!ji nn Irniai jnt . 'BjallllTf f ~'~Tf'* mt^_ awful late in atore for - ever? nooy connected vhh th s/enterprias, 8he fried rather to enlist tbeotd woman's sympathies on her behalf and if sbe did not Very well succeed in that direction at ieast»he' remained -on -fijendly terms witii Ohristimv antt receJVod from her tbe ao!aoe of nu^joas^ahouttha whereabouts and possi-' H«d«rtwatkw-of tt-»bie. , , A^ -ft *bia evening Uhrntna had an impor tant p»ee of news. 'Where b»v«we«ot to now, Christina f said Miss White, quite checHallj, when theotd M Oh yss, mwn»ire wlfi '^1 be off the Mull shore, but ? good .piece Away fram it, and there boot mush -wind, stem. But Hamuh thinks we will get to the anchorage tb* r:-r whatever.' *''_„. «' The anchorage 1' Miss White exclaimed, eagariy. 'Where! Xoa an going to Castia Dare, aurely V \- Mo, mem, I think not,' aaid Christina. ' I think it is an island — but you wul not know the name of that islsnd— thete -is no English /or it at all.' — But' where is ift^^f* 4t near Castle Psre?' ' Oh no, mem ; it is a good way from Csatle Dare ; aad itis out m the sea. ' Do you know GomttrSj mem ? — wassjou «rer going out to Qometra ?' . 'Y«, .of- course; -I remember sometbiug aboat it, anyway.' 'Ah, well, it is «way out flfcat (Gkuoetra, mem ; and not a good place for an anchorage whatever ) but Hamiah he will know all the anchorages.' ' ' What on earth h the use of going there ?' ?? I do not know, mem.' 'T« R5r SMtb'iRflne tokecB me on board this boat forever P' 'Idonotinow.meeft*1. v -^J ^ Christinabad to leave the Ba*in just-thaa , when aba returned abe «aid, with aome little hesitation, :. i ? ? ' - - 'lfIwaBsn»ekka% *o*cM, «aewi,«as to say this to you: Why -are yon not asking the qnestians of Sir Keith iunuetf F He will know all about it 1 and if you were to oome into the aaloon, mem — ' 'Do you think I would enter into any oommunicatioD with him after bis treatment of nef' said Visa White, indignantly. -? So ; let him atone for that first. When he has set me at liberty, then I wuispemk with him , but i.f ver so lane a* he keeps me abut up like a con via.' - ?-? ?-- _ w-.:-- ?? ^.*v^r 'I wass only sayisg, mem,' Christiana answered, with - gseat. res.tct, 'that if you are wishing -o know *he-e|we weia going. Sir Xeilb will know that ; but how can 1 know it f Anl joi kno4, Warn; Sir Keith has not shut you up in this cabin : you hef the saloon, if you wouH pkaaeto bef it.' 'Thank you, 1 knowf* njoinei Miss White. ' If I choose, my jail may consist of two -rooms instead of one, I -don't appreciate that amount of liberty. I want to be «et ashore.' ' ' . ' - ' That I . bef nothing to do with, mem,' Christina said, humbly, proceeding with her work. Miss WbiU, being left to think oyef tb«s» thing*, »a» btfiuning to bcHtte thai, af\ar alf, t.er -ibdurai-j *n -nut likely 10 be of much ?ervice tv tier. Would it uot be wiser to tr^at ?lib I lit- eoeoij — perhaps to out- sis bins toy a ahow o- forgiveness f Here they were approach ing the end of the vojags — at least Christina seemed to Ultimate as much{ and if they ware not exactly within call ot friends, they would aurely be within rowing distance of aome inhabited island, even - Oometra, for example. And if only a aaetssge cosld be sent to Castl* Dare1 L- dy MacUwdand^aM(Macl*oa ware women, foey would aot. oooutanancs this monstrous thu-g. If aheeottldotJ} reach, them abe would be saw, - ? - 