an e vening erive in tasmania, ' , By .Wanderer,, Business a short timo ago took mo to tho Nino-Mile Spriugs, when, to make the jour ney as easy as possible to my horao, I pat a addlo aud briulo in the buggy, intendmg to ride ovor the rougli part of tho road, which begins after leaving Mount Dircotion, Loaving Hill's modest hostelry, I pursued my journey, did what businoss - called me to tho Springs and elsewhere,' and roturnod to the Mount about 8'-o'clock in the 'ovening, whon— aftor seoing ; my? horso well fed - and attended,' aud partaking of ft cup of ton, I got ready for my return to lsaunccston. It was' how late and quito dark, although a faint lighting up of tho eastern sky told me that the moon" would soon bo in the licavcns. I got into the buggy and stat tod. - rMy horso was froslatul onger for his homeward trip; and I lmd difficulty in clicoking 'his im-: paticnco, : : Tho road, however, is rough for .the .first half-mile after .leaving Hill's, and. compels a alow pnee if 'you have. any. respect for; the ; springs of tho (vohiolo ' or'yonr own vertbe'ra). 33y going slo>y at first I also got iiaecl to th'o darkness,' which 'for' tIio;firsfc fc\v minutes appeared intcnac. The forest comes close to tlio. rund; on oithcr side, in fact the . thoroughfare is : cut through it, and in' looking ;. or .trying ito look ahend,. tho track simxdyir appears liko ; a ; black wedgo.t oxcopt overhead, where, tho stars could" be soon/ but .on caoh side it was n wall MomaAkto inM that I glimpso .of tli. moon, ruin) f WM Mount Horror, n„d by Slowly Bbout a mil., fe«li„Vm„ i 8»». ,r ' change Mfttzhdo ih.® oj? sido - on which th« y ,rt"» tell, tho othmv remaining in dMmoon¥l gloom, and through gaJ nnd tlio timber crept' tho liring liuP'',n,,,8' '« rsiulgont moon-whoso glorious iw'0"1 ll« psat tho lull,. I saw thro lT a J,L'e?rC!l7 forest, one blu. of liring light 1 SSi" 1 wWSfi I havo travollcd on wanv . continont— also in Noir our with every broatli of' air tlio f1 from lent to loaf, and tlio ivliof/fj l? wUh nrndhsnco begot of The road is now found smooth u , „? path, hut is for many mile,, Knadt. and staep ascents and descent. your norsu will rush with lieLS. ,Ul Tim froshnss. of thonirM tH .8ncti- scenery, the d.lightfSltVncti blooming wattlo, tlio porplo heather SS if oroepuig clematis, rooderod th . liciqus, tho air was almost o'c?l£it h«X7 with aromatic sccqIa.a the gontle brcoz. waftod srouad, owS anon a bunch of wattle blossom »hm.7l drooped - blushing with RS dow, aplastics in my f«co iu I no, «,iS 5 past in tlio rapid doscont into one n i gullies. jTlio gravel path ia crisp w L ! test forming film of frost, and L fL. snort, with glo. nshespoedsaloog. A'oi ngain ho stops to wet )iis lip, „t oul7 ' many ory.tal v lls whieh trickl. M""r?I,10h mKt 'hsfoadinj, places, Horo and tlioto smnll glades o«! out, and tli. moon pours hor light domoK fairy doll, and I almost ojpect and hope to see a host of fays, tripping in magic eWa or whirling m fantastic rings in the light d tne moon, ,, So soft tlio S0SII8, so formed for iov, Hut the lines of Goetho came to my mind— Know'st thou tlio lend whore tlio lemon trees . bloom, iWhero the -wild orango grows in tlisdeto tluckots gloom, Where tho wind ever soft from the bins Hcavon blows, And the groves arc of laurel, and myrtle sud ,: / -roso? , Dosconding rapidly down tlio deep slopes, the ovcrlmnging trees appoar to meet, and I appear to, bo rushing into an Arcadian bower, or a sub-ariel tunnol formed bv the giants, of the forest. Tiio Quocn of Night is now floating high m tho heavens, and her light is streaming through the trees, which alternate light tod shade, as her rays fall upon them. Kangirooi and wallaby go hopping post across thoroad, and tho ojiossum is chattering in the bough above, while hero and thoro long strips ol -bark hang from the tall trees, many yards in length, and as . thoy gently sway to and fro with tho wind, look like monitroui boas hanging down waiting for prey to cms within reach of their noisomo coil and deadly fangs ; aud; as thoy move with each breath of nir, scorn instinct with lifo, twisting in horrid- convulsions, and' imagination carriu mo to scenes in Africa's forests or the deadly forests of Ceylon. Now and again tho mig pie (our nightingalo) breaks forth into long, and mnkcs.tho forest eclio with his l»nh hot melodious warbling, piercing the niht with a shower of sound ; and his mate hi some neighboring thicket, answering back hU roundelay, -pours thoough the woods flood of melody. All was calm, soothing, beaati- ful. "Ob, for a home in some such irildia ness. Somo boundless contiguity of shads where, rumor of oppression and deceit mi) novor roach mc moro." Now for a short tarico tlio forest is thinner, tho trees mon scattered hero and there, tho black and gnarlod trunk of somo burnt monarch of the woods, looked liked a damned demon throwing his arms about in wilddemirj while not far distant tho bleached and bark less atom of another mined forest king,, looked weird and ghost-like in the partial gloom. Konching tho bottom of one of tho slopes, and crossing a small bridge, undor which twined the ailvor thread of a murmuring ' streamlet, broken into mimtc falls and spray by the strong bottom of the brook, tho country became more open for a short distance. Away on my left, hy i what ouco was an old convict station, now converted into farm buildings, tho property of a worthy ox-pedngoguo nndex-M.l. Tns road hero is lcvol, and invr horssswnng along at a spanking trot, and all is quiet lavo the jingling of tho harness and the sharp itriw of tho hoof on tho hrittlo surface of tM road. Betido those thoro was no sound » break tho stilluesa of the night, earo a few wild water-fowl startled from some netgu boring burn, rushed through tho air, WJ ing with rapid wings ami giving forth w« quiot cry peculiar to them, when on t« 'wing. " Here ntid tiicro on tho tclcpwpt posts a mopebawk was perched, sentinel like,- ready to pounce down on mow or lizard - which might be about, dtacewM with soft, noiseless wings upon his rrey. had now reached a piece of the road is almost a dead lovel, and winch runs to, milolor more through tho farm of Mr. t ' soil. Tho land hero lies low, ftml s ® lcvol witli tho Tamar River, The tide n « and falls in tlio drains alongaiilo tlic rojj. tlio fields are of a marshy character, and w» croak of numerous frogs- Deep mouthed arose, and doubly harsn, As dlsturbod liy the rumble of the, whw" they : sought .ahcltor in tlio doptlis ponds, the moon shiiics on tho _>' which is gravelled with quarl tej fl white, ninl appears like covered with ' again tlio forest closes on tire rosd sido till I reach tlio Nins-Mliopt'tl " kept by Mr. Wholan. ThorM. rapidly on to a bndgo close tothe Tanq . aftor passing a liouio, in i t'.mes Ions V -n inliabitsd by Captain -Noilly, k , ,i ; ruins, enter on a part of tho road which » forest, again closes in ul,0"> i.crc ji shade , clrequer tho patfc. Tho«»! 1 1 sandy, nnd tho heath or heather ground, and is in full bloom, for . I 8. nnlookod tho -flowors to ijjai earth. And thb sir ;horo is. with honoy-dow. . Again -a »'ceP, ,i(en my good horso puts a stout heart to » brae,\ A'togothor breast tiieheatlicr. Stout heart pit 'gainst loft brao man " Now wo havo reached and risli ovor the bridge, i iS a tnrhuloiit littlo burn, all foam - wn- angry with, tho stars .IlcrlmJ"', _r0M bcanty sluno in its turbulent face ; W t dioturbod might of this learn a the and rufliod faco <!"«» On .stars- ovon would iiot look u h'" n 'we spod, and from tho to =of tlio caught sight of tlio _ i,j, .tshle, Tlio liorio knows. ho t is n«iri g pt, and protends to shy at tho ahad j and itarts aside till tho vehicle «h « » for.a; few seconds on one pdjeo' omy, » havo to loan ovor to righ t . ,lo\n, on,, wo spcodi past ltonohcrs llloon. tlio lull ; bolow mo; ,, lsm oola . light, tlic slcoping «10 cwm- and pretty ; and aron wbosa lovoly. estate of tho Hon- 1- |.o n(0tli»l- broad aoros and flocks and liori j ,ls„ I havo now ronohed tlio town, . >crjptj0ii oi ploased any ouo by this shor acoptio my , ride, I am satisfioA If W ith thinks I havo ovoreliarged tli j(r -beauty, I challenge him ®r,j® w!ie'u In or —to accompany mo noxt faui , j wu sho shall judge for liimsoli or hcrse , be 'passive. 