LITERATURE The Storyteller. The Midnight Ride of Rose Maguire. (From the Argonaut) KATE HEATH. WE were on the up-grade, and the six horses were slowly pulling their best. We were in a forest of mountains, each spiked over its top by a row of pines standing straight and stiff against the horizon. I could see the road far ahead winding round the ascent like a girdling ribbon, and bending over the side, while a resinous piney fragrance enchanted my nostril; I looked into the depths of a pine-forest with its waste of underbrush springing round the roots, and a marvel of cool dull green underlying it all. Exceptionally fine weather it was, the stage driver said, for this time of the year. I was out on the box, you will understand, because it made me sick to ride inside, and for this once I was glad of it. Perched so far above ground I had felt a» though borne in the air, and'l should have liked to snatch the reins from his hands and set the horses into a mad gallop up hill and down. The mountain air was as heady as champagne, and the changing view that was spread before me dazzled my eyes. A hundred times I called ta Tom, yawning and drowsing his time inside, to look from his window at the nooks and glens among the windings of the brawling stream, or the sudden plunges we made into ravue% ol> the grand rise of mountain above mountain -re* veiled to us by our own elevation.. Suddenly, as we were crawling on the up« grade, round a projection ahead of us appeared a woman on horseback. Our driver tightened his slack reins, and gave a low peculiar whfatle to his horses. Six pair of ears straightened brukly, the lagging hoots picked themselves up and quickened their pace, and every bone began to pull so that we fell into a smart trot. The horsewoman ahead shook her bridle, and,,with* out warning, her pony stretched into a, ajprp gallop, and as its flying feet struok the ground she rose in the saddle like a bird with. • Jjbjbt, easy, graceful motion of the shoulder and • care* leas poise of the heed. 8o we passed one aaeeW in fine style, and as she dashed along the road ahe was quite an exoitMaent to mi Her eyes were dark and prankish, her bjack hair hung in arfcraid.down her back, and was tfetf 'wits aa end of red ri'tfbon ; her cheeks and lips were rosy as '- the sunset that called'the blush to. the mountain, and she had a saucy cap on her head^ She had a witching oatoh-me-if- you'dare face, when you took it altogether, and she flashed up at the box seat a recognition as she passed. Tom poked his la*y head out of the window to look after her. "Deeentish looking girl, that; mottlesome, I should say," he called up to toe* "Just draw my attention in time when another such view heavea into tight, will you X' I saw the corners of the driver's mouth jerking in a half smile. He clicked to his horses, hemmed a bit, arranged his coat-collar, then fixed his gaze between the ears of the off-wheeler, and said he: " That's Rosie Maguire •" " Indeed ?" I said, my eyebrows twisting into an interrogation point " Yes'm; Tim Maguire's daughter over into the town, and as soon as we get up this mount and strike the Bunker grade we'll be there in less than an hour." This is the way he began to tell me the story, which as near as I can I shall tell to you. I had the shifting scene before me, though the spot in which the plot was laid and played and .the chief actors were in my mind. Rose Maguire came into these parts alone with her father when he opened the " hotel." Being without a mother, she had no bringing up, and early took to horses. From a little girl up she had never minded whether a horse was a tame or a wild one. Put her once in a saddle and she stuck to it like a cat Shu knew her way among the hills better than she knew her way along the lines of a book, and day after day she was out among them riding none knew whither till her fancy called her home. Had she met danger in human form she'd have shaken her horse's heels in its face, and bean off on the gallop before it could have drawn breath. As she came through town on her horse from this direction or that, she was a sight as well known as the stage itself dashing up to the door of her father** " hotel.** _ There wasn't n young man thereabouts but had bis eye on Rosie Maguire for a wife by-and-by, if ahe'd have him. But Rose, she tossed her head at each and all, though she threw a glance at them now and then from under her lashes, with a look that was like spiced wine to thirst, just to keep them on the string—the little flirt! Among these admirers was a homely fellow who'd have given hand and foot for little Rose—one John Win<tanley by name, Hut called, for short, Johnny Win. If ever there was one tnm at whom she snuffled up her little nose it was Johnny. She ordered him to her stirrup, and never noticed him when he came ; she cut him dead without a look, and again speared him through with a glance ; she smiled upon the veriest when he was near, and at times he wished he hid been a dog that he might shrink into a corner by himself, so hart and small he felt. He wag one of the owners of tae eh.jrt atage line, and was about taking the whip himmlf when occasion demanded, and many and many » day had ha invited Rosie for a rids ia the Mat of honor by hi* side, but she'd only ■hake her head and smile like the witch that ahe was.' "I'll ride in your stage when I get to be a lady and go for my wedding journey !" ahe cried after him one day, and on bis return that night he met her walking with a fellow that had just opened a store in town. "Well, well!" be said to Tin Maguire after supper, " from this time on it's good-bye Rosie with me," Thu speech was duly repeated to her, and her chin went up in the sir, her cheek grew redder and her black eyes brighter, and her dainty ears perked anew in offended dignity. " Now hear to me. father," said ahe; "it's well Johnny's couUmt, and tell him for me that your Rosie's looking higher up." la the beginning of that winter it started in to rain, and it rained right along through. The soil was soaked, and here and there on the mountain sides the land began to slide, and it was a soft and dangerous thing to tread on. The little streams that trickled along in summer so musU eaily came foaming down in torrents, though never in any one place cutting wide channels, since the water made for itself a hundred courses, and fretted at th* fwt of boulders and the roots . of trees, laying them bare or undermining them as slowly and secretly as a false friend. The water was fresh and sparkling, and if but for j an hour the sun shone the hUhade glistened with the raindrops clinging to the pines, and the run ning streams were necklaces of silver. As if bruised by the beating rains, the forests sent up an odor into the heavens, and there was no bush or vine but had its own wild fragrance. It was rain, rain, rain, and the roads became ■ so unsafe it was thought risky to run the stage on account of the many ruts and the sort spots in the track, down which the water had seeped, leaving the surface fair and smooth. It came so bad that one morning the paid driver made it his business to beg off on account of the worry the tripe gave his wife. "Then I'll go myself, for the mafl must be brought," said Johnny Win, . , J "But if you break a neck there's no on« to cry for you." It was Base ssM i^ having over, heard him. "All the same, Miss Rosie: I'll go,aad per- ! haps the neck '11 break easier because the break' ing '11 grieve no one;" and then she went sing* Ing away up the rough stair, and he rode out into the mountains with therein of his six horses in his hand*. Carefully he drove, and wargf he watched the road; ao^ it reined and Wne*. DropsfeUiebfc • a* egg, and brojuupm branches and atone* ¥Wathe streams qmswrnM with the rod* it eesaed as tWTth. Wi^jpta^riSfi** •-^■yS. moo*,. J* & tomlTr** •etas hard, and, trying Jpalnfc Boole Xaguire rent about the house. Pwdbc. htfftlt with a howand thing WU^^» niuiU live o'clock was stage iftmsCtAit bo sls-i came, kipper came and wc&Vpebple; fcopbed fifo the ' naff and went boD4< the efcef stfuek 7 ajtf i MJu stage. /« HeVproSbty waited over likMng the roads tdbi*d Vgftabj daylight' 1 •uTdZ: answ^^'ifoSJ; f Jekamfgg&iob; uaien eTCu^'ah' gtt'an* regkr ' fl* *% lptjf * road! Jfcpsßd upgn^ ibyi. Wi In troutfe somew^^es with thai 'stage ar thte^oeMS. It 'ud be worth a manVUfilo Ind out though.** While he Iran*! over his bar and Miffed the emoke and talk from between his lips, mjafitis the small excitement, he never noticed he little girl hovering near the door, anxiously smiling ana smartening up a Hi, or curving and bridling with her neck, as a glance from some or other of the numerous pain of ey«U shot that Way. Bat sometimes she strained her ear not to lose a word, or hollowed her hand round X to catch a sound, or shook her hair restlessly away, and a minute after hummed at a saucy snatch or two, and all the time flitting about like a moth near the door, so busy with the broom, or the curtain, or the rug. It was good S when certain assurance was brought that the stage was of a surety really on the road, on its back trip, by a horseman who had met and passed ft •Ruffling along off among the bilk. Man/ ew-t&'hand* raised, ■ palm outward, In dismaj then; but wUsfe/the •ten took a look out of the window into the dead darkness, and heard Joe roar of the stream, and the awish of the falling: rain, they shook thajrj head*, and came back to the stove once more. And when the etook was on.the stroke of 9 a small form, a-tiptoe and a-tremble, stole out the back doorway, silently and stilly as the l«at that whispers bat to itself as it falls, and the eyes that gleamed beneath the low forehead Hke stars of a dark night were wet with something besides drops of rain. Oat to the stables Rosie flew straight as a sent arrow ; and her own little bay mare whinnied, as the small hand slid rapidly down flanks, as bridle went over neck, and saddle across back. The mare stamped and pawed, and then shrunk back for an instant at the door as a drop splashed in her face ; but she gathered herself together, aud with a bound like a rabbit she was off and away into the dark. And theu began the wild ride of Rosie Maguire! T..e feet of the little mare danoed upon the bridge that spanned the swollen creek, lit with a dull thud in the mud, struck fire from the stones that lay beyond, then away ahe st irted on a gallop up the Bunker grade till the wise little mUtrae* checked her speed. " Nay, My," said the brave Rose, " we shall need our strength for the long hard roads that lie beyond." As they touched the top of the mountain the rain had ceased, but a dull and sullen silenoe fell from the heavens, and a watery blear-eyed moon looked out An eerie goblin moon looked out, and the clouds had jagged its edges till it seemed like a torn tear. It illumined the dread ful mountain and the gaunt forest with the ghost of a light, that shimmered and wavered half-way between a leer and a smile. But the little maid kept her lonely way, flying, as it seemed to herself, always hi the dark, while the shuddering shadows on either side of her made great jumps over her head, and reached, and ' drew back, their black-gloved hands. * ' "Why, Johnny," ahe said to herself bnoe, "Johnny, I never shall find you; and may be ydur wheels have gone over the side of the mount ii a in this dreadful dark." And then she was half crying, and she put her hands over her eyes; but the little mare felt her way on and on, and with her good horse-sense stepped now to this side, now to that, accepting the warnings her sensitive feet took from bad ground. They left behind them the great rock from whose solid heart the road had been hewn, the clump of firs that blackened all one side of a hill; the round bare headed mountain that through the whole year stood uncovered among its fellows. A hundred streams they dashed through, that sputtered, and splashed, and made their outcry, and the uight was now hideous, now musical, with the Bounds that wailed or sang through it The sough of the pines filled the ears set to every sound ; a shiver like a moan came up through the branched ; a idosen sighs at once breathed across the startled Jips ; every twig, every stone and stick, seemed to echo like the failing tang of a harp, and the rushing water rollicked faintly afar off, or burst into chorus behind or before. Eh I but it was a wild ride! Up hill and down hill, through mud and through mire, alone in the dead of night among the lonely moun tains, with a great cry in the heart of "Oh ! where are you, Johnny Win, and how shall I find you at all!" Despairing eyes peered through the dark, and its darker imaginings, and fancy pictured a dead man far down the hill-aide— perhaps this spot, or this, br this, had witnessed the first false step ; and such sobs broke through her lips that they came to be agony just of them selves. Her thoughts were wild animals feeding on her heart, and a hundred times almost she leaped from her saddle at something that was like a human moan. Calls from north, and sooth, and east, and west whispered in her ear, smuggled in ander cover of a cracking branch or a dashing stone, like a letter under an apron, " Roaie, n.y girl 1" «Rosie Maguire I" "Here I »m. Rose, woman; down hi the guloh, a-dyin'." " I was mockin' ye, Rose, an' it's here I am, not over there !" " Oh, Rose, Rose 1" " I'm on the hill now, watchin' the horses dance." "No, Rode, no; it's erawlin* at your stirrup I am, waitin' the lift of your hand." " Rosie, Rosie, darlinM" But, like a hero fighting in battle, she struck them down hovering upon her saddle out of verj fear, and shrinking first to one side, then to the dtner,uncertain as to where danger lay. A toung girl, full of her shivering!, her fears, and her fancies, in a thick darkness cut by frightful moon-ram, miles and miles from an abode ; what If sons bold fellow should hear her mare's gallop, and fid** her side now t Is it a wonder that the put her hsM over upos her horse's neck, just o* sj^metbhig that was really alive Bat, hurrah I«yWs*eDM* Res»>y brave bay mate! What is that really down in the gob. tUs that, Hs for* wheels In a rat, and the ws*st pants* Wee mill race through them ? U, you ire, sis koQBM, weary and worm, stand wtfetly in harness, aodlo! a ouaVon the ground With a broke* leg and his refasKund his hands, raftttg 4b* painful Bight threWi till day and MtpsbaMeooM. May, asm sorttsMeiy girl, nor unp £rom your saddle so. Yoo've faond him, toes, you've found bin), «piU of road, and rain, nd nijAt: and your two slender wet srms franti •Uy (Angmg re&dhfa; neoktteßbe angel touches OMSB. ■<..,•< •••■.•! :" '■■' •• . t Jlov, pbjrrap to JW horses, Johnny Win, and pt your staff ou^ol the deep rut as you lie on the i [round; then up, man, over the wheel, dragging roar leg sJter1 70* Wouldn't that brave gH by ; <>ursicUi»U the heart oltheveryrnounUin leap oils mouth! Slowly and cautiously along the road they wedt. the tired mare following behind. Through the shadows and the hills and the voices of the nia£t, fobbed of their terrors now, went Rose and Johnny, and the stage and the pretty mare, •cross the treacherous streams, and the thousand favines, and the atones that lav by the way, and the shadows that had sprung like wolves to the dainty stirrup. Slowly, and oh, so carefully, the horses' ears hanging from very weariness ; but, behold 1 the breaking of the day brought them to the highest peak of all, and tbe fair down grade was all that lay between them and rest. Then the horses prickwd up their ear*, the wheels spun, and down they whirled with Rose's own little foot helping on the brake. Well, well, but tt was glad they were to see the houses, though not a soul was stirring; what with Johnny's broken limb, and Rosie's cheeks feverish with excitement, the night she had spent, the deed she had dose, which must go to the world, and the blushes of her own ashamed and confessed love! , Astonished the hostler was when he came run ning, half asleep ; and there was Tim Maguire staring aghast from an upper window, and a dosen others round by the lumbering stage. But Rosie's ride was ended, and down she stepped, and slipped away to hide her face in her own pillow. It was ended, but the noue of it went abroad through the mountains, and though that Was a year come the 19th day of January, the folks have never yet done talking about the ride she took in the night over the roada. "Sir, I congratulate you on your bride that is to be," cried I, warmly, turning to the driver. "Thank ye," he answered, pleasantly. "She'll be eighteen come the 20th day of September." 