THE SPORTSMAN, "ONE OF THEM," AND "POINT." by poimi. In the Sportsman of lab Novembor there appears a letter on "The Old Sussex Eleven," by F. G., well-known as Mr. F, Gale, a gentleman who was connected with the Surrey County Club for many years, in. which the writefisays : — " I . will tell you where I think our weakness lies now, which ls in having so many cricketers in every county, and there being no absolute neces sity now to train a special eleven for the season. The necessity of doing this by our antipodean cousins probably was tho cause of the Australians catching as to a certain extent ' napping,' and not prepared for the worst at all points. . . . When Nottingham' made ready for the Aus tralians, and Yorkshire (in their socond match), and thereal Gentlemen of England, and Cambridge University did the same, our cousins were no where, and they showed a great deal more discre tion than taste and manners when Mr. Conway ' slided-away ' from bringing them against the Eleven of England, who were ready for them at tho Oval, against whom they would not have hod tho ghost of a chanco," This production, it must be remombored, appears long after the Australians left, and when all their doings in Eagland wore known, and yet the writer wilfully ignores tLe Surrey, Lancashire, Gloucester and return gentlemen's match, and also the second match against the players, In which a very strong team was brought into the field, D003 betneau to say that Lancashire and Gloucester wore not prepared for-thefight. ifc is AvoVy ctisy' way to make a good case- to ignoro tbatof your op- ponontaltogether, bub it" shows- great 'Weakness whontho -Nottingham match hasto be instanced as acase in ivbich the Australians were beaten on their merits; Is Mr. Gale awaie of the fact that" Nottingham shuffled out of the return match with the Australians that had been arranged- on the plea that thoy conld not get a strong enough team together. However, I will leave thiq just now, till I bring before my readerslihe postscript to the letter from which I Lave quoted. It runstbas " Postscript.— Since writing the above I have perused a file of The Leader (a first-rate paper) from Australia of August, which Sou therton kindly : sent to mo, and in which many of the matches are very well and ably reported.. But I blush to seo that a writer, who signs himself " Point" be sides some brag about tho Australian Eleven being far superior to onrselves, ventures to claim that the hollow victories by Nottingham, the Geptlemen of . England, Cambridge (all single innings defeats), and by Yorkshire in the second : match (nearly a single innings victory) were only due to the chances of cricket and not to English superiority, and then goes on to abuse our English umpires, reviewing a decision about a leg before wicket, and accusing the lion. E. Lyttelton of tampering with the hmpire at Lord's. There it is in print for anyone to road, and if it be not un- . contradicted it remains as tbe opinion of tho Aus- . traliau team themselves." The "brag" to which the writer refora was somo remarks of mine coupled with certain' extracts from English papers, such as that from, tho Daily News, in which, referring to the 'Gentlemen's match, it says "The state of the ground IbH , the real value of the Australian batting still an uukuown quantity. , , Till we have a fortnight of summer weather- a deci sive verdict is scarcely possible." Then I went' on to say (Leader, 24th August)— "The return match with Yorkshire is just aB unaccountable by tho light of the full report as that against the Gentlemen. Opposed to what was regarded as a weaker team than that they had ' previously vanquished by six wickets, they had to submit to a. nine wickets' beating-on a ground that appears to have been admirably suited to their batting. In like manner the breakdown against Cam bridge, also on what, according to tho telegraph, was a splendid wickot, and. in hot weather, must probably beset down to the proverbial uncer tainty of cricket. Comparing, the result, of this match with what was anticipated . of it by some people when the mail left, shows how utterly impossible it is in most cases to make any reliable forecast, of a game at cricket,. In the Sportsman .of 25th June — after the Gentle-' men's match — there is a letter dated the previous day, in which the writer fears tho light blues arc scarcely strong enough to meet their adversaries on equal terms,' and suggesting a combined team from tbe two Uni versities." Where is ihe brag in thiB? I have carefully gone through tho whole article, and there is not one word about tbe "Australian Eleven bein far superior to ourselves." So in addition to being disingenuous, Mr. Gale does not mind embellishing the trutb a bit to make a sensational letter. Woll, then this gentleman goes on to say that I abuse Euglish umpires, &c.; On this point I make tbe following extraots from the Sportsman of tbo day after: — "Our corres pondent, F.G., has forwarded us the Melbourne Leader of -24lli August, which contains accounts of some of tbo matches played in England by tho Australian Eleven. ' One of Them,' i.e., one of the Australian team, makes tbo following charges with reference to tbo Middlesex match, which, to say the least, are so iusulting as to demand some explanation from Gregory. ' One oE Them' writes thus : — 'I. D. Walker and E. Lyttelton played up most detorminedly, and the scoring became very fast. Allan had cah batsman leg before wicket, but Nixon was determined not to give either out. Lyttelton would sometimes be hit while standing right in- front, aud though Allan was bowling over the wickot with scarcely any break, tbo nmpiro's verdict would bo in variably in the batsman's favor. Lyttelton would now aud then say, ' Quite right-,' Nixon,' though from his. position fio could not possibly tell whether the . decision was right, or not ; and besides a batsman, I think, should never speak to tho umpire in such a v/ay as might tend to in fluence his decision.' ' Point,' in the same paper, also'haB a fling at the Cambridge captain, though as his information is obviously only taken from 'One of Them,' it is not worth much. He writes Thon, as regards umpiring, I have always thought that England was froo from the difficulties wo -experience hero from amateurs, who fill tbo post but don't understand their duties' or the rulo3 of the game. There, however, according to 'One of Them,' a greater ' danger has to be feared, hnd that is tho. truckling of tbe professional umpires to gentlemen players, I have often heard it said that umpires were frightened to give" W. G. Grace out leg before wicket, but always thought it was an interested cry raised On behalf of the bowlers ; but it may. be thero is some truth in it. Fancy a colonial batsman saying to a colonial umpire, ' Quite, right, Brown,' , when that functionary, had de clined to give him ont leg before, or for some other cause. . I imagine it would be a long time before be heard. tbe last of it. Yet tbat is . what E. Lyttelton did in tbe Middlesex match, accord ing to 'Ono of Them."' It is quito evident from this that all I did wa3 to comment on what " One of. Them" said, so we will let that pass as another instance of Mr. Gale's regard for thetrnth, Tho most amusing part of . the whole thing, however, is where the Sportsman says the " charges . . . are so insulting As to demand somo explanation from Gregory." It seems to me the explanation is required, not from Gregory or "One of Tbern," but from E. Lyttelton. A distinct charge of uncricketlikc conduct is made against, the former, which, in the ordinary course of events, would require an answer. But, no, an Australian bas had tbe audacity to make such a charge, and, therefore, we are to reverse all custom and call upon him . to justify himself. I h avo "spoken to " One of Them " and others of tho team, and they assure ma' they distinctly heard E. Lyttelton make the remark in question to the umpire. Cricket would seem to beina qneer state at home when such a thing can bo allowed to pass unnoticed. To fifiiaK up with Mr. Gale,. he knows as . well as anyone in England that .the Australians never shirked a single match, so that when he talks about their haviug "elided away" from playing tho real eleven of England be is simply indulging in abhso, and saying what he mnst be -aensible in not true, in order to make a point against the eleven that-had been audacious enough to beat liis county, in addition to scoring so many othor creditable" victories in the old country. Strangely enough there is not a word in his letter or post script. about the Marylobono match ! Of one thing. 1 am certain, uud that is, Mr, Gale will not have "many sympathisers in England "in his abuse of the Eloven, for throughout th by were received in a most generous spirit. There must be carpers auu vilifiors everywhere, and Mr. Gale bas choson to be their champion on this occasion. Kow v. Richmond second. — This match re sulted in an oasy -victory for the former, tbescoro being — Kew, five wickets for 187 ; Richmond; I0G. For tho former Stead 87, and Henly 67 batted well ; for the lattor Stokes 43, Hosio24 and Matthews 15. Cleverdon, with four wickets for 22 runs, -and. Robertson three for 17, bowled well for Ke w. : ! 