GEEMAK LEGENDS. A very interesting volume has recently 'been published by Mr. L. G. Seguin, entitled u The Black Forest : its People and Legends.' It may be explained that the Black Forest ia partly in the King dom of Wiiriemburg, and partly in the Duchy of Baden, and Comprises the wildest and most romantic scenery in Germany. But 'without further introduction, we will give a couple of specimens of Mr. Seguin'fl -stories. Here, to begin with, is the romantic legend of The Beautiful Gipsy and Her, King. I Some time in the fifteenth century, when the monastery was in the height of its power and fame, and when high-born youths came from far and near to receive instruction from the learned monks, there was staying &t; the abbey for this purpose a young man «f good family called Hans von Wessenburg. There was, .at tne same time, encamped in the forest, * tribe of Bohemians, whose lawless wave were perhaps somewhat of a trial to the good monks, their neighbors; but who served, it would seem, to relieve the tedium of those hours which young Hans of WesBenburg did not spend in study — hours, when he possibly found the society of the brown-stoled brethren slightly oppres sive. There happened to be among* the gipsies a maiden of unusual and peerless beauty, the pride and delight of the tribe, a creature witk soft dark eyes, lustrous as though the stars had looked into them, and softly-tinted damask cheeks, such as Gor regio only could ?hase put on canvas— a creature that seemed to the young student a very i( vision of delight/' when, one day, book in hand, he was taking1 a solitary ramble througii the ravine, and suddenly looking up, he saw Elsa— seated on a great rock in the centre of the torrent, her dark hair flying in the breeze, and her shapely bare feet dipped into the foam of the water fall. The young man certainly was inclined to believe that he had come across one of those fair unearthly beings who, legend had taught him, haunted these sylvan scenes. : Still he did not turn and fly, as perhaps he should, with this impression, have done. Later on, however, he discovers that the beautiful vision was bo deluding water nixie, but a true maiden of flesh and blood, and he felt less inclined to turn and fly ; than before. \ The first meeting between the youth and the gipsy maiden by the romantic waterfall was by no means the last. Both were young. Both were weaving their first romance; for, doubtless, in the gipsy's eyes the fair-haired, high-born youth appeared !no less charming than did she in his. Both loved. The young man had but one desire in the world — to call the lovely spirit of the ravine his own. And before Ion* a solemn betrothal, in the presence of t:ie gipsy-tribe, joined their hands,' and Hans slipped on. to the slender brown finger of his future bride a ring; as an earnest of his troth. - I -* On that ring,' said an, old sibyl of the tribe soon after to the girl, ** hangs your fate. Be careful of it. If you lose it your, happiness is gone.' Elsa laughed softly. ' 'f.Mj'- happiness is in him, and not in his ring,'' she said lightly, jfet fehe wore it night and day, and looked at and loved it, and 'caTesssd it in secret, as though it had been a part of her lover. ? : ?? 1 It is like a lock of his golden hair, she j thinks, twisted about her finger, and she loves to play with it, child as she is, as though it were. '? And she is a little wilful and wild in her ways.toor- as, indeed, a gipsy maiden might well be.; One .day she is in the ravine awaiting her loves, and by way of passing the time, which seems long to her, she takes off one by one her bits of gipsy finery, her neck lace of beads and armlets of silver, and lays them on the big stone in the rivulet, which is her favorite seat. A little cross, too, that her. lover lias given her and taught her to prize, she lays amongst them. '? How pretty they all arei how pretty they must look on me !' she cries in inno cent vanity, not knowing that it was she who gave a beauty to the trinkets far more than, they gave to her. ' But my ring is the best,' she says. 'Ah!' let me see how that sparkles amongst them— so tiny, but so precious.' She lays it on the stone in the midst of her armlets, and gazes at it admiringly. But in another instant a sound reaches her ear. She thinks it is her lover's footstep, and turns ,away her head to listen a second only, and she turns again to see her prized and fated ring carried off from her in the beak of a raven which has been hover ing over her head. With a cry of despair the girl leaps from the rock to meet her lover, and to pour into his ear the sad tale of her loss. To the Teutonic mind of Hans this event is annoying as involving the loss of the ring; but, otherwise, not overwhelming. *' After all, another ring can begot where that came from,' he says lightly. u Don't spoil your pretty eyes, my Elsa, by crying after the bauble.' Then Elsa tells him, with faltering tongue and white cheeks, of the old sibyl's prophecy. 'My happiness goes with that ring,' she cries passionately, looking up at the raven's nest overhanging the edge of the rock far above her head, where the bird has retired with his prey. ' If that be so,' said the young lover, smiling, yet moved by the anguish of her face, *♦ you shall very soon have it back again, both the ring and the happiness.' i. Before the girl is well aware of what he is about, he has begun climbing, hand over hand, the rugged face of the steep gorge, clinging here to a bush, and there to a stone, and hanging now and again over the abyss on the strong arm of a tree. 'Stay, stay,' cries the gipsy, as she watches her lover's progress with horrible fascination. ' Gome back. Alas ! the ring is not worth your danger to me. What have Isaid?' But the young man, excited now with the sense of an exploit almost achieved, sends back a reassuring shout, and pursues his perilous way upwards. One more spring and the prize ifi Mb. He stretches bis hand over the Best from which the scared bird rises, supporting him self meanwhile on a clump of gorse which overhangs the torrent. Elsa, seized with a sudden presentiment of evil, shudders and covers her eyes with her hands. , ? .A horrible sound of .something falling heavily beside her makes her start away and look. . . . At her feet lies the body of her lover — the last faint breath of life but now flut tering from his white lips — while in his tightly-clenched hand lie «till holds the prize for which he has striven-- her ring. Three days afterwards, some of the gipsy tribe, searching for the lost Elsa, who has been for this time missing, come upon a white-faced, scared, and ghost-light crea ture, sitting in the roar of the waterfall, beside a dead and mutilated body, to which she is still chattering plaintive words of fond endearment, and tender reproaches for its silent coldness. The gipsies carried the body of the young man to the abbey, where he was buried, and removing their camp from the neigh borhood, took the unfortunate Elsa with them. But the glen, where her happiness and her misery had in turn come to her, had a weird charm for her unquiet spirit, which no distance could alter. She found her way back again to her favorite haunt, and not many months afterwards lay down with a child's weariness to die on the spot where her lover's life, and her own reason, had alike fled. The following story is connected with the Castle of Lauf, the ruins of which are to be seen from the railway, not fair from Buhl, and which is still commonly believed by people in the neighborhood to be haunted. We are thus introduced to The Pitotm I/a'dt of the Castle. Last of the mighty race of Windeck, famed for brave men and lovely women, was Adelheid, heiress of the castle and broad lands that had been owned by her ancestors, and, so far as beauty went, she was worthy of her lineage, but of a proud and haughty temper. So proud was she, that among all the nobles of Brisgau she could find none whom she thought worthy to call her lord : and year after year passed on, finding her still tmweddedj and every year some un fortunate lover or other turned from. the castle-gates with looks of scorn and words of ridicule. Among those whom she had, after her . fashion, first attached to her by every art, and afterwards repelled with bitter deri sion, was a young man of noble family, but. slender fortune, who had long been in her service as page or squire, as. th© fashion 6i ?, those days demanded. i . , ; After years pf patient waiting and hope, the youth ventured id declare himself, and was received by the lady with a storm of sarcasms that literally oyerwhelmned him. Stung to the heart by her hard speeches, and by the sense of his own folly and presumption, which suddenly poured in upon him like a flood, he left his mis tress s presence only to write a word of farewefi to his mother, whose only son he was, and whom he tenderly loved; then threw himself into the J&kine..; A few days afterwards a woman, mad dened with rage and sorrow* a widow whose only son had died a suicide's death, sought the Lady Adelheid in her castle on the hill, accused her of being the murderess of her boy, and heaped upon her head' the bitterest curses that her outraged mother heart could devise, or her woman's tongue utter. Li ** Unloved you shall live,' she cried; '-and. unregretted die. Even in the grave you shall find no peace; even there my revenge shall follow you, and send you forth to wander a restless, miserable ghost— restless for ever!' ! 'Ah!' cried the Lady Adelheid, with j white face and scared eyes, ail her haughti ness flown, ** do not utter such terrible words — have you no mercy?' The wretched mother smiled grimly. ' Yes, I will have mercy,? she said. ?« Thus shall your spirit wander through these very halls until! you find a lover as ; true, as honest, as pure-hearted as my poor lost son, willing to woo the phantom for his bride. Then, «nly- you shall rest in peace.'* Under this curse, saya the legend, the Lady of Windeck lived and died. She was the last of her race, and not many years after her death, the castle, unin habited and deserted, fell into ruins. Its new owners had, indeed, made many at tempts to inhabit it, but had been absolutely driven out of ike .place-. by the, unearthly sounds which disturbed /the stillness of night, and which scarcely allowecLa; living: soul in the building so much as to close an eye from midnight to .jCock-rcrQw. Doors would open and shut mysteriously, foot steps resound through the silent corridors, lights, illumined by no visible hand, sud denly burn in the' windows, while over every mirror in the house the shadowy form of a woman, clothed in white, with long black hair hanging below her shoulders, would be seen— would pass-^disappearing in one place only to appear the next moment in another. The rumor of this ghostly vistant had the usual effect, and the mansion fell into decay. The Young Huntsman and the Haunted House. It happened, however, that -one day a young hunter of noble family, a stranger guest in one of the neighboring castles, was led in the excitement of the chase up to the very gate of the deserted mansion. The deer which he was pursuing rushed by him into the very ruins, as though it were taking sanctuary. The young man, by name Kurt von Stein, bad heard some curious legends as connected with a ruined castle on the height, and, possibly, half from curiosity and half because he was hot and tired with a day of specially poor sport, -he dismounted and led his horse, tired like himself, through the brambles and bushes that had overgrown the ruined gateway, into the grass-grown courtyard. * A curious place, to be sure!' said the young man, seating himself for a moment's rest on a fallen mass of brickwork overlaid with soft moss, and letting his horse mean time graze at his will from the rank growth of the courtyard. 'A very curious place! Looks as if no one had been here for a hundred years. I wonder whether this can be the haunted castle my uncle was speaking about only the other night. If so,' he added, ' I wish to goodness the spirit-iady would have the hospitality to welcome me to her domains, Iand offer me a drink of something this hot day.' And as he took off his hunting-cap to air bis heated brow, his thoughts re verted lovingly to a certain glass tankard inhis uncle's house, which, when filled with yellow Strasburg beer, was about as pleasant a sight to Kurt von Stein as the world could well offer. After a while the idea occurred to the young man that as chance had brought him to the castle, he might as well pay his re spects to tke owner of it— whether she were a phantom or not. A turret- stair, broken and worn; was close at hand to the spot which he had chosen for a resting-place. Twilight was beginning to fall as he reached the castle ; now, suddenly, dark ness seemed to have come, and as he mounted the turret- stairs he noticed that lights were already showing through many of the windows of what appeared to be a less ruinous part of the building than that by which he had entered. « This is all right,' said Kurt to himself. 'I was wise to try my fortune here. A. supper, or even a bed, would not come amiss to me, for I. scarcely know how I shall find my way back to my uncle's house to-night. But, at any rate, I shall get some directions, and, perhaps, if the people are not over-hospitable, a guide borne.' So saying, he made his way up the stair case, and knocked at a door which was at the top of it. The door opened noise lessly, as though by an unseen hand, and admitted him into a long corridor, lighted and adorned with white marble statues. From this he passed into a suite of rooms hung with tapestry, and strewn with freshly-laid rushes, with a few carved settles, and chests for furniture. Still he ; met no one* Next he came into a great hail, on the walk of which hung a number of antique portraits, while in the centre of the apart ment was a table spread as if for supper. w This is very curious,' said Kurt to himself. u where can the family be gone to ? However, one comfort is, they ve got some-, thing to eat. 1 think I'll wait here and give them the -chance of inviting me.' : So saying, he sat quietly down at one end of the table, which was laid for two persons. Scarcely had he done so when the door of the room opened noiselessly, and a lady, young and beautiful, but with a somewhat sad and pale face, entered the loom. ???????'. Kurt rose, -and at once began to make apologies for his unwarrantable intrusion. The lady waved a white hand; towards him, and bade him be seated. * '-, V; I ' Say n® more,' she said, in a sweet, sad ' voice. v 'I expected you.' : \ There was evidently some mistake here, thought Kurt, but as the mistake seemed to mean 'a -good supper, he was not unwill ing to fall into it. He at once took a seat at the table, and, the7 lady took hers oppo site him, ?'; ' She was certainly very beautiful,' he thought, as he looked again at her over the brimming wineoiip. The wine, too, was excellent; so was the whole repast— at which the lady waited upon him with her own fair hands— the Tonly peculiarity about it being that neither bread nor salt. was to be found m. the table, and Kurt von Sfcein was too much of a gentleman to notice the omission, though he certainly enjoyed his supper the less by reason of their absence. At length the, young [man ventured to , ask one or two ^questions of his kindly hostess. ' May I enquire,' he said, ' are you, fair lady, the daughter of this house ?' ** Yes/' was the answer given, as it seemed, sadly and low. 'And your parents?' \- 'They are there,' said the lady, pointing to the pictures on lie walls. '3)0 you'! mean to say that you live in this house.alone ?' asked Von Stein. 'Alone/ returned the, lady. '? I am the last of nay race.' The story proceeds with a thrilling de scription, which, however, the English reader, at least; will like none the worse because some rationalising hand has evi dently had to. do with its form and sequel, and has dispelled a considerable amount of moonshine in the process of touehing up* Hereisthe8toryof the young huntsman's Marriage to a Ghostly Bride. Who shall say how it came about ? The lady was beautiful, the man was young. In 'such' .cases' lqye: is sometimes. found to be a plant that does not take long in the growing. Moreover, Von Stein, though npMej was poor, and the lady the last of her race, the. heiress- of .an an cient lineage. Possibly the notion of the inheritance the lonely girl might bring with Her had some part in the sudden passion which filled the young man's heart. Who caii tell? It was not long before he found himself kneeling at her feet and offering the beauti ful maiden all that he; had to offer — his devotion and his~life. ; The lady listened silently, and with bowed head, to his ardent pleading. Then she said, looking up, but away from him, and speaking absently — 'I have heard those words before.' . 'But never from lips so true, so honest, so disinterested,' said the young man warmly, forgetting in his fascination for the beautiful lady how he had certainly taken her inheritance into account in the first place. . . The lady sighed and was silent. Then she spoke— 'If I yield to your wishes, we must be married at once.' « At once,' cried Yon Stein, perhaps a little startled. Yet what lover ever found the time between betrothal and marriage too short!— P I am ready,'he said gallantly, *' and impatient.' The lady smiled, moved slowly away to an old worm-eaten chest which was set against the wall, took from it two rings and a white veil and crown of myrtle, which she laid upon her dark flowing hair. Her dress was white. ' Come,' she said to her lover, and led the way. A little bewildered, after the fashion or bridegrooms in general, and scarcely know ing whether to be happy or alarmed, the young man followed his bride through, as it seemed to him, miles of dimly- lighted vaulted passages, where the damp was trickling down the walls, and where un thought-of steps, up and down, were ready at every moment to trip up the unwary passer. The lady, however, seemed to be well acquainted with every turn and twist of the place, and giving hex hand to her lover, she led him on, step by step, until at length they reached a vaulted chamber, which they had no sooner entered than a great door shut heavily behind them, with a sound that echoed through every arch of the dimly-lighted building. It was the chapel. ' Your hand is cold, my love,' said the young man tenderly to his bride. 'No matter, yours has warmth and life enough for both,' returned the lady. Yet the life seemed actually to ebb from the young man's heart as he observed the stone figure of a bishop, which was sculp tured on a gravestone in the centre of the chapel, gradually rise from its recumbent position and walk up the steps of the altar. The eyes of the bishop flamed like glow worms, the candles upon the altar lighted of themselves, and the tones of an organ rolled solemnly through the vaulted build ing. 'Kurt von Stein, wilt thou take the Lady of Windeck for thy lawful wife ?' said the bishop, in low sepulchral tones, which sounded as though not he, but some muffled voice a dozen yards away, were speaking. At this moment the whole horror of the sceEe seemed to break upon the young man. Around him, slowly risingfrom their graves, he saw the shrouded forms and fleshless faces of the dead who came as witnesses to the ghostly^ marriage. Even the face of his bride, as his fascinated eyes fixed upon it, wore the livid hue of death. He turned in an agony to fly from the horrible scene, tried to snatch his hand from the cold, hard grip of the phantom-lady — fell, as he be lieved, senseless upoa the chapel floor, . . . and awoke to find himself, at dawn of day, lying at his full length on the moss grown stone where he had sat to rest the night before, at the castle door, and his j hor&e; intent upon an early meal on the rank i herbage of the grass-grown court. When he toldihis tale in the village, and at the neighboring: castles, no one in the least doubted that he had almost, if not quite, laid the unquiet spirit of the Lady of Lauf, ? ? 