ALES, ETC. MAUREEN DHU. THE ADMIRAL'S DAUGHTER. CHAPTER XVIII.— ' jBylfES.J. SfDIiTEE. ALTHOUGH no one shared the old woman's fears, yet, in order to relieve her anxiety, Randal and his' sous hurried away in different directions to seek the child. The Fitzstephens, finding how matters stood, had returned 'to the house, and Margaret, taking Maureen apart from the others, asked if she really thought any harm had befallen the child. " "Why, then, didn't I tell you, ma'am, said Maureen, "that she has a fashion of rambliri' about in dark, lonesome places—don't be uneasy—see, they're all watchin' you." " Oh, Maureen, if any thing did happen her now of all times when I had my mind made up—" "Never fear, ma'am ! never fear—put your trust in God, an' you'll see she'll be here safe and sound in no time." Aileen was sitting on a creepy stool near the fire, with her eyes fixed on the flickering blaze, her hands clasped on her knees, and she muttering to herself in a low, wailing tone, while her plaintive moans made one's heart ache to hear them. A dreary, woe-begone picture she was of desolate old age in it's feeble dotage, , and FitzBtephen was moved even to tears as he looked on her. "God help her!" he said to Vara, " how her heart is wrapped up in that helpless creature." "Well! it's wonderful, sure enough, sir," returned "Vara, " especially as she's not a drop's blood to her." "Not a drop's blood to her!" he repeated, in surprise ; " why, I thought she was her grandchild." " She's not then " " And, my God ! who is she V' " Oh ! Nanno! Nanno !" moaned the half-conscious Aileen, "I know they'll take you from me—an' sure you're all I have, an' it's hard of them to do it when God sent you to me the way he did !" "Who is the child?" repeated Fitz- Btephen, but Yara had got a sign from Maureen that closed her mouth. Mrs. Behan, in great agitation, now pale, now red, was still endeavouring to appear composed, and the effort was more than she could bear. This Maureon saw, and she whispered softly: "Come into my little room, ma'am dear, and lie down a minute." They went in accordingly, but they had hardly entered the room when a joyful exclamation, from Maureen drew the others all after them, and there on Maureen's bed lay Nanno Kenny fast asleep. The child. had stolen in unobserved, and lay down, as she had once or twice done before of an evening. "Thank God!" murmured Margaret, but that was all she could say, while old Aileen, falling on - her knees beside the bed, sobbed, and cried, and laughed by turns. Maureen bent down and kissed the pretty, although worn, little face of the sleeping child. "Well! I'm really glad to see her safe," said Fitzstephen, laughing; " but I oannot at all understand how deeply some of you were affected by the temporary disappearance of the little creature." His eyes were on Margaret as he spoke, and Charlotte, too, fixed a scrutinising glance on her sister's agitated countenance. " She was all I had," whimpered Aileen." "Couldn't you leave her to me ai God sent her!" "Don't be botherin' us with your foolery," cried Vara, as she seized the old woman by the shoulder; " come out to the kitchen an' let her take her sleep." Maureen went over to Margaret, and throwing her arm around her neck, whispered something in her ear, whereupon the young widow stood up, and saying, " I'll do it, Maureen ! with God's help—I deserve blame—and shame too— Giles! Charlotte, don't look at me- so. I can't bear those piercing eyes—don't look at me if you want to hear " . She stopped," approached the bed leaning on Maureen's arm, and when close beside the sleeping child she paused, <bew a long breath, glanced Bidewaya at her brother, then slowly articulated : " Sere lies the body of Charlotte Ellen Behan, snatched by Shan Driscoll from a watery grave !" Mysterious as the words were, they were very intelligible to Fitz- Btephen, who had for the past half-hour been preparedforsuchaievelation. Charlotte, on the contrary, having no previous acquaintance with the occult portion of her. aster's history, was altogether confounded and amazed. - (. 'Merciful goodness!" she exclaimed, what does this, mean !—are not these ^verywolcdi iiutcribedon poorChatty's Margaret could not answer. The extraordinary effort she had made'exhausted both her strength and courage, and, burying her.face. in. her.hands, she sank on her<-knees, ;murmuring: "Tell her, i you Giles'Ji—but not now IV , "sHa ! ha !'' laughed Aileen hoarsely, as Yara almost carriedh'er out of the little room, "jit's hard for them to part me and Nanno!",.,... That was estrange .and. startling revelation to the Fitzstephen /family, and yet it was fax from being unVelcome, for the spiritual character and the loving heart of the helpless child more than made .amends for'the deformity which had gradually come upon her in the long and paiuful sickness which had-followed her immersion in the water. It was thought, too, that she might have been' dashed by the waves against the' boatside when washed overboard. However that might 'be, little Chatty's infirmity made her only the dearer and more welcome tu the family, and in proportion to their compassionate tenderness for her was their secret indignation against the unfeeling parent who, in her selfish fear of being disgraced, had so long neglected her, even after she had discovered her escape. Still they abstained from reproaching her who was already sufficiently humbled. Her great trouble was that, for some time at least, Captain Hamilton should be kept in ignorance of her culpable conduct. To this, however, neither Giles nor his mother would for a moment consent, and the former made it hiB business to lay the whole matter before the captain. Fortunately his love was proof against the report of what he considered youthful indiscretion, and, although he was in his heart no little disappointed to find that that his pretty Margaret had ever been capable of such criminal levity, still his honour was plighted and his love was Btrongenough, as I have said, to make him overlook what, at worst, was only fblly. Chatty was, for some days, like one in a dream, and received the caresses of the ladies and Mr. Fitzstephen with a timid, doubting air, that was not all shyness. When they were gone she would say to Maureen that she supposed it was like one of the dreams she UBed to have long, long ago. It was with difficulty that Maureen could get her persuaded that what she looked back on as dreams were really faint remembrances of her infant life in Arranmore. It was long before even her mother could get her to speak freely in her presence. Indeed, her grandmother waa the first of the family who gained her confidence, and many a time Margaret chose to leave the room in a pout when the child, regretting her advances, took shelter with her mother and eyed her askance as one to be carefully avoided. But sober reflection always brought the conviction that the child had never had much cause to love her, and that her instinctive coldneBB was but the natural penalty of her heartless neglect. When they came to remove Chatty from her aged friend, they found it impossible to separate them. Leave Aileen the child would not, and neither would the old woman leave the Claddagh. Threats and persuasions were alike useless, for, with the obBtinacy of confirmed idiocy, she clung to her own fancies. Shan Driscoll, too, protested vehemently against her being taken from him, and on hearing this, Maureen joined in requesting that Chatty might be left with Aileen for the little time she had to live. This proposition was very agreeable to Margaret, who was, after all, well pleased to have the child out of Hamilton's sight as long as possible—at least till the honeymoon waB past and gone. When, at length, the day arrived that saw Maureen Dhu the bride of Fitztephen, it was not before the altar in her wn chapel that the pride of the Claddagh as united to him who had so long, unnown to herself, held the thread of her estiny. Fearing some outbreak on he part of poor Shan Driscoll, nd anxious to spare his feelings s far as possible, Maureen requested hat the ceremony might take place omewhere out of his vicinity. By singular fancy on the part of Fitztephen, it was in the chapel on Arran of he Saints that they were married with he cbnsent of their respective paBtors. rs. Fitzstephen was not present, but er daughters were, and the bride elect as conveyed to the island by her father and brothers in the pretty Nora Creina, auntily adorned for the occasion. And ara was there, too; and'when the brideroom produced the ring, .she Bnatched t from him} and handed him'the heavy ld-fashioned one which had' done ymeneal duty in the family for more enerations than Vara could'count. " To' *tne Bbrra with your new-fangled its b" jfeWellery," said sh'e; "Ho you hink we'dletyou put any/other edding-ring on Maureen than the one hat beldtags to the family. Come now, r. Fitzstephen! none o' your black ooks! if you ddn't like our ring you : may. go elsewhere for. a wife—an' welcome too!" This, of course, settled the matter, and the marriage went on without further interruption. By' another obstinate whim of Yara's, Maureen was married in the approved Claddagh- costume; yet her beauty was nonfc the less conspicuous, and Fitzstephen himself was forced to admit that, however annoying was the old woman's perverse fancy, no dress could have been chosen'more admirably adapted to show 1 off tbe face and form of his youthful bride, whom Murillo or Velasquez would have chosen for a model of Spanish grace and beauty. The Admiral's boat returned to the Claddagh without Maureen, iand Yara cried the whole way back, nor were Randal's eyes dry, for, as they all agreed, " such a marriage as that was' next to death, and Maureen was as good as lost to them. Sure I always tould you, Randal honey," said the old woman, that no good would come of strangers hangin' that way about the Claddagh ! —ochone ! may the Lord rest yer sowl, poor Brian Kineely ! it's thankful I am that you didn't live to see this day!—as for Shan, he'll soon get over his trouble —his love was too hot to last long." Yara's penetration was here entirely at fault. She little knew that his love for Maureen was entwined with the cords of his heart, and could only be torn thence when, the cords were rent asunder and the heart ceased to beat. When Fitzstephen presented his young wife to his mother a week after their marriage, Mrs. Fitzstephen received her kindly, and murmured as she kissed her cheek : " Now at least we have repaid Juan's debt to your family ! — you thought me ungrateful, my child, but my ingratitude was only on the surface—you saved my son's life—your grandmother and her people saved another hardly less dear " "And there is still another debt, mother!" said Margaret, coming forward; "you must not forget Maureen's tender care of my poor neglected Chatty!" " Never mind," said Fitzstephen, as he led Maureen to a seat, "never mind counting her claims on us—we are willing to pay her all w e owe! From my heart I thank you, mother, and you, too, my sisters, and Maureen shall thank you, too," he added, with a smile, " when she learns to speak good English. We have much to teach her and she will be an apt scholar—will you not, Maureen ?" he asked, in her own language. "Yes, "she replied, "if you will be my master;" and she looked up with so bright a smile that Fitzstephen, had he not loved her before, must have loved her then. At this moment the door opened, and in walked Noddy Kinshela, with the easiest and most confident air imaginable, like one who is very sure of a welcome. Maureen ran to shake hands with her old friend, who, after exchanging a kind greeting with the others, placed herself in front of the young bride and examined her costume with the closest attention, to the great amusement of all present. " Well! glory be to God, ma colleen dhas you were !" said she; " sure enough dress does make all the difference in the world. Dear knows ! I don't wonder at your good luck." Then turning to Mrs. Fitzstephen, she said: "On account of your .goodness to my colleen dhas here, Mrs. Fitzstephen, I'm going to tell you something that'll make your heart glad. I often tould you I had a secret for you that would be better to you than gold or silver." " My God! Noddy," cried the lady, in evident perturbation, "what is it?— anything about—" " About Master Juan!—to be sure it is, dear—about himself an' no other. I suppose I may say it out here." Mrs. Fitzstephen nodded assent, and the old woman went on : *' Do you know what took the Senor away from you that night" that you seen him last P—I know you don't, so I'll tell you. Your father, God rest him! went to him in his room, and got in a terrible passion, and told him that you'd never marry anyone if you didn't marry Mr. Fitzstephen, an', says he, if you dare to presume to marry her again my will, both you and she shall have my curse, day and night, and a word I'll, never speak to either of you, and a Billing of my money you'll never handle. The poor young gentleman told him he didn't care about his money, but he wouldn't for the world draw down a father's curse on Ellie, and if he'd only let him bid you farewell, he would sail next day for Spain. But you know the dreadful passion that was in your father, Miss —— I mean; ma'am; and so he got as'White as a sheet with the dint of anger, and he said no, that be couldn't or'wouldn't allow; it, but that if Juan wanted to save you from ban* turned out of doors with fa father's -curse he would leave the city that very night, and swear never to let you know anything aboutthe way it happened." "Merciful Heaven! and he did so Noddy?" "Did ioI to be sure he did—what else could lie do ? Next day, you remember, he was gone, and nobody ever knew what became of him only myself." : " But, Noddy! Noddy ! why did you not tell me all this when you saw me oppressed with sorrow and the most horrible fears as to what had become of Juan ?" "Well, to tell the truth, ma'am! I was so terrified myself 'at what I seen that night that I was afeard of my life to tell any one what I had overheard, for fear it would come to your father's ears —since your father's death I was always puttin' it off from one time to another, I can hardly tell you why. But there's another thing, ma'am, that I want to tell you. I seen Master Juan with my own eyes when he was here last. For years an' years I thought it was his fetch or his ghost, maybe, that raised the latch an' came in on the flure to me one moonlight night, when I was lyin' between sleepin' and wakin'. He came over and stood beside the bed, and took a long, long look at myself, an' then he gave a great sigh, an' turned away, and walked all around my little place, an' all about the coort outside,' an' then he came in an' looked at me again, but sure the life an' sowl were near frightened out of myself, because I took him for a spent, an' I couldn't open my lips at the time or move my tongue if I got all Ireland for it. So at last he went away, an' to my dyin' hour I'll never forget the sorrowful look he had, or the heavy sigh he gave as he left the place. An' me lookin' at him all the time, an' hadn't power, you see,' ato speak to'.him! Many a long year after, when I found out from Vara Halliday how the Spaniards were saved an' this grand gentleman espaycially, and how he had been askin' for me, an' where I lived, an' everything like that, I knew it was no sperit I had seen but Master Juan's body and bones." After hearing all this, Mrs. .Fitzstephen retirrd to her own room and did not appear again till evening, when her face was as calm as usual, but ashy pale. From that day forward Noddy Kinshela was never suffered to ask charity on the streets of Gal way. She was regularly installed as a life-member of the Fitzstephen household to the great deliglit of Maureen, and also of her mother-in-law, who spent many a sadly- pleasant hour retracing with her the memories of bygone days. When St. John's Day came round • again and the Claddagh men marched through Galwaytown, Fitzstephen again stood on the balcony, but the Admiral's daughter leaned on his arm attired with the elegant simplicity which became her dignified position as the wife of one of the first merchants in tjie city. Loud and long were the cheers that rose from the multitude as the Admiral stopped in front of the balcony, and it would be hard to describe the feelings with which the father and daughter regarded ' each other. As Maureen gracefully bent her head to the reiterated cheers of the fishermen, the eloquent blush and the beaming smile with which she looked on them, plainly showed that the wife of Fitzstephen was still in " heart the Admiral's daughter, in feeling identified with the bold and brave fishermen amongst whom she had grown to womanhood. But a deep shadow fell on her beautiful face, and the tears rushed to her eyes, as she thought of Brian Kineely' mouldering in the grave, and the dashing, light- hearted,, hot-headed Shan Driscoll far away and alone amongst the sea-beaten rocks of the Clare coast. The feeling was understood and appreciated by the Claddaghmen, and they whispered to each other in a sorrowful tone the once- familiar names of the hapless rivals who had so long striven in vain for Maureen's love. Many of the bystanders caught up the mournful sounds, and repeated the names with audible comments. Even those who had led on the city mob on that day twelve months against the laddagh men were now loud in their ament for the missing champions, and he stout blacksmith who had dealt such eavy blows on that luckless night was eard TO say with the tears in his eyes : • " Poor Brian Kineely! sound is your leep*this day! God rest your sowl in eace!—and sure it's lonesome;they look ithout Shan Driscoll—the bravest heart nd the stoutest arm. that ever reefed ail on Galway Bay!" The following months of that summer ere spent by Fitzstephen and his b?ide n Arraninore Island, a,nd there, in the eclusion of their home on the rooky hore, Maureen, 'under her husband's uition, began her acquaintance with the ysteries of natureand the. works of art. urroflndad by thedesolate grandeur of hat roldand remote region, she learned o read the history,4pf her cpuniryih ih^ , ouldering momWaeats Bo-profuse!^ cattered aroundjh^<romthe'%^o|#ap; walls joi the pagaiifort to the elaborate finish of the Gothtearches and columns, fragments of mediaeval churches and abbeys. Margaret Beban had during the Bummer become the wife of 'Captain Hamilton, and had gone with him-to Malta. Mrs. Fitzstephen would'hot hear of keeping house alone with Charlotte, and her eon and daughter-in-law were pleased to make part of her household. Nor was it long before Chatty took her place amongstthem—her mother,[being written to on tlie subject, expressed herself quite willing to leave her there—" far the present," she said, but every one knew that that meant in jperpetuo. Poor oid Aileen had at last gone the way of all flesh, and Shan Driscoll left the village •ae already intimated. The rage and mortification of the Hamptons may well be imagined when they saw Maureen O'Hara raised to the position so much desired, and so anxiously sought for Emily. And Noddy Kinshela took good care that their disappointment should not be forgotten by them, for, however she managed it, she very often happened to be in a shop where the Hampton ladies were showing off, and although she could well have carried home her purchases, she made it a point to order them in an ostentatiously loud voice, "for Mrs. Giles Fitzstephens," glancing maliciously'at the same time at the still imperious though chop-fallen Hamptons. When the herring-fishery came round again, some twenty or thirty of the principal Claddagh men, including the Admiral and his sons, took to trawling ; and tbeir ancient prejudices once overcome, so much more advantageous did they find the system, that in the course of a year or two nearly all the hookers had become trawlers, to the unbounded satisfaction of Fitzstephen. So entire was the change in this respect, and so completely bad the old system fallen into disuse, that a modern" ball ad makes one of the Claddagh men sing : " I'm a Claddagh boatman bold, And humble is my calling 1 , From mom to night, from dark to light, In Galway Bay I'm trawling." 