MISQELLA NEO US. — The Marquis <>f Normanby has been epjoying the hospitality of the lion. W. J. Clarke; at Siinbiiry: At ICew ou Sunday last, a boy only eleven 3Tears of age was found in the streets iu a helpless state of intoxication. He has been remanded till Wednesday with the view of finding out the publicans who Supplied him ivitli liquor. The Pieman River gold field i.i Tasmania is reported to be turning out very welli Two steamers have been laid on from Liunceston. A company is being formed in Duuedin to work the antimony mines at Hindon. Tlie police force .throughout £iow Zealand subscribed ;RUU 14s. Cd: in aid of the Kaitan gata Relief Fund. It is understood Sir Hercules "Robinson is anxious to get a residence in Christchurch, with which town he is much pleased. A movement has been initiated for erect ing a public monument to Sir John Richard son, the late President of the Legislative Council. A whale twenty-two feet long was washed ashore at Ivaipoi beach. It had been appa rently shot at sea. Henry Keesing, who settled in Auckland in 1843, is dead. He was ninety years old, and leaves 100 grand and great-grand children. - The Victorian Eight-Oared crew weigh nirie poinids heavier than they did on arrival hd're. . The Sydney men are all very confident; The Thames Natives refused to accept King Tawhiao's invitation to the To Kopua meeting," as, tliey.were contented to live under thd Queen's rule under existing arrange ments. It is. stated amongst commercial merl'lli -Wellington that since the commencement of the current year, orders sent home for goods to.the extent of a million have beeu counter manded by cable messages. The Wellington Chronicle says that de mocracy has received a severe, blow .in the failure of tho Victorian embassy. Great complaints''are being madejhy 'tlie .settlers on the railway lines in New Zealand about- the number of cattle .'knio.J''''by!'.%e trains...... Steps are" to be taken in order to have the matter brought under the rtotice.of the HouSe of Representatives this yei-; . , Aii old soldier named Hugh M'Malion was bSateii, on llle gth inst, to death,- by three natives j outside the lied Lion hotel J Campbell, opposite Wanrfarini.' /The injured' nia.( lived Several hours after {he attack, but rievtr rfcio'dvei'ed, ctfrisc'ioilsne'ss. .The police have a clue to the perpeiraiors o'f • tlio out rage. ,y Mr.' R. W. Carey, of Wellington,'proposes k'.ke a party of Maoris to the Sydney Ex-' nibition to clfince the H.au-lmu :. dimce, and give other- perform.hces. Ho has written to the Commissioner^; laying liis views before : them, and stating that if tiiey iriU entrust the Maori house which they propose to send to the Exhibition, to hiscaie, he will be re sponsible for its safetj'. " 1 " Tho grand coursing match at Berrybankon the 30th atid 3l3t instant promises (says the Star) to prove the event of the season for tho West'-rn district. The special • prize list1 for the5 Ballariit annual sheep show amonnt3 to three hundred and fifty-eight guineas.. 4 AiFrench.letter, published iii ihe Gerueen ■ paper, informs its readers of the death of the Wench'-..Consul at Madagascar', M. La borde. His funeral Cet'emoliy was a'tended by about 2000 persons, and gbrieral tegvet appears to be felt at Antavario, tlio capital of Madagascar, for Uie loss of' this official, who.-wag eYideritly irtoch esteemed t!\eie.n Other Madagascar tic it's is in the effect that' the coflee and sugar - plantations ard- pros perous, particularly ;the latter ; and a < bril liant: future is predicted for the estates on fhe 'banks of the rivers- Ivondrii and Ivolina. A hurricane .occurred* at Mauritius on the 21st ultimo., the resnlt of whioli tVilJ cer tainly be. to throwback the colony for .a year or two. The wind blew with great force for i&iAit; twenty-four-' hours, a. shorter-period; than iisiidl,- dmj considerable damage was done in Port Louis, \\*Here "a good many houses and .-tores were unroofed of otherwise injured. Four or five deaths from {fsij/ing b nil dings and floods &c.; are reorted. The mail steamer Godavery ,vas t'.ivown ashore in IPort Louis Harbor, and the barque Iiriperatrice Eugenie {foundered at her . ftachqrs The sugar crop will • bo re duced from tlid dflectof ttie st-irm, as far as can be ascertained about iUpGf cent:, so that under this head alone the loss .will bo oVcf £300,000. " The four 100-ton gnns pnrchased.of Sir W.r A.rmstroiig and Oo.,'bysthe; British' Govern-* meat are )says the Standard):tor the defence of Mai Id rin'd Gibraltar, two to each station. They will be j.iilo'ufitecl behind earthworks, and a plan has been'devised by (!<« Elswiek firm whereby the loading of these n.onstiif guns can. be, effected, under cover by, inauu,al| power. The gun's* will be brought to Wool-' wichand duly subjected to proof before being, sent to their finil destination, The pric-l J0 bo' paid fi.j" otioh gun .is, .wb:;believeV:sixteen thousand trt'fl h'ifndfed pounds, ; The St. Petersburg cufvtisptindenk of the Daily Telegraph says that among the poofet classes of St. Petersburg suicides through swallowing a solution of phosphorus have ibeeome' so numerous thatiti'-is- proposed^to prohibit the:tbh»tifaceiire-%n''d''8ale nf'-l»ic«fer* matches made to ignite by-,means of phos-< phoriis. • ' ■ A* treaty of commerce lir.s been concluded between England and Ser.via. • |.;. , Professor Pepper,of ; " Ghost'.' fame,: is '."cohiing out to Australia with1'a new inyst c-a!■ .illusion. ' 1 ' 1 \- Sdantlebmy, theV manufacturer . of -an electric apparatus/, brought;. an; action for ..libel against the London Tiitlcs, becausethat journal : stated; .that::: the experiments- for1 lighting gas - lamps by electricity . was : ,a' failure, and the jury gave a verdict for <the defendants. • , :. : i ''The editor , of^the Orire has been*,fined 500f., and sentenced to eight days'imprison-' merit for falsely stating that the refugees who landed at Brest'*liad cried out,. 'f Vivo1 la Commune. ■ So less than fourteen murders are reported as having been committed in England during the latter end of March and ,be'ginning-of April. In the accounts of. some of these crimes, the details are horrible. ! Awarder ni St. Mary's convict prison at Maidstone has just come intii„a:.fcrtuiio of £100,000 under '.lie will of his grandfather. The Duke of Norfolk .has.,isubscril)ed £2(J,000 towards the, erection of a new lloman Catholic.Church on the site of the present Oratory at Brompton. It is publicly stated- that; the Russian police are secretly leagued with Nihilists. The chief of the department at Odessa, Colonel Auatoff, has been dismissed tho ser vice. ; ■ It is stated in diplomatic circles in St. Petersburg, that the reception of Lord Dufferin at'that court is something far more than merely complaisant; it is nnadectedly hearty. Not only the Czar, but his Chan cellor Gortscha'ioft also, has been ostenta tious in friendships towards the new English Minister. From a statement issued by the authorities oftheBaiik of England, it appears that in 1340 the amount deposited at the various banks was £100,000,000 sterling, whereas it l.s at the present timo estimated at £000,000,000 sterling. A Japanese mission lias just arrived in Pans, and is remaining at the Grand hotel. It is composed of General Kawazi. chief of the Japanese police; M. Oneda,' dircctur yeneral of prisons, and a numerous stall' of otheials and servants. Rumours are again afloat as to the coming man i.'ige of ICitiy Alfonso. The three candi 'Jates mentioned as likely to be the future Queen of Spain are an Austrian archduchess, a daughter of the Count de Paris, and the daughter of the King of the Be}gian§. .Mr. Patterson at Castlemaise.—The Hon. J. B, Patterson addressed a public meeting of lxis constituents at Castlemr.ino on Thnrsday evening. The Theatro Rnyal in which the meeting was held, was (reports the Jiendicjo Advertiser) well tilled, the Major being in the chair. Amongst those on the platform were tho lions. Messrs. Woods and L'iigmore, .and K'essiv. Howman. Sains bury, DavieSj Mirams, Barr, and Richard* son, M's.L. A. Mr. Patterson w is very wul! received and attentively listened to. His speech occupied less than an hour in de liver}'. It ;vaS professedly a reply to Mr. Service's speech at Maiddriy but it consisted only of a superficial glance at tho arguments of the latter gentleman. Indeed it appears to be considered that Mr. Patterson was ratlier precipitate in delivering his speech just lit present,- for it is understood that Major Smith has spent Some of the, leisure moments which he has had lately in elaboiat ing a reply to Mr. Service, and the iii/ii. gentleman is exceedingly jealous of any en croachment on this subject by his colleague. So Mr. Patterson was bound down to some extent. He soeme 1 inclined at one time to ugo off" on the loan and embassy question, bnt happily soon bothoii»ht himself, and abruptly intimated ihat Major Smith would deal with these matters. Mr. Longmore and Mr. Woods followed, and the former gentle man gave out that the Reform Bill is to be introducod next session, and persisted in, though the audienco were not enlightened as: to whether it ivill retain the whole of the features by which it was distinguished last sessioni, Mr, Mirams would plainly ,l}ave been argiimentiv.e if lle had'had time ; as it was he did all he cou!d to sustain his reputa tion as, an arithrfieticiaii. Mr. Richardson also addressed the meeting. A tote of thanks was p'assed;t'o Mr. Patterson for his address, and to tne Miiiistry fc/r the}r efforts to settle the reform question. tiled ting fc'on clnded with cheers for Mr. Berry. .[ OiLiFoiiNiAiS' Anti-National Tenden piES,—The new States Constitution, accord ing to the Alia, has secession tendencies. Its silence upon the fundamental questions of American nationality and tho right of seces sion are deliberate and significant. • It con flicts with the Constitution of the United States by declaring that American citizens, born in China,' shall 'hot have the right of suffrage in California, though tliey. have that right now, thus violating, the . fourteenth amendment to-the Federal Constitution. It• requires the Legislature to prohibit the intro duction of the Chinaman into this State, withoiit regard to the Treaties of the United States,- or. tlio' general principle of' inter national law. It provides that debts due to residents of thia Sfate triay bo deducted from credits subject to taxation, thus dl'srtriminat iiig iti ri hostile manner again'st the^merchant in New lifofk, dr other parts of the American Union. This, it will be observed, is incon sistent with any truo'national feeling. It jays to the business man that he shall be' exempt j from taxation if he buys in California, but ! Shall net be if he buys" in 'any other State. It might Igad to much 1'ligation, because there is'good reason to b&'lierfe' it would be held to bo void by the Federal Supreme ■-.Court. The national Constitution says.;— " The citizens of each State J-liall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the several; States." Has the citizen of New York all the privileges of a citizfin of California when the system of taxation dis criminates against him, so that lie cannot sell his merchandise credit in this State? We think not. Five or ten years, how ever, might e'ap3e before the point would be fully settled ; and meantime' the State and •'Fedoral' officials , would be in conflict, aud business and politics in confusion. 1 he friends .of American, nationality and .national 'har ,niony should vote against the Communistic abortion.-. v, P■ ! ' '■' ---i. .'■•■ .T»e Temper.v^oe Crusade; like all'other pro gressn e triov'o'm'e'iits, goes beyond the bounds of reason anil commorl riOneff. .Once these pales over stepped, and it assumes the form of fanaticism. A great physiologist has said, that whilst t le iise of alcohol is, on general principles, more injurious than beneficial, great benefit may be derived from lts «3e, medicinally administered, in appropriate cas?3. lit these cases, he adds, it is a power of remedial'" agent, ITehce the indorsement of : Udolpho Wolfe's Scluedaiil Aromatic Schnappy. . / 