(to tub editoh of tub chronicle.) Bib, — I hope yon will allow M Your Own to bnvo his say this week, as I had not a ghost of a chance Inst— not even to put iu a word sideways. Judging from those ex travagant effusions of our "shining lights " an outsider migut come to the conclusion that thoy had the Chronicle chartered for a wholo week. Many of your readers in the never-never country (not about here) may not bo awaro that wo have a mania for depu tations. Last week a " big un " started down the range nt the rnto of something under forty miles nn hour, but Miles was not n bib frightened this time, as lie was aware the Enginccr-in-Chicfof tho Crow's Neat Railway was in charge. Thcra is to be a great flare up in Brisbane — nil hands are aro to turn out to see Macrosson's late discovery. Tlio Brisbane papers will have raro times of it, all of them aro invited to send representatives to bo present, but not a word about your own or the Chronicle. That is my thanks for furnishing them with n bran new report of tbeir meeting, and all tho mistakes I made wcro in their favor. Well, never mind, apples will grow again. In thomcantiino while tho district is literally inundated with petitions P. L. T. aro deter- . mined not to be outdouc At a caucus meet ing it was decided to present Macro?san as n new year's gift, with nil the land he would . require for tho railway, backed up by the Meringandaners of course, free gratis, even deed fees included, providing the line crossed nt the bead of tho Gchatn waters, and not along tho present route. What will the Leader of tho Opposition say to tlmt ? What will tho farmers say to it, who were given to understand thoy would get a pot full of monoy from tho Government for tho land required by them for this railway ? Wlmt will the writers of tho 200 signatures say, whoso loyalty and fidelity to the House of Argyle cannot bo disputed, and who again may bo called upon one day to furnish a ruler to oue of tho most powerful empires in the world 7 Some of our sages aro of opinion that wily Mncrossan is at tho bottom of this fracas. You are aware, Mr. Editor, he wants cheap Lands for his branch lines. This is one way of getting it. In tho latest telegrams from M'llwraith ho is reported to havo hinted that sooner than have tho black mark drawn across by the 200 names nt the next election (all voters less 11), and 9 of those »will be eligible after tbo school holidays commence, ami tbo other 4 on their return from tho south seas) he will bavor constructed a tramway from tho , Gebam viaduct to tho 12-Mile Peg on con dition tho farmers insures the iron liorso against setting fire io their crop3. It's also .rumored, that E. W, is about to commeno ' surveying a township for the Green Islcr, as a reward for his exertions, as soon as they hear from Mac, where the terminus is to be. Tho monoy for tho building of our Court House is then lo be made available. What will the five millers say to this Air. Editor? But such is life t The Mcriiignndnncrs de clare they will lmvo no truck with no Bangers. Already they arc going in for Financial Separation, making Cannons' sur vey line via Cooby Creek -the boundary, Thoy are convinced that tbOy can see as far .through a stone or a wood wall as wo can, and tlmt our heads lmvo an afiinity to tho latter, and warn us not to keen throwing dust 111 their eyes, by trying to make tlicni believe (for the 6akc of gaining their co-operation) tlmt tho Government would be so insane as . themselves ever to think of makiug a railway tho way they propose. The inhabitants of Cooby Creek arc also seriously thinking on secccssion ? Why northern separation will not bo a patch upon it. On tho wholo tho railway question is in n line muddle, nud tho head of Argyle is already looking haggard nnd anxious over bis troubles. Yours, See., Your own Correspondent. Gcbnra, December 4th, 1879. 