THE EXHIBITION. By a Lady. Ah, me! Tho rhoumatiz has given moasad time of it, ruthlessly preventing my resuming tho thread of that last effort, which snapped nt " high art" and our local artists, as well as denying me tho extreme pleasure I would have felt in noticing that charming though slightly spiteful epistle penned by a Mr, Thomas D. Ferris, View-Point, Sandhurst, and published by a morning contemporary 011 the 25th of April. Ah! well, 1 have the gratification to know that if I have not been pretty hiirdly " hit" by a photographer, local or colonial, 0113 T. D. Ferris has been sadly "hit" off by my remarks on high art ; and i must acknowledgo it is no wonder. I foul now I may liuvu been considered personal, especially since 1 carefully studied the efforts of hi3 genius displayed at the alove address. To appreciate the goodness mid kindly thoughtfuluess of their not having been sunt to our local exhibition, one must, sea tliein and then thank tho gods the infliction was •spared. I suppose tho yentleman is really too old to mond, or he might with all ^race, say as it were with Messrs. White and Bent,— "If you, my friends, want an improvement in photography, and yon wish to be made ' beautiful for ever,' hero am I, with the necessary apparatus, and what is more, the talent and knowledge to use them, at your service." Instead, ho tries to deepen the crow's-feet of an old lady by causing hoi risible faculties to act; at first gently, but as sho read* tliat precious effusion, tlio sunkoi; eyeballs become nearly engulphed i» the obscurity of her brain by an uucoiitrollablu fit of merriment, not usual 1 am tjniie sure, but this is an unusual occasion, and one so evidently satisfactory that she feels as if it would be a relief to laugh like Air. i5en. Brown of the Mammoth Minstrels. To this Btato of perfection in " high art" she has not as yet arrived, but she has a cam sposii who can do a fair imitation, so Bhe says," James dear, I am reading that Ferris letter, do please laugh like Mr. Ben. Brown, and relieve my feelings. I mint now say ta- ta to Mr. Ferris, until such time as I can with con fidence approach his studio to be metamor phosed into a Jtilietby the talent which must be latent in that gentleman's bosom. I am pleased to give to Mr. White, of Mitchell street a full meed of praise for his prompt assertion of local talent, to which his recently added chromotypes are most creditable. This exhibit is placed somewhat opposite tho Californian photos, and if so being placed gives on« the opportunity of first looking upon this picturo, then upon that, tho com parison is by no means so unfavourable to Sandhurst talent as at first may appear. Mr. White has evidently put his foot firmly on the first rung of the ladder of fame, and 1 have no doubt after repeated practico, he will bo able to produce something worthy of high praiso. I trust lie won't be led too far away to excel, and so make his subjects look as if thoy had toothache (horror of horrors!) and by his magic apparatus supply them with false teeth, as our Mr. Ferris states tho San Francisco artists do—no making wizened old womeu Hdbes, for instance, but let him look woll to nature and he is suro to prosper. There is truly but one step from tho sublime to the ridiculous, so then if my readers have satiatod their appetito for photography, just take that stop with me to the albums con taining the spirit photos. Tho albums are liko tho spirits inside of thoin in this par ticular—that they are very soi:ond rate and shabby indeed. Tiie wonder is how a gentle man could collect such rubbish, and then have tho simplicity to exhibit them as curiosities. Certainly, if lack of the beauti ful, real, or ideal be a curio, then they are singularly curious. I suppose all the photns represent materialized ghosts (I beg pardon, spirits); as in each case it was apparently found necessary that the spirit should bring from ths other world a cloud of lace or gauze (which call be seen through), articles which they wiii'u i.evor likely to havo used in t.his lift;. This in incongruous anil savours of trickery. If tho spirits of tho dead wish to bo made the tools of mortals, or are capable of answering to mortal calls, then what need of their surrounding themselves with such foolery? Just fancy a. mail's head, by no means prepossessing, pi oping out of aoluud of gauze, like one of the getiiu of the Arabian .Nights, and calling itself the spirit of one's ancestor. L have an idea that 1 can tell why thoy do no—to give a shadowy appearance to jtlio otherwise substantial form inside it, and this ed'uct ia heightened by something dark and gauzy behind the white. Aaforthe head, I think, if ii were close enough, 1 could box its tiiighostly oars and make tho warm blood tingle again. BuL suppose they are real spirits from tin other world, what purpose have they served, and what light do tliey bring from the other side ofthcgrare, and, above all, what consola tion to the sick or sorrowing] I for one never heard they did aught hut treat their interviewers to the most imbecile rubbish it is capablc for human beings to be deluded by ; but I suppose it is because the spirits who are free to come at tho beck of Tom or Bill, Sophia or Polly, arp but a scurvy set themselves, and Consequently know 110 better. 1 wonder tho spiritualists cannot form a better connection with spirit land. Until they do 1 cannot have much to say to them, .isi [ am of a respectable turn of mind, and most poetic be it understood, which liittur qiiidit.y caused my lingering glance to follow somebody's weeping fern shrubs. These are very refreshing l<> one's own dry eyes and fevered brain, for they weep gently and so hurl no one. And if the sight of them dous not quite remind us of nature's Jew bejewelled hawthorns and hedgerows, it does not at least fail to please both ear and eye. Further on 1 watch tho operatiuna of a most ingenious model of a mine, set going by means of, I believe, u winding-up process; this really interests me, but I am asked for a contribution to tho winding-up, so 1 dummy myself as it were, and give tho next comer a chance of payini; for my whistle as well as her own. 1 consider this quite fashionable and lift my head accordingly. Since a ;->.ovious visit 1 Iind there have bean a good tt-rt" alterations, or rather improvements ef i'.ctod in the disposal of exhibits, many of aich can now be seen to much greater ad vantage than formerly. This I feel fully con .r-.ious of by tho time 1 get to that pyramid which might have been of gold, if the gold .vere not scattered to tho four corners of tho oarth long before this exhibition woro thought of; but all is not gold that glitters, and so thinking, I round the corner and espy a short little gentleman pointing out something to a few small boys on a huge map wilh great black lines running through it. Somebody told me this was tho Grand Canal of tho future, and thu sure source of blessings in abundance lo generations to come, if the little fat mail were to believed. Happy thought! Could not this intollectual individual form a class and teach Victorian geography by means of the large map adding of course his knowledge as wellas that of others of the geology of the country through which tho canal is supposed to How in tho dim uncertain future? This, of course, would bo as interesting asii was copious, and, above all it, would bo a fertile disbomina tor of tho;scheme. I had a strong curiosity on niti to " touch" that costume said to be of tho reign of llichard lit., but could only look at it through a glass case, audit was flat, and so this costume lay in such a position one could not see all its beauty distinctly, but from v/hat 1 could see, it is a sumptuous gar ment, and apparently wrought in the famous tapestry stitch, in which ladios then did excel. The only things clearly discern ible are tho braces, the colours of which are rich and most harmoniously interwoven. This reminds me of a more modern pair of braces, exhibited I believe by viinu young hidy, which are very neatly executed. I'liey are worked in single cross stitch, on lino canvas. The pattern consists of iiowers and leaves for a centre, the canvas to bo tilled in afterwards, I dare say. I am happy to state Mr. Rocko's pro'ty bassinette has gut an occupant, in the shape of a large doll dressed n la baby in robes, which have been worked by some youiigperson in M'Crae street. Thedolllooke delightfully snug, and I have little doubt of its being a source of great attraction to the young aspirants for the possession of such articles; but to juveniles, and persons no longer such, the attractions par excellence are tho tiny engines which run periodically. These are real ducks of things, and elicit the warmest praise. They are worked by steam; and though so small are perfect in every part. Another out-door attraction takes the form of a model stoam boat, which is caused to travel round a trough prepared tor it. It. is wound up after tho manner of a clock, and gradually reachesits swiftest pace, then as gradually slackens speed. It is in deed very pretty and ingenious. To reach these outdoor sights one has to pass through the oarriago annexe'. There isa varied assort ment of highly useful articles, and if 1 only know anything about them 1 would give my opinion for what itwas worth. Alllcuiisay, is, that they look very taking indeed. 