THE PRELIGIOUS OAP1D PL.AYER. A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee was taken before the magistrates of Glasgow for playing cards during divine service. The account of it is thus given in an English journal: ' A sergeant com manded the soldiers at church, and while there the parson had read the prayers and took the text. Those who had a Bible took it out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor common-prayer book, but, pulling out a pack of cards ho spread them before him. He first looked at one card and then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him, and said : ' Richard, put up the cards, this is no place for them.' ' Never mind that,' said Richard. When the services were over the con stable took Richard a pris:ner and brought him before the Mayor. ' Well,' said the Mayor, ' what have you brought the soldier here for P' For playinr cards in the church.' ' Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself?' ' Much, sir, I hope.' 'Very good; if not, I will punish you severely.' ' I have been,' said the soldier, ' about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor common prayer book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intentions.' ¶1hen spreading the cards before the mayor, he began with the ace : When I see the ace it reminds me that there is but one God. When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. ' When I see the tray it reminds me of Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached--Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. ' When I see the five it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, hut five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out. ' When I see the six it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. ' When I see the seven it reminds me that on the seventh day G'd rested from the great work which he made and hal. lowed it. ' When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world, viz : Noah, and his wife, his two sons, and their wives. ' When I see the nine it reminds me of the nine levers that were cleansed by our taviour. There were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. ' When I see the ten it reminds me of the ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the table of stone. ' When Isee the king, it reminds me of the great King of Heaven, which is our God Almighty. ' When I see the Queen it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who visited Solos mon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boy's apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys end which were girls. The kina sent for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the elbows and the boys to the wrists; so khing Solomon told by that.' ' Well,' said the mayor, ' You have described every card in the pack except one. ' What is that P' ' The knave,' said the mayor, ' I will give your honor a description of that too if you will not be angry.' 'I will not,, said the mayor, 'if you do not term me to be the knave.' ' The greatest knave I knew is the constable who brought me here.' 'I do not know,' said the mayor, 'if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool.' ' When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three-hun dred and sixty five, as many days as there arein a year. When I count the number of cards in a peck I find fifty.two-the number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack, representing the number of month.s in a year, and on counting the tricks I find thirteen-the number of weeks in a quarter. So you .see a pack of cards serve for a ' Bible, almanac and common prayer-book.' SORnwVao COUNTY. 