mt ItartM WatA PUBLISHED EVERY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1870. THE ZULU"WAR. Ova late flies of English papers fur. Dishes us with fuller and more authen tio information of the terrible slaughter of troops that occurred at Isandula in January last, and, as is usually the case whenever any disaster ooours to British soldiers, the blame is generally at. tempted to be thrown upon the dead, presumably because they are incap able of defending their own honor and reputation. In corroboration of this, Kinglake, in his history of the Crimea, relates that an officer writing from the battle field to his friends in England respecting the memorable charge of the Light Brigade, remarked that now Captain Nolan was dead the blame would be thrown upon him, and in the proceedings that subsequently took place with respect to the afftir, his Sirediction was verified to the lettov. Tor this particular instance, the catas trophe at Isandula, the disaster is at tributed to a fatal error committed by the officer in command, and who, if orror there was, paid the penalty for it with his life. But, however melan choly it may be to read of such a terrible loss of life, we cannot but feel pride in the bravery and heroism of the small band' of our countrymen fighting with suoh desperate resolution until nearly the last man fell in defence of their couutry's honor. While the blame was thus attempted to be thrown on the dead officer, severe criticism was being passed on the bad generalship displayed by Lord Chelmsford during this disastrous affair, but while his assailants have been many the general has had no lack of defenders ; and fVora the conflicting statements made, it is somewhat difficult to arrive at any definite conclusion ns to who is really to blame in the matter-Lord Oholms ford, or his subordinates. Out of all this tale of misery there comes, how ever, a gleam of suuahine in thedes. patch of Lord Chelmsford respecting the glorious defence of Eorke's Drift by a handful of British soldiers against overwhelming numbers of assailants; and the manner in which the officers and men of this little garrison defended their position iB deserving of all the praise given them by Lord Chelmsford in a general order issued to the army undernis command:-"The commander of the forces feels sure that the gallant conduct of the band will meet with recognition, and trusts that the ex* ample set by a few brave men aud the success that attended their noble efforts will be taken to heart by all under his command." The gallant defence made . by this little baud of heroes deserves to be recorded in letters of gold, and we feel sure that every British man that reads it will take pride in the fact that he belongs to a. nation that produced such men. One cause of the catas trophe at Isandula, as well as of many others that have preceded it, is no doubt in a great measure to be attri buted to the overwhelming confidence that British soldiers have in themselves when brought iuto cbntaot with un civilised people. In the old Napoleonic days the fixed idea of our soldiers and seamen, the latter particularly, was that one Englishman cquld lick three Frenchmen.;, aud the Bame feeling ap parently exiata, only itr'a luore exag gerateu degrfee, with regard t6~Boft»ge nations. The intercourse of the Zulus and other similar races with white men for years past, as well as the knowledge and experience they have gained of the destructive powers of armB, has taught them to have confidence in themselves when massed together in numbers; and the leaders of our soldiers would do well to consider the remarks of the Times on this subject: It would be useless to deny either the sadness or the gravity of the oatas trophe. "Whether there was or was not any want of vigilance on the part or our own force, it is not clear that the Zulus are even more formidable than our military authorities expected them to be. It was,known they are well drilled, that great numbers of them were armed with breechloaders, and that they could fight courageously. We now know but too well how large a force they can mass at oue point." With regard to the defence of Itorke'B Drift, it appears that in the absence of his superiors, the defence of the posi tion was entrusted to a young officer, Lieutenant Chard.: About 8 o'clock in the afternoon of January the 22nd, he received intelligence of the disaster at Isandula, when he immediately visi. ted all the posts, and a Sergeant Milne volunteered to moor the rafts in the river; this be did most successfully, but a part of the native troops that were with Lieut. Chard behavea badly, bavins ran at the sight of the enemy. Shortly after forming an iuner en trenchment by piling up mealie bags and biscuit boxes, some five or six hundred Zulus suddenly appeared and advanced at a run against the outside entrenchment, and although they were met by a deadly fire at only fifty yards distance, thev were only cnecked for a moment. They then made a seooud charge against a breastwork of mealie bags, when they were met with the bayonet with great effect. Again and again the Zulus came on, but were driven back Jby the wall of steel, and at last, broken and dispirited, they sought Bhelterin the neighboring bush. Meanwhile there were two other oodies of Zulus ready to attack-the main body being in souie caves about one hundred yards distant, fVom the outer entrenchment, while a second body had got into the garden of the mission and from that and the bush behind it were keeping up a warm fire on the little garrison. The enemy, having the command of one wall of the camp, con tinued making a series of determined attempts, which had, as before, to be met with the bayonet. Between 5 and 0 p.m., the position of the outer ring being very critical, as the little gar neon was between two fires, it was determined to retire within the inner circle. This was done at 0 p.m., but before doing so the greatest exertions were made to remove the sick men from the hospital, as it was now being attacked by the enemy. The guards defended it room by room, barring the entrance with their bayonets when [ thoy had not a shot loft, but notwith standing all their exertions, some of the poor fellows, had to be left. It we bmb retired mj threw up a eeooud hue of bags which helped to oheok the enemy for a time, At last, when their defences beoame untenable, they were all massed iu the innermost Jcreal with death staring them in the face and a long night and an infuriated enemy before them. In the darkness the fire wackened, and about 8 o'olook the Zulus retired, The little garrison had but a short respite, however, for a few hours later the enemy, who were evi« dently reinforced, reappeared, but hesi tated to come on. Happily at this moment Lord Ohelmford's force, who had started at daybreak, appeared in the neighborhood with tho remainder of the third column, and aa soon as the enemy's soouts reported his approach, T e °f ^uluB wtfod, aafl as Lord Chelmsford oame in sight of the camp, the last of them were uisappear ing.. The little garrison lost in this glorious affair 16 killed and 12 wounded out of a total of 180 meuj and so ended as brilliant and heroio a display of bravery and courage as cau be found in the annals of the British army. TUB PROPOSED SOUTH-EASTJJKN AaiucuL TURAL AND HonTlGULTUIlAL SOCIETY,-T)l0 derogates from the various societies in the South. Bust (excepting' Border Town) met at Narra coorto on tho 7th inst,, and dlsouBBcd the Government proposal for a South-Eastorn Agricultural and Horticultural Sooiety, The Boheme was condemned by all tiio delegates AS Impracticable, and they rejeotedit unanimously. A resolution containing a aeries of reasons why thoy rejected the proposal was adopted, and we think those reasons are unanswerable, The Gov ernment evidently totally mlsuuderstood the olr* cumstanees of tho district, which are in no way parallel to those of the districts immediately around the metropolis. Tho-societies intend making an effort to maintain tho present ar» rangemeni, and it is to bo hoped tno Govern* mont will alter their policy on the subject, when tho facts are presented to them. RECEPTION TO HIS EXCELLENCY. - On Thursday morning the Town Clerk received a letter from the Commissioner of Grown Lands slating that the Government did not intend providing a banquet on tho occasion of the opening of the T'WW* A meeting of tho Corporation and patriot Oounoll representatives was, therefore, held the same evening, and arrangements made tor a banquet in the Institute flail, It was desired by the Councillors that admission should be charged for at the rate of say 10s, a tioket, as a means of proventfng any jealousy or disappointment. Mr. Thurston waa consulted, and said lie could n«t undertake it for less than <£1 eaoh, whioh wfauld include wines, &o;, Tlie Committee oonsiderej that if £1 a tioket were charged the attendhnoe frould be very email, and resolved that the admission should. invitation, and HMMQO should be spent in it. A Committee wasappolnted to carry out all arrangements connected with it. The other preparations for the reception are prooeedina satis actorily. The Mini of Education has Rill tIl0/!tft,a 8SUool» a pwbllo holiday on the 10th, aud it has been determined that they shall sing the National Anthem on the arrival of the Governor's speoial train. Everybody seems to take an interest in the event, and there inn°ti fU /nwei 1 ^ the reoeptlon will be one that will reflect oiedit on the district. SERVICE OF SONG,-The service of gong that evening in the Primitive Methodist Church at Sutton Town was in erery rospeot a splendid suocess. Tho attendance was Mr8Vnf r? Su?(l0y Sohool children, led by tvlinL t ulin'P8i who has had them under gaining for several weeks, acquitted themselves flf,rvloe^?8 niuafcratlv> of """ ."""".appreciated, zue servioo was in every way a credit to all oouoerned. Miss Mnster. rnan presided at the harmonX. ,' At tbo Z* the usual complimentary votes of thanks were accorded , By, special request the service of «?, ? i w I0,)e?ted at tlie Mount Gambler ohuich on Wednesday evoning nest, ) ItAtLWAY OAKIUAQE.~A secoud oarriaaa for the Mount Gambler and itlvoli Bay railway n-tt wn«°Uh8 (iI°,wn.fi'om Narracoorte yesterday^ It was brought dowu by horses. The wheX were brought in a bullook dray, . y Gam i '' i l'le Pr°ce«sion. TJie'other CTIISFTR "W'^ " toowjH JjAii(.--The English mail will closo at the Momit Gambler Post-Offlee on Wednes. day, 14th inst., at 10.30 o'olook p.m, EDUCATIONAL APPOINTMENT. - Mary zilMOi"t DEATH OF AN OLD COLONIST Another of the earliest settlers In Victoria passed away on May 6, viz., Mr. Donald Cameron, of Oak. bank, who was in Hamilton on tho 80th, apparently in his usual health. On leaving Hamilton heprooeeded to Portland, took up his quarters at Mao a Hotel, and was there attacked with inflammation of the lungs, from which he died, The deceased gentleman first came out to Sydney in or about 1880, and a few years afterwards drove sheep overland to Victoria, whoro in 1835 ho took np the Glenroy station, on Moonee Ponds, and went into partnership with a Mr. Duncan Cameron, a reiatlou of his. Hearing so muoh said about the Portland dis triot ho went there, and purchased the allotment opposite Mao's Hotel. This was, we believe, iu 1838\. Our readers may judge of the great future oxpeoted for PorHaxid, when it is stated that for the money expended Mr, Cameron could have bought more In J11. Collins-street, Melbourne, but he believed that Portland was to be tho metropolis, Having thus secured one of the best BiteB in the future citv, Mr. Cameron built thereon the l ortland Hotel, and at onoe commenced to amass money. Trade in those days must have been remarkably brisk, for the deceased had not been long in Portland before he was looked upon as a wealthy rahn. Mr, Cameron, however, did not conflue his attention to the duties of host, he had a speculative turn of mind, and it was a very luoky investment in station property some where near Harrow that gave him his first groat rise on the wheel of fortune. It is said that for this property he only gavo a few hundred pounds, and shortly afterwards made a profit out of it of botween <620,000 and £80,000, nearer the latter sum than the first, He then purchased tho ostato he owued at the time of his death, Oakbauk, consisting of something like 0,000 acres of fair quality land, ana oil it erected a mansion, whioh is furnished regardless of expense. Subsequently he pur chased Hilgay, another fine property-larger than Oakbauk, in the Coleralne dlstriot, Jhia he also owned at the time of his decease, aud is also believed to have been interested in other stations. He was intensely fond of law, and of this he gave' our Borough Couuoil a taste, when Taylor's Ford formed the bone of contention. He' also took an aotlve part in electioneering matters, and is popularly supposed to have paid large sums to secure the return, of two candidates for Nor man by Home years ago. Ono of hiHupHoulHtiouu, which turued out a disastrous ono, was in con nection with the Press, It was with Mr. Cameron's money that the Melbourne weekly Town and Country, whioh had suoh a short life, was established and kept afloat, the cost to him being estimated at £10,000. Notwitlu standing, however, all his eccentricities and losses, lie is supposed to have died a wealthy man, at the age of 60 years. He leaves a widow, but no family, to lament his loss, -Spectator, HUDSON'S SUJIFBISE PARTY,-Our eorres wndent writes i-This party opened at Milllcent, n the Exchange Booms, on Monday and Tues day evenings, and were rewarded with large houses, The first evening's entertainment was a good ond, After the Company had glyen an overture, Miss Norton sang very nioeiy '< Alone in the world," Mr. Hudson followed with a comio song, and Mr, Glover gave a very appro I prlate one, entitled "A quiet little home," Mr Wallace having contributed " The man of many names," MiSs Kowe aotually brought down the house with .. Whip poor Will," and was encored. Messrs, Hudson and Wallace gave a speoimen of their olog-danolng, and their jokes were new and varied. Miss Vena de Gav, on the violin was very successful, Misses Norton and Rowo delighted the audience with the duet " Convent bells |" thoy sttogit with suoh taste that it bad to bi repeated, wo Mr. Johnson of tho team evening, and on two or three occawluns WAS enoorea, The evening's show wound up with a faroe, " A ghost in a pawn shop," and although not up to some of the others, it was nevertheless thoroughly enjoyed. On Tuesday night-, although the prices were lowered, the house was not quite up to the first one. Miss Norton gave in good stylo "In her little bed wo laid her," ana Miss BOWO was suceoBsful with " Will you buy my pretty flowers." These two ladles and MUB Vena De Gay were deoldedly the principal attractions at the show, although the otner per formers did the parts allotted to them in artfstlo style, During the evening Misa Bowe sang the baritone song "The white squall," with suoh effeot that she was moat enthusiastically encored, Miss Flora De Gay aooorapanloa the party as pianist, and for one so young performs capitally. It had been announced the party would only i perform two nights at Millioent, but the pro* prietor informed the public that the eteamer would not leave the port till Friday so he deter mined to giro another entertainment on Wed nesday evening, and made a still further reduction in the prices. The oompany WAS well attended, considering the unfavorable state of the weather, and all the porformers carried out their parts to the satisfaction and, delight of everyone present, The party left Mfllieent early on Thursday morning for Port MacDonrteil, wliero they were to play that evening, and then take the boat for Adelaide, to appear in White's Booms on Saturday evening, Mn, STANTON, Inspector of Sohools, arrived at Mount Gambler from Millicent on Thursday afternoon, He commenced an inspeotiou of the State sohools in the neighborhood yesterday. THIS anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Sunday School, Mount Gnmbler, is to be cele brated by servioes to-morrow, and a tea aud service of song on Wednesday noxt. The ser vice of song will be the same as'given at §utton Town on Wednesday last, whioh was so Buocess ful. PENOIvA SPOUTS,-By an advertisement whioh appears elsewhore it will be soeu that a good pro Srainme has been arranged for thePeuola Gale onian;g*mpg,-whioh are to oome off on the 20th inat. We have been asked to direct attention to the date for receiving nominations for the prin cipal event, the Penola Gup, whioh must be lodged with the Seoretary not later than the 17tn of the present month, ( TUB BBANDS ACT,-A mooting* called by the Mayor in response to a requisition, is to be held in the Institute Hall next Wednesday evening to oonslder the Brands Aot. , ' EKRATA -In the letter from the Justices to Mr. O'Halloran, S.M., published, in our last issue, two errors ooourred. The word "im partiality", in the first'paragraphs should be ''partiality," The first sentence/of the third paragraph should conclude-" Aijd to express our sympathy with you in the unjustifiable iusult whioh 1ms been offered you by tue publication of the memorial." ? / 