No. 2S. Nothing is more indicative of the vast change that has taken place in this city, than tke utter destruction, and I may say annihilation, of all the places 'chat were, 40 or 50 years, ago, the centres of amusement for old New York. Of the theatres, only one remains, and all the pub lie gardens of forty years ago have, vanished. -; I was passing up the Bowery the other day on the Elevated road, and as we dashed by Old Drury, as the Bowery Theatre used to be .called in the olden time, it seemed a3 if a ghost had started from the grave, and the deep gap of forty years had suddenly been filled up. The Bowery Theatre, which for twenty years has been little more than a ruin, is once more decked out iu gay colours, and looks as bright aud as chipper as when Tom Hamblin, Iugersoll, Cooper, For rest and Booth trod its boards, and /exemplified to old New York what good acting really was. Admirers of the present namby-pamby, walking stick school, irreverently speak of the men I have named as blood aud thunder actors, but if the present style of so-called society plays are allowed to demoralise the stage much longer, ib will utterly annihilate the race of good actors ia America. There was a time when there were many young men coming forward, who pro mised to bo ornaments to the American stage; but they have been elbowed out of the way by the sweepings of London concert rooms and music halls, whilo our young women have been driven away from the stage by a brazen herd, whoso vulgar display cf so-called charms would scarcely be received as a model by the painter of pot-house sign. Although the old Bowery remains, it is no longer an American Theatre; it has been handed over to the Germans, so that the last of our old American Theatres has been literally wiped out. What glorious days were those when we used to wander of a Sunday evening with the girl of our hearts, down to Castle or Atlantic Gardens, aud tiiere, while enjoying the soft evening breeze that swept over the moon-light bay, revel in the luxuries of ice cream and douguuuts. Oh, sweet golden hours. Will ye never come again? Atlantic Garden has been gobbled up by the Elevated railroad, and the lovers' retreat is foul with grimy engines, and littered with the ruins of defunct railroad cars, while Castle Garden, which once echoed with the divine cotes of Jenny Lind, is now disturbed by a conglomera tion of sounds that would have affrighted the denizens of Babel, while the horrible perfume of Dutch pipes, Schweitzer kase and garlic, almost make a fellow wish that Castle Garden had been suuk in the sea, before it was ever turned into an emigrant depot. Coming up Broadway, as we approach tlio Park, wc look in vain for some vestige of the old Park Theatre. Not a sign or a symbol remains. Gloomy stores stand over the site of this famed temple of Thespis, where George Frederick Cooke delighted and amazed our grand mothers, aud where Edmund Keene electrified the town, and where Fanny Elssler turned the heads of half tho young bucks in the city, about forty ■ years ago. On Church-st., stood the National, managed by Harry Wallaek, the uucle of the present Wallaek, who, at sixty-three, still in sists on playing the juvenile lovers. Tho ' National divided honors with the Park. Iu 1S42 it was destroyed by fire, and disappeared from the list or our theatres. A few years later, James Wallaek, tho father of the preseut Lester Wallaek, opened a theatre on the west side of Broadway; the company was good, the acting was unexceptionable, but it seemed from tha first to ho a failure. Mr. Wallaek abandoned it after a very disastrous experience. It was then taken by Mrs. Sinclair, the divorced wife of Edwin Forrest; after a time she gave it up, aud its last manager was the late Barney Williams, after which, it fell a prey to commerce and dis appeared. The Broadway Theatre, oa the east side of Broadway, after a chequered experience of fifteen years, met the same fate as the. re3t. Mitchell's Olympic, which in 1S10 delighted the people with the " Cate iu the Larder," and "Buy it Dear, It's Made of Cashmere," and Dickcn3 Tableaux, etc., when Mrs. Timm, Miss Edwin, our Mary Taylor, Horncastle, and the rest of that glorious baud gave us an Opera Bouife, which our daughters could listen to without a blush, before French indecency had corrupted our heart3, or foreign vulgarity had sapped the foundation of our morals. The Kioh mond Hill stood on tho sits of Aarou Burr's house, aud from it he went forth on the morning he shot Hamilton, at Weehawken. Thirty years have passed since the Richmond Hili dis appeared from the list of theatres, and even the people living on its site, have never heard of it3 name. Famous among tho theatres of forty years ago, was the old Chatham Theatre, where Charley Thorne, then in his prime, gathered around hira a company of actors which it would be difficult to match at the present time. The dramatic demi-god of those days was Kirby, a mau with more genius iu his little finger, than is to bo found ill the whole body of nine-tenths of your present day actors. Mrs. Thome, ono o£ the most talented and agreeable actresses ou_ tho American stage, was then in the zenith of her beauty, alas! alas! for my early dreams, the fairy form has vanished. She i3 now a staid matron on tho shady side of sixty, whose averdupois could only "be determined by a pair of hay Niblo's Garden, on tho corner of Broadway and Prince-st., was the mot fashionable up-town re3ort for those whodesired ratiou.il amusement, combined with a breach of country air. Ihe garden disappeared many years ago, and on its site is the Metropolitan Hotel, which Tweed thought would be tho head- quarters of the Ring, and—tho metropolitan theatre—where; tha Black Crook was first produced, byWm. Wheat ley, Harry Palmer, ami Mr. Jsnett A favourite resort for the Bowery boys, was old Vauxhall Garden, which stood at the head of the Bowery, almost opposite the site uow occupied by the Cooper Institute. Here the fine laddies and their girls were wont to pass the summer nights, luxuriating ou pork and beans, and en joying the delights of the maizy dance. A cloth ing store aud a stable now cover the flower-beds and arbors of tbat famous resort, and it will not be many years before the last mau will have passed away who remembers the spot where it stood. Politics and pedestrians at present occupy the public mind, the . two most prominent objects being John Kelly and Blower Brown. Blower Brown, however, is a dead cock in the pit; what will be John Kelly's fate, we are unable to tell, till the race is ended on the 4th day of Novem ber, but John's wind is good, and his feet are sound, yet how lie will coinc out in the political race is still a matter of lively speculation. There are lots of lame ducks among the book makers this week, and the report is that at least one-half of the gamblers in the. city are ruined. At the start of the race for the O'Leary belt, Blower Brown was the prime favourite, the most extravagant stories were told of his prowess, and' some unfortunate fools were induced to make bets tbat he would cover as high as 140 miles in the first 24 hours. No one seemed to think of the possibility of his failure, and yet a more lamentable collapse wss never seen on the course. As far as the tr un himself is concerned, it is a matter of very sr jail consequence; but he has dragged down thr sands in his ruin,- which is said to be directly traceable to his iuteifiperate habits while training. A more frightened lot than his backers vas never seen in New York, and a more fearfi j financial panic has never been known amoug ^ambling men. It has been a regular Black f riday among the betting sharps, and there art/ hundreds of them who will not have money r jough to carry them back to their homes. Atlis I do much rejoice, for with their gambling rools they have corrupted and de moralized almost every amusement that has be come popular in America. I hope the lesson may not be thrown away upon our people. In two weeks we have paid, in New York, about §150,000 for these walking exhibitions. No good thing has come out of them, but, on the contrary, they have been fruitful parents of gambling and dissipation. The'men who have been proraiueut in them would scarcely be ad mitted behind the counter of a respectable mer chant unless he had one of Pinkerton's detec tives to stand by and watch the till; yetthousands have neglected their business day after day, and now they find themselves literally robbed—the victims of misplaced confidence. It is many years since New York has seen as prosperous a season as that which we are now enjoying. The streets in the lower part of the city and all along the -wharves, are densly crowded with waggous and carts from early morning till late at night. Immense amounts of all kinds of produce are being received here, and as soon as received are shipped away. - Gold is still flowing in upon us, §600,000 in a single shipment last week. Our merchants are all smiling, and everybody congratulates everybody else on the return of good times;. Stocks, of all kinds have been very lively, and the sudden jump iu wheat brought grief to those who sold "short in September"for October delivery. A turh in the wheel of fortune may, however, soon set them again-on their legs, and hoping that tii vcp] r innlnded. in.iv make million, • Yours truly, BROADBRIM. 