the critic in the gallery . The debate on ibe second rending of the Education Bill, which was brought to a close in the Assembly on Thursday night was one of the best sustained that has yet been heard in New South Wales. 1 don't mean the longest, though it stretched out quite I long enough for most people; but I mean to say that I it was, on all sides, one of the most earnest. There was, from first to last, nn almost entire abseuce of twO'tooth talking, and though ouc might not be able I to agree with the arguments, he could scarcely fail in being pleased with the full-mouthed fervour with which they were poured into the car of Mr. Speaker. Another very pleasing feature in this debate was the fearlessness with which it was, in nearly every in stance, conducted. "Whatever eke might be said of the orators, they could not very justly be accused of ! being afraid to speak their minds— Dr. Bowker being about the only one who didn't exactly know what to do with his vote. The inconsistency of Sir Henry Parkos, in support ing what he had previously opposed, was frequently cast in his teeth, hut he niigbtcasily have shown how such men as Sir Robert Peel and Lord Bcaconsfield had changed their minds in a very much more marked degree. To be thoroughly consistent the man should continue using the "pap" and soothing syrup ad" ministered lo him when a child. It is not too much to say that this same debate all before him with "The heretic girl of his soul,"' though ho didn't exactly do the lady poetical justice- It would, at nil events, have sounded better if he had said, " Truth, valour, and love by a standard like this," instead of "Truth, love, and valour," as he did say. But it was more amusing to watch the curious expression that stole over the face of Mr, M'Elhono. when Dr. Barton cited a few liues from Homer in the original Greek. Turning to the bon. member next him lie observed (as I have been informed on very questionable authority), "Well, / don't stick at a trifle; but I think a Dracouic line ought to be drawn omc. iv/tnrc" By the bye, it was charitable uf Mr. Farncll to pay, when treating of religious education, that he'd bo glad to save the souls of ever member in | the House if he knew how, though he rather spoilt : it by adding "but I don't I" If he should happen | to find it out at some future dale, ho will doubtless embody the information in a Bill, and it's more thau probable that the Standing Orders will be sunpended for the purpose of allowiug it to pass speedily through all its stages. The value of such a measure could scarcely hi over-stated. Mr. Cohen o'er and o'er again amused the House by the mountain of light he threw on the subject, by his popular readings from the Scriptural lessons con tained in the books used in the Public schools. They evidently came n.i a new revelation to several lion, members, and too much of this class of literature can scarcely he laid on 'the table. One thin'' always reminds mc of something else ; and, child-like, 1 cheerfully allow myself to be strung on. When the 49 members flocked to the right of the Speaker to vote for the second reading of the Education Bill on Thursday night, Mr. Lucas hap pened to be the last, and experienced much difficulty in procuring a seat. In vain he urged that, being only a little fellow, he could be easily stowed away. He remained a standing joke for a long time, and finally squashed two or three hou. members, one of whom threatened to move that lie belaid on the table of the House. But it wsis only a threat, as he couldn't movo an inch to save his life! The men who could not give a silent vote were well represeiueu, aim ouc or <<i mcmoora, no less tuan a quarter of a century addressed the House. To use an old figure of speech, if what they said and what they didn't say were put together, it would make up a very I prettily printed book. Several hou. members were I also found to fall back on that other useful old phrase, "the burning question of the hour," or the hour and it-half, for that matter. It's rather lucky J for these " burning" gentlemen that Uuy £«n»»ruDy poitr-infco their arguments a quantity of water sufli- cient to prevent any serious injury from being ull'ectcil. Mr. O'Connor lniil tlio sympathy of a 1'irirc num ber of inombors of both aides of the House a few days ago, wlien be stirred Sir Henry up about the meagre- ncss of the rewards to be given to Senior-sergeant Carroll and the other men u-ho so splendidly terminated the mills of the Wantnbadgcry bushrangers ; and lie got small satisfaction oti the following day, wlieu lie wished to know the amount of the pension to lie given to the widow of the late Constable Bowen. At the same time it is quite possible that, meritorious as Mr. O'Connor's efforts undoubtedly wore, they might have been a little premature ; and it lliav lie illst as well Hint tinfl. should rest in abeyance until the termination of the trial commenced at Darlinghurst yesterday morning. I so little sympathise with Captain Moonlitc that I wouldn't have given oven a smooth sixpence to save I him from being hanged on chance a fortnight ago ; but others are more thin-skinned, and might probably think it scarcely fair to a prisoner to reward a man I for arresting him as a murderer before the charge of murder had been proved. There is no hurry, and the subject is one not likely to he allowed to drop during | some time to come. Meanwhile, the general public need not be prevented from subscribing to their heart's content. It i3 a different thing with the Government. Mr. Hurley, of Hartley, ma v he a very good all-round man and member; Imt'lie should not be judged bv present appearances, for they would be against him. He lias evidently been suffering from Archbishop on the brain, and just about the time of the crisis of tlio disease lie wanted the House to join him in a crusailo against the nuns, as if they were, to all intents and purposes, the sisters and the cousins and the aunts of the prolate referred to; hut the House knew better, and lion, members were not required to change their seats before a big duck egg was recorded for the motion. Things are quite bail enough already on both sides of the Houses without the quintessence of bigotry being chucked in. Mr. Hurley might differ from a gentlemen without giving liiin the lie direct, ma place where thecastouiary retort could notcoino in. 1 don't know why women choose toqunlifv themselves as nuns, but I've been toid ou pretty good authority Llial, on an average, it costs each of tliem about £8011 to do so, whilst female gentlemen, or gentlemen females, can become lady-doctors for less than half the money. Besides, inspection, from "an ofiicial"point I of view, is a tiling made only for the inspectors, and | it usually throws upon those who appoint them the responsibility that should rest elsewhere. Secular education might we'll be advocated without offending those whose grandest offences, if any, arc against themselves. The prettiest and most effective mode of invoking the genius of the Constitution is lo be found in pimply moving tlio adjournment of the House. It admits of several of those miscellaneous and variegated discussions that prevent Parliamentary proceedings from being invariably smooth, safe and monotonous. Atr.AL-Eihone is not the only member who understands this pleasant form of the House ; and though it sometimes obstructs business, I must say it did so with much advantage on the occasion referred to. Of course I very particularly refer to the case of Evans v. Mcrrimau. One law for the rich and another for the poor, as recently administered in the tVuter Police Court, are things which are being inquired into by Air. Suttor and I hope that the Minister will really follow it up to the last. For myself, I deeply sympathise with the poor ; but I immensely prefer dining with the ricu. i may oe accuscn 01 ueing scnumcuiai, nut it suits mo. However, Kate Evans fancied she had a grievance; she paid the proper amount, twice over, to get justice, and "justices' justice " was all she could obtain. It would appear that tlio presiding magistrates played upon her one of tile prettiest practical jokes on record, but that she was dull enough not to thoroughly enjoy it. They altered the venae in such a manner as to utterly bamhoozlc her, and whilst she was waiting outside an open court for the hearing of her cause, they dismissed it in the dark. Not satisfied with this very black wrong, they, concocted (in a manner of which more hereafter) a certificate completely preventing the complainant (as they thought) from having a ghost of a show of procuring that which they, or at least some of them, were erroneously appointed to administer, viz., Justice, A decidedly " official," and, consequently oblique compliment, was paid hy Sir Henry Parkcs on last Thursday afternoon to the Presbyterians of Sydney proper. ' In reply to a series of itiquirics put by Mr. Taylor, the Colonial Secretary said that the salary of the Presbyterian clergyman officiating at the Parra- matta Gaol had been increased from £25 to £10 per annum. He added that whilst the clergymen of the Church of England and the Roman Catliolic Church were being paid £I'-'U each fur their services at DarlingliursL Gaol, the Presbyterian minister received only £5U per annum. He hoped it would noL be un complimentary to the Presbyterians to say that their clergyman had no occupation at tliu gaol in question Actuated by two very different principles, I should say that Hie clergyman last referred to should receive' nothing, because tie is not wanted ; or that ho should be paid twice as much as the others, because preven tion is better than cure. The Private Tramways Bill was not destined to be driven through the Assembly by Mr. Driver last Tuesday nifht, excellent a Jehu as he is ordinarily found: He was too heavily handicapped by' the score or so of suburban mayors wiio opposed his measure, ami the House counted out on it without having bail to borrow the calculating maehino from the Garden Palace. The outspoken and pretty general opinion of honest sportsmen is, that Air. Garrett wnr. quite right in advocating tlio claims of the lotalisator, and I thoroughly agree with him when lie provides that the Vagrant Act is lo have nothing to ilo with the affair. W ith " Tbo Vagabond " Act, it might be differ ent, anil very much so too. 