liiomore, January 18, 1879. . THE CHINESE. The announcement of the satisfy tory termination of the Seamen's Strike will no doubt be received with much pleasure by those persons who desire the social well-doing of this Colony, and that the relations between capital and labor should be amicable, and also that the popu lation should be preserved pure and undefiled from a large importation of the yellow agony, which here, as in California, appears' to find favor with those who wish to buy in the cheapest market, regardless of the after consequences. In this case the concessions made appear to be satisfactory to both parties, and let us hope that in the future nothing will be done to impair the present state of things by either side, while many thanks arc due to Mr. W. K Lockhead, of Newcastle, by whose timely intervention both parties were brought together; and we would that there were more of his class in the Ccommunity, whereby the relations between employers and employees would be on a better footing than they are at present. To our mind it is passing strange that this labor matter had not been noticed by the seamen before, as the P. and O. Company's line of steam ers, running to Sydney, have been manned by Coolies for years past, while the Torres Straits boats, cal ling at Brisbane, were worked by Celestials, and no doubt if the matter had not been taken in hand, the evil would have spread still further, whereby the white laboring classes of these Colonies would be reduced to the abject position of the "poor whites" of the Southern States of America. It should be far from th wish of true colonists to bring about such a state of things as now prevails in San Francisco, where the Congress has found it necessary to passlaws restricting Chinese Immi gration, but where, even now, the Government appears unable to deal with: the question upon a broad basis in consequence of the conflicting interests attached thereto. As stated by an able writer on California, only a few years since every white person was well-to-do, but now it is fast reverting into two classesr--the very rich and the very poor--the cities being filled with hoodlums and larrikins, and poor whites, while the details of life in the Chinese quar ters of the towns are sickening to read of, and should be circulated broadcast throughout these Colonies for general information. An Ame rican writer in the ' Evening News,' after detailing the rise and progress of the Chinese in San Francisco where, as here, they were invited to supply a supposed want, andhow they ousted white men and women from every employment, says;- : To make mattors worse the Chinese had quartered themselves in a section of San Fran cisco, and knocked up a model of an amateur Chinese town, encumbered with all the filth, and permeated by all the foul gases and pesti lential vapours which their dark alloys of reeking corruption, putrid and decaying matter, abomi nable stenches and unventilatcd stench holes could germinate.Opium dens were planted like onions, in a row, and their sickening odours polluted the air and defiled the atmosphere for squares around and property depreciated ac cordingly. They stowed themselves away in rookeries like rats in a hole, and curled up in their narrow berths like sardines in a box. Fifty thousand Chinamen collected together within this nest of hot-house defilement. When they emptied their dens of their occupation, their alleys hardly had standing room for their jabbering host. It may be unnecessary to say that disease of every shape and form, known and unknown, fevers and pustilence of a nameless calibre, found a ready growth, and soon took possession of this crowded,sweltering cesspool of impurity. Small pox took up its undisputed and permanent residence in their midst, and fed on whatever came in its way, and spread to the uttermost parts of the State. Malignant fevers emanated punctually and steadily from this association of disease, and claimed high and low for squares around as its victims. Leprosy set in its unexpected and obnoxious presence. Scarred and blare-eyed, and . spotted patients placarded with. sores, appeared like phantom ghosts at the narrow doorways. Some of their diseases were handed around among the white citizens, and their vegetables and domestic con nection with families did the balance. For successive seasons the scourge of small-pox infested the plague-ridden spot, until the au thorities woke up to urgent need of overhauling and fumigating their disreputable rookeries and imprisoning or sawing off the sacred cue of any celestial found asleep without sufficiency of air. Their epidemic was fortunately burned and smoked out, and the dens of plague-ridden inmates sent to distant hospitals. The public then took a rest and the polluted quarter soon resumed its plague-ridden propensities, and sits and will continue to exist as a standing menace to the health of the city, as a central depot of epidemic and disease, with a liability to break out and ravish the country at any hour of the day or night.To illustrate their capability in the work of destruction, we may refer to the desolation they have brought on tho Sandwich Islands. Among a hale and robust population of native Islanders, by sexual contact they introducod their abomination of abominations-- leprosy--which inperceptibly in an incredible short duration of tim spread through and permiated a third of the entire population, until I leprosy woi'tia rife a« eomrnon colds "all over tlie islands; *ndto-day, on the inland of Molokai, 1 nn asylum of1000 native lepers out of a popula ting bf 50,000, with hundreds yearly feddud to their- numbers, Btanda as tv spe8imoli of their .work. With 'this .painful ami saddening starte of dying and rotting humanity sulfering and wasting away 'before ou^ye*', wh'i cannot cry uiit, fur the sake of inuiikiiiil,' "Siway v.'itli such iaooulators and propajjators of disease and death from our midst. Every effort is now" bainT ' brought to bear upon tho celestial* to decamp. -But-«ohn will not go worth a cent., and lie has ? tho -encouragement of money, .amonetary and grasping capital list, to remain quijtl.v wliure hc is. Some yoara ago the iiianufxctfti-trs of San TrlLiici^co discharged tlieir white labour afld engaged Cliineso at lower wages. J >hn :ia sonn, forsooth, as he had inculcated :i jtrntiui'iucy iu tho knowledge of -the biiainua.i into, hw nrieiit.il skull, uiiobstentiously withdrew frum his em ployer, mid set up in opposition' against, . and un&orshld;, his tutor aud benefactor. .There he tbuchcil his 'friends on a teiider, jtlaco-tliuif [jocket. A great hue and cry was spontaneously raised by tho, capitalists, against tho sly and meddlesome Johns iu\d Svar to tliu knife was proclaimed." Mass uieetingn weie assembled, harangues ami -vituperation were loudly showered Upon nis Celestial head. ttetl hot petitions were drafted and despatched by trusty m-jasenijera to Congress,'- without' the" preliminary -pastime .of remodelling' the trtaty of: nations,to, instantly, expel the Celestials- from 41ie country, and resurrected a pretention of grout anxiety touch ing tho wliito iabotiring dlass, and concern About, the wolfare Of their households. .Tiie labouring' class saw.-their chance ; . thoy took up the ques tion-inflauimato.-y -utterances :an<l incendiary 'speeches were indulged in on every street corner' by every larrikin who, with .tlire'i .lingers of whiskey under his sli-rt coiild find his tongue -looso enough /to orate. ? ,'Insiiiroction, . extermi nation, burning out was agitated aud tried, and' iii turn abandoned as unfeasible. - But the Avritor says; all was in vain, some 300,000., of these yellow* men remain in the land, and are'upheld liy - those who care bUtTTittle for the real pr6Spei-ity*of thelcountry.-but make their..religion the -:\yorship, of. the AJmighty.!Dollar, fregardless of the consequences. , It hs pleasing to. observe that despite' thuii- general apathy upon many matters, the hearts of tho..wpvkorslin these Colo nies are in the rig'it place, and that it?is> their intoiition to preserve them selves and: families pure and unnon tanvinatod, in: which object all right ly disposed Colonists slicmid give their synipatllies, while, as the clan-' £er is not yet/spast, 'it \nH:;be the' duty of tlie Government'.' to "take the matter: into its serious consideration, and pass a .restrictive Act, thofirst opportunity. ,< ', 