The Itcv. Sir. The recent visit of the Anglican Bishops to Toowoomba was anticipated by churchmen with no nlight degree of interest. Whenever the presence of our venerable diocesan be- comes known in tbis town he invariably meets here, as indeed he docs everywhere in Queensland, with a respectful and hearty welcome. Additional interest was awakened in Dr. Hale's official visit on this occasion, ns soon as it was announced that he would he Accompanied by the Bishop of Northern Queensland, and that the people of Toowoomba would enjoy nn intellectual treat in n sermon from Dr. Stanton. When the necessity oE a Bishop for North Queensland bccamo appa rent, aud tho appointment was finally de cided on, those in Authority at home looked to one whoso zeal, sincerity, and eloquence fitted him for the position. Dr.;Stanton was ' offered tho bishopric, nnd after somo con sideration, nnd upon thondvico of his friends, he accepted the appointment. Bishop Stan ton was for many years rector of St. Giles', London, mid in addition to the work en tailed upon hiin in this crowded part of tho metropolis he also took a warm iutcrcst in goncral Sunday school work in England, occupying the position of President of the National Sunday School Institute, Blackfriars- road. Since his arrival in tho Australian colonics, Bishop Stanton has been every where received, not only by churchmen, but by members of other denominations, in a 4 spirit of genuine earnestness, and in hisfuturo labors lie will be cheered ami encouraged by the fact that he has on his side the warmest sympathy and co-operation oE churchmen mid non- conformists. Ilis lordship speaks with great deliberation, and in aclcarnnd dis tinct voice, nnd scripture is interpreted by him in n spirit of liberality which is truly refreshing. The following short outiino of Dr. Stan ton's discourse will convey a very inadequate notion of his oratorical powers ; lie must be heard to bo appreciated, and wo may state that there nro whispers of another tront in store ou the bishop's return" call ' nt Too woomba before proceeding to bis diocese, in the course of a few days, by which tiino we hope nn appropriate address of welcome may emanate from the citizens oE Toowoomba, which, as in Cooktown, might partake of n cosmopolitan character, and uccd not bo con fined to church people onty. Tlie church in Queensland U happy in the important acces sion received by tbo appointment of Dr. Stanton to tho Northern diocese. Speaking for ourselves, wo can now, from personal ex perience, more than endorse nil tho good " tidings previously received of the bishop, whose happy influence may be exercised, we hope, for many a year to come, in tho dis charge of his ecclesiastical functions. Wo have already iu this journal given an outline of tho movements of the bishops in Toowoombn, nnd wo now propose to direct special attention to the scrvico on Sunday evening. Tlie lessons wcro read by tho Rev. Thomas Abraham, and tho chants were sung to Jackson's flue music. Tho hymn " Come unto me, yo who aro weary, aud I will give you rest " was sung with much taste; aud Mr. Burncll deserves tho highest praise in his successful nud untiring efforts 'to raise nu efficient choir. Tho Right Ilov. preacher selected his text from St. .uattuews jlvii., tiio aru with tuc 8th verse—" And behold tlioro appeared unto tbcra Moses and Ellas walking with Him ; and when they had lifted up their eyes they saw no man, save Jesus only." In their Bible reading tbey would doubtless remark, said His Lordship, tho seeming wondrous many sidedncss there was about our blessed Lord's tcnching. Ono command or one parable was made to interpret many lessons like those revolving-lights along our coasts that shone out in various directions, nnd caused different means of application. This fitucss ou tho part of Our Lord's teaching was rendered necessary by bis extreme brevity of ministering on earth.. Within tho short spaco of thrco years nnd a half, Our Lord had to condense truths, ou which the mm church might feast itself for at least nine- tceuccnturics to come. Tho Gospel narratives were extremely short, nud yet thero was about tbcin a newness— he might almost say a novelty ; for ovcry tiiuo they rend them , they appeared to shine out with fresh lustre ' and with fresh light. Wo had doubtless read them through many times iu our lives, aud yet was it not tho conviction that every time wo turned to them tliey appeared to us ucw ; but few in number, they appeared yet tunny iu their application. Something liko tho pieces of glass in the kaleidoscope, few in number ; ami yet with every turn they shook themselves into new mid benutious patterns ; and so tho few words left by Our Lord Jesus Christ, when revolved in meditation, created themselves into novel forms, nnd shono forth with increasing brilliancy. Tho transfigura tion, therefore, might be preached upon for twenty limes iu succession, nnd yet there would be no tnatology. Ho purposed to night todwcll upon it in oncrcspcct. Before proceeding, however, let tlicm draw a lesson from thnt which floated upon the surfneo of the narrative. They remarked from the text that tliere was no conversation with Our Lord, Mosch, anil Elias; on earth these two latter men were separated by a loug distance of time. They had never met iu the church ou earth, and yet no sooner hnd they come into tho church iu triumph than there tbey were companions. They held convcrso together, and so wo might rest assured thnt there would be hereafter a re union and a recognition amongst Christ's people— that though we wore passing awny to Our Fat hcr'a houso by many ways, wo were nil at last to meet under that grand hcnvculy roof. Or, like our little islnudhomc, reached by many roads, so we passed on across tho wnve3 of time, nud as soon ns wo landed on that poaccablo shoro, there we mot, aud were companions for ever. Ho did not know whether it had ever struck them with surprise that God should allow so pinny ages to elapse ere this grand rovclalion-'wns givcu of the appointed wny Jo everlasting life. Their first question was wbjvwos not that estab lished at once? He said it, with reverence, thnt had it been possible, such was our pride of heart, and suchourconceit, in our capacity to find our own way to Heaven, nnd to con struct a way to Ile.iven for ourselves, that ninny experiments had first to bo tried. Mini's own wavs -must first bo tested, and when tliey were found dangerous, ns the re sult of his own creation, inadequate to cope with his own spiritual disease, self-willed , mnn, humbled in his iunbility to cure himself, would bo only too willing and ready to tnke God's method, nnd receive patiently the healing ways prescribed. If these various experiments were collected together, nnd if nil the methods of man's devices wcro classi fied and arranged, they' would find them grouped under two heads. One method would depend upon the law of habit, perhaps exterior restrictions under rule nud discipline, and, for convenience sake, they would call that the educational method. The other ex- pcriniHit depended upon conduct nnd asso ciation, for what iiow-a-days was being called the enthusiasm of humanity, and they would call tlinl, for convenience sake, tlio heroic method, and beneath these two, the educational aud tho heroic, and all sorts of experiments from the wbolo workshops of human culture, he believed they might bo classified. Ami might they not regard these in the passage to-night bearing on Moses and Elijah. Might they not rcgnid these as tbo two leaders, tho directors, or, if he might so dcscribo them, the head-masters of two great schools, nnd regard tlicm ns bringing up the result of their endeavors, and placing before Our Lord as an admission of their failure. Being unable to grasp the great deeds of humanity, nnd leaving man iu nn utterly broked condition, they Rummlorcd and they retired. Aud wlicu the disciple opened their oyes they saw neither Moses with his rules, nor 'Elifjha with his enthusiasm. They saw Christ left alone, tlie supreme mid compre hensive mail, tlie one who alone could deal with humanity and rench its most desperate needs. Let thorn glance nt these two for a moment, and too wlmt were the results of each of the systems. Moses from first to last wns a law-giver, and if it luul been possible to lmve mndc them religious by compulsion, tho Mosaic code wns tho code to have donu it. But there was no freedom in that system, on nccount of the tunny restrictions laid down, even for the minutest details of dross. God submitted bumnnity to this Mosaic experi ment, nnd the experiment lay in tyiug up wild humanity, aud taming it by sheer force and by the application of external lnw, like a limb tied up tightly with tbc bandage of re striction, or liko some wild animal taken from the forest nnd confined in a cage behind strong iron bars till wo found tbeirsavnge in stincts beaten out of tlicm. And so here wo discovered humanity with nil 1(6 wild pro pensities, with all Its strong passions, and nil it inclinations for evil so subjected to Mosaic restriction behind the bars of nu enforced code that if it were possible to beat out bad ness from the liumnn heart that was tlie very system to do it. But how did it succeed? There was ono who tried it from lit youth up. He submitted Ids whole heart to its test, nnd in describing to us tho result— it was Paul — he said that, so far from this religion by com pulsion driving out evil from his heart, it rather made that evil the more inveterate, nnd that something iiko a fever forbidden to manifest itself was driven in upon (he vitals; aud so he went on to say that he had not sinned but for tho law, for he was alive in his own conceit, iu the imagination that the true spirit dwelt witliin. When the com mandment camo, " Thou shall nml thou slialt not," nnd restrictions were laid upon him, thon he declares that his heart burst out in stronger protestation, for when the com mandment came sin revived, nnd ns to nny hopes of obtaining eternal life, ami having his heart regenerated, he fights ou iu sheer despair, and his spirit at 1 hi time may be com pared to something like the bale of cotton in a ship, tied down so tightly that com bustion takes place spontaneously. Aud so this religion by compulsion broke down nnd utterly failed, nud Moses here comes beforo Oitr Lord with the result before him of failure instead of success. It would bo diffi cult to place two meu alongside each other, the features of whoso character stood wider apart than those of Mosc and Elijah. They had not one poiutin commnn. Moses was'tlic law-giver ; Elijah hail no laws or rule what ever. Moses wns the founder of a great system, but Elijah wns the father of uo system or school at all ; Elijah depended largely upon cuthusinsm, nnd he summed up the whole of his own lifo when he said, " I bnvo been yory jealous for tho Lord God of Hosts." Piety with Elijah wns more tbnu a principle ; it was an actual passion ; aud the principles of piety lie took to his own glow- lug and enthusiastic heart, nnd kindling them to a white heat, he placed them iu the minds of the people. What wns its effect ? It wa great indeed, but it wns only an effect u|k>u tlie surface of humanity. Liko a passing breeze across tho corn-field, ho swayed tbo mnnncrs and the opinion of the people for a time, but when he had departed, and when tho memory of the grcnt man began to die out, then, like tbo cars of corn standing erect again, so did the hearts of the pcoplo revert to their old attitude, nnd showed (lint his in- flucuco had touched tho surface merely, and had not reached the heart. And so his system faUs, nud lie, with Moses, comes up before Our Lord to surrender to him, nnd to givo up to bim the keys, so to speak, of tbc two schools they had conducted, and to leavo the Lord Jesus Christ nlonc, to grapple with that which their own hands lind failed to ac complish. How, then, did Our Lord do it, and now was it the Lord Jesus Christ, and the Gospel that embodied his teaching, could alone deal with that which otbors had left undone. Moses system brought sin to re membrance, like a pulse-glass laid upon tho heart of .humanity, only to explain its irregular beating nnd the deadly disease which was going on. That was all Mosc could do. How did Our Lord Jesus Christ so much surpass him ? Moses' system of rule nnd distinction was tbnt nlono which could reveal sin, nnd make men's consciences weightier than before ; but the Lord Jesus Christ brought forgiveness of sin— "Be it known unto you, men nnd brctlicrn, thai through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sin." Moses' system brought sin to remembrance, tbnt tho Lord Jesus Christ wftli hi precious hand clears it nod leave the conscience free, nnd gives pence withGod through his own blessed redemption. Ono by one his ins are brought to re membrance, nnd He clears them. As the black clouds of conscience gather over the soul, the sun of righteousness rises and re moves them, nnd hence conic peace ami joy in tho Lord. On his (tho Bishop's) way out to Australia, after crossing tho lino, ho re membered coming on deck one morning and seeing a sky, black with the clouds of night. The sun wa about to rise, nud already tho black clouds were 6trcnkud with the purple rays of the approaching morn. Proscutly the sun rose ns it always rises— rapidly out here— and it commenced to deal with tho clouds, aud with its warm ray it began to evaporate them. One by one they melted and disappeared, until at last there wns ex tended overhead what was said to bo nn Australian sky, so clear, 60 cloudless, so beau tiful. So with Moses' system, ns fast ns it brought these clouds of conscious guilt across the mind, the Lord Jesus Christ appeared aud removed tltcui, casting them, as he says, in another place behind his back ; 60 that there stands across tlio believer's soul only the clear firinamcnt of calm, sweet repose, aud whether he lives or whether he dies there is joy iu that soul. How about Elijah. What docs Christ do with him to render his system superfluous? Elijah acted upon the surface of humanity, somewhat like the strings of the vEolinn harp stirred by tho breeze, which became silenced again by the calm. Tho Lord Jesus Christ give redemption, and with it the Holy Spirit, to them that ask Him. What is the difference ? Enthusiasm anil tbc foroo of example and contact with another nets from without inward, but the Holy Ghost acts from within outward. 'Tho ouo makes man more , of n machine obeying the dictate of another, but the Holy Spirit I nn abiding principle in the heart, so that man is natural in nil bis movements, his thoughts nro puri fied, his imagination is clear, his will is sub dued, nud tbc habit of hi life are regulated by the force which streams out iu all directions in his life, bathing its character, anil fertilizing it with the fruit of his spirit. 'This wns the very reverse of the other, nud splendidly superior; whilst tho one acted upon the surface, the other cnuscd a new life to be implanted in the heart. Wheu tho be nign influence of a mother who had taught thorn to pray had been removed, the habit of prayer previously acquired would, lio wns almost going to say, bo forgotten, but at least it would 1>c laid aside. There was tho dear old church in the old country attended so regularly, because it was right ami customary nud respectable to attend God's house— such n worshipper, pcrehaucc, cnmc out to the colonics, nnd hero how ninny there were who forgot to nttcud God's house, or nt I enst con tented themselves with n very sennty attend ance. So they saw tho effect of mere associ ation depending upon tho position of the pursou nud the surrouudiug which encom passed him. Not so with the other — the true man. ilo will bo uninfluenced by circum- stances of change or otherwise. Tic will he real, and put him where you will, surround bim with wlmt circumstances you like, the man in his own heart will be true; he will be religious in every place, and under every con dition..- He (the Bishop) remembered one day boing in Cauterhuiy Cathedral nt juit that time of the duy wheu the sun wasaboi to set, and ho w.i hi that part of the cathe dral where there wns a splendid statue. It wa that of an angel bending over a tomb, ami the. sunlight, brokor in through the c& qulhitcly-pnintcd \vindo"\v, 'nod it camo through tho ruby glass, nud it fell on the angel's check, ami made it rod and blooming wilh n beautiful lifc-liko hue ; then came tho yellow, and fell on the angers wings, and tipped them, ns if they were just fresh from Heaven, and he wns speB-bound, as if tho angel there lived, and, as lie stood there, the sun gradually sank below the window-sill, and the ruby glow from tho angel' cheek faded, the yellow gold from the wing van ished, and there stood over thetouib the same statue, begrimed with dust and grit. And so remember thnt the holict association of themselves can merely paint and color up lifo with the semblance of religion. It was these precious gifts of Christ, tin new life, this being born agniu of the spirit, a tbo prophet calls it, that alone couhl make us real, and make our hearts new, niul our lives true. And everything that procccdoth from God, in thought and iu hern t, was received with a cleansing spirit, so thnt we need not depend upon the enthusiasm of humanity and contact with our fellow, but receive tbnt now life, it would, ns the Lord Jesus Christ described it, be in us, ns it were, a fountain of living water, springing up and supporting us. Need we impress then, those words with which each verse of tbulcxqui-itc liymn, so exquisitely sung to-night, upon the minds of hi hearers, iu thu uamu of the Lord Jeans, " Come uuto 31c ye weary, and I will givo yott rest." Tcihaps they had tried these others, and lind endeavored to get good first from outward restriction, nud from the bindiug up of their lives wilh strong bnudnges of law until their stubborn will only broke through ; or had wo dc(>cndcd upon our asso ciations with others, ami found that that wns poor sorry help? Failing, then, with theso incentives, ho would say, "Come to Christ, submit yourself to lliui, take the remedy that lie describe, and you will find it superior to both of these, filling your heart with power nud your will with strength, regulating every habit in life in conformity with God's mind. May God grant that we cacli may receive this blessing, niul be able oursclvc to test its strength by the power that we lmve received from lliin." There was nn offertory nt the close of tho sermon, nnd the benediction wa pronouueed by Bishop llnlc. 