VICTORIA. [From oar own Correspondent.! Melbourne. July 7. -to-morrow tin excellency win summon tno rival forces — Liberal and Conservative, Berryite and Servician — once again to tiitrp thf» fi«»1r! nt* rtinrA fyirredlv thrt floor. For very many reasons, more than the nsual interest attaches to the coming contest. The reform question must be inevitably brought to the ' matter of life aud death ' stage. Ttiera can be no further procrastination, and tbe spice of interest will be found in the revelation* of the returned Ambassador. A still more serious business will he the grappling with tho problem of a failiug revenue, which will be uo pleasant task under the --y« of a country distressed by failing trade and within sound of the irritating clamours of the hungry unemployed. In various direction* where least expected there may be detected muttering* of discontent at our present ruli-rn, and it is matter of intense interest how far these will find voice in the House'and shape into stern reality at the next turn of the htllot box. In all minds there is the presentiment tint; the times are out of joiut, and all eye* are cununl to Parliament as somehow likely to bring tha Deeded relief. It may not be so easy to point out whence the help is to come, and one's view on the subject depends entirely whether it be from the Conservative's or Liberal's standpoint. The former holds that salvation can como alone from the entire sweeping away of the Berryite faction, aud he seen the sign of ita approach in the change of public opinion or indicated at tlie recent elections for Fitzroy aud East Melbourne. You r Liberal, on the other hand, clings to hi* faith that the J. country will be saved ouly in the humbling of the Council and the depleting of the bloated capitalists and squatters that is to follow an surely as the night the day. The Fitzroy election was no doubt significant. Tlie seat was formerly held by a pliaut Ministerialist, aud the Government took great pains to shep herd thiir candidate— tlie nominee ; of the Eeform League. Tbe Opposition candidate sailed tinder tne plainest colours. He aunoauced himself a sturdy opponent of the Government, and a decided freetrader, and he won by 1 ,*2i!5 votes ' over 1,143. The constituency by its decision put on record an unmistakable protest against the attempt of ths Govern ment to ' boss' tlie election. Aa to tho East .Melbourne election, the result cannot fairly be |put down as a ntw Conservative victory. It whs thit' fly an exhibition of perftouil regard for tlvo late member, who has bp--u re-elected. Mr. Zoi is universally liked an a 'jolly good fellow,' and sympathy nil felt for him iu having resigned liin seat owing to tho financial embarrassment of his firm, though not being insolvent be might legally have continued te hold it. Hi« opponent, also a Jew, fa a mail of no influence iu the community, mid au un popular dabblvr in politics— enough to account for the minority of 6*17 to 1,651 in which lie had the pleasure of fiuding himself. Even granted that these elections indicate a change in public feeling, tbe present Opposition are not likely to effect anything. Mr. Purvea, a promi nent man ou their aide, addressed his oomtitti ents the other day, ond told the same old utory of disunion iu the ranks. As I have oaid all along, if the ttprit de corjii that has hitherto characterized the Ministerialist party is con tinued the other aide will not have the ghost of a chance. Mr. Btrry has spoken twice Kince bin return —at a grand banquet held in his liouour and at tbe annual meeting of the lteform League. The speeches were received with great euthuniiiatn by tbe respective audiences, but when lead over in cold print they can hardly be said to be a success. Tiiey were chiefly a re-lush of the same old sentiments that used to do duty in the days before tbe Embassy. It may be that the Premier is reserving all his British uovelty and freshness an a treat for his fellow members in tbe House. Mr. iSurry gave deduc tions rather than facts an lo his mission Lome, aud devoted himself chiefly to a fierce onslaught upon the wicked Argut, which lie pronounces to be the source of all oar trouble. Not by the mistakes of the Berry Government, not by Black Wednesday has our credit bwsn ppoiled, but by ' the lies that a veual Opposition I'reis could print and did print every -!av.' Unfortunately the speaker in this and other matter* allowed bid eloquence to run away with him. leading him into looxc statement* and half truths away from the safe path of fact*. Ko doubt the Government are atuog by the atnrdy aud successful opposition at home led by Mr. Haddon, tbe Editor of the Argut, which had no much influence on the Britiab Press. If Mr. Berry is not able to note down pre cisely what he liss brought back fur his £5,000 be can at any rate supply Sue phrases which may be interpreter! to mean a great deal. If he baa not got much from tbe Colonial Secretary lie ia able to say his side has ' tha moral Kupport of the thinking politician* of Great Britain.' From the Conservative Govertimvut of England 'they at leaat received an amount of coartewy snd consideration which they had never re ceived from the so-called Conservative* of Victoria.1' He was al«o able to say 'he knew it well that every Engliab statesman, without expressing any opinion ou the details of their measures of reform, had recognised what was the fundamental platform of the Liberal policy of Victoria— tcheers)— and dear to EDglarid by tradition, that tbe ma jority of tlie people should govern.' Tbe deer* of the audience showed that they took this to prove that all England ha* been won for the Berry majority, and tbat as a concequence tbe Council must he inevitably ' squelched.' The other side, however, romiiu bard of heart, snd persist in maiutaiuiag that all tbat the Embassy has resulted in i* the naked desfatch of Sir Blichael Hicks-Betch, which clevtrly avoids favouring cither aide, ant leaves matters very much as they were when Parliament broke np. Mr. Berry ind'c -t«d tbat a reform meature somewhat different from that of kit cemion will hi brought in, so that theio ' Is just the hope that his experience* will lead him to counsel that moderation which alone can provide a way of escape from oar troubles. I confess that there ia not much, as the leader still raises the ay of war to the knife, and calls on his followers to unite as one rn»n for the greatest battle of all that ia looming. The Liberal party, aa represented by the Kefonn League, is keeping on the alert. A conference ot representatives from the various country electorates has been held in Melbourne. Over a hundred delegates pat in an appearance. The announced object was to consider the ** new platform of tee party.-' This was carried out very naturally by adopting a series of ?'planks.' She first plank was rather an ancient-looking piece ot timber, viz.. 'con- stitutional reform.' The rest were— A pro gressive land tax; a readjustment of the tariff, to make it more protective; the. cutting up and reletting of the pastoral leaseholds; and electoral reform in the shape of (a) the aboli tion of plural votes, (6) the adjustment of representation to population, and (c) the making of voting compulsory. last but not least, to the joy of MrvMirams, the League accepted as a '?plank' his pet 'National Bank of Issue.' It must have been a little saddening to the Leaguers, after the conference was over, to be lectured by the Ministerial orgaa, and informed that they were taking too much upon them selves. The ' platform' will not hurt anybody very much, but the League has undoubtedly a power of its own in another direction. Ic can command local influence in securing and keep ing seats for its nominees. Its announced policy is grab all and keep alL As one~~~speaker earnestly urged, they must see to it that not one of the present Ministerial seats is lost, and an attempt must be made on every opposition seat at the next election. Mr. Berry's address to the League was particularly fervii ' Life was too short, and the interests involved were too great' for them to brook any further delay. He vividly pictured the struggle, and spoke prophetically of the effect onj the sister colonies. You will be * surprised to hear how much your colony is involved in the flight:— ** They bad a right to combine together and secure such an alteration in the constitution as would give security to them and enable them to band down 'fo posterity the control of the country and its destinies as the heritage of the majority of the adult population. (Cheers.) And if that was the great problem for them, bow much greater was it for all the neighbouring colenies ; for as surely as they won this fight it would be the forerunner of a victory in dooth Australia; (Cheers.) They had now watching them with the most intense interest men in all the colonies, sympathizing with them in their aspirations and knowing that their success would be the death-knell of the monopolists throughout the whole of the colonies. (Cheers.) He asked them if that was not a struggle worth fighting ; if it was not a struggle worth spending their lives to win. (Cheers ) The revenue returns for the last quarter shows a decrease in the gross receipt) of £77,737 as compared with the corresponding quarter of last year. The returns for the financial year are thus completed, and the unpleasant fact is revealed that whereas the Treasurer estimated that he would receive £4,855,660 exclusive of the balance brought forward from 1877-78, and recoups, he has received only £4,525,993, leaving a deficiency of £329,068. If Major Smith is chosen by his colleagues to make the financial statement he will have an opportunity of indulging in some more ' grim joking,' by con trasting the empty chest with the million! that have been saved by this Liberal Government. On the Customs there is a decrease of £103,825, the \- chief item of decrease being spirits— £34,000. On the estates of deceased persons there is £24.500 less than last year, and the remaining deficit is spread pretty evenly over all the various sources of revenue. The land tax brines in £152,327 gross, which includes a considerable sum accrued from list year. The Cabinet will have a ticklish piece of work, in the present state of the country, to decide how the deficiency is to be met. The Ministerial organ suggests increased taxes on tobacco and beer, a stamp tax, more reductions iu the Civil Service, and— as a matter of course — increased taxes on land. It is not a happy time to talk about increasing the burdens of the people, with so many hun dreds out of work. Meetings of the unem ployed of the various trades are matters of everyday occurrence just now. There have been several deputations waiting on the head of the Government, and Mr. Berry has shown some impatience over the inter views, expressing the view that the dis tress is being much exaggerated lor political purposes. We are told that in Adelaide and elsewhere there ia j 1st as much want, but it happens that the uewepipers there have no political capital to n,.ike out of it. The Govern ment have temporarily staved off the difficulty by appointing an Unemployed Board, consisting of two Civil servants, whose duty it is to act as a buffer to would-be deputaticners, and to nuke full enquiries as to what the real state of affairs is. They have also the assistance of the Govern meut and some of the large firms to give the numecous applicants work at a reduced wage. The Railway Department is issuing free passes to take men to work up country. At Colling wood, a thickly populated suburb, it has been found desirable to establish a '.Bread Fond,' to which the public are subscribing liberally, .the simple object beiug to assist families threatened with actual starvation. There is no doubt an unprecedented state of depression, but it mest cot be forgotten that this is always the moot trying time of the year, when the cold is felt asd outdoor wcrk is always to some extent at a standstill. The report of the Board is likely to contain some interesting informa tion. The South Australian footballers will, I think, have every reason to be pleased with their reception, though they will not be able to go back carrying the laurels of victory. At each match about 10,000 persons congregated, and evinced the greatest interest in the game, and they showed their sympathy by liberal applause of any feat or prowess on the part of the visitors. From the beginning, unfortunately, it was evident that your men as a team were completely overmatched. There were individual displays of brilliant play, equal to anything seen on the other side, but the 'tail' was too considerable for these to have an effect on the game as a whole. It is quite natural that with so many first-class [players] here it should be possible to pick a stronger team throughout than our colony can at present muster. Any- how, it was pleasant to see the two colonies so heartily represented in friendly contest, aad nothing but good can come of such reunions. A faction of the religious bodies have been holiii: c a ',CLrbt!:iu Conference'1 on holiass* ami ctttr subjects. The meetings extended over M-rtral out?, zii£ a* trusted a good atten dance. !;at judgiu^ iiy ;iie reports there wa3 less of 4coi;ttre!ivx-'':lui: cf ordinary religious Ktvicp. with losg ao'rcssts by minister*, ami th* rt.i lono of tco stftir was not altogether easy to discover. Tee Young Mali's Christian Association here is eus a well- esttbiished, nourishing institution. At its annual meeting at the Town Hall las? week the Bishop delivered one of his able addresses, dealing in good style with the scientific otj--ctors to the Bible. The Young Men's Association own a commodious, well-appointed building, which has cost over £6,0C0, a large portion of wbi ih sum has been paid off. One of the best features » a gym nasium for the use of the members. The preaentatioo to tho much-respected dig nitary of the Church ot 'England, the Venerable Dean Macartney, brcr.ght together a Urge and pleasant gathering ac thu Town Hall. .Repre sentatives of all the rrHgious bodies were present, andahte and sympathetic speeches were deli vered. The Dean, who his reached the limit of four-score years, fpeke with remarkable vigour, gracefully expressiEj; thinks for thefhoujand peutids subscribed by his friends, and which all who kcow him feel he has so well earned. Death rm recently taken au old colonist and a promiueLt Churchman, who had attained the ripe age of 66, Sir (?torge Stephen, who was highly respected, though not heard of in public life for many years past. The prospect of Melbourne losing au original genius and one of its most popular pulpit orators has led to quite a demonstration to the Rev. Thomas Jones, who has sest_ in his resignation of the charge ot tSe Collins-street Inde pendent Church. Xoi only the particular congregation, but representatives of other denominations joined in an earnest appeal to Mr. Joces to reconsider his determi nation. He has promised tjftbink it over again, bat as the cause ww failing health it is not likely that he will be able to remain for any lengthened time lotger. Nothing further cr a trustworthy character bss been heard of tie Kelly miscreants. The Government have decided to recall the police and military fcrcrs that have been ?laticned over the JCortb-Eastern district, as nothing as resulted from the enormous ex penditure that his been entailed, and our paid protectors are badly wanted nearer home to give _an eye to the Nrritics and petty thieves. Opinions are divided as to the wisdom of the step, asd another outbreak is foretold as a result of the wi&drawaL; Ic will be a surprise if is turns out that the murderers have all thU tiuw Iain hidden in their accustomed Itir. The cara mon belitf is that they have long since dis banded ard made tracks- far enough, awav frfigi here. 