CORRESPONDENCE. L [Oar columns are open to all (or the free discussion of public affairs, but we do sot identify ourselves with, nor hold onrselveB responsible for, the opin ions expressed by correspondents under this head.} MR. JOHN MOORE, J.P., AND RAIL WAY AGITATION. To the Editors of the Armidale Express. Gentlemen—1 think I proved in my last letter to the satisfaction of niOBt people, that up to a very recent date Mr. John Moore had opposed the Railway to Armi dale during the time he had "a1 large store business" in Armidale, and as he disposed of that business in 1872, it is only seven years, by his own admission (not twenty years as he tells people), since Mr. M. was " retarding the progress of the district and Railway matters in par ticular but as a matter of fact he never joined the agitation for Railway exten sion until 1874, at .which recent date Mr. M. discovered that he was behind the age and damaging the district. The usual way of conducting an agita tion is by public speaking at meetings and petitioning the proper authorities. In this way the voice of the people is ascertained and communicated to the proper quarter. Such was the mode adopted in Armidale for Railway extension, and the aid re ceived from other sources may be con sidered as immaterial or unworthy of con sideration. Who then are the gentlemen who have done the public speaking ? And who are those who have prepared the pe titions! I am perfectly safe in saying that the part Mr. Moore has taken in either case has been veiy small, indeed, not worth mention. The principal and best speakers have been the members of the old Railway League, such as Messrs. Jaokes, M'Lean, and more recently the Hon. J. Richard son, J. Thompson, W. Drew, &c.; ; at Uralla, Messrs. W. Cleghorn, H. Roman, J. M'Crossin, &c.; ; at Ygalcha, Messrs. Gill, Jamieson, Fen wick, &c.; Anyone looking over your files will find that Mr. Moore never spoke at any length upon this question, and could not be accused of convincing many people upon any points connected with the benefits of Railway extension. Those to whom credit is due for writ ing in the press, preparing petitions, &c.;, are, within the last five years, Messrs. Thos. Moser, Geo. Allingham, R. M'Do nald, &c.; I prepared the petition upon which Mr. Sutherland based his reasons for bringing the Railway to Armidale, instead of to Inverell. Surely that petition had some weight. I also visited Uralla and Walcha with Mr. G. Allingham, advocating our right to the Railway, and in support of the petition. The expenses of our trip, &c.;, were defrayed by ourselves. When did Mr. Moore ever do similar work ? I have also been a regular attendant at all meetings, both of the Railway Com mittee and public meetings, and have been a constant supporter of the Railway ever since I have been in Asmidale ; but, whatever interest I have taken, either aB a speaker or writer upon the Railway, may go for nothing as far as I am con cerned, still it is just sufficient to satisfy every one that the telegram from Mr. John Moore, J.P., was a lie ; and I think Mr. Moore's greatest friend would not accuse him* of taking as active an interest in any matter affecting the public welfare as myself, without something looming in the distance. His best friend could not ■ay that he h«m any claim to the con- < Bideration of the people for his disinte- ■ rested Railway Policy daring the past twenty years. If he claims credit for his correspondence with our Memher, he is welcome to the distinction arising from such trifles. A celebrated artist said, " A kiss from his mother made him a painter." Mr. Terry when he had an op portunity at least upon two -occasions to speak for us, sat silent—once, when Mr. Abbott abused the district and when Mr. Forster was our only friend ; the second time, when the last Loan Estimates were ! under consideration, and I believe our , Member was in his " little bed." ThiB is Pastoral No. II. j Nemo me impune lacessit. Yours truly, W. C. PROCTOR. P.S.—Since writing the above, I ob serve that I have been favoured with the attentions of two scribes. I shall be happy to reply to any corre spondent who has the manliness to ap pend his name, and whose communica tion .is deserving of notice, but I have heard and seen sufficient of anonymous writers to prove that some of them aTe only worthy of the contempt of silence. I cannot help making a remark or two upon these two effusions, not by way of reply but of comment. The first says he has been mixed up with "admiring street Arabs." No one could doubt this fact after reading his letter. I agree with "New England" again when he says :— " Better sorely to speak the dictates of the heart in public, than to skulk behind the hedge, and, with sneering remarks (like Jull and N. E.'s), decidly injure the prospectB of the district." That is exactly my complaint against J. Moore and " New England." One skulks behind doors, the other behind his anonymous same. " New England" has picked op his logic from " admiring Arabs his ignorance of the subject leads to no other conclusion, otherwise he would not skir mish in " a circle," and I can easily be lieve the estimate he has of himself ex pressed in a " morsel of latin," viz. : That he should never have raised himself above the seat of a cobbler. The only thing in the shape of " a ghost" I can find is the dead body of a testimonial to an agent, decapitated in its infancy, but whose spirit has since been preserved in liquor. I also found how the patience of "an enduring"and long suffering public was exhausted by the in solence of officialdom. Let " N. E." take heed, hoist the danger signal. Now " An Observer" flatters himself and bores the public with his biography thus :—Thirty years ago he lived in Mait land, was a settler, he stacked lucerne, kept pigs, and cured bacon. To sell these commodities he employed a " Kuight of the Hammer," whose employment an swered the double capacity of an Auc tioneer, and " Observer's" tutor in John son and Mnrray, both of which he has now very naturally quite forgotten. The result is also natural ; he has taken to religion, pays me the compliment of liken ing me unto Jeremiah, who was a good self sacrificing man, and truthful (I can't re turn the compliment to you, "Observer!") " Observer," I hope, does not believe, as my ancient prototype did, that the com monwealth is " politically and religiously" rotten, in which case it wonld be a poor look out for "An Observer" and his friend John Moore. And does "*An Ob server" believe that " my brethren" (" An Observer" et eocios) " deal treacher ously," as Jeremiah's brethren did, but if I get into " a pit" I won't trouble "An Observer" more than to be the Egyptian. My advice to yon, " New England," is in your own words, " Do not get beyond your last." Yon may. be an artist in wax, but a botch in print. And yon, " An Observer," go back to the lucerne and bacon bnsiness, add grow ing -turnips to your profession, employ any of our local Knights for another 30 years, and if yon don't finish up in a Be nevolent Asylum, you may learn to be a Judge of Pork. Snch blatant rubbish as " New Eng land's" and " An Observer's" letters it is seldom my infliction to read. Had they not written, they might have been Counsellors of tbe State ; but, having written, not the Beadle of a ward. Were I John Moore, I'd say, " Save me from such friends 1" But Mr. J. M. has still hope, even with these champions. Let them not despair, J. M. may yet be saved, for there is a story of a plot for betraying a city dis covered by the braying of an ass, and the cackling of geese saved the Roman cam tol. How's that for high ! W. C. P. 