AECHBISHOP YAUGffiAN'S ADDEESS AT ST. MAEY'S. h?- ? On Sunday evening last Iujj Grace Archbishop Vaughan reviewed the Education Question in St. ? Mary's Cathedral to the largeot congregation, we think, that was ever assembled inside that build - ;; ing. Every available space, both in the body of ;T the church, the choir, and the sanctuary was : crowded with attentive listeners, whilst outside the doors thero were hundreds vainly attempting I -.?? to gain admission. The number inside and out \ side the building could not liavc fallen far short X of 7000 neroons. When the lecture wag over and ,|; the people began to disperse, the full extent of H ' the crowd WR3 best realized. It must indeed .! ; havo been gratifying to his Grace, a3 being one of ;;'??? the best proofs that the people were with him in ;! ;?':' the contest, to see such a large gathering on the announcement that he intended to lecture on the ..: Education Question. Throughout the address -:l:. his Grace was frequently applauded. Besides the :J clergy and leading Catholic laymen, who occupied r seats on the sanctuary, we noticed the Hon. ,.V E. A. Baker (Minister for Mines), and Mr. \ Alexander Stuart (the new Agent-General). His Grace the Archbishop said: Since I was capable of looking out upon the world, and watch ing the religious movements of my fellow men, I have been struck with the fact that, notwith standing the confusion which envelopes the great struggle of humanity, there are two camps and two armies ever waging war. The confusion between them is yearly growing less, and Christi anity and free- thought, affirmation and denial, are beginning to divide the world as with a knife. My mind was occupied by these thoughts when I first came to this colony, and in a reply to an address presented to me in May, 1874, by the then Rector and Follows of St. John's College, I took occasion to enlarge upon these views. I said ft that ' the wave of infidelity which is upheaving, confusing, and, I may say, sickening the mind of Europe, will, doubtless, indue course, break upon these shoves ; or to change the figure, the battle 'which is being waged in the Old World will havo to be fought out in the new.' I need not ask you, who aro listening to my words, whether or not those words are proving themselves true. Our very presence here to-night —this vast as sembly of my fellow citizens — is a sufficient testi mony to their truth, and the battle which in at this hour waging is in point of fact the contest of Christianity against tho great apostasy. This very night, as I am speaking, our blessed Saviour is being denounced as an impostor, nnd the wor ship of Him in being condemned, it is to be feared, by a large and sympathetic audionce in another place. The Church is in contest not only here but all over the world, not merely our Church but tho30 other Churehea which have retained many of tho old traditions and are bound together by the old Catholic creeds. It is but the other day that the leader of such a Church, surrounded by earnest Christian men, stood up and publicly declared to the world that ho was on the side of Christ. In every battle victory or defeat depends upon the possession of tho key to a position. With us the buttle turns upon tho supreme question of education. If our Catholic people bring up their children thorough Catholics, that ' is, educate tnem in riiorouga uatnonc bclioois, tho victory is ouva ; if, on the contrary, the State takes possession of them nnd they are thrown into Public schools, the victory will eventually be with our opponents. This is the grand question of questions ; on this key the whole victory or absolute defeat depends. The very earnestness on both sides shows tho importance of the struggle ; the universality of the struggle is a sign that men are thoroughly awake to what is at stake ; and the firm, stubborn determination of the Church throughout the world to sacrifice any thing and everything rather than sacrifice her children — than lose full control over them, is a clear evidence to us that she looks upon their loss or their possession as vital to her interests. During the last few months the contest has been developing itself in New South Wales. Christi anity and denial are taking sides from tho neces sities of the case. Men, and parties of men, are being displayed in their true colours : and we are beginning to sec our way ; and to measure the position and the power of the enemy. The present condition of affairs is such that I thought it would not be uninteresting to review, or at least to touch upon, the main features of the great controversy, so far as it has gone. There has been much misunderstanding, and much mis representation, much smoke and dust of battle, which has possibly prevented on-lookers from fairly grasping tho true position of the Christian army, and the real design of the leaders who have been directing it in the battle. 'Who began tho contest ? Are not the Catholics battling for a mere crotchet which deserves no sympathy? Has not the Archbishop proved himself to be no politician, a bad and reckless : general ? Has he not slandered and insulted the vast majority of his fellow-colonists ? Has he not proved himself a firebrand, and a promoter of public disorder? These are some questions whose answers will elicit a review of tho salient . ' points of tho controversy, so far ao it has gone ; and will servo to clear the air and display my real position to those who are interested in understanding it. Having made my replies, I shall then show you, first, the claims that our Catholics havo upon the generosity and fair treatment of their fellow- colonists ; secondly, the utter impolicy of attempting to tamper with their religion ; and, thirdly, what it is that wo \- are determined to uso every fair and constitu 1 tional means to get. Who began tho contest ? The Bishops and the hierarchy had long been uneasy with regard to the effects which were being produced by Public schools upon Catholic children. Ofton havo they anxiously and ear nestly consulted with me upon the point. The clorgy were continually lamenting the. gradual weakening of the faith amongst the children, and the ' lamkinism ' which seemed to be fostered by Public schools, Nor were the laity silent. A feeling — a universal feeling — was gaining strength that things could not be suffered to go on much longer as they were going on ; yet it was difiicult to know what to do. As the fire was thus silently and secretly smouldering, a combus tiblo was thrown upon it which urged it into a public flame. Secularist Grammar schools were to be started in Maitland, Goulburn, and Bathurat, a Girls' School in Sydney, to be paid for out of the public funds ; £1500 a year wa3 to be spent for five years on the education of Gram mar schools of boys exclusively from Public schools ; and the Premier gave out from his place in Parliament that it was his intention to introduce a bill not favourable to Denominational education. Here, the Catholic body considered itself to be treated with gross injustice, if not studied insult. Whilst others had no difficulty in availing themselves cf these advantages, it was well known that Catholics could not with safe conscience take part in them. Whilst all others were assisted in getting on in life, Catholics, as of old, were to be ignored and kept out in the cold, whilst a bill was to be brought in to crush the life out of the only class of schools which they could use. It was the indignant sense of galling injustice that drew the bishops of this province together to consult as to what to do. They conferred long and anxiously, and the issue of their conference was tho Joint Pastoral Letter which has created so much remark. It was not the Bishops, then, who began tho contest. They were goaded into it by an act of crying injustice, and by the deliberate announcement of the Premier that he was going to attack Denomina tional schools. But, whether wo began or no, our opponents tell us that we have no grievance, that we are fight ing for .a fad or whim-wam, for a mere crotchet which deserves no sympathy. What are we fighting for ? 'For fair play, for equality with others. We claim to bring up Catholic children in Catholic schools, and to receive our share of State assistance for secular instruction, as tested hj Government inspectors. We are told this shall not be, that we must send our Catholic children to the State schools. We reply we cannot, and shall not. They answer, then you are unreasonable. We reply we cannot in conscience send our children there. They ask why ? We reply, because the Church, speaking through the hierarchy in union and communion with tho Holy See, forbids our doing so ; and, in matters of religion and morality, we are guided, not by the world or by private judgment, but by the authoritative teaching of those who are placed over us by the Almighty God. To send our children to Public schools against the in struction of the Pastoral is to oppose those whom in these matters it is our bounden duty to obey. Then you are priest-ridden. We are not ; we are following the only reasonable course open to those who profess the Catholic religion. To dis obey would be a prevarication. The late Mr. Bagehot, editor of the Economist, and the great authority on the English Constitution, though far from being a Catholic, has thrown our posi tion into so clear a light, and has offered so rea sonable a justification for our believing and act ing on authority, that I shall make no apology for milking one long extract from his writings. Writing from France on the coup d'etat, he says : In other times, and even now m out-of-the-way Spain, I suppose it may be true that the Catholic Church has been opposed to inquiry and reasoning. But it is not so now and here. Loudly from the pens of a hundred writers, from the tongues of a thousand pulpits, in every note of thrilling scorn and exulting derision, she proclaims the contrary. Bo she Christ's workman or anti- Christ's, she knows her work too well. Reason, reason, reason ! exclaims she to the philosophers of this world. Put in practice what you teach if you would have others believe it. Be consistent. Do not prate to us of private judgment when you are but yourselves repeating what you heard in the nursery, ill- mumbled remnants of a Catholic tradition. No ; exemplify your command, in quire and make search. Seek, and we warn you that yo will never find, do as ye will. Shut your selves up in a room, make your mind a blank, go down (as you speak) into the depth of- your con sciousness, scrutinize the mental structure, in quire for the elements of belief, — spend years, your best years, in the occupation, — and at length, when your eyes are dim, and your brain hot, and your hands unsteady, then reckon what you have gained. See if you cannot count on your fingers tho certainties you have reached ; reflect which of them you doubted yesterday, which you may disbelieve to-morrow ; or rather, make haste — assume at random some essential credenda — write down your inevitable postulates, enumerate your necessary axioms, toil on, toil on, spin your spider's web, adore your own soul, or if you prefer it choose some German nostrum; try an intellectual intuition, or the pure reason, or intelligible ideas, or the mesmeric clairvoyance, and when so, or somehow, you have attained your results, try them on mankind. Don't go out into the byewaj's and hedges ; it is unneces sary. Bing a bell, call in the servants, give them a course of lectures, cite Aristotle, review Descartes, panegyrize Plato — and see if tho bonne will understand you. It is you that say Vox pojJirti vox dei. You see the people reject you. Or, suppose you succeed — what you call succeed ing. Your books are read ; for three weeks or even a season you are the idol of the salons. Your hard words are on the lips of women ; then a change comes — a new actress appears at the Theatre Francais or the Opera ; her charms eclipse your theories, or a great catastrophe occurs ; political liberty, it is said, is annihilate. Ilfaut se J'ai?'e mcuchard, is the observation of the scoffers. Any how, you are forgotten. Fifty years may be the gestation of a philosophy, not three its life. Before long — long before you go to your grave — your six disciples leave you for come newer master, or set up for themselves. Tho poorest priest in the remotest region of the Basses-Alpes has more power over men's souls than human cultivation. His ill-mouthed masses move women's souls. Can you ? Ye scoff at Jupiter, yet he at least was believed iu ; you never have been. Idol for idol : the dethroned is better than the hh throned. i-To, if you would reason — if you would teach — if you would speculate — come to us. We have our premises ready, years upon years before you were born ; intellects whom the best of you delight to magnify, toiled to systematize the creed of ages. Years upon years after you are dead, better heads than yours will find new matter there to define, to divide, to arrange. Consider the hundred volumes of Aquinae. Which of you desire a higher life than that — to deduce, to subtilize, discriminate, systematize, and decide the highest truth, and to be believed ? Yet such was his luck, his enjoyment. He was what you would be. Wo, no, credite, credlie. Ours is the life oil speculation. The cloister is the home for the student. Philosophy is sta tionary. Catholicism progressive. You call. We are heard,' &c.; So speaks each preacher, according to his ability. And when the dust and noise of present controversies havo passed away, and, in the interior of the night, some grave historian writes out the tale of half-forgotten times, let him not forget to observe that, pro foundly as the mediaeval Church subdued the superstitious cravings of a painful and barbarous age, in after years she dealt more discerningly still with the feverish excitement, the feeble vanities, and the dogmatic impatience of an over intellectual generation. Yes, we Catholic3 rest upon the supreme authority of that Great intellect which has directed the millions of ouv fellows in every generation ; and we conceive it to be far more safe, far more prudent, infinitely more reasonable to believe her and to abide by her enlightened wisdom regarding education, than to ?FnllnTtf n.vtTT nt.l'\PY» licrl\\('. ^PIao £aal-\innci n£ ?{?.Ilia world change, but she is semper eadem. She, the ark of our salvation, is our guide ; her voice and her leadership we follow ; to disobey would be to cast oneself into the seething ocean of endless darkness and endless doubt. But has she spoken? Yes, emphatically and unmistakably. Men may talk of Dr. Doyle and Dr. Murray, who lived and spoke in days of persecution when Catholic swere thankful to be allowed to call their souk their own. Since those days the great edu cation question has developed. It is more fully understood now. Popes have spoken out, and Councils have decreed, and the voice throughout the Christian commonwealth is one — it tells the Catholic world that the main instrument of the great apostacy is secularist education. It warns parents of the danger ; it gives rules to priests ; it tires not in impressing on all classes, in this es pecial age, that the turning point of the battle with Denial rests on the education of the young. This is the pivot. Never has the Church spoken so often, so emphatically, or so sternly on one single subject as upon this one. Eead the in struction of the Belgian hierarchy, as approved by Pope Leo XIII. Peruse the Acts of the second National Council of Baltimore, of the first and fourth Provincial Councils of Westminster. Look at the first, second, and third Provincial Councils of Quebec, the first Provincial Council of Halifax, the Provincial Council of Sydney, the Provincial Council of Utrecht, the Provincial Council of Cologne, and the series of declarations and statutes of the great Irish hierarchy, which ha3 spoken so boldly and so aposfcolically on this subject. If ever the voice of the Clmrch spoke clearly, it is here ; and that she has so spoken is acknowledged by and testified to, even by Anglican theologians of the highest/ standing. The refusal of the Catholics, then, to send their children to Public schools is no fad, or whim-wham, or crotchet, but it is an act of enlightened obedience to a higher mind, and to a Divine authority, to resist which is to resist the voice of God Himself. You may think this superstition or madness — still, so it is ; and two hundred millions are mad if you will, and it is a madness which must be dealt with, and cannot be cured by harsh injustice and political enslavement. To disobey the Church is to prevaricate against God Himself. This is the first principle of the Catholic Church. Btit ' Dr. Vaughan is no politician.' And as an incon trovertible proof of this, inopportunisfcs, and others with stronger views, point to the joint Pastoral Letter. Now, waiving the patent fact that that production represents the voice of the united episcopate — of my brethren in the epis copacy who are sjieaking on their own' subject, as well as of myself — waiving the fact that that utterance was an hierarchical utterance — I reply, Were Dr. Vaughan a politician, he would be no Bishop. Who are my models ! Gladstone or Beaeonsfield, ov Bright or Garibaldi, or Bismarck ? I have been in the habit of living with the great fathers of the early Church. Basil and Gregory, and Ambrose and Augustine, are the men whose conduct I have studied, whose high character I admired, and whose fearless preaching of the Gospel it is my constant policy to follow. The highest and most successful diplomacy of these men was to have no diplomacy at all, but to grasp tho truth, and in season and out of season, in good report and evil report, to preach it ; to die rather than betray it, and to profess it, when to keep their peace would have saved thorn from scorn, exile, and a bitter death. Allow me once for all to introduce to your attention two politi cians and diplomatists — a certain Modestus and a certain Basil. Basil is my model politician and diplomatist. Modestus fairly represents the spirit of diplomacy and contrivance which I detest. These two men lived in the fourth century. The Arian Emperor, Yalens, had made up his mind to deposo all Bishops who should refuse to join the Arian heresy. Being an astute politician and diplomatist, Modestus was sent by the Emperor to reason with the Bishops and in duce them to join the Arian teaching. Ho oum moned B;i3il before him. He had already by his poli tical finesse succeeded in turning several Bishops around hia finger. He used the same argumonts .with Basil. He said it was foolish to resist tho times, that the point in question was really of no importance, that he had ..better quietly fall in with the popular view, and that if he did so he would have tho favour of tho Emperor for himself and for his friends. It might havo been a modern politician reasoning with, a Catholic bishop on the educa tion question. But soft language failed, and Modestus then took a higher tone. Let me quote from St. Gregory, who has preserved for us the dialogue which passed between them. ' What is the meaning of this, you Basil (said the Prefect, a bitter Arian, not deigning to style him bishop), that you stand out against so great a prince, and are self-willed when others yield ? Basil : What would you ? and what is my extravagance ? I Imve not yet learned it. Modestus : You're not worshipping after the emperor's manner, when the rest of your party have given way and been overcome. Basil : I have a Sovereign whose will is otherwise, nor can I bring myself to worship any creature— I, a creature of God, and com manded to be a god. Modestus : For whom do you take me ? Basil : For a thing of nought, while such are your commands. Modestus : la it, then, a mere nothing for one like you to have rank like myself, and to have my ^fellowship ? Basil : You are prefect, and in noble place, I own it. Yet God's majesty is greater ; and it is much for me to have your fellowship, for we are both God's creatures. But it is as great a thing to be follow to any other of my flock, for Christianity lies not in distinction of pursons, but in faith. The Prefect was angered at this, and rose from his chair, and abruptly asked Basil if he :lid not fear his power. Basil : Fear what 2onsequences ? what sufferings ? Modestus : One of those many pains which a Prefect can inflict. Basil : Let me know them.. Modestus : Confiscation, exile, tortures, death. Basil : Think of some other threat, these have no in fluence upon me. He runs no risk of confisca tion who has nothing to lose, except these mean garments and a few books. Nor does he care for exile who is not circumscribed by place, who does not make a home of the spot he dwells in, but everywhere a home withersoever he be cast, or rather everywhere God's home, whose pilgrim he is and a wanderer. Nor can torture harm a frame so frail as to break under the first blow. You could but strike once, and death would be gain. It would but the sooner send me to Him for whom I live and labour, for whom I am dead rather than alive, to whom I have long been journeying. Modestus : No one yet ever spoke to Modestus with such freedom. Basil : Per adventure Modestus never yet fell in with a Bishop ; or surely in a like trial you would have heard like language. O Prefect, in all other things 'we are gentle, and more humble than all men living, for such is the commandment ; so as not to raise our brow, I say not against ' so great a prince,' but even against one of least account. But when God's honour is at stake \fe think of nothing else, looking simply to Siva. Fire and sword, beasts of prey, irons to rend the flesh, are an indulgence rather than a terror to a Christian. Therefore, insult, threaten, do your worst, make the most of your power. Let the Emperor be informed of my purpose. Me you gain not, you persuade not, to an impious creed, by menaces even more frightful.' The conduct of St. Basil represents very faithfully that political^ school and that method of diplo macy which is especial to Catholic Bishops. He is held out to them as a pattern, and upon his principles they mould the methods and the actions of their lives when in contact with op ponents of the faith of Christ. The Catholic Bishop may not minimise or compromise the faith. He must lose all things rather than re nounce that. Ho is the light and the guide of his people ; if he fail, if he Io30 heart, and allow himself to be practised on, they are thrown into a chaos of confusion. To be straight, clear, and outspoken, firm as a rock, yet gentle and humble without double or deceit, but preaching the un shrunken Gospel of Christ, at all hazards, as Christ and His apostles did before him, is the aim as well as the ambition of his life. The oecret of the success of his diplomacy is to preach the truth in season and out of season, and to go straight to the mark in matters of religion. His politics consist in tho directness of his utterance, the simplitity of his aim, and in the unworldliness of his ambition. His one desire is to save his own soul and the souls of thoso confided to hiB care ; and his main stay is in the thought that Christ, who is his Master, will not allow His minister to fail, and will so act with His elect that the wisdom of the world will be brought to nought through the very folly of the Cross. Think not that it is a spirit of haughtiness or pride that makes the Catholic Bishop immovable ; do not imagine that it is self-will — it is his in tense eomTiction that he is the herald of the truth, and the messenger of God, so long as he speaks with the authority of the Church that sustains him. Had he not that authority, he would hold his peace, or willingly give way to others possessing more experience and talent than himself. It is by this stubbornness in her Bishops that the Catholic Church lasts out, and survives so many revolutions, and still holds her own after kingdoms and empires have failed. We know in whom wo believe, and whom we preach, and what is tiie Gospel. Men may think us arrogant be cause we speak boldly and with absolute cer tainty of manner. They would prefer ua to be less absolute, to be more tentative, and less cer tain of our belief. It is becauso we are absolutely certain that we speak at all ; for wo preach, not ourselves, but the divinely-protected faith that cannot fail, and the minds of tho Church of God that, according to His gracious promise, cannot load man into error. Thus, and in such light as this, tho Joint Pastoral wa3 adopted by the Bishops. They were simply doing their work, and teaching tho faith to their people in union with tho universal Glvnreh of God. Had they held their peace God would judge them for it at tho last day as dumb dogs who feared to open their mouths, and lot tho little ones perish be» cause they feared the taunts of men. It io their abiding fear of Him und. o£ Siifj yoico, that makes them bold and vendors them deaf to the conten tion of tongues — 'Noil mo tun. forvidn, terruiit Dictu, i'ovox ; !Dii mo tcrrout ct Jupiter liostis.' Bub why insult the vast majority of colonists? They have not been insulterl. 1 -will explain. In iny Pastoral letter, of September 7, which appeared in all the newspapers, I said : — 'Dearly beloved, exmviao yourself continually in a Chris tian and masculine charity ; do not dishonour the religion of confessors and martyrs ; manifest in your lives and in your relations with yournon Catholie neighbours the spirit of the Catholic Church in her calm utterance of truth, and her great gentleness towards those who differ from her: and if it be }-our duty to say disagreeable thing?, say them sweetly and kindly as you can, it if in tin.:; spirit, that we ever hope to ad., we . inskt oil Catholics giving their children a tho rough Catholic education, because it is our bounden duty to do so. We point out the dan gers to Caiholic3 of Public schools, because we should be prevaricating against our solemn obli gations were we any longer to hold our peace. Here, possibly, we may give pain to some ; but it is the pain inflicted by the good physician whoso one desire is to heal the wound. Regard ing the effects of Public schools on Protestant children, it. was not our place to speak ; indeed it would have been superfluous — had it been our place to do so, after the trenchant fashion in which Dr. Ivloorhouse, the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, had already spoken. His language is many degrees stronger regarding Protestant chil dren going to Public schools in Victoria than the Catholic P-ishops' regarding Catholic children going io Public schools in New South Wales. And both ho and they, as all must well know, were animated in so speaking bj- an earnest desire to serve the community at large. To repay such disinterested kindness by cries of ' libel ' on Protestant children seems as disingenuous as it is unmanly. Men with a spark of honest feeling would thank the Bishops for having been at so much pains to speak out on a matter of such vital national importance.' Now, I should have imagined, that these express words repudiating any idea of giving offence would have been received in the sense in which they were ex pressed. They were simply ignored, and the same accusation was brought over and over again, as if they had never been published. Taking advantage of the occasion of laying the foun dation-stone of the school at Eorest Lodge, I repeated the same sentiments in still stronger language, and showed the world that intelligent Protestants who had a mind to understand the Bishops' drift could understand it, could under stand it without any difficulty. These words of mine were published to the world in the Herald newspaper, on the 13th of October last. ' Now, let it be borne in mind that the Pastoral Letter is addressed exclusively to Catholics, and deals exclusively with Catholic children ; secondly, let it be remembered that the condemnation of ' secularist schools' for Catholics is based upon a claim of reasoning which no one can interfere with, without ceasing practically and theoretically to be a Christian ; thirdy, that what applies to Catholic children in such Public schools as we have, does not ? apply, in the same way, to Protestants. So far as Catholic children are con cerned, our Public schools are secularist schools, pure and simple. Catholic children who frequent them are taught no religion in them, and receive no moral training or instruction in them. It is against, our laws for them to vead the Scripture lessons, and the Bishops do not sanction the clergy visiting such schools. Thus the position 01 UaUlOilC aua xiol-osluui/ uunuren in j: iLLjiiu schools is not identical. Nor do the Bishops mean that the secularist schools will produce their evil fruits all at once. The Bishops were legislat ing in the Pastoral for the future as much as for the present, and were warning the faithful with repard to the logical moral results which, in course of time, as in America, would necessarily ilow from schools without religion. If it be unlawful or wrong for the Bishops thus to speak on a matter of public and vital interest- the occupation of the Church may be said to have -»one. I-Ii'. Alexander Gordon, in his powerful, and I think I may add, unanswerable, lecture, at Waverley the other day, has quite fairly inter preted the sense of the joint Pastoral letter, with regard to the passage so strongly commented on. Ho says: 'Again, com plaints are not unfrequently made of the' strong lancuage in which the Eoman Catholic prelates have condemned the Public school system, but it is. quite forgotten that the Eoman Catholic theorv of 'education, which engrafts on continual acts of (lie child's school life a distinctly religious eharac! er. nothing can be more abhorrent than a olan which ignores everything of the kind, and places itself,' therefore, in continual and direct antagonism to all those instincts which the child is taught b~ his religious guides to cultivate. And iW by no means prepared to say that as a matter of hard fact the injury of such a system as that of' the Public schools when applied to the case of a Eoman Catholic child in distinction from a Protestant child, may not be ench as to juettfv the very strongest language that haa been emulovcd. There is, indeed, no reason for the same urot ;.:t- on the parfc of the Church of Eng land ?' but even so, the indictment which she is bound to T- refer against the system is sufficiently T.-ei'!it7.'~ Such was my nscond clear explanation of the 'meaning of the Joint Pastoral Letter: and I liopeu that after having thus, a eecond time, in. the public prints explained -;}mt the Bishops did lzj. r.r.rl did mean, by what they said, thsJb th'-'j would have been aliov/ed the privilege of being believed, llv.b not .the slightest; notice ? vias ta'ron of ray words. Of c;our;:.2 it is not to be f SRScttd tint the: 3 v;ho Itr.vo no honour f-.nd no coEceiep.c-3, :.r.d z.r0 roleij bo:;fc en I:c3iiin.-y up v/hf ar;'e-p-; ::? felling cry, -:/onid forego their cry for. ihe r:V-' oi T-v;tic3. But Tfi'in. of high v.zme, and I bel:e.-3c'o£ iinbiomkhed honour, .joined the ? ebon.' £-d. .ono .or 'jIioi??., arc-OJ-'nb'Ji' of th.c fJppco.' House, co I--: £ovjc'j hizr^H vz %r? .:t-v.to, jtrora he p'aes in ParliaEienS, fcb& tlio Bkliop-; declared in theii* Past-oral Jitter fchst infidelity wa.9 taught, immorality was taught, and lawlessness was taught in the Public schools oi: the colony. How a gentleman of standing, after all I have said \rpon this subject, could make thai; assertion is simply beyond my power of comprehension ; and here again, in the name of the Bishops of this province, I emphatic-ally deny that the Pastoral declares that ' infidelity is taught, im morality is taught, and lawlessness ia taught ' in the Public schools ; and I, moreover, as emphati cally assert that it never crossed the brain of any onc'oi! the Bishops to make such a stupid state ment ; nor did any one of the Bishops, in com menting on the ' proof ' of the Pastoral Letter submitted to them, ever so distantly hint that the most distorted intellect, could twist any words in that document, into such a sonae. My only way for accounting for all the random talk and not very creditable passion poured out. upon that carefully prepared document is that most probably those who talked loudest and shut widest of the mark, had never read it, but con tented themselves in joining tiie general hue and cry, caring little what they said so long as they manifested their disapproval of what they took for granted was as bad as it was painted. Well, this of course is not a very high order of statesmanship. Yet I do not believe that those gentiemen in their calmer moments, and after having given them selves time to think, would do us a deliberate in justice. I would earnestly beg of them to read that Pastoral Letter themselves, to read it in the spirit in which it was written, and they .will not find anything in it which is not in keeping with the general teaching of the Catholic Church, and in harmony with the doctrines which she has in culcated from the first. The Bishops, in publish ing it to their people, were fulfilling a sacred trust. They had no wish or intention to hurt the feeling of any section of the community. They had to preach the Olospel an delivered to them. As whs said the other night by one who is the leader ol the great Anglican community, xhe Syllabus appeared before the Pastoral. The teaching of the infallible Pope must, be followed by the disciple, be he lay or cleric, and the Pas toral is but an attempt, to apply and carry into effect io New South Wales the principles pro pounded by the Vatican.' Had the Bishops minimised their teaching they would have been out of perfect harmony with the general action of their Church, and they would have been con cealing from their people portion of that light which it is the paramount duty of the Bishops to convey to them. But it is retorted upon us — if the Pastoral Letter was only addressed to the Catholic people, why parade it in the newspapers ? I give two reasons in reply. First, because the newspapers asked me for copies of the Pastoral, and I had no reason for refusing their request ; secondly, because I think it is a good thing for our friends to know what our teaching is, and what views are taken by the Catholic Church, which has had so varied, so wide, so long an experience in these matters. We have no mission to conceal the Q-ospel light. We are only too glad to get Catholic principles published and circulated by the Press ; and I have reason to know that the Pastoral Letters which the Herald was so good as to publish for me have produced a deep impression in quarters where you might least expect it. And, although this is the case, the joint Pastoral was addressed exclusively to Catholics, as is evident on the face of it. Of course, I admit, it would be disingenu ous to conceal it, that indirectly it may be implied that we do not think that Public schools are the best kind, of schools for Protestants to go to. And were my advice asked on the point by a Pro teotaut father or mother, I should probably reply in the words of Bishop Moorhouse or of his Metropolitan ; or I should say, ' keep to your own schools, your Church of England schools, where the clergyman, who is, as a rule, an Eng lish gentleman, knows who and what the children are. He will preserve your boy from harm ; ho will teach him reverence, respect, decency, how to love Grod and to pray to Him, and how to respect his neighbour, Keep your boy, if possible, from Public schools when he is young, and from public houses when he- grows too big for school. Let him learn the tradition of his father's in his father's house, and in that school where he will be personally loved and cared for.' Such is my strong view. Others hold a different opinion. Let each express his own, and follow what in conscience he thinks to be the best. But let not one, merely to make a momentary point, misstate the views or the intentions of another. But Dr. Yaughan is a firebrand. He is no lirebrand. i will bring out my thought by reference to a splendid passage in a speech on Reform by John Bright. He say3 : — ' These opponents of ours, many of them in Parliament openly, and many of them secretly in the Pres3, have charged us with being the pro moters of a dangerous excitement. They say we are the Eource of the danger which threatens ; they have absolutely the effrontery to charge me with being the friend of public disorder. I am one of the people. Surely, if there be one thing in a free country more clear than another, it is that any one of the people may speak openly to fhs people, if I speak to the people of their rights, and indicate to them the way to secure them — if I speak of their danger to the monopo lists of power — a in I rrbt a wise counsellor, both to tho people and to their rulers ? Suppose I stood at the foot of Vesuvius or Etna, and seeing a, hamlet or a homestead planted on its slope, I said to the dwellers in that hamlet or in that homestead. You see that vapour which ascends from the summit of the mountain ; that vapour may become a denne black smoke that will obscure the sky ; you uee that trickling of lava from the crevices of fissures on the cide of the mountain. That trickling of lava rnr.y become a river of lire. You hear that muttering in the bowels of the moun tain?. That muttering may become a bellowing thunder, tho voice of a violent convulrnqn that jn-w/ chaise half a continent. You know that at ; your feet Is tho grayo of great cities for which ) therp is no resurrection, as history tolls us that dynasties and aristocracies have passed away, and their numo has been known no more for ever. If I say this to the dwellers upon the slope of the mountain, and if there come3 hereafter a catas trophe which makes the world to shudder, am I responsible for that catastrophe ? Did I build the mountain, or fill it with explosive materials ? I merely warned the men that were in danger. So, now, it is not I who am stimulating men to the violent pursuit ot their acknowledged con stitutional rights. Wo are merely about our law ful business — and. you are the citizens of a country that calls itself free, yet you arc the citizens to whom is denied the greatest and the first blessing ot the Constitution under which you live. If tho truth must bo told, the Tory party is the turbu lent party in this nation.' Yes, if the truth must be told the Tory party — that ia to say the Secularist party — is the turbulent party of the nation. I have spoken to the people of their rights, and pointed out, to the Q-overument. — to those in power — their danger, not indeed of a violent explosion, but of an increas ing, undying agitation which will con tinue to appeal with a thousand tongues till justice is done to the Irish people and their children. You all know, (lie world knows, what their faith is to them. 'It is the light of their eyes and tho one love of their hearts, entwined, as it is, with an undying patriotism which inten sifies and vivifies the very texture of their re ligion. How can you expect them in this free countiy tamely to submit to the indignity of be ing fined, or, as Judge Taaf say3, robbed, because they educate their young ones according to their conscience ? Am I responsible for the deep re sentment that springs, up spontaneously in the Irish heart when their faith and their civil and religions liberty arc trampled on ? Did I build the mountain or fill it with explosive materials? As to my teaching on the point of obedience to law it. is the teaching of the Catholic Church. It is better to suffer any amount of persecution than to rebel. Anarchy is a- worse evil than tyranny, and the practice as well us the doctrine of the Christian Church points to long suffering, meekness, humilitj', waiting with patience for better days rather than do anything that would tend towards disobedience to lawfully constituted authority. It is by thus acting that genuine Catholics have subdued their enemies and con ciliated to themselves the respect and sympathy, nay even tho reverence, of just and upright men. All you have to do, my people, is to use those means which, have been especially provided by the Constitution of the country for making your grievance known and for ob taining redress. If you have real grievance, especially if it bo a religious grievance, you are bound in duty to use those means. You cannot sit idly by, or fold your hands and lot things take their course. The law has put into your hands an instrument, and that instrument you are bound to use, and to continue using until you have obtained redress. But it is urged that Catholics persecuted Protestants in tho his tory of the past, and therefore we should not bo so sensitive to persecution in a free country in the nineteenth century, Alas it is too true that Catholics, bad Catholics, did persecuto Protestants and bad Protestants did the same by Catholics. Even the Church herself, with, all her charity and safeguards, is not always and on all occasions able to restrain the fierce, cruel passions of her children. But admitting all this, for there is no call for wishing to deny it, indeed the admission of the fact adds an immense significance to what I am going to a ay, admitting, I say, all this, leb me ask the secularists who are persecuting the Irish in this colony at this hour to indicate the me one single incident in the history of the Irish people pointing to their persecuting Protestants. The Irish People are sole in this — they never persecuted those who differed from them in religion although they had bitter memories of such suffering themselves. The English and to Scotch have not been free from this terrible pas sion of religious hate — the Irish alone stand out in history as a brilliant exception, and call upon you, my fellow-countrymen, from their graves, to do justice to their children. ' Those who have studied closely the history and the character of the Irish people,' says Lecky, ' can hardly fail to bo struck with the deep respect for sincere religion in every form, which they have commonly evinced. Their original conversion to Christianity was probably accompanied by less violence and bloodshed than that of any equally considerable nation in Europe ; and, in spite of the fearful calamities that followed the Information, it is a memorable fact that not a single Protestant Buffered for his religion in Ireland, during all the period of the Marian persecution in England. The treatment of Bedell during the savage outbreak of 16-11, and the Act establishing liberty of conscience passed by the Irish Parliament of 1689 in the full flush of the brief Catholic ascendency under James II., exhibit very remarkably this aspct of tho Irish character ; and it was displayed in another form scarcely less vividly during the Quaker missions, which began towards the close of the Commonwealth, and continued with little intermission for two generations.' Let me im plore those who have it in their power to avert the persecution that is impending to read the history of this great people. Having done so they will say to themselves, ' A race so generous, so forgiving, having so largo a heart, a race that has had go many Borrows, such a national heart breaking, not for Ioejd of sordid gain, but for con fidence sake — this race has suffered enough ; tho only people in whoso history not one uinglo page is stained with the blood of religious strife, shall now, in this free land, find peace. Yes, givo them peace, peace of conscience, that peaco which tho world can givo, by putting their children on an equality with others, although they belong to, and are to be strictly brought up in the old religion. Fino them not, ill-use them not, because they are no tenacious of their Catholic faith. Admire them, love them, reverence them for it ; and in tho corrupt and infidel tendency of tho ago encourage a people all you can — that still olingo to tho old forms arid, lovpa to worship at the old altar. But it may be urged that it would, \ after all, be a benefit to the colony if the Catho- ( lie religion were gradually cleared away, and if it ' died out, a3 tho Denominational schools are to be gradually cleared away, and to die out. I reply here again the Irish people are singular in their character. I tell you you cannot clear away their religion and make it die, unless you clear them away and pub them to death. I. believe you would not do that. England, Scotland, Wales, and other lands have been scourged out of their religion. Not so Ireland. On no country was the spiked heel so ruthlessly pressed a3 on \ Catholic Ireland ; but she all through held to the faith. And far from it being dared away, it has ;: sunk ineradicably into the soil— so that it iu said that, poisonous reptiles die there, cannot live — and has spread it-self abroad throughout the 'English-speaking world. Yrou camn.it — history tells you so—you cannot cru.-rh Uio Catholic : religion out of the Irish people. It ia simply ? useless to tamper, whether i-y tyranny or otherwise, with the faith of that extraordi nary people. As politicians arc fond ; of Lecky, I will refer for a. moment r-o what ho says. What does he say of this in their time of deepest anguish ? I beg your especial attention to these words : — He says, '.Religious convictions during the long oppression of the eighteenth century sank deeply into the minds of the people. In the upper classes the tendencies of the times, the profligacy of public life, and the great num ber who went, through a nominal conversion in order to secure an estate, or to en! era profession, gradually lowered the ihcolcgical temperature; but, it was otherwise with the poor. They clan* to their old faith with a constancy that has never been surpassed during the generations of the most, galling persecution, at a time when every earthly motive urged them to abandon if , when all tlio att-riicfion and in(luenc.- of properly and rank, professional eminence, and education were arrayed against it. They voluntarily .-?nppovtet'l their priesthood with an unwearying xenl, when they were themselves; sunk in ihemo.-.l, abject poverty, when the agonies of starvation were continually before them. They had their reward. The legislator, abandoning the hopeless task of crushing a religion that was so cherished, con tented himself with providing that those who held it should never rise to influence or wealth, and the penal laws were at last applied almost exclusively to this end. Conversion to Catholi cism was a criminal offence, and was sometimes punished as such ; but in tho darkest period of the penal Iaw3 not a few of the scattered Protest ant poor lapped into Catholicism.' So far for the poople, now what of the priests ? Were they made of the same stubborn stuff ? ''Che zeal,' saya Lecky, 'with which they maintained tlio religious life of their flocks during tho long period of persecution is beyond ali praise. In tho very dawn of the reformation in Ireland Spenser had contrasted the negligence of the ' idlo ministers' — creatures of a corrupt patronage, who, ' havirg the hving3 of the country opened unto them, without paino and without peril, will neither for any love of God, nor for zeal for religion, nor for all tho good they may do by winning souls to God, be drawn forth from their warm nests to look out into God's harvest' with ' the zeal of Popish priests,' who ' spare not to come out of Spain, from Home, and from Remes, by long toil and dangerous travelling hither, where they know peril of death awaiteth them, and no reward or riches is to be found, onlv to draw people into the Church of Rome.' The snnio fervid zeal was displayed by the Catholic priest hood in tho days of the Cromwelliun persecution, and during all the long period of the penal laws. Their singular freedom from moral scandal . . . . has been admitted by tlio most malevolent of their detractors. The strength of their principles was sufficiently shown by their almost ananimous refusal of the objurgation oath, and by tho extreme paucity of conversions amongst them at a time when a large reward was offered for the apostacy of a priest,' I ask then, have not the generous Irish people suffered enough at English hands ? Is it politic, is it wise to irritate them jusfc in that one thing which they love best, and regarding which they are ao deeply sensitive ? Is it worthy, is it not folly to imagine that what the pressure of penal times could not effect could be effected in a free country, in this nineteenth century ? Let them have peace and rest, and freedom and equality at last, that noble generous people which never retaliated by religious persecution upon those who had so ruthlessly persecuted them. Let the fair sun shine upon a united, happy, and contented people, and if a large and powerful section of the community so strongly desire such a system or education as the mother country has adopted, why refuse so reasonable a demand ? They do not desire to touch your schools ; they are content to let you have your way, why not permit them to have theirs ? There is no coun try in the world so free as England. Her prin ciples on education are the admiration of all free men. When the Erench Government waa preparing to persecute Catholic education in Eranco, Professor Mivart and a host of leading English gentlemen protested against the proposed tyranny in memorable words, which it, would be well for every man and woman in the colony to ponder on. In thi3 public protest these gentlemen say : — ' All the inhabitants of this country, whether nativo or foreign, are free to open a school at their own expense, and teach, and may associate together to teach, at their -wil} and pleasure, provided they do not offend against public morals in tho ordinary sense of that term, AU Englishmen have the right of educating their children in schools of their own choice, and of supporting and making use of strictly Denomina? tional schools, taught by their own free-choson teachers. Englishmen would think tho abolition of this freedom an intolerable hardship. So eerupulous ia tho English Government in this ro opect that it not only abstains from interference with voluntary schoola, but even makes to such voluntary schools aa will submit to public inopec tion, largo grants, while allowing thorn full re ligioua freedom, Thus any, eyon small religious body, which has schools of its own, inspected by Government, remains free to appoint or remove teachers, and to choose books to be used for re ligious instruction. Each ouch body also remains free to train ita own masters and mistresses in its own training schools, whilo State aid is granted (in proportion to the results achieved), which may amount to half the total coat.' In one word, Behools and training colleges in England are assisted bv the Slate on the principle of payment by results. It is for this British freedom and fairplay that we contend. The method is Eng lish and equitable, and it would satisfy the Catho lic body. We must keep our children, and we must not he placed at a disadvantage for doing ho. And if through pressure wo aro obliged to choose between the two, we must not hesitate, we must; keep the children. This is the pivot, mark you, my friends, on which the whole question turns. They who get hold of the children win the battle. Those who secure the children secure the army of the future, and have the training of the soldiers of the future. If we let our children slip out of our hands, in a few generations Christianity will be but the ghost, the empty mockery of what it was. The old Paganisms will take possession of the world, intensified by modern refinements and the- vices of the nineteenth century. The enemy know as well as we know, that all. depends upon ? the one cardinal question, who has the children ? This new iniquitous Bill is so framed as to con strain, by every artful device, Catholic parents to give over their offspring to that method of train ing which, finally, will rob them of all their Catholic instinctw, and of that precious gift of ' God, their Catholic faith. The lowering of fees, the establishment of Grammar schools, without help to us — the ruthless destruction of our De nominationnl schools — in what direction does this vandalism point ? Tt points clearly as a finger post in O2ie distinct direction, towards driving the children of the great Anglican communion and of the Catholic Church bodily over to the Non conformists. What, then, is our paramount duty in this grcnt ovi-An ? We have two duties to perform. 'What is oi' first, of most momentous importance, i* to keep Catholic children to Catho lic schools. At an}r price, at any sacrifice, do ? this ; C03t what it will, still determine before the '?? great God of heaven that you will perfect \ those helpless souls for which our Redeomer died. Let not our opponents get hold of one of them. Look upon each single one gone as one that i3 lost. Next, strive all you can for Your rights — for fair play, such as is found in England. Rest not till justice is done you. It maj' not bo done to-day ov to-morrow, but finally it will be done. Our fellow-colonists will see. what wo are aiming at, at keeping the great Christian religion from being poisoned, and from dying gradually out. They will, I feel certain of it, kindly help us and help themselves ; and we shall eventually feel that wo are living in a free country, free men who are no ' longer punished, and practically fined for bringing up Catholic children in thoroughly Catholic schools And whilst insisting in every lawful way on our full rights, let us ot.md by the great Anglician body, whose spokesman has lately dwelt with such ' depth of feeling, and in such a Christian spirit, on the necessities of the religious education of the young. Mr. Buekland is right. We shall not bo found wanting in the day of trial. Mark every man who votes on that 2Gth clause. Re member that a day of account will inevitably come. Let us return no more bad Catholics to ?Parliament to trade on the Catholic name and disgraco the Catholic cause. Let us support good tried Catholics and liberal Protestants, like Mr. : Tootn, who wui stanct up lor j;enominat;ionai schools, or for payment by results. Surely, the Catholic Church and the Church of England, who, hero, at all events, havo a common cause — however they may otherwise profoundly differ — can stand four square in strength and save the Christian religion in the land. There are thou sands upon4thousands who are with us, thousands who raise up their voices for us in this great struggle for our Master ; and if we are only true i,o Him, to ourselves, and to one another, we shall inevitably gain all we want — equality with our fellow-colonists, and the maintenance of the Christian religion in this land. Now, T. have nearly done. I have shown you clearly that it was not- the Bishops but the secularists who began this great contest ; that our grievance is no crotchet, unworthy of sympathy, but one of profoundest import, and growing out of the fun damental teaching of our Church. I have proved . that, though I do not myself profess to bo a politician, I am a Catholic Archbishop of the the Clvurch of God, whose policy it is to preach the full Gospel of Christ, and whose diplomacy consists in preaching that samo Gospel not only in season but out of season ; not only in good report but in evil report. I havo shown you that the Catholic Bishops of this colony havo not insulted or wished to hurt the feelings of their fellow- colonists ; but that they woro discharging an anxious duty to the best of their ability to the flock coniicied to your care. and, tinally, I have pointed out the claims of the Irish people to the generosity of my countrymen, : and havo shown how so stubborn a faith as theirs cannot be rooted out of tho earth by ' any kind of disabilities that may be inflicted on them. Then I suggested that the English system should be admitted, at least for Catholics, of payment by results. This would give peace, and help to preserve Christianity in this land of our adoption. How aro you to obtain this act of justice ? There are three things that I strongly recommend — A universal temperanco movement through the colony ; for if Catholic men and ?women kept from public-houses they would 'soon see the imperious necessity of keeping their children from Public schools. Secondly — That ' . every man, woman, and child, who is capable of doing so, should go regularly to confession, and place themselves in tho grace of God, for I can not believe that the Mastor's blessing will attend those whose consciences are perhaps black with .mortal sin. Thirdly— I say, join, every one of you, the education union that is being established, or .-? shortly will bo established, throughout the longth jvnd breadth of the colony. Union is strength, and if all of you livo sober lives and have the grace of God in your hearts, and the holy fear of Him before your eye3, and if you are united, I will answer for it, many years will not pass before the great Catholic body in this free land obtain that emancipation from political slavery under which, at present, partly, I dare say, through our own fault, it miserably groans. I look to the advancement and tho interests of the colony. I love the home of my adoption, and hope to spend myself, and to be spent, in main taining in my place, and according to my measure, that sontiment of universal brotherhood, that spirit of loyal freedom, and that obedience to the constitution amongst my people, which art1 earnests to the future prosperity and greatness of a nation. The school question is of vital import ance, of paramount concern, because on it turns, as on a pivot, the future destinies of this great country. And crowning victory or absolute de feat and collapse will depend upon the answer to a simple question — Who was it that succeeded in getting hold of the children ? Throughout his address the Archbishop was listened to with great attention, and frequently his remarks elicited loud applause. 