THIE KELLY GANG. The Melbourne Herald says :— To-day (Tuesday), the only prominent topic of converation has been the latest escpade of the Kellys and their associates. The meagre particulars furnished by our morn- ing contemporaries have been eagerly scanned and canvassed, but the geography of that part of the country is not known by many persons, and hence the move- ments of the gang are hardly understood. With the information now before us, how- ever, it is plain that since the Euroa out- rage, until a day or two since, they have been lying quietly in their old haunts, watching the movements of the police and planning other raids. Having perfected their plans, they appear to have coolly slipped through the much-vaunted cordon of police and shaped their course probably along the Warby Ranges for the Murray. They would most likely cross the railway somewhere near Glenrowan, and then make due north to the Murray, which would be crossed somewhere between Yarrawonga and Tocumwal, at any rate it does not seem that they crossed any regular crossing place, or they would proba- bly have been heard of. Having got across the Murray unobserved, the rest of the plan would be easy of accomplish- ment, for Jerilderie is thirty-five miles to the north of the Murray, and the country between the river and the town- ship is flat and easy for travelling, in addition to being but very sparsely in- habited, so that no one would be likely to see the outlaws. Jerilderie is a small township, situated in the centre of a dis- trict that is both pastoral and agricultural : the former industry being the leading one. There are no mines or manufacturers of any kind in the locality. Jerilderie is on the Billabong Creek, and is on the main road from Albury to Deniliquin. There are some low sandy ridges to the west- ward, but with this exception the country is a dead level. The township has about 300 inhabitants, and is therefore larger than Euroa, where the Kellys last stuck up a bank. The country around is thinly grassed, and consists of saltbush plains, intersected with belts of myall and box. As we have said, the Kellys most probably went by the Warby Ranges ; but there persons who know the country, and the police amongst them, who think it more likely that the gang has never been in the Strathbogie or Wombat Ranges since the Euroa affair, but that after the successfully executed raid made direct for the Mutrray in the vicinity of Howlong, where they are known to have a great number of friends. There the police now suppose they were safely housed, and all suspicion averted by false information being given, apparently of a most authentic nature, that they were still in their old haunts. It appears that the gang, after leaving Jerilderie, made back in the same direction, for, as will be seen by the telegrams, there is a rumor that they last night stuck up Tocumwal, a small township on the New South Wales side of the Murray, about 37 miles above Echuca by land, and robbed the bank there. This rumor awaits corroboration, but the police have infor- mation from the Echuca police, and also from the bank manager in that place that the gang, after leaving Jerilderie, took the road to Tocumwal. They, however, while at Jerilderie expressed a detertina- tion to stick up the coach between Jeril- derie and Urana, a township on the Uran- geline Creek, to the westward of Jeril- derie. This threat was probably uttered in order to avert suspicion as to their real intentions. The Euroa affair created in- tense surprise, but the Jerilderie robbery will not surprise people so much, although it will, on account of the extraordinary details given below, amuse them in an infinite degree. The Victorian police have been subjected to a great amount of " chaff " in connection with the doings of the Kellys, but they have now the satis- faction of knowing that the New South Wales police have been subjected to a greater insult than ever the Victorian force met with. Two members of the former have been locked up in their own cells, but this has not yet been accom- plished in Victoria. There is, however, plenty of time, and perhaps Kelly may take it into his head to square his account with the two forces, and not leave one the chance of grinning at the other. In the meantime the police have now posi- tive information as to where the outlaws were last night ; as the country there abouts is open, they should have every chance of tracking and coming up with the outlaws within then next day or two. The Sydney Evening News writes :— The Kellys have murdered three or four policemen by open violence, and if they continue at liberty much longer they will be responsible for the death of a number of harmless people by the influence of fear. We would not insinuate that any of the Victorian policemen will give up the ghost through this cause, but it is quite possible that some of the bank managers will. A case occurred recently at one of the country branches of the Bank of Victoria which will illustrate the extreme danger of the present conditions of affairs. A middle-aged gentleman of timid disposition had been sent up from Melbourne to take charge of the branch, and he was fully resolved to defend his charge with every drop of blood in his body. He was a prudent man, had known something of military tactics as a volun- teer, and therefore he made his disposi- tions cautiously. Firmly convinced that the Kellys would come, he sat in the bank with two revolvers in his belt, and one full cocked in his hand. His assis- tant was also armed with revolvers, and a policeman patrolled the place continually. As an additional measure of precaution, a piece of twine was passed round the arms of the manager and the clerk, that they might communicate instantaneously and silently. The Saturday after the bank was closed a loud rap was heard at the door. The twine was twitched, and the manager made sure the hour was come. He made the policeman cover the door with his rifle. The clerk stood on the counter with two revolvers pointed to the door, and the manager, with a re- volver in one hand, opened the door an inch and a half with the other. " Who's there ? " he asked, in a loud voice, but not without a quiver of emotion. Instead if the reply of Ned Kelly and thre com- rades, a shrill squeaky voice replied, " Missus says the dinner is ready. " Such shocks would soon undermine even a strong constitution, and we learn with satisfaction that the worthy manager has been removed to the safer precincts of the bank in Melbourne. ==================================== 