OPERA BOUFFE. 'LES CLOGEEES DE GORNEYILLE.' The new Opera Bouffe Company will open the season to-morrow evening at the Theatre Royal with 'Les Cloches de Oorneville.' This It is in three acts ; the music is light and sparkling, being divided into 22 parts, including a barcarole, several other daihing melodies, with the usually interspersed chorus, &c; As it has never been performed in Adelaide, we give the following outline of the work : — j An old nobleman, having been proscribed, has tied his native country, leaving his property in charge of an unjust steward, and his child to be reared in ignorance of her station. Ser folette is a foundling, who has been brought up by Father Gaspard in rustic simplicity, 'whilst Germaine, his niece, has been well educated. The latter he intends to marry to the Bailie of Corneville. a pompous silly old fellow, whom he is desirous of securing in furtherance of his own interests. An understood good feeling exists between Germaine and Greni cbeux, a good-looking young idler about the place, because the girl is under the impression that Grenicheux rescued her from drowning. Grenicheux, however, only cares for her for her money, and really loves Serfolette. At the -moment when Grenicheux is endeavouring to persuade Germaine to jilt the Bailie and marry him the Marquis de Corneville appears on the scene. He has once previously paid a visit to bis ancestral place, upon which occasion he saved Germaine from a watery grave and placed her insensible in the arms of Grenichenx, who happened to be near at hand. The Marquis, who is incognito, now falls in love with Germaine and after a furious quarrel with Gaspard, she and Grenicheux enter the Bervice of the Ma-quis. In the second act the Marquis makes himself known to the Bailie 'while making a tour ef inspection with his followers through the old chateau, which has long been reputed to be haunted. The party come upon evidences of recent occupation, and find some old papers, amongst which is a letter from the Count de Lucenay committing his infant daughter, Clement Lucienne, with money, to the care of Father Gaspard. Serfolette pieces the evidence together and declares that she must be the lady in question. As it is evident that some one has only recently been about the place the Marquis conceals his party to lie in wait for the tres passer. Old Gaspard enters exulting in beiBg able to use the old chateau as the hiding place for his ill - gotten riches. It is he who has personated the _ ghost at the windows and scared the villagers with mysterious noises. Whilst gloating over his money-bag the 'bells of Corneville chime out, and the Marquis and his followers discover themselves, which so terrifies the miser that he becomes mad, and the curtain falls on the fulfil ment of the prophecy that the bells of Corneville sbill ring out when the heir to the estate enjoys his own. In the third act Gaspard is led by artful means to the disclosure of his dis honesty with regard to the estate and the parentage of Germaine, who proves to be Clement Lucienne, Countess of Lucenay. The Marquis marries her, and Serfolette bestows herself on Grenicheux, the miser repents, recovers his reason, and every thing ends happily. With an evident desire to study the comfort of the patrons of the Theatre Royal Mr. Allison has purchased, for the better ventilation of the bonne, what he calls a ' blower,-' by means of which it will be possible to conduct cool air into any part of the hor.se. The machinery corsists of a wheel like the blower of a winnow ing machine, playing in I. sheet-iron ' drum' about 4 J feet high, which is turned by a crank. To the u drum' a kind of airs»il or canvas tube kept open by cane hoops is attached, which can be taken in any direction. Thus, by placing the blower at the back of the stage and carrying the windsail into the body of the theatre, cold air can be introduced, which, expelling the hot air, will render the place much more comfortable to visitors on warm nights than it is at present. During the present season, too, the programmes will be of a novel and diverting character. Tha borders will be illustrated by figures of th* principal characters in the various operas per formed, while the centres of the pages will ba devoted to a synopsis of the piece of the even ing and interesting theatrical items. 