' THE JESUIT FATHERS. ,7 .v.- NO. XI. - We continue our extracts from the writings of Standard Jesuit authors, that our readers and the genera) public of this colony may know the " morality if those teachers whom almost' every country in Europe has expelled as' dangerous and corrupting, and whom Dr. Yaughan has welcomed to Sydney to teach the youth and the servant girls and the Holy Sisters, who act as Sisters of Mercy. We refer now to the crime of " simony "—or selling sacred things for pecuniary advantage. " It is not simony," says Sa, "to .pay what another has advanced or promised to procure (ordination for you, without your knowledge . . although in a court of law this is accounted simony ; and the bishop in such a: case may grant dispensation, provided it be not for a. bene fice or dignity. Nor . is it , simony to give any thing to obtain' another 'man's: friendship - by which means a benefice would be "subsequently ' procured. Nor to give: a benefice, not princi pally, but secondarily, for a temporal admniajre." So that a man who wants ordination to the Popish priesthood may be the greatest simonist, and yet not be guilty of simony; Only let some friend understand him, and pay money for him ; and then, whatever a court of law might say, the Bishop will ; grant a dispensation, 4 and all will be right, : provided mere ordination be the object. And then, as to getting a benefice, such as an Archbishopric, like Dr. Y aughan's, which he said had cost him a vast sum of money, he: lias only to give the money in i a round about fashion, and he will be free ! from simony, although if lie went straight forward to the business lie would be i guilty. And then, the said party, getting : the money, may easily make over the matter, and all will be quietly and virtu ously hushed to sleep. The point here is, that the bishop will put right what a court of law would utterly condemn. Again, says Francis Tolet, "Cajetan has taught that in;the case in which an election of Pope .would bo; very injurious to the. Church, money miglit be given to prevent the election, but not to insure that any particular election should be made. And he proposes this' example : if the cardinals should wish to elect a Popo, who would be very injurious to the interests of the Church, money niight be given them to prevent .them choosing him. Sotus also adds that it would bo also lawful to give it for the election itself, if there should be only one worthy Pope, and all the others would be iikely to be injurious." Here we have a pretty kettle of fish. We are: always .piously told that when the cardinals are shut up, on the occasion of the election of a Pope, the Holy Ghost does the business.- But the " Holy Ghost" in this business means money ! If certain persons should think that there is .a Pope likely to be elected who will be injurious, then the cardinals, who are the electors, may be legally and morally bought off and bribed. With a sufficient sum this; may be applied to, vote for one and not for another to be Pope ; and then this bribery and corruption, tohich is secured at a price, is, if the dangerous pope , be; excluded, and the Pope who is likely to concur with the ruling party, is elected, blasphemously spoken of as the choice of the Holy Ghost ! Hence the vast; riches which have been given :for the .Popedom ; . hence the cardinals like . frequent changes in the . occupants of the chair of- St. Peter; for the more the merrieria/, the income for i themselves ! We have the key in this I for the wars and murders and corruptions ; which used to be common when a Pope : was elocted ; and also, for the dissatisfac tion of the Jesuits with the election of 'Leg XIII,, as they would have liked some | "other Pope." Yet the buying" of votes, and : the bribing of the cardinals in elections is not Bimony provided the Pope be elected who will not be injurious to the Church ! Consider this next., beautiful -piece of Jesuit morality from the same , writer : — ; " Adoubt'arises in 'the casein' wbieh'a man I should give money for a-'beneficd.i not iwith the I intention, of really giving jt,. butfeignedly / and, : if he should thus take the benefice, ' whether i : -. !i 'i-iiuviTv/ .iu/iJyu -n ai js there would be simony. Scotus and Cajetan say that there would not, because the outioard act partakes of the inward intention ; wherefore though the feigned promise were confirmed . by a bond there would be no simony, although in a court of law it would be reckoned simony, because the court does not regard tho ' inward intention." So in the case of a priest or bishop who wants a benefice— a fat living — and he promises to give money for it; but he promises with a a false intention of not giving the money : nay he signs a bond to pay it, but he signs falsely and with the intention to deceive. When ho gets the benefice and ; the fat fruits of it, he refuses to pay the' (promised money. If taken to court, 'the; court would convict him of simony on the oath of his bond ; but in the J esuits- moral shop he can virtuously plead his false in-i tention from tho first; and then the Jesuits' swill acquit him of Simony, and say that ihis falsehood saved him from that crime ! Again, Paul Laymann says : — ,rIt iis not simony , to .bestow. 'gratuitously upon any one who grants a spiritual office, a (temporal gift which may be valued at a price ; . ; Neither does it matter whether the gift be ' offered after, or at thc time, or before the spiritual- office is conferred ; ;and that too. with- the .inten tion that tho patron may be induced, from a motive of gratitude, to givo the spiritual benefice." Simony is supposed to be a great crime ; : its name is taken from tlie Simon who wanted to buy the Holy Ghost with .money; but the Jesuits havo splendid- means of evading the immorality ; and' they can . go up to within a haii'sbrcadth of that awful crime with the moat com fortable safety. Father ' John wants a -fat living, lie sends to Dr. Yaughan a hand- ; some sum of money, with the secret inten- tioii to please " His Grace," to make liirri i grateful, and to get from him the said fat benefice. Father John will not be a : simonist, and " His Grace" will not be a simonist, if John sends the money gratuitously, and if .Roger gives the fat benefice out of gratitude ! Let siuionists, then, learn from this lesson on morality how to set law courts at defiance, and how to shave the crime of buying God's gifts : —let them only not speak about a price when they are going about their evil business; let them speak about gratuities and benevolences, and then all will be right, and the receiver and the bestower will be most virtuous Papists ! This is not all. Let us now hear an additional piece from La Croix :— " Suarez and others," says he, " add that the simony is not complete, although a bond may have been given for the payment of the purchase money (the money, for the purchase of a fat living) ; because that bond is net a part of the price; Diana and others also remark, against Suarcz, that if payment bo made in counterfeit money the simony will not then be complete, because counterfeit money is not a true payment. " So let Father Peter Mahoney very much desire a fat living, say at Woollahra, and then send a goodlarge sum of money to Dr. Yaughan with ' the intention. Let him give " His Grace " a bond that he will , pay the money out of the first year's fatness, as at present lie has no money' (in consequence of his believing hitherto in the virtue of apostolic poverty.) Well, he gets into the fat living, and the first year passes by without pay ment of the pur chase money. " His Grace " sends for it ; Father Peter repudiates it, because the bond is worthless as he intended from the first to defraud "His Grace." But " His Grace insists on psyment; well, then, Father Peter gives "His Grace" a thousand forced bank notes — counterfeit money. How clever! Father Peter is not a simonist because he had a false intention ; or; because he paid with counterfeit money ! No fear of Dr. Yaughan being caught in such a trap as that. Falsehood, lying, and simony are thuB reduced to a system. Truth, law- courts, and honour between men and men are thus, by arrangement, set at defiance. A salve i8 found for the conscience, which makes it a party to the worst of crimes. Surely this is the virtue and morality of the devil. 