I THE MAN FROM SOLANO. j H* esme toward me oat of an opera lobby, between the acta,-* figure aa remarkable aa anything in the performance. His clothe*, no two articles of which were of the same odour, had the appearance of hairing been purchased and put on only an hour or two before,-a fact more directly established by the clothes dealer's ticket which still adhered to his coat collar, giving the number, size, and general dimensions of that garment somewhat obtrusively to an uninterested public. His trousers had a straight Une down each leg, as if he had been born flat but had since developed; and there was another crease down his back, like those figures obildren ont out of folded paper. I may add that there was no consciousness of thia in his face, which was good natured, and, bot for a esrtain squareness in the angle of bia lower jaw, utterly uninteresting and commonplace. * Yon disremember me,' he said, briefly as he extended his hand, ' but I'm from Solano, in Calif orny. I met you there in the spring of '57. I was tendin' sheep, and you WMbumin* charcoal' There was not the slightest trace of any intentional rudeness in the reminder. It was simply a statement of fast, and as such to be aoeepted. 'What I hailed ye (or was only this,' he said, after I had shaken hands with him. 'I saw you a minuit ago etandin' over in your box-chilpin' with a lady-a young lady, peart and pretty. Might you be telling me her name f I gave bim the name of a certain noted belle of a neighbouring city, who had lately stirred the hearts of the metropolis, and who was especially admired by the brilliant and fascinating young Dashboard, who stood beside me. The Man from Solano mused for a moment, and then said, ' Thef a so ! thet's the name I It's the same girl f 'Yon have met her, then?' I asked, in surprise. .Ye-es,' he responded slowly: 'I met her about tower months ago. She d bin makin' a tour of Californy with some friends, and I first saw her aboard the cars this side of Bene. She lost her baggage oheoks, and I found them on the floor andgave 'em back to her, and she thanked me. I reckon now it would be about the square thing to go over thar and sorter recognise her.' He stopped a moment, and looked at us inauirinslv. ' My dear ur,' «track in the brilliant and fascinating young Dashboard, 'it your hesita- tion proceeds from any doubt as to the propriety of your attire, I begyon to fliamía» it from your mind at once. The tyranny of custom, it is trae, rompéis your friend and myself to dress peculiarly, but I assure yon nothing oonld be finer than the way that the olive green of your coat melts in the delicate yellow of yonr cravat, or the pearl grey of your trousers blends with the bright Une of your waistcoat, and lends additional brilliancy to that massive oroid watch-chain which you wear.' To my surprise, the Man from Solano did not strike him. He looked at the ironical Dashboard with grave earnestness, and then said quietly : 'Then I reckon yon wouldn't mind showin' me in thar f Dashboard was, I admit, a little staggered at thia. But he reoovered himself, end bowing ironically, led the way to the box. I followed him and the Man from Solano. Now, the belle in question happened to be a gentlewoman-descended from gentlewomen and aftsiJ2aaJiboard!s ironical Mtn&nrtiiiB;^f she comprehended the situation instantly. To Dashboard's surprise, she drew a chair to her side, made the Man from Solano ait down, quietly turned her back on Dashboard, and in full view of the brilliant audience and the focus of a hundred lorgnettes, entered into conversation with him. Hare, for the sake of romance, I should like to say he became animated, and exhibited some trait of exoellenoe-some rare wit or solid sense, But the fact is he was doll and stupid to the last degree. He persisted in keeping the conversation upon the subject of the lost baggage-checks, and every bright attempt of the lady to divert him failed signally. At last, to everybody's relief, he rose, and leaning over her ohair, said : 'I calklate to stop over here some time, miss, and yon and me bein' sorter strangers here, maybe when there's any show like this goin' on you'll let me-' Miss X. said somewhat hastily that the multiplicity of her engagements and the brief limit of her stay in New York she feared would, &c;, esc. The two other ladies had their handkerchiefs over their mouths, and were staring intently on the stage, when the Man from Solano continued : "inen, mayne, mun, wnenever mere * » show goin' on that you'll attend, you'll jut drop me word to Earle's Hotel, to thia yer address,' and he polled from his pocket a dozen well-worn letters, and taking the buff envelope from one, handed it to her with something like a bow. .Certainly,' broke in the facetious Dash- board ; 'Misa X. goes to the Charity Ball to-morrow night. The tiokets are but a trifle to an opulent Californian, and a man of your evident means, and the object a worthy one. You will, no doubt, easily secure an invita- tion.' Miss X. raised her handsome eye) for a moment to Dashboard. ' By all means,' she said, turning to the Man from Solano ; 'and as Mr- Dashboard is one of the managers and you are a stranger, he will, of course, send you a complimentary ticket. I have known Mr. Dashboard long enough to know that he is invariably courteous to strangers and a gentleman.' She settled herself in her chair again and fixed her eyes upon the stage. The Mau from Solano thanked the Man of New York, and then, after shaking hands with everybody in the box, turnea to ? go. When he had reached the door he looked back to Miss X., and said : ' It tau one of the queerest things in the world, miss, that my budia' them checks--' But the curtain had just then risen on the garden scene in 'Faust,' and Miss X. was absorbed. The Man from Solano carefully shut the box door and retired. I followed him. He was silent until he reached the lobby, and then he said, as if renewing a previous conversation, 'She ii a mighty peart gal that's so. She's inst my kind, ana will make a stavin' good wife.' ' I thought I saw danger ahead for the Man from Solano, so I hastened to tell him that she was beset by attentions, that she oonld have her pick and choice of the bett of society, and finally, that she was, most probably, engaged to Dashboard. 'That's so,' he said quietly, without the slightest trace of feeling. 'It would be mighty queer if she wasn't But I reckon IH steer down to the ho-tel. I don't care much for thia yeDin'.' (He was alluding to a cadenza of that famous cantatrice. Signora Betti Betti.) 'What's the tune F He pulled out his watch. It was such a glaring chain, so obviously bogus, that my eyes «re faujnafeui >w {t- * ««An looking at that watch,' he said ; ' it's party to Iookst, but she don't go worth scent. And yet her ' {¡rice was $125, sold, I gobbled her up ia ; Chatham Street day before yesterday, where they were selling 'em very cheap at auction.' .You have been outrageously swindled,' I said, indignantly, ' Watch and chain are not worth twenty dollars.' ? An Uiey worth fifteen I* he asked, gravely. <PeeBiUy.' ' Then I reckon it's s f sir faade. Ye tee, I i told 'em I was a Cidifornian from Solano, and hadn't anything »boat me of greenbacks. I had three dogs with me. Ye remember them sings?* (I did; the 'slug' was a 'token' issued in the early days-a hexagonal piece of gold a little over twioe the size of a twenty dollar gold piece-worth and accepted for fifty . dollars.) 'Well, I handed them that, and they banded me the watch. You see them slugs I had made myself outer brass filings and iron Íiyrites, and need to slap 'em down on the boys or a bluff in a game ol draw poker. You see, not being reglar gov'ment money, it wasn't counterfeiting. I reckon they cost me, counting time and anxiety, about fifteen dollars. So, if this yer watch is worth that; it's about a square game, ain't it f I began to understand the Man from Solano, and sud it was. He returned his watch to his pocket, toyed playfully with his chain, and remarked, 'Kinder makes a man look faah'naUe and wealthy, don't it?' I agreed with him. 'But what do you intend to do hers f I asked, 'Well, I've got a cash capital of nigh on seven hundred dollars. I guess untilTget into reglar bolinees lil skirmish round Wall Street, and sorter lay low.' I was about to give him a few words of warning, but I remembered bis watch and desisted. We shook hands and parted. A few days after I met him on Broadway. He was attired in another new snit, but I think I saw a slight improvement in his general apocaran oe. Only fare distinct colours were visible in his attire. Bot this, I had reason to believe afterward«, was accidental I asked him if he had been to the ball. He said he had. ' That gal, and a mighty peart gal she was too, was there, but she sorter fought shy of me. I got this new snit to go in, but those waiters sorter run me into a private box, and I didn't set much chance to oontinner our talk about them checks. Bat that yoong feller, Dashboard, was mighty perlite. He brought lots of fellen and young women round to see me, and he made op a lurttr f.W nient tn tatra nu mnnA Will Sfcrsot and in them Stock Board*. And tba next day he called lor me, and took me, and I inverted about five hnndred dolían in them I too ki maybe more. Ton see, vre sorter swopped stocks. You know I had ten shares in the Peacock Capper Mine, that you was once secretary of. 'But those shares are not worth a cent. The whole thing exploded ten years ago.' ' Thafs so, maybe ; you. say so. Bot thea I didn't know anything more about Communipsw Central, or the Naphtha Gaslight Company, and so I thought it was a square game. Only 1 realised on the stocks I bought, and I kern up outer Wall Street about four hundred dollars better. You see it was a sorter risk, after all, for them Peacocks stocks might come upi' I looked into his face ; it was immeasurably i serene and commonplace. I bagante be a little ; afraid of the tuan, or, rather, of my want of ; judgement of the man ; and after a few words ' we shook hands and parted. j It was some months before I again ssw the Man from Solano. When I did, I found that he had actually become a member of the Stock Board, and had a little office on Broad Street, where he transacted a fair business. ' My remémbranos going back to tb« first night I met him, I inquired if he had renewed bis ' acquaintance with Miss X 'I heerd that she wai in Newport this summer, 1 r-., | 'And you talked with her about the baggage-oPecks 1' | "No," he said, seriously ; 'she save me a commission to buy some stocks for her. Yon see, I guess them faiVnable fallen sorter got to mnnin' her about me, and so she put our ¡ acquaintance on a square business footing. I ¡ teU you, she's a right peart sal. Bid ye near i of the accident that happened to herí' I had not ' Well, you see, she was out yachting, and I managed through one of those fellers to getan invite, too. The whole thing waa got up by a nun that they say is going to marry her. Well, one afternoon the boom swings round m t a little equaU and knacks her overboard. I There was an awful excitement,-you've heard , aboutit maybe?' . I ' No I' Bat I mir it »U with s romancer's initinot in a flash of poetry ! This poor fellow, debarred through uncouthness from expressing his affection for her, had at last found his Utting opportunity. He bad 'Thar was an awful row,'he went on. 'I ran ont on the taffrail, and there a dozen yards I away was that party creature, that peart gal, I and-I-' ' Yon jumped for her,' I said, hastily. . No !' be said gravely. ' I let the other man do the jumping. I sorter looked on.' I stared at him in astonishment. ' No,' he went on, seriously. ' He was the man who jumped-that was just then his ''put'-his line of business. Yon sse if I had waltzed over the side of that ship, and oavoorted in, and flutnmuxed round and finally flopped to tho bottom, that other man would hare jumped nateral-like and saved her ; and ez he was going to marry her any way, I don't exactly see where Fd have been represented in the transaction. But don't you see, ef, after he'd jumped and hadn't got her, he'dgone down himself, I'd have had the next best chance, and the advantage of hering him outer the way. Yon see, you don't understand me-I don't think you did in Oalifomy.* ' Then he did save her 1' 'Of course. Don't you see the was all right. If he'd missed her, I'd have chipped in. Thar warn't no sense in my doing his duty onless he failed.' Somehow the story got out The Min from Solano as a butt became more popular than ever, and of conns received invitations to burlesque receptions, and naturally met a great many people whom otherwise he would not have seen. It was observed also that his seven hundred dollars were steadily growing, and that he seemed to be getting on in his business. Certain Californian stocks which I had seen quietly interred in the old days in the tombs of their fathers were magically revived and I remember, as one who has seen a ghost: to have been shocked ai I looked over the quotations one morning to have seen the ghostly face of the ' Dead Beach Mining Co.,' rongea and plastered, looking out from the columns of the morning paper. At last a few people began to respect, or suspect, the Mm from Solano. At last, suspicion culminated with this incident : He had long expressed a wish te belong to a certain ' feah'n'ble ' club, and with a view of burlesque he waa invited to visit the dub, where a series of ridiculous entertainments wera given him, vrinding np with a card party. As I passed the steps of the club-house early next morning, I overheard two or three members tallong excitedly, 'He cleaned everybody emt' ¡'Why, he most have raked in nigh on $40,000-' 'Who fl asked. ' The Man from 8olano.' As I turned away, one of the gentlemen, a ; victim, noted for his sporting propensities, fellowed me, and laying hil hand on my ' shoulder, asked : 1 'T,?.~ Jairl? now. What business did i your mend follow m odbnli V ' He was a shepherd.' [ 'Awhatr k 'A shepherd. Tended his flocks on the hooey-scented hills of Solano.' I 'Well, all I OMI a»y ia, d-n your Californian putomi : - ?Brit Harle. 