OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. CrROJI OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) People are just now engaged m digestlug, the new Reform Bill, and trying to worfcout tho state of things which might result if it became the law of the land. As."far as the Conservatives are concerned, :they detest the Bill and its authors far more-than they did tho former bill, but the real question is as to how far the Liberals will support it.' I do not tlunlt there will be much change.iu the House, but it is a question whether there.will-not be one in the country. The real state of public feeling will probably be gauged at the West Bourke election.' West Bourke is -a pretty eveuly balanced constituency. The -election, too, will show plainly whether the Catholic vote is of the pow it is said to be. " The questions which the West Bo nrke eloction will to a great extent settle, will be—whether the Ministry are still popular, and whether the Catholic vote s can: overwhelmingly influence an election.- In regard to thismuch dreaded bugbear,. I may say that the general impression now is; that a great mistake has jeen made hy .the Catholic leaders ;m, as it.-were, taking both parties by the ttiroat at &11 vunopportune: time. • It is held that the effect: will be :to .throw the Catholics back for years- In some constituencies, however, the vote will have an important eftect,. :aud, .West :Bourke is:one of -t.hi I liear that Mr Deakm's chance is fair, but at tho same time Mr Harper stands well; and will get the important vote alluded to: Whichever way the election goes, the re suit will have a marked influence 01 .politics Theie are several important lumours abroad just now, which, though wanting confirmation, must have some giound. It is generally said that a reconstruction of, the /Ministry js. imminent, and-Mr Miraiiis is talked of as a possible Minister, while some speak of Mr Richardson Both gentlemen have worked hard foi tho lonour. It is also stated that Mi Long more will leave the Lands and lake <1 portf rtfoho in which he will have less woik. The Ld,uds Department is really a difiicult position, and no Minister will caie about taking it Mr Patterson has shown him self so capable an administrator, that he will probably be chosen Minister of Xiands should -there be a change Other changes aie mentioned as likely m connection ^ ith Mr Lalor and Mr Grant, but I do not .think.':tham''Of.i;sufficient, ^credibility dilate upon. Mr Bell, one of the m bers" for Ballarat West, takes so much interest tin the .Ministers that some say he is de facto the whip, although he js not practically recognised as such The »wflre'»lsorrumqurs"tha4r;a l ,general,electioaj is certain to take place m October, but 1 cannot r ciedit that, on the frrttmd -that members Tire not at all fond of suicide and won t move out of their warm seats foi.a trifle -When I^es a-dissolution I -Will he"Ueve it,Jjut not until-then 5 I hear on good author ty that our old fnend tho Vagabond is about to '-visit Victoria once more, and that he will * the Totah aW>at the Melbourne rhe Vagabond has sworfl a crusade the bookmakers, whomhe denoim -nates "'bejewelled -seoundrelBj" and he : fio.pes.,that the nBtrnment; in^qneation Ttilhsmasli fhem-dip TBiftwcen inm andi Joe Thompson there is arhatred of the' mpifc malignant character, and the" bitmgi pen of the one ana the bitter tongue of the other have been repeatedly used against each other. When the Tagabond lands heie we may expect wai to ihe knife. . I wonder whether the Argus will ^ allow the Vagabond to write for it again, seeing that he so thoroughly abused the colony., My own opinion is: that the ; Vagabond is played out. In Queensland he ran foul of the . Qiteem-Jtmdc)-, aud that spirited paper gave him " slops " More dismissals ! One firm on Saturday sent packing employees .representing a reduction. in wages of £200 per week. The scenes 'which took place wore of a very painful tsharacter. In one house tlie dismissals were almost entirely among the higher-paid employees; so that Mr Berry's enemies have 111 this instance followed his example. I wonder whether this dismissal, will convert the dismissed, who heretofore have been staunch Conservatives, into Liberals ? Every Liberal, who was dismissed on Black ..Wednesday became a Conservative. The theatrical world presents little novelty ]ust now, ' hut we are promised " The Sorcerer" by the author and composer .of Pmafore on Monday. I have listened; to several- rehearsals - and can speak , highly of the quality of the music and libretto. • Dr Sullivan lias a-happy knack of constructing airs which please both the musican and the gamm. I note by the London papers that these indefatigable gentleman above mentioned have got ready another operetta. It.is called " .Burglars." and deals with -the" adveu- . tures of certain gentlemen who go to a house to commit a burglary, fall in love with the daughters of the house, and ultimately find their way before a magistrate, whose ideas on burglary. &c.;, are of a refreshingly novel character. These ideas are expressed, 111 a song which report, says transcends the judge's air 111 "Trial by .Tury}" and the famous " Ruler of the Queen's liaveo" 111 Pinafore. The operetta which is 111 one act is luteuded to be produced when the London public is tired of Pinafore. At the Theatre Royal we have Mr Dalnpier again with his Jean Valjeali, that sublime—ridiculous cenception ot Victor Hugo m Les Miserables (Fantine), aud he is about to attempt Richard III. The Royal appears to be very little noticed nowadays. Tho Princess' is to let, and likely to be. At the Opera House " The Girls" are havmg.a good time of it, as they deserve. Professor Pepper is getting along pretty fairly at St. George's Hall. He has deserved that. After all the exhibition of the microscope is the most paying. The children are delighted at seeing water beetles, fleas, and the like exhibited " All alive, O !" It is really peculiar to see an insect one can hardly perceive with the naked eye jumping about on the screen and appearing a formidable creature • of 14ft in length. One cannot but reflect that similar struggles have occasionally taken place in one's internals, with a bad result for the water beetle. Really after what I have seen of water, as exhibited by the Professor's microscope, I thmk I will not be tempted to become a teetotaller, at all events, if I do 30111 those excellent persons, I will have my water boiled.—I have no wish to have the Professor's scones reproduced iu my stomach. The Professor himself is a garrulous grandfatherly old character, with a -fetish-like worship of royalty and titledom, which it is so difficult for Victorians to sympathise with or understand. He never fails to allude to tlie visits he has received from, the Queen,' &e.;, &c.; She sent him a letter enclosing £100 after witnessing his Ghost. The Professor states this " unsubstantial - shadow" brought hun In £12,000 in three months. Intelligence has been received that Mr C. Williamson has had a great access of fortune owing to a rise in Wabash shares, and may now be looked upon as a milhonaire. It will be remembered that he was heavily hit while here by the failure of the Bank of California,, and when .Flood and O'Brien,, the mammoth reefers of that State took the-bank up he got all. right again. He is on lus way to Australiaj and so is Cooper and Bailey's circus. Australia will be flooded during tho Exhibition year. This reminds me that the Exhibition is now m a very forward state and will be ready in the summer. In these dull times the Friendly Societies are much, appreciated by the working classes. I don't know whether is tho case with them all, but the secretaries of some "of the orders have informed me that the working men make strenuous efforts to keep themselves good on the books. It is iu seasons of bitter depression like the present, that all classes of people who are not raised above care by the possession of affluence, draw closer to one another, and many a man-hails. with delight the approach of lodge night as a time when he can meet his fellow man for the interchange of ideas, and the enjoyment of a social half-hour. Hard times the masses find difiicult to bear, but even they are not without their usefulness. That grand undertaking the Covent Garden' Market Company has utterly collapsed, and the foundations which were excavated are now a miniature lake. Tho reason for the failure was that no mouey was forthcoming. It was thought that •Mr W. J. Clarke would take up 1000 shares, but he didn't, and the thing lias become moribund. This is to bo regretted, as the design was really good. 