THE BERRIAD. (CONTINUED.) AND all looked forward to the journey's end With gleeful thought, although 'twas far away; And pictured soon embracing some dear friend, And secretly rehearsed what they would say. A poet said, " 'Tis distance that doth lend Enchantment to the view." Most likely they Would find the bosom friends who used to love them Grown somewhat cold—in fact a cut above them. They all were full of plans, most were buoyed up With that belief in Pate, which overflows The pleasing draught of Hope's delusive cup, And most unmans the soul for heavy woes, Which afterwards of Sorrow has to sup ; And paints in hue of rainbow or of rose, The far prospective, and rejoices over Fair, formless things it never will discover. My hero meanwhile led a life precarious In the deep recess of the hold below ; His victuals at this time were very various, For one who will not pay up, and will stow, Must take whatever sustenance is where he is ; And at the cheerful table dare not show— Though men who value life will often risk it— To get a change from that infernal biscuit. At first he fared not well, and would have gladly Jjteturned to solid earth for evermore; And when the tossing ocean used him badly, None over longed so for his native shore. His face grew sharp, and on it faintly, sadly, The blank wan hue of bilious sickness wore. His whole appearance for a funeral begged, And in his weakness he became bow-legged. I said his fare was meagre—it consisted Chiefly of ham uncooked, and now and then, When he for vegetable staple listed— O diet meet (but no—be still my pen)— He bad a kind of pulse not finely gristed, Which the Queen gives freely unto erring men. Its name is "hominy" (no doubt this last you Have often relished in the Hotel Castieau). His^mental food was ample—to avoid Too irksome thought fie readily devoured Much reading, and in this his time employed; And while he fled all classics, as a coward Flies danger, yet his soul was overjoyed, And with new feelings he was overpowered When, by the light his stolen candle made, He read the story of the hero Cade. (Not Shakspeare's, understand—a yellow volume, Such as the modern "slavey's" leisure gladdens; Whose facts, though uttered with a visage solemn, Are just about as sterling as Miss Braddon's; Or those contortions in the leading column Of certain journals, which are often sad ones ; And also, understand, among the pages Thus sullied, never can be found the Age's.) And then and there within his breast was kindled The spark that lighted him to evil fame; Which burned within him later, all undwindled, And blinded his vain eyes to honest shame, When to a country broken down and swindled, Amid a hireling few's prepaid acelaim ; Returning sated from a round of pleasure, he Made empty speeohes from an empty Treasury. This book he read o'er thrice, and from it gathered Much that he has since'.turned to good account, And many a passage to the "people " blathered Has had its being in the self-same fount On which a nation's evils may be fathered; And oft (in years now dead) when he would mount The upturned cask, I've revelled in the lark it Was to hear him mouthing in old Paddy's Market. There was a foreign sailor, named Gonzalo, 'Mid the "Adventurer's" crew—I know 1 not whence He came, but his wild features, darkly sallow, Spoke of a clime whose children are intense In all their passions; where things small and shallow, In other countries, yield stern consequence; Where maniac hatred, and fierce love unlawful Breed secret crimes and horrors, dark and awful. In choleric England, when two'people differ They make a ring, and have it out in blows, And he who of the two is proved the stiffer Grows generous, and forgives his foe or foes, And thus enjoys his little fistic tiff, or Would have enjoyed it only for his nose, Which very oft in innocence must suffer, Because at left-hand work he is a duffer. In Ireland 'tis the same, save that their dudgeon Is twice as fiery and short of life, And for the fist they substitute the bludgeon, A weapon terrible in civil strife; Its power, from experience I can judge on, As I am blessed with an emphatic wife, And once last week I got home rather late, And what came after that I needn't state. In Scotland they are slower, slow to banish Their milk of kindness, tardy to receive The sense of wrong, whose memory will vanish More slowly, for I verily believe That no Scotch nature, bona fide, clannish, Neglects o!er grievances long dead to grieve, Or ceases William Wallace from parading, Or shedding pious tears o'er.Sunday trading. But in the sunny lands of Spain or Italy, A " difference " is a very different thing ; They don't kill men with blows, but do it prettily— A bravo's silent blade, a curious ring With poisoned claws, are things to quickly settle ye, And make your new-freed spirits heavenward wing ; They have no brawling sounds of angry menace, But all is secret, as the "Ten " of Venice. 'Tis strange indeed, but lands of heavenly beauty Bring forth the vilest shapes of fallen man ; Perhaps the sun, which makes their faces sooty, Works in their hearts upon the self-same plan ; And frantic demons, like our own Te-Kooti, Nowhere abound in more profusion than Amid those jinkempt beds of tropic flowers, Where nature has put forth her fullest powers.* Gonzalo to his messmates spoke but seldom, And very seldom smiled, and never laughed; And one rough tar, as Boon as he beheld him, Called him a " d—d rum foreigneering craft." But as an A B none of them excelled him ; And so he was allowed to live unchaffed In those rough quarters, where our hearts of oak dwell- In marine nomenclature called the " folk'sle." In the noisy intervals of recreation, Snatched by his comrades from their toil or sleep, He sat aloof absorbed in meditation; And often o'er his dusky face would creep Strange twitchings of some mighty perturbation, Smouldering volcanic in his bosom's deep ; And looking gloomy as poor Adams' "Hamlet," Or the sad prince who lost the famous amulet. But sailors who have known the world, and travelled To all its shores, are seldom speculative, So they were satisfied ; not one of them e'er cavilled, Because their comrade uncommunicative Had some odd mystery about him ravelled. One summer night—I do not know the date of This deed I chronicle—my hero sleeping Was roused by a light footstep softly creeping. In terror he sat up, devoutly hoping His fancy cheated him, but 'twas not so ; He"saw a swarthy figure near him groping, Grasping a lantern, burning dull and low. It seemed an Africanus interloping Upon Ms quarters, and his heart beat slow. It could not be a ghost, 'twas fleshed and sinewed— His hair all rose at once—{To be continued). 