.THEOLDMAID'SHQLlbAY- 1 BEtOBAVIA. One murky November - afternoon Signorin# Tacchi, the singing-mistress,' set out on around to the/houses of her different pupils to tell them that she proposed totake a. holiday on the following day, and would .therefore be unable to give them their usual lesson. . It was not the busy time of year ; fashionable people wore shooting pheasants, or seeing them shot ; it was chiefly to schools that tho signorina looked for employment during the autumn, and as these lay somewhat far apart she had a long walk, and was well-nigh tired ont when she reached her lodgings at Islington, after repeating some score of times - her mechanical formula, "I was not feeling very well lately, aud I . have thought I would allow myself just one day's rest. I shall remember to deduct for w lesson when I shall have ze honour to send in my account." ; Pale, patient Signorina Tacchi, whom no one had ever 'seen. out of temper, who never scolded, who never ; complained,, who' was often in pau>, and always' tired, would scarcely havo thought it worth' while 't'o'desiBt from her labors' for four-arid- twenty hours only because she was feeling a little less strong than usual ; but the truth was that the 12th November was a day which she had observed as sacrecf during a qqartor of a contury or more of toil and struggle, an ariniverwry.Ricmorable to ber, and to licr alone ; for assuredly no out ers thinks of the dale in connoction with her, or baa done so for many years past. Tho signorina treated herself to nn extra hour of bed tlio next morning, but sho did not remain long in licr dreary littlo lodgings. By 11 o'cloea slie was on licr knees in tlio Brompton Oratory, arid before thd bourn of vesper she had found ber ivriy to tbe Chapel of tho Carmelites at Ken sington, where tho dim light, the faint odor of incense, the solemn music and tho chanting of tho unseen monks seemed to lior to givo some fore taste of that rest which slio now longed for aatw cjiie£.otallWc8Bing8i and which, as she well knew cpblffn'evpr come te, her In this world., Thusshor disposed ,of ' the brief hours of daylight, and; by. gjj . Was glad ' enotigli t reach Islington again, to' ait down to the tea and tie boiled, ngg which her landlady/ according to custom, had. got ready, for her. It does not. sound , a very cheerful way of spending a holiday, but then every one has his own tastes. « Jhe curtains'were drawn, the fire was blazing ; «oabby and scantily furnished as it was, the 'little room had something of a friendly and homelike aspect at this hour. As soon as the signorina liad eaten what she wanted — and that did not taie long— she got up,' unlocked an old leather- covered, box,' took out from it certain treasures of lier own, and, drawing bcr chair up to the blaze, sot down to dream. The real luxury of her holi day had come at last. - Some 30 years ago, there was, at the corner of the.Kazza de' Mercanti in Mi lair, a tiny shop kept by one Tacchi, who described himself, upon tilt signboard above , hjs door, as a jeweller and worker in precious metals, but who was in truth a 'dealer in old gold and stiver ornaments, bronzes, carvings, lace/ and antiquities of all kinds Wealthy, English tourists (wc were all wealthy in those days, and milordi as a matter of course, and onjoyed a consideration among hotelkeepcre and thoir satellites of which increased prices and the familiarity that breeds contempt have long since robbed us) knew the place well, and some still living may recollect tjie eager little dealer, with his shock of dishovclled grey hair and his bright black eyes, who was almost as fond of dis- phiying his wares as of selling them, and whose delight at discovering a genuino cognoscente among his customers said more for liis honesty than for his shrewdness. Poor old Tacchi ! he was' not one of those who make fortunes quickly, and shoulder their way upwards in the world. Like the rest of his countrymen he dearly loved a bargain, and, would chaffer and haggle all the sunny morning through, over the price of an intagiib or a hit of ' Luca della Robbia ware ; but his heart softened towards the appreciative and held . out against the ignorant, so that, whereas the former often- obtained the object of their desires at considerably less than its proper value, the latter, were sometimes sent empty away, declaring sulkily that Italians were all knaves, and that, after all, there was no knowing whether these so-called antiquities were genuine or not. TJijs. was not business ; but what was even worse was that when, as would sometimes happen, he was himself taken in, and led into purchasing an article which he subsequently discovered to" be worthless, this foolish old man would by no means try to make .good his loss, but. would toss the clever sham contemptuously into the- dark and dusty recesses of his shop and .think no more about it. As though the more instinct of self- preservation did not teach us to do unto others as they have done unto us, and to pass on Dick's had half-crown to Harry ! So Signor Tacchi was a poor man, alboit a con tented one. Sucli as his business was, it sufficed to clothe and feed both him and his pretty brigbt-oyed daughter, Marietta— Marietta, who was to make her own fortune, one of these fine days, by her voice, and wliom his old friend Hitsca, the famous master, was patiently educat ing for the stage, refusing all payment;- and giving up time and pains for tho sake of t Iricndship and the pure love of art — as "a true artist should, thought old Tacchi. Busca/ "to be sure, was to have a share in the spending of Marietta's money when it came in, as was but just. The tlirco had settled it rill between them in many a long twilight talk, counting their chickens before they were hatched, and deriving ns much innocent pleasure from the process as many others have done before and since. Marietta, too, was contented — as contented as a girl could be. In the tiny fifth story whore she dwelt with her father, high above the turmoil of the streets, she built her airy castles, and worked, and sang, living a life that was without a cloud, unless it were the occasional scoldings of Signor Busca, who was a hard master, and more given to blame than praise. ' Weary old Signor ina Tacchi, dreaming before her fire in the Islington lodgings, remembered it all as clearly as she remembered yesterday, and saw again" the fiat roof whither the neighbors used to come for cool air andgossip in the evenings, and the fields .of maize, and mulberry- trees, and vines that stretched away beyond the walls to- the -hill country, and tle snow,, shadowy Alps in the "far distance, and .the street beneath, with its two parallel lines of flag-stones for 'the wheels of the carriages.- Along that street, on a cloudy after noon, she had once seen old Radetzky ride, fol lowed by his staff, while the soldiers, drawn up on either side of the way/presented arms, and all the city was silent as death, mourning behind closed shutters for the black day of Novara. Those times were certainly not the most pro pitious that could have been selected for an unknown singer to make her first appearance at La Scala ; for the Milanese, naturally enough, were in the sulks with their Austrian conquerors, 11!" TTfiuld not hiro boxes for the season as usual.; waft" Austrians, not less .naturally, were out of temper w ;th Italians, and disposed to spend as little money as he in the rebellious city. Still, Signor "Busca' of opinion that' talent would force recognition, in spite of adverso circumstance, and, as he added, with great show of reason, if Marietta was. to wait until justice was done and everybody had his rights, her first song would be snug in Paradise. Every day, therefore, this prima donna in posse took her way to Signor Busca' s houso in the Contrada della Pulla, where her instructor, a burly gentleman in dressing-gown and slippers, awaited her, and, whero — happily or unhappily — there were others pupils besides herself. If anyone' had asked the singing-master whether he considered it an altogether; wise ar rangement that bio pretty proUgec should bo thrown daily into tho society of so handsome and fascinating a young fellow as Francesco Mon- tenara, lie might very possibly have answered in the negative ; but ho would doubtless have pro- : cceded to point out that dangers such as theso are inevitable in the career of a cantatrice ; that his timo was fully engaged by pupils who paid him jfghly ; that if he chose to educate a poor girl free of charge, she must not expect to have hours devoted -to her solo instruction ; and further, 'hat duets, trios, quartets and other combinations which demand moro than one voice are as much j of a public singer's education as soIob. | oy> liowevor, did put the question ; and rrancesco, the heir to tho title and estates of the ? ; if?8.0 Montennra, sang tenor to tho soprano o|Marietta, tho jeweller's daughter, sometimes rea4")S from tho same score with her, without giving rise to any unpleasant remarks or 'uspieions. - ®l6ca> good man, was too intent upon perfect- re the work ho hud taken in hand, to speculate Mn any sentimental side-issues : ho threw him- j "J"-.0 it heart and soul, like the short-sighted, i enthugiust that he was : and it has ready hinted that his mode of tcaching'did pi err on the sido of gentleness.. To tho Conte uii'utwii'9 f that stamp lie 4 "e civil enough, not thinking it worLh whilo >to farsi eattivo' sangue, as he said, over tho I failures of rick folks, who only cultivatedtKeir voices to amuso -themselves : but a - mistake on the part of Marietta Tacchi, whose destiny it-was to use the gift of <3od in earning bread for hqrself and reflected glory for her friends, was quite another matter, and we may be sure that that young person did not utter a false note without bearing of it. Bignor Busca did not mean , to bully ; but when his pupil disappointed him/ ho hada way of shouti .g at her in his tremendous bass voice which was certainly rather alarming ; and the epithets which he employed at such times were apt to be chosen with a- view rather to force than elegance. It was this propensity of his that brought about an unexpected little scene one fine morning. - - — v Oh chc sciocca ! oh che sciocca I the profes sor was bawling, as he strode up and down, the room, waving nis huge drins about, while tho delinquent gazed 'at; him with wide-opened eyes, in which a suspicion of moistnre was beginning to show itself. Ho, stamped and scolded &na; raved till his breath gave out; and then young : ; Montonara, who, as it liapponcd, was the only other person- present, came forward, and said quite quietly : . ." Excuse.ine, signore, but in your, excitement you have made use of expressions which should never bo addressed to" a lady. Now that you arc more calm, you will, I am sure, feel no hesita tion about withdrawing your words, and apologis ing for them." Busca started, reddened, looked from one pupil to the other, and finally stammered out an apology, which Marietta, alarmed and contrite, hastened to cut short. The remainder of the lesson passed off peaceably, if u little awkwardly ; but when it was over the professor begged for a few words in private with the young Count. "Signor Conte," said lie, as soon as. tho door hail closed behind Marietta, " you rebuked, mo just now, rightly enough, I daro say ; permitmc, on my side, to speak a word of warning to you. I am not blind ; and when I seo a young man in your rank of lifo making himself tho champion of a girl in hers, I know what is coming. Signor Conte, it will not do. You must seek elsewnerc for your amusements. In her father's absence, I am responsible for Marietta Tacchi ; and if any harm camq to hcrr— " . " Harm !" interrupted the other indignantly ; " you forget yourself; Signer Busca. You mean well, perhaps ; but you forget yourself. I have never given you the right to suppose ' that I could act towards Signorina Tacchi or think of her with anything but tho profoundost reBpeet. VYewill not pursue the subject any further, 'if you please. Good morning." And with that, Signor Francesco mado a low and exceedingly dignified bow, and took himself off. Busca was reassured. How, indeed, was he to suspect that this young aristocrat, whose ances- torr had lorded it in Milan for six centuries, pro fessed republican principles, if you pleasoy be lieved in the equality of all men, and actually contemplated nothing less tlian a marriago with the low-born Marietta ? But so it.waa... Fran cesco's father, the old Conte di Montcnara, used to roar with laughter over his son's philanthropic schemes; which ne thought the best 'joke in tlio world. " Come, Francesco," he wonld sometimes say, "I am an -old man, and managing a large property is very troublesome, and my people cheat mo right and left. I am half inclined to abdi cate. If I transfer the whole of my laud to you, i.a-1 retire to live in peace and quietness in tho town, as I declare I should like to do, will you chop it all up into allotments and divide it among the tillers of the soil, as the rights of humanity demand ? Now, there is a fair offor for you : what do you say to it ?" To which Francesco- would gravely roply that the times were not yet ripe for such sweeping reforms as theso. But although the old gentleman could afford to speak lightly of theories which were not in the least likely to be ever carried into practice, he would have adopted a very different tone in treating of a matter so clearly within the range of possibilities as a plebeian . alliance ;; and. Francesco, being aware of this, took very good caro -not to men tion Signorina Tuc'cbi's name in his father's presr ence. Nor, indeed, was lie much less reticent to wards the young lady herself. He was over head and earn in love ; but he would not declare his passion, nor. even hint at it, being withheld partly by the knowledge that a distant prospect of marriage was all that he could offer, and partly by a becoming modesty which forced him. to con- , fess that he had as yet no grounds at all for sup posing his sentiments, tp be reciprocated.- ' It neod hardly be said, however, that there came a timo when silence was no longer possible; and probably Marietta was riot very mucli taken by surprise when at last Francesco delivered him self of the stupendous announcement, " Marietta, I love you !" It was an exquisite evening in the end of May. The last glow of sunset was fading out of the Western sky; the hells wereringiiig the Ave Maria ; the fresh green leaves were whispering under a northerly. Breeze, and a faint odor was rising from the deserted Griardirio Puhhlico, whi ther these two foolish people had wandered for . .their evening walk, and where, of course, by the merest chance, they had encountered one another. One of them never forgot that peaceful scene to her dying day, nor failed to recall every detail of it at will, nor could ever smell the scent of lilacs in spring without tears rising into her eyes. Francesco mio ! she murmured. And any-, one may fill up the remainder of the interview as histaste and fancy may dictate to him. Dialogues of this nature, which are so full of beauty and novelty to tho cars of those who take part in them arc apt to road u trifle flat; and as for tho sorrows of true lovers separated by an unfor tunate disparity of birth or fortune, have we not -riO'/ed over them in a thousand romances, sus tained the while by a comforting conviction that all will assureuiy en<UC right in the long run, either by mcanB of everybody tvuisfi gut ti ts somebody else, or by another equally ingentcas device ? Only there are some love-teles — a good many, perhaps — which don't end in this way ; and these are soldom told, or oven romembercd, un less it be by sorao sentimental old maid, like our singing-mistress of Islington ; for it is an instinct of human nature to abhor incompleteness. Francesco and Mariett a, however, as they paced to and fro in that Mny twilight of the year 1819, had no notion of allowing their love to perish un timely, or of yielding to tho conventional ohr stacks which clearly enough lay before them. They were sure of being true to one another— being too young to have learnt that in this world there is no such tiring as certitude— and, that being so, all that seemed requisite was pa tience. Fationce, and also, no doubt, a littlo caution- Francesco insisted strongly upon the latter point. His was one of thoso natures which prefer out-flanking difficulties to conquering them ; and a clandestine marriage, with its in evitable consequences, appeared to him a risk too great to ho undertaken. They must wait for more propitious times, ho said,- and for tho pre sent mast keep thoir attachment a profound so t-ret- ; and Marietta, though sho hated conceal ments, and could not bear the thought of de ceiving her father, was fain to admit. tho forco of his arguments. All she asked was to bo per mitted to see her lover from timo to timo ; and it-will.bo readily. -beliovcd -that no objections were brought forward iu answer to that re- quest. _ . . , ; ; By means of cunningly devised stratagems tlio newly-betrothed pair contrived to moot pretty froquently, and when they were alone together — when they wamlored under : tho stars in "the Giardtno 1'uhblieo, or sal ntnoon-tido in ono of the shady orchards which, in thoso days, occn- pie a largo-pnrt of the space between tho-ramv paris-aiid thb; town, all Marietta's 'misgivirig»' vanished like Alpine mistsundcr the sun, Thetri shoTcmcuibered only that sho was loved — and most devotedly loved, if passionate words vwere' to.cpujitfor anything— by the orie!who was'-diaf-iSji to ber than all tho world ; the present wa8 pejr| fect blias, "arid as- regarded the future, nothing" ; seemed impossible. But the lovers did not -talk- much! of their prospects at 'such times. Thesubx; ject was a disagreeable one, bristling witb-'psr-v plexitios and uncertainties, and they avoided it; as some people avoid the subject of health, - as! others avoid that of money, and as nearly all avoid that of t.he next world. When the spring had passed away and tho first thunderstorms of summer- bad broken, the. old Conte di Montenara, grumbling a little, began to make preparations for leaving the sunny rooms of the Palazzo where he dwelt' from November' to June, and tho cafii that he loved, and the faded Marchesa to whom he had been- devoted for a matter of five-and-twenty years— and betaking lmnself . to .' a tumble-down' castlo upon the southern shore of the Lago diGarda, where, from time immemorial, the nead of tho family had been accustomed to pasSat least four months of the year.- A country life was excessively distaste ful to him, but he probably consoled himself with the reflection that noblesse oblige. Less impor tant personages inight escape with a" month Of . villeggiatura in the spring and another in the autumn ; but a Conte di Montcnara could no more consult his own wishes than a reigning sovereign, and was equally hound to reside among his faith ful ' people. So, ono sunny morning, the old .gentleman rolled through the Porta Oricntale in ui3 cumbrous travelling-carriage, followed by his fourgons, his horses, his valet, his French cook' and the rest of his train, to the admiration of all who could sec him through the clouds of dnst he' raised; and jf anybody missed him, it could only have bccn-his tradespeople and the mature Mar chesa above mentioned. The heir-apparent re mained at Milan to prosocute bis musical studies; or_ to. amuse himself in'any other manner that r might seem good to him ; liberty being the un- questioned prerogative of heirs-apparent. Then . it was that the prudent Signor Francesco was. to : be seen continually, in all sorts of places, witka little dark- haired lady by his side. Busca and Tacchi, busy bees who never left the hive tall ! evening, did not encounter this couple; but where - is there an Italian city in which drones do not predominate ? and these, of whom there was no lack in Milan, soon knew all about it. Patriotic drones, republican for the most part, who adored young Montenara for the sake of his advanced ideas, thoy laughed good-naturedly over his love affair,, and chatted about it a little amongst them selves, but kept their own counsel, and were caroful not to spoil sport. Francesco with his nose in the air, and his five wits gone wool-gather ing, never heeded them ; nor did Marietta, who had no eyes save for her companion, nor any fear of detection now that the formidable Conte was far away, and her father was safe at home among his dusty treasurers. What days they were, thoso summer days of 18-19 ! To wako up with the earliest glimmer of morning, when the air was fresh, and the lights clear and pearly, and the water-carriers and fruit- carriers were beginning to stir in the streets he- low— to wake, and think of all the golden hours to come ; to escape from Signor Busca's darkened rooms in the hot noonday, when all tho world was taking its siesta, and in some bine shadow of the Duomo to meet Francesco and whisper im portant secrets to him, glancing to right and left, the while, in pretended fear of being over heard — fear that was only pretended, for the very dogs were asleep ; to steal out at evening, beyond the city walls and the sound of the church bells, to a certain spot beneath, a spreading ilex, ana there to listen for the thousandth time to vows which somehow always sounded fresh — if this were not happiness, what can happiness be ? And if five months of such bliss bo not a fair allow ance, why, the world must ho a better placo to live in than is commonly supposed It was in the month of September that Marietta, coming home late one evening, was a good deal startled at being met by her father with the an nouncement, " My child, I am going to send-you away from me for three weeks !" " What for ?" she ejaculated faintly. "What for? Why, to give you a sight" of green fields and a mouthful of fresh air, to be sure. One requires sucli things when one - is young. It was only yesterday that I was think ing how pale and tired you. looked, and wishing that -it were possible to get you away from these stifling streets for a time; and this even ing, juBt'as if the blessed saints had heard me, lo and behold ! there comes a letter from my cousin Marco Tacchi — yon remember Marco, the jeweller, who spent a few days with us last win ter, and- whom I flatter myself I was able to put in the way of, a good bargainor twa?— a letter from Marco, begging ns to go and stay with him and his wife until the eool weather. Now, that I call a very kind and neighborly offer, and it shows that a little attention to others is never thrown away.- For myself, of course, it is impossible. to take advantage of it. I cannot' leave my busi ness ; and besides, I am old, and the air of Milan does as well for me as any other. But yoo, Marietta mia, who have never seen the mountains, except like clouds in the distance, and have no idea of. what the bine water of a lake is like than yon have of chalets and Alpine roses — what, a treat this will be for yon !" " A treat !" echoed poor Marietta in dismay, not knowing how to escape from the very thing she had so often sighed for. " But Signor Busca will never allow me to interrupt my lessons," she added hastily, remembering with joy that she too had a trade which could not be neglected. " Chc, che / Busca is a man of common sense; be knows that everyone works better after a rest,- and that to have a strong voice you must have jood. I "''di speak 1 will speak to him myself." " And Marietta, not venturing upon further rc- sistailce, went up to her room, prayed heartily that Signor Busca might prove obdurate, and never slept a wink all the night through. Francesco, when ho heard the news — as wemay be sure he did, the first thing in the morning — burst out laughing at the dolorous voice in winch- it was communicated to bim. " Mhy, you little goose," he cried. " don't you see that this is a picco of good. fortune sent to us straight from heaven ? Of course you will go to Orta ; and of course I shall go too ; anil wc will sit all day to gether in the cliesnut-woods, and I shall take you out in a. boat on the lake in tho evenings, and thero will bo nobody to spy upon us, and wc shall be happier than we have cvor been in our lives before. What a stroke of luck !" After this, Marietta was ready to entreat Sig nor Busca upon lior knees to sanction lier departure ; and, indeed, she was very nearly hav ing to adopt that humiliating posture before she carried her point. Busca pished and pshawed.- vowed tho tiring was out of the question, ana refused for a long time to listen to either sup plication or argmncut ; but at length ho allowed iris objections to bo overruled ono by ono ; and Marietta, upon solemnly promising to practise sealcs and cxeVcises for at least two hours every ,day during her absence, was permitted to climb into tho Sexto Caleade, diligence, for which placo Signor Francesco, travelling eettnrino, had started some hours before. The last thirty years, as everybody knows, had wrought a' vri'Rt ehnngo in hll the cities of Europe. Immense sums of money , have been spent; and great improvements have been effected. : Street architecture and landscape gardening hay o taken a fresh departure ; sanitary science aad typteid fever bare stepped gaily forward, hand-in-bapd ; Paris and Vienna have been, so to speak, rebuilt ; . while in our beloved capital we are able to point with pride to underground railways; Thames Em- /bankmcnts, Albert Memorials.. Bteam rollers, traitowayBj.and many other .delightful evidences of the -advance of civilisation and art. But the 'Broom of Progress, which has. swept the -busier parts of the world so'Tuthlcssly.clcan, has.notas jrct.jP.cnotratod iqto sundry- out-of-the-way cor- neKi,' " such- as;Orta ; and if Signcrina Tacchi could have revisited that quaint-little town in the .flesh instead of in tho spirit, she would -have found it slightly altered from what it was on the warm Septetnbor evening wheti she had entered within its walls -for tho tirsi timc, and when her cousin Marco had come running . in his shirt sleeves to' welcome her, followed by his fat wifo and his troop of sun-burnt, blaek:eyed children. The streets aro still narrow arid dark. From the topmost stories of the' overhanging houses, oppo site neighbors stil lean out of window and shriek atone another in their. nasal-Italiaii 'voices. From timo to time a slow .procession -.of priests, in gorgeous vestments, attended by banners and .guttering candles arid'' swinging censers, still wends its way towahlstho Monte Sacio, while the bystanders uncover their heads and devoutly drop upon their! -knees at tho , sound of the tinkling bell that precedes tho, host. The chil dren still play in th gutter among the cabbage- stalks and potato-pe'ofirigs arid other odds and ends which are throwri out, as a matter of course, from cither sido of tho way,- and lie there until such time as it shall pleaso the scavenger to , come and removo them. ..They are. not the same children, nor the same cabbage-stalks, to bo sure, and there is a strange name over the little Bhop where good-natured old Marco, who has gone to his rest, this many a long day, used to sell earrings and pins for the hair and what not ; but these are changes . which it requires a close scrutiny to detect ; and in all essentials life in Orta sleeps on just as of old. There is a southern warmtfi of coloring, a pleasant southern indolence, about some of these Piedmontcsc towns which contrastsoddly enough with the Alpine scenery that lies so close to them. Little Orta. hemmed in between water and mountains, has something very like its counter parts on tho Riviera and the Gulf of Salerno. Dark-eyed women wash their linen in tfie lake ; bare-legged fishermen lounge before the open doors where dusty oleanders stand in tubs ; in tho gardens along the shore pomegranate and orange, aloe and cactus flourish ; but iB you will stroll up through the Spanish-cnesnut woodB that clothe the slopes, you will soon find yourself among pastures as green as those of Switzerland, and an hour or so of gentle walking will lead you ; into a scene of bare rocks, morasses, and shaly .summits in which you may with perfect facility be overtaken by a drifting mist and lose yourself. To Marietta, born and bred on the Lombard plains, all this was like a realised vision. Later in life she looked upon the bay of ' Naples by moonlight, and tho Alps at sunrise, and many other world-famed scenes, but none of them seemed to her to compare with the Lago d'Orta, and in all she detected a something wanting — which something, it may be plausibly con jectured, was the figure of Francesco in the fore ground. The young Count, wisely deeming it best to avoid needless mysteries, 'went boldly to the jeweller's shop, and introduced himself as Signor Montenara, a fellow pupil of Signorina Tacchi's, to the unsuspecting couple, by whom lie was cor dially received. That he and Marietta should like to take an occasional walk together appeared to them only natutal ; perhaps they have even fancied they were greeting a future second . cousin in tlio person of this young man, whose . renowned surname was wholly unkncra n to them; but tlicy little suspected how frequent those . walks wsre and what words were spoken in the course _ of them. Had anyone overheard the words in question, lie would not perhaps have been much impressed by their novelty or eloquence ; nor shall they be set down here. What passed between Francesco and Marietta could interest themselves alone ; and if the latter, even after the lapse of so many years, could pass something like a happy hour in re capitulating conversations! ont of , wliicli the moaning had long' since died, lot us riotgrudgs her so harmless a pleasure,' while declining to par ticipate in it. ' Tho little old maidj lying back in lier arm chair, with her eyes closed, looks really almost pretty, as Her thoughts go back into the past. The lines fade out of her careworn, sallow face; a happy smile dawns upon her lips ; thero is actually tho ghost of a dimple in .one of her cheeks. She is no longer in hard, dismal, matter- of-fact London ; she is back on the shores of the Lago d'Orta, and the slant rays of . the sinking sun are streaming across the mountain-side upon \- the glassy water and the tiny Isola San Giulio, with its cluster of houses and its old church j the leaves, of the Spanish-chesnnts are lightly stirred ; by the evening beceze ; a far-away, slumberous . hum rises from the town below ; and it is Fran- i. cesco's voice, soft and clear as of old, that mur murs, " Marietta, rnia, time can never change . onr love." "Will it not?" cries the girl, seized with a sudden fear, and clasping her hands tightly round her lover's arm. " Are you sure that it will not? We don't know what may becoming ; we maybe separated for months, perhaps for years. Promise me, Francesco, promise me that, whatever hap pens, you will ntver forget me ?" And Francesco, turning his eye full upon hers, answers gravely, " I promise." (To BK CoNTIKUBD.) A meeting of the provisional committee of the Grand North- western Canal shareholders was held at Stutts's Hotel on Monday. 'X'lie meeting was a largo one, and much importer business was done. The secre tary, Mr. M'Colt, Presented the correspon dence, and made a progrsw report as to what had been done since last meeting. In terviews had taken place bctwoen members of the committee and members of the Govern ment, and he was in a position to state, al though he had not their official authority, that the Government were prepared to aid the com pany in carrying out their designs. Ho had been assured by the Government that surveys of the route ahould be made at once. All docu ments connected with the scheme were in tho hands of the Government printer, and proofs of sumo were placed before the meeting. Peti " tions in support of tho project from all parts of the colony were laid on the table. It was resolved, on the motion of Messrs. Cornish and Turner, that Mr. B. G. Daviea, MH!i.An be askod to present the memorial to Parliament. A, resolution- was also carried appointing Messrs. Cornish, Dods, M'Causlauil, Bean- ehamp, M'Coll, Davis aud Tytliarleigh a com mittee to prepare the petition for presentation. It was proposed and carried that a list of share holders should bo presented at hext meeUug, with a statement of the actual position of cam shareholder in regard to tho company. A resolution was carried instructing the secretary to provide receipt books for various collectors, with power ! to sell promoters shares, the scrip .lor same to bo issued by the secretary ori handing him the receipts for same- A vote of thanks to the cli&irmau;, Mr. Tytherleigh, terminated the proceedings. 