THE PEERYBI W OLE PAPERS. That will be a funny indictment against the two men who robbed the bank at Lance-, field when it comes to be read before the srand jury. It will be a new thing in charges altogether. Only fancy charging two men with " robbery under empty pipe- cases/' It is certainly not a capital offence, but t is a capital idea on the part of the men who bailed up the bank. . But while it shows a lot of smartness on the part of the robbers, what shall be said of the plucky fellow who had to defend the bank property ? That he should permit a youngster like Bray to secure all the spare coin in the bank, while a revolver was lying ready-loaded close to his hand, does evince a species of cowardice which is not in accord with the modern ideas of British pluck. I am inclined to think that the bank directors will not increase Mr. Morrison's salary for his gallant effort. "What's in a name?", One often hears the saying. Well, according to an old friend of mine, there is a great deal in it. A few doors from where I live, there has been a little addition to the family circle in the s hape of a boy. There's been a lot of trouble in fixing on the young squaller's name ; and while the mother wanted to call him simple John, the father has insisted on something "tali." He has been christened Stanley Gordon Blennerhassefcte. It's swell, isn't it ? I asked the father why he had selected such an aristocratic string of names, and his reply took my fancy immensely. "Look here, old man," said he ; " if that lad of mine should grow up, and if, in growing up, he should ever get tight, no bench of magistrates in the world would ever commit him for drunken" ness. Only fancy the Bench asking the prisoner's name, and the sergeant giving it as Stanley Gordon Blennerhassette De Vere Montague. Why, there isn't a beak as sits that could fine a man for being screwed with a name like that." I quite agreed with my friend De Vere Montague, and resolved that, if ever the Peerybiugle family should be added to in the male line, the addition should be a Blennerhassette. It is a splendid safe guard against "five shillings aud take him away." From a paper I got by mail from the " ould dart " the other day, I see that the people at home expected that the great friend of the working-man would be knighted. It was rumoured that he had been offered the distinction, and, according to the Home News, the Premier has accepted the title, for I read that the P. and 0. mail contract was signed by &r; Graham Berry. On the prin ciple that .there is never any smoke without a little fire, I presume that there must be some thing in thus dubbing the Chief Secretary a knight. f It is singular how little provocation it requires to cause a man to rush into poetry. There are some fellows who imagine them selves heaven-born poets. There's a friend of mine in Sydney who has been jerking out a little poem on the captain of a cricketing team. He has forwarded it to me, as a sample of what he can do, and, if approved of, premises more in the same strain. Here are two verses, which will warrant me in marking the contribution — " Declined with thanks "— ' Although tliy task was most severe, And numbers on thee presced, Thou didst not Bhrink when tliey drew near, Nor when by sickness most oppress. And. when you die mayst thou behind You leave sn everlasting name, 80 that in death thou mayst remind Us of our glorious chieftain's fame. The captain's task was, no doubt, " most severe," but it wasn't a circumstance com pared with the. task of wading through my dear friend's poetic effusion. Regarding the " situation," I hear that there is likely to be a rumpus within the next few days. Already there are signs of dissatisfaction among the cringing fellows who have been hanging onto Mr. Berry's coat-tails. The rats always leave a sinking ship ; so it is with the Ministerial leeches who have been sucking the blood of those in power. One by one they are leaving their chief, and are looking out for some one else on whom to kitten. Yes ; ratting is the rder of the day just now. Ananias, finding that there is a strong probability of a change has commenced to grind out a tune with variations on his subsidised organ. : Like Ballarat Joe, he is getting some fresh barrels " for the instrument, containing all the very latest improvements. That was a rum sort of performance at the Academy of Music the other night. A mate of mine, who went to see it, told me it was called " Hamlet by the Rooshians." I never had the leaire of thfe late lamented Mr. but I have a suffi cient knowledge tff , his high character to be ahje to statg that.he wouldn't care to be personated by Rooshians. Poor Hamlet I . T I v . . I Every blessed fellow who can yell out — i£ -JdiGTe J.. Aba,.4ia, ha 1 aud then I wriggle off a stage at the second left entrance, fancies he can play your rdls, my ancient prince ! I feel for you. It must be terribly rough upon yOu when perched up in Bpirit land — that is, provided that spirit land is "up" — to see and hear these pro fessionals, and amateurs more particularly, floundering through your character. From Irving to the Rooshians is a terrible drop. Talking of Hamlets, I think the most amusing amateur performance I ever ? witnessed was in connection with this very play. The gentleman who portrayed, or rather attempted to do the ghost, was a most estimable fellow, but he was obliged to raise his courage in the same manner as the Dutchmen do. Yes, poor chap ; it is an unde niable fact that no ghost was ever so nervous as my friend, until he had put away about ten pints of beer, and then a livelier ghost never strutted the boards. On the oc casion I allude to he was particularly " courageous in fact, so much so that ia one of the scenes he leant forward near the footlights, and over-balancing himselfi landed head- first through the big drum. Before performing this very unghostly feat, he enquired in broken accents — " Are there no Brish shpirits preshent ?" and then he disappeared as related. To say that the house laughed would be untrue; it simply yelled, and .was positively convulsed, when Hamlet and the Queen, assisted by Polonius and the King, collared the ghost by hig heels and dragged him out of the drum. It was an immense performance, and, as you reparters put it, " heartily appreciated by a numerous audience." There has been some considerable talk in the Assembly lately in reference to in: toxicated persons being allowed to travel in railway carriages. Mr. Woods stated that some of the officers at the Prince's Bridge station had been warned that if they allowed this practice to continue they (the officers) would be removed to some other station. Now, this is quite right and proper. I don't know anything more annoying than being shut up in a vehicle with a drunken fellow, and I am very pleased indeed to find that this nuisance, which is not an uncommon one on our suburban lines, is to be prevented. But there is one thing which should have been elicited while the matter was being discussed in the Assembly. Doos this warning apply to Ministers ? The following, which appears in a Geelong paper, is worth reproducing, more particu larly as the incident is founded on fact : — " ' Ma ! Ma I look here !' said a little girl, as she gfizad into the window of Mr. Franks's shop, and observed the medallion portraits of the Embassy triumvirate ; I know who those three ugly old men are.' Do you, my love?' said mama; 'pray who are they?' 'Why, dear mama, the first is Mr. Black Wednesday, the man that yon always say rained papa. The next one is Mr. Berry, aid the other is Mr. Gately, a very nice old gentleman, and a thorough Liberal, so Johnny told me.' Exeunt mama and little girl." Who will say now that the rising generation does not take an interest in politics ? JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 