THE DEAN'S DAUGHTEER. (Continued from our last). Tnus two years passed-years of unmingled happiness to us both; for, in spite of poverty, we were each so happy in the other that the small self.denials and exertions we were compelled to make we scarcely felt when shared together. Carl was now a proficient on the instrument he so fondly loved, and was able to be of some service to Herr Bader in teaching soma of his junior pupils. He was ofien permitt"d now, through the influence of.his master, to play on the fine organ of the Church of the Holy Ghost, one of the finest churches in Nuremberg. One sunny afternoon in early spring Carl asked me to come to the church to hear a voluntary he had just completed. I was attentively listening, when two strangers came in-one an English ecclesiastic, of middle age, and the other a fair young girl, I looked at them with interest, as English people always possessed a peculiar charm for me. ,?The young lady approached me. " Can;you inform-me," she asked,-in a sweet, clear voice,. "who it is that is playing ob-magnificently on~ theorgan? My father says he has not heard such fine playing for years." I told her that the player was my brother, Carl Rosenthal. She thanked me courteously, and drew her father half aside, speaking earnestly to him, and he looked half amused at her eager face. Presently Carl came for me; and, as we stood together, discussing the merits I of his new composition, the strangers again spoke to us, and after a short conversation, they asked permission to call on us the following day. They said they were visiting Nuremberg, and they wished to see us again before their departure. Carl seemed much impressed with the circumstance; for, in our quiet life, the appearance of a stranger was most unusual. The next morning Doctor and Miss Mowbray called on us. Ida Mowbray was then about eighteen years of age; she was the fairest and most beautiful girl my eyes had ever beheld. The perfect symmetry of her face and form were all the most severe critic could desire, and the gentle glance of the t trustful blue eyes won my heart at once. Doctor Mowbray spoke principally to Carl; he questioned him in the most kindly manner concerning his know ledge of music, and then, turning to me, he said " I must tell you, Miss Rosenthal, the chief object of my visit to you. The Cathedral in England of which I am the Dean is noted for the beauty of its musical services, and for its superb organ; the present organist, who has a played there for many years, is now feeling the approach of old age, and at I times he sorely needs an assistant. I was so miuc': struck with your brother's h playing ys:erday that I resolved to invite him to compete for the post of E assistant organist at the Cathedral. If he is willing to do so, he will be obliged to visit England, to compete with I others; and, permit me to say, all travelling expenses will be defrayed." I felt, at first, overwhelmed by this offer, but a glance at Carl's face decided me. " You are very good, sir. It would, of course, be a trial to leave our native land; but we have no ties, save those of memory, to keep us here, and Carl ought not to reject such an opportunity as you have given him, and for which, even if he should not be successful, you t will have our lasting gratitude." After some further information, and particulars as to the journey, Doctor t Mowbray left Carl a sum of money to defray his expenses to Ehgland. "Ah, Herr Carl," he said, smiling, i "it is not I you must thank, but my daughter; for it was she who first I suggested the idea to me."' Carl bowed low over her outstretched i hand, stammered some words of thanks, and we parted from our new friends with sinceere regret. The next few days were full of the bustle of departure. Carl decided to I leave me in Nuremberg during his absence; and, if successful, he would at once send for me to join him in England. The next week Iparted from my boy for the first time; but my heart was so full of hope for him that I did not feel the pang of separation as keenly as I might otherwise have done. A visit from our good old friend, Herr Bader, raised my hopes still higher. "Your brother, Friiulein, has first rate talent-indeed he is a genius--and never among my pupils have I found one with so much promise. Take heart and do not fear." About a week after Carl's departure a foreign letter was placed in my hand. With trembling fingers I broke the seal; the contents ran as follows: "?Victory ! My dearest sister, your Carl is chosen! The trial was long and severe, and there were many competi tors; but at the termination, our good Dean informed me that one and all of the judges had given their opinion that I was the fittest for the post. Heaven be thanked! Now, my dearest, come to me at once, and let me taste the sweets of trying to show my gratitude for the years of love and devotion you have spent for me." Our new home was a small but comfortable house close to the beautiful Cathedral; the windows of our sitting room looked on a grey-stone archway, rich in ancient carving of fanciful design and those windows were kept constantly filled with fresh flowers by the kind hands of Ida Mowbray-for the Dean's daughter seemed to have taken us and our interests completely into her gentle keeping, and I loved her as I might have loved a sister. Her kindness to us was unvarying, and she would make Carl tell her over and over again the strange tale of his infancy. She came in one morning looking radiantly beautiful, her blue eyes bright as sapphires. "Gretchen," she cried, eagerly, "it will be my birthday next week, and I am to have a sort of gardenfete' and music in the evening. You and Mr. Carl will come, will you not?" "You are very good, Miss- Ida, and your wishes are our law, but will you wish your English friends to meet us?" he inquired, somewhat shyly. The girl's head was raised half haughtily. "My English friends, Mr. Carl, may be proud to know my German ones; I invite only those whom I most esteem." Not a word further was said on the subject, and Ida began to talk over her plans for the eventful day. When she had left us, Carl began at once to discuss what would be the most fitting offering for us to make her on her birthday. Each proposal I made hl rejected with a petulance most unusual to him, until at last I said " Well, Carl, nothing I can think of pleases you, so you must choose for yourself." '"Forgive me, Gretchen, if I seem capricious, but nothing seems worthy of her." He spoke as he had never spoken before, and I could not quite understand him. The eventful day at last arrived, fair and sunny as the happy girl whose birthday it was. Carl and I were the first arrivals at the Deanery. -'Never had Ida looked more beautiful. Dressed in flowing robes of the pures white, with a picturesque hat, and pale blue ribbons fastened lightly in her sunny hair, she was the personification of grace and girlish beauty. On her neck she wore the delicate silver cross we had given her. She stood talking with us for few moments, till a carriage laden with fresh arrivals came up, and .then, taking Carl's arm, I made my way to the velvet lawn and gardens, which were then in their fullest summer beauty. As the guests poured in we amused ourselves with the-to us-novel scene. Presently I noticed Carl's brow darken, and his eyes flash fire. I glanced in the direction in which he was looking, and saw Ida leaning on the arm of a tall and handsome man some years her senior, who was regarding her with evident admiration, while she laughed and chatted at his side. Isaid nothing to Carl, but my heart misgave me-I knew not why-from a strange presenti ment of coming evil. Ida flitted in and out among her guests like a gay butterfly, as she invited them to enter the house, where a collation was spread. In the evening Carl played, surpassing even himself in the beauty of his performance; his delighted audience would not permit him to leave the instrument till he had gratified them several times, and I, from my quiet corner, saw and heard all with proud delight. Then Ida sang a. duet with Sir Gerald Marchmont, her companion in the garden; after this duet Ida sang alone. Carl would play no more, and we left early, as he seemed anxious to get home. Some days passed before I saw Ida again, and then she was strangely shy and embarrassed. Just as she was leaving me she said, hastily " Oh, Gretchen, I came to tell you how happy I am! I uwi going to be married to Sir Gerald Marcbmont. Kiss me, Gretchen, and tell me you are glad." I kissed her cordially, and congratu lated her on her happiness. "But, Ida," I added, "I am very selfish, I fear-I could almost wish you were not going away, for we shall miss you sadly. And what will the Dean do without you?" "Oh," she replied, "papa says he will not quite give me up, for March mont Hall is not far off, and we shall be often together." When Carl came in from the afternoon service, I told him the news. His face turned white as death; and never, to my dying day, can I forget the look of agony on my poor boy's face as he turned and fled from the house. I was sitting alone in the twilight, by the open window, when Carl came in; he sank at my feet like a tired child, and laid his head on my lap, as he had been used to do in his boyish days. I placed my cool hand on his brow it burned like fire. " Oh, Gretchen," he burst out, "why did we ever leave our own old home? But I am childish, for I have been a vain fool-a vain daring fool. Heaven help me, Gretchen, for I loved her as my life, and never thought of the future -the impassable gulf between us. I loved her, and now all is lost!" " Carl, my own beloved Carl," Isaid, with bitter tears, "you have no cause for self-reproach; your love is pure and true, and none can blame you for loving her. But since it may not, cannot be, take heart, my Carl, and bear your grief as a noble man should, and as I am sure you will." SHe sat long at my feet, and, when it grew quite dark, he rose, and, kissing me gently, went to his room. I saw by his face next morning that little sleep had -come to him that night -dark lines were round his eyes, and his month had a droop of quiet sadness that it went to my heart to see. All that summer he performed his duties as usualin training the choir and playing the organ whenever the old organist's delicate health prevented his doing so. But the spring and nerve of his young life were gone, and I watched him struggling with his depression with an aching heart. When autumn came his health began to fail, and in terror I sought the best medical advice I could procure. The physician said that some mental distress was weighing on his mind, and was beginning to tell on a frame never robust; he told me I must try to keep him cheerful. I smiled sadly to myself. How could I sweeten the waters when the poison lay in the fountain-head? I tried after this to amuse him and to raise his thoughts to other and better things, and once even ventured to speak of Ida. He heard me gently and even responded, but, when I mentioned her name, he started up as if stung by a lash. All through that long winter he was every day at his post in the Cathedral in the coldest weather. "Let me go, dear," he would say; "do not deprive me of my greatest enjoyment;" so I sought no more to detain him. The time now approached for the marriage of Sir Gerald Marchmdnt and Ida Mowbray. It was to take place in the early part of April. Ida had, with her usual kindness, invited us to her wedding, but, on the plea of Carl's feeble health, we declined. I had not spoken to Carl on the subject; but, two days before the wedding, we were sitting in the little garden, basking in the soft spring sun shine. Carl sat before me, full in the bright light. I had tried in vain to cheat myself into the belief that he was better; but it would not do. The sunken cheeks were thinner than they were, the old fire had left those glorious eyes-they were now full of a soft and chastened radiance, and had an angelic sweetness in their glance almost un earthly in its beauty. "Gretchen," he said, suddenly, breaking the silence, "you will come up with me into the organ-gallery the day after to-morrow, and you will promise not to leave me ?" "Nay, Carl dearest," I opposed, "you surely are not thinking of playing that day? It will be far beyond your strength. Do not, pray attempt to do so. "It must be done. Do not dissuade me. No one must play on that day but myself," he said, in a tone of quick decision.which silenced me. --. The night before the bridal I slept but little, and I could hear Carl-whose room adjoined mine-pacing up.and down all through the long, weary nightwatches. At his request next morning I dressed myself in white, and pinned a white rose in his coat. He smiled sadly. "Ah, Gretchen, it seems strange that white flowers should be used for a wedding and for the graves of the blessed dead!" he said, with a touch of the quaint sad romance that character isedhis highly sensitive and imaginative nature. His words made me shiver involun tarily; but I could make no reply. We left the house together, he and I, and reached the Cathedral early, before the crowd of spectators had begun to assemble. I sat elose beside Carl at his seat by the organ, aid every now and then he would glance at me with a smile of ineffable sweetness. Never bad Carl played with so much depth of feeling and grace of expression, and, as the bridal procession left the choir, he pealed forth the jubilant notes of the "Wedding March." He played on and on as if he would never tire; but, as the last chords were struck, his fingers dropped nervessly from the keys, and as he sank back I caught my darling in my arms and laid his head on my bosom. I looked in terror at his face, and it was as the face of an angel. He smiled at me the old, familiar smile, but it was unearthly in its radiance, and with a gentle sigh the weary spirit fled. The "Wedding March" had been his own strange requiem. Ah, Carl, my son, my son ! I found a new home in my adopted country, and amongst my little ones is to be found a second Carl; but even he can never be to me what the little foundling was whom I rescued from the snow that stormy night long ago in the old house of Nuremberg. 