pUDLZQ LZBETIhT AND PIE3EN TATION AT OHA?L?,TOWZN IO.C;.T. (?ro? A. ConIrOnDrsro'sT.) A pnBLIC meeting took place in con aeotion with the I O.G.T. on Wednes day, March 19tb, in the School of Arts, Cbarlestown. TI.he building was crowded to oxecess,--a great many not being able to gain admission. Mr. James Ridley, W.C.T,, ozcupicd the chair, and opened the meeting with a few brief remarks, saying, he was glad to sco so many mut togethcr on this oc, cai. r', Ihut felt somewlhs.t sorrowful, at the deporture from their midst of Mr. A. hI. Garrnat, who was about taking his departure. He hoped that their loss would be his gain, and sin cerely wished that some from this incoting wouild step forward and fill up tihe gap, and, thus by their influence and talent, help to forward and pro moe this noble cause. After which, the following brothers and sisters favoured the audIence with songs, reci sations, dialogues, &c;,, Bros. Powerand M. Lee, from Rising" 'un, Adamstown; Bros. Pascoo and Tiscen, from Ebenezsr Lodge, Hamilton; Bros. Baxter and piringle, from Bud of Hope, New Lambton; Bro. W. Wright, from Lambton Lodge; Bros. Gee from Pride of Hillsborcugh, and Bros. Simpson, R. 0\. Charlton, and Beath, A. W. Garratt, and Fisters: .. Moses,.'and Gertrude Steel from Star of Sneadon, Oharl.s town; Bro. sussell, Roclr of Hope, ,iighe's Hill. An address, as follows, was pre rented to Bro. A. W. Garratt:? The address was nicely got up by C. W. Davies of Lambton, and re Ilected great credit on that gentleman for the manner in whsichl it use written, and framed, was presented by the ?h?airman :--"To MIr Arthur William Garratt,"--Dear Sir,--As you are about to leave us, we cannot allow you to do so without giving expression to the very high esteem in which you are held as a consistent axd useful member of our lodge, extending now over a considir able period. During that time you have always manifested a true regard for its welfare; and, every effort put forth to advance the same, has received your hearty co-operation ; as an oflicer, you have rendered efficient service, and our lodge will loso in you a diligent, and praiseworthy worker. We sincerely regret your removal, but trust, that in the order of Divine Providence it will be for your future welfare. We alto pray that whatever may be the circum stances in life your lot may be cast, you may ever hold fast the principles of the noble order with which you stand identi fled. We conclude, with the hope that we shall ultimately meet you in the heavenly home, where there shall be no more parting. We are, yours, on behalf of the Star of Freeaom Lodge, No. 73, of the Independent Order cf Good Templars, Charleetown, New South Wales, March 19h, 1879:? Win. Paterson, P.W.C.T.;J ames Ridley W.O.T; J. Simpson, R. 1). Charlton. W. Ross, Committee: ]mro. Arthur iVm. Garratt responded by saying-- Mr. Chairman, and temper ance friends. There are times and seasons In the history of men's lives, when the tongue cannot give utterance to the sentiments of the mind, and I fcelto-night in one of those predicaments. I am glad to see so many met here on such an occasion as the present, for the object of inviting and inducing our fellow men to join our order. With reference to the address that has just been presented to me. I feeleverjoyed to think that my humble services in connection with the cause has been so kindly and respectfully appreciated. I am proud to affirm that I was one of the promoters of the Star of Free% orm Lodge 1. O. G. T., Charlestown. Though this medium, many that had sunk low in the depths of misery and disgrace through strong drink, are now tesen to a state of respectability and ctmfort to those by whom they are rur ,ounded, and a credit to the community in which they live, through, upholding the principles of temperance. A drunkard is the annoyance of modesty, the spoil of civility, the destruction of veason, the alehouse benefactor, his wife's sorrow, and his children's disgrace, his own shame, his neighbours scoff, the 1picture of a beast, and the monster of a aan. Jo you friends that have not yet joined ocr order, I implore you to do so at once, renounce the drunkards cup, plartke of the wholesome and unadulterated beverage, providedby One mightier than a man, the life giving water. No pcison bubbles on its brink, its foam brings not madness and murder, no blood stairs its liquid glass. Pale widows and starving orphans weep no burning tears inits depths No drunken shrick log ghost from the grave, curses it In eternal despair ; and would you, friends, erchenge it tor the d moa', drink- alcohol? At the organisetion of this Lodge, I was appointed Worthy CCere Cary, which position 1 always dil my best to fulfil, so far as my limited ability would allow me, and from that time up to the present I have nel.her -pared trouble nor expanse in trying to Jlromote the interests tf the Star of Frecdom Lodge, and the order ingenerat, being always ready tol assist in the edvancexont of this noble cauee. Where ever I may b-, or whatever sphero of life I may be engaged in, I s'rall always fcel it my bounnen duty to urge upon my fellow men, the necessity sand benefits of total abstinence; and shall never he asham'd to wave the banner of liberty : and I sincerely hope that every Bro.har and Siter of this Lodge wil work harm oniously tog thor, and in a short time we shall ancoms pllsh the design we look forward to. Yinally, I must again express my gra tification to the Brothers and Sisters of the Star of Freedom Lodge ef Good Tremplars for the address and respect you have accorded me, and henceforth, to my dying day, may I look upon tilez as my sht.ld and guide through life And I consider the greatest reward I can receive is to feel that 1 have been granted tha respect and esteem of the Good Templars and inhabitants of Charlestown. Tlhreo hearty cheers were then given for Mr. Garratt by th, audience. After the concert, a beautiful spread was laid out for the visiting Brethren and Sisters, which was done justice to. A vote of thanks was then accorded to the committee, visiting brethren and chairman and thus ended one of the most enjoyable meetings over held in Charlestown. 