ST. BENEDICT'S CHURCH. The Rev. C. ¥. P. Collingridge delivered a lecture in St. Benedict's Church last Sunday night on Chris tian education, which was also announced to bo a revelation of the secret of the unbounded zeal of ' Secular Moralizers ' for the education of Catholics — aliis verb-is — ' wiping of tho croco dile s tear. Every oeafs in tho edifice appeared to be occupied. The rev. gentleman prefaced his remarks by reading the following extract from a joint Pastoral letter agreed to by the English liierarchy in synod on April 21, 1871, and which his Graco Archbishop Vauglian and tho Roman Catholic Bishops introduced and commented upon in their recent Pastoral : — ?' A people to whom morality in not taught cannot bo moral ; but Christian morals cannot bo taught without re ligion ; for what io morality but tho law of duty, v/hich arisea from our peraonal relafciono tovrardo God and our neighbour ? And how is it possible to teach this law of duty without a knowledge of the person towards whom these relations exist ? But to know this — unless men are going to re duce a Christian people to the level of Deist3 — Christianity must bo taught in our school?. Christian morality cannot be taught without tho knowledge of Christ, and that again, by necessity, involves tho knowledge of Hi3 history, His teaching, His command ments, His incarnation, His divine personality. And what is this but dogma ? for religion with out dogma is not Christianity. In whatsoever school, then, religion is not taught, morality is not taught ; and where morality is not taught, the heart, tho conscience, and the will of children are not educated for tho duties and conflicts of life. What can be more false, what more fatal to men, to families, and to States, than to call this education ?' He explained that as ho was about to take his leave of the congregation with a view to become a member of tho order of Jesuits, he deemed it his duty to address them on educa tional matters which had recently engaged their attention. He had promised to tell them thai; night the secret of the unbounded zeal of secular moralizers for education of Catholic children. It might not appear strange at first sight that those who thrived on a system of huddling together all sects in ono mass, without definite religious teach ing, for the intellect should wish Catholic chil dren to bo stirred up and mixed with the olla podrida — victimized Christianity. Their object, no doubt, was to make the rising generation homogeneous. It looked so well to see the citizens of a country turned out as bricks from a mould, and moved and shaped by one ubi quitous and gigantic machinery. It was so conducive to the extension of individual liberty, and the chief mechanician in this Church engineering was so paternal, that it was foolish for the little lambs of Christ's flock not to throw themselves into the mould. It was strange, how ever, to behold the unlimited zeal of their civil instructors for the spiritual and moral welfare of Catholic children. The Pope and the bishops had never thoroughly understood the wants of the Catholic people ; but the whole of the im porters of the Canadian and a few other self eommissioned officers had done so, and were ready and willing to make all Catholics under stand their religion, and in particular the shape and colour and degree of the docility due to their pastors. They were also most desirous of mak ing Catholics just and truthful and temperate ; in other words, of morally reforming the be nighted Catholic section of the community. What was the secret of such burning zeal ? Were their secularist contemporai-ies apprehensive of the eter nal damnation of those outside the secular flock ? Did thev fear that Catholics would rjerish ever lastingly if not brought within their educating influence ? ISTo, they had no apprehensions o? such a character, for practically the men he re ferred to disbelieved in a future retribution. Their most noble aspirations were measured and limited by the number of revolutions the earth made round the sun while they walked under its light. It were foolish according to them, to dis dain the present life when the future one was so obscurely pointed out. In searching the zeal of secularists for those who possessed the most ex plicit and definite views concerning the faith, he would have to stigmatise error as a lie told to the Holy Ghost, and to tvace it to the father of all lies, who was a liar from the beginning ; but, in showing his detestation of religious error, he would be unfortunate if he was understood by any one present, Catholic, or Protestant, or In fidel, to be speaking against persons. He would say with sincerity that he felt, and had always felt, a deep enthusiastic affection for the English people and tho English race, to which ho belonged. Many of those who had unfortunately given up defined Christianity were amongst his brethren and countrymen, and what he contended was that they were dupes, slaves of error, victims of the father of lies. Without invoking the Heavenly muse, like the poet, to discover the cause of all the mischief, he could declare that the secret of tho interest, the compassion and earnest zeal shown by the secular world for Catholic children was tho influence of tho infernal serpent. This was no assumption of his, nothing got up to frighten them. It was his certain knowledge as sure as he was a priest of the living God, as sure as that tho Evil One with thousands and tens of thousands of evil spirits hia satellites were going about seeking whom they might devour. God s word, the perpetual teach ing of the Church, the continual practice of exorcising before baptism, went to prove the ex istence and addngerous proximity of the devil and his angels of darkness. The world could not believe. Therefore the world laughed at and scorned such'a doctrine. Tho father of lies told a lie to tho first woman and tempted her to disobedionce and protended to take an im mense interest in the welfare of our parents. They possessed a knowledge of and the love of God, but he persuaded them to seek another knowledge, which, he alleged, was higher than tho first. They yielded to tho tempter and liar. They gained the inferior knowledge, lost their innocenco. and forfeited God's pleasure and the higher spiritual knowledge they had been gifted with. They became subject to error, and to every dis order of mind and body. The devil looked very courteous when he was tempting, and his emis saries throughout the world — tho dupes and victims ho had referred to — had all the moro speciousness and plausibility to olfect his work. Thoy wore now offered a better education for their children. They were to bo moralized and Christianized. They were to be taught not to bo sorvilo and prie3tridden. The Vatican, the hierarchy, their own priests and pastors had trodden them down, had taught them to lose!]the principles of true Christianity, to become murderers and thieves and drunkards. Now was tho timo of salvation for tho Catholics. Let tho rising generation frequent tho Public schools and they would become emancipated from priestly thraldom, and learn to bo manly Christians. Seoular knowledge with a myDtoriouo modicum of Christian teaching adapted alike for Christians, Spiritualists, and Jews, was the specific. That was the apple, and it was easy to guess who tho concealed tempter was. Had they ever heard of the Egyptian crocodile, a formidable reptile wor shipped by tho Egyptians of old. This monster of tho Nile would make only two mouthfuls of tho stoutest Briton. There was a peculiarity about it which had inado it proverbial. If one got within a certain prox imity of it its eyes at once appeared affected, its whole countenance drooped, and large tears rolled down its cheeks. Its mouth, already wide enough, was stretched back to an unusual length. The poor thing looked quite pitiful, quite full of solicitude for all around it. But do not be deceived. Go no farther. Stop ; recede ; turn back. Fly for your life. Those teara are crooodile's tears. With a rush the reptile will be upon you. The crocodile was the embodiment of secularism and indifferentism. Such oympathy as the crocodile had for its victims, writers and speakers of the anti-Christian and anti- ecclesias- tical school had for Catholic children. The reverend gentleman concluded his lecture by a. brief reference to the Denominational school system in England, which he maintained worked exceedingly well ; to the support given by sections of the Press to the views of the Catholics regarding educational matters ; and to the fact of representative Church of England rninistera not having taken tho side of the Secularists. 