The Advertiser. FRIDAY, JULY 25, 1879. THE great heart of the country is not yet strongly agitated, nor is the Legislature yet Slashed into a state of by the present attempt to reform the Constitution. The Treasurer, with regard to this subject, has not roused the country, or succeeded in stirring the peopled representatives out of that state of apathy which is the greatest fault of political life in South Australia. Among our politicians there is a sad need of the good old Richard Baxter's recipe for making ponderous Christians move more briskly than they are ordinarily inclined to. The debate on the Government Bill for reforming the Legislative Council is be- coming more and more liatlag? and dreary jeach time that it is renewed. The prin- Icipal 6peaker upon tite subject on {Thursday afternoon was Mr. Glyde, j-who addressed half a house, and jwas so dieturbei by the annring o f jone of the members and the laughter jit occasioned, and in which he was obliged 1 o join, that there was a prolonged pause in ; is speech, and he had some difficulty in (recovering the thread of his arguments. [Probably one reason of the indifference ,-with which this matter is regarded ia the Assembly is owing to the impression that the House will not be able to agree upon any measure of reform, and that the present ieff ort in tibat direction is likely to be result 'less. This is not ffte way, however, in rwbich the matter should be dealt with. As nearly all the members believe that some change is needed they should adopt lEome scheme that if rejected "by 'the Council can be presented to •the country. At present the majority of the members of the Assembly appear to be trifling with their constituents on this imatter. They have on the hustings ex rpressed themselves as convinced that a (Change in the.constitution of Upper •House is necessary in the interests of good but they "will not agree upon •any plan to secure that reform. For a legislator to reject every Bill intro jduced to secure a certain object because he does not agree with every detail of the ■.measure may fairly be taken as a proof that it ia the object to which he is opposed. ■If the members of Parliament do not give imore evidence of genuineness on this than they have done hitherto ,6omeday the work wOl be taken out of their hands. Mr. Glyde first dwelt upon the question whether ttere is any necessity for a change arising -out of the past conduct of the Legis lative Council; er in other words, whether that body bae done any barm by the rejec tion of measures passed by the Lower House; and he was inclined to answer this question almost absolutely in the negative, :but he was rather doubtful about the ; Murray BaSway Bill, rejected more than a dozen yean ago by the Upper House. All the economy that the Council can be : credited with is a trifle compared to the loss sustained by that action on the part of the irresponsible branch of the Legislature. But for that piece of folly the Biverina ' rede would not bare been divested from South Ausbalia to Victoria. Fortunately we back what we have lost in the-past, *od4t ' wffl lib #o*e-tiino y^tefore, wift regard ffl tkittade^^abkllbesia^b* positMnw* should have enjoyed, btrt £pr the TJpper." t House. Then the swadment «f«ie Real ■ Property Aft was delayed for yeartTby the Council to die -great injory of private pec sons; and in this as in other matter* there . was noticeable the; flippancy with which almost without tbeussioi* *'4hs tjoandt throws out measures upon .-which the bint lawyers and layman in the Assembly have bestowed many week? of the most pains talcing labor and careful deliberation. ■ A faxetronger-ground of complaint is to be i found in the interference of the Council in financial matter*, aad its persistent oppo sition to every attempt to make pro perty contribute to the general revenue Did the House of Lords act as our Legislative Councilhas done with regard to taxation Bills, the United Kingdom would be convulsed from one end to the other, aad the peers would have to bend before a etorm that would otherwise sweep them away. fVny should South Australians subniit to what their brethren in England woulct not endure? Though after a ' fashion elected by a portion of the people the Councillors are wholly irresponsible, *or they cannot be sent to their con stituents to account for their action on any matter however important, as the members of the Assembly csn be ; and there is no method by which the will of the people, however strongly and often expressed, can ! be made to prevail. Even Mr. Glyde is impressed with the monstrous nature ' . of a Constitution under which sine rich old men. may. stop the pro* gress of the country. The cose j is even worse than this, for fre : quently, if not generally, there are several , members of the Upper House away on pro : longed leave of absence, and then seven or 1 eight constitute a majority. Of what , matmalfl that majority may be composed ' the past has afforded most painful and : humiliating illustrations. While the evil to be cured is admitted, 1 the great-trouble is about the remedy. The weak spot in the Government scheme is<the , one district system, which undoubtedly : works very badly in the election of six >. members out of a dozen or more, and would hardly be more satisfactory when eighteen had to be chosen out of : thirty, or forty. Apart from this point ! the Bill befere the Assembly is essentially moderate, and might be amended in Com : mittee so as to bring it into a shape in : which it would command the approval of ! the country. Hare's system, or the modi i fication of it which Mr.Qlyde edmires, will : not answer in practice. It is preposterous i for a legislator who has supported an Elec . toral BUI suited to the capacity of electors | who have-Bit sufficient intelligence to make i at one trial across within a square, within : la few days after having assisted in this de scription of legislation to propose *« moTle ] of voting that wiH need some mental effort^! to understand, and that it requires columns < of writing to explain. The Norwegian : system of settling difficultiee between the two branches of the Legislature, by both and voting in one Chamber on the i iqnestion in dispute, is open to aerious objec- i jtions. Mr.Buidey says that it would ex tinguish the Upper House; and ire are inclined to think it would, unless the [Council should be ;very tractable. Thirty ;two members of the' Assembly would form ja majority of the'amalgamated Chamber, iand then if the country were appealed to ion a good cry the Council might be reformed tor transformed to sny-extent. Toe sugges tion that a majority of two-thirds of the amalgamated Chamber should be neca3S3xy ■to pass a measure on which the two Houses are at issue will not bear a moment's (Consideration. By such an arrangement ja unanimous Council would only need the aid of four members of the Assembly to , defeat the will of the people on the most I important measures, and two-thirds of the Council would be as powerful with the esastaace of less than a fourth of the Assembly. Mr. Hay, in the Upper House, [has given notice of a Bui to reform that ! Chamber, and it remains to be eeen whether jhis proposals are likely to meet with the f&ppruval; of die majority of the members of ■both Houses of Parliament, or of either. It would almost seem as if Prosperity aad Agriculture had permanently parted com* pany in England. The tendency to grunt* jbiing ?tnnng flin farmer class has indeed Ipaesed into-a proverb, and therefore the .complaint? which they make should perhaps 1 c *?fa?" with a considerable discount off. They hav? so often raised the cry of * Wolf," that whea tin danger has become real and imminent, people are prone to i think the excitement premature and the alarm exaggerated; Nevertheless facts are ■■ tubborn things; balances at the* bankers are matters which cannot be disputed, and ;the proof? to hand are overwhelmingly sufficient to show thit whether the land they occupy be devoted to grain- growing or grazing purposes, "hard times" have come upon a class in whose prosperity the welfare of the English nation is very closely bound up. Agricultural distress has been made the fruitful subject of discussion in Parliament, in public meetings, in the Press, and even in the Pulpit, and actual or supposed grievances have formed ready texts for tirades against landlords for oppressing farmers, aou against farmers for grinding down laborers to the dust The causes which have led to thi? unhappy state of affaire are partly temporary and partly permanent. Among* the temporary causes one of the ,10061; prominent and potent-has been an unwonted succession of bad seasons. Mr. Caird, than whom no more competent authority can be fouod, in bis book on the ".Landed Interests," quotes statistics to prove that in the years "75, 76, 77, the crops all over the country were fully 25 per cent below the avenge; and Lord Beaconsfield, in a late discussion in the TTntinn of Commons, pmnfafl out that during the last ten years farmers generally hadhad no less than six bad seasons to contend against; and that although the grain yield of 1878 was 8 per cent, above the average* ' this was more than couaterbalanced by the general depression of trade and the prevail" ing lownese of prices. Nor can it be said that the prospects, especially for stock, are better this year than they have been in the un fortunate yean which have preceded. The past winter at home has been exceptionally severe, and the last mail brings us word that the lambing season has been one of the I moat unfortunate known to the present I generation. In the Cheviot Bongos it ia I ..H-Li. J ili.t iLn ' -* l.niin f -- * I esumsfeomuw me* iwpw* Mnnm~nun>cm iroi^ /? fb4K>£«r%enf^ ajad tfae'mj?talitjr; Ar^t^^ni Jisy^ftff^^ffr eJboVe" fo« £ venue I aB ojTetthe country. The cost of extra feed *&> i*s4hii year twdlieto into slot rrfdablsitem, because.of the hear/ and' continuous sndipetoijbst Welfare £oM that in Caithness and Sutherland >s m?ehfsS: d51,-«X> has beeii paid on a rental of £I,ooo' for die puxpoate <if extra, Seeding albne4 so expenditure which, added to the loss of lambssni Ihe excessive -death-rate among' fhroidaheap, will represent dose upon two 1 yeaia 1 rentals \' .; ..;., ■ '■■' ■'. Though, not to. .tie.flame extent, the' same caases have bees operating all over Britain/ and therefore ; it Is 'not' ear prising to be told on high and impartial au-' thority "thatmosttf not«U sheeprarmers -Will this year balance their books and clipping .accounts with a heavy heart. These' 'drawbacks to agricultural success, however, are only temporary; in ordinary courae^tbey will pass away, and good seasons wJdLaucceed -, bnt there are other influences^* work which are likely to be permanent, and which certainly, unless counterbalanced in some way, will prevent in all time to came a recurrence to those .halcyon days of high prices, in which farmen of the old■ school were wont to reveL The area from which the food supply of Great Britain is drawn is now so much enlarged that bad harvests at home do not as formerly bring • compensation to the farmer in correspond ingly increased prices. The enormous im- - portations of grain from these .colonies and from California and elsewhere were never dreamed of in the days when the battle of protection wat fought,; and the extent to. which -they would influence the - home: market was very imperfectly realised when; many of those who now complain of ap preaching ruin signed the leases for their i high-priced farms. Besides, new and corn-1 peting industries have sprang ap. Not to , speak of tinnaJ meats from Australia, the ■ importation both of live' and dead stock j from AmppfA has wonderfully in creased during the last few. .years* j and- is showing signs "of . jupen-, sion lather Han abatement; and, to", gether witb the competition ef the cheese: factories of America.anfl the butter dairies, of Normandy «n^ TteTiMnAj these mfc*. all'! sensibly influence,the price of horn* pio-, dace. Indeed/it may be said rfiiat in' Britain the -cost of grain:at-feast willi henceforth never be more than its value in America or Australia, plus the-price of: carriage and mercantile charges j.andEng lish farmers with high rents, heavy taxes,; and a treacherous climate, will find them selves heavily .handicapped even in their own markets. . , , . These things^ii^sbjihaquesiirmarises, Is it possible to continue successful farming attall, iasd'are'fliere any and if so what' modifications in-the tenure of the land or' in the management of the farms and mani- ' potation'of the crops which' will still enable . fanneratohold their own and to work at a . profit. The new Fanners' Alliance, refe-; reacets -which a njade in our Home letter: fcyvthe $iamv has been* formed for the venti- - lation of these and Jtindred subjects. Pro fessing to be without political bias, it yet expresses ite determination to support at the next V^wf"**l **t?? Jifla+Mj inespective of party,-who will further its views and the ' introduction of this element among a con .etitueney* which hasJiitherto been almost' exclusively Conservative is undoubtedly a' matter of grave importance. Prominent among the demands of the pew Alliance is a revision and revaluing of rentals. Tacitly j the landlords have admitted the need of j this, many of them having taken off 10 and' 20 per cent, and even more, for this year, and in some cases for three years to come. : Bat obviously this is only a rough and; ready remedy, and whatever proof it may ] give of kindly sympathy with suffering tenanf?, it is clear that it can bs nothing _ more than an exceptional and temporary: proceeding. If repeated too often farmers I might come to expect it almost as a right, and even take it into consideration in inducing them to offer higher rents than; they might otherwise feel warranted hf giving. Besides, it lowers the self-nspefet; of the fanner to get-that granted to him: j as charity which the circumstances-of the case might wariaut him in looking for as a matter of justice. No trade cam long flourish on crutches. Take the parallel case of a storekeeper. If occasional bad times come over him, the merchant with whom be deals may properly enough forbear his claims and grant a drawback, bat tf the storekeeper came to count upon this leniency as something on which he might rely in all times of pressure, .it would suggest to him either that his merchant's general charges were co needlessly high that he could afford to make such remis jrians, or that his own. trade and mode of conducting it were so bad as to necessitate "bis retirement from a business which was radically unprofitable. Besides, though the rents are thus remitted- the taxes are not remitted with them, and it is justly argued that it is sot fair that the land "should* be' valued for taxation in excess of what is really paid as rental. Another nutter on which the new Farmers' Alliance means to agitate is connected with the Law of Distraint, which amid other evils tends to give, a fictitious -value to farms. This law ■of -distraint, even as modified by the' Eeal Property Limitation Act of 187J* securesfor landlords* preferential daioiover other creditors for six years' rent, or in the case of the tenants'bankruptcy for one year's lent, with power to tank pan pass* with other creditors for the remainder of arrears. It gives power, moreover, to seize everything which maybe on the farm at the time when the distraint warrant is executed, and this power has often been. unscrupulously used. At one of the meetings an instance was given of a landlord who having heard, that ? large flock of sheep had been sent by another fanner to bis tenant's farm to eat ap the turnips, chose that time to execute the' warrant, and so confiscated another man's property; and it was Baid that these things were not unoammoa. How* it ia clear that this law aMows ihe landlord to be more careless than ha would otherwise j be as to the solvency of his tenant, so long as his arrears do not exceed the value of the farm's stock «"** plenishing, and it also tends to raise rents oh neighboring farms, &c; nioprietora of which, seeing larger.- prices got for land which is no better than their «a? «jpf is turn to inereue their denaafls mpi Hwir fe—ta. Besides, it ii «■.,?■ |1?| then is jreafly 9Q. jHQgm*mtgmn? special privilege ahoTdd to retains^ ■ If thejw«t comes to the wonH^nd the teaaatfaSla,J^m landlord n still in abettor position Ifttan th? balk of the creditor*,*or lie, only loses fh? interest of his money in rent—hi? «apjjtft| in tend^etoabSaag intact—while they wSkst kes of interest and of capital as well. '! ffis new Farme?S 1 .Alhance meana therefore to eetitaeir^vigoroady to the «?dificatU& or abrogation of this Jaw, minor thmgs of which they complam, and which by^^W action they hope olti? mately tobaveredress&d.; Theyaekre, for instanc&^note elastjd^^^eirto?ieriii referenjeltoisuch $ingftastiia ration of crops, the keeping of. hay «nd straw on the farm without ?ber£r tossjl- it, restrictions as to the BBS" olPniahures, &e; v which it baa hitherto been* very customary to introduce into leases, and- wficTi jthf? jtenant is bound under heavy piyialtie? to carry .through. It is conceded that the landlord has a right to expect the farm to be left at the end of a. lease in as good a state as it was at (he> beginning; but it is .contended *}?«* any hard-and- fast line for the treatment of the land daring the currency of the leases warps their energies and disromjgeii them from scientific ?"fl highrdasf experimental fanning. Longer leases are ' also aesfderated—in some eases «v«n to the extent 'if., fgaty of. tenure 4 bat thisl opens up a question of deep interest and of no little difiiculty, winch will form the subject of maeh future diacaaslon as fltehr plans nia tore. On the wholetiwworkwhiehisooii templated is a vast end important «ae. Ite success will largely alter the relationkbftjp subsisting between landlord anS tenant, pMtVfng if. im?i >^flnl fond aantiVnjmWil Qni\ more a .matter of bargain and busmess; hot the new Farmers' Affiance ought to bepro doctive of both to English agn£ul turisteandto the country, if it only sticks to its main purpose and proper work, a?d does not Permit itself to Regenerate into a. party snopojitical oQJanipation. ; Thb following is fteampaative statement^ as published in the Gazette at 24th Jane, of the general abstract for the quarters ending 81st March-find «odi Jane, 1879, showing the average amonnt of liabilities aad assets of all the Banks within the pro* -riaoe :■—liabilities—Notes in tareulatio?-— Harch, -£?4,021 Bs. 9d.; Jane, £4QO/)|7 fie. 4d. BOis -in cnealation—Mar^b, £13*527 2*.,3 d.; Jane,- £13^02 13a. BsJaacee doe to other Banks—March, £51,6051*. 9d.; Jane, £84,438 16b, Ud. Deposits sot bearing intaresfr—March, £1,470.070 Se. Sd.; June, £I^B3^B i)a. Id. Deposit? jnteresf^-rMarth, £2^05,«l 9s. lid.; June, £a,ol^r^Ss. 44\. Total average - liabilities—Hasch, £4^62,655 3s. 4d.; June, £5,g55,t?5 17s. Bd. Assete^Cpinedv gold, silver, and other metal?—Tiafch, £600,655 oe. lid.; Jane, £63Q,7M 13s. 7d. Gold or silver in bullion OT-i?gots—March, £6,776 10a. 9d. ; June, £13,162165. 7d. tiovernment seco rities—Maxell, 3^,oool_June, gSSJOOO. Landed property and 'Bank premises— MaTch,^222,-650 6s. 9d.; Jnne, £283,551 os. 8d- Notes and.liDs of other Banks- March, £58/ m 17*. lftL; June, &$&& f JSju. 4d,' B«l<nyy? f^"f PflflMl March, £68.031 0& 3d.; Jane, £53,437 12s. Zd. INotes and ISOb sjMl other debts to Banks, set before enume rated—March, £6,227,159 6a. Id.; Jane. £6,032,655 Bs. 7d. Total Svetape 'atf?to^- Marcb,£7^o?^64 ia.7d.; JuDe,£7,o3d^s? 7s. 4d. •...■■.>:■■;■ . ■::.:,-■-.: The steamer Cozco, from Aoatni?a, afnraast fines on the lS?ii?flt. .-. '! t The Orient steam-liner John Elder laft London for Adelaide on Friday, July 18. Telegraphic communication between B&njoewangie; and ?ortr Darwin was-testonA aifi«jn.onnmndaj> The telegainiyeftiwy teoefred in tiieusualoolal?itL. : - The fdflowiug membera were appoiuted by the Awemblv on Thnaday to auwiito and Tepart apoft Am Baiid> Actr-^CkfrflM* nuaaoer of Grown lam**, Mama. AtUiM. Mottioek% WmUbAmt,- VmA, WKta^uaf fftmnintr. The Onnwiiittw is to npartxn J&s;«arirlOL' ' - •■■ ; ■ '"- -- -i ■ J..-1 -U: It ift announced in JQiarsday's tTotem* meniGazeiU&m.km;* Erc«lteDcy tba i?tMtaat sbmeof the Addaido' Pomcwty?iHMftindn yfedtetdMj next. Tbe notice abo xecpimfdU B«Moac who h?ve been, invited to be fluiutat the oeremdoy, and; who mne «ntitied to wmc&a;* -Civil Scrriee nnifarm xr jrobe* of affiee,ioap* peirlnflirtimlfannoriri tiwirroJws; ' -" The question ba to: the hest site for the sewage f>na is to be debatedintte^wwWy on Tuesday "nerfc, 00 whidt oat the Ooaadft* ■ioner it PibUe Vttte wffl mm-!*Wk*** tiieomnkmof thin Ifnam H? «B? of IW?SB?y?ge farm'ia consec^oa with -the drainage «t,tke city should be at or near Tarn O^baafar Seat, as irrfffnr"?ti^<>^ by the Hjdraolic Bn^naa?." The Dog Bill was mcontinCT.tiy shelved on Wednesday in the Aiwimhly, bnt Me Bright ■ianotsatianedwiHiaiaoiapeeitiaaof im feb measure, and intend* to mova for the replacing of the Bill <ra tie Notice-Taper on Thursday next. On Thursday next Mr. Ross intends to njOTeintbe AaaemUy—^? That it is contrary to the prineipki of oanrtitatiooal law far • Gm uniaciiil In nniprnrl thn njtr intifi uf. or act in contravention of, tiM provisions of an Act of Parliament, a* toe Government are now doing; in respect to the Waste Land* Amendment Act and the Brandi Act of 1878." Mr. Bray on Wednesday next intends to ask leave in tbe ABMBnbfy to introduce a Bill fornKuteting baOdinga (and party walls intao City oT Adelaide and other nnmioywlities. In the Assembly en Tuesday next Mr. Ward rill call the attention of tbe Attorney- General to oknte 9 of- the third ■ehedole of tto -Crown I*Bd? ConaoUda&n; Act, 1877 <*eiac tbe form of agreement of aale and parebaae oa credit aadw.the Aot>, wkich provide! tt?t— " The jK?ohaaer aball aad will not at any time until be has paid ins 'whole of his purchaae moneyj «M?gti, fa?~ft?r or -make orer 8h aaid bads or fab tighti anacHttiaagreei?ent; nor aball 1m ailmniil in *n fir, nor GbaHl?gra?<; any least oc othec taaaaeyof orovectfeeaaid land vnlsss and nntil >c ha«.obteinedtiie«ao sent of the vendor Sir that purpose," and1 jwfli ask -mhtOus 4bace >?ans jmnaioa in the OI9WB X«nd* Ouuolidation A*,Wn, or in any Act .rending that meaanre, to pcerent tbeCom- BUJaioner of Crown Landa, aa vendor, giving ■neb consent in casee where it may appear-to bna dasirabla to- do ao. The Attorney-General intends to move in the Aawnihly on Tnorfay next for leave to introdnos?Ulf foradefiailaon of the-elertoral dutricta, and. flu payment of the aalanea of F«rliuMDUry aOssn under osrtam cironm atances iand «ia Ti—■ t wiU aaak to Intro*. duos a vsasun teamed thelawrekSa* totbe ules of xeveEkions. . ■ Shortly sitet the meeting of on Taur?day tto Tiuanum, on a temal mottaty expUaoiaat ho had been aoaa what haaJy oak the pMriow day m stettaj «m*. «?e Oovaanoni wenld rent in attompt to adjoorn tim Bm •rar the loUowiag Wednosdayyo? wkjan da/A? fimiiiialiiai ■limn of the Unlnrair was. toW laid; and be admitted also thai there wuno> analogy between the footbOl natch and 4>e> CKori-national ceremony nt Woiaacday. Xbft Govenunent now would bepcepandf iavMtof theimportMoeoftteo«B?k>B,olft«fast*ak Ei« BxceOency the GawDOt m «? f?cfatbk. tbe ceremony, and that mnj atSMbeti <of far- Uament wareezpeotodto ba jMiaiiii 111 i||.iin oa. Tuesday to an adjasMMnat we WeaosMay. Sabsequently be ogim notice tbat on Taaadajf be would move &rt; tbte Hoow at iti ridng. adjourn tOl Tbimday.tiw Slat Joly; andttafc aU the bunae* on tke Notioel?pate wadaae* day, tbe 30th. Jnly, be taken fir?t,acooedi?g to the order ir, which it appears, oaThurtday* thf> Upon the question of a ballot being taken for the appointment of the Committee to en- quire into and report upon the Brands Act in the Assembly on Thursday Mr. Wast-Br<kine dsafa^d the Bpeaker'B ruling as to whether the. Souse eouidnotpost?oae caking the ballot for a longer period—say a month. Tbe Speaker said this coujdonly bVdone by the creation pf a' c precedent m the shape of an Order.to provide for it, and he thought the mattar having "been 1 ealfca oh should be proceeded with. ' & dikeas "aion arose involving serial, prints of order. ' O?e of these was bronlft'mp by ¥r. Sardy, who ;asked whetberamJAbWh£mghioded th hia ~,SDp en the pravtbus evening it' wsis to' he re * fined as his vote. The Speaker said the oalibt *-s«q|a nsSnAtd in on the -previous, evening bad ; lYsr*j*operly been destrdyed 'bY "&e; Clerks. 'KrTpaTdV^BQuired whetbtr such a member's /TOteVouSrWtM. The Speaker said yes, if he ■ were ofijT&idi; that day. Mr. West -<^skmeJpnWw&' to create a precedeat by a *^motistFrarw postponement of the ballot, bat , waa cttt'mort vj the Speaker, who said, tnis ' ballot lfiaorbeen called on and the haa. rtm^? ' -was out nf order. Mr. West-Erakine. chagrined -^tt-atLea?ed out "Divide" aund muchaarase meot, #hioh was intensified when the Speaker urbanely informed tbe hon. gentleman that -•here was no question before ths chair. Th« ballot was then taken. Mr. Bray sntaetraeotly enquired whether if a member ha £ been eleete 1 \- flntfae OommHtce who had a "large pecuniary interest ia this question of brands tte~S?6«l 1 \- resign. "The Speaker pointed out that this wa • a quntinn the Hou«e could decide. Mr. Bra - expressed a hope Aat if any such member ha I been elected be would have the good taste to re sign. Ttsranxious enquiry of the hon. member lor East Adelaide was received with no little amusement, and it was not altogether clear tfc?t ' ■ Ifr. Bray was really in earnest in his doo« of the : Bona fides of any member of the Committee. ■I* appears by the Gazette that about 500 ttivsss awl no wards of ISO pound brands have feeenragietered mider the Brands Aot of last ' The Sitings of the Local Court of Ade laide, fall jurisdiction, will be held on Thurs day, August 7, instead of Wednesday, Augast 6, which will be observed as a general holiday, being the anniversary of the birth of FT.R.H. tbe Duke of Edinburgh. A -welcome breakfast to Mr. and Mrs. O. H. Geode, who have returned to tbe oolony ; ■ after aa aWaune of eleven years, was given at. the FMaesas- street Baptist Vestiy on Thursday, July M. There w.t a large attendance, and several speakers expressed their gntifieatiou at seeing Mr. and Mrs. Goode in the oolony again. Aleaifni tragedy was enacted at Good wood Park on Thursday afternoon. A maa named Oaades Harvey brutally murdered a young girt named Kmma Wildy, to whom ha had bean paying attentions, and then drowned himself in a well. An inquest on the bodies is to be held by the City Coroner to-day. The following is Thursday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph line:—Beltana, S.st, light, Farina, I calm: Peake, B.VT, fresh; Charlotte Waters, i B.W-; Alk* Springs, calm; Barrow Creek, N.E.; •Cenaaat Creek,calm; Powell Creek.calm; Daly Waters, calm; y«tiiw™«i, calm; Pine Creek, M., light; Tarn Creek, calm; Sout&port;, calm. The *number of persons who arrived at ! Port Adelaide by sea during the week that ! «nded on Saturday, July 19 was 136, 139 of whom were from Melbourne aad 1 from Sydney. The number who left by similar means aad daring tbe same period was 157; of these 14 were for Mew Caledonia, 91 for Mcl- < bourne, and 42 for lundon. A preliminary meeting was held at the Oakland Hotel, Yoke's Peninsula, on Saturday, July 19, to appoint a Committee to take the necessary steps for obtaining a jetty at Wool Bay (Pickering). There was a fair attendance. The matter was gone into most enthusiastically, and every one appeared to be agreed that the proposed jetty was a most desirable and neces sary work. At a meeting of the Committee appointed by the Port Adelaide Eight Hours Assoaatioa to cany out the arrangements for the celebration of the anniversary, held on Wednesday evening, July 2S, it was resolved that the Pinery, situated abaot three miles up the Port Eiver, should be the aosne of the festivities. The Committee appointed tivir officers at fallows:—Chairman, lfe S. Webster; Secretary, Mr. Olegg; and Treasurer, Mr. J. Baon. We are asked- to call attention to the fart that the owners of-the capper ship Ott*ton it CM 1 to~keep her regularly employed in direct MmUtM between South Australia -ana the l>stniniO? of Canada. The fast voyage from this oolony is Shortly to be made. This will afford aa opportunity to South Australian merchants to open up what may become a highly profitable trade with the Domimoa. If suffi oant esmuiii sgiwu'iit given, tbe owners of the Otifron propose to employ other vessels in the trade between the two countries. This day seventeen yean ago, that is on Friday, Jury 25,1882, J. HcDouall Stuart and his brave littifi band of explorers succeeded in crossing the Anstzalian continent from south to north, yiil_jJ-«ii?^ the TWtiA flag on the ehoregf the Indian Ocean. The.names of the darmg men who aceompUshed "<his great feat are—JCoha Mr.TJwiaH Stuart (leader), William Xeferlef/s*flond omaerL F. W. Xhrmg (tnird omesrVV. P. AuW (as&Unt;), Stephen King; jnn^John BflliaS; James Frew^HSath,Kash! F. G.Waternouse (naturalist}, andJ.McGerrery On Thursday morning, July 24, at the invitation of Mr. W. Townsend, KF. (Chair man of Committees), the Geekng foot ball team inapeeted cor Houses of Legis lature, and mbseqaentiy partook of re freshment. Mr. Townsend proposed "The flasKhs of the Team," coupled with tiie name of Captain Wilson, in a humorous speech. The tesrttJiavttg been acknowledged, Mr. H. Fraser, ILP., proposed -The Health of our Enter tainer," and said Bfr. Tewasend was always eager to welcome visitors to the colony and show them the lions, Mr, David Adamson gave his lecture <a -.factional Electricity," in connection with die Young lien's Christian Association of Ade- JaidCf in Salisbury Chambers, King Wflliam strcet, oa Thursday evening, July 34. Share was a iatge attendance of members aad friends. . Ur. C. H. Goode occupied the chair. The lec turer explained in aa interesting manner the laws which regulate that form of electricity which is produced by the friction of non-eon -4a DB£ bodies, and he performed a number of experiments to illustrate them. At the close of the le.ture he wes awarded a hearty vote of thanks. The antuTersary of the Loyal North Ade laide Lod«e, L0.0.F.. was celebrated at tha Temperance Hall on Tuesday evening, July 22. Mr. C. Peacock, JLP., wu in the chair, sup ported by Mr. W. Sing and the O. Lodge officers. A lengthy programme was im*** out by the Misses Pierce, Bradley, Yandepeer, and Well, Mrs. Cave aad Mrs. T^m^h.i sod Messrs. Diamond, Evans, Fisher, Dedmaa, Heai.R. Whinham, Harbour, Baruh, Schmidt, and Hales. Several of the recitattoni, acags, aad solos were deservedly encored. M.W.G.M. Bro. Leane gave an account of the progress of the Order. The proceeds of the entertainment are to be devoted to the foun- dation of a Widow and Orphan Fund. There was a heavy fall of snow on the Mount Lofty Range early on Thursday morning. Mr. Percival, of Summertown, states that in the neighbourhood of that township the ground was covered with snow, which in some places lay at least a foot deep. The roofs of the houses and all vegetables were white with it, reminding old people of the appearance of houses and trees in England durmg the winter season, and which in this sunny climate they had almost for- gotten. Our Stirling East correspondent, writing on July 24, says :—Mount Lofty pre- sented a most wintry appearance this morning, mantled with snow. The trees, shrubs and flowers looked quite natural to the English- born Australians, but were an astonishment to the young gumsuckers. The snow is falling fast while I am writing." Tbe Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court wffl <winiiwine oa Tuesday, August 5,; I?■tfttlfe^L*tr rf 5n gad will be tito only business taken. The Oourt wffi adjourn over Wednesday, toe och, ttsxmke of 3Bdmlmr«h's Birtiiday, the real basmesaof the sittings commeac'mg on August 7- W eases down for trial, which are mafte up M follows :-BteaUng from tbepersoa t' ta3St^> •«r?Tatoa assault 4, falsepretences f? >"gn9j?l?J«—?«*«r I, murder 1, laiaeny SJISSSzJT*?* *?■ • «•??* 1, larceny', li 1 fSSSSSSA Vreakiaf and stealing, la a gawa«ay4?awse 1, rtratiiijTin a dwelling-house gg*jC_™^?Bn* debtor coaeeaUng his .J*jjJ^ggJ •?* ??*«?* *o rob^brtSaUV The attempts made by Sir Samnel Waaon ;loobtemanhaaorarydagna,towliieh he is in ■oway«ntitled, appear to have become fears titt Melbourne 4fe) the subject of eoasiderabl comment in London, and to hare caused much amusement at Oxford. An Australian colonist at present in London, referring to the subject in a.prJrate letter, says:—" Sir Samuel Wilson has nude himself the laughing stock of Oxford by gam* Sown t^ ee?vass the-Ostanoll «f the University to tfUvtiai tha aoaorary degree of D.Oi-,'*rhi?fe «■«{««& *B<Aistiag«tsn«d men or ttenefaotonotiaw noivamitf.btrt whiehit bnot 'etiquette to «anvass far: He did it in tbe troe : sauatter stjlc, *Hay;^g aboaf his wealtk, and ' blustering Vnat bs aad a righ* to demand aa faenonryW"? «n reeogcitfiJ of wfcat.he had doce for the MeJbewa* Oafveiaity. There neverwas taeamaUakt ifteaaf gracing aim." At ? special, mooting of tLa Farmers' Mat^aL Asarrflw??,.beld ?t Cryatol Brook oa Sat?rday, Jatei^^fvr the purpsae.of «onsid«r inf aim arifirfrYTTi* t* tho DqE-Aet, after some . aos^o>table)iisausskMi f in whssh neariy every auembsr present took nart, it was resolved to anpportMr. BrightiMJ.,* the action he had takatt in Pariiamsot in ocderta ajpead section 9of JteDac Act «« *8«7.' The Artm Exprtst atatesthat^aawral of *c mamhaa apo^f the very heavy josses they bad sustained, and exprtased a tea* «tat «Ir. Bright would he , sniasmfal in leWng the Aat amonded. By ispeaial reqvest the President of the Association, , Ut.J. IMW, will.cepvey to Me Bright tbe ci . preasisQs and decision of the maeting. Mr. Gowied^aye notice of motinn to discuss the aeriiaaaept of tU land laws at the next mee> . iagvand Mr.ltijlei also gave notice at saver*! \- ittipurtaat matters." We fcave been farored by the author -wtth'a copy of a sermon preaeheo last J October % the liev. Ohas. Mantnorpe. oT Gleaelg,and reeentlypuDli?ned by request, The discourse, whidH 4s dtaractcHsed by ability, clearness, earnestness, and wholesome reprobation of the evils ariunglrom larity of moral principle in all positions%hat maa ran occupy, is baaed upon the words ••Righteousness exalteti a nation, bot sin is a repraachjD^any people,-" and the special object of the preacher is to ujqsje the supreme importance Urighteopxness in political as well as ia eommeroial, private, and social life. In the drift of tijie reverend gentleman's observations eaneeroing Sabbath observance i many aisDSf* aad-coosistant Christians will not agree, : but the greater part of this sermon must , oocome?ditself to good men of all creeds. This j discourse, we understand, is the one referred to in Eariiament onrmg this week in connection .witit discussions in which questions relating to the Sabbath were involved. A wholesale robbery took place either on Wednesday night, JulyW.oreanyo* Than- | day mandbgatthe shop of Mr. O. Hallman, comer of Gresham and Hindley-streets. The shop is a lock-up oo*. and Mr. Hallman informs j nsdiatbeleftitMrieetly safe on Wednesday evening, the shop' doer being secured with an ordinary lock and a strong padlock. On one of Mr. HaOmairls wutkmeu -going to the shop I next morning he was surprised to find the shop door open. On an examination being made it was found that tile padlock was efeaa gone, and that the otter lock had been picked and an entrance «o effected. The burglar or burglars had evidently been in a hurry, as several loeketa aaA other ' articles of jewellery were found scattered about the floor. They seemed to have been aware of the place where Ur. Hallman kept the most valuable portion of Us stock, as «be shop front was stripped of a large number of geld aad silver watches, chains, loeketa, rings, brooches, aad otfeer articles, which Ur. HaHman valued at£SOOO. " The Victorian branch of the Australian Mutual Pmruteat Society has just issued its ten thousandth policy.. This is a noteworthy fact," remarks the Insurance and Ranking Record "It would be difficult to estimate incomplete significance. In the first place, it suggests the vast amount of eoergy which pnnst have been applied to seeute so great an, aeoessipn of mem bers. It shows that the Society has atruek its roots deeply in congenial soil. Again, it is cheering to contemplate tbe amount of salvage from material suffering which such figures indi cate. Here we have the prudent loving fore sight of husbands, fsthstn.aad. others, waking in many esses considerable pY^i—nit sacrifices in order to achieve a future provision far those de pendent on their exertions. Of tbe 10,000 Vic torian policies issued about 8,000 (a large pro portion) are, we understand, extant, ana in force, tie difference being represented by poli ties disooutinued, endowments matured, daims throagh death, surrenders, lapses,. and transfers to other colonies. We congratulate the Society ob this new milestone on its forward march." The Chief Justice satin Equity en Thurs day, when judgment was given in the artminis txatiensoftButberfordv.jDarweafcand Others, a bearing aa further consideration.' Tbe judg raent was briefly totheafiectihat the.amoaatg standm> mtte minds of tbVs?rvmng dsfen daai^B iznstses 4h/?^^ he brought into Court for payment **rd iJishrilMrStwi wi& the sums found by *ly Master's certificate to be sfnu^nig in tbe aaadsof the oefe?daoVs trustee, Joseph Oar went. It waa directed Oaf bathes- enquiries should be' taken before th^ Master as to interest and. nthnr outataadinjf moneys not found by the last certifieate^sod that thenear ing further consideration should be ad journed, with liberty.reserved for ail parties to apply and to speak to the minutes. Some dis cussion followed the delivery of the judgment, «?j finally «Jl_partica rrsinmtuil to waive en quiries directa/by^Honor as to Darwenfs recents, and Jbo leave it to the Court to fix the .^y.* r tir h *>>O1 H paid to the dafendaats .in -final sflttifwi-wit Til timir IWrilitim in respect of Darwenf s receipts and tte interest tiiereon. The iQuef JnatjneantriiMtorl -gat be would^ive jadgment ia Hargrava and White ?. .Bnws early next week, Xae Court ttisa adjowned, The new Exchange to wh&h.we; re ferred in oar issue of Xhntsday is proposed to be erected an the land in Pirie-atzeet known atEagfs timber yard, and Messrs. G.D. Green, H. ft J?. KymOl, Hon. J. Fiaher, "W. Kay, J. Hrn,J.tLLordr,andH.LJrose are the pro moters of the ventare. T^e site' is a central one and admirably, adapted for the purpose proposed. The land has 300 feet frontage to Pine-street by a dentil of 130 feet, and tbe new building* will have a front age to Pirie-eW of 100 feet. It will be three storeys high, and will contain a shipping rooms, an. anction.jnart, reading-room, fr"^kerw room, and a number of offices for laud and in surance business, tc. Ur. £. W. Wright is the architect, and the structure will cost about £12J300. The design has not been definitely decided upon, but is so far completed that only questions of detail an no w under con sideration. There is no doubt that should the commercial community prefer this aiteaad this scheme to another that has been proposed, the new Exchange will be avast improvement upon tbe old one, will be very convenient as a busi ness centre, and will in an architectural sense be an ornament to the city. A correspondent at the Burra, writing on July 24, says:—"On Monday last the wind changed round from the west, from which quarter it had been hlowing for a long time, to the east, and on Wednesday the cold became intense. Almost everyone remarked that it was cold enough for snow, and big coats and wrappers were freely used all day. Several old hands de- clared that they would rather have hot winds. At about 7 p.m. the storm increased, with a few drops of rain, but it soon began to snow, and for more than three hours there was a driving snowstorm, which it was almost impossible to face; in some places where the snow beat against walls, roofs, and fences it became a hard solid mass. This morning the hills were capped with the pure white snow, and being such a novelty it naturally created excitement amongst those who have never been in the old country. I met with a man who had to face the storm for a mile, and he said that although he had lived in England twenty winters he never felt the cold so severe before. He could only go a few yards without turning his back to the weather. He felt it cutting his eyes, ears, and face to such an ex- tent that he had to cover his face and feel his way along by the fence; when he reached home he had flakes of ice on his coat and hat. The weather has greatly moderated." . The latest piece of KeDy jrosaip at Balling, acoording to tte««r, i/asloUows«— "Somedana^aman-wnorafasedto state his aame amredja BaOarat and took-up tony porary quarters it an bbtelfat the westsia portion of Sturfesteeet. In^thejpourse of' eoo vtrsstton with the landlord tile traveller stated that he aad raosntiy lean In the Mansfield district, and tha*-%is- business had during May last awssss?ated a fsnasyla the neigh borhood of tiae Strathbogie Kaagaai 'While onthetraak be, on «w IMb May, fett ia witk four weU-amed men, who promptly, and. in ebsraeteristie JbsUod, mwndmd tteaaelvea aa the - ttaasfield anton. Ibe. rnhsui of the star* states Hat* tbs fosmaihss. afte teMaSU were aat raquiT yita, as he had act the abgbtes*! df?nSlty m reeogoanna; vrsm their partrajta two of tbe hw atothmg, an* went (hretagh tiie tea of measuring his height, and generally takmsi a mrnffa^e pfabtograph of klai. HavmTsatisi fied!thems?lve**at fca was in no wayoenaaeVed witk any a* tae poliae or^ithsr ssuoh parties, the:gang maas marry at Us expanse, and chatted freely with him far same tune. They threatened tbat if he gave any information with reference to his having seen them his life would not be worth an how'f purchase. Altar allowing him to reciothe Btm«Jf,they prestefted him with a setvibeabfo 'poekeVtniTe, aa&TUiUBB; .to his artooUbajeot, with ia sovereigns ia ad#i-' tio?, bidding him to continue his way and hold his tongue." The rainfall between 9 ajn. on Wednes day and the same hour on Ihuraday is regis tered as follows;— A 'deputation from Echunga waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Son. T. Peayfard) cs Thursday morning, July 24, with m request thst the com of £jyOOO might be placed noon the Estimates for the purpose of testing wheUwr or not a diamond field existed in the aeiguboraood of Bcanaga. The depa tatfeo, wakei was Hitendaned by Mr. A. H. Twrinwr, M.P., and supported by Keen*. F.W. Stokes, MJ, and W. A. H. Weet-Brakine MP, consisted of Mean. Hough (Ohafamaa of the Rshunga Distriot Ooaocil), Jaensh, Lawrence, and Gratwick. The deputation pointed out that ■ namber of diamonds had been discovered at various times oa the Bchnnga gold-field, and that a report from London had recently been received speak ing very favorably of certain stones sent home. It was urged that the geld and diamond drift* were independent aad distinct, «od that from this canse-there had been probably a large number of diamonds overlooked fay the diggers. The deputation asked that a search party might be organised by the Government and a practical man placed at itabead. The develop ment of such an industry as a new diamond field would prove a great advantage to the oolony at the present time. The Commissioner in reply admitted all lite advantage which would accrue to the colony from the develop ment of djernop^ fn^, personally, •ur no objection to voting ftahuc money for sneb. apurpose. He yjroniise&'to bring the nutter before his colleagues, get a report from a practical. man prepared, acd oomiannieate with thedepntation on tbe subject. The position of military aides-de-camp to colonial {Governors is the subject of a despatch of the 37th November, 1878, trom the Secretary for the Colonies. Although dated ao far back this despatch ha* only recently been laid before the Queensland Assembly, and (observes the Sydney Monung Herald) we do not semember that any similar document hat been placed be fore the Legislature of New Sooth Wales, tho gh the change is apparently intended to apply to the colonies generally. The Secretary of State *ays:—" I have the honor to acquaint yon that the Secretary of State for War has represented that under the provisions of'the Boyal Warrant for promotions of tbe 13th of August, 1577. it is no longer possible to allow aa officer to hold the appoint ment of aide-de-camp to a colonial Governor, or any other colonial appointment, without re placing him in his regiment; and that n&der; these cireumatanees the additional east of ap pomting an officer to-each a port will not now be limited to the staff pay and allowances, but will invotve the iofii.eaand charge of his regimental pay, which is tbe ease of a esptaia is £Jll per annum. 2. Aa tbe conditions on which aides decamp have been allowed to colonial Governors have been that the whole additional charge shall be met by the colony, it will in future be necomry for the eokmifis either to pay the fnfi regimental pay of these offieen when claimed fay the War Office, in addition to the staff pay and allowances, or, which the Secretary of State for War thinks will be the most convenient course, to laata arrangements with each ameer to pay hwn his total i iimiliiiiwiilii for tiie whole term cf MTVioe fixed for the «ppointment. 8. it is to be understood that the amount of staff pay aad allowances of an aide-de-oamp to a oolonial Governor .may be fixed at aneh cates as each } Q^MI liwitliny Atfriim lipnw 4. Th« 11 jiini ■!■! fj iif sash tuTtai will eontmne to be defrayed from Imperial funds until the 81st jof next mriiisivie, but from tisat date either ittnust badefrayed fro?eoloatalfunds, as well as the stag pay and alk?wsnoss,or the offiocn But return to tbev regiments, fruui which tney flan no longer be spared." It will be remembered. that last rear Dr. W. J.Browne, the weftfauwn squatter and rs^a* jr nojoniwt..started a party of men .under tbe leadership of Xr^Weod, who was formerly 2& Ifllr£ CODfljZQCbfiO Oa bbu6 QflUttd VOGwDft Of vu& Tort Anjgasta and Bortparwin telegraph,with ■^afp and other lire '**pi<tr for. the nmiiosti o£ Ur. WbodAaj fr"*" SsM?ssful in ffi^ list un dertaking, and having <m the way, in order to water the animals under hw charge, sank a number of wells that wfli be most useful in future to perams travelling withstock on the same route, he has applied to tbe Government for reimbursement lor outlay upon work that will be of public benefit. Theolaimis roanon able enough; bat Dr. Browne, on being advised of it, while appeeniatfaw tins regard for his in terests on tike part of the leader of the expedi tion, at ooce resolved on not reoeiring any pay ment for tike eipenditare nt«iw«d in well sinking, for reason* stated in the follswing letter, addressed to his manager and attorney la Adelaide —« 74, Gloaoester-jnad, South Kensington, Lon don. My dear Price—ln Ur. Wood's letter from Tenant Creek dated Ootobar 19,1878, he writes:—'l have hadmany watering places made between Charlotte Watera and the Alice Springs, and north of the latter place lam sinking a line !of wella to enable the sheep to get well forward before the rains. On this latter point I would mention that many of the watering-places made by me have tea «n an inexpensive and tempo rary scale, suitable only to *ur rfiquiremenU; I but in places where I have sankacfaul wells I thought it a great injoitiee that one private in dividual should be at co- much trouble and cost in executing work of a permanent benefit to the public generally, and the Government in parti cular. I have therefore been in correspondence with the Government, and they agree under cer tain conditions as to the character of my im provements (witb which it is unnecessary to trouble you) to pay me £300, or £100 each, for three wells—ao results, ao payments. lam aware of Mr. W. J. Browne's objection to seek ing aid from the Government, bat in this ease it is we who axe doing a useful public work fox which such a favorable opportunity seldom occurs, and I trust he will not disapprove of my endeavor to save the expedition some outlay. But for, the subsidy I should auric my wells in ahannelg of creeks to save expense, and after one flood tbe road would be as. bad as ever.' I am sorry that Ur. Woods has made thsapplica tion to tbe Government, although I cannot but feel obliged to him for such attention tomy pecu niary interest, aad there.is an apparent season for his application, as he is making the walls more permanent than needed for my expedition. Bat as! was prompted to send this T^Jtfrw .across the continent to promote the settlement of the Northern Territory, which has so long been an incubus upon tbe resanraes of South AusWalia, more as a token of gratitude for the great success that has attended my career as a settler in South Australia than from any pecuniary reeulte, which, however, I ultimately antiiapato to reap, folly believing the Hbrtmern Territory is most admirably adaptedfor pastoral oreoaetion by both pure merino aheap, oattte, and horses. 33m receipt, however, of any Oo> vernment aid docs to my mind mar tbaplaaanre of my «nterpriee,aad thsnefore I wish.^on'to request the Government to allow you tosaturn =me, or if none has been vecoirad pi*?*^i $f|^nir the 43ov«ram«ttt onxny part, and say X do not wish to receive it, aa I shall be fafly compen sated by tiia knowledge tikat my expedition baa in aay way fariHtsted the onrntirtion by others «f .98 jgnat Hestbern Territory.—Your* sin cenlyi w. 9. BKOWHn." Tbe annual dinner in connection with. St. Peter's Collegiate Institution is to be held this evening at the Town HeU refreshment-room. * The Cookery Claasee are to be reenmad at tbe 6ervantsrHome next Friday, August 1, •ad will be held on every Friday after that date. Mr. D'AJrcr Bead's ghost entertainment will open at White's Booms on Saturday evening, and will no doubt be largely patronised, as the programme is uniqae r aad the ghastly msnife* tationsara described as beiag both wonderful ■andamosing. ' ' j . : \- Mr. Barnard has issued the weights for the events to lie run at Morphettville on August, 6, and speculation will now commence as to-the probable winners. There are good fields, aad as at first glance the weights appear to be iairly proportioned there should be a large aitendanoe on^be course. The racing wUi be invested with roore interest fhan usual on abeoonV of the Hunt Club Kpresentatives that win take part in it. . Mr. Bos Reid again, as in past seasons, haa invited the Hnnt Crab to meet athistesi denoe, in .tha ftictorasqae ae^rbborhood of MagUUon Sataxday. At Ibis season of she year there are few planes -which present greater attraitioat at soenery, commanding, as it does, a view of the city and the Golf and the rolling country away to tha asrthaad north-east, aad we have no doubt a huge master, will he out to-morrow. The Geelopg team played their last match on Thursday afternoon, July 24, against a combined team of South Australia. Taey followed up their victorious career by winning tbe match by four goals to one. There were about 8,000 persons present. In the evening they were entertained by the South Australian Football Association at a dinner in the refresh ment-room of the Town HafL His. Worship tiie Mayor (Mr. W. C. Btdk) prodded, and the vice-chair was filled by the Attornev-Gcaer.il (tbe Hon. W. H. Bundey). To-day they are to be entertained at • picnic by Mr. B. T. Smith, ILf., and in the evening they sail for Mel bourne. Those of our readers who have bene volent tendencies, and also a desire to witness an attractive entertainment, will attend the Theatre on Saturoay afteraoon, when the benefit to Mrs. F. M. Bates and children will be given by tbe dramatic and aMUteal professions of Ade laide. The spectacular scenes will be given from " Henry the Fifth," including the battle of Agincoort and the grand entey into London, and the Boyal and Academy .of Music com panies will combine in the representation of a variety of historical characters. An original addms will be delivered by Miss Jennie Watt- Tanner. lieut. Herman, the ventriloquist, will make bis first appearance, end by permis sion of Colonel Downes the Volunteer Band will perform on tiie stage. In conseqHenee of Mr. Fulton, the lessee of the Academy of Masie. having failed to pay tiie —l-rff of bis trlrapMitio company, these artists fere left without means to return to their homes and families in the.oOier oeloniee.and a benefit performapop is to be tendered them at the Academy on Monday night, in which the members of the Thtetre Boyal Company will assist; also Mmsis. Thompson aad Herman (of Thompson's Panoraama) and otter professional*,. A varied pr^gr^ff I™^ of an *nnisis>g and interesting description .will be prodaeej, and it ts to be hoped that the public will accord their .generous support en this occasion. Mr. Fulton, who waa jutratted for debt at the Instance of one of tbe company,. is now in the Adelaide Gaol pending the settle ment of bis affairs by the aid af bis solicitor. A muacal and literary entertainment waa given in tbe City Mission Hall on Thursday evening by Mrs, Senders and friends. There was a large attendance, and the frequent an 1 hearty applause that greeted the efforts of the performers indicated that the labors of the pro moters of tiie concert were quite successful. ;Mr. W. Shakespeareoccupied the chair. Two selec tions were played' by the Misses Daniel and Sanders on the piano' ma very finished way. A solo by the first-named lady, "Robin's Beturn," obtained a well-merited encore. A similar cotn plimeritwaspeidtoMr.Shsrpe for bis render ing of the comic song "The Belle of tiie Ball.' Mies A. Gollin Mnc " A Dream" in a wmw in dicative of a cultured voice, the sweetness of which would have been more apparent if the lady at tbe instrument had subdued her playing somewhat. Mrs. Sanders sang very effectively " Half-mast High," and obtained a fair meed of applause. The Chairman gave a good rendering of a recitation entities! " The Divert and in a subsequent reading ma&age;&'to bring oat a good deal of the covert fua in one of Mrs. CaudKs lectures. Other songs and solos were given by the ladies and gentlemen already named. Atthe seventeenth and lastnareasnta tionof"HenrytheFifth''atthcTlil?ilin?ofal on Thursday evening every portion-of the aftuse was crowded to assess, and tiie play appeared to have lost nothing of its attractiveness, bat rattier to have gained in popular favor by ia many repetitions. Mr.Bignold as ESng Harry was seeeived witii as much enthusiasm as ou the opening night; and all fin other members [ of tbe company, bang more1 proficient in their parts,were aha di—iisjiigof theapphwse■tbat ! was WsMwad^spon nhSk-^WtJ%mmm to understand why tlas^teee has been taken off the stage just when it appears to be ia the full tide of pHMperlty; but it is quite probable that Mr. BJgnold's newest as aa eetbr wi? attract eqnaMy"large lioasaiiliii ilia the tost week of his stay here m *he several ritiai nitre that be wffl -assume. ttMright be takes his benefit, said will play two of hfe most favorite parts— ' W3liam,to-Douglas JerroUte nautical drama of "Black-eyed Sussn£i and Odaael Ohallice, drama "•Atone. 11 IntiAetattaeter Jlr.Bignold appeared for upwards of srhnnartdaigharat the Oourt Theatre, London, aad his perfoammoe j? doeciibed as a marvellous one. Tbe ;plpt 3s interesting, and shows hofr much misetrmay be caused by flic writing of an anonymous latter, wbica wrecks the happmess of the Colcnel «V"^ his daughter Margaret. Aco&vemziene; in -coaaedaon with the Pirie-steet Mutual Impnvemoit Assodatios wMessm?ebeedfatbel?irle^reetC«Ctuie?aU, oniDmrsday eveniag, Jmy M. There waaaa interestfng«xhibitionieCwerksof art, eefadtilc instruments, and curios, lent by members of the Sostety and friends, ana the conversazione was IMnJfMftMMtsMy-■* t■■«l!■ ? Vy «raj? .«* Ami. tion. On the wallsofthe room were showna large number of paintings, oleographs ?and engravings, principally oontriwiited by Massrs. Smitii' and. Thomas, Moulton, F. C. Coombs. D. Kelvin, J. Wallace, E. T. AnaeUs, and J. M. AnneQs. Books of angravings, inelnding a fine series of volumesentitled - Australiamustrated,"photo graphs, and other artistic productions, were profusely scattered over the table. Mr. Culley lent a pretty collection of statuettes in alabaster and other ornaments; Mr. P. T. Soott showed several pictures of the Philadelphia Kxhmitiqn of 1876, stamped by steel dies in Hack walnut, and some beantifol specimens ofpoonah paint ing were exhibited by Miss Bait Acollectionof ottomans sod cushions was contributed by Mn>. Vivian Thomas. One of tbe most interesting exhibits in the hall was a satinwood box with the celebrated willow pattern engraved en it by Nicarsgnan natives, who had no carving appa ratus bot a penknife. This cariosity was shown by Mr. D.Paul. Among tbe other curios an old Bible, printed in IS9S. is worthy of msntjo-j. This Bible, wnicfa was snown by Mr. P. T. Scott, contains the translation of the Old Testament made by Archb'&op; Parker, and was vulgarly known asthe ** Breeches Bible,'' from the render-. ing of the word "apron" in Genesis ii. 7, as "breeches." The New Testament bound with the same Volume is Beza's translation from the Greek, and tbe whole book, as issued during the reign of Elizabeth, is the last trandation^of the Setipturee made before the Tersionpunlished ia tbe time of James I, which is still in general me. Science wa# fairly represented at the con vsrsazlone, and tiie instnuuents exhibited formed aa exceedingly -interesting feature. Two telegraph instruments, contributed by Mr. Croft, 'of the Telegraph Department, were shown in work, messages being conveyed by wires stretched from one end of the room to the other. Mr. A. W. Debbie exhibited Edison's •wonderful invention, the phonograph, and dnrmc the early part of tiie evening tested its capabilities by practical experiments. The phonograph shown is the best Mr. Dobbie ha* yet succeeded in constructing. The words spoken into the mouthpiece were reproduced with considerable exactness, even the tone of the voice being to some extent preserved. The Yosng Menfe Society, -exhibited a grapbeseope and microscope, and other scientific instruments which it is unnecessary to specify were also in the room. A pleasing foataxe of was a display of potplanta lentibr the occasion byMr-T.Hocart. The musical portion of the entertammeat was under tha direction of Mr. W. B. Ohjnner, who presided at tiie pianoforte with his usual ability. Solos ware given by IGss Kugleman, Mr. G. Daniel, and Mr. J. Oolton, and several «bt«™M were rendered in excellent style by members of tbe Pirie-street Church choir. Becttatitms aad readings were given by Messrs. O.'Maley,J. M. Annells, and Mr. P. A. Eobin. During tiie evauing there waa a large attendance Of visitors and friends, and she proceedings altogether passed off vary pleasantly. The conversazione will be eon faaasd tins aveamg. setnuiA ... u ovu UHBIWW ... U«OU Sliuman ... 0510 iuela 0*080 fowler's Bay... 0630 I Peake ... ' ... OHW& PowdnOk. ... w-SBOJ EtamaatCk.... 0^00 9felyWM«n.;. •■100 MtaWivayaSi*. 0060 ??rin?... I.. ?750 i?ortAnr>Bta... 0*«0 Kdrbw ... 0«t0 mimmgtoo ... 1O40 [«m«... ... OX78 Port PWe * ... 0 400 Pert Victoria... 0 9SO ' HaHUnd ... O80n rorketown ... 0OS0 Sdhbburgb ... 0O70 Webtworth ... OC80 Overland Otbt. 0-480 Kotth WeitBend 0-660 Slanebetown... 0-64« Rivertbn ... 0440 Capooda ... 0170 raaanda ... 0-110 Uannom ... 0-StO Jaaeatovn ... O-Sad {ftadrtone ... O-Ma Georgetown ... 0*3C Badhill ... 0«8C Kmringft ... l-OOG XtmU'afUt... 0*8C CUM ... ... O87C Auburn ... (MSd HayUta* ... 046G &alakUvs; ... 0«M Part Wakefield 091C Wallaroo ... O74fl Kauiins ... 07<M Hooata ... 0-4M Mount Pleasant 0*78 Gamermoba ... 0170 Mount Tonm 0 880 A.<leU1de ... <H)50 i Uaoat -'Bilker' ?4tS Stratfcalbrn .„ 015<l WiUnnga ... OO30 Fowler'. Bar ... O.53C Streaky Bay ... OSOC Kingston ... O-04'j PeooU ... 003C Mooat Gambler 0.07C 