TO TBE EDITOR OF THE MBKCUBY. SIB,—I notice with regret in your, last issue, that a party signing himself "Veritas" should have the audacity to write and denounoe all that had appeared in your paper, and Bome other paper which he does not name, as gross misrepresents lions of. what had taken place in oonneo tion with the laudable efforts put forth by those in favour of a Municipality for Campbelltown. "Veritas" states that " he is not a puiisan^pf either party,' whioh. I have no hesitation in saying is a gross falsehood. I think I have soented him out and if my eurmise is correot l he is not only a partisan but a leading one; and in addition to that xme of the l&ost; unscrupulous schemers with whioh any com munity can be afBieted. He iB also a most plausable indivfdu«l,somBekand"witbal so cfefty; with a mind so constituted and a conscience so elastic, that he can with the sweetest. oomplaoency believe that wrong is right and right wrong. He is not oaly a pMtisan of tne worst type, bnt what I might term a gulling partiBian. After gulling his best friends to obtain signatures to the counter petition, many of which were secured in a moBt improper way and when they began to realise they bad been made tools of to do "Veritas's 1 ' dirty s p r I work, he then saw it was neoeasaiy in order to toy and retain their confidence, to concoct and put together a tissue of falsehoods. By so doing h6 also thought to screen himself and mislead the public. Besides, be had the idea that it might catoh tbe eye of those that hare the final disposing of til e evidence taken at the late inquiry and ;bjss them against those that petitioned for the inmiiry, I aro not going to commit myself and say that I am not p partisan on either side, for it stands to ,reaNon if I were not. I would not feel any interest in the matter and consequently would not trouble my head about it, ana I am quite certain that you would ne7er have been troubled with "Veritas," cant, if he had in truth been what he declared himself to be. Does it not stand to reason that the veiy fact of him writing at ell&nd; so wide of tbe truth, which can be proved by tbe evidence, he condemned himself at the veiy atajrp. Then, again, hehas the hardihood to assert a gross' falsehood, when he states that tbe preliminary' ihe^G KM only attended by a .few, and pifesidetl ovSr by one of. the jnnior magistrates.' f ass.ert, ^thotyt te&f; of pOntrodiotion, Pj'W'^ WrHy atwff^: the wHpffittrlwm&mfm; h>w sfcmh |w«de4 »Fsr sj9f 'fflflmw.I of Und») '8Uerifl, And f am in Una district will a.|ree is one of our most respeotfid publio mnJ And if not the oldest resident here, he has been identified with the distriot for the pasii fifty years.. Allusion has been made to the fanners, and from what I know <.f them in this neighbourhood) if they could only find out .who this lying, mysterious •> v«rifa.o» jg^ there would be another fisher's ghost stoiy to tell before - long, for they aie-too hocof-able''to: associate.twm> sdvea witU any one that.would atfempt t9 make ijght ofa man irhnn they alt'honour and esteem. Would that we liad more men like Chippendall and fewer snarling, sne^ting wolves like «• "Veritas." Vnrilfm " "«' Veri Vari. tasaays many trore prevented from attending the prelimintty meeting tin a ptiint of etiquette. < The xnany can only - meab' "Veritas": himself; for -with him it i» not etiquette to attend any public meetings, where matters can bp discnesed in a (fee and open manner. But rather it suits the nature of uie animal to closet in private with a few of his own kidney, aha there hatch all manner of evil against everything that is being devised by others in an open manner for the puolic'good. : " Veritas " makes a boast, that it must be some guarantee, that heisjon therightsidewhen; tbe names of suohnminaries renowns d for their high attainments in. the .regions ,cf thought in connection with the ^nimai kingdom, are found wtitteb on the odtmter petition. .Tes. '^VeritW," might Well exclaim, find me jjre^ter authorities Id this or any other country than are three of toy guarantee names on the quality of a beef steak, a fat bullock, or a pair of younj 1 stiokers. Of conrse the gnat namsaaUudei to belong to the npper.tent and-anust be looked up to with ' reverent' awe and gratitude for their many condescensions to the poor benighted Campbelltownonians. When we consider the young- stripling scarcely out of his teens got a place in "Veritas's" calender of saints it shows that crafty " Veritas " has -some problem to. solve more difficult tban the area of the proposed municipality. Not that I consider the stripling is much Of a sucker, for even if he were, "Veritas," as a kind and considerate mate, will take care thatjie has all the sucking to his own cheek. I have road with care the reports forwarded by 'your correspondentre the inquiry, and althouf' they are neoessarily much curtailed, yet H substance is substantially correct. Such can be gathered from perusing the evidence. From the mutilated manner in whioh it is produced by " Veritas," it can be seen at _ glance that it is 'written in such a strain as to suit his pnrpoBe in trying to traduce the actions of honorable men, who have the interest and welfare of the community at heart. "Veritas" would like very much to make the people believe that the petitioners , were at fault in causing tbe inquiry to be made, but I am glad to find many that allowed thenuelves to be deceived in the past by 11 Veritas" have made up their minds to act for themselves in the future, since they have had their eyes opened to the dishonourable way in whioh matters were placed before them during the late inquiiy. We are told: bad we consulted tbe utmers who reside within the proposed area, all might have been welL Now that is just what we did do, and still had a majority, after allowing the oounter petitioners what they obtained from tbe first petition. Bat this mock sympathy of "Veritas" for the poor farmers wfll not go down, for they are getting sick of such cant; ana it is more to their interest (and they can sefe it too) to have the district incorporated thau to ,the bulk of the town peopf I suppose if." Veritas" had the prospect of a stewardship, or a trusteeship, or a co* executorship in a laigeiiind that the proposed municipality had to place under the control of an acting trustee, he *ould be a}I smiles and grimaoeg to weloome tbe inauguration of a.municipality in this district ; and more especially if a nice little, commission after payment of woririni' expensesJgdt into the breeobes pockets o \ our sanotimoniouB " Veritas." O t with what delight he would bail the glorious event. Of course, when these sweet times Arrive, " Veritas", will be one of- ourselves, and we will behold him with smiling fiwe 4® onr acting trustee; and onr groat anxiety then will be to do all that wepdssi By - can to save our dear " Veritas" from that dreadfol malady trniBteesliip on (he brain, A medical expert has pronounced it inourable after it arrives at a certain staee. T7a .... it ii.. L - - • • » _ , ly j suffering from it to have their bum™ Scattered to tbe four winds of heaven than to. have a cranium foil and weighted down frith the harassing cares of so many trusteeships and co-ex-ships of different kinds. *J Veritas," in his last paragraph, "if left to the Government," is rather ambiguous. I hardly think ." Veritas" is such a fool, qut that he knows the matter must be left to fhe Government. Thien, if be does know, he hints at a base insinuation against the commissioner and the petitioning party, "that they will not leave the Government to. deeide without trying , to colour facts whioh have to be forwarded" to them." " Veritas"' need have so fear on that soore, me the eommiBsiotaer is a man of unimpeachable integrity, and one that ffill deal justly without being influenced one way tpr the other. . And as regards the petitioning party, they baye too much self-respect to contend for one iota more tfian what the result of the inquiiy will entitle them to. For the present, ! will allow " Veritas" to rest in his retirement, that all his wily dodges will not revent u« getting that standing disgr&oe; emoved from Ciunpbelltown arising from be want Of a municipality. I remain, &c.;, TRUTH. o p 