GENERAL NEWS; At the present time there are ten London steamers loading for-or on the way to Port Adelaide. They are the Afghan, 2,202 tons; Ghimborazo,2,443 tons; City of London, 3,212 tons; Ouzco ; Cyphrenes, 1,975 tons; Hankow, 3,594 tons; John Elder, 2,65ltons; Rotomatana, 1,800 tons; Sultan and Taenau, 1,800 tons. The following is Saturday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana, W., light, cloudy, fine; Farina, N.W., moderate, few clouds; fins, pleasant; Strangways Springs, N.W., strong, hazy, cool; Peake, calm, clear, fine, cool; Char lotte Waters, calm, cloudy,fine; Alice Springs, clear, fine, cool; Barrow Creek, S.E., light, clear, pleasant; Tennant Creek and Powell Creek, S.E., light, clear, fine, warm; Daly Waters, calm, clear, fine, pleasant; Katherine, calm, clear, fine, warm; Pine Creek and Tarn Creek, S.E., light, clear; warm; Southport S.E., light, clear, fine, very hot; Port Darwin, calm, clear, fine, cool. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Fri day and the same hoar on Saturday is regis tered as follows:— Adelaide CapeBorda ... CapeJervis ... Edithburgh ... Fowler's Bay... Gladstone Gumeracha ... Kingston Mannnm Meningie Mount Barker Mount Gambier Mount Pleasant Mount Torrens 0070 Moonta 0-060 0-220 Noarlunga ... 0*225' 0269 Norman ville ... 0-240 0-220 Narracoorte ... . 0-310 0-040 Port Elliot ... 0-244 0010 Port Lincoln ... 0-310 0.100 Port Yictoria... 0040 0-280 Penola 0-300 0 010 Robe ... ... 0-250 0 090 SfcanBbury ... 0100; 0-250 Streaky Bay ... 0-030 0-440 Strathalbyn ... 0*170 0 070 Willunga ... 0-250 0 030 Yorketown ... 0-140 The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court: were continued on Friday, before His Honor; Mr. Justice Boucaut. The case of Heylen v. Heylen, a wife's petition for a judicial separa tion, on the grounds of cruelty and insufficient; maintenance, was decided in favor of the husband. Mr. George Bean has sent in his report to the Government on the probability of a dia mond-field being found at Echunga, and we un derstand that he not only reports favorably of that district, but states that there are many; other places in the colony where diamonds ara likely to be found. The Rev. R. M. Hunter gave his lecture; on "The Scottish Covenanters" in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall on Friday evening, August 15, in . connection with the Pirie • street Mutual' Improvement Association. There was a mode rate attendance. The Rev. T. Lloyd (President of the Association) occupied the chair. The lecture was greatly appreciated, and at the close Mr. Hunter received a well-deserved vote of thanks. It is estimated (says the Minim/ Journal) that the loss in wages occasioned by the late stiike of colliers at Durham amounts to £640,000, £240,000 of which was borne by the men. Each miner has, it is said, lost £6 in wages in a strike in gaining 1J per cent, better terms than the owners offered at first, If per cent, being 3d. in the pound. The. colliers will have to work 9J years' to recover the £6 without reckoning interest. At a meeting of the Committee of the Home for Incurables held to consider the appli cations for the offices of Matron and Steward, t was resolved to appoint Mr. and Mrs. Eppeline. Much other business was attended to connected with the preparation of the Home for occupa tion, and the public will he pleased to know that the arrangements are so forward thatthe institu tion will shortly be ready for inmates. The rules for admission have also been passed, particulars of which can be learned from the Secretary. Who would not he a soldier ? If there are any waverers here or elsewhere who cannot make up their minds as to whether they will go and fight the Zulus, the following paragraph from the Chatham and Rochester Journal should act as an incentive to prompt deoision:—" In consideration of the gallantry displayed by the non-commissioned officers and men at Rorke's Drift, the issue has been sanctioned of one pair of tronsers and one flannel shirt to each man who was present on the occasion to compensate for damage to clothing." In connection with the volunter force it; may he mentioned that the captain for next week is Captain Madley, and the Subaltern-, Lient. Stuart. Corporals S. Patterson and M M. Maughan having passed their qualifying examination are eligible for promotion. A number of officers and non-commissioned officers: have formed themselves into a class for the purpose of learning army signalling, and they intend to devote every Tuesday afternoon to this branch of study. Colonel Downes is to give a lecture next week on " The battle of Tas kessen" (Bulgaria). In spite of the so-called " tight times," a great deal of building is going on in the prin cipal suburbs, and in North Kensington espe cially this is noticeable. Mr. J. Ruthven has within the last eighteen months finished no less than twelve villa residences in that locality, while two more are nearly completed and two are in coarse of erection. Most of these houses have been sold, and Mr. Ruthven intends build ing others very shortly. The fronts of these houses are built of freestone obtained from Mr. Ruthven's quarry at Magill, and water has been after considerable trouble laid on. Messrs. W. W. Gall & Son, the sole agents in the colony for the Royal Worcester Porcelain Company, have just received per Monaltrie a large consignment of the porce lain wares manufactured by this Company. There is - a very fine assortment of teapots, kettles, table decorations, flower and fruit stands, cheese and egg stands, fiotver baskets, tea sets, and many other articles pertaining to ; dinner, tea, and breakfast tables. The designs : of the various articles are insome cases beautiful , and elegant, and in others unique and novel. The flower stands are tastefully painted by hand, and the whole are carefully and artisti- , cally finished. This company, we understand, Las gained a considerable reputation. for its ' wares, and no doubt the goods imported by; Messrs. Gall & Son will meet with a ready sale. Anent the wonderful likeness of Prince; Jerome with Napoleon I., which is (says a' writer in London Truth) perhaps the best of his political capital, the following instance of the: vanity of glory is related by the Prince personally. He was travelling in the mountains' of Auvergne, and having left his carriage for the sake of walking a few miles, he had occasion to ask his way from a yonng peasant, and he rewarded him with.. a piece of silver. It, happened to be one with the effigy of Napoleon I., and having noticed the fact, the Prince asked the young man whether he knew who he was.; "No, sir, I den't,"was the reply. "Look at ■ that piece of silver; don't yon see the likeness ?" "Oh, yes!. How strange!" "Well, I am a nephew of the man on that piece—Napoleon." " But who is this Napoleon ?" returned the rustic. He had never heard the name before. A diamond brought from Echunga by Captain; Warren, who is now endeavoring to form a company to work some claims: he has taken np there, haB been shown to the Gawler Standard, which paper says, "the stone is of a pale straw color, and about 1§ carats in weight. It was suggested that a good test of the quality of the stone would be given if it were tried in the diamond stone- dressing machine which is at work at the Albion Mills, Gawler, and Captain Warren handed it over for the purpose. The person in charge of the machine, who has had a very large experience with various kinds of diamonds, reports that the stone is far superior to South African ones, being mnoh harder, and therefore of better quality. The friotioa of the work has had the effect of polishing the stone, showing that it is a real brilliant. After having been in use on two pairs of stones there is a slight wear, bat before a real test can be given a further trial is necessary. What has been done, however, is very satisfactory." WiitiDg from Alice Springs on June 10, a correspondent of the Northern Argus says :— "During the month of April the weather was very cold, more so than I have felt it before, and I have been living on the Overland Tele graph six or seven years. About May 1 ioe ap • peared on the water in the mornings. The country is clothed with grass, and Alien Water, where, the Government sheep are lambing," is beautiful. There are thousands of wild duoks and swans on the water, bat being- shot at a few times they soon become shy. The' natives don't show up now, as they speared some sheep not long since, but hot nnch notice is taken of . them. A trooper has lately been stationed here, but whether he will be of any service remains to be seen. The police have done no good as yet on this line. There are two or three Charlotte Water blacks at the station, their duty being to hunt for horses, but they are destructive and wasteful wretches, and not worth the "tucker' they consume. I reckon that Mr. Cooper who went through will wish himself back in settled districts again. By all accounts his overland trip will be a failure. It •is a-poor speculation to go oh in such a miserable country. _ On May 19 we had a heavy fall of rain which lasted nineteen hours, and was unexpected at that time of the year, and about the 25 th of the same month rain descended for 30 hours, which caused great loss of lambs, and the percentage in consequence is low. There seems to be some disease thiB year among the sheep—frothing at the mouth. The country would grow anything if we had regular rains. The late wet weather was quite an exception to all former years, tbere being no rains after March. Garden stuff grows well here if attended to,.but one must do a deal of watering; and it is not a well-watered country—i.e., permanent waters. Being an old Northerner, I consider when you leave Mount Bemarkable the country gradually gets worse in regard to land and timber,except in a few spots." A special meeting of the Council of the National Bifle Association was held at the Staff Office on Friday afternoon, August 14. There was a good attendance. Lieut.-Colonel Scott presided. The conditions in regard to the matches to be held in December were con sidered, and the programme was partly gone into, its farther consideration being postponed until another meeting. The Secretary of the New Sonth Wales Bifle Association wrote, answering a communication from the Council, and stating that the terms ef the International Match had- been fully considered before the conditions were issued. He pointed out the number of different weapons used among the competitors invited, ana said to bring all these together on equal terms would be almost impossible, although perhaps as far as New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia were concerned there would be little difficulty. The Victorian men had soon got accustomed to the rifle used in Sydney when firing there, and in this instance there would be sufficient practice \- to enable all competitors to do so. The auestion had again been considered by theSydney Council, who determined not to alter the conditions which had been made.. The Secretary was instructed to reply, saying that the Council felt sorry at the result of the corres pondence, but unless the teams competed with their own weapons a team under the aus pices of the Council would be debarred from competing. W. J. Ponder, Hon. Secretary of the Saddleworth Rifle Company, wrote, stating that the company being under the number of twenty, he with regret sent in their resigna tions. Action to recover subscriptions due by this company was directed to be taken. In answer to a communication from the Captain of Adelaide No. 1 Company, as to the definition of Rule 10 referring to " any position except. lying on back," the Secretary was instructed to reply that the rule applies equally to com pany praotice and matches and Council prize matches, or to class-firing only. An adjourned meeting of the Children's Hospital Committee was held in the Board-room of the Hospital, North Adelaide, on Friday afternoon, August 15. There was a large attendance. The Hon. J. Colton presided. JThe Treasurer reported that the receipts were £80 Is.2d.; payments, £172 16s. 8d.; amount in Bank,£3.1G0; current account, £23 lis. 7d.; subscriptions up to date, £5,410 15s. 8d.; and amount paid on account of building, £6,050. The Hon. Dr. Campbell read the medical staff report as follows:—"A meeting of the staff was held on July 30. There were present— Drs. Magarey, Verco, A. Campbell, W. Campbell, Way, and Curtis. It was recom mended to the General Committee:—1. That the North Adelaide outdoor dispensary be closed after August 15. 2. That the Hospital be opened on August 6 for the admission of patients. 3. That a discretionary power be given to the Acting- Committee to admit paying patients on the pure merits of the, case, as apparently no fairly work ing rule can be formed on the subject. 4. That the amount to be charged be not less than 10s. and not over 20s. a week. This rule should not override the general one that any child whose parents can pay for medical attendance at home should not be eligible for admission. 5\. That the rule requiring an applicant for out door relief to bring the recommendation of a duly qualified subscriber be brought into operation on the 1st of September. 6. That a list of subscribers be hungup at the dispensary, Currie-street." The report was adopted. A re port on the dismissal of Miss Hill was con sidered. . The Sub-Committee found that the differences between Miss Hill and the Lady Superintendent were such that it was impossible to reappoint her. The report was adopted. An application from Miss Hill for a year's salary was received and referred to a Sub-Committee for action. Mr. Grundy stated that the firm of Ingleby & Grundy would be glad to do what they could to get the Society incorporated. The Chairman considered that it was of the highest importance to have the Society incorporated. A resolution empowering Mr. Grundy to carry out the work was passed. The necessity of appointing a House Com mittee was discussed, and Dr. Campbell proposed that Mesdames Colton, Carter, Campbell, Jacobs, Wills, and Glyde be ap pointed a temporary House Committee. Carried. The Treasnrer was empowered to pay the salary of the Lady Superintendent from month to month. It was stated that there were seven children in the Hospital already. The propriety of having a formal opening was discussed; and the President, Messrs. Colton, Mildred, and Dr. Campbell, and the Secretary were appointed a Committee to fix the day and make the neces sary arrangements. The Secretary reported that Mr. Abcock, who was an unsuccessful tenderer for the supply of mattresses to the building, had made a present of his sample. To be acknowledged with thanks. The Chairman stated that he had just been informed that the proceeds of a concert given by Mr. Clark and the Grote-street Model School children in aid of the funds of the Hospital amounted to £31. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Clark and the children. A final sale of goods in connection with the Children's Bazaar, which was recently opened by Lady Jervois, will be held to-day in St. Joseph's, Kensington. The Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban Railway Company announce that on and after August 17, the 2.45 up train on Sundays will call at Goodwood. We are informed that 3,600 copies of the Australian Dictionary of Dates and Men of the Time had been sold in Sydney up to August 8, or in about two months from the first appear ance of the work. An entertainment is to be given in the Gouger-street Academy this evening by an Ethiopian Minstrel Company. There was a medium attendance at White's Rooms on Friday evening to witness the Ghost entertainment. To-night is the last of the exhibition. There was a fair attendance at the Theatre on|Friday|evening, when the burlesque of "Blue beard" was repeated. The leading members of the company acquitted themselves to the satis faction of the audience, and were frequently called before the curtain. The juvenile ballet caused great amusement, and was redemanded. " Bluebeard" is to be repeated to-night for the last time. Football matches will be played this afternoon as follows: — Victorians v. Ade laides, at Montefiore Hill; Norwoods v. South Parks, on the Norwood ground; Kensington v. South Adelaide, on Kensington Oval. Second Twenties—Adelaide v. Victorian, on Adelaide ground; South Park v. Norwood, on Soutb Park ground; Kensington v. South Adelaide, on South Adelaide ground. The first entertainment by a professional company that has yet taken place at Wilming ton was given by theLynch Family of Bellringers on Wednesday evening. There was a crowded attendance, abont 200 persons being present. The entertainment passed off successfully, and at the conclusion Mr. Lynoh thanked the audience for their patronage. The Bellringers during the ensuing week will appear at Laura and Port Pirie. 