THE; CET OF THE WRETCHED. Eon hours along tho .crowdod stroot, With aimless steps I'vo trod, Without a homo or hopo in lifo, "With soareo a hopo in God. This cruel night is titting oloso To .such a crushing day ; The earth is, oh ! so dreary cold ! . And heaven so far away. .Tho friendless rouse no anxious thoughts, Tho busy throng swoops on ; I've stayed beyond the city's lights, Tho twilight's groy has gone ; '.My useless arms have failed to win- , '." .' A "crust, a pince to stay ; ' Earth has no work, no room for mo, ' /And heaven is far away. 0 groat, wide world ! O frowning sky ! ?. So cheerless and so vast, 1 dare your'keen and cutting sloot, 1 Your piercing, bittor blast ; Bago, howl, and lash this living spark , ' írom out tho'tortured day, That feels existence dark, all dark, And hoaron so far away. \- How dull and black bosido my fast ñ .Tho sluggish river rolls ; - It beckons as a demon might , ? ; To luro unhappy souls. Its slimy voice ia wlúsporing, .» Hero rost in poaoq f or ayo ; G God 1 tho river is so near, .. ; And heaven so far away. I Do THE DYING SUITES Paraf-Peoplo do j not Uko to think of .doath. ; It ia an unploas ant subject; but it constantly obtrudes it self, anet there bas been muob spéculation as to whothor mental or physiaal pain attends tho final act. Observation teaohes us that there is Httlepoin of oithor kind in dying:. Exporienoo -will como to ns nil ono of these days, but it/mUcomo too lato to benefit those .who romain./. It sooms to be a ldnd provision of nature that, as wb approach'tho droad ovont, our terrors diminish, and'tho' ooword and tho hero dio aUko-fearless,, modifieront, or resigned, As j to phyBioal ;pâin, Dr. Edward H.:.Clark,-in ''Visions, says: "Tho rule is' that unoousoidusncis, not pain, attends th« final act. To the subject 1 at ii death is ita mora peiafol áma bil UL. PairJesaly fro eome ; whenae wo know not. Painlessly go ; whither we know not. Na ture kindly j provides an antesthetio {for the body when tho spirit leaves it. Previous to that moment, and in preparation for it, respiration becomes feeble, generally slow and short, often accomplished by long in spiration and short, sudden expirations, so that the blood is steadily less and less oxy- genated. At the same time the heart acts with corresponding debility, producing o slow, feeble, and often irregular pulse. As this process goes on,, the blood is not only driven to the head with diminished force,, and in leas quantity, but what flows there is! loaded more and more with carbonio acid gtiBj a powerful anaesthetic, the same as that derived from charcoal. Subject to its in-; fluence the nerve centres loso consciousness and sensibility,. apparent sleep creeps over the system; thon oomes stupor, and then the end." , How DID ST. .PAUL LOOS,-A carions disoussion between M. Bonan and M. M6z ières concerning the personal appearance of St Paul has followed the public reception of M. Benan into the French Academy. M. Benan ' has described St. Paul as a bald man, of Bhort stature, aquiline nose, meet ing eyebrows, pale face, small head, pierc ing eyes, thick beard, prominent shoulders, and bow lees. Challenged to explain whence he derives all these remarkable details of St. Paul's personal appearance, he has cited the " Acts of Thekla" as his authority for the aquiline nose, the bald-: ness, the meeting eyebrows, the small stature, and the bow logs-and the eccle siastical history of Nicephrus for the small bead, the piering eyes, the pale facey the thick beard, and tho prominent shoul ders. As M. Benan would certainly not accept either of these very unhistorical authorities as his warrant for any statement intrinsically improbable, we wonder why he so eagerly appeals to them for matters not intrinsically improbable. An apocryphal writer who will freely invent portents, will bo quite as ready to invent their circum stantial framework. Would anyone in hiB senses go to Defoe's " Apparition of Mrs. Veale" with the view of, discovering not what Mrs. Veale't ghost was like-being rationalistic enough to rejeot the ghost as a fib of Defoe-but what Mn. Veale -herself was like, where she had lived) and what where her circumstances ? The ways of imaginative rationalists are oertainly won derful, and their affirmations often stranger I than their denials. -Th» (Spectator. THE name of a Nen Hampshire school is Ma; I Cough. It is much more common to hear sohool-teaohers addressed as May I; Ornant, -Alta uahfarinan. 