COLONIAL. (From oun own Oorbebfondent.) MAOKAY. ' . : Friday. Tho entries for tho nnnual raoos olosed last night, and aro considered satisfactory. ".There aro four outrios for the Siros' Produoo Stakes, six for tho All-aged Stakes, sovon for tne nouoor tlnuilioap, tliroo tor tno tinok Hnrdlo Rnoo, sovon for tbo Maidon Plato, and oight for the Maokay Turf Club Handioap. Eaglet and Doreadiso did not aooept in the last- named ovont. The sohoonor Mystery leaves noxt wook on a rooruitiog trip to the South Son Islands. Nothing important wns elicited iu tho onquiry into her prooeodings wliilo rescuing a boat from tho nativos of Aobn Island. Wrimglor aud Nowlawn are tho favoritiee for the handicaps. EmtATUM. — In our leader of yostorday, for " it was tho votos of tlio inon omployod, that tnruod tho oleotiou against Mr. Uuznaott in Roclcbampton, and Mr. Maofarlanc in IpBwioh,', read "againBt Mr. Bnznoott, and ill favor of Mr' Mnofnrlnuo in Ipswich." Tms Nisw CoMiins, — But few engagements woro made up to 4 o'olook yoBtorduy afternoon; six siuglo girls, and ono marriod oouplo only having obtnincd situations. Somo fow of the mon linvo lait tlio dopGt for tho purposo of sookiug work outsido the town. Tho warder speaks vory highly of his visitors ; stating that thoy aro oxooodingly orderly and well bohnved, and auxioue to got to work. t Special Religious SKnvioEs.— Our Primi tive Mothodist brethren must ho oommonded ' for thoir oxertions |n endoavoring to divort the attention of -the how arrivals from the many temptations which beset thom npon arriving on oar shores,. A spoolal evapgolioal sorvioo was hold at tho Fitzroy-streot Primitlvo Motho dlst Ohuroh last evoning, tho sorvioo boing principally for tho bouoflt of tho immigrantr by tho Soottish Lassio. The ohuroh wns filled on tho ocoasion, and tho congregation wo I almost wholly oomposod of immigrants, there being only abont a dozen " old ohume" pro- sont. Addrossos suitablo to tho occasion, and abounding in good adviao, wore delivered by the Revs. J. Williams, R. Hnrtloy, and; J. Cameron. Ono of the immigrants presided, at tho harmonium, and led a ehoir composed .of his shipmates, who sang bxoollontly Bomo of Q 1 ail. — _IA„-Al »11 A tin uuuHujr a , uyiuuB iuu unutmuuB ui bu huv ohnrohos, the hours of servioo, and tho names of the Ministers, were announood before tho oloso of tho sorvioe. School of An-ra, — Tho ohango of programme announced for last evening, brought togother a vory good oudionco to soo tho now eorios of Carlton's "Ghosts." Tho porformanoo ooin- monood with an adaptation of tho opera of " Faust," teaming with ghoBtly spootnolos, and relieved by the rendering of somo of tho most familiar airs from tho opera, by Mr. Down and Mies Violet Roso, in whioh thoy acquittod tbomeolves to the entire satisfaction of tlio audience. A musical interludo followed, in whioh Mr, Down gavo " tho Death of Nelson " (rcoltative und aria) with stirring offeot ; and Miss ViolotRosu sang exquisitely tho sweot ballad " Oomo Birdio Come." The balancing feat iu tho noxt part wus muoh roliBbed tho BusponBion in tho air bringing down tnc house. Tho remaining now features of tho ontertainmoat woro tho Ethiopian farce "Cnmillo" and a oomio skotoh "Those Heath on Ohinose," tho "Ghosts" in whioh areatcd as muoh astodishmont as the real personalities did amusomout. Tho groat Ethiopian faroo of " Cnmillo " will be repeated this evoning, in whioh Miss Roso will repeat her. oharming song of " Wo parted by tho rivor." Tho performances woro brought to a oIobo by the much-admired " Pat, tho Bailiff." Theatre Royal.— Shukospoaro's mustorpiooo, " Hamlet," was porformod last night to tlio beBt houso of tho wook. Tho part of Hamlot was porsonated by Mr. A. B. Clinton, and for so yonng aud evidently inexporionood an uotor wns very respootablo. His interpretation of the oharaotor was fair, but his voioe failed to seqoud his oonooptiou, and was frcquoutly in audible, not having suffioiont sustaining power, dropping at the and of his sentenoos, besides which ho galloppod too muoh ovor tho text, in wbioh ho was followed by inoBt of the othor diamatis persona. Wo much prefer him in burlesque, and scarcely think tragedy his forto. Miss Stophonson's Ophelia wns remarkably good, but Mr. Hosford's Polouius was the -best thing wo have yot soon this promising notor attompt, and wna immensely npprocinted by tho audionoo, who tostifiod thoir approval by marked and gonoral applause. In conoluding wo must not omit to congratulate Mr. Mortyno upon his King Claudius ; ho played it right royally, and looked it too. To-night tlio Ghost is announced to make his appearanoo and to quota " Hamlot, " will " mako a ghost of liirn that lot's him." Wo only hope it won't bo " a ghost oi a house." Police Comer.— At tho Folico Court yostor day before tho Polico Magistrate, an assault caso was withdrawn by aonsent of the Benob. In the oaso of Patriolc Egau v. August Eiso- mann, for brenoh of the Impounding Aot, Mr. Thomson from Mr. R. R. Jonos' offioe, ap peared for complainant and asked for leave to withdraw summons. Withdrawn accordingly. unarms nuwara naicnp, on rcmana rrom tno 11th inBt. oharged with embezzlomout, was again brought up. Bonior-Sorgennt Moldruin stated ho had reooivod a warrant for prisouor's apprehension, for embezzling the sum of £2 2s, 6d., bolongiug to Messrs, Frank Taylor and Co., Oometvillo. Ho appliod for his remand to Comctville, whoro the offonoe was alleged to havo boon committed. Tho remand was granted. Another Bondabeho Job.— Tho Govoru mont retronohmont is certainly carried on in a very left-handed kind of fashion, for wo observe that another inspootor of works on tho Bundaberg and Mouut Porry rnilway has boon appointed, although tho lino, by all aooountB,is already ovor inspootored — but then Govern ment supportors must bo provided for. Iho lucky man is a Mr. Gamraie, lutoly a Congre gational minister ut Bundaborg, whoso congre gation is reported to have left him; he was also aa aativo agont during the late oleotiou contest in tho oleotorato of Mulgravo in tho interest of Mr. M'llwraitli. Wo fail to seo tho qualifications of Mr. Gamrnia for tho appoint ment. It is said ho is better acquaiutod with tho manufacture of pots audkottlos, being a tinsmith by trade. 11 lao e Spots.— The application mads by Mr. A. Martin, suggesting the advisability of patting a gas-light on .tho William-Btreot bridge, crossing Uio - iuniiv drain, is ono that will, in all probability, bo adoptod by tho Council, it beiug uekiiowledgad that it was tho most disorodilablu and larrikiu-taintod part of the town. It is u fuvorito resort of Kanakas, of hoys who havo boen, and aro being, oduoatetl iu our primary Bohnols, of womon of unouBy virtue, aud of ragamuffins— both raasouliuo and feminine— who render ovening aud night hideous by their filthy and foul conversation as woll as by thoir disgusting conduct. The plaoing a gae-liplit at this siuk-holo of iniquity may poBsibly havo tho offout lossoniug tho nuisance, by driving tlioso away who havo somo sense of sbamo left in thom ; but wo sug gest that tho polioo occasionally put iu an attoudauoo wliou thoy know or hour whon and whoro the gatherings of tho sonm take place, and cithor arrest thom and bring them before our P.M., who wou't sparo them, or givo thom a tusto of the stook-whip, spooially pioviilod for tho occasion. Tho larrikiu oloinent, not a littlo factored and assistod by tho Kanakas, who appour to he thoroughly up to every kind of civilised and uncivilised vioe, is nssuming features rathor more prominont than agrooablo. And the quoBtion is, what nro wo to do with our black importations f Wo oauuot got rid of thom ; there are many of thom quito satis fied to ntnv where thov arc. and. unfortunately. thoy havo muny temptations to do so. Wo aro of opiuiou that, as tho Kanakas oauuot, or will not, oonduot thainsolvos in a innnnor some what in aooordanoo with the rulos of sooicty, tboy should bo compolled to remain at home— wbatovor home that mny be— nftor, say, 8 p.m. This would, at auyrnte, provont many scenes whioh nro us disgusting to look npou, as thoy aro disoroditublo to tho town. Wo aro awaro that our polioo oannot patrol tho town thoroughly, booauso tho forao at oommaud is not equal to requirements ; but an ouonsionnl visit to woll-kuown black spots might oventuato iu roduoing tho poroontago of immorulity, and in allowiog those who rosido in tho neighborhood to sit at homo with opou doors and windows. Burton's Cmous.-Mosers. Wood and Wood kindly showed us a telegram yesterday which they received from Oaptuin Cottier, from Buti daborgj Tho telegram stated thnt the Lady Bowon would loavo Bundaborg to-morrow (tht day), and that Burton's Cirorn would transhii to the Yaralla iu Keppol Boy. It will thorofor bo seen that tlio Circus, instoad of ooining u, to Rookhampton. will go on direct to Maokn by tho Yaralla, which is to loavo horo till evening. 0\. Q. G. and F. Society.—' Tho tnombors o. this Snolety hold their nnnual mooting nt 11 o'clock this morning, nt Mr. F. Gregory's Normanby Hotel. Tub Normanby. — Tho R.M.S. NoimRnhy, with the inward Torres Straits mails, lei: Townsvilie at U'30 p.m. on Thursday, and after oalling nt Bowon is duo in Koppel Bay . . . mi__ -TtlHv tlin PnRfc offloo iOU -uuujiy, offloials on board, will leave tho A.S.N. Uonr pony's wharf at 6 o'olook this ovoning to moot the mnil stonmor, Bnd will probably rotnrn about 8 o'olook to-morrow morning. A do- livory may thoroforo bo oxpocted to take place to-morrow morning boforo ohuroh hours. Hospital. — State of tho hospital for the weok onding Friday, 18th Juno Admitted during tho wcok — 11 moles, 6 females ; dis charged— 12 moles, 1 female; died— 1 male, Thomas Carroll ; remaining in hospital— 63 males, 17 females ; total, 89. Six patients in the speoial ward. The Stabbing Case at the Loqan. — Tho following parngrnph, from tho Courier on W ed- nesdny lost, contains fuller particulars than thoso oontainod in our telegrams respecting the abovo ontrago A very Borious oaso of stab bing ooourrod ut tho Logan yostorday. From a gentloman who arrived from Ueonioign last night wo have loarnod tlio following particulars of tho affair. It appears that, at about 9 a.m., tho liov. Fathor Scorteohini, tho yiotim of the assault, was sitting in a room nt bis rosidonoo, Caprn Valo, Logan Rivor, with men named Sainnel M'Goldriok, when tho lattor nskod for a settlement in eonnaotion with his brothor's will, of whioh tho rev. gontlomen is sn oxcoutor. Tho demand wbb rofusod, whereupon M'Goldriok, saying " Hero's at you, tlion," stabbed the other with a knifo botweou tho fifth aud sixth rib. Mr. Plunkott having takon the nows to Boonleigb, tho polioo- magistrate (Mr. Ranking) aud Dr. Fonsworth prooooded to tho soono of the outrage, wliilo constables Qaiolan and Moylun started in pur suit of tho porpotrator of tho dood. M'Goldriok was nrrustod at Logan Village, and conducted to tbo priest's rosidenao, whoro tbo lattor's deposi tion was takou in his prasenoo, after whioh bo was rAmnnriAri fn Rrnnlnirvli _ fn tin hrnilirht tin tliAffl on Monday noxt. Tho latent information con- oorning the sufferer is to the effoot that, although' tho wound is u vory serious one, no immodiato danger is upprohonded from it. Allioators. — Wo hoar from a rosidontabovo Yaamba th'ut tho alligators are increasing in tbo river, to rathor an alarming oxteut, no loss than scvon boing soon at ono timo and placo. They havo already disposod of several horaos and are on tho look out for otlicro — all's fish that oonios to thoir not. In tho winter months thoy always sliow up, coming to tho surfaco in tho warmest part of tho day for a bango on tho rivor bank. Our Imuiqrants. — Somo of tho immigrants who arrivod by tho Scottish Lassio appoar not to have profited much by tbo sohool-raastor being, abroad, or by the knowledge imparted to tbcm by trained masters. The dull, common place routino — tho oonaoloss, monotonous, apd uuintorostiug round of what is called educa tion, mekos hut slight impression upon tho minds of tboso who, as soon as thoy tarn their backs upon the school doors, have to toil for their living, and who, as a rule, oomo into con. tnot, cither more or loss oloso, witn tbo pitch or ooiety. Therefore, wo woro hardly surprisod to loam from Bomo of tho immigrants th'nt thoy woro under tho impression Queensland was inhabited by blacks, and that thoy wore astonished to find white people in the town who oould speak to thom in thoir own language. It is pretty evident, therefore, that thoy were not interviowed by our agent, by his agonts, or their agents, and that thoy havo oomo to Queensland in tho anticipation of finding themselves monnrohB of all they survey, with a lingoring doubt in thoir minds that thoy might possibly bo served up for breakfast to his Majosty the King of tho Cannibals. Wo may assure our now-oomors that we arc oivilisod, and quite tame, and, moreover, that wo are ploasod to soo them, and will do our best to mako thom as corafortablo as possible. Wo will, liowovor, offor them a word or two of adviao ; and they may bo sure, if thoy aooopt and aot up to it, that they will ovontually make their way, although thoy may have a hard fight at first. Times are not vory bright just now, labor is plentiful, and work not over abundant; therefore, it will bo advisablo in the oxtromo for both males and fomalos, and married and single, to acoopt whutover situa tions may ho offorod to thom, whothor in town or oountry, nnd work on qnietly and steadily until they can improvo thoir conditions. Thoro is plenty of room for all who may oome ; the only breaker ahead is tlio question of wages, and we seriously advise tho arrivals by tho Scottish' Lassio not to staud out for extrava gant rates, or to liston to thoso who may ad vise thom to rofuso a good homo and pay, which, liowovor low it may bo, will bo con - siborobly in oxoess of what thoy could got a ' home. Get sottlod, koop away from F.B. novor mind hard work, and suoaoss is certain. The Hospital. — The usual monthly inootiug of tho Committoo of tho Port Curtis aud Leiohhardt XIoBpitai was held at tho Court Houso yesterday afternoon, whon t he follow ing members woro present Captain IIunEor (Prosidont) iu tlio ohair, Messrs. W. Pattisoa, J. W. Faco, J. Brown, A. Feoz, E. P. Livor- moro, J. Ferguson, T. T. Faunco, .T. Hoadriok and Dr. Campbell (Seoretary). Tho minutes of tho last monthly moetiug aud of two spooial meetings held Biuoo then, woro confirmod, Tho Treasurer stated that on tho 25tli of January last lio sent to tho Colonial Soarotary a list of sabBoriptions to tho ond of Docombor last, Bhowing that £546 lis. lOd. had beon collected, but ho had not yot reeeivod any reply SB to whothor tho Govornment had placed a Bimilar amount to their credit in tho usual way. On tho motion of Mr. Pattison, scoondod by Mr. Brown, it was rosolvod that tho Colonial Treasurer bo asked to placo tho atnoaut to tho orcdit of tho Hospital. Mr. Fattison stated that tho following tenders had boen aoooptod for furnishing tho now wing of tho Hospital :— For bods, bedding, and upholstery, Mr. M'lutosh ; for blankots, shoo.iug, and mosquito Dotting, Mossrs, Stownrt and Lucas ; for oountorpaues, Mossrs. J. \V. B'aca and Co. ; and for towels, Mossrs. Islos Finnoy and Co. Mr. Brown suid lio hoard from tho Wardsinun that sovorul pationts had rocontly boon ndinittod to tho iiospital on tho ordor of tho wifo of a comuittco men, whioh ho did not think should l ho allowod, ' Tho President,, aud othor oomo I luittoo mon exprossod tho opinion that it was vory irregular, Pr. Oamiiboll oxplalnod that all the orders for admission of pationts that ho had rbcelvod wcto signed with numo of tlio 'committeeman whoso wifo was nllnd® j0' Tho President mentiouod that there now ro- mtinod very littlo to bo dono to complete vho furnishing of tho now wing and he would thoroforo move that whon it was oomplotod a state mont bo forwardod to tho ColoffiM- Soorotary showing how tlio monoy had gK? oxpondod. Tho motion was sooondod by tJfm, Livormoro nnd carried. Aooounts for thdt month nmonnting to £802 8s. 3d. were passed for paymout. Some disousion took place, arising out of a question by Mr. Livermore, as to whothor Dr. Patterson had boon notified of his appointment to tbo position of surgeon and secretary to the hospital. It boing stated that Dr. Patterson had been so informed, Mr. Face askod whether any roply had .boon reoolved, to which a negative answer b"'"" Mr; Faoo asked what thoy were to do suppos ing, as was reported, that Dr. Patterson aooopted the Burgoonship of tho Spriogsnre hospital. The presldont said he supposed thoy would havo to invito fresh applications, as they did boforo. Tho subject thon dropped, the general opinion being that as thoy know nothing officially of tho matter, thoy should wait till Dr. Patterson ropliod to tho Secretary's » lottor. Tho mooting olosed with a motion expressing the ooroploto satisfaction of the Committee at tho manner iu whioh Dr. Gnmpboll had porformod his duties in oonneo- tion with the hospital. Tho donations received during tho month woro as follows :— Polioo fines, £2 18s.; Looomotivo and corriago de partment, £13 5s. ; Baiway Extension Siok (and, £391 9s. 3d. Port Douglas. — Alio oorrosponaonn oi mo Cooltton in llorald says :— Sub- Inspootor Litttlo has beon amongst tho blacks. Just boforo ho mauagod to got at thom thoy ono night speared two of his horaos, and this, too, when o.io of his command was on guard. Two otlior valuable Government horses, belonging to tho Roads Dopartinont, have also boon killed and partially oaten. Mr. Littlo is now after tho blaoks who did tho misohiof in tho latter onse. The Telegraph — Opening of the Line.— It is with vory groat pioasaro that, in tho first number of this journal, wo Port Douglas Gasatto) -aro onablod to congratulate tho in habitants ot tho port, and ot tho district genornlly, on tho completion of tho telegraph line to Thoruborough, and tlio consequont establishment of tolcgraphio communication botweou Port Douglas and tho general system of this and tho neighbouring oolonies. With the exception of a post or two the work of tho contruotor. MrDanner, was compiotod a fort- night ago, and on Thursday aftornoon tho Inspootor — Mr. Bouruo — arrivod from south per Egmont, accompanied by Mr. Sowoil, operator, nnd Mr Duncan line- repairer Mount Orange Copper Mine. — Tlio Soore- nry informs us Mackay Mercury ) that at tolograra was rocoivcd from Mr. 0. Koeloy, at a late hour yostorday, from which wo havo boon favoured with tho following oxtraot 11 Tho oarbonate ores boing raised from tho now workings will avorago from eighteen to twenty peroont. of ooppcr, a ooufcwablo quantity boing likely to he obtnino®! Tho quantity of motal turned out up to Tutwsday ovening (5th inst) was about twenty tons, of a quality fully equal to tho samplos forwarded to Maokay." P. and A. Society.— It is a very long timo (says tho Port Denison Times) sinoo wo first .udvooatcd tho formation of a Pastoral and Agricultural Society for this distriot, ond it is with uo small pleasure that we are ablo to announce tho date of the first meeting of our local Show — Wodnosday tho 24th Soptomber next, whioh should ho a red letter day in oar auleuilor, aud tho starting point of a now and hotter order of things horo. If in conjunction with this wo can only pall togothor sulhaiontly to got a sugar mill established wo may look with tolorablo oomplaoonoy on tho aotion of our hitherto antagonistic Bsrder Town Govern ments in doing thoir vory host to damage onr trado. Mining. — The crushing machine at Copper field is making fair progress towards re creation, tho present owners, Messrs. Knust and Dorritt, having lost no timo sinoe they started The stamper beds are laid, and tho cugiue will soon be in position ; tho briokwork of the boilor and ehimney stack is to be commenced noxt weok, and tho neighbourhood of Garabaldi Gully will, in a fow more weeks, be tho noisy quarter of Copperfield. Tho reef ers are also making preparations for raising stouo to tho surface, and hopes are entertained that the now impotus to our mining industry, will be successful. Fatal Accident.— On Thursday evening last, an acoident, resulting in death, ooourrod to Mr Robert Smith, formerly manager of Boornadarah Station. From partionlars ro oeived, wo learn that the late Mr. Smith was riding from Clormont to Logan Downs, in oompany with two other gontlomen, and when some fow miles from Wolfang, the horse is supposod to have either shiod or bolted, as the deceased was found laying on the road, with a frightful contusion about tho head. Iu lorinauon was as unuu iui wuiuuu lu viermonr, where thoy body was convoyod, and the dcoonsod's remains woro followed to tho cemetery yostcrday afternoon. It has been arranged that uu enquiry touoiiiug the death of tlio Into Robort Smith will be held on Mon day noxt. — P. D. Advertiser. A Taste Fob Murder.— A murder was com mitted near Bristol on 2nd April. A gentlo man named Cox while driving homo to Char- field, Bow- a woinun with her head nearly severed from hor body lying on tho road near TUornbury. A man was sitting by, and on being spoken to ho oonfessad that ho had inurdorod tlio woman, whom ho said ho saw for the first timo just before tho ooourrouao. He gave tlio name of Edward Saundors, and suid ho wus u pressman from London, Tho womun's naino was Luoy Dorriok, and sho was a douustia servant out of plaoe. The prisoner Suuuders, who was an old criminal, told tho polico that lio murdored tho woman for dovil- mont. He stated that after leaving Bristol he was tomptod to murdur two young girls, and nfterwni'ds a woman who gavo him a drink of wator, but Uo was prevented by somo ono approaching. Tho jury, at tho inquost, re turned a vordiot of wilful murder against Suuuders i The Bravo Case. — An unexpected light lias boon thrown upon tho llravo caso by Dr. Roymoud. of Torquay, who lately loft for the Capo. Ho Btatod that ho had information roBpooting tlio Bravo oaso which for private reasons he did not mako known at tho trial although ho wrote to Mrs. Bravo on subjcot but reooivod no answer. For some yoars past ho has boeu engaged in preparing a ohemioal compound, of whioh ho was tho lnvontor, for tho euro of dipsomania. Tho ohiof ingredient was tartar omoiio, tho prineplo of euro boius to koop up constant mausea. He supplied his preparation, among others, to Mr. Brave, to whom bu sont tliroo paohota. Ho fraauently proourcd tartar ouiotio from ohomist, to whom ho mado his Btnt2BS& j10 , baliovod that Mr. Bravo admimlXred lb'8 modioiuu to his wifo without hor kuowlodg8i and probably his own death was oaused W aooidontally taking largo quantity of it himself. He probably kopt it in his own room. zh8 tho prosonoo of tartorisod antimony or tartar emetic iu his houso, whioh previously wM unaccountable, wub explained. 