The Advertiser THURSDAY, MARCH 20, 1879. THE interest which the Prince of Wales showed in the Paris Exhibition of 1878 has been frequently referred to in this journal, and in fact in nearly every journal written in the English language; and deservedly so. The Friace was not satisfied with merely discharging the duties ■which pertained to the eftice of President of the British Commission; he displayed a lore for the work, and manifested a lively and lasting interest in everything connected with the great show. Especially was this the case with tUe British section, and more particularly with those portions of it which were occupied by the colonies. lie visited them frequently, examined them attentively, was most minute in his enquiries, and made very many valuable suggestions, which were gladly and thankfully accepted by the ColonialOonimissioner?, and where practi cable were adopted. It was from the Prince of Wales that a suggestion emanated for tie establishment of a Colonial Museum in London. Struck with the excellence of the exhibits contributed by the various colonies His Royal Highnees proposed that tbe more valuable of them should be col lated and placed in a building in London where they would in themselves form a unique display, and be the nucleus of a more extensive and more attractive collec tion which would show at a glance what the various colonies are capable of producing, and thus awaken an interest in them which it might in the ordinary course of events take years to arouse. The idea was warmly taken up by the representatives of the several colonies at the world's fair, and there appeared to be every probability that a project which was likely to prove of great value to the offshoots of the British Em pire would become an accomplished fact. A Bite in every way suitable for the pro posed museum had been secured on the Thames Embankment; a building of capa cious size and with a handsome frontage hai been designed; the more important colonies bed identified themfielree with the movement ; and everything ap peared to be goinjr on swimmingly, wlien, just as success appeared to be as- Hired, the whole thing suddenly collapsed. The combination of circumstances which led to this altogether unlooked-for result it is dillicult to understand; bat tbe op position which was actively brought against the scheme by the authorities of the South Kensington Museum was the principal cause of its non-success. The motive for ibis opposition is very apparent. Tiiere is in the Kensington Museum a mn^aificent: collection of the products of India, and this it was proposed to remove from its present abiding place and put in the Colonial Museum, nearly half of the building being act abide for the reception of this gran 1 Oriental dit-plav. It Is much to be rspretted that the at- Uinpl to establish this Colonial Museuai fliuuid have failed, and nore especially that it should have done so when everything i>l«l?ea?ed la be in its favor, and when its uccon-pHslnnent was regarded as certain- It mut.t bave l>ei-u a sore disappointment ta jdl who had ideniilied themselves with it, aW who had given their time and devoted their energies to its realization. The matter is not, however, to rest here. Oar old riend, Air. Straugways, has taken the ques ion in hand, and at a recent meeting of the Council of the Royal 'Jolonial Institute, of which the Prince of Walee is President, he eubmittf d a proposition in favor of an exhi bition of the products and industritwof the British Colonies being held in London. Tae subject was referred to a special meeting of the Council for further consideration, at which, no doubt, it will be fully and fairly discuiaed. The Duke of Manchester has ex pressed his cordial approval of tbe project, the President of <he Society will of course be in favor of it, and the able advocacy of Mr. Strangways will not be wanting to hel|i it on. That the proposition will be affirmed is almost certain, and it ia earnestly to be hoped that no unforeseen obstacles to tbe establishing of the Exhibition will croj? up. The advantage to merchants aud others of having collected in one build ing samples of the products of all tbe British colonies, where can be eeeu at a glance what the soils of our extensive possessions will yield, and what the enterprise of the eons of Britain has achieved in the way of manufactures, cannot be over-estimated. Setting aside the grand displays which would be contributed by India, Canada, and other important and old-e&tablished; branches from the parent stem, which would of themselves form au exhibition of great interest, and to come to what [more nearly affects ourselves, we would ask, is there any one who can doubt that immense benefit to these colonies would result from the Exhibition ? There would, of course, be very little shown in addition to what wa6 exhibited at the Paris Exhi bition, and this, it may be said, has no doubt been already seen by numbers of those who would visit the proposed Exhi bition in London. This may be true enough, but the circumstances will be entirely different. At tbe Paris Exhibition our exhibits (aud by our exhi bits we mean those of Australasia gene rally) weie not in one Court, but were shown in 6t?parate rooms, entirely distinct frfnu each othe;-. iaus affording but poor facilities for comparison. Than, a^aiu, they were Dot so likely to arrest attention where they were but as a speck in the vast and magnificent contributions from all parts of the world, each of which had sent its choicest productions to compete in the great struggle for honor and reward. From another point of view it is desir able that the project of Mr. Strangwjys should meet with the approval of the friends of the colonies. There can be little doubt that, when the Exhibition is once established the articles collected there will be retained in England for the formation of a Colonial Museum. Once die people of England, and more especially die cam meicial people of England, hare liad placed before them a collection of die products of all the British colonies, we are much mis taken if they do not make an effort, and a successful effort, too, for die establishment of a Colonial Museum in a central position iv the {ireat metropolis of die world. Such a museum would be a boon to die scientific as well as die commercial man, and would be interesting to all classes. And it would not only be interesting, it would be highly instructive, and would do more to arouse a spirit of enquiry, and to set people drinking about these southern lands, than could be achieved in any other way at so small a cost. The ignorance which prevails iv die mother- country with reference to diese colonies—dieir situation, climates, peoples, and characteristics—is no new theme; it has been written and talked about for years past, and it will be written and talked about for years to come. People will ask questions repeatedly about die colonies, and hare their questions answered, but it makes but a slight impres sion; but when their interest is aroused dirough the medium of the eye they will absorb any information that may be given them, and it becomes fixed. In this way a Colonial Museum would be of great service as a means of education; and on that account it is to be hoped that such an institution will be established. Should it not be founded it will not, we are sure, be through any want of energy or ability on the part of Mr. Strangways in advocating the holding of the Exhibition. Thk files of the English newspapers which have reached us by the John Elder contain a memorandum, drawn up by Lord Chelms ford, at present Commander-in- Chitf of the British forces in South Africa, on the Zulu army, which gives a large amount of curious information -with respect to the savages now opposing the British arms on the frontiers of Natal. It appears that every youth of the Zulu nation ia trained to be a warrior. He begins his apprentice ship to arms in his fourteenth or fifteenth year, at which age aJI the lads in each dis trict who have attained it are marched from their homes to the military kraal, or if the regimeEt of recruits lie a numerous one they build a kraal for themselves. As the boys grovr older a certain number of veteran warriors from other regiments are associated with them, and in this way the various military corps have arisen, some of them numbering several thousand warriors: some, however, are not of greater strength than a Euro pean regiment. The Zulu active army now consists of twelve such corps and two regi ments, each having their own kraal: and from the system on which they are formed each corps is necessarily composed of men of all ages, some being married and some unmarried. The various regiments of whicii the corps are composed consist, however, either wholly of married or wholly of unmarried men. 'Each, corps is di vided into two wings, a right and left, which are again subdivided into companies varying in strength from ten to two hundred men. The corps are officered by one chief commander, one second in command, one controlling the right wing, and another the left, besides whom are company and junior officers. The native titles of these officials are not only difficult of pronunciation but very lengthy, therefore we refrain from weary ing our readers by giving them. The total number of regiments in the Zulu army Lord Chelmsford believes to be %, Ul c which 16 are formed of married men ar.d IS of unmarried meil. Sevan of tLe former are composed of men more than sixty years of age, who furai the reserve; therefore for active operations in the field the army practically only consists of 20 ragiments. According to the estimate of the English Commander-in-Ohief the total number of Zulu warriors, exclusive of the reserve, is 40,400, of whom '22,5 m are between twenty and thirty years of age, 10,000 be tween thirty and forty, 3,400 between forty and fifty, and 4,500 between fifty and sixty, figures showing an exceedingly rapid mortality. As the drees of the Zulu native is at all times of the most scanty description, it is scarcely to be supposed that anything in the shape of uniform would be used to distinguish the various regiments. There is, however, a marked distinction in appearance between the regiments composed of married and those composed of unmarried men. The men of a Zulu regiment cauuot marry without Cetwayo's permission, and this is not generally granted until they are forty years of age. So soon as they hare found themselves wives they shave the crowns of their heads, and thenceforward are distin guished by carrying white shields; the regiments composed of unmarried men wear their hair naturally and have colored shields. The military drill is of the most pri mitive description, their simple manoeuvres beiug mere parodies of the movements of a European regiment. The discipline preserved is good, each onicer having his clearly-defined duties, and the men yielding willing obedience. Previous to the out break of hostilities the various corps receive orders to assemble at the. King's kraal, which is regarded as the centre of the j military operations of the nation. The i several regiments as they arrive each I encamp at a distinct spot, and when all have assembled previous to the order to march being given & very curious ceremony takes place. The various regiments are formed into an immense circle, or umkuuibi, at a shott distance from the royal kraal, the officers forming an inner ring surrounding the chief officers and the King, together with the doctors. A bullock duly physicked by the medicine men is then killed; its flesh is cut into strips, each strip beiug powdered with medicine. The strips are next carried vouiid the vast circle of warriors, eacli as die disgusting; morsel ia presented to him biting off a piece with his teeth, bat care fully avoiding touching it with his hands; The warriors are then dismissed. Next day they are again assembled as before, but previous to the ceremony they partake of an emetic early is the morning—a thing' which after the beef biting of tie day before no stomach but that of a Zulu could require. For yet another day a somewhat similar ceremony is gone through, ex cept that in place of partak'ng1 of doctored beef the warriors an sprinkled with drags by die medicine ncWU When the regiments begin their maidt during the Brat day they proceed in ccm* panics, the regiment selected by the Eiag taking the lead. Afterwards they match in the umsita or path, which is somewhat as if a division of the British army were to advance in live of brigade columns, each brigade in mass, each regiment in doss column, and the transports on the flank. If in the coarse of the march the advan cing army come upon a river which v beyond their depth, but of comparatively little width, they amply plunge into the stream, clinging on to each other, trusting to chance that all will reach the bank in safety. It is scarcely necessary to say that generally several of the warriors fail in the attempt, and are trodden down by their more fortunate comrades. The commis sariat and transport service are of die true barbaric description. But three or four days' provisions, consisting of grain and cattle, accompany the army, and the transport is performed by a band of lads, who follow the regiments, carrying the mats, blankets, and provisions, and driving the cattle- During the mwyh Jvyigtflnf. fr?mnrniTii^%tjfMH are kept up with die various divisions of the army by runneie, who also deliver all orders from die King to die officers. When in battle the practice of die Zulus, accord ing to LordChelmsford, has hitherto been to engage with only a portion of their troops, leaving the remainder in the rear seated with their backs to the enemy, and forming a reserve- Probably, however, their tactics in die field will in some re spects have been altered since they ob tained possession of firearms. Such ia a brief description of the personnel of die foe with which the British arenowconluuftugia South Africa, and it-will be seen from it that although savages they are an enemy by no means to be despised. . ~, Ykstebbax there was reason for believing that the Corporation financial difficulty would coon be solved by means ef a poll of the citizens; but new new complications have arisen. The City "Solicitors have given it as their opinion that the meeting held in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening " had not submitted to it any resolution respecting any of the matters for die deci sion of which a poll is authorised by the Municipal Corporations Acts." In conse quence of this opinion His Worship the Mayor has called a special meeting of the Council for to-morrow morning for the pur pose of considering the question of raising a loan of £20,000 to cover the Bank over draft. We suppose that-the Council will dfceide in favor of euch a loan, and then there will have to be a third meeting of citizens, which, we trust, will be of a merely formal character, as a poll is sure to follow, and will finally decide the matter. The Hon. Graham Berry's mission to Eng land appears likely to be a fruitful one. Our Lnropean telegrams state that the work of Messrs. Berry and Pearson is pro ceeding satisfactorily; that it has excited considerable attention in political xinjjMs; ~ and that the Press generally are advocating consideration of the representations of the Embassy. It is probable, too, that the whole question will be decided, at an earlier date than was anticipated, as through the interposition of the Hon. H. C. E. Guilders it is likely that the motion of Mr. Arthur Mills for theproduction of oilpapers relating :. to the late Victorian dAflfocfr will cpanfe on for discussion in the House of Commons . before the time originally fixed. Mi. Berry ' is not confining bii^ftpif to the wort for - which he specially visited England; he has opened negotiations with the .Eastern Ex tension Telegraph Company for a reduction of the rates charged on Press and Govern ment messages. That bis efforts in this direction may be successful must be the ' wish of fdl^o wei?terestegin Emopoan - affairs, as although the newspapers &r;$ sow supplying fill the leading itons of news they would then be enabled to enter into fuller details. The cost of European tele* grams is a serious item in the expenditure of a daily journal, and it would still be so even with a ledoction in the stale of charges, but the extra information supplied would be a boon to the public. Our telegrams ad vise us of the betrothal of Alfonso XII., , King of Spain, but unfortunately -for our fair readers, who naturally take an interest in snch announcements, we are not told on -whom bis choice has fallen. The Garonne sailed on Wednesday for London with a Cull co?ipleroeut of cargj and .; passengers, but duriug the evening telegrams - were received by Mr. X. N. Stephens, the Sec retary ot the Marine Board, stating that she had grounded on Tapley's Shoal, about eight miles due east from IMithburgh. Arrange ments weie at once made for tugs from Port Adelaide and the steamer James Comrie, which was lying atffidithburgh, to go to heriwirtitnne. | The telegrams state that the sea was smooth and the glass steady, so that with die aid of the steamers which have been dispatched it is to be hoped the Orient liner will be got off without any serious damage. There is, how ever, the fact against her' that it was neatly high water when she grounded. The Examiners for the University Scholarships have completed their examina tions, and bave sent in She following report to the Minister of Education:—" Sir—We hare completed the supplementary examination for University Scholarships, andwliile maintaining . as nearly as possible the same average standard, are able to report a marked improvement in the results. S.K Holder has decidedly the first place, and we recommend time a scholarship be also awarded to K. S. Bodgcrs. Signed— F. Baleowb. JtLA., Examiner in Classics; W.G. Bobinson, MA., Examiner in Mathematics;and Win. Buby Fletcher, M.A., Kruminw in English." We understand that it is not the intention of the Government to charge a toll on the Murray Bridge, as was at one time intended. We were shown on Wednesday a small sample of coal, which was stated by Mr. Buicfc. of Kangaroo Island, to have teen found Khar* about a mile from Mr. Daw's discovery. The piece we saw was very like what is known a 9 jet coal, hard, bright, very free from smut, and rather light in weight. On Tuesday, March 3S, the new mill of the'Mallaia Flour M.iU .Company was opened by Kr. W. Cavensgb, MJ?. A successful banquet was also heid in the craning. A gentleman has informed the Wallaroo Times that he feels satisfied coal exists within thirty-five miles of Wallaroo, basing his asser tion upon * the testimony of the rocks" in the neighborhood to which he referred. Messrs. John Hill & Co. announce by advertisement that special coaches for the Great Northern Kace Meeting, to be held on Wednes day and Thursday next, will leave Clare at 6.30 am. on Weduesday. Passengers must leave Adelaide by the 4.43 p.m. traiu on Tuesday. On Tuesday evening, March 18, Mr. Mullen, an oid officer of volunteers, was enlcr >&iutrd; by & number of his frituds at Hooper's Ptinccol Wales Hotel, Kapuudi.aud presents! m&VMartuurUwirj; rifle. Jlu Worship> tb.s Kkyer of "Kappnda, Mr. J. Eowett, presided. Avjreiy ijm iiTTtii evening was spent ib? JjaawxsKm Examiner states that uthe<S*eamship -Dement has-been pMehased fnsa the TJS N. Go. by Oaptaia Howard Smith, of afcdbooMe, for the sum of £8,000. Her new owner intends her for the Queensland trade.and aha' wilt -preeeed to Sydney from Meltomme under command of Captain Langford." Tie rainfall between 0 a.m. on Tuesday ant tbe same bout on Wednesday is registered as follows:— . it. new-room which has been added to the UrkidDa. State School was formally opened on Wednesaay aft. taoon, March119, by the Chair man of the.local Board of Advioe (Mr. G. Nofees). Tlleni was a large attendance, ta eluding the Hnister of Education (the Hon. TkMusKi?&slP.;). The Bourbu paper of March 10 says:— ** Here the river has ripen nine feet aud rises absot one foot each twenty-four hours; at Walget tbe Barwon is about fiftan feet and th Itamoi, in places, running over the banks; a Bcewarrina, the river has risen seven feet; a St. George tt now measures but twelve feet and is npidly falling. The steamer Success and barge arrived here late last night." The number of VirtJis and deaths iiflfrii iinTiiiUin General Kegisser Office during the week emded Saturday, March 16. was:— Biri&s;—Uenalea, 113 females; deaths—4S males. 3S feriales, Total-231 births, 79 deaths. Bs -cess«C&otfas;,liiB. The number cas^ateted in die IMsbHct oTAdelalde was:—Births—lo males, O7 females; aeatba—22 males, 17 fiunales. total —«birUis,?deaau. Broess of births, U. OaTaeadaj evening, March 18, a public tea, followed by «n entertainment, took ptacain the ftankli?-street Schoolroom in connection with tbe opearag of a new organ. Theenter ta|aaient.irhich was of a musical character, was 3>iasiai.o oYsji by tto Hon. J.Oarr. There was a large attettdanse. Addresses on Sibbata- scoool ma':«eM Ldelivered by the Ohsirm%n and Messrs. Uoyd and Orase. Mr. A. S. Lewu pro aided at the organ. John X&oberts;,the miner who, on the 14th of Kovanber last, caused the death of tUree of ha tt&ow-mtxkiuei; at Moonta, by negleotinj to giv? ttn notice of a shot he was about to fire,in the S&fathom; level of that mine, recsived 4 sentenoe of to years' imprisonment with hard labor bam His Honor the Chief Justice on . Wsdnacday. Tbe prisooer eridentl/ felt his nositkuTecykeenrj,aud while admitting his neg ligence, expressed the hope that he might boar &iis; pmi™hWM*rl*' iike a Ohristaan xsan. Mr. Barnard has issued his programme for the second Newmarket Meeting at Morphett- Tille, which wW take place on April 26. The bul of fare is an attractive one, and includes the f Hurdles of a)asva^ 1J miles; New «aariDst fiaadicap of 30 sovs^ I mile; Pony lUce of ICLaom, 7 furlong*, for ponies 13 hands «ad imder; Steeplechase of SO boys, S miles ; H"?tr-i Hat Bace of 20 eovs^ 1 mile; and Nnrfcsry Handicap of 25 soys., tiuee-qnarters of « mile for twia-year-olds. In this there is some tiling far everyone, for all kinds of hones and all Bort? of riders, and we hare no doubt there will he a large attendance of spectators. The annual meeting of subscribers to -the Wooraon Agricultural 'and Horticultural Society was btW at Stoctpart on Thursday, March 13. Mr. B. Kelly, JJ, was in the chair. Vie audited balance-sheet for the past yew was xeadaadeoafiraed. It showed that Uie Society had spent in prizes £127, and that there was a balance ia the Bank ot £47. The sum of £10 10s. was voW to the Secretary, Mr. Rhodes, for bis sett iocs. The Committee for the en aning yes*-were appointed and the following officers elected R. Kelly, J.P^ President; Hessn. Jno. Bell. J.P., and Jno. Hoeau, Pioe rreajdenta; and Kr. Jas. Doyle, Treasurer. Mr.Go? r fihodesw?srff-«lectee Secretary. Mr. Jf~J. Christmas, the contractor for ibeexocvaiiaa «f the Railway Dsm at Wallaros is (saya Abe local paper) making good progress. A large gang of men wish drays, ploughs, fee., are basils «*aaiered,and they hart bean at work for about three weeks, during wsne?time np wardsof 6jQOO cubic yards of sottliaTebeenr« moTtd, gmjswting a holding capacity in tbe dam of pearly iflOOflOQ gallons. The eceava tion has paly reached adepthof 4{t.6ia^ but Sbccording to specification it must be sank to about ISft^aothat although the sue n reduced as the excavation deepens, when completed the holding -csgaatty will lie somec-iing consider able." A serious accident occurred at Port Adelaide on Wednesday morning, March 19, to Mr. William WiUooeks, carter, of Portland Estate. Mr. Willencks wss dziwiag the carter's crane, wfaicb ss£xed on wbeeia so as to be easfly taken from Port Adelaide across to tbe GUn vOle Wharf. He proceeded along Mundy atreet and. was entering St. Vincent-street, which has a telegraph line running along it, mhensb£h*o&o;{ tbo cmae c*xight in the wires, and broke one of them. Tbe shock caused the crane .to awenre, and Mr. Wilicocks was thrown oown. and one .of-dm wheels is said to hare ! passed ovex the lower part of his bsdyv He was at -pace taken to fir. Gethiug's, where he was attended to, sad subsequently takes to his borne. At the Ciimlgal Sitting' of the Supreme Court on Wednesday. John Bowden, on his own admission of guilt, received ajgntgnce-of twelve years' imprisonment -with, fcanl labor, and I tnrerty-fiv-e lanhf. for cape. ' When arraigned j •n March 14 the prisoaer pleaded not guilty, i but subseqnentiy by the advice of his counsel (Mr. T. Hi Pater) he withdrew that plea and aubstitat^oneof-gujity.''. J atr.Patorstaledthat { fee had suggested this csurse as he did not think , it was ,*dwsabl? that tbe pariinaim of the j offence?boald be made poblic. In passing sen- I tence HixHonor referred tothe enormity of the j prisoner's crime, which presented some of tbe I saddest features of immjrality that had ever ■ come under his notice. ' - ' ; Inspector Bee obtained two convictions ' at the Poiiee Court on Wednesday. The nut ;' information was laid under Nock'b Act, the de- ■ fendaat being the landlady of the hoaioa lon, and a fine of £5 ami co&ts; was imposed. The second case was one of sly grog" selling, in which Annie Hallid&y; was charged with selling two quarts of b er. she being aa unlicensed f-ersos; Evidence was given by two men, who -rtated: that they were under the influence rf liquor on the sight of the information. They said they went td«be bouse in which the prose cntrix JUed and obtained three bottJes of beer, for which one of them paid 7a. 6d. The beer -was takes from a cupboard by the defendant. A fine of £10 asd eosfe was inflicted. A pleasant gathering: took.place in the lecture Hall of the Flin-lerMtaeet Presoy teriaa Church, ma. Wednesday evening, March 13, tita,opcadoA being to bid farewell to Mr.and Mrs.X.W.flemi?K, who leave for?ngUadby the %.Xm«. After tea tin chair was occupied by the pastor of the Church, the Bar. Jas. LyalL who referred to. Ur. Fleming's con nection with the Church, aud on behalf of the congregation presented him with A puree con taining £yi 10s. Mr. J. S. Knot, as Secretary of the Church,-Mr. T. W. Marshall, as Actiog- Superi&tendent; of the Sunday- school, Mr. A. Walker, as Secretary to the Young Men's Asso ciation, and Mr. Berry having spoken, Mr. Fleming replied in a feeling speech, thinking the magrrfntym for "their tangible token of *tteemJm& sympathy. The^jCaDowing is Wedaesdaj morning's | -wfarhtr report <m the Adelaideiaad Part Parwtn • Telegraph line rW?ehana, N^, fresh, clew, fine, coo}; JJsrina, 51.W, light, clear, fine, pleasant; Steangways Springs, S.B-. moderate, j clear, fine, cool;' Peake, B, moderate, clear, fine, peasant; Charlotte Waters, S.S.E, moder ate, dear, fine; "Alice Springs, B.l^, light, clear, fine; aSarrow Qfepk, S.B^ light, clear, fine; Tea- : nant Creek, K-W^ moderate, cloudy, fine | pteasant;Powell Creek, SB,Bfatmg f clondy,dnll < pleasant; Daly 'Waters, calm, dull, pvercast, : jcaining'; gaUisjine, SJL, light, dull, thunder •torm yester4ay; Pine Creek, calm, dull, thun derstormiastn^t; Tarn Creek, N.W., light, doll, overcast, cool; Southport,, calm, dull, thnt^^wiiMin m night; Port Darwin, calm, dull, aultzy r thunderstorm yesterday, «W|B almost despaired of ever the GoverassenteaUkig for tenders again for a line of frdfgryf* fcfm.Maitacoorte to Border Town," says the Narr*caorU ffergld," but we under derstan^ Mr. Hvdy hag been oooftantJy keeping the Minister of Education in mind of tiie pro mise he made at Uarzacoorte; and after «rer comme several obstacles tenders have been called for the work. We believe the Govern xoeut wfll accept any reasonable tender this time. There is one {thing about the matter we do not like, and that U tbe erection of the line along the load, instead of along the proposed Tauwayzo?se. Wekaow it was the intention of the Cabinet to make the line along the rail way route; and we look upon the change wit i much sujpicioo. Many reasons suggest them eelves tons which we hope are not waxraatei fey the facts of the case when due enquiries slave been made." The following appointments of State school teachers have been approved by the Minister of Education:— Head Teachers — W. 8\. Heitheray, Yong&U; B. H. Janata, Port Maodonnell; B. C. OOmer, Stone Sat; John Lloyd, Marrabel. Provisional Teachers — Maria Bolheim, Kingsley; Edith M. Howie, Whit- warta; Ada Langdon, Dry Creek; Mary Ann Lavery, Inkerman; Andre A. Meyer, Collins- field i Annie Milla, Springfield; Annie O. Bran, Currency Greek; Alfred Sanderooek. Hanson; William Stuart, Waaraltie; Wilson Pepirortn, Mount Bat; Isabella C. Hubbe,Spaldiog; Maty Small, Unley; Martin Jackson, Lower liight. Pupil Teacher—Marion Aloook. Sewing MU tressej—Jane Wincey, Yahl Paddock; Jane Schumann. MiUkent; Fanny IbPearce, Eey nella; Sarah A. Whitber, Salisbury; Annie PouUen, Keyneton; Annie Parsons, Nairne. Monitors—Margaret Haldane, Knlpam; Annie Laurie, Kulpara ; W. H. Jones, Meadows ; Ellen Nadebaum, Rowland's Flat; Charles McQueen, Robe. " A case of florae interest and importance to seamen, as showing their liabilities and obli gations, was decided in the Juries of Six Court on Saturday, before the Onief Justice," writes the Melbourne^* of March 17. "John Williams, an able seaman, brought an action against Malcolm Muir, master of the steamer Alhambr*, trading between Australian and New Zealand ports, to recover damage* for wrongful dis missal and false imprisonment. On Bth B£?y last the plaintiff agreed with the defendant at £8 per month, and shortly afterward* the steamer cleared oat for New Zealand. Welling ton was reached on the 18th, and the crew were kept working till half-past 8 in the evening. The chief officer then told them they would have to wash the deck nest morning, which was Sunday, but they said they would not do ao un less paid overtime. On the Sands; morning, at 7 ajn., orders were given to the crew to clean the deck, but the plaintiff and others refused, and he and another ■??'ns*? were given into custody on a charge of refusing to obey lawful commands. The prisoners were brought before the local Magistrate next day, bat meanwhile the vessel had left and they were discharged. The defence to the present action was that the plaintiff had refused to perform hit lawful j duties when called upon by the master. The j Jury found a verdict for the defendant." | The first volume of an Australian edition of sketches entitled "A Tour Through Great Britain, or England from a Back , Wisdow," by "The Danbury Newsman" i has been forwarded to us from the es- } tabUshmeut of Mr. Geo. Robertson. Those of : our readers who hare penned the light end j comical emanations from the pen of Mr. J. M. '■ Bailey, or as he is generally known, " the Dan- J bury Newsman," will read these sketches with unfeigned pleasure. The author in the present volume deals with London—its street scenes, I social life, and characteristic features, in a i graphic and an interesting manner, acd through- i out the work is most interesting. While " oar i American OotuuT has permitted his lively fancy j to lighten otherwise solid facts with dry humor and occasionally extravagant exaggeration, he baa not been blind to the beanty of England's acenery, the poetry of her historical associations, and the sterling qualities of her people. His criticisms are straightforward, and j are clearly those of one actuated by an honest ' sense of fair play, and there is little or nothing ' in the work to offend the amovr propre of the j most fastidious Englishman. The volume will, ! we are sure, be entertaining to ail, bat more j especially to native-born Australians whose , knowledge of the capital of the mother- country. ; its social surroundings, and public life, is ue- ! cessarily derived from books and newspapers. : The Inspector-General of Schools reports < the following pupil-teacher* as having passed : the examination held in October, and as having ■ been favorably reported oa by the teachers and j Inspectors, and who are now eligible for promo- .' tion:—Ada J. Arctcr, Thomas Hancock, *tirjan ' E. Dace, Alfred Wilson, H. Hilluum, itary A. Leader, North Adelaide Maid School: Uiriio j Alcoek, Jane Anderson, Anuie Greeituhtelde, ! Margaret Esoie, Annie F. Loutit, Thomas J. \ Price, G.G. Newman, Grote-ttreet Model and ' Practising School; I-ucj-J. Clark, Eva Langs- . ford, Lucy M. Schulze, Edith A. Bjwan, Nor- , wood Model School; Alice Dace, Matilda . Goodlad, Maria Harrey, Ellen J. KicholU, ! Port Adelaide; B. Feiguuxt. Wallaroo '■ Mines; WU!iam Halls, BlUsb;Ui Whenan, M. J. Gol??Worthy, Alfred Williams, MooaU : Mines; Mary J. Holt, Samuel P. Bennett, ! Moonta; J. T. F. Johnson. Houghton; Alice V. ! Welsh, Annie A. Welsh, Wiiitmore- square; ■ Caroline Foster, Franklin-street; E. W. Bad ford, Uraidla; Klita J. Skinner, Hindmanh; . Isabella Walker, Portland Estate; W. H. '. Cherry, Gawler; Alice Ford, Alice Hill.Gepp's Cross; Florence Hengrtl. Craters; William Shapster, Bundle-street; J. J. Stephens GiUev , street; James S.Gold,Port Augusta; Edith SI. J Jones, Biverton; Annie Snell. Buna. The : decuion as to several of the pupil teachers has , not yet been given. At a meeting- of the Adelaide General } Aid Committee held on Wednesday, March Vi, j with respect to the Gawler strike, some twenty or thirty members were present. The Secretary j reported having with members of the Sab- \ Committee watted upon Messrs. Bray, Fraser, , and Simnu, MLP.'a, to ask them to introduce a deputation to the Commissioner of Crown Lands aud Immigration, in reference t> the • iesne of passes to Gawler to men seeking work i other than new arrivals, which they consented ; to do. Since then Mr. Bray had received a j letter from the Commissioner in reply to a letter j sent to him, in which he (tbe CjmmUioner) , stated that no passes had been issued exc?pt j to new arrivals, and one man who had j been taken ill and sent to the Hospital, j A diseucion took place in which it was ; stated that one man who arrived by the Hesperus, one by the Rodney, and ' two by the Woodlark had received pusses to : Gawler, and could not obtain them for else- ' where. It was decided that the deputation . should wait on the Commissioner as toon as passible. Mr. Smith, a delegate from Crawler, ; reported that nothing fresh had transpired at , Gawler, except that the Co- opemtireSjciefy had j been started. The Treasurer reported having . sent £00 to Gawler last week, and a similar ' amount this week. The Secretary reported re-- j ceiving £12 6s. from Wallaroo. A vote of thaoke , to the delegate closed the minting. . An unusual complication arose on Wed nesday in tbe Supreme Court while His Houor * the Chief Justice was sentencing prisoners who ', had previously been convicted. A man name £ ' James CarragLtr, who pleaded guilty on the ' previous day to a charge of arson, was called up ' for sentence, but much to the surprise of th* j Court tbe prUoner stated that bis plea had been wrongly understood by the Associate, aud he, the prisoner, now wanted to plead •* not guilty. 1 '■ Mr. T. K. l'ittr, who had been retained for the { defence some weeks before the commencement '■ of the Criminal Sittings, but was absent from { the Court when tbe prisouer was arraigned, said j be and the prisoner's friends were quite sur- j prised at the plea of guilty, ait be (Mr. Pater; * had previously advised the prisoner that I on me depositions there was ao case ! against him. The Crown Solicitor drew tbe attention of the Court to the fact that the witnesses for the Grown had duly satis- ' fiedUteirrecognizancesbyapnearingatthetria^, ! but had gone away after the plea of gui'ty had been recorded. If the caw were allowed ta go oa ac if the prisoner had pleaded not guilty bo dependence could be placed on the finality I I of a plea of guilty unless the prisoner were j I sentenced at the time. As there was no doubt j as to the plea made by the prisoner, it was ■ suggested that probably after conference with . some one tbe prisouer had determined to atter ' it to " not guilty." His Honor said he woald determine the matter this morning. Mr. Rowland Rees, M.P., introduced a ; deputation to the Commissioner of Public ! Works (Hon. G. C. Hawker), ou Wednesday i | -morning, March 19, from the District Council lof Saddlewortb, consisting of Messrs. H. Bichardeoa (Chairman), K. Palmer, J.P., J. I Moule, J.P., O. R. Goode, J.P., Caakey, Charles, and Gurr. Mr. Fraser, *f .P., was also present. The object of. the deputation was to ask for a special gr&iit; of £500 towards putting in repair the roads from Saddleworth to Steelton. aud Cram Manoora to Waterloo and Rice's Creek, i The traffic, it was said, which had injured these I roads came from outside the district in which the rates for repairs were levied. If the roads mentioned were not kept in order the deputa tion reminded the Commissioner that the traffic would be diverted to Kapuuda, and be lost to the railway for a dis tance of 20 miles. Seeing that tbe Dis trict Council had to keep 17 miles of road in repair, it was urged that tbe «n?«nnt asked for was Tsy reasonable, and would bear bat a small proportion towards the total cost. It also appeared that from 2jooo to 3,000 tons ef wheat would be brought down over the roads in ques tion in the course of the year if they were kept in a proper state of repair, &ud; that there was also a probability of some slate quarries being worked. Mr. Rees said that Mr. Cotton had promised a previous deputation that two of the roads under consideration should be placed on the schedule of main roads. TheOommissioner considered thai the deputation had made out a fair case, and promised to rnownmeiid the re quisite expenditure for the favorable considera tion of hie colleagues. Hie Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued on Wednesday before His Honor the Chief Justice. The following cases were disposed of:—John Bowden, on his own admission of guilt, was sentenced to twelve j years 1 imprisonment with hard labor and 25 ■ lashes, for a rape committed on hi* own daughter. John Robert*, convicted on the pre vious day of manslaughter, received sentence of two years' imprisonment with hard labor. William Henry James, found guilty of an in ! decent assault, wasordered to be imprisoned for two years with hard labor. Jolia Dayle, con victed on big own admission of guilt of arson, j was remanded for sentence. George Bawker.con- I victedof horsestealing, was sentenced to two { years' imprisonment with hard labor. A j similar sentenoe was passed on Joseph Graham, who was found guilty of indecent assault. William Bough received a sentence of eighteen calendar months* imprisonment with hard labor on a charge of forgery, to which ho pleaded guilty. Thomas Allen, on his own ad mission of guilt, received a senteuca of two years' imprisonment with hard labor for horse stealing. A nolle proieqtu was entered in the case of Elisabeth Hiliman and J. O'Brien, charged with stealing from the pers n, as f c prosecutor, William Berry, was not forthcoming, and had his recognisances estreated. Joseph Kidan was acquitted on a charge of aggravated assault. The following cases will be heard to day before His Honor the Chief Justice:— William Knott, felonious assault; James Mc(^ldii, larceny as & bailoe; John Bennett, alias William O'Brien, arson; Hugo Klobstsdt, alias German Charlie, borsestealing; Henry Hem, stealing from the person; Michael MoCormack, stealing; Richard Perriom and Frederick Ward, forgery. The following re manets will be taken by His Honor Mr. Justice Bouoaat, Mr. Symon prosecuting:—William Haury Augur, false pretences ; William Under wood, horsestealing; Robeit Smith,burglary; and William Hill, stealing oa board a vessel. Both Courts will sit at 10 o'clock. It is stated that Pastor Chiniquj ia about to visit Narraooorte. A service of eong, " The Desire of all Nations." is to be given in the new Wesleyan Church, Norwood, this evening. A special meeting of the S.A. Yacht Club has been eonveued for this evening at ths Ship Inn, Port Adelaide, to consider special business. The half-yearly meeting- of the S.A.. Jockey Clnb Company is to be held at Mr. 3. Barnard's office this afternoon. The Australian Minstrels intend t? gi-r* an entertainment at the Glenelg Institute thi erening. Tbe next concert of the Adelaide I'iiilar monic Society will be given on the 23th inst. We understand that Siguor Savriui will sing at it. Nominations for the Clare Cap and Steeplechase must be made to-day with Mr. Coatee, or with the Secretary (Ur. Hill), at Gray's Hotel, up to 0 p.m. Playgoers will be pleased to learn that Mr. AJLLuon hasentered into aa engagement with the celebrated actress Miss Dorgan, to appear at the Theatre Koyal when Mr. Wybert Keeves. who will follow Miss Ada Ward, has conclude i his engagement. The following are the acceptances an-t entries for the principal events at the Birrs li?oc Meeting on April 1 :— Acceptances.—Bam Handicap—Westbury, Tom Brown, Country man, St. Bahlred, Mercury, and Thane; and for tbe Steeplechase— Irsnhoe. LittJe D*rkie, Lady Ashbounw, Sarchedoo, Uingwood. and Trutn ; >. Tbe cutrici are, for the Maidens — Davis's Shadow, O'Deu's Uermaid. Hamilton's lole, (.'nibb's Liliiau, and Cahill's Busbman. Fur tbe Town Plate—Jewess. Countrfaun. Mer cury, Tidal AVare, and Tom Brown. Then «Bb an outcry that Derics was thrown into the Haudica|t, but it would appear at though the mare it being kept for better things than can be open to her at the Burr* or i.t the North. If there is any foundation for tbe statement that Trump ha* performed well at Kemingtan Park, the Steeplechase will lojk like a good thing for Trump or S&rcbedon.; Ada and Don Carios are the favoritism for thi Great Northern Handicap, the betting being 5 to 4 on the field, and Banter being in soia? demand at 3to L For the Firing Handicap th«c is no betting at present. For the Steeplechase Hamlet is a strong favorite at 2 to 1 ajainvt him, Sarehedoo, Trump, and Selector being the next named, bit it it doubtful whether the la.st named horse and Warlock will arrive from Slelbourna in time to fulfil their Northern engagement*. Iliscoeks mid Ilarmsn'e Minstrel Trou^. attracted another large aUendanoe oa Wedaes <2ay evening, when a new programme was pra srnted. In the first part Mr. Veroon EeiJ saag * Pure as the waterlily," Mr. Amery give *■ I'm lonely no more," aud Mr. L. Braham the fine soDg.'Gloryor the grave,'' Mr. H. Stonch&m; placing a cornet obligato to tbe last. Til 9 phantom chorus, with the introduction of a ghost who made things lively for Bones au i Sambo, excited miboumU-d merriment. A second part of tbe entertaiument camiKiivl seme new scenfs, song*, end dances, which . were wr-11 received. Messrs, Cheevers a^J Kennedy were excruciatingly comic ia tLeir Dutch, Irish, and negro speciali ties, and their clever grmnantic dsociu^ was greatly appreciated. A burlesqna temp> ranee lecitatiou by Cheeven sent the aud la ice into roars of laughter. Mes;zs. Bent. Bronn, , Kewbuid. and Kennedy were also successful in their negro eccentricities, their statuesque groupings, with the local hits introduced for the occasion being especially amtuing. A mirth provoking sketch called *■ Les MiserabW brought the entertainment to a close, ThU evening the same programme, which is aa is- , eellent oi<e, will be repented. Ou Friday even ing Mr. W*. Horace Bent will take his benefit. On Tuesday eveniua-, March Is, a tea ' and entertainment in conuectiou with the Order of Bechabites took place in the Temperance : Hall, Xorth Addaiie. There was a large attoa dance, and amougst those present there wore Dearly the whole of the delegate* from the country who bad been io attendance at the ■ annual Council that day. The tables having been cleared, aud tbe eeata arranged, the newj> - < elected D.C.X. of theAlb-rt District. Mr.S. 3. Whitmore, took tbe cintr, anil openfrl tb« pro ceeding* with a briaf speech. Atter a song and cborus by lady and geuilemiD auiit-ar<. Mr. B. P. Cockh gave the report of tbe Allituee Tents front which we quote the fallowing: — " The past year lias bt-an oue of progress in j numbers and wealth. We have received by initiation attd clearaace 28 new members, 1) have run out through nonpayoienc jof subicrip tiene, and one haj withdrawn by clearance, leaving our numbers 1? mote than last year. We have received from all sources £370 l(ta SI., and bave dinbursed for side pay £53 15a. 5j.: surgeons, £5i 9*. 6d.; district fuuds, £41 Bs. 3d.; other expenses. £loo<i.&l.;iaakiuga | total of £226 19s. Td., leaving a balance t9 the credit of £161 17a. Id. on the year's transac tions, which, added to tbe funds of lost ye.ir, £877 9s. Sd., makes tbe preteut worth of ttit tent £1,023 6s. (Sd. We have also a Juvenile I Tent numbering 23 members, and having £23 2?. fid. io funds. Mont of our fuuds ars oat at interest on good security, but we have £150 unemployed. Tbe interest recsive.l during the year Las more than pud the sick pay." ■ Mr. G. W. Cole, D.S., gave a few figures from i the report of the Albert District. The eveain^'a ' entertainment included speeches by Mr. B. 11. ' Derrington, J.P., Bur. H. P. Mudge, and Mr. Ilcnben Gill, of Moouta; sangj, racitstions, ■, ic. by Messrs. G. Newman, H. Marlov, G. I Newman, jun., McKeehnie, t'. li. Litch&uld;,au4 G. M- Cole. Mrs. P. A. Howells presided at 1 the organ, and efficient help wan reudr-cei tit : vocal music by Miss Newman. During the ' eveuiog several presentations were made. Tli j I first was by Mr. li. Dawe. of Kadiua, on behalf i of the Hope of Kadina Tent, the members of ' which liad sabscribed for a splendid gold albert and locket, oa which was engraved the fact that it was a token of esteem to Bro. Joseph Treg loan, who had retired from the Secretaryship of the Tent after ten yean' service. Mr. Tregloan suitably replied. The other presentations con sisted of the P.D.C.B. scarfs to Rev. B. P. Mudge and Mr. G. Bickle. The interest of the entertainment was mn'n^i""^ throughout, and closed with a hearty vote of thanks to all who had taken part in the same. <S* J. "W. Burton begs to call attention to his Sale at 12 o'clock. This Day, of Household Furniture, &c.;, and two Coirs, close to the Duke of Wellington Hotel, Payneham. <3" Hears. Townsend. Botting, k Co. re quest ug to draw attention to the Sale of Mau ritius Sugars at their Mart. This Day, at 11 o'clock, being the balance of the cargoes of the Jane Wood burn and Frances. Mr. James H. Pair requests special attention to bis Sale This Day, at 2 o'clock, at Messrs. Fonnby & House's Basaar, of 35 head of Horses and Hares, and a pair of Ponies tat Messrs. T & J. Dodd; also, for other accounts, Borses, Dray, Waggon, Buggy, Spring-Oart, Harness, &c.; PortDarvris ... 4500 ¥*m Cheek ... 0300 TT.fWhw. . ...'.. 1-080 ChpeJervis ... Au30 Soothport ... 0300 PineJUra** ... 03S0 Daly Watert ... 0-100 Ueniagie ... 0030 