t.ois'don' oossrp. London. January 17. Politics just now are at a discount. The Afghan war is unmarked by any really stirring incidents ; and even Mr. Archibald Forbes has had to fall back upon camel races and life at the ience. Afghanistan, politically considered, has iroved itself to be a veritable house of cards. Che Indian Government fondly hoped that in Yakub Khan they could find a pliant :ool. Lord Lytton and hb advisers have :oo readily assumed that the young warrior would consent to sit on tha throne is the vassal of the Indian Government, whereas thus far there is no reason to believe :ither that he has any desire to play the traitor, -r that if he had he would be of the least ise to us. Nobody appears to know what las become of the Afghan troops, but ixperienced frontier officers with whom I have conversed during the last day or two express :he opinion that they have been sent to Hint. We are not likely to attack this important jiace, but of course the Amir has no means of mowing what our intentions are. In fact it would be impossible for us to reach Hirst before Ipril or May next, and then only after an expenditure of several millions of money. Meanwhile, as Sir Henry Normm's article ia the Fortnightly Eevieic clearly shows, the policy )f the Government meets with no more favour from the highest Indian authorities now than it did at the outset, and it is therefore certain that when Parliament assembles next mouth the Opposition will be prepared to attack the government along the whole line. ?I.0RD LTTTON AND HIS CRITICS. The Friend of India has made itself coa ipicuous by the fierceness with which it has issailed Lord Lytton's policy ; and indeed it is n»ldom that more trenchant articles have ap peared in any quarter than those which have Seen published from day' to day in the columns }f this journal. Its editor and proprietor, Mr. Knight, was formerly Secretary to the Govern ment of Bengal, and ought therefore to know a good deal about the secrets of the prison-house. Dne of its principal contributors u Major Osborne, who a year or two ago wrote a work of tome merit on Islamism, and who is still in the military service of the Government. The Major appears to have made no attempt to conceal his detestation of Lord Lytton's frontier policy, llthough no one knows to what extent he is re sponsible for the line taken by the Friend of India. Whatever the truth abont this may be, the military authorities have ordered Major Osborne to leave Calcutta, where he liu long resided, and to proceed to the very iistant and disagreeable cantonment of Quetta. In India servants of the Government are en couraged rather than otherwise to write for the newspapers. The Major therefore is punished, not tor writing articles iu a political journal, but for expressing opinions unpalatable to the Viceroy. THE CONDITION OF INDIA. Scandal also just now is busy with the Vice regal Court, but a* India is a country in which malicious tongues are apt to take liberties with great names too much importance must not be attached to the persouil gojsip of Simla or Lahore. But I am afraid that other stories which reach us are only too true; tint, for example, the use of torture in criminal cases has been revived by the native police, and thit the condition of the great mass of the popula tion is gradually getting worse. Indian finance promises to become the perplexity and torment of English statesmen. Sir Richard Femple has suspended the prosecution of public works of every kind in the presidency of Bom bay, iso fact could more conclusively show what he thinks of the situation. The Indian Government can only hope hereafter to frame inythiog like a decent balance sheet by reim poaiog the income tax, which in Lord Maya's time was so assessed as to drive the poorer :Llm«3 to the verge of rebellion. In the spinion of many persons the temedy is worse than the disease. India unquestionably is not in a position to pay the expenses of a great war, or even of extensive military operations; and this naturally brings me to the view of those who, like Mr. Fawcett, believe that as Lord Beaconsneld sent the expedition to Afghanistan in order to maintain the prestige of England, John Bull himself ought to pay the piper. Unless England pays a large proportion of the expense occasioned by the advance into Afgha nistan and the annexation of districts which must for many years to come be held by our troops, the financial difficulties of India must cul minate in bankruptcy. THE BA8TBBW Q?B5TWW. The prospect nearer home is hardly mare hopeful. It is greatly feared that when the Russians evacuate Eastern Kumelia that pro rince will be reduced to a state of anarchy, and that indeed the Turks may be the first to wish their old enemy back again. The Slavs in Eastern Eumelii are endeavouring to get rid of the direct rule of the Sultan, and the success of their design i* manifestly only a question of time. The Jingoes are exulting in the prospec tive withdrawal of the Russian troops from the jutricta south of the Balkans; but, as I have llready intimated, their rejoicing u a little premature. The Czir is determined to keep his word; and indeed it is said by those who know him well that if he is told that a thing which he thinks it is right and necessary c* do is unpopular, be becomes oaly the more ietermined to do it. If the Sultan only had a ?imilar temper there might be saves hope of jetting ithe long-promised reforms in Asia Minor executed; but I scupect that long before the Turks grant equality to their Christian sub jects constitutional government will have been established in Hossia. From time to time, in deed, there have been rumours of great political :haoges in Rus*ia; and as the Emperor mast sre this have become painfully conscioiis of the fact that no one pair of shoulders can be equal to the government of half Europe and Asia, it is possible that there may be some foundation for these reports. I know that our Premier's system of personal rule has found miny ad mirers in Russia, and that a very indutntial personage in that country lately wrote a letter in which he remarked that ?? as Lord Beace*n Seld appeared to be able to do what he pleased with] Parliamentary government in England he did not see why Kussia should not try the ex periment of ruling by a coastitutioc.' THE HURDES IN CRET2. The murder of poor Mr. Aadersoa, the superintendent of the telegrsph stitioa in Criite. will escite some stir ia the Ho^se of Conisaoa* duties the ensuing sesjiuii. Deiiils have biec received h«re which distinctly point to the mrjrdcr having beea committed by Bisai Bazouks. I: happens that the unfortunate young ajan and his clerk were doc-; to death tear a Turkish fort in the suburbs of Cisea. It Ua» abo been elicited that they wct* shot by ballets which h*d bees fired from % Winchester rifle, and that the Circa.«ian« are the o--!y people oa tfce island who are artsed wirfc thi* treipoa. Ia the next place there i* go*! rex*cn to bclicre thit the ballet* cam* frcm tte direction of the fort. An official «cquiry has been hel'i, but I need hardly say without acy reiulr. Although everybody believe* that Anuersan and hi* cotnpinion have been shot ia' revenge for the carrier of two Tcrks whose- liven were s.icrinced a abort sinie previously tbe Foreiga Orike is taking the matter v*ry coolly, aaii apparently talda :h9 fife of a Briti'h subject v#ry chevp jmi aai afesnwhi!e every telegraphic clerk ia the Me15 ttTraEtfAH from Gibraltar to Oo=st\Etino?le u in. a state of. alarm Ie-it tteT£rki.grnwLag bold with impunity, shopid find victtra at sune other telegraph stations in ths Levaat. Whit makes itrcore incumbent 'upoa the Go7eraaijat toi interfere u that it wia by special agreeai9.it with the Foreign Office and the Treasury that telegraphic communication with Crete was eati blished a few months ago. Ur. Gladstone take* « warm interest in this casa ; but I few th»t we. shall have to wait for tin advent of a Liberal Government before justice is doae. Tlia UBBBAL PA.HTT. The prospects of the Liberal pirty are much better at the present time than they have been for many months pa3t. There has been, it is true, no very decided manifestation of public opinion against the Government, but still the latter have palpably lost ground, which it is impossible for them to recover. Much of the existing depression of trade is directly caused by their restless foreign policy, and by the uncertainty which exists as to the new surprise* they may have in store for the country. The belief that their influence ia rapidly waning gives importance to every by-election which takes place, notably to the 'one 'which ia about to come off in North Norfolk, where both parties have made gijantic efforts to achieve a suc cessful result. Although the people are suffering greatly there is too much reason to fear tliat there are far more evil days in store for them ; and, moreover, unless the Chancellor of the Exchequer goes on borrowing money it will be absolutely necessary to lay new burthens of taxation upon the backs of an impoverished nation. LOBD BaACOSSFIKLD's HEALTH. Calculations with regard to the political future are a good deal baffled by the uncer tainty which surrounds the health and the plans of Lord BeaconsSeld. A few days ago the Standard announced that the Premier was vary ill, and at the same time published a lead ing article on the subject, which was manifestly intended to prepare the public for the worst. The Standard is a very well-conducted paper, and the public naturally attached importance to its intelligence; nevertheless a correspon dent of the Press Association declared that the Premier's illness had been greatly exaggerated, that he was only suffering from a comparatively slight attack of gout in the leg, and that, in fact, he had found it unnecessary even to call in his medical attendant. In pro portion as Lord Beaconsfield progressed towards complete recovery the report that he had been dangerously ill was denied with increased em phasis; and the public, therefore, have come to the conclusion that there was at no time ar y cause for alarm. It is, however, worthy of remark that the Conservative organ has never admitted its error, but, on the contrary, has more than once repeated its original statement as to the critical state of the Premier's heidth. I there fore suspect that be really had a short and sharp attack of gout, from which he unexpectedly rallied, and that the bronchial symptoms men tioned by the Standard also promptly yielded to careful treatment. It is probably quite true tbat Lord Beaconsfield's medical man was not inatten dance. He practises homceopathy, which enables a man to be in a great measure his own doctor, and to swallow globules and tinctures at his own discretion. WILL HE RESIGN? Lord Beaconsfield has entered upon his teventy-fourth year. (A writer in the Gentle man $ Magazine, on the faith of a certain Jewish register, however, alleges that he ia a year older than this.) It is therefore necessary that he should take care of himself. No one can look upon his ghastly face and tottering form with out feeling that years are beginning to tell upon him, and that indeed the time h»s come when he ought to begin to think of putting up the shutters and retiring altogether from busi ness. Such inclement weather as we have recently experienced is most dangerous t* a man who suffers from chronic weakness of the chest. During the winter months Lord Eeacons field needs to live in a warmer climate— say on the shores of the Mediterranean, or, better still, in Asia Minor, where, as an extra-official member of the Tory Cabinet, he might watch over the execution of the Anglo-Turkish Convention. An eminent medical authority recommends him to live at Clapham, just as Sir William Gull ad vised the Prince of Wales to build a Royal Nursery for hb children at Hackney. Wherever Lord Beaconsfield may decide to go, it is hardly likely that he will continue much longer at the head of affairs. While I write rumours of his probable early retirement from office reach me, and speculations as t# whether he will be iucceeded by the Duke of Richmond or Lord Salisbury are passing frcai mouth to mouth. Into the3e speculation* it would be unprofitable to enter. ' Sufficient fcr the day is the evil thereof.' IIS. SPCR3KOK. The health of a very different mau from the ?iirgular person who now rules England — I refer to Mr. Spurgeon— has also occasioned much inxiety of late. His present attack of rheumatism is so severe, and has been attended with so much pain, that his o'uly chance of restoration lies in his leaving England as soon is he will bear removal, and taking up his abode in a milder climate for an indefinite perod. He has, I believe, beguu to realize this fact, and is accordingly making arrangements for a prolonged absence from the scene of his useful labours. His congregation {have lately held a bazaar at the Metropolitan Tabernacle for the purpose of raising him a testimonial of five thousand pounds. One fact in connection with this bazaar is particularly worthy of being mentioned. Mr. Spurgeon has for years past shown a warm sympathy with the butchers of London. Not to be behindhand in good feeliug they sent to the bazaar such large quantities of meat that a butcher's shop had to be fitted up in the Tabernacle, acd all day long the well-known cry, 'Buy, buy, buy,' was heard in the sacred edifice. The testimonial far exceeds the pro posed sum of five thousand pounds, but Mr. Spurgeon, with that perfect unselfishness which characterizes him, intends to spend every shilling of it in the endowment of his almshouses for the aged poor. SPUROEON'a sbbuon3. The copyright of bis sermons is a valuable piece of property; and apparently his inability to preach must tend to limit, if not to stop, the further issue. Mr. Spurgeon, however, in spite of acute pain, has been engaged for many months past in dictating sermons from his sofa. By thi* means he is able to keep up the regular weekly publication of his sermons, whose readers, I may «dd, live in every part of the world, and are to be counted by hundreds of thousands. So long as he can write sermons he will find an army of readers ; and indeed there is reawn to believe that he has exerted as great an influence over multitudes who have never heard his voice or seen his fac& as he has done over the 6,000 persons who have been accustomed every Sunday to listen to his ministrations. Although hoping for the best, I fear that his pulpit work ia this country is now drawing to a close. A. PR03SLTTEIS0 MOMSIONOa. It is true that a. great gulf is fixed between Mr. Spurgeon and Moasiguor Cspel; and indeed theonly two points of resemblance between them which 1 1 'can discover are— (1) That they are both popular preachers ; aud (2) that they also both enjoy a great reputation for their agree able social qualities. Monsignor Capel, although the son of a Hastings lodging-home keeper^is a born gentleman, a man who can talk delightfully for a whole evening without once approaching the one subject which all the while is uppermost in his mind. An ecclesiastic who can exercise so much patience and self control is surely ' a fisher of men' wall deserv ing of the confidence placed in him by his superiors. Notwithstanding his plausibility of manner and fluency of speech, he is a failure in tbe pulpit. His true sphere of action is the drawiag-room. He his recently vbited Oxford on a religious mission. There he angled for undergraduates, and with no little success. Meetings for conversation aud enquiry ware beld by him in private houses, and the youth of the University were there drawn towards Rome by an insinuating mode of attack far more likely so accomplish ita object than if a vulgar line and book had been tued. Maasignor Cipel eschews rough controversy. LEO XIII. Motsi^cor Capel naturally suggests the Pope. whcs« proceedings are becoming a source of much perplexity, no less to his friends thia to his fcx»s. Leo XIII. his no sympathy with asceticism, and seta his fare steaaiiy 3gaiost those bodily aiortiScations which are so much iii vogue srnongst the English Ultraaicratisea. A frier.d of mice, who has been brought into iutisiate relation with the P*p\\! Coart, 95inres me that His Holineaj has co iuteatioa, if fce caa help it, to remain a prisoner at tha Vatican, or to continue oa bad terras with the Italian Government. On the contrary, hi* desire is to rasrrh with the times, and,if posjib!?, to reconcile the Ciiarch with the necessities of the age. The consequence is that the Pope i* in bad ocoar with tte Jesuits aad other ec Tlesm tics ot the reactioaary school. Their belief in his infallibility his also beea a good deal sznkea by his having heavily taxed the incoiae3 of tha superior clergy. Leo XIII. h«3 encouraged the Roman Catholic laity to uatte freely with their political opponents i a fitting oat a new exseii tiaa for the exploration of Central Africa. Strange to say, ia ibis nutter the Qairiaal aad the Vatican appear to hive joined haatlt. Tii9 most extraordinary pirt or the rapvemeat is the formitioa of -s- Ladies* Ooaiaiitiee, in which the very ' blackest* of_ Princesses aai Duchesses have agreed to act in concert with other Romas lad is* wbosa politic* are of a totally different colour. -They all meet, it appeic*, ia the palace of a neutral Countess. The world ttay yet witness some .strange events in Italy. A reforming Pope may possibly make unex pected use of the dogma of infallibility. He is not necessarily bound always to employ it against human progreu; and at the present time there is undoubtedly an impression in Rome that Leo XIII. is likely to disappoint the expectations of Cardinal Manning ou the one hand and of Dr. Cummiug on the other. FH0P03BD COLOHUL EXHIBITION. The Italians are sending aa expedition to Africa in order to opeu up uew channel* of trade and to establish colonies for their over flowing population. The merchants and manu facturers of Lancashire are also turning their attention to Africa, in the hope that, assisted by British capital and enterprise, they may succeed in discovering new markets in that undeveloped continent. Mr. H. B.Strangways on the other hand looks to our own colonies for the means of reviving British commerce, and as one effec tive means of promoting this desirable object he proposes that at an early period an exhibition of the manufactures and products of our colonies shall be held in London. Mr. Strangways ia careful to exclude India from hb project, wishing it to be confined exclusively to the colonies. The Duke of Manchester wrote a letter to this gentleman, in which he warmly approved of the proposal, and suggested th»t it should be brought before tie Council of the Royal Colonial Institute. Mr. Strangways has promptly acted on this hint, and the Council, after some pre liminary discussion, has decided t» convene a special meeting of its member* to consider the matter. If the Prince of Wales would consent to put himself at the head of this movement of course its success would be assured. Mr. Strangw&ya; may be trusted to throw all a is well-known energy and ability into thb good work, and I have not tbe least doubt that he will attract to its support many of the foremost commercial men of the kingdom. He has been employing hb leisure moments lately in makiag improvements in the microphone, so that he can transmit through it most of the sounds of the human voice. He b also able to reproduce the tick of a watch more loudly than it caa be heard through the ordinary Bell telephone. A similar amount of skill and assiduity if applied to the proposed Colonial Exhibition will make it a success of which both the mother-country asd the colonies will hare good reason to be proud. sta. BBovrjr vx sraw beitaih. The 'little war7 which the Kev. George Brown waged several months ago against the can nibal natives of New Britain has excited a good deal of attention here in official circles. I hear that Mr. Brown's proceedings have been brought before the Colonial Secretary, and that he has found it necessary to consult Sir Arthur Gordon, who is still on a visit to hb relatives in Scotland. It b rather fortunate that Her Majesty's High Commissioner in the Pacific should happen to be in thb country at the present moment. The question to be derideftfs whether Mr. Brown has violated the provbions ef the Pacific Islanders' Protection Act, No. 2 ; and if he has done so, whether instructions should not be sent to the Judicial Commissioner at Fiji to institute a. judicial enquiry into the missionary's conduct. The case b one of great importance, both on its own account and also because the decision of the Secretary of State will form a precedent. THR NEW OPHELIA. Turning to lighter subjects, I may mention that the dramatic incident of the mouth has unquestionably been the re-opening of the Lyceum, where Miss Ellen Terry's Ophelia effec tually silences the disappointment that might otherwise have been felt at the failure of Mr. Irving to come forward in his managerial capacity in any newer character than the rlamlet of which so much has already been said and written. About Mbs Terry's Ophelia there can be no two opinions. So tender, so graceful, so human, and yet so poetic a representation of the hapless victim of ' my Lord Hamlet's' ill starred lo\e lias certainly not been seen within the recollectiou of the present generation— with the exception, perhaps, of Christine NLtason's performance, some ten or twelve years ago, on the lyric stage of the same part in Arubroiae Thomas's opera of ' Hamlet,' which created a temporary furore in London and Paris, very lirgely due to the incomparably pathetic singing of the second Swedish nightingale. Mdlle. Nibson had, however, to deal with a part that was confessedly the chief role of the piece, for the French composer's Prince of Denmark b little more than Ophelia's lover, whereas it has been too much the custom here to regard Shak speare's Ophelia as merely necessary to furnbh a love episode for Hamlet, and the public has been generally content to see the part played with sweetness and refinement, without de manding strong individuality or much power of any kind from its representative. But Ellen Terry s.Ophelb is a bona fide creation, quite removed from the commonplace category of girlish grace and propriety of gesture. She does not simply act well, and so adequately support the Hamlet of the night. She is for the time being Ophelia herself, a reil woman, with an intense though exquisitely shy nature, who, unlike most Ophelias that I hare seen, does strike one as capable in her reverential passion for her gifted and august lover of being goaded to despair and madness by the terrible spectacle of her mental alienation. MISS ELLEN TBBET IS A LUNATIC ASTLUM. How determined she was to be governed by no mere tradition or professional examples in ner desire to give reality to her impersonation may be gathered from the fact that shortly beiore the theatre was reopened she, in com pany with her husband, Mr. Charles Kelly, paid * visit to a lunatic asylum at Banstead, in Surrey, expressly to observe cases of melancholic insanity for herself. Her performance seems to nave taken even her own family by surprise, tor her sisters, all of whom are or have been on the stage, wept as freely as their neighbours in the stalls over the scene between Hamlet and Ophelia, ending with 'get thee to a nunnery,' it-., while they confessed one to another that they had 'never thought Ellen could act like tbat.' IHVIIfO'3 HAMLKT. Mr. Irving's Hamlet has decidedly] gained as a scholarly and intellectual presentation, but unfortunately retains those defects which to many persons, myself among the number, greatly mar the effect of hb really fine acting. The old trick of producing hb words with apparent difficulty, commonly called ' mouthing,' re mains in full force, as well as that imperfect enunciation which makes it almost impossible for persons not very near the stage to follow him unless previously well acquainted with the text* be is declaiming. He, moreover, st&nds; by the habit of speaking Shakspeare so very slowly that indistinctness b the less excusable, even small prepositions being given out with an emphasb suggestive of nothing so much as an extemporary preacher waiting for the right word to come. When, however, he does rise above these mannerisms he carries hb audience away : and such b notably the cue in the scene with Ophelia, which leaves absolutely nothing to be desired in the way of mournful, heart rending pathos ; but here he had, as I have said, an Ophelia to play to such as has not before beeu seen in our time, and was evidently carried bejond bb often too manifestly studied manner. Mr. Irving has .made sundry new rules which deserve respect, among them being the peremp tory abolition of fees to box and seat keepers, and the inclusion of programmes in the price paid for admission. The public are indeed ' entreated' to support the management in thb wholesome innovation; and it will be the public's own fault if the underlings of the Lyceum, startiag with cheerful voluntary service, gradually acquire the ugly look of mute suppliancy which I have seen steal over their faces at ose or two other houses which started with equally generous programmes. Irving, like Macready. has a profoundly pious mind, and, unlike most of his profession, is ascetic in his own habits, though most generous in his conduct to others. He has a strong leining towards fatalism, and is as Calviubtic in hi* views as Toplady or John Newtou. If he had not been an actor he would have been a preacher, aud thost post intimate with his leanings pre dict a d^tinctly religious career for him when ever he shall retire from stage life. FAHOCS P0HTBA1T3. The Exhibition of Old Masters at Burlington House (the Eoyal Academy), which was opened on Twelfth Bay, seems to justify the idea th»t the art treasures scattered up and down in Esglbh private houses b all but inexhaustible, forTisotwitbstandiog that similar collections year after year invite our inspection, there b' ai yet no perceptible falling off either in the quantity or quality of tbe works contributed. Thb year's Winter Exhibition is especially rich in portraits, and much interest is naturally felt in that of Mbs Polly Kennedy, by Sir Joshua Reynolds, because the artist considered it to be tbe very best face he had ever painted ; but, perhaps, spirt from thb recommendation, the picture would not win acy special amount of notice, for though doubtless an ^excellent like neBs, Miss Kennedy's claims to be a reigning beauty are cot of a striking order. More attrac tive in every way to 'my thinking b Reynolds'* portrait of Charles- James Fox, the original of? many copies, -and evidently 'a speaking' resemblance of that brilliant and geu«roos ?tattamaa. Anothaf very, attractive portrait is the beautifully painted picture of Lord Nelson's mbtreas. Lady Hamilton, as ** Bapbro sjne,' au eiqubite study of a very lovely woman. Italian and Spanish painters also are largely represented, Murillo's wonderful kDeeliag Magdalene, with its intense expres sion of grief and humiliation, being the most remarkable of thb class. The Dutch and Flemish school have the magaiScent portrait of General Velasquez by Rubens, a marvel of splendid free drawing instinct with life, in con trast with Jan Brueghel's queer picture, ' The Eve of the Deluge,' which is crowded with elaborate detail and droll anachronisms, such as Cashmere shawls and an Italian villa, which, however, cannot destroy the fine handling of the beasts walking to the Ark. Never perhaps have there been so many good pictures in the market as at this particular season of depression and distress. Only the other day a collection bought by a private geatlem»n for thirty thousand pounds was sold, on account of the hard times, which make money scarce, for fifteen thousand ; and one has only to look into the] windows of well-known shop* devoted to artbtic objects to note the unusually large number of really fine works offered at prices which testify either that the dealer his bought them very cheap or that some depositor is willing to let them go almost for '?» song' in order ' to raise the wir-d.' LITBBABT OO33JP. It b said that Mr. Tom Taylor will shortly retire from the editorship of Pirnch, and th»t he will be succeeded by Mr. F. O. Burnand, whose ghost stories now in course of publication are likely to rank among the best things which havtj appeared in Punch since the days of Douglas Jerrold and Thackeray. The Duke of Argyll's work on the Eastern question is now completed. I hear that it b admirably written, and that the Duke makes a very vigorous attack on Lord Lytton. The Duke is still at Cannes, suffering from the gout. Tha world has been startled by the announcement of death from suicide of Mr. E. M. Ward, the historical painter, who was a great favourite of the Prince Consort. Mr. Ward's death will be a loss to the women's suffrage movement, of which he was a warm supporter. Mr. William Black intends to write a story the principal scenes in which will be located at Brighton. He will, therefore, reside at that London-by-the-sea during the next few months. 