The iateOMfong Summer ' ;< ... /BY- Hie Geelong Baerag Club-were especially fortunate as regards the weather for their meeting on Thursday and Saturday, but the prospect about 10 o'clock on the moraine nf Thursday of having an extremely hot day prevented a large number of Melbourne people from pratting in an appearance. StilL tp attendance from the metropolis and allarat on the two days was pretty much the same as last year, but there was a falling off as far as regards the local public. Not. withstanding the limited 'number of com. petitors that came to the post for the majority of the events, the racing was pretty goedthroughont,andasthe course was incapi. tal order, and stewards, secretary, and other officials well up in the performance of their respective duties, the meeting may fairly be termed an unqualified success. The mem bers of the Press have to thank the secre tary and other officials for their attention to their wants, and I only re-echo the general opinion of the members of the Fourth Estate when I state that every facility was afforded them in the discharge of their duties. The retirement of Jack Tar and Pioneer deprived the Hurdle Race of a good deal of interest ; but, strange to say, Abdallah, who had hitherto been a great favourite, fell in public estimation at the last moment, and Welsh man supplanted him in the betting. It was a very hollow victory for Abdallah, as Flinders fell at the first hurdle, Shadow baulked when they had gone half a mile, and Welshman parted company with his rider at the sixfurlong post, so that all Abdallah had to do was to canter home in front of the moderate Dutchman. I think, however, had the rider of Welshman showed a little more judgment, and not forced the pace so injudiciously, the result would have been different. Monarque, who is now on the improving side, was first favourite for the Trial Stakes, and he justified the confidence of his friends by winning very cleverly from the two-year-old Terrific and four others. This was a very good performance on the part of the son of Irish King, as, on the last day, Terrific settled the pretentions of Queen Bee, Petrea, Tumult, and Athena, in the Barwon Stakes ; and I feel sure that Irish King, who is as well bred as any horse in the land, will yet take high rank amongst the sires of the season. Nine horses weighed out for the Cup, but as Zambesi bolted into the bush, and could not be got back in time, there/ was virtually only eight starters, which was considered a very satisfactory result. The fittest horses, undoubtedly, were Lord Harry, Aconite, Tom Kirk, and Zambesi, particularly the former, who was in magnificent condition ; but as he was a despised "stick-jumper," little attention was paid to him by the pre sumed good judges. Aconite looked un commonly well, and Zambesi, who was also very fit, possesses a fair turn of speed, which opinion he subsequently proved to he correct in the Handicap, on the last day of the meeting. I did not like the appearance of Savanaka in the least, nor did anyone else, as, when he was seen in the paddock, he fell from the position of first favourite to almost any price yon liked to ask. Sussex was big and above himself, and Aldinga looked the same, bnt Coventry was hardly class enough for the company. Aconite was undeniably the first favourite, and so little was thought of Lord Harry's chance that, although all the books were bad against him, 5 and 6 to 1 could be readily obtained about him. One bookmaker, who had laid 500 to 10 against Lord Harry for the Cup and Han dicap, immediately shut up his book, under the impression that he had madea LlO-note, but as Lord Harry came to 6 to 4j and even money after his victory in the Cup, the book, was anything but a good one at the finish. The. race is easily described, as Columbus, evidently with the intention of serving his stable companion, Aconite, cleared away from his field for something like a mile and a half, when Lord Harry, who had been second throughout, went up to him, in company with Tom Kirk, and the race was then virtually over, the "hurdle- racer " winning in a canter by two lengths from Tom Kirk. Aconite came with a wet sail at the finish, bnt he had no chance with the pair before him. Sussex ran well for a mile and a half, but Savanaka was never in it, thus justifying the opinion of those who would not stand him after they had observed his condition. As Petrea had beaten His Grace in a trial, she had the call in the bet ting ; but she had had so little the best of it, that the owner of His Grace backed his colt in preference to the filly. Queen Bee, who ran so well on New Year's Day, was also supported; bnt Microscope and the well-bred filly Hooton were absolutely friendless. A great finish resulted between His Grace and Petrea; .bnt owing to the jockey of the former having broken his stirrup-leather, Hie horse hong on to Petrea so much that Hailes could not use his whip, arid so the colt won by a short head, Queen Bee a bad third. The- winner is the property of Mr. J. Co well, and being by The M arquis out of Beatrice, & thus full brother to that good performer His Lordship. A.T. was greatly fancied at first for the Connewarre Plate, but he went back in a very mysterious manner ; and the uncertain Tocal left the paddock with odds on him, nothing else baing backed. Whirligig made the pace very warm until 200 yards from home, when Tocal challenged him, and beat him cleverly ; A.T., who had been hauled about in &U; directions, a good third, Monarqne had very little difficulty in beating Nina in the Grand Stand Stakes, the other two starters, Tidal Wave and Devilshoof, never being in the hunt, which brought the proceedings to a close. On the second day, followers of public runnipg thought they had a real good thing in Petrea fer the Barwon Stakes, and put the "pieces' down with right good will, but the "glorious uncertainty" was again exemplified. Tumult had all the best of a flying start ; but Terrific fairly chopped hint down when they had gone half a mile, and beat Queen gee m a canter at t Petrea ran very shifty," ahdswerving unaer the judge's box, managed to secure the barren honour of a situation, half a length behind Queen Bee, the first day's running \Sm fcpg quite reifrod & ftu !? meeting Monarque ohl51Jbettrtenns than when thw tejLed ©Quclusums in Jdui GiW Stand' S takes, ahe win greatly fanciedfcr ithe Stewards' Purgp, Tocal and Mbharqiie also having a f€fw admirers,; The result wqs a iwe at triumph forthe handicapper, as Nina, Tocal, and Monarque, ' the three piabed ; horses, finished within ahead of eLsh other, the rest ofthe held also well up; so that, [ap parently, Mr, Barnard had got the- -measure of the field1 verV atoUrately. The; Produce Stokes dwindled down to only two starters, viz., Nerissa and Warlock, and, onpulplic running, it looked a good thing for the latter, but the little horse was very big, and was not within a stone of his spring form/Nerissa, on the contrary, was in first-rate buckle, and started with the odds of 5 to 4 ;on her. 'Haying so touch advantage as regards condition, it was thought that she would have gone from end to end, "and thus never five the son of Kelpie the ghost of a chance ; ut she made; a waiting race of it, which suited Warlock to a nicety, and the little horse was' only beaten by a head after a desperate race. The r easy, victory of Lord Harry in the Cup had its effect upon the number Of competitors for the Handicap, and when the numbers Went up, it waS seen that only five horses had the temerity to oppose the son of Angler and Pair Nell. Backers of horses willingly laid 5 to 4 Jon him, but not a 'few good judges fancied Zambesi, and . public opinion proved to |be correct, as the pair ran first and second. Zambesi had a commanding lead of Lord Harry and the others for over'a mile, when the light- weight came back to his horses, and Lord Harry, who then had him in t rou ble, fairly romped home in front, of him in the fast time of 2min. 40£sec. The result was a great blow to the " ring," who laid very heavily against him, under the impres sion that he was not class enough. The performances ofthe hurdle-racers, Lowlandei and Hesper, in the old-country, and Dawn of Day, Jokes, Sussex, and Lord Harry in this colony, will do much to .sweep away the idea that, once a horse is puVto the jumping line of business, he loses his pace ; and, for the future, I feel confident that more attention will be paid to the "crack " hurdle-race homes when they try conclusion on the flat. It is a singular circumstance in connection with the Geelong meeting that the two principal events have often been won by the sanie horse, as will he remem bered when the names of Flying Scud, Nim- blefoot, Leo, Emulation, and Lord Harry, who each landed the double, are re called to mind ; and after the success of the last-named, the bookmakers will be very chary about laying the same home foi : the- two events. Only Sarchedon, Bed Iron, and Himalaya faced the starter for T the Steeplechase; and the former, with, all the disadvantage of a baulk at the second fence, won pretty easily from Red Iron, Himalaya having put his chance out by falling half a mile from home. As Whirligig had beaten Blazes and Sheriff at even weights on the first day, in the Connewarre Plate, it was only natural to suppose that, meeting them on the same terms in the Selling Stakes, he would do so again. The public thought so, too, and laid 3 to 1 on him, but he refused to race 100 yards 'from home, and old Blaze; beat him very cleverly by three parts of a length ; and so the curtain dropped on the annual meeting of the Geelong Racing Club. 