ME. BERRY'S REFORM BILL. Two or three days ago we published a brief but comprehensive summary of the new Reform Bill introduced by Mr. Berrv. We have now before us the full text of the measure, as well as Mr. Berry s speech on moving for leave to bring it in and the discussion which followed. That the Ministry either hope, or indeed wish, to pass the Bill we cannot for one moment believe, nor, we suppose, have they any hope that if it is rejected by the Council they will be in a position to claim the interference of the Imperial Government, although Mr. Berry sought to maintain the contrary and to prove that the measure was prepared within the lines of the despatch from Sir M. Hicks Beach. It is noteworthy that the present Bill differs materially from that brought in last year, although the latter wa3 pronounced to be perfect and the Government pledged themselves to ad here to it It appears, too, from Mr. Berry's speech that he did not take last year's Bill home with him, that he did not directly discuss its contents with the Secretary of State for the Colonies, and especially that he had no conversation with the right hon. gentleman on the question of the plebis cite. These admissions are certainly very peculiar, and in the face of them it iB difficult to bs© how any opinion can be formed, except from analogy, of what ' would be regarded by the Imperial Govern ment as a reasonable proposal for the reform of the Legislative Council Sir Bryan O'Loghlen gets over the difficulty by maintaining that of course the people themselves are to be the judges of what is reasonable. It might have been expected that the members of the Embassy would have been at some pains to ascertain in what light their previous efforts were regarded at home and in what respect they would need to be modified. Nothing of the kind, however, appears to have been done, and it is no wonder that Mr. Berry should have felt it desirable to speak of hi3 labours in England in a very modest tone. In many respects the discussion on the motion for leave to bring in the Bill was extremely amusing. We are now able to form some idea of what waa intended when a short time ago the Victorian Premier talked of bringing in a moderate measure of reform, and we get some insight also into the real reason for the step that has been taken. Thus one Government supporter stated there was no hope of the Bill being passed by the Council, but it was necessary to bring it in so that it might be discussed by the country. Another said that it vraa an agreeable surprise to the friends of the Ministry and a painful one to the Oppo sition. In short, the Government have been compelled to yield to the clamour of the extreme party, and it is to bo feared they have shown no great un willingness to do so. The proposals made by them last year were bad enough ; those made by them this year are simply outrageous. In both cases the provisions for making the Assembly independent of the Council and the electors in regard to money votes are sub stantially the same. When the Premier was asked if that was in accordance with the practice of the House of Commons he replied, 'No, but it 13 in accordance with the theory that underlies the House of Commons practice' — an argument ?which cuts both ways. In regard to the means of 'settling differences between the two Houses' the plebiscite is retained. Instead, however, of the Council having the right to ask for the adoption of this expedient, it is now proposed that the decision shall rest with the Governorin CounciL In order, moreover, to further perfect ' the perfect Bill ' of last year, the scheme for converting the Council into a nominee chamber is proposed. The present members are to retain their seats for the term for which they were elected, and then the vacancies are to be filled by members nominated by the Governor for ten years. The measure i3 so grossly unjust and so contemptibly selfish that indigua tion is wasted upon it. It will be noted how carefully it guards against the Assembly being sent to the country, ho that members may not run the 'risk of losing their Parliamentary salaries. The electors may indeed in certain contingen cies give their opinion upon a particular Bill, but good care is taken that they shall not have the oppor tunity of expressing an opinion upon the action of their representatives. If such a Bill were passed a Ministry having a large majority in the Assembly might defy the country. The vote of the Assembly alone would be a sufficient warrant for any form of outlay proposed, and every encouragement would bo given to the adoption of those corrupt practices for which the Berry Ministry has already become notorious. As we have said, there is evidently no hope that the Coun cil will pass the Bill. Fo- two or three reasons the proposals have evidently been made as extreme as they well could be. The discussion will thereby be prolonged. The Council will be driven into a position of direct antagonism to the Assembly. There will be some hope of reviving the cry which was potent last session, but which has since been superseded by the more urgent cry of distress coming from the lips of the unemployed. The position of the Ministry is desperate, and they are playing a desperate gauie. That they will obtain a majority in the Assembly is, we suppose, very probable, for members will not care to risk an appeal to the country. The upshot, however, -will in all likelihood be that the session will be wasted in angry recrimi* nations, that much-needed legislation will be pushed aside, and that the question of Council Reform -will six months hence be as far off from settlement as ever. The Ministry have certainly shown some astuteness in bringing in their Bill at so early a period, so that the public may be occupied with this subject before the unwelcome facts come to light which the Treasurer will have to announce when he makes his Budget speech. In the meantime Victoria, we are afraid, will continue to be the shocking example from which the other colonies may learn what they should not do in attempts at Legislative Council reform as well as in most other practical questions of legislation. The Zcix War.— The good fortune which has attended Sir Garnet Wblseley during his military career shows no signs of deserting him. Within a few days of his arrival in Zululand a blow has been struck which promises to be the deathblow of the Zulu war. Sir Garnet himself has probably had no direct hand in the engage ment at Ulundi, but none the less will hi3 name be associated with this bril liant victory which it would appear has effectually broken the power' of the Zulu King. It is not eaay to identify the exact locality of Ulundi, but it is in the heart of Cetywayo's dominions, and, if not his last stronghold, is one of those upen which he chiefly depended. It is significant that this sanguinary encounter should have taken place a few days after the dispatch of Zulu envoys begging for a cessation of hostilities, and Waring with them ai a peace offering great store of ivory. It shows the determination of Cety wayo to fight to the last extremity that he should, even while submitting overtures of peace, be ready to take the field and make a desperate attempt to withstand the onward march of the in vader. Fortunately on this occasion Lord Chelmsford was prepared for the onslaught, and the twenty thousand Zulus, ia spite of their reckless bravery, ?were in the end compelled to fall back before the withering fire of five thousand rifles, which made terrible gaps in their dusky ranks. A thousand of Cetywayo's warriors were slain, and that at a cost of ten Briti«h Boldiera killed and fifty-three wounded. Thus the lustre of a triumph which will go far to obliterate the memory of Lord Chelmsford's past misfortunes and proved deficiencies aa a commander is happily not dimmed by tho conscious ness of its having been secured by a heavy sacrifice of British life. Fur the sake of humanity— for the sake of the Zulus themselves, who have from iirst to last been ready at a word from their sovereign to rush into tho arms of death — it is gratifying to know that there is a strong likelihood of tha war having by tbia time been ended. Of course it could have no other end than tho complete subjugation of Cetywayo, It matters not that it was a most ill-advised, a most unjust war. Great Britain having been com mitted to it could not draw back with safety, to Bay nothing of honour, which in this matter had best be left out of tho calculation. It u now authoritatively announced that the Zulu King feels it useless longer to mea sure hia power against that of tho British troopa which have of late been pouring into his country. Tho serious responsibility of carrying the nego tiations for peace to a close will rest upon Sir Garnet Wolseley. Saies of Ooiteh is Esauuro.— A private telegram received from London on Friday atetes ' that 1,142 tons of Wallaroo oopper have been «old privately at £60 per ton ; that oopper ore is quoted at 10«. 7Jd. per unit; and that the Chilian chartera for the fortnight preceding the date of the message were 2,000 tons. ? Education Exhlhitigss.— The Minuter of Education baa awarded an exhibition to J. V, Hellor, educated at Port Adelaide and Grote atreet Schools. Six candidates competed. The exhibition ia of the value of £30 per annum, tenable for three yean. ' Thb Beaicbs Act.— The following speech made by Mr. Hainea on Wednesday on the Brands Act'Repeal Bill was accidentally omitted from our report of tbe proceedings : — u He said as one of Mr. Ward's constituents he would say that the District of Gumeracha understood the condition* of the Act as well u Mr. Ward himself. (Laughter.) It was true the branding waa not absolutely compulsory in the Act, bat it was practically necessary, as no man could allow bis cattle to go unbra&ded;, and be would have to do that if be did not adopt a registered brand.' Gold si tee Basobsa. District. — Mr. E. Lane, of Gawier, has purchased from a man, who got it in the Barosaa district, aboat an ounce and a half of gold, the product (states the Standard) of leas than a fortnight's work, the finder working by himself. Tbe gold ie sbotty, of very good quality, and much water* worn. Stratoihg of tub Kalauovb.— A telegram from Millicent, published in another colnmn, reports tbe Kalkabome, barque, to be stranded on Glen's Point, Eivoli Bay. The vessel is com manded by Captain Fearce, who is said to be a very careful mariner, tbougb in this case bis voyage has terminated badly. The barque was beund from Newcastle to Kivoll Bay, with 501 tons coal. She was drawing sixteen feet of w.» ter, and struck at full flood. Probably she will be lightened sufficiently to float off with Saturday morning's tide, but as she was bump ing heavily and making water the chances are against her. 'WnEcK at CAurEMTEB's KocKf.— The Super intendent of Telegraphs has handed ns the following information, which he received on Friday from the Harbour Master »t Port MacDonnell :— ' Steamer Tenola reports schooner ashore Carpenter's Rocks, inside reef. Vessel bumping heavily, and tails Hying loose. She was seen at 11 o'clock this morning. The weather is thick. Wind, south-east ; heavy sea.' In our telegraphic columns will be found a few further particulars. Abrital is LoirDox of Ship Turbbxb. — Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Go. have been advised by their London rgeut that the Torrens arrived there. The telegram is dated July 23, and aa tbe ve&eel; cleared out from Port Adelaide on March 24 she must have made an unusually long paaaage. Among tbe passengers by the Torrens were Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Bonnin, Mr. and Mia. T. W. Fleming, Mr. and Mrs. Bishop,, and Dr. James, PRESENTATION TO THK RfiT. CANORFAIiB, MJl. — A presentation was made to the Rev. Canon - Farr, M.A., late Head Muster of St. Peter's Collegiate School, by the old scholars, on Priday evening, July 25, at the Town Hall Refreshment Room. Tbe occasion selected for making it was the annual old scholars' dinner, at which the Hon. O. ManD, Q.O., M.I*., presided, Mr. John Downer, Q.C., M.P., occupyiug the vice-chair. The testimonial, which wm handed to Mr. Farr by Mr. John Downer, took the form of a gold casket full of sovereigns. Bates Benefit E.vtehtainmhut.— The enter tainment arranged by Mr. Allison for the benefit of the widow and family ot tbe late Mr. F. M. Kates, the actor, takes place at tbe Theatre Royal this afternoon. A splendid programme has been prepared, which in itself should be sufficient to draw a crowded house. Several scenes from 'Henry V.'™ will bo performed, and Professor Herman, a ventriloquist, will make his first appearance bt fore an Adelaide audience. The full programme is published in our advertising columns. Phri'okhajjceb at tub Bcboa and Jakes town.— The Lynch Family of Bellringers will appear this evening at the Institute, Barra,and on Monday and Tuesday at tbe Institute Hall, Jamestown. FinE at Glanville.— A four-roomed cottage at Glapville waa totally destroyed by fire oa Friday evening. It appears that tho occupants had gone out, leaving tbo place, as they thought, secure, but shortly afterward* the home was reduced to ruins by the tlame.s. Xo water waa available, and it was only by extraordinary efforts that some tenements in the vicinity were saved. PlKIE-STBEETMnrAl. iMT'IMVBMliNT ASSOCIA TION.— Ihe conversazione nnd art exhibition iu connection with this Association w;is coutitnu d in tbe Pirie- gtreet Lecture Hull ' on Friday evening, July 25. There wan another large attendance, and the Rev. T. Lloyd occupied thu chair, the Rev. R. S. Casely also being ou tho platform. During the intervals the company again sang several glees in a very good style, snd songs and recitations were given by Miss Bennett, Rev. 8. S. Moucrief, and Meanrs. Narroway, -;. Daniel, Col ton, J. W. Auuell«, and W. C. Crabby. A boIo ou the piano by ono of Mr. Obiuner's lady pupils wm well received. Mr. Chinner acted as Musical Director. By a mistake we inserted the namo of tbe Rev. J. Ljall, instead of the Rev. T. Lloyd, as Chair man, in yesterday's Eeyiiitr. Thb Greloso FootisaixAhr.— On Friday the Geelong team were entertained at a picnic arraDgeil by Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P. They started frora the city in the morning in two of Hill & Co.'s coaches, accompanied by Messrs. F..T. Smith, M.P., and J. O. liray, M.P., ana a number of Adelaide footballers. On arrival at Craft-rn a dinner— given by Mr, Smith — was partaken of, and after the toatits of ' Mr. Smith' aiid 'The Geelong Footballers' had beou honoured tbe party proceeaed to Mount Lofty, and after an enjoyable ride in the bills returned to town at 4 o'clock. Tho visitors left for Glenelg by the quarter-past 5 o'clock truin and there boarded the s.s. South Australian, which then proceeded on her voyage to Melbourne, llefore tbe team left they gave the sum ot £30 to be distributed among the following benevolent institutions -.—Female Refuge, ladies.' llenuvo lent Society, City Minion, und Children'* Hos pital £5 each, and the Adelaide Hu-.pitu.l £10. AiwEiaiNAr. Skeleton. — Tho hkeleton of an adult aboriginal, in a tolerable; &tatt;' ol preser vation, haa been nnearthtd near Goodwood Park during the work of einivatiiig a scctiou of the Nairne Railway. Mo,t of the bones were found, end the tkull has been obtained entire. From the size of that organ, and the measurement of the jaws, it ia concluded tint the remnins arc tl:wtc of n. jiowerful ma:- ; while from the re ceding formation, of thu frontal bane, the skull, it has been determined, is that of an Australian native. Tb« ntction where the ^ke!-?ton vraa unearthed is sUted to have b(«n in former years a ftvouritu uinipiug-£rouud of the blacks. Btate of thk Crop?, at 'Willocitea.— A cor respondent, writicg from this township on July 2-, 88js :— ' I do not ei[)f*ct any harvest on tbtse plains this year, aiid if & change -lo*« uot come very soon it will be too late for the crops to get up any height at all before the nimtner heat comes on. It is my Impression that there w ill be next to no crop*, ex* ept along the Mount Brown Range. It is liitrly this year tint moi of the crops will not dm tail enough to cam iiitotar, but, I believe, southward they will b good.' Pebjcry. — At the Polic* Court on Fri- hy Antonio (Irazia was couiuiitte-d for trial on charge of conjmitting jxrjtiry on May 8. Th - offence arose out of a case heard in tbeLo3il Court, in whirh Grazia »wore th»t Giovanni Gatti had admitted to him that he bad receive I £1CG frora him, whereas Gatti had not sail anything of tbe kind. The Goodwood Park Tragedy. — A double inquest was held on Friday afternoon at the Goodwood Park Hotel, on the bodies of Emma Wildy and Charles Hinchley Harvey, by the City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward). The immediate circumstances which surrounded the perpetra tion of this terrible crime were set forth so dis tinctly and clearly that the Jury were never for a moment left in doubt as to the verdict they would have to record, but the causes operating on the murderer's mind were to a certain extent shrouded in obscurity. There appear to have been no prior indications of moodiness or brooding fury on his part, but the horrible reality of his vengeance upon his former sweet heart came upon their friends with the most startling suddenness. Sufficient insight into the motives which guided him in his frenzy has, however, been obtained to point to the presence in his mind of ill-will been of un requited love, and fostered by a seemingly mis taken idea that Emma Wildy, in collusion with a man named John Tabor, were circulating statements damaging to his reputation. Briefly narrated, the history of the last few months of the lives of the deceased parties is as follows : — Mrs. Ann Weller is a widow residing at Goodwood Park. Emma Wildy had been living with her for some years as companion; while Harvey also often made Mrs. Waller's house his home. Emma Wildy had been engaged to three dif ferent persons, her first and second lovers having each died during the term of the engagement. Her second lover was Samuel Cottrell Harvey, brother to the murderer, and after the death of the former the latter paid his addresses to Miss Wildy, who is described by all who knew her as being a good steady girl. Some six months ago the young couple were engaged, but about two months since the engagement was broken by mutual consent, the girl returning Harvey the betrothal ring. All seems to have gone on smoothly since and no instance of roughness or solicitation on Harvey's part was noticed, with the exception that the girl told Mrs. Weller on one occasion that Harvey had asked her to walk with him again, and had looked angrily upon her when she re fused. It may be mentioned that Mrs. Weller had placed their names jointly in her will, but she had nevertheless acquiesced in the annulment of the engagement, the girl having stated that she could never be happy with Charles, as he was bad-tempered. The next link in the chain of evidence which speaks of a motive for the murder is that an anonymous letter was a week or two back picked up in the passage of Mrs. Weller's house. The handwriting of this letter, which, has unfortunately been burnt, was disguised. Its contents conveyed a hint that Charles Harvey had been gay and unsteady at O'Halloron Hill at some former period. Mrs. Weller told Harvey to take no notice of the letter, but he replied that he would find out who was the writer. Next comes the murder, which waa committed unseen by mortal eyes save those of the murderer himself, there being no one in the house but a deaf old man in his second childhood,from whom it was found to be impossible to elicit anything material. A little more light is thrown upon the appalling tragedy by an incoherent letter found in the waistcoat pocket of Harvey, and which appears to have been written just after, the commission of the first dark deed. This letter refers to the destroyed note, and breathes a spirit of hatred against and .suspicion of John Tabor, who, it seems, was considered by Harvey to have poisoned the girl's mind against him. There was not a shred of evidence to prove that this suspicion was true, but it is impossible not to deprecate the spirit of levity and callousness with which John Tabor gave his evidence, surrounded as the case was with the horrors attendant upon such a double crime. He had to be more than once reproved by the Coroner for the light badinage he indulged in while responding to questions. The verdicts were, as expected, the wilful murder of Emma Wiidy and suicide against Charles Hinchley Harvey. The weapon with which the crime was committed was un doubtedly a heavy poker, curved almost int the form of a crescent, and the girl was probably attacked from the front while seated at a table reading. The tragic occurrence has made a deep impression on the residents of the generally quiet suburb of Goodwood. Death at the Dry Creek Labour Prison.— The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inqoeot on Friday morning, July 25, at the 'Yatala Labour Prison, on the body of Walter Stuart, a prisoner, who died in the prison infirmary 'on July 24. Edward Bate Scott, Superintendent of the Labour Prison, deposed that the deceased was a prisoner who was under going a sentence of three years for forgery, he having been convicted on June 11, 1878. A fellow-prisoner gave evidence that on the 9rh inst. Stuart, while at work in the gasometer, had a slight accident, and almost fell off a ladder, but pulled himself ap without appear ing to strike against anything. He was afterwards taken to the prison infirmary. Edward Willis Way, Medical Officer at the Labour Prison, stated that deceased complained of pain in the chest, and had been treated in the prison infirmary. The post-mortem exami nation showed that the deceased's breastbone waa frictured, and the fourth rib on each side sepa rated from the breastbone. The sac of the heart was very much distended with fluid, and the inside of the sac coated with a thick layer of inflammatory lymph. The cause of death would be inflammation of the pericardium, brought on by direct injury. He was of opinion that the deceased must have struck his chest against the ladder in swinging round, as it would be impossible for the chestbone to be fractured simply by mnsuclar effort. A verdict in accordance with the medical evidence was rttarned. EillGRATIOX FEOM E5GLAJTO TO SOUTH Arsra&iiA.; — From English papers which have recently come to hand we notice that Mr. Henry Taylor, Inspector of Emigrants for South Australia, was at Newcastle in the month of May. On the 7th of May he delivered before a large audience a lecture on ' Adelaide, South Australia,' in which he gave a large number of facts and statistics respecting the growth and progress of the colony. Upon receipt of instruc tions from the Agent-General that emigration to the province had beea suspended, he circu lated a handbill, of which the following is a ropy :— u 3, Market-street, Newcastle. — Mr. Henry Taylor will be staying at the above address until May 17, where be may be corre sponded with or consulted with reference to the colony of South Australia. Xo free or assisted passages now given.' A writer in the Morptth Htrald of May 17, who aignj himself 'J. Dodo's,' pens the following letter to the Editor: — ' Please allow me to state once more that free emigration to South Australia is now stoppe 1 to all except * nominated' cases, and any one wishing to be nominated most write out tt their friends in Australia and not to me, as al! forms for a free passage must now come from Adelaide, South Australia. I wish to make this known, as I am constantly receiving letters from per^om caking about free emigration. For tha information of those who have friends in the colony, I may say that all they have to do is t ? write cut to their friends and ask them to nomi nate them for a free passage. For those who Live no friends out there I fear there is no chance for them except they pay their own full pa-sage out, fox at the present time there is over 5.020 pei sons nominated for free passages, which is-along with the number who pay their f:ire out — quite sufficient for the present needs i f the colony. The people out there must be i'oing well when they can send for their friend* in such large numbers. I may also say that I kave arranged to go away myself on the 25th of June in the steamship Cyphrenes. I pay my passage out under the land-order warrant tystem.' . Yocjto Mbs's Chbistias Association.— The rsual fortnightly meeting of the Board of Management of the Young Men's Christian Association was held on Thursday afternoon, Jnly 24, in the temporary rooms, Salisbury Chambers. Mr. R. Seatle (toe President), wa» in the chair. There were also present the Bevs. O. Copland, W. J2. Fletcher, S. Mead, the Hon. J. Colton, Messrs. J. F. Conigrave, A. B. Moncrieff, Thomas Philipsan. A. Pomeroy, A. Walker, and the Secretary. It was reported that the necessary preliminary steps bad been taken to incorporate the Association. It was resolved that the opening of the new premises should be commemorated by a series of suit able meetings, and a special committee was appointed to make the necessary arrangements. Suggestions as to the most economical and satisfactory way of supplying refreshments to gentlemen using the rooms were considered, and three gentlemen were asked to confer on the subject and report to a special meeting of the Board,. The President read a draft of a letter be had been asked to prepare, intended to be addressed to gentlemen living in country districts who were likely to be interested in the work of the Association. The Secretary was in structed to write to a gentleman wbo u known to takes great interest in gymnastics, and ask his counsel and help in the arrrangementa and fitting? for the gymnasium. The names of ten gentlemen were proposed and accepted as members. The thanks of the Board were passed to Mr. Chevalier Hinkin for a handsome gift to tho library. Xewmihket Each Weights.— In oar issue of Fniiny the following bones' names were left en: of the Eand'cap Flutter :— Orator, £ ym., t, at. S -b.; Gltcclg,. 3 yrs, 6 st. 4 Ib.; Mischief 3 jr?.. 6 st. 4 Ib.; Gonn, aged, 6 si 2 Ib.; MalUb, 3 jrs,6 st ; and Totalizator, 1 yr., a leather. ? .. ? ? Du5ATK-Jt« TO THS ADELAIDE HOSPITIX. — At the mcfrtii g of the Board of Management of the Adelaide Hospital & doaatien to that instigation cf £3) to3 scbxawleilKed frjm Mr. Woo. Clark, of Atgaatcu. The gift of £10 from tbe Geelong Footballers was abo reported on 'tbe same o.-cuicn. -.????.? ? .: THBGovKHMKraxSrjujtHBs.— The Governor Musgiaye and Lady Diana left Port Adelaide for Kingscote on Friday evening, July 25. The Lady Diana takes a large buoy, which is to be laid down at the end of the cable, as it has been found that vessels anchor near the cable, and in doing so are likely to damage it. The larger steamer, after assisting in this work, will pro ceed to Port Pirie, where she will put down buoys to mark the channel. It is probable that on her way back she will call at several of the lighthouses. Death bt DuoveniiG. — On Tuesday, July 22, an inquest was held by Mr. Coombe, J_P., at Port Pirie, into the circumstances attending the death of a fisherman named John Oalder, who was found dead near hia boat on the morning of that day. From the evidence it appeared that the deceased, in company with two other men, went to three hotels on Monday evening, and had something to drink at each of them. He was seen at about 10 o'clock in Ellen-street, when he appeared to be intoxicated. What became of him after that is not known, but at 7 o'clock on the following morning his body wis found floating close to his boat, which was fastened to the wharf steps. There were no marks of violence on the body, and Dr. Stewart gave it as his opinion that death had been caused by drowning. The Jury returned a verdict that the deceased was drowned while under the influence of drink. Lighting of thb Jettt-eoad, Glemelg, with Gas. — A number of ratepayers of this munici pality met on Friday, July 25, to celebrate the first lighting of a portion of the street with gas. It will be remembered that when the bite diffi culty with the Adelaide and Glenelg Railway Company was settled by the Company agreeing to pay the sum of £50 for the convenience of running their locomotives along the Jetty-road duriDg the year ending November, 1879, several gentlemen waited on the Council ask iDg that it would be s«en fit to expend the moneys thus received in lighting the Jetty-road with gas. ' After the lamps had been lighted on Friday evening several leading burgesses, at the invitation of His Worship, adjourned to the Pier Hotel, where 'Success to Glenelg' was proposed by the Mayor, and drunk in champagne. Councillor Lee then pro posed 'The Health of the Contributors.' He mentioned that the £50 promised by the Adelaide and Glenelg Railway Company for running their locomotives along the Jetty-road had been paid at an earlier part of the year, and this had been s jpplemented by £40 collected by Mr. Champion. .Now that gas had been intro duced, he hoped that those who helped to bring iboat the change would continue their efforts netil they made Glenelg what it was in name— the premier watering-place of the colony. Qther improvements were being effected by numerous residents, they having lately decided to ornament the principal streets by planting trees which Dr. Schomburgk had said tvould thrive woll. Mr. W. R. Wigley replied, and congratulated the meeting upon the success which had attended their pre liminary effort, and expressed his willingness to subscribe towards the funds, if he had not ilready done so. Mr. Champion hoped Mr. Wigley would, and that others would follow his ixample— (Hear, hear)— as there yet remained i wmnll unpaid balance. He would propose the health of the host, who had in this cause done much to help them. He had headed the sub icription-list with £5, and it was mainly due to aia influence that they had the Jetty-road lighted with gas, which contrasted in a parti rularly marked degree to the wretched system )f lighting at present adopted at the other end -f the railway line. The Mayor, in replying, loped that it would not be long bef ere the system jf lighting was extended throughout the Bay, and le would not be backward in helping them to aricg it about. Mr. Wigley then proposed ' The Councillors,' to which Councillor Lee responded. Mr. Lee observed that it was in contemplation to obtain the services of a brass band to play at itated periods, and in other ways make the Bay more attractive to visitors. He might mention with regard to the lamps that they were similar to those in use in Adelaide, and had been fixed it present only in Jetty-road. There were in ill eight of them, four being placed on each side of the road, and being well lighted form a marked contrast to those at present in use in the city. Daxiel O'Conweix.— An entertainment in honour of tbe birthday of Ireland's great igitator will be given in the Town Hall on Wednesday next. Teachebs of Public Schools. — The following sindidates passed at the June examination for xacbera' certificates :— Class n. A. (In order of nerit) Frederick Snell, Training College Richard Llewellyn, do.; Arthur Gunning, do. Mary Christie, Lefevre's Peninsula. Class II. B. Thomas Cowling, Training College. The ibove-mentioned candidates have to pass a further examination in the principles of teaching before receiving their certificates. Class III. A. Thomas Kodgers, Training College. Class IIL B. Samuel B. Roberts, Training College. Passed in Roman History — William L. Neale, Kapunda. A Diamoxb Peospbctino Coupant. — We are ;b formed that Mr. W. S. Whitington, the well known mining agent, is endeavouring to form a Diamond Prospecting Company. Football.— The football matches to be played to-day are Adelaide v. Port, on the Port ground ; Soath Park v. South Adelaide, on the South Parkground ; and Norwood v. Kensington, on the Kensington Oval. White's Booms.— Mr. D'Arcy Bead's ghost entertainment will open to-night at White's Rooms. The show has been very well received in the other colonies. Adelaide Hcj»t Clcb. — The members of the Hunt Club will meet this afternoon by invita tion at Rostrever, Magill, the residence of Mr. Ross Reid. Railwat Watee-works. — The Jamestown Review writes : — ' The steam-pump recently erected on the banks of the railway reservoir is dow in full working order, and the station tank was filled for the first time on Thursday last. The pump itself, which is described as 'Came ron's Special,' is a marvel of compactness and efficiency. There are uo crank-shafts, eccentrics, connecting-rods, or fly-wheels; the steam is admitted from the boiler to a semi-cylindrical bos attached to the cylinder, and occupying the portion of the ordinary steam-jacket or slide chest ; from this enclosure the steam is admit ted to the cylinder by an ingenious arrangement of stop-valves which, although very easy and simple in their action, do not admit of easy description. The pump is double action, and is guaranteed to throw 3,000 gallons per hour, but could work much higher. The boiler is a port able one of Ransome and May's construction, fitted and adapted to its new and stationary position. The appliances at the yard being all ready, there will be no longer any need of hauling engine water from down the line, and tbe saving of wear and tear will be considerable. We must not omit to mention that a standcock is fitted to the main at a point between the passenger station and the goods' shed, and that cose is provided which can be ran into either building in case of fire. It is supposed by stopping tbe outlet of the main into the tank and pemping direct, a powerful jet of water could be thrown clear over or into any part of either the passenger station or the goods shed, and the valne of such a precaution need not bs pointed out.' DiGonro Bhe. — We quote the following from the Jcmestoim J?eri-ir: — 'On Saturday last the 19th inst, some amusement was created in, connection with digging out the foundation for the Caltowie Institute, as at the suggestion of the Committee eleven quilldrivers agreed to dig against eleven mechanics— the scribes being captained by Mr. J. Dun stone, and the mechanics by Mr. T. Dunstone, Messrs. Chown and Bishop being chosen as umpires. On re suming operations after 'smoke-ob,* it was seen that it would be a close contest, which it afterwards proved, for after about three-quarters of an hour's work both parties finished together, the result of the umpires' decision being slightly in favour of the mechanics. The com pany then adjourned to Neustadt's Hotel, to partake of an excellent dinner provided by Mr. 5f enstadt. Mr. S. Siekmann presided, and Mr. T. Williams filled the vice-chair.*1 Rejtedy ros Whoofmg-cocgh.— The newest remedy for whooping-cough (says Mat/fair) is worth mentioning. The prescription is XX. gtt. ol. terebinth placed on a handkerchief which is held before the face of the patient. The patient mc-t then take about forty deep in spirations. This repeated thrice daily affords Ritual and marked relief, followed by rapid cure. The discoverer of this remedy is a Dr. Garth, who states that ' ic an infant fifteen months old. in the convulsive stage of whooping cough, he directed the mother to hold a cloth moistened is above before it wnen awake, and to drop the oil upon its pillow when asleep. The result was markedly beneficial. la twenty-four hoars the frequency and severity of the attacks were notably diminished, and by proper support, by aid of stimulants, the im provement was rapid.' Keadt Wit. — ' That is cot a baJ story,' says ifevreir, 'that is ioid of the late Mr. Butt, whose ready wit often stood him in good stead. Goicg home late ore night he was accosted by a desperate-lcckicg ruffi-in in one of the suburbs of DnbliE, acd ajked west he was going to itacd. ? Well,' re;-lied Mr. Bntt meekly, 'Tm rtry w.rry that I cant give yon much, nsy frit'rd. but what I have we will share. Here,' be contirued, drawing a revolver from hi* pocket, ' is a weapon which has six chambers. I will pi«e you tbre*, and ? ' bat here tbe lawyer Feted biaself alone.*' 