AMUSEMENTS. At the Hientro Royal last night "Struck Oil" and the ' Chinese Question " added another even ing to. tlie successful run they have maintained for over n fortnight, and- Mr; Williamson and Miss Maggie Moore m their woU-known- nupcrsonniions obtained enthusiastic applause. . Messrs. Tfawloy and Bmslay appeared 111 their trapeze feats for the second tunc at the Victoria Theatre .yesterday evening, aud the daring of their peifoimnncd . qlicitcd great approbation. The pieces performed by the dramatic company were the saino.:ns those on Saturday night, and were rendered with similnr-cft'eet. - ; Hie stonic artist and the mechanist of Iho Queen's Theatre (Mr. Ivineholla and Mr. Thomas) received a henolit last night, when- the 'Colleen Bawu ' mils produced, with Mr. Walton as Myles Na 0P" paleen. .Mr. Walton played the part as it was. porfoimed- in 1801 at the London Adelplu, omit ting. somo of the songs, and using a racy, uu- cxiiggoiatod brogue. Piofesaoi-. Pepper introduced a new feature into lus entertainment at the School of Arts yesterday evening, entitled, "A Wulk through London;', and a most interesting entertainment it was. giving scenes and spots in the world s grent capital wlnoh many m Sydney have never seen, and which many vvero delighted at visiting, if only 111 fancy. 'To night Piofcssor Pepper will again introduce ,1ns beautiful experiment of burning a diamond. This vvtll.be his Inst appearance at the School of Arts, ns- tlic niteiveuuig days between it and oalnrday will bo required for preparation for the ivondcifiiL.ghost. drama to bo produced under l rofcssor . Pepper's direction at the - -'-- Victoria Theatre.-'.--''1--' . Iho Caiandini concerts at tho - Protestant Hall, nro, without doubt, amongst the most# intellectual musical, tieats over presented in this city, mid EliouUVreceivc tlio patronngo of all who euro for roally.tjjgh ciass, music, ronderod as true artists nlonc can render if - .4 circus is a clnss of show nlvvavs appreciated m bydnpy, -.and .Mr, Burton, with -las troupe, is so old a cateioi for the public, aud always gives -his visi- tors so.gopq an entertainment that it is up wonder lus ciiciis in tho Ilaymarket finds pleuty of patron- "S0, Hc has got together au excellent compuny, eacu niembci of vvhioh is a "star " in his nartioulai' line, and deseives tho success he has obtained. Mi., Han y Power, the well-known comedian, eaves the .Victoria Thontro at the ond of this week, anil bos accepted- an engagement troni Mr. Lazar to .proceed with his company to Brisbane, .-o-morrow, evening tbo Now Zcnlnnd vvarriore . , YM' .9Ppn.'rtt'leir .entertainment, qt tlie bcliobl of ' ,5- ' r101t letional songs, pastimes, and war — HW.bp given., Ihero will also bo -boanti- ' AiFilm?EhtiIIu8tratlon8 of Now Zoalnndsceuerv. . -f" iS'/b'tnost , enjoyable cntcrtaininout lnaY -j vie looked for, , - , f % ' !tr „ - - . , , f 