— . ^ SPIRITUALISM. TO THE EDITOR. Sir — Ic is indeed a pleasure to investigate any new phenomenon hitherto inexplicable, especially when connected with the subject of this letter, . and as mesmerism, galvanism, spectroscope, electro-biology, and eleetriety are familiar tilings with your correspondent ?Theorist,' who says that h'ther to these have been the mediums he has used, obtaining there with most wonderful manifestations, and as these qualities exist now as perfectly as in those primorial days of pure investigation, be ^per haps will not feel aggrieved if I be? to differ with him, for he surely can prove himself right, and thereby myself wrong by producing what he avers to hare f ul! ability for doing. Pos sibly also lie is fully acquainted with the odylism, phpyebic for Je, magnetic catalepsy, animal magnetism, n.agnetic flames, and crys» tallographic emanation doctrines of Baron von lieichenbach, and as I happen to be e'c-;p- tical with respect to the declarations of his the Baron's sensitives, there 13 now a grand oppor tunity for * Theorist ' to'; bring to bear hig Q.E.D. against my Teryliutnble but scientific and practical experiments. Methinks the Lecture Hall would be a very suitable place for such a discourse, and I should be very happy to repair with him to iti platform and receive the gift of kuowled-^e. I am thankful that he acknowledges my tests as tending to show my comprehension of some of the tricssv meaiums ana artinces, dug - - should bebetter pleased, if he would produce eome of his astonishing phenomena, and Bee if I didn't understand them too, for it would be a . thing perfectly novel to be shown howthat any of these things he mentions could be applied to a table, unseen five minutes before, without detection by anyone having a pair of eyes. Although I am possessed of first-class certifi cates in the science of light, I aoi utterly at a loss to conceive how a spectroscope can pro duce a ghost or spirit form. I cannot reconcile the two statements of his respecting spiritualism. He consider.-* there is something deeper, grander, niora exalted and incomprehensible in the object of Mrs; Harding Britten's assertions,' and yet he says that the great fault of all the spirit m infesta tions consists in their 'earth earthy* character, being only things which he admits mortals can accomplish,' .It' sc, why are they incompre hensible? As to the spirit language I have read some of it, and if it is different in wisdom it is more absurd, if not it is too wise — forsooth I've learnt enough. However, I thi'ik to 6ave words and more open column wort it wouia oe tar oetcer i^. xny . one disputing with me to accept my chumnge. and see which, will survive, the ' Theorist ' or TourB, &c.;, .'' ? PaACTicAL Scientist. Why is the river Para like a long jermpnl Beause it's ^ery dry in*some parts. . ~\' Printed by the Proprietor, W. Barnet, at fa^ Printing Office, Murray Street, Gawler. 