ROYAL PRINCESS THEATRE. HAMLET." The Pickwick Club are certainly to bo con gratulated, not less on accouut of their talented representation of Shakospere's grandest tragedy than on tlioir ropoateel succcsses in tho cause of charity. The club has already done good service in the latter direction, and if its members can but succeed in main taining the same harmonious spirit and e.iprit dc corps amongst themselves as liave characterised its existence up to the pressnt period, will undoubtedly become a most valuable local institution. The Royal Princess Theatre last night, when tho members of tho club for the fourth time repeated their perform ance of " Hamlet" for the benefit of the Cornish Relief Fund, was crowded in every part. In the dress circle nearly every seat had beon en gaged prior to the opening of tho thoatro, and for the accommodation of those who had neglected to seuuro seats beforehand, chairs had to bo prsvided. The stalls, likewise, were incon veniently crowded, and so also was the pit, a considerable portion of tho audience in the latter part of tho house having to remain con tent with standing room, whilst the gallery was very well patronised. As regards the house, the members of the club and the committee of tho relief fund in aid of which the performanca was given, have great cause for congratu lation, for, although as yet it would be impossible to givo an estimate of the profits with any degree of accuracy, it may safely be said that the fund will b» substantially benefited by tho entertainment. Concerning tho manner in which the piece was played, it is not necos sary, in view of the ample criticisms which have beon made on tho provious appearance of the members of the club in the same roles, to enter largely into details. The performance, after the manner of the former representations by tho club of this tragedy, was decidedly meri torious and successful. The cast was, with the exception of the substitution of Mr. J. Hemming for Mr. J. Jeremy, as Horatio—a change which was rendered necessary through the departure of the latter gentleman from the district—almost identically the same, 10 far as the male charac ters were concerncd, as on tho previous occasions, the other alterations consisting merely of one or two changes in the distribution of tho minor parts. The leadiug roU was again assumed by Mr. W. J. Dillon, and by the very cxcollent and vigorous impersonation which this gentleman gave of the uuhappy prince ho added to tho laurels ho had gained by his previous appoar ances. Throughout the whole performance Mr. Dillon's acting was marked by careful study and a most intelligent conception of the part, and the audience frequently testified their appreciation of his efforts by outbursts af enthu siastic applause. In the closet scone bis acting was especially good, and at tho end of the act, as also at the termination of the play, he was called before the curtain, Mr. H. Jackson, junr., who played the part of Laertes, sharing the honor on the latter occasion. Mr. F. Macoboy again sustained the part of the King, and his perform ance was very creditable. As Horatio, Mr. J. Hemming acquitted himself in a very satis factory manner, particularly when it is remem bered that he stood at some disadvantage from tho fact that it was the first_ time ho appearod in that character. Mr. J. D. Coburn repre sented with appropriate majesty tho bearing of the murdered king in the character of the Ghost. Mr. J. W. Carss as Polonius, and Mr. H. Jackson, jun., as Laertes, acted with the same efficiency as on the former occasions. The first and second grave diggers were most effectively represented by Messrs. J. H. Tone and H. Marks respectively, and the first and second players by Mr. W. M. Byfield and Mr. W. Williams. The lady characters wore excellently sustained. As the Queen, Miss Adelaide Bowring appeared for the first time with the club, ana this talented lady is so well known as a professional actress that it is need less to say that the part received full justice at her hands. Miss O'Sullivan again filled tho pait of Ophelia, and as the provious successes of this young lady in the same charac ter are familiar to the public, it will be quite understood that this important role was well performed. As a matter of faot, Miss O'Sullivan last night, we think, surpassed all her former efforts, excellent as these undoubtedly were, and the audience manifested the utmost pleasure at her perform ance. Tho player Queen was represented by Mrs. Mansfield in a very creditable manner. The remaining characters were distributed as follows, and it may briefly be said that the rendering of each was very satisfactory:— Roseccrantz, Mr. A. Bailee; Guildecstern, Mr. F. Nalder; Osrick, Mr. J. M'Mahon; Priest, Mr. T. P. Devine; Marcel lus, Mr. W. Shaw; Bernardo, Mr. E. Single ton ; Francisco, Mr. W. Young; sailor, Master Hemming. Before concluding, a word of praise must bs given to Mona ghan's Band, which filled the orches tra, and performed some really enjoyable musio during tho intervals. In the course of the evening Mr. J. H. Teague, tho treasurer of the Cornish Belief Fund Committee, appeared before the curtain and tendered the thanks ©f the committee to the Pickwick Club for their kindness in performing that evening, and to the audience for their attendance. Billiards.—A billiard match was played on Wednesday night at Mace's Hotel, Melbourne, between Mr. J. Byrne, of Victoria (formerly of Sandhurst), and Mr. Stretch, of New South Wales, for a Bilver cup. The-game was 1,000 up, and was won by tho Victorian representative by three points only.—Argus. According to a statement made by tho Attorney-General on Thursday, the pursuit of the Kellys has cost the country aa extra police expenditure of £20,000, Stra.tKfieldsa.yf. Siime Election. — Mr. Frederick Schilling, of Diamond Hill, announces id our advertising columns that ho intends 6'ffcrijag himself for ro-elcctioii iu August next, for .thV Maiidurang Riding, of the Shiro of Strathfieldsayc. v Tiik Weather.—Yesterday tho weather was oxoeodingly lino, with a clear sky during the greater part of tho day, and a south wind blow ing, Towards ovuuing the sky became ororcaat with clouds, but no raiu fell. Tho thermometer roglotored at Mossrs. Joseph ami Co.'s., Pall Mall, fig follows!—9 a.m., 49°; noon, 6S°; 3 p.in., 01": 0 p.m., 61°) maximum, 73°; minimum, 40*. The barometer at 9 a.m. rt'i'is tofed itQ'-i-iOj 6 jj. in. t. ii9 '-ISO. Our Maioug correspondent Says i—-VTehnU a splendid shower on Thursday ovoning. 1'ho aky had been rcry threatening during tho greater part of tho day, and about four o'clock tho rain commenced to pour down in earnest. It only lasted, however, (or about half an hour, but in that briof period enough of water fell to set all tho ruts and drains iu the neighborhood running rapid and roluitiinOun contributions to the croek; and as tho ntmoSplierB 10 warmer than it has been of lato the crops and grass fxiuufc have been con siderably benefited thereby. Tho Jiallarat Star says:—All the friends, and wo are sura thoy are many, of Mr. Dan. Sweeney, the voteran Ballarat cricketer, now of Melbourne, will bo glad to learn that ho has como into a hamlaomo legacy, amounting it is said to oror £20,000. A schoolmaotor thus describes a money lender—"Ho Berves j'ou in tho present toiiso, he lends in tho conditional mood, keeps you in thb stibjunotirei nud ruina you in the future." 