A TKUE GHOST STORY. We were sitting together, gome dozen or so of us, on a cold winter's night. The wind was whistling through the ^ keyholes, loose shingles were flapping in the breeze, and it was altogether a favorable night for making an impression on the minds of those'who were altogether incredulous as to tlie visits of spirits: to this sublunary state. One aud another had been telling tales of bygone days. We are growing old now, but still the memories of childhood and youth arc very much cherished by us all. Ah, those jokes, and the real fun we used to have in college life, we shall never forget. Well, we had to study hard, and no mistake, and a little innocent recreation, which I am afraid sometimes overleaped the bounds of prudeuce, we seemed to think quite allowable, and not only so, but even necessary to the sustenance of our. animal spirits, But it won't do for me to relate the stories with which we were regaled on this occasion, although we were assured, that all of them were thoroughly reliable ; aiid having seen, and indeed I must confess perpetrated jokes of a isimilar nature myself, 1 can quite believe in the integrity of their statements. But as some of the fellows were eager for a story from me, aud being of a sociable description (although I say it myself, as shouldn't) and anxious to please them, I first asked if any of them believed in ghosts. Well, some did, and others didn't. Thomson did. for he had seen one, and Allerton had 4»eaW his father tell of one which had been seen by his grandfather. So I said—Before I, tell you my story it is only fair to state that neither naturally or by early training am I at all superstitious. In fact if anyone had told me that he had seen a ghost I should have accounted for it from the fact that he was suffering from a disordered liver, congested brain, or some derangement in some other pari of his physical system. But I was to be convinced in a way unexpected. There were a large number of boarders at the school at the time, but there were three of us (senior scholars) who occupied the same bedroom. The other two (J. and M.) were about my own age, and we got on very well together. We had retired to rest at our usual time, and I had slept as soundly as an easy conscience^and an untasted supper would permit, but about the witching hour of night, as near as I could tell, I awoke, and on opening my eyes I saw a person standing at the foot of my bed, and looking in a mirror which stood there on the dressing table. I at once thoughtit was my friend J , who was very fond of admiring himself in the glass. So I asked, " J , what arc you doing there." But there was no response. Thinking, perhaps, he was unwell, I asked hiui, " Arn't you well, J ?" and still there was no reply. I then got out of bed, and the figure stood motionless before me. I went over to J's bed, and to my astonishment he was there soundly sleeping. I then went to M's bed, and he also was asleep, and still there stood the apparition. At once, the idea struck me, " Perhaps this is a ghost." I had heard of the spirits of the departed appearing to their friends immediately after the time of their death, and having a cousin who was at that time supposed to be at the point of death, I thought, " Perhaps this is his spirit." It took but an instant for these thoughts to flash through my mind. I then approached it cautiously, but not feeling in the least terrified, and as I went near the spot where it had been standing; I felt a cold shudder pass through me. It gradually and slowly receded as I approached it, and when we came to the wall of the room it flashed, and tlien disappeared altogether. I at once struck a light to make sure that I had not been made the victim of a joke by any material being, and having fully satisfied myself that it was no earthly being, the ' conviction forced itself upon me that I had been favored with a visitant from the s|>irit world. In the morning I said to J , " I saw your ghost last night." What," said he, looking quite concerned. I repeated my statement, and in addition gave him all the particulars of the case. His lips twitched, and a look of absolute terror fixed upon his countenance, and he replied, " Do you know, A-——, that I have been expecting to see a spirit of some kind for days past. The other night after the gas was out I went into the large junior dormitory under the impression that I should see a ghost, and for days past the feeling has haunted me that I should see something of the kind."- Here was a mystery. He had been expecting ; to see this unearthly visitant, but had not in the least possible way com- municated his thoughts or expectations to inc. He bad gone'.on purpose -to look for it a few nights before. I had neither heard or even thought anything about luch things. I (may mention that my cousin did not die, but recovered, and the only conclusion to which we came was that I had seen a real ghost, and it produced a very serious impression upon J which never left him for several'weeks. A. 