SPIRITUALISM. At St. Andrew's Church last night the Rev J Storie delivered the fourth of his Sunday evening series of lectures upon the subject of Spiritualism. He took for his text Luke iv., 14th and 16th verses "And Jesus returned in the power of the spirit into Galilee, and there went out a fame of him round about. And he taught in their synagogues being glorified of all." Also Acts xi, 17th verse "And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out so my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions and your old men shall dream dreams," The rev. gentleman commenced by referring to the spirit of curiosity rife in this age a yearning to penetrate while in mortal flesh into the realms of the unknown and learn the secrets of the world beyond the grave. Spiritualistic mediums professed to satisfy these requiring by communications with the dead, but they were under the dominion solely of lost spirits. There was an inseparable gulf dividing the departed souls of this world in the other world, and whether, in the regions of the best of the lost these souls could have no communication with those on earth. No father, no mother, no wife, no husband, could from beyond the grave break the silence of death with those they had left behind, and all revelations purporting to come from them were the work of demons who were striving against the power of the Holy Ghost, to obtain a victory for the powers of darkness over the world. From evil spirits all such revelations must come, for the dignity and sanctity of man as the heir of God's great realm too much exalted him above the angels of God for him to be the recipient of a message from them. God alone made manifestations to his people, The soul of the Christian was the shrine of God on earth, and every true believer might become a medium of God. The Apostles, at Pentecost, were mediums of God, and their great access of power was due to this cause. In like manner the Spirit of God revealed the Spirit to the true believer, and manifested its power not by the creation of new faculties, but through the medium of those already conferred, as was written in Holy Scripture. The Spirit of God was the only Spirit commissioned to. reveal that Spirit to the human family, but many thousands were turning to the new faith of spiritualism in defiance of the plain law of God. A spiritual, late message, or what he called such, had, no raid, reached him that week through the post. The message, which the rev. gentleman exhibited, was written on a large sheet of coarse light paper in scrawling, very sloping, handwriting, and was as follows: " Dear friend, I am sorry to see that Satan has succeeded so well in deciding that poor misguided man. Oh pray dear one for him that his eyes may be opened. On he is committing the most grievous sin denying the power of the pure and good spirits. Oh I may our great God pardon him before he leaves this mortal world, or he will be condemned to those gloomy abodes of misery and there will be have to stay till he pays the uttermost farthing where all false reasoners have to go and a just punishment I A man that has learned so much, and yet his understanding is so darkened ! It is not always the most learned that are the wisest. Oh, no | far from it ; it is only vainglory with him- Think of these beautiful words, ' Out of the mouths of babes shall come forth praise.' And did not our blessed Redeemer say my spirit and my comforter I will send to teach truth, and he did so." The rev. gentleman said these words pained him deeply. There was a tone of assumed tenderness which he doubted not had been touching the humane heart of one in whom some departed friend was very dear, and very gently would he touch the aching chord, but while the message professed to come from a " pure and good spirit," and as a comforter, it was impious and blasphemous. The rev. lecturer went on to quote from a tract issued by the society for propagation of truth, and to compare its references to passages in the Holy Scriptures written by St. Paul, He showed that it had been foretold that in the latter times a people would depart from the Faith of God and give themselves up to the teaching of demons. He concluded by an earnest exhortation against the dealing wickedness of communicating with impure spirits at the seance of the spiritualist, an act which shut out the offender from the love of God and prostituted the fair temple of his bring subject to the hallowing influences of the Holy Ghost to uncleanness and abomination. He announced that he would give a concluding lecture next Sunday evening upon the final coming of our Lord to terminate the controversy of the world with the powers of hell. 