Scientific Notes. To proparo a form of collodion freo from all risk of danger during transport, M. E. Scher in g of Berlin, dissolves collodion without acid m ^oy¿ then distils off the other again. The remaining gelatinous mass is cut up into small bits, which burn quietly away without explosion when Jghtod^and which can bo prepared for immediate use when re quired by simply dissolving thomin(othor- . . . An " approximate cal culation," which appears in a French journal, re turns tho probablo num bor of newspapers in tin whole world as 23;291. Of those 2509 appoatin England, 2000 in Franco, 1220 in Italy, 1200 in AUB tria, 500 in Russia. &c;, tho total for Europe being 13,625. If to these wo add the 387 journals of Asia, tho 50 of Af rica, the 9129 of America, and the 100 of Australasia W31 arrive at the grand total above given. Messrs. Danckwerth and Kohler, of St. Peters burg, have patented a pvocess for distilling down old indiarubber goods in boilers over open tiros by meanB of super heated steam, and recti fying tho resulting india rubber, oil. Tho moro volatile portion of this can bo used afc once as a varnish, without the additioi ot* hemp, linseed, er any other oil, and tho heavior por tion, whon raised with sulphur, is profitably employ et in the manfuoture of numerous sorts of vulcanisée indiarubbor goods. According to Humboldt tho oldest town in tin world is Jakutsk, of 5000 inhabitants, in Easton Siboria. It is not only tho oldest but probably, also tho coldest. The ground remains always frozen tc tho depth of 300 feet, except in Midsummer, when il thaws three foot at the surface. The mean tempera' turo for tho year is"13"7deg Pah. For ten days it August tho thermometer goes as high as 85deg. From November to February the temperature re mains between 42dog and 68deg below zero. The river Lena remains frozen for nine months of the year. Among the discovered asteroids, now numbering nearly 200, a fow have already been lost, and not a fow might well be spared. There is one, however, remarks Mr. JR. A. Proctor of the NEWCASTLE DAILY CHRONICLE, which astronomers woiüd regrot to lose., viz., Hilda, which travels in a much wider orbit than ar y of the others. This planet could give more oxaot information respecting tho mass of Jupiter than any other member of the solar system, coming much moro fully at certain times under his influence. Unfortu nately, Hilda has been searchod for in vain at its first return to opposition, and astronomers bogin to fear that tho planet ÍB, for the time boing, lost. A Gorman enginopr, M. Sprinz, has boon engaged in conducting some interesting experiments, on a small scale, on tho extont to which various powders may bo solidified by tho aotion of powerful pressure. For thiB pumoso he made use of a priam of steel, pierced with a hole in tho direction of its axis ; this bolo was filled with the powdered substance rammed down tightly with a piston, and these were then sub jected to a pressure of about 20,000 atmospheres by means of a powerful vioe. Under this treatment saltpetre and nitre powders yield perfectly homoge neous transparent blooks, liko porcelain, harder, and moro resistant than if they had been obtained by fusion. Sawdust, under similar pressure, yielded a substanco considerably hardor than the wood it originally formed part of, but tho texture of tho now material was far from uniform. In the direction of tho pressure the blooks exhibited great resisting power, but at right anglos to that direotion they broke very readily. Lime-dust and the dust of a common grindstone gavo no result at all when treated dry, but lime- dust that had been slightly damped be came so compaofc and hard that it was almost impos sible to remove the blocks formed from the appa ratus. The diplograph is an apparatus invented by M. Rooordott for enabling tho blind to communicate in writing with eaoh othor and with tho " outer world " with greater paso than is possible under the system at present in use. Hitliertq thoy hayo been obliged, for this purposo, to havo recourse to characters given in relief, generally, formed of a cortain number of points, not exceeding six, distributed in three lines according to a certain order. Their sense of touch being extremely delicate and acute, tho blind rapidly acquire tho power of reading and writing by the aid of this system. But seeing peoplo find great difficulty in mastering p¡, and writton communication's between thom and tho blind, which Bhall be logible by both parties, are consequently rarely feasible. This diffi culty is said to bo now overcome by the introduction of tho diplograph, an instrument which simulta neously produces the writing in two different ways, and on two distinct leaves of paper-the one impres sion being intelligible to tho blind, and the othor to tho geeing. Tho apparatus consists of two discs bearing the respepti've sighs or characters pf tho two styles "of writing, ¿nd either party using the instru ment produces, together' with tho 'letters intelligible to himself alono, a verbatim transcript in different characters foi? the upo pf his correspondent. Tho largo quantities of lampblack employed in the manufacture of printors' ink and of black and grey pigments, aro invariably obtained in Europe by tho combustion of rosins, pitches, and tars. Burned in a imited supply of air, insuffioieut to transform them Iontirely into gaseous products, these substances throw out a denso carbonaceous smoko, which is col ected on coarse cloths, and thence removed for use. As thus prepared, lamp-black always retains a certain proportion of liquid hydro-carbons, which givo it a greasy feel to the touch, and a brownish, rather than deep black tint. Prof. Mallet draws attention to a new process of manufacture introduced by him in the United States, which furnishes a produce far snporior in quality to that obtained by tho usual method. He makes uso of the natural gas mines occurring in the Ohio district, and by burning off tho gas night and day, at 1800 jets connected with a suitable apparatus, produces lamp-black at tho rate of 32,000,0001b a year. On analysis this product proves to bo of a perfectly blaok tint, and to contain no oily mattel1, while on combustion it leaves only a slight trace of ash com posed of the oxides of iron and copper. It is, in fact, almost absolutely pure carbon in a ßtato of extremely fine division. Tho secret process by which Signor Lombardi, of Pall Mall East, reproduces oil paintings, is BO remark ably successful that it may possibly havo the effect' of lowering the market valuo of copies of tho old masters. The first part of tho process of poikilography, or tho art of picturing in various colours, is, wo believe, simply photographic ; whilst in the final result is at tained an exceedingly faithful representation of the original work, not only of tho various tones, tints, and shadows, but in tho moro dclicato outlines, varieties of texture and surface. Tho advantages of ropeating fino pictures in/acsimiZe aro manifest, for to many, perhaps unable to visit tho distant countries where those chef d'ouvres aro deposited, a gallery of close copies like those submitted to us would bo most interesting, whilst their general diffusion among the public should be tho means of spreading know ledge and appreciation of higher-class art. Upon the occasion of our visit to Signor Lombardi we were also favoured with a practical demonstration of his inven* tion the Luxograph, by which to take photographs by artificial light. Efforts to apply artificial light to photographic portraiture have, ns wo are aware, boon mado from timo to timo. In.lSél by Mr. Claudot, placing tho light in tho optical axis of a concave mirror j Pox Talbot tried electric light for tho samo purpose ; Luceney (in 1S72) took out a patent for ar tificial light, produced by a galvanic battery, or in some other way, using parabolic reflectors to secure parallel rays of light ;? Moule obtained' portraits by'a chomical compound, and although electric light was again attempted about a year ago, not with nineth success, for the portraits were hard and ghost-likö J and, lastly, Clarke and Aldor were patentees of some pyrotechnic compound, with which they produced fair average likenesses. These aro sonio of tho more prominent inventions, nttempted with the object of trying to overcome what may be called tho atmos pheric or daylight difficulties of photographic port raiture. Signor Lombardi, however, bringing to bear upon the subject a moro than ordinary intelligence and considerable knowledge of chemistry, appears tn have triumphed byer all difficulties,:andtdchioveä most remarkable results. Tlíe' machino employed is a circular one, and around it aro à number'of_ small mirrors, placed at different angles, from which jin electric light of immenso power and brilliancy is radiated to a given point. Magnificent as is thg character of this light, it gives tho " sitter," who »3 exposed tp it for some 15 or 20 seconds, np djscom fort, the result being a "negative,'' certainly equall ing anything of thp kind wo have'yet seen. Tho numerous specimens we examined were like beautiful drawings, the forms in the half tones and shadows being distinctly defined, general effects of light and shado admirably balanced, and outlines accurate. It would thus almost appear that " sun pictures" will not of necessity require for the future to be taken by tho aid ofthat luminary, 