The EDITOR. FRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1879. The second reading' of the Bill for the establishment of District Courts in the colony was moved in the Assembly on Thursday by the Attorney-General in an able speech, in which he set forth the prin ciples of the measure with great clearness. Undoubtedly the time has come for the ex tension of the advantages of trial by Judsre ' and Jury to the centres of population in various parts of the colony more or less distant from the metropolis, instead of com pelling the parties interested to travel scores or hundreds of miles, and then hang about the Supreme Court for days and weeks to obtain that justice which the citizens of Adelaide can secure at far less expense and with not a twentieth of the inconvenience and loss of valuable time. Any one with much information on the subject will bear out Mr. ftundeya statement that persons living in the country districts will sacrifice large amounts due to them and refrain from prosecuting felons by whom tbey have been robbed, rather than undergo the annoyance and loss they must suffer if they take action under the present system. In this way honest men are injured, and rogues and thieves triumph, necessarily to the injury of the community generally. It is not only litigious and criminal business that needs to be dealt with by Courts in the neighborhood of the litigants aud other persons concerned, however; the same want is felt with respect to in solvency, wills, intestacy, and other matters contentious and non-contentious. It is proposed that the District Courts -hall do all that is done in the Supreme Court in all its jurisdictions, and in the Adelaide Insolvency Court, with the single exception that cases involving the death penalty shall be tried in the Supreme Court. As far as the nature of the business will allow tbe procedure of the Local Courts will be adopted. That system, as Mr. Bundey justly remarked, has been long tried and found as near perfection as possible. Any defects that persons imagine they have discovered in it are attributable to the men employed to administer it. The best con ceivable system must prove unsatisfactory In its results if those who are appoints* tC carry it out lack the necessary qualifica tions. If to a judicial position a gentle man is appointed who brings to his work no recommendation beyond that of respectable character; who lacks the logical faculty, is destitute of quickness and clearness of perception, wanting in the ability to balance evidence, and unable to distinguish between what is relevant or important and irrelevant or unimportant, the consequence must be irritating and injurious to suitors and scandalous to the ad ministration of justice. The qualities neces sary in a presiding Magistrate are identical with those required iu a Judge, though it can | not be expected that they will be obtained iq the same degree for the salary of fl head I clerk in a merchant's office; and the | Government that appoints an incompetent Stipendiary Magistrate simply on account of personal interest commits as distinct a ctime against the community as if he ap pointed an incompetent Judge through such influences. In our young colony, with its scattered population, it has been necessary to appoint laymen as Stipendiary Magis trates, and very ably have some of them discharged the duties of that office, bat sometimes Governments have inflicted upon districts paid magistrates without it seems too evident, taking into con sideration the natural fitness of those gentlemen for 6uch employment. The Judges of the proposed District Courts, should it be necessary to appoint any, will of course be members of the Bar. It bas often been urged that the Stipen diary Magistrates presiding in our Local Courts should be lawyers. We should entirely agree with this view were it possible to obtain able men in the legal profession for the salary the rolony can afford to give all these magistrates; but this is impossible, and it is better to have a clever, sensible layman for a magistrate than an attorney of very poor capacity. The District Court Judgeships must however be filled by lawyers of talent, aa they will have to deal with ell such busi ness as is disposed of in the Supreme Court in all its branches, and will therefore require to be possessed of great legal knowledge and experience as ' well as ability. The intention of the Government at present is to appoint His Honor Mr. Henry Downer to one of these Judgeships, and hand over the business of the Adelaide Insolvency Court to the Supreme Court, and also require the three Judges between them to take some of the District Courts. The Attorney-General doubts whether their Honors can manage the duties thus proposed to be cast upon them; but his fears certainly seem to be groundless, when it is considered that for some months, not long ago, one Judge did the work of the three, and after wards two Judges performed that of the whole Bench, and of the Insolvency Court in addition. The salary proposed for a Dis trict Judge is £1,500 per annum. The District Courts- wiH bo established by proclamation, and will be in the- South-East, and' at different towns in the North and West. The Bill, as-we have said, assimi lates the procedure to that of the Local Courts as far as the nature of the business will allow. With regard to matters Local Courts do not meddle with other provisions are made, and these are based upon recommendations of the indicators Commission of the old country. In fact, it appears that in this Bill our Government are carrying out what for years we urged should be the policy with reference to the amend ment of the Supreme Court Procedure. If this system is so good for the District Courts having the same kind of jurisdiction as the Supreme Court, it is difficult to see why it should not be adopted for the higher tribunal. The Attorney-General consoles law reformers by telling them that they will see both systems at work together, and will before very long be able to decide which best meets the requirements of the public It is to be hoped that the most profitable use will ba made of the know ledge acquired by this double experiment. That this colony is destined to become a great wine-producing country, and that at no very distant date, is a matter about which there can hardly be two opinions. With immense tracts of land admirably suited to the growth of the vine; with a climate almost unequalled for encouraging the luxuriant growth of the plant, the abun dant development of the fruit, and the perfect ripening of the berry, it would be strange, indeed, if there should be found lacking the enterprise necessary for making the vine one of tbe chief sources from whence the wealth of the colony will one day be derived. Being impressed with the importance of the winemaking industry to the colony generally, and desiring to ■ advance it as much as lay in our power, we some time ago sent out circulars to the vinegrowers of the colony whose addresses were obtainable, seeking inf ormation on the following points:—Name of vineyard and date of planting; where situated; character of soQ and climate; area under cultivation, and names of varieties in fall bearing; area of young vines and cuttings recently planted; date of planting and names of varieties showing most progress; what disease, if any, had been most prevalent iu the vineyard, and how treated; what vines throve best in certain kinds of soil, and what the most favorable situation; yield iu past season, and probable or ascertained yield this season; what quantity of wine is manufactured, and whether on or off the premises; if on the premises, details of plant and success or otherwise of ope rations; whether the wine made from grapes grown in the vineyard is known in the European or Colonial market, and if so, by what names or brands, and whether sold at remunerative rates. It will be eeen by the foregoing that the information sought was of a comprehensive character, and that if all the questions had been answered by all the persons to whom the circulars were addressed, we should have been enabled to place before our readers an exhaustive account of the present condition of the winegrowing interest iu Sooth Australia. They have not aU been replied to, but the large growers and a creat majority of the smaller having for warded particulars, the returns, which will be found in another column, may be safely regarded as pretty accurately describing the condition and extent of tbe winegrowing in terest is the colony. The remarks made by some of the larger growers contain infojrmn tion which will be of great use to growers of less experience, and there is every reason to believe that their publication will give an additional impetus to vinegrowing. Take, for instance, the observations made by the Hon. J. Crosier. This gentleman states that a person having an 80-acre section under cultivation, of which twenty acres are devoted to vines, could make a very comfortable living without working hard, and without entering into the business of wine-making, which would of course in volve considerable expenditure in procuring the necessary plant; an expenditure, too. which would hardly be justified with so .mall an area devoted to the vine. Grapes can always be sold to the large makers, who will purchase* them at from £4. to £-5 p.: ton, and at this price they will pay well. Mr. Crozier gives an instance where a man pur chased a vineyard near OSJdands, on the Sturt, a short time ago, and at once set about destroying the vines. He iootei them all up except five acres, and last year the produce of this quantity was sold for £L2O, a return of £24 per acre. It is not surprising to learn that the man is now sorry that he rooted up so many of the vines as did. Certainly this may be an exceptional case, but there is no doubt tha the cultivation of the grape, if properly carried on, is an industry that will nearly always yield a good return. Pro vided the plants bear well there is always a market for the fruit. And the industry need not be confined to the growing of grapes for sale to the winemaker. Raisins and currants can be grown, and where a man has a family the children will render great assistance in the drying and packing processes. It is a great mistake, however, for a man to embark in vinegrowing unless he is pre pared to do so in a proper way. It is use- I less to stick the vines in the ground close j together and expect them to yield a good | return. Experience has shown what are I the proper distances to leave between the plants, and how they are to be treated. And the returns which we are nowenabled to lay before our readers will give some I valuable information. As to planting it seems to be now satisfactorily proved that the grape vines should | bave a space of eight feet between them, "and that they yield the better for being trellised. There are other advantages besides die superior yield to be gained by j thus giving plenty of room between the . vines. The ground between them can be ploughed, harrowed, and kept clear of weeds and rubbish, and when the harvest is being gathered in a cart can be taken between the rows, which considerably facilitates the process of picking and re moving the fruit. However, on these matters fuller information can be gathered from the returns. As to the best kind of grape to be planted, that will have to be decided by the nature of the soil in tended to be placed under cultiva tion, and other circumstances. It would appear, however, that the Verdeiltua. is the grape which is tiie most, easily afieeted by the oidium, and that the Grenaohe is the least susceptible, fiat' this disease is not such a formidable enemy of the vigneron as was at first euppoeedY It appears to have yielded to sulphur treat ment very readily. There is no reason, so - far as we can see, why the cultivation of the grape should not be very largely ex tended. There is and will always be s ready market for the produce, as our wines axe gradually but sorely becoming better known in the markets of the world. Many of our winemakers ship wine to tiie old country, and they are becoming known in. France and Germany, although but slightly. as yet. If by the publication o£ these returns some of our small landholders should be induced to put a portion of their laud under the vine, the labor connected with their collection and preparation will not have been thrown away. The industry is a growing one, aad it is destined to grow,, and our wines will assuredly force their way. and become popular. As experience is gained in the art of blending, wines will be produced which will hold their own against any whieh are produced elsewhere, always excepting of coarse, those which possess & distinctive character imparted by some property in the soil peculiar to the locality? in which it is produced. And there is -tu> possibility that a tract of country may yet Tbe found in this countiy which when planted, with the vine will give a character to the wine produced which will render it of peculiar value either from a -n«diran?,_ or a monetary point of view. We cannot do better in closing these few remarks than' recommend those who are interested in vine culture to reed carefully the returns which will be fonnd elsewhere. Even, those who have had considerable experience in vinegrowing may gather some useful hints, and to those who are contemplating em barking in that industry they wffl be especially valuable, as showing Sie lesult? of loner study and extensive experience in vinegrowing and winoniaJring, The news from Egypt contained in oar Ergiish telegrams this morning is impor tant, and probably indicates tbe speedy con clusion of trouble in that4_r- Ction. Either the Khedive has seen fit to withdraw quietly from the defiant position he has oc cupied of late, or the Saltan has, in pur suance of the demands and recommenda tions of the British and French Govern- ' mente, called his Viceroy to Coastantinopla. It is likely that the latter is the case, as w% are informed that Prince Tevcfik is ap pointed Regent to act in the absence of tae Khedive. Although the-appointment i8- - nominally only a temporary one it ia be lieved to be reaUy of a permanent character; and if this be so, the Sultan in -naM™- the appointment would be acting in acooxdance with the joint recommendation of the two Powers referred to. Whatever may be tha inducing cause of the action of the Khedive, it is hardly likely that having once left his seat of Government lie will return to resume his old position, now that the Great Powers have resolved that he shall be de throned. The Government have, determined to commence at once an effective survey of the River Murray in accordance with the suggestions of the President of the sfa-h-. Board. - Captain Howard, 8.N., has been chosen to carry oat tha work. The Treasurer gave notice in the Assembly on Thursday, that on Tuesday next he wUI move " Tbat in the opinion at tins House it is desirable that a new Afszembhj Chamber should be at once erected, ami addi tional seea'nmodat-on provided for the aembet* e_d officers of the House.** It is notified in Tttwtday'i. Gazette that Post-offices wai be opened st the taUowing - places on July I:—At Brompt.n-Park, near Hindmarsh; st Colton, Port Lincoln District J at Hindmaiah Island, near Goal—; snd at Reedy Creek, on the Kingston aad Narrawrte Bailway line; and that the Money Order Office at Sliding Bock will fce dosed on June SOL It is also announced that agencies of the Savings Bank sf South Australia will be opened at the Telegraph Offices at Maitlana. Yorke's Pen insula, and at Victor Harbor on July 1; and that the agency at Port BLCot will be closed on June 30. Upon the third reading of the Blyth and Gladstone Bailway KB being brought forward in the Assembly on Thursday afternoon, Mr. Fowler moved tost the measure be read a third time that dsy six months, and in a carefully prepared speech advanced hia reasons-far tbinkang that it would be unwise for the House to sanction this line at present. He urged three grounds for his opposition—firstly, tbat the line wss ant required; secondly, that if m line were needed that recommended by the RaHway Commission four years ago waa infinitely preferable to tost proposed by the Government; and thirdly, that the line pioposed, instead of benefiting toe dis trict through which it would pass, to anv great extent, would actually retard its progress. Messrs. Bare, Bounseveu_and Boss spoke in favor of Mr. _. C wlert smendment, and than as no one else appeared siLT* 01*" *? w^i h,_* som" missioner of Public Works e_l_r«__*ea tttfS|s on behalf of the measure, pointing ou. Bills to carry out the two ends of thia line had been passed in that Chamber last session, and arguing that the line would be a moat useful oue to the district through which it would pass, and would be valuable as af fording through communication between the northern and southern portions of the colony. Mr. Darling rose to speak, hat was ruled to be out of order, the Speaker stating that the Com missioner had replied. A division wa* then taken snd resulted in a majority of eight in favor of Mr. Fowler's amendment, so that tbe BUI was thrown out. After the division has been taken, Mr. Boss on a point of order called toe Speaker's attention to the ruling he had given, that the Commissioner of Public Works having replied there could be no further debate, and asked if there wss any reply on the third read ing of a Bill, as several hem. members had been anxious to apeak, not ao much perhaps to that House as to their constituents. The Speaker acknowledged that he had made a mis take, having confused the third stage of tho measure with the second reading. The action taken by the Government to relieve the pressure on the labor market by find ing employment for a number of men on the Nairne and Hallett Railways appears to have had the desired effect, as applieatioiis are much less numerous than tbey were a few days sinew, some 750 men being now engaged oa the works. The rate pud on the Nairne line ia ss. per day, and 650 men are employed, bat some of thcan at piecework on earth cuttings and embankments; others are stonebreaking in theyardsat North Adelaide at Ss. 6d. the cubic yard, are 200 men on piecework oa too Hallett line. An agitation is on foot to increase thia rate to the amount paid by the Corporation, Ss. fid. per yard, bnt it appears there are objections to the Government altering into oatspe tition with the Corporation; and aa tha municipal etonebreaksrs will shortly hava completed all the maintenance metal re quired for the roads, these men will be at liberty to work for the Government, sad tho rate of pay may then be increased if deemed requisite. The attractions that are offered by a Government job near town, even at a «om parately low rate of wages, are sufficient' to induce men to flock from the country districts, and leave farmers and others who require their labor, so that it cannot be said that the 700 men who have been' taken on by tha Government during the last three weeks were absolutely in want, or that all of them were without employment. A member of the firm of Barry. Brooks, A Fraser, the contractors the Port Augusta line, is sow in Adelaide, and he has signified his readi i ess to engage 100 or 2CO men to start for Bart Augusta at toe end of the present week, if be can be allowed to make a selection, and not take them at haphazard from a crowd of un skilled and possibly idle persons. The con tractors wish the Government to hind these men at Port Augusta, when they will find them am ployment at good remunerative wagea. As a test of wbo really require employment and those who only clamor for it in the hope that it will -not be forthcoming, the atonebreaking at -North Adelaide seems to be very effective' Two lots of thirty and fifty etch who were sent tj do this work threw down their hammers and cleared off because they were not getting more than 2s. 3d. per yard. . The evidence of conti-actors of large experience shows that laborers will leave aa ordinary contract at aay time for a Government job even at lower wages, ao that the department do not feel justified in offering high ratesto -enter into competition witb private enterprise, =sj_d.to drain the labor market, when their object is merely to prevent want or destitution -until toe men get better employment and are -dispersed about toe country. One large gang are at present at work at the crossing of toe Nairne line on the Port-road, and another gang about «ight miles away near Belair. The consequence of proceeding with toe work in this way will be that the first ten miles of the Nairne Railway wiU be finished some six man tht earlier than waa anticipated ,and the pressure on tiie officers of the cngineering department is-susbas to keep them going almost night aud day. Within a very short time tenders will be called for the James town and leugala Rail way, and this will further -tend fo absorb any superfluous labor that may le uTthe market. By a telegram from our correspondent «t Penola it will be seen that that township has ]Men favored with a visit from two men bearing • resemblance to the Kellye and Hart, the bush -r&Tjgera.; While in Penola they enquired for firearms, visited the Bank, and had their harass shod. : The police were informed of their pre sence, snd toe men left, going it is believed <coa_twards. A meeting of the Plate Glass Insurance -Company waa to have been held on Thurs day morning, but in consequence of there not -Wang a quorum it was adjourned till Wednes day next. A deputation consisting of the Mayor of Adelaide, accompanied by three Councillors sad the members for the City, will wait upon the Oommissioner of Public Works this morning with refereuoe to toe proposed appropriation of portions of the Park Lands by the Government. Thursday morning was fie time an nounced for the reception of tenders for the ■c-na-L'UBUon of toe Adelaide Sewage Works. Eight tenders were received, but the name of ■the Buraeasful contractor will not be known far * day or tare, until calculations have bean made to ascertain which tender is the lowest. The Rearing of the Equity appeal in Sobaon v. Dobson wm continued on Thursday, when the evidence was ooLcluded, aad Mr Barlow commenced his argument for the appel lant. The Court will tit this morning at 11 « clock, when the hearing will be resumed. More robberies have been committed at "Kjanyaka. The tent of Mr. Mills, s baker, wss entered, and a box which usually contained money waa taken from under a bed. Fortu nately for Mr. Kills he had beea warned by Tecent events, -.i-i *<*A removed his money from this box to a safer place. A Chinese store was also plundered, a huge quantity of bacon being oaniedoff. On Thursday evening, June 23, Mrs. Gawler read a paper on "Cottage Cookery" at the City Mission Hall to a large and apprecia tive audience. Mr. G. S. Fowler. M.P., pre sided. At intervals during the evening read inga and aongs ware rendered by the Bev. O. C. Elcum, Mrs. Boult, Miss Gawler, and other friends. Mr. Bralt presided at the pianoforte. A public meeting of citizens is to be held st the Town Hall this evening to give them an opportunity of deciding whether they are will ing to grant the concession of a huge portion of Park Lands as asked for in a Bill, to enable toe •Finmrnisaioner of Public Works to take a portion cf the Park Lands, now before Parliament. Tbe chair will be taken by toe Mayor. On Thursday evening, June 26, Mr. C. . F. H iwhnna exhibited his beautiful diorama ffluatrative of events in the life of Christ at St. Fantfs Schoolroom. Flinders-street. There wss a largeattendanoe. snd the exhibition waa much «njoyed. Atthedoeeof the entertainment the , Very Bev. Dean Russell expressed his entire , satisfaction with toe exhibition, which he said . was of an elevating and interesting character. Mr. fTwshaad, it is understood, purposes visiting all the schools, if sufficient inducement is pre sented, for the purpose of exhibiting these at- > tractive diera_a_e scenes. The June nnmberof Words of Grace ia to hand. From aa editorial notice we gather j that the present issue represents the third en largeaoent of the periodical since its commenee snent, nearly three years ago. The editor also _>r____Bes, if certain financial conditions are ful filled, that he will make arrangements for its stall further enlargement. The present number in its new wrapper fully m-mfa?«n« the promise of preceding issues, and bids fair before long to take an honorable place amongst English periodicals of a similar character. We hope all vecipients of Words of Grace have not been placed in the same position as we have with re gard to our number of the magaans. or largs «lnri«y*i wUI be made upon that "charity which Wi*nir«ai no eviL" Oar number is made up of 16 pages for June, toe balance being for September, 1878. The Committee of the Adelaide City _*i.«*— met on Thursday afternoon, June 26, in the vestry of the Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street. The following members were present:—ss««r- J. _£. Dowie (in the chair), J. Smith; J. Scott, J.P.. J. Steele, J. I. Green, D. Bobin, J. Hooker, J. S. Knox, G.Staea, Revs. J.Lyalland M. J. Birks. The Entertainment Committee reported in reference to the lectures and concerts now being given. It wss thought desirable to arrange a series ef special services to be held in toe hall after the dose of the series of - entertainments, the Secretaries to make the necessary arrangements. The time and {dace were fixed for holding the annual meeting, and the officers and Oommitte were nominated for next year. Xt was reported that toe Mission HaU Sunday-school was greatly in need of additional library-books for the scholars. Another attempt is to be made to recover toe goods in tbs ship Loch Aid, which waa wrecked near Port Campbell last year. It is to be made (states the Geelong Advertiser) on a fLLffereat basis to that adopted aome months since. The owners of the wreck propose to form a Oompany and raise the necessary funds for carrying out toe work by issuing 500 shares •at £2 each; sad already half the shares have -been applied for. It ia estimated that the hull •of toe Lock Aid contains goods valued at £35,000, which could not bo injured by their lengthy immersion. The proposition is to raise the goods by means of pulleys projecting over toe end of the island against which the Loch Ard struck —toe goods to be landed on toe island, taken to tbe other end, and lowered into -vessels anchored in smooth water. The divers who have inspected the wreck report favorably jo_ the scheme. Mr. John Robb, contractor for the Fre- mantle and Guildford Railway in Western Australia, dispatched a number of workmen to the scene of operations by the steamer Otway, from Port Adelaide, on Thursday morning, June 26. The party consisted of four officers, three of whom are married, and whose wives accompany them in the saloon, and thirty-one navvies—men who understand the work, and who have for some time been in the employ of the firm. It will depend upon the labor market in West Australia whether Mr. Robb will send more men from Adelaide, or will charter a sailing vessel in Melbourne, and send labor direct from that colony, where there are more unemployed than here. A good deal of the ironwork for the Fremantle Railway will be made in this colony, at Mr. Robb's work shops at Victor Harbor, so that the acceptance of the contract by Mr. Robb will be beneficial to this colony in more ways than one. A seaman of the ship Laju. now lying at Macuvrcn Wrarf, Port Adelaide, named Wm. Hicking. was missed on Thursday morning, June 26, under rather peculiar circumstances. He fasd been drinking somewhat freely during the previous night with some sailors of toe Harvest Home, which craft was lying alongside his vessel, and after isturningtotoeliajuhewenttohis bunk At about 2 o'clock in toe morning he was seen by the man on watch to again leave toe veise. apparently to go on board toe Harvest Home ; Shortly afterwards a splash was heard, but j Angularly enough np notice was taken of it At 6 o'clock on Tbnrsday morning Hacking was found to be miasing.aiid aa all his clothes and his hat were iu his bunk, it was pretty clear that be had not deserted. Some oue then re membered that he heard toe splash, snd the river was dragged for hours, but nothm; was found. The police have also searshed all the public-houses in toe Fort, but have been unable to discover **^ TnisiHng man. The following: story of a miraculous escape from death is related by the Ovens ani Murray Advertiser of the 21st June:—"On day last w.ek a young man named Bell wa engaged at the forge in conn—irion with th^ claim of the Pride and Stringer's Reaf, Hills borough, sharpening some pickaxes, and, as i customary, there was a tub containing water iu which the heated metal ie plunged to cool it ' after being shaped, standing near, and in this instance Bell had placed in this the picks he was sharpening; and in thrusting iu one a great explosion followed, which blew the contents (even to the anvil) of the shed to the four winds of heaven, and completely wrecked the edifice. Now comes the most remarkable part of the story, tor the young man sustained no bodily injury with the exception—as may ba conceived —of a severe shaking of his nerves, although the tops of hia boots were blown away, as were also the legs of his trousers past the thighs. It is i urmised that a quantity of dynamite mas .have fallen into toe water from an overhanging shelf, and the heated iron coming into contact with it caused the explosion." "A very promising scheme is now being considered,'' says the Border Watch, "by the Narraooorte public." This is the formation of a Company to drain about 50,000 acrea of swamp land in that locality. Tha Government has been sounded as to its willingness to sell the land to tbe proposed Company—on the same terms as the other selectors—at not more than 255. per acre, and toe answer is so far favorable that it is believed the Company will be floated this week. Immediately thereafter steps will be taken topassa?ill through Parliament to enable the Company to drain the land. The capital of the Company is to be £50,000 in 50,000 shares, and as only a email amount will have to be paid down for the land the most of it will be avail able for draining purposes. The Company will depend on toe sale of the land after it is drained for money to pay the Government. The lend ia said to be excellent in quality. It has now been dry for two years, and only needs toe making of drains to keep it permanently clear of stagnant water. We wish the scheme well. It is a new departure in South Australian land alienation; its general adoption in suitable localities would relieve the Government and hasten the advent of toe time when our swamp land could be pro fitably occupied." An unusually violent gale of wind passed ever Magill on Thursday morning, June 26, doing much mischief. The World's End Inn, kept by Mr. C. Baker, was damaged consider- ably. The verandah was sprung and the chimney of the bar parlor was blown over with sufficient force to send the debris through the roof, which is an iron one, and shift it off the joists. The wooden framework of the roof appears to be broken in many places, and lets the water through. The roof of the stable has been tilted, and now hangs over the wall about six feet. A large quantity of Mr. Baker's furniture was de- stroyed. Some sheets of the iron roofing were carried a distance of 100 yards, one piece weigh- ing about five cwt. being lifted over the stable. The damage Mr. Baker estimates at about £200. Howett's bakery also suffered, having been partly blown down and stripped of the roof. A small three-roomed cottage inhabited by a person named Slates also had its roof taken off by the wind. Mr. John Ryan, beer bottler, of Pulteney-street, was driving past the World's End Inn in a trap when he suddenly found him- self and the trap lifted off the ground. The trap then turned over and fell on him, cutting his head severely. A meeting of the executive of the Young Men's Christian Association was held on Thursday, June 26. Them were present Mr. R. Searle (President) in the chair, the Very Bev. Dean Russell, BX)., toe Bevs. O. Copland. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., S. Mead. MA., LL.B.,the Hon. John Colton, Messrs. J. F. Conigrave, T. W. Harris, W. Pomeroy, Walker, and the Seeretary. An animated debate took place as to tiie propesed new building, and a hope waa expressed that very shortly the Association would enter into possession of a large building in Gawler-place, where there would be ample accommodation not only for the direct religious work of the Association, but also for the estab lishment of a Club for young men, in connection with which would be provided reading, coffee, and smoking rooms, a gymnasium, a large room for meetings, and class-rooms. It was stated that the Seamen's Mission Committee had undertaken to deliver the Association cards of 1 invitation to all young men arriving in Port < Adelaide by ocean steamers and other vessels, ' and that by this means tbey would be intro duced to the Secretary, and would be brought to tbe rooms, w£ere s friendly welcome snd ready assbtence would be offered to them. The ' fortnight's work done by tbe Committee was ] reported upon, and the proceedings terminated- < Writing with, reference to the Port Victor Breakwater work the Southern Argus , says it is progressing slowly but surely. " The , tunnel that was blasted some few weeks ago, and which, unfortunately, was not so com- pletely disturbed as was hoped, has undergone some clearing and further extension, and it is expected to fire it again shortly, when, no doubt, a mixture of dynamite and powder will open out a cavity such as will at once give an abundance of large boulders to work upon. . The 'sea' tunnel has bean driven in nearly a hundred feet, but will not be ready for some- weeks yet for firing. This tunnel is being aucceasfully bored by the aid of the air com- pressor engine. The twenty-ton crane is at work, and a sight worth seeing is the ease and facility with which it drags out and lifts as a feather the huge pieces of rock that have lain secure and embedded for thousands of years— transhipping them to where it is to be hoped they may henceforth rest. Mr. Robb has an ex traordinary lot of machinery on the ground; and when more stone is at liberty we expect to , see a more rapid extension of the breakwater than up to the present is perceptible. The piles are being driven for the screw-pile jetty, which will not be long before completed, and no doubt will be very useful." As stated in oar telegrams Mr. Berry lately received a deputation of the Victorian unemployed at the Treasury, when a petition setting forth the present want of employment and distress amongst the working classes, signed by 1,080 persons, was presented to hua. Mr. Barry pointed oat (aaya the Age) that the aim of the Government had been, and was, the general welfare of the community, and that demonstra tions such as that recently made by the un employed were calculated to greatly embarrass them and fo injure them in many ways. He was aware that similar distress existed in New South Wales and in South Australia, but the fact was concealed there by the press. Conservative governments being in power in each colony. He advised tbe deputation to represent their wants to the City Council and other local bodies, wbo were in a position to find employment if they chose, and promised to appoint a Board to in vestigate the. subject with a view to ascertaining whether the present condition of affairs was abnorma', and whether there were more persons out of work than waa usual in cities having the popu'ation that Melbourne had. He also aaid be would consult the Ministers of Railways and P< blic Works, snd aee if anything could be done to alleviate the existing distress. "A rather peculiar case, in which a medical man residing in Carlton, and a member •f Parliament, representing a constituency in tiie Western District, are concerned, will," writes the Melbourne Age. of June 24. "come before the public at the City Polioe Court in toe course of a few days. The circumstances are aa follow:—About 2 o'clock ou Sunday morning last the doctor wss disturbed by the loud ringing of his door bell. On opening his bedroom window he saw a parson who asked bim to pay a visit to a child dangerously ill. After some demur he consented, and the two walked together for a short distance, when J the doctor met a friend with whom he con versed for a few minutes. Soon after parting with his friend he was seized round the neck by his companion in a gaiotting fashion, and while endeavoring to release himself he got a glimpse of his assailant's face, aud immediately said, 'Why, you are Mr. , the member of Parliament.' His assailant admitted that he was the person named, and made no excuse for his extraordinary conduct. On freeing him self the doctor retraced his steps homeward, not feeling inclined to proceed further with euch an eccentric individual. A summons was taken out yesterday to compel the legislator to appear and answer a charge of common assault.*' Mr. Tucker, M.L.A., has on several oc casions urged upon Victorian Governments the advisability of establishing, in connection with one of the public departments, a system of Government life assurance and annuities similar to that in operation In Great Britain, and during the last few years also adopted in I New Zealand with great success. The system, amongst other business, provides (observes the Melbourne Age) for tbe assurance of lives, toe State being toe insurer, thus protecting policy j holders from the consequence of those failures that have been too frequent in private com panies. In New Zealand a large number of persons bave been induced te insure their lives, and thus make aome provision tor widows ' and children, who, if the State had not offered facilities, would probably never have thought ,of doing so. The amount of the policies now in force in that colony is no less than four millions sterling; and whilst affording to the i policy-bolder toe great advantage of knowing ! that his policy is absolutely certain of being honored, the business is of a most profitable kind. At tbe same time the premiums are on i a lower scale than those charged by privats offices. Mr. Tucker's suggestion has been, after careful enquiry, adopted by the Victorian Gs vernment. The Postmaster-General,Mr. Patter son, has been for aome time past engaged with officers of the Postal Department in making the necessary preparations, aad it is expected that the Bill which it will be necessary to pass through Parliament will be ready when the Assembly meets for business. A strange ghost story (says the Birming ham Gazette) comes from Wales. There is a Friendly Society at Pontardswe, in the Swansea Valley, among whose rules is one that the funeral allowance on account of a deceased member shall not be paid in esses of suicide. One of tbe members recently died by his own band, and the Club according, y refused to pay the death-money. For this reasonable and just refusal the members are now complaining that they are subjected to serious persecution from an im?Mi and presumably a ghostly agent. The manifestations began on a recent Sunday, when one of the officers, returning home over a lonely road, waa assailed, as he asserts, by the spirit of the late member, who, failing to obtain a satisfactory reply to his demand for the money, in a somewhat unspiritlike manner assailed the unfortunate man, and actually ** tore his clothes to ribbans." Such, at least, was the account he gave iu tones of horror at toe first public-house he came to after this terrific encounter. But the ghost does nit appear to have been satisfied with this demoa stratiou. On the following Tuesday evening, whilst the members were assembled in tbe Lodge-room, the usual knocks were heard at th-; door as of a brother seeking admittance. Th' door was opened, but no one was to be seen. The members, however, are all very certain that they heard the voice of the deceased utter the words — " Pay my widow my funeral money and then I shall be at rest." The meeting precipitately broke up, and the members are now pussled to know what to do with such adetermined deceased brother. At the weekly meeting ef the Inter national Exhibition Commission of Sydney held on Friday, June 20, the Executive Commis sioner reported (says the Herald) that sixty bays of the building, representing au area of 37.500 feet, are complete and ready for occupa tion. These form part of the space allotted t j Europe. Her Majesty the Queen, it was grati fying to announce, had promised to lend tbe following pictures:—l. Belli'* copy of "The Royal Family,*' from Buckingham Palace. 2. "The Coronation,*' by Leslie, from Windsor Castle. 3. "The Marriage of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales." from Windsor Castle. 4. " The Procession of Thanksgiving at St. Paul's," by Chevalier. The Society of Arts would send two pictures, one by Lawrence. The Royal Academy cannot send toe diploma pictures, but the Council had issued a circular to all the R.A.'e aad AJR A.'e, and also to the members of the Old and New Water Color Societies, and to toe Insti tute of British Architects, asking for contribu tions. Tbe Science and Art Department of South Kensington was collecting and packing all toe things asked from them, inrlraai-j the reproductions of the plate at Windsor, aud the regalia in the Tower. The Committee on Art reported, after a careful consideration of all the drawings sent in for competition for the prize offered for a certificate of merit, it was of opinion that oo single design was of watSaeat merit to be accepted withont alteration. I', was, however, considered that one design, bearing the motto SAdere mens sodas mtttato, bad so much merit, that it was advisable to accept its main features, and submit some of the details to the revision of s third party. This bad been done, and the original design, together with the re cast, have been forwarded to the care of the Go--_-is-k?ers for the United States, with full directions aa to seeing to its artistic improve ment, even by the employment of some eminent artist, if necessary, before it is entrusted to the American National Bank Note Company, to be engraved on steel. A most dreadful case of suffering of a Sydney vessel's crew from starvation bas just transpired, reports the Sydney Evening News, of June 21:—"It appears that a cutter named the Chance left the port of Newcastle on the 3rd in charge of Charles Smith and two other seaman. Their destination was Lake Macquarie; but before it was reached a stiff westerly gale drove the vessel out to sea some seventy miles, and every effort failed to get tbe craft back again against the constant land winds that continuously prevailed. Day after day passed, and the little craft was tossed about by violent winds, and once or twice there were hopes of regaining the land, but again adverse gales swept the cutter seaward. There being very little previ siona on board the crew were on short com mons for the first twelve days, when tiie last I piece of bread aad the last pint of water were , divided. The succeeding four days were passed ■ without a particle ef food, and the sufferings ' of tbe poor fellows are described as most j heartrending. Another day, aud they would have probably succumbed to starvation. The j men appear to have bad a very vague idea ot where they woe until the steamer Agnes Irving. Captain Bracegirdle, fell in with them on the 19th at 9 ajn.,a little north of Port Mac quarie. The cutter was observed flying a blanket aa a signal of distress, and when communicated with the men aaid they were starving, and wars unable to keep their leaky, weather-beaten craft free of water. A boat in charge of Mr. Harper, j tbe chief officer, was sent with provisions, and j on its getting alongside tbe cutter, ou of the men got into it, declaring if they did not take him sway he would drown himself. The other seamen tben got into tbe boat, and the master. Smith, also left, declaring that the vessel was sinking. Tbey were taken on board the Eteamer. and under the careful and kind treat meat tbey received, steadily recovered, and were landed at S;dney. When the cutter was but seen ahe was drifting to the eastward. A singular festivity took place in New Kent, Virginia. U.S., lately. It was termed a |*> gallows bell," and its occasion was the execu -1 tion of two negroes, Patrick Smith and Julias Christian, for murder. The hanging (says the Pail Malt Gazette) attracted hundreds from every part of the country, snd the negroes, who came in large numbers clothed in holiday attire, made a** gala day "of it. In toe even ing tbey determined to have a ball in a large I barn. The band consisted of four banjo players and one fiddler. At midnight the orchestra struck up " The Mississippi Lawyer," and the dancing began. It was carried on with great spirit until about 2 o'clock in the morning, when an old Vondow negre=s suddenly ap peared in tbe middle of the scene, hold ing in her hand a large bundle tied up in a red handkerchief. The music at once stopped, and after certain incantations tbe old woman informed tbe assemblage that she bad the ropes with which tbe men were hanged, and tbat after she had touched any bit of it that piece would secure the possessor against the evil designs of any person who touched them or poisoned them. She then cut up the ropes in (.-mall bits, over which she sprinkled something from an old jug, and sold each bit for fifty cents. There wss such a demand for these pieces of rope that a fight was the consequence, and those who could not get a piece ** acted like fiends," begging for a thread only. Tbe old woman told them nothing else would effect the charm except email particles of the cloth ing in which the men were buried. A rush thereupon took place to the grave under the gallows for the purpose ef disinterring the bodies and bringing back the clothes. The large party who undertook this task soon, how ever, returned in horror to the ballroom, declaring that tbey had seen the twe meu wbo were hanged walking round their graves. It was subsequently ascertained that the visit of the dancers to the graves had frightened off two men, who had come to dig np the bodies for the doctors. Notwithstanding these drawbacks the ball was a great success, the old negress announcing that all who danced at tbe " gallows ball*' would be able to dance so long as they lived, no matter if they lived to be ninety-one. At St. George's Church, Royal Park, Melbourne, on Sunday evening, June 22. the Rev. R. Bhort, alluding to the death of Sir George Stephen, paid (observes the Argui) a tribute of respect to the memory of the deceased philanthropist. In early life Sir George Stephen took an active part, in con junction with bis father and other eminent philanthropists, in obtaining tho abolition of slavery throughout the British dominions. It was by tbeir uni versal efforts that this great upas tree, whioh bad been planted in the British colonies since the days of Queen Elizabeth, was uprooted and destroyed. The slave trade had already been prohibited and declared to be a crime; but slavery continued to I exist, and many both in England and the colonies were interested in keeping it alive. Vested interests and toe rights of property formed the great obstacle to the abolition of slavery. The planters everywhere, and all who were interested in estates in toe tropical colo nies, whether aa owners or ss mortgagees, were opposed to it, and threw the whole weight of their influence into the scale in favor of the iniquitous institution. The popular feeling throughout England was against slavery, and i its abolition was loudly called for; but the r vested interests of planters and mortgagees ' stopped the way. These could not be set i aside without inflicting ruinous loss upon all i the holders of property in those colonies. It > was then proposed that tbe planters should rbe compensated for the loss they would sus tain, which loss they estimated at 20 millions sterling. The proposition was accepted, and the British Parliament voted that munificent sum for the emancipation of the negro slaves. This splendid act of self-sacrifice on the part of the British nation, as a votive offering on tbe altar of freedom and humanity, on behalf of an op pressed people, was without a parallel in the annals of the world. Sir George Stephen was actively engaged and took a prominent part in the achievement of this great work of philan thropy. He (the rev. gentleman) felt called upon by feelings of sympathy and association to pay thia passing tribute of respect to the memory of the last of the noble band of Christian heroes who assisted iu achieving this great victory over oppression and wrong, in obliterating this foul blot from the national escutcheon, and in healing, si far aa England was concerned, "this open sore of the world." A lecture on Thomas lieckclt was given by the Bev. J. F. Hocter, Ml, in connection with the Young Men's Christian Associate jn, in Salisbury Chambers. King William-street, on Thursday evening, June 26. There was a small attendance, the inclement state of the weather no doubt preventing many from being present. The Bev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., presided, and in opening the proceedings stated that negotiations were pending to s cure new premises for th? Association in Gawler-place. The arrangements would probably be completed in a day or two, and in about two months it was expected tha' the Association would be ablete remove to the r new quarters. The premises were very suitable both as regards tbeir situation and the accjuatn >- dationaflorded. It was intended thatt'i^re a!iou!<l bealecture-room,asmokiug- raotn,agyni!i a«ium, reading-room, and other conveniences. The Rev. Mr. Hocter then delivered his lecture, which was given without the assistance of notes, and in the course of which Beckett's eventful career aa Chancellor of England, as Amlias. adorto France, and finally as Archbishop of Canterbury, was eloquently described. The lecturer referred to the disputes between the secular and religious powers which took place during the reign of Henry 11., and gave a forcible description of the murder of Beckett, consequent upon t be prelate's persistent refusal to consent .to the King's inter ference with what be considered the privileges of bis order. In concluding, Mr. Hocter said be c.uld regard Beckett neither as a martyr nor a traitor. The proud prelate was certainly no martyr. He was utterly devoid of toe spirit of martyrdom. He did not die in the cause of Jesus Christ, but for his order —for the privi leges of the unreformed Church of Bug land. He did not understand toe spirit '. of St. Stephen, St. Paul, or St. John. IHe sras unable to comprehend the majesty, [ tbe glory, and the humility of a real disciple of tbe Man of Nazareth. But although he was no martyr, he certainly was no traitor. He wss sn enthusiast; s man who threw himself body, soul, and spirit, into whatever he set himself to do; a noble man, snd if tbey would, a virtuous man, but at the aame time be was the charapion of a rotten cause, a cause which, thank God, there was no longer aay necessity to defend. A hearty vote of thanks was given to the Bev. Mr. Hocter for Ins interesting lec ture. I The latest "shooting incident" of any importance ia the United States occurred on tbe 26th of Marsh st Frankfort, Kentucky. j Colonel Thomas Buford on tbe afternoon of ! tbat day shot and killed Chief Justice Elliott, of the Court of Appeals, in front of the Capitol Hotel. The weapon used on this occasion was a double-barrelled shot gun, loaded with twelve buck-shot in each barrel. The Pall Atoll Gazette says Colonel Buford assigns as an excuse for his conduct tbat a case was lately decided against him in tbe Court of Appeals by the de ceased Jndge. After shooting tbe Judge-he ex pressed bis regret at having done no. aud, lifting up tbe head of tbe dead man, placed his own bat under it. No attentions of the kind were, however, of any avail, for the Judge was quite dead, his body being completely riddled with shot. Colonel Buford, wbo is now in custody, was, it is stated, ** reared in oue of the most civil ani peace- loving sections of the State of Kentucky." His family for generations have been noted for their susceptible hoaor aud fiery temper, and these qualities were conspicuous almost to exaggeration in the gallant colonel. He was also distinguished by a proud reserve towards acquaintances that threw him almost entirely upon his own resouro-s for amusement. On one occasion, annoyed by a remark male to him by bis brother Henry, he drew his revolver and fired three shots in the public street at his relative, " all of which went close enough to show that rage only shook his arm and saved him tbe guilt of fratricide." On another occa sion, having had a difference with a gentleman by name Thomas, whom he met at Lexington Fair, tbe two** drew pistols on the fair-ground and began popping at each other." Thomas having emptied his pistol. Colonel Buford, cocking his for the sixth time, waa preparing for another shot, when a man named Ferguson j handed Thomas a fresh and fully-loaded wea pon. This displeased General Abe Buford, tbe [ Colonel's brother, who rushed at Ferguson and slashed off a considerable portion of hb scalp with a howie knife. In the meantime Colonel Buford, in firing hia pistol, accidentally shot a negro girl iu the mouth and nearly killed her. The bystanders then interfered and stopped the shooting. So many lives had beea en dangered by tbe reckless affair that Colonel Buford became unpopular : and, hit proud spirit being unable to brook the feeling against him, be retired to Louisville and took to park packing. This proved a failure, and his temper became more irritable than ever: hence the death of Judge Elliott. The Bev. J. Henderson delivered a lecture, entitled "The Oddities of Genius," in the Kent Town Wesleyan Church Lecture Hall, on Thursday evening, June 2d. Thia lecture was the first of a series of lectures and enter tainments which are to be given in aid of the building fund of the infant classroom. There sras a moderate attendance, but those present made up in spirit what they lacked in numbers, and the applause throughout the evening was hearty and frequent. Mr. F. Chappie, 8.A., presided. The lecturer, in commencing his address, said this was toe age of lectures, aud the colonists bad shown in their cravings for such entertainments that in matters of that sort at any rate they were not behind those in the old country. He spoke in high terms of praise of any entertainment which tended to carry a man's thoughts away from tho monotonous jargon of every-day life, and urged upon all, lo matter in what sphere of life they might be, to _trive to intellectually improve themselves. He said he wished that evening to show his audience some of the men of genius in the act of ii-iuiug their glorious manifestoes, to look iijto their studies and to see bow tbe ' houghts leapt into life, which were destined in some eases to wander through eternity. Tlere were some who thought that mere ph; steal labor was more trying than the work of the brain, but be pointed out that the former could not be compared to the exhausting effects which intellectual toil bad on the physical aud mental constitution. On this point Hugh Miller had said tbat the hardest work be bad bad ia a stone quarry was as nothing to toe exhaustion frodueed after preparing an article for the press. t might surprise some to know that writingwith Dickens wssattimeaalabor,but they had hisown statement as to that. There were other writers again, like Jeffrey, who would dash off some of tbeir brilliant effusions while preparing for au evening party or balL Dr. Johnson studied in bed; while toe favorite attitude of Goldsmith when thinking was lying on the floor with his legs on the table. There were aorse men of genius who could write anywhere and under any circumstances, while there were others whom the slightest incident would disturb. Voltaire, it was said, wrote only when fully dressed; and if he saw the slightest imperfec tion on the part of bis laundress in his attire he could not proceed with his work. Another writer composed seme of his best productions while cooking a steak for bis dinner, while some of the choicest fancies of Burns had been conceived when he was humbly following the plough. He gave other instances of eccentrici ties on the part of men like Professor Wilson, Dr. Chalmers, and Coleridge, the man of in cessant talk. He gave a passing tribute of praise to Sir Walter Scott, not merely for the influence his works had on literature, bnt for Ithe material results of his labors in relation to his native country. The rev. gentleman con cluded an eloquent lecture with an appeal to those present, although they might not be geniuses, to make toe best of the opportunities which presented themselves for personal im- Erovement and for the benefit of mankind. The ighest greatness was not that which waited for favorable opportunities, bat which made its way in the face of all difficulties, and toe real heroes were those who compelled a tribute man would fain den j. At the close of the lecture Mr. Henderson was loudly applauded. One or two ladies and gentlemen contributed to the success of the evening by rendering vocal music iu ex cellent style. A copy of a circular has been sent to us, emanating from residents in Tatiara, Border Town, and Victoria, which has been issued mainly with a view to advocating the con struction of toe proposed railway line from Narracoorte to the Tatiara. The circular is headed " A Short Sketch of the Tatiara Country and its Wants," and enters minutely into parti culars as to the situation, present condition, and future prospects of the Tatiara country. A couple of extracts from the circular will show i at once the grounds on which the authors of the circular rest their claim for the construction of the railway. In the first place, they say:— " The Tatiara country is situated about 110 miles S.E. from the township of Wellington, and the centre is 68 miles B.K.E. from Kingston, Lace pede Bay, and 45 miles north of Narracoorte. There are two Hundreds declared, viz., Tatiara and Wirriga, which contain the respective areas of about 106 square miles each. These two Hundreds are neatly all first-ela&s; land, avail able for the growth of cereals, and capable of maintaining a large population. South of those Hundreds and in other places north aud west tracts of good land occur, which would readily be selected if railway facilities are granted, making altogether an area, including the Hundreds, of ab.ut 350 square miles. The Tatiara country ia bounded on the north by the 80-called Great Detert, on the west by a similar country, and on the south 20 miles of hopeless sand cuts off the country from the Morambro Plains and Narraooorte, on the east the province of Victoria forma the boundary. Though the country surrounding the Tatiara is described as a desert, yet it is ail taken up y sheep'armers, who raise large quantities of wool and require fencing material and stores, Ac. The supplies and returns from these stations last year reached about 1,657 tons. Though of a sandy chuacter thia soil grows healthy shrubs very thick, with here and there a belt of scrubby timber and mallee. The first-class land of the Tatiara may be set down at 130,000 acres, of which over 80,000 acres have been selected at an average of 30s. per acre. The Educational blocks, 30,000 seres, are leased at an average of 2s. per acre rental, and the University block, 10,000 acres, at about 2s. Bd. per acre." The population is set down at 800 souls, which it is estimated would soon be doubled if railway facilities were granted. After stating that toe land is admirably suited for the growth of cere-Is and entering into other particulars the circular says:— ** Tfaefollowing rough sketch will showthe probable traffic that may reasonably be expected if a line of rail is opened. The estimate is based on what tbe Government compel tbe selectors to cultivate, but with the railway much more might be safely calculated on:—Patting the arable land at 150,000 acres, and taking only the amount the Government compel selectors to put on each, viz.,one-fifth, this would be 30,000 acres, which at lObnsbelsperacre would prod _ce300,003 bushels, and deducting 60,000 bushels for seed and flour would leave for export 240,000 bushels. This should be credited with all the distance to Kingston, via. about 103 miles, equal to 6,480 tons, at 3d. per ton per mile, £~100; passenger traffic to Narraooorte and Kingston, at 2d. per mile, 40 per week, average distance 75 miles, 52 weeks at £26 per week, £1,352; return traffic from Kingston sad Narraooorte—goods of all descriptions, fencing material, Ac, £3/)00; probable traffic from Binnum and across the Border at that place, goods, produce, and passengers, say, £2,000; saving in mails, £500; total within the colony, £13,952. Tbe produce from Victoria which must necessarily use the line cosy be fairly set down at a like sum, £13)952, which brings up a total of £27,904. The amount estimated for construction of line is about £210,000. Thia at 4 per cent, per *•■•"— interest will require £8,400. Tbe working expenses bave been esti mated at about £9,000; total interest and working expenses, £17,400; leaving a profit of £10.504. Even should this amount of produce ' be charged to the branch line only, it leaves ' sufficient to pay working expenses aad some thing handsome for interest an outlay." A general meeting of the Hunt Club has been convened for this aftemoon.at the Globe Hotel, to consider an offer from Mr. Barnard for the Hunt Races at Morphettville. The Waterworks Bates Department has heen removed from the offices at the corner of Freeman and Flinders streets to a- suite of rooms at tbe corner of Franklin and Bentham streets, known as Fraser Chambers. The hounds are to meet at the Caledonian Hotel, North Adelaide, to-morrow, at the usual hour, half-past 2 o'clock ia tbe afternoon/ The run from here is s favorite one with the public st large ou account of tbe sport it affords, and the facilities offered for seeing the beat hunting bits. "Conrad and Lirette" was repeated at the Academy of Music on Thursday evening to a capital bouse. Messrs. Baker and Farron were eminently suseessful ia the representation of the principal characters, and their inimitable acting was thoroughly enjoyed. To-night tbey take tbeir farewell benefit prior to thiir de parture for America, the piece selected for representation being " Lisa Bodes." "Oliver Twist" was presented for the last time at the Theatre Royal to a fair house on Thursday evening, June 26, Miss Dargon as Nancy Sykes being loudly applauded for ber delineation of that character. She was afell supported by the other members of the company. To-night toe popular comedy \- London Assurance* will be produced, when Miss Dargon wQI sa stain the part of Lady Gay Spanker. A very successful entertainment in con nection with the Glanville Band-of Hope waa held in the Bible Christian Chapel, Glanville, on Wednesday evening, June 2S. The atten dance was good, aad Mr. Bust, toe President, occupied the chair. Addresses were delivered by the Chairman, the Bev. R. Kelley, and Mr. Reuben GUI, and recitations, dialogues, &o.; were given by several juveniles, members of the band. The prises won at the athletia sports held at the Exhibition Grounds on Jons 20 were distributed at St. Francis Xavier's Hall on Thursday evening, June 26. The- proceedings were diversified by a number of young ladies and one or two gentlemen contributing vocal and instrumental music. Tbe prizes to the value of £50 were handed to the winners by the Bev. Father Williams, who congratulated the pro moters on the sHoeess of the sports. The sale ef gifts in connection with the Good Templars Right Worthy Grand Lodge of tbe World was continued on Thursday eftec uoom and eveniag. June 26, iu the Oddfellows' Hall, Franklin-street There was a very large attendance in the evening, wheu a promenade concert was given, in which the following ladies and gentlemen took part: — Misses Copper, Winwood (2), aud Messrs Smart, Potter, Baker, Cbipp, aud Townley. In our previous notice we omitted to mention the name of Miss Pep perell as assisting at one of tho stalls. At the close of the evening Mr. Madge sold some of the remaining goods by *' Dutch auction." The proceeds ot the two daya sale amounted to £70. An entertainment was given at the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution ou Wed nesday evening, June "25, to celebrate the anniversary ot the opening of the new building. After refreshments supplied by friends had been partaken of a number of songs and recitations were given by toe inmates. Aisong those who distinguished themselves were Uuncina Greer Orask, Alice Brooks, Ruth Smith, and David Stem, ail blind inmates. The musical abilities of Runciua Greer Crask, who accompanied herself oa the concertina, were pronounced to be of a very high order indeed. After the programme had been gone through dancing was commenced among the inmates, aud itwas wonderful to see themutes and the blind enter into the full enjoyment ef it together. Towards the conclusion of the entertainment Mr. Robert Hogg (the Superin tendent), addressing Mr. aud Mrs. Townsend, said it was customary in the Melbourne Blind In stitution, and other similar institutions tobold an entertainment ou the anniversary days. During the year, time after time, both Mrs. Murdoch (the Matron) and himself had been requested by the inmates to hold an entertainment, especially as they wished ia some form to show a mark of respect to their friend Mr. Townsenl. They had all, therefore, saved their small moneys, and this had resulted in his being asked to tender Mr. Townsend a present, consisting of a beautiful inkstand, bearing the following ! inscription:—" Presented to W. Townsend, Esq, M.P., by the inmates of the Blind Deaf and Dumb Institution, June, 1879." Mr. Townsend said he was entirely taken by surprise by the presentation. When the Superintendent asked him on Saturday last to meet some friends there he had not the slightest idea that such a presen tation would have been made. Tbeir mark of kindness would be an incentive to him to work— if it were possible—harder for the Institution than he had hitherto done. The inmates then adjourned to the Matron's room, where some lady visitors gave a musical entertainment, which seemed to he much enjoyed by the inmates. Master David Stern, a blind boy, proposed " Success to the Institution,'' and thanked Mr. Hogg, Mrs. Murdoch, and Miss Murdoch for their great kindness. He said the inmates were all thoroughly happy and had enjoyed them selves, and he wished success to the Institution. The proceedings closed with the singing of " God Save the Queen " Three cheers were then given for Mr. and Mrs. Townsend, Mr. Hogg,and Mrs. Murdoch. The whole proceedings were of a most enjoyable character. >e? |J_§" Mr. James H Parr requests specia attention to his Sale This Day, at 12 o'clock, in his Room, Commercial Buildings, Currie-street, of a number of Valuable Freehold Pioperties. See advertisements. 