GENERAL HEWS. " The rapidity with whiuh the publlo estate Is being alienated in the south- western diatrlots of Now South Wales is shown," states the Sydney Morning Herald, "by the return which has been prepared at theinstanoe of the member for the Murray, During the last seven years ( and within a radius of 50 miles of Jerllderle, there has been alienated 2,408,063 aores of Grown lands. Conditional purchases have absorbed 645,072 aores; improvement purchases, 128,041 | conditional improvement purchases, 1,800; auotion purchases, 1,705,000; selection after auotion. 61,788; volunteer land orders, 16,100: special purohases, 5,247. It plight be Inferred by the uninitiated, from this statement, that there are at least 851 tosldent 'selectors, each owning 640 aores within 50 miles of Jeril- j derio, and 302 military men, who, having served | their country for a period of five years, have i retired into a condition of rustlo simplicity. It might with enual confidence be predlatea that I any one who bliould go in, searoh of these bandB of yeomanry would find a considerable majority of them conspicuous by their absenoe." The London correspondent of the Mel' bourne Argus states that the general impros' sion as regards the Frinoo of Wales going to Australia is, that if he does go he will leave England in October, 1880, after the grouse and partridge shooting is over, and will return so as to be in London by Easter, 1831. A re* port has beon ourrent during the last few days that if Prince Leopold's lieaith "permits it ho might visit Australia ere the dose of the Sydney Exhibition. | The Maori prisoners still adhere firmly to tho statement that they are only contesting for their rights, and state they petitioned Parliament repeatedly without avail, and at length thuy were driven to take other mea<1 suros, They also say that they were aotlng under the orders of Te Whlti, obeying him as soldiers would obey a general, trusting that he will ouly give them such ordera' as are justified by espedlency. " Suppose," said one of them to a visitor," a dog fa worrying a number of sheep in a field, who iB reapon. aiblo for the damage done-the dog, or his muster ?" The reply was, of course, that the master wuu liable. " Then we are like1 dogs.' To Whlti is our master. Why is he not held responsible ?" was the response. The 'visitor answered, "You forget you have reasoning power, while a dog has none. If Te Whlti told you to ba,ug yourself, would you do it?" The prisoner laughed, and replied that he would not. The Maorlea say that ploughing will be continued, and after the men are all taken it will be done by women, and after them by ohildren. The natives in stating this intention, add, half-joklngly, " The Go vernmenthas taken our land, and now we meun to make them spend some money on us." The Klugites have been bringing pressure to bear upon Hewl, to act more in accordance with Tawhiao'a wish, but una vail, ingly, The early life of the oelebrated Christine flilsson has formed the subjeot of newspaper paragraphs from time to time, and the parti* oulara given have varied considerably. A writer in Truth says i-~" I saw the other day in a newspaper a fanoy sketehof the early life of Christine Nilaaon. Here is the reality. ?-On a remote estate in Sweden lived a Baron Leheusen, whose wife was very musi cal, On tliesb Swedish estates the peasants were until within a few years praotically serfs, and are oalled Bunde ana Torpare. The Bunde have about 80 or 40 acres, and have to perform certain obligations to their landlords, such as tilling hia around with their horeoa or oxen, &o.; Tho Torpare are cottage ra with a small plot of ground, for which they hayo to nay a certain amount of f dftgaworl^e,, or a day's work eaoh week, Their food is obtained from the vegetables on these plots, and from about 2s. per week for tho labor of their free days, Nilsson'a father was a Torpare of Baron Leheusen, and the little Christiuo used to run about barefooted, with a short pettiaoat on, full of holes, coming down to her knees. Baroness Leheusen one day hoard her singing one of the old Swed« ish ditties, which have been handed down from generation to generation amongst the Bunde and Torpare. Tho Baroness was struck with tho sweetness of her voice, and ordered her to come up to the ohateau j there she gave her some elementary lessons in singing, and then sent her to Paris, where she was plaood under tho tuition of a French professor. After several years of assiduous study she mado her debut before the Pari sians at, if I remember rightly, the Theatre Lyrique, With the first monoy that she earned she built up the old oottage of her old father, the Torpare, and made him oomfort-u able, and he is now a woll-to-do peasant," Tho dcplinoof the Clyde shipbuilding trade is naturally exciting much uneasiness wthe dlstiiat. How great tho doolina ls may' be shown very briefly from statistics1 collected* by tho Gluagow Hcrahl, In 1874 the ateam" ton m>gu, built on the Olydo amounted 'tc ,163,144 tons, tho saillug tonnage to 60/16Ay or to 262,810 tons in all, boing 44 per cent, of tho steam > tonnage built in the whole i tJnitediKlngdom, audiSOfc per cent; r<jf the i sailing tonpago,or 48 par cent, of the'whole. In tho same year the east coast-that is, Sunderland, Nowoastle. Sbiolds, Hartlepool, Stoolcton, Middlesbrough, Hullj and Whitby -produced 42 per cent, of tho steam tonnage and 83 per cent, of tho sailing tonnage, or 80i percent.of tho whole. The Clyde Was thus a little ahead of the east coast, but legs' so in steamers than iu sailing1 vessels! Mat year, on the oontrarv, tho Olydo- turned out only 131,448 steam tons and 56,678 sailing tons; while tho total tonnage built in the United Kingdom was 8 per neat, greater thfln, iu 1874; that is to say, the Clyde porta con structed 20| per cent, of the ateam tonnage' against 61 per cent, constructed on the east ooaat, aud 88| per cent, of the Balling ton. nags against 161 per oent. on the east coast, or a total of < 29} per cent, against 51 per cent, on the east ooast. Apparently; there fore, the Olydo is losing the steamship build lug. It should be stated, however, that, in tho period wo are here dealing with there was a great increase in the steam shipping owned on tho east coast, while there was a great dcoreuse in the orders from London, Liverpool, and abroad. Despite the strenuous efforts of the au thorities to keep the real state of affairs seoret, reports are again beginning to get abroad of the fearful amoKAt of sickness now existing in Russia, A correspondent of .the Cologne Gazette writes from tit. Peters* burg that, although the Governor of ABtraoan reported on the 20th of April last that the genorul state of the health of the people in that proviuoe was ssutafaotory, trustworthy information has nevertheless 6een reoeived iu tho Rusfliim oapital that an epidemio is raging in several villages In the Gori distriot, and la committing grout ravages among the inhabitants. According to a letter lattily published in a T iflis paper, tho mortality prevailing in the village o 1 Mefeeohi is simply terrible. Every day a number ol persons are buried who have died of a disease the true character oi which has not yet been reoognlsod, or at all events has not yet been made Uuown, but whloh frequently carries off its viotlms in twenty-four hours after it first BeiiKB upon them, In the village of Dlrby, whloh contains only ICO habitations, seventy persons have already died; in Meajorijenl, where there are 200 houses, 200 inhabitants are deud; and in other villages the mortality is proportionately as great. Some of the measures taken to oonceal the existence of this epidemic are ourlous. For instance, a short time ago a previously healthy young man died suddenly, but the priest, it is stated, refused to bury tho corpse until his relatives producod a certificate sotting forth that tho deceased had been ill for a month, A Vamtajjlh Pearl,-According to the Berlin papers (Bays » writer in Truth), an exceedingly valuable black pearl, belonging to the jewels of the British Grown, aud which was stolon more than a century and a half ago, was lately discovered at Festh, aud eeuured ou behalf of the Quueu. It weius that soma months ago a dirty-looking Jew SreBented this pearl for sale to a jeweller iu ie Herrenafcraese, who referred him to Biordermann, the Court jeweller, at Vienna. The latter had no sooner seen the jewel than he called in the police, and gave the Jew in oustody, It was then ascertained that the son of Israel told the truth when he asserted that he knew not the real value of the jearl, whioh had been pawned to him for 20 florins by a poor wreboh of the name of Gyuri, The latter turned out to have been in former times a personal servant to Count , Qatthyar.y, by whom he had been presented with the pearl, then set ou a gold pin. The Count seems never to have been aware.0! its value, but subsequent enquiries led to its identification as one of a set of three' blaok pearls, the finest ever known, which were stolen from Windsor in 1728 The .price, paid for it on behalf of the Queen is said to have boon close on JB2,Q0U. A WRITER in Mwjfyir) in discussing the subject of the existence of ghosts,' relates an' extraordinary story, whioh he says has not only made him believe in ' ghosts ever since1 he heard it, but makes him quake at the. thought of them, Here is the story 1-A young Frenchman who had lost his be. trothed on the eve of marriage believed he1 saw her every night in her bridal dress, His friendB, to snow him the folly of his belief dressed a twin sister of the deceased in a dress preoisely similar and placed her at the head of the widowed bridegroom's bed exactly at the hoar the spirit came, Ho looked up,' and. crying out,'M/i del I en voila deux J" fell baok dead on his pillow. A NHw projeot for tho creation of an inland sea has' been advanced and advocated by General Fremont, at present Governor of Arizona, The removal of a barrier ridge, ho affirms, would admit the waters of the Gulf of California into an anoient basin, and would oreate a' navigable Inland sea 200 miles long, 60 miles broad, and 800 feet deep. | Thispieco of engineering, whioh Ib vory like. Roudaire'a Algerian inland sea projeot, he olaims, would oonvert what is now a desert I region into a commercial highway, and would greatly improve tho climate of South* I era Arizona and California. Dr, C. Heltssman (" Archives of medioino," New York, January, 1879) states that mar* riages should bo allowed in doubtful oases only upon tho permit of a reliable mlcrosco* I pist, "Last Boaoon," be says, "a young physiolan asked me whether I believed in marriage among kindred. Ho had fallen in. lovo with his cousin and his cousin with him. I examined his blood, aud told him that ho was a nervous rnun, pneaing sleepless ulghts and having a modoratoly good con stitution, The similar condliion being BUS* peoted in the lady, marriage was not advised for fear of degenerate offopring. So great was his faith in my assertions that he gave up the idea of marrying his cousin, offering I her the last chancu, vis,, tho examination or 1 her blood, ThiB beautiful girl oamo to my laboratory, aud, very much to my surprise, I | found on examination hor blood of fireglass constitution. The nost day j£ told tho gen* tleman, * You had better marry her,' " Tbbrb has bean ft terrible loss of camels in the Afghan campaign. Already, it is said,. the trade between India and Central Asia will be orlppled simply for want of means, of carriage during the next few years, Thou sands of camels have perished from overwork aud bad forage: and, us theae had been got together at high prices and with great difficulty, it is easy to understand the grave Inoonvenience that will bo oooaaioned on the frontlor. It is unfortunate (sayo tho Fall Mall Gazette) that the Indian finances are not in a condition to bear any exceptional outlay at present, for there can be no doubt that the best means of strengthening - the frontier would be to extend the railways from their present termini to the border posts. It will be well now to organise a special expe ditionary corps with its transport in order, and independent of railways. The expense of buying oamels and osttle In a hurry (to Bay nothing of tho delay in getting them to gether when they are wanted for an emergenoy^ Is far more serious in the long run than the maintenance of a corps ready to maroh at twenty four hours' notice. The railways have been of great service to the In dian army in many way8, but they have oer* tainly rendered It less prepared for immediate aotlou away from the main lines than it was in old daya. THIS ' numerous "varieties of voraoious' sharks which exist in every eeb, and whioh are especially abundant in th,e various waters of the tropioa. "cause (sayp/the.Cto/? nies) more destruction among the useful kinds of fish upon which wo depend, so rauoh for our food supplies than almost, any other agenoy of nature or of man { and they hbve, perhnpB, justly earned the heartiest ill-will of fishermen in all parts', of the world But they are not so entirely without virtues as they appear to be, Most kinds of sharks contain large quantities of valuable oil, which, if prope>jy prepired,', will rival the produce of the sun I ,or the whale for ordiuary commercial uses, ,and; will equal cod-liver oil for medicinal puri! Eoses, , A considerable fishery, prosecuted, oweve , in a des-ultory manner, exists off, the west coast of Ireland, where the" bask, ing shark/' the largest variety of shark' inhabiting British waters( is sought 'after on 1 account of the quantity df oil whioh is ohtalnfd from its liver. The tieas around j our tropical colonies-Fiji, New Zealaud,' North Australia, the Weat Indies, Ceylon -and In.Africa and India ought to i<e the soene of a still, jnore important fishery, fn I^ew. Zealand the'exl>,teoa6 of enormous raVjerious sharks really constitutes a serious inuiedimenti to the prosecution of the native^ flsberieB und to the possibility of the per-' manent establishment of salmon in that qohiny. Some of the sharks-»the tiger1' shark particularly-are nought after by the natives, who value its flesh' as tin Article of ifootl, and keep its large an^l pearly,fe^tb1 as personal orhameDts ; Wltfy, th|;annu ally: inoj-ietisibg^oarclty ,«f tyhatti'e, and ' the oom&jjopding; jncreajsp ini the value.of whdle oil,.these sharksishould receive great attention, atjhehandsiof the ooLonial fisher meq .Hegulariapparatusf-h»rpoon8, guns, linei, and appliances /similar to those em* phyedi jn the Whale' fishery-would be required,; for a 'lusty ;ehark is endowed with lt.tiehgllhvfkr,out:t>f propdi'tiiila; even to its often'uigaiVtlo siz^l Kot phly the sharks, but:the Wore' eaail^ killed dolphins and porpoise's, Which ai^p 'yieltj, an abundance of wry vfllua* le nil, cfl?er,'&; wide field ior {the enterprise of the colonists in different parts of the world, There is a secondary advantage in the prosecution of such a fishery tor sharks and porpoises In the faot that their destruction is pro tanto the pro tection of other non*predaoeous fishes avail* abl« for food j and the fishermen need be under no restrictions-often oonaidored by them vexfltioua-as to over-fishing and catohing the fish out of season. 