SOUTH AUSTRALIA (I' ItOM OUIt OWN COmtUSI'ONDUNTO Adelaide, July 1-1. ' ine leaning political event ot the week lias been the introduction by the Government, in Uie Assembly, of a Bill to reform tlie Legislative Council, or "amend tlie Constitution Act." The Council is at present composed of 18 members. elected by tlie whole body of electors as one con stituency, six of whom retire every four years, their successors being then elected for twelve years. The Executive has no power to dissolve this body. It is elected by the wlioie colony voting as one district. Tlie qualifications of a member are — that lie must bo lit) years of age, a natural born or a naturalized subject, and a resi dent ill the province for three years. The qualifi cations of the elector are — that lie shall be 21 years of age, naturalized or native born, shall have been six mouths on the roll, and have a freehold of ,kr>0 value, a leasehold of £20 per minimi, or occupy a dwelling-house valued at £2"> per year. The necessity for a change in tho Constitution Act with regard to tho Upper House has not made itself so apparent here as in some of tlie other colonies, and it has not yet become a- burning question with the electors. But owing to the Council having thrown out certain Bills of late, that have been passed by the As sembly, and having shown an obstructive spirit, in other matters, reform of some kind is to bring it about by providing tlmt when a mea sure, having been passed by tho Assembly in one session, and rejected by the Council, is in tlie next again passed by the Assembly, mid once more re jected by the Council, "it shall ho lawful for, but not obligatory upon, the Governor," upon tlie next dissolution of the Assembly, to dissolve Ilie Council as well. This .seliemc is similar to, but not identical with, the proposition of, Sir Michael Ilieks-lleaeh iu his despatch to tlie Marquis of Normunby. The Bill was introduced by tlie Trea surer, and lias not yet been debuted.- There is little doul/t, however, if passed by tlie Assembly, that it will meet with opposition iiiihu Council oil Uie ground — first, that it was not introduced in that House; and, secondly, because the Council are just as conservative and as jealous of their own privileges as the members of other Upper Cham bers. it is believed that if it he rejected by the Council there will he no very great display of in dignation over tlie loss of the Bill. It has been pointed out that the Hill would require somu modi fication, as it is possible that a dilliculty might arise, not over a Bill, but over such a work us the " outer harbour" scheme. It was objeutod to by the Council when the Loan Bill was presented last session, nnd the item for it was rejected. Ther<j.i.s nothing of startling consequence going on in the Assembly, and tlie Council only incut fur an hour or twocaeh week, and adjourn. Since tlie Government gained their very decisive victory on the finance question, at the opening of the session, their oppoucutcs have cried " pccoavi," and the wordy warfare lias been of the mildest character tip to tlie present. The Government linve completed their arrangements with the Associated Banks, by which they will he placed in funds until the balance of their loan is floated next year, so that they will he aide to proceed with public works and con tinue their " broad and progressive policy." The District Courts Bill is undergoing duhate on the second reading, and this measure, if carried, will decidedly be a step in the right direction. As at present suitors are placed at great disadvantage and expense iu having to travel from all parts of the colony to tlie metropolis to got legal redress. In tlie matter of political education for the rising generation, a very good suggestion has just been made by the l'ort Adelaide Board ot Advice, who have called tlie attention of tlie Minister " to tlie desirableness of some provision being made for tiie instruction of (lie children nt Qjc State schools in the nature of the luivs by which lliey are governed, so that when past the age of pupilage, and when called upon to exer- cise their rights as citizens, tliey may have had in struction iu tlie nature of tlie functions which t hey are called upon to perform." Tlio Hoard sug gested that an elementary text-hook should he pre pared, under the direction ofjtho department, giv ing information iu a simple form as to the Consti tution imdor which we live, and the duties, rights, ami liabilities of citizens. 'The Board were of opinion that if the proposal wero carried out it would he of great service in training u|> young people to a fuller sense of their responsibilities, aud iu developing their faculties in stiuh a manner us to lit them for their after-life. Who shall say after this that boards of "advice" do not understand their functions Thu Board here appear to take a more active part.iu matters of this kiud than tho Vic torian Hoards. Our Education Act is working very smoothly aud satisfactorily at present, timier the Minister (Hon. T. Iving), tho Inspector-General (Mr. Hartley), and a secretary, homo time ago there was a Council of Education, and ail thu ulfuirs of. the department were sat upon and discussed publicly in tlie presence of reporters. This was the mcuns of keeping the Cnuucil aiul its. presi dent (Mr Hartley) continually in hot water, nml finally it was deemed ndvisnhic to abolish the Council, and a measure to this effect was passed by I'arliniuciit. A number of very handsome nnd substantial schools have been erected in various parts of the colony, and the architect (Sir Woods) has devoted special attention to ventilation, the consequence being tliat the children are very safely and comfortably located. A difficulty in connec tion witli the construction of very largo schools lias cropped up in thu mining districts, such as Moouta, where not long ago there \yas a large population of miners mul their families, who lire now being dispersed in consequenco of the groat doprossiou iu tho copper market, Tlio schools are much too largo- for the --attendance, "and Mr. Hartley has found it necessary to reconiniqnd the adoption of tlie Victorian system of woodou buildings in districts where the population is not absolutely permanent. .Several' wooden schools arc now in course of con struction. It is a great pity that so valuable an industry us mining shmdd have received an almost irrecover able blow from the depression ill tho copper.lmde. There is any quantity of ore lying at grass aud in the mines that would pay for working nnd ship ment, nnd -give employment to thousands,. If -the price of copper ngnjn realized its old figure The principal mines are stopped, and others are only -being shepherded, or the water kept down, while waning for the return of better days. Wheat and wool- growing are the staple industries of tbe colony, , aiul these arc progressing satisfac torily, A great deal of laud is bciiig taken up and stocked in the interior, beyond Govder's line of rainfall, and in fact right across the'eontiiieiit on both sides the telegraph line to l'ort Darwin. When the. l'ort .Augusta and Government Gums railway is completed, a great impetus will be givcii to settlement 2(10 miles above the head of Spencer's Utilf, The farmers who have taken up luiul in the . northern areas are well satisfied with .its capabili ties for grain-growing ; and some of it. is really splendid country that only requires turning over with the plough and "-tickling with the hoe" to laugh -with a splendid harvest. There nrc whole tracts of country as level almost as a billiard table, with scarcely a stick or a stone upon it, and from which' 1 have scon-good crops taken out of tlie roots of tho surface grussj that had been only once turned over with a three- furrowed implement, that scarcely did more than scarify the soil. . It is hoped and iielieved tliat the coming harvest will lie a good one ,ou account of the late rains. Wc have had a heavy downfall lntc in the season, and it has been noted that our crops arc always lietlcr when this takes place. With early rains the young wheat springs up, nnd is nipped down by the first appearance of frost. A sad accident occurred here iu tlie hunting field on the 12th instant. A Victorian jockey, named Green, wiio was a very successful stcuplocluise rider, was following tho hounds on a horse named Trump, when tlio animal refused to fence, and fell heavily ou poor Brccii, who was picked up with a dislocated neck. He (lied immediately, and a subscription has since been. raised for his widow. Tlie spurting men have contributed liberally, and us Green's life was insured for £200, tlie widow, who has no children, will get aboiit £-100 to support her for somu time. The 8. A. Jockey Club Company have hold a meeting and passed" resolutions for tlio purchase of tlie Morphettville course from Sip Thomas Elder, but they would not agree to certain terms of amal gamation proposed by the S. A. J. C., who are heavily in debt, and who wish tlie comnanv to liav off their liabilities — £2800— while tho club only offer to take shares in the company to the extent of £ l()0g. It is probable some other proposals will he made, so that tlie two bodies may lie united. It is pretty certain that another racing club will be started, to run tlicir events on tlie old course, or East Park lands. George Hignold, as Henry the Fifth, has liccn drawing crowded houses nt the Thcntre Royal during tlie past week, and the play is likely io run for the best part ot a month. It is believed that Rignold will net a thousand pounds by his four weeks' engagement. Mrs. G. It. Lewis and Fred. Thorne. the comedian, are to follow ltiguold at the Royal. At the Academy of Music tlie Lynch Family ami a variety company are playing to comparatively poor houses. A pantomime is to he produced ut ibis place at tlie end of the week. \V bite's Rooms are being prepared for Darcy ReetV.s ghost, ami \V. IT, Thompson, with a diorama of the American War, from a southern point of view, is waiting to obtain u place in which to ex hibit it. Jle luw on«<a<?ed White's Rooms from Augufit 18. On Sat urday next entertainments will be given nt the academy nml theatre in aid of Mrs F. Af. Bates nnd family. 