A PASTORAL LETTER OF THE ARCH BISHOP AND BISHOPS EXERCLSINO JURISDICTION IN N. S. WALES. To our Dearly Beloved Brethren and Children in Christ, the Clergy, .Secular and Regular, and the Faithful under our jurisdiction. Health and Benediction in the Lord Jesus Christ. Having been convinced by many signs from many quarters that existing dangers to Catholic Education are steadily increasing so as to be come absolute perils to religion, and that unfair ness to Catholics is developing into absolute injustice, we, the .Archbishop and Bishops hav ing jurisdiction in New South Wales, who are responsible to Cod for the souls of parents and children confided to our care, deemed it our duty to meet and take counsel together regard ing the present condition of affairs, so that we might then, by the authority of our united voice, instruct, warn, and direct you as to your position and your duties with regard to the edu cation of Catholic children. The erection of costly public schools in every direction, which is continually going on ; the steady, systematic way in which our Denomina tional .Schools arc being weakened and extin guished ; the treatment of Catholics at Rand wick and the. Benevolent Asylum ; the prospect of secularist (Grammar .Schools springing up at the public expense in Maitland, Coulburn, and Batlmrst ! of a secularist High School for Cirls being established in Sydney, and partially en dowed by the Covornment ; of £l,b00 a-year being spent for five years on the education at Crammar Schools of hoys exclusively from Rublic Schools ; tins lavish expenditure of pub lic money on one section of the community, to the exclusion of others who cannot in con science avail themselves of it, is, in a free com munity like our own, where all are equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot be submitted to in silence. And more than this : this expenditure on god less education, this studding the colony with .Schools which the Church knows from experience will, in course of time, fill the country with indillereutists, not to speak af absolute infidels; this use of Catholic funds —of taxes paid out of Catholic pockets —for establishing a system of education throughout the land, which not merely Catholics cannot safely make use of, but which they firmly believe is calculated to sap the foundations of Chris tianity- is an act so galling to every feeling of fair-play, that we do not see how any free man, witli any spirit in him, can allow it to pass un challenged. Not merely as Bishops oi the Catholic (. liurcli, but ns citizens of a free country which boasts tluat cvcjiluunled justice is dealt out to all its taxpayers, we emphatically lay claim to our share of that same even-handed justice; and believe it to be the duty of the Catholic body not to rest until they have been placed on ail equal footing- with their fellow-colonists. "We, Catho lics who represent one-third of the population, do not ash for or seek one jot or tittle more con sideration than our fellow taxpayers receive; and wc do not see why we should be content with one jot or tittle less. Let it be borne in mind that this is distinctly a reli'dous question. "With politics, as such, it was never our taste to meddle. \\\ e prefer to do our work in peace, and avoid the contention of rival parties, lint when not justice alone, but the future of religion itself is essentially bound up with a certain position ; when the question of education is in point of fact the oreat religious question of the day ; we should he prevaricating against our bounder* duty, and should prove ourselves unfitted for our trust, were we to hold our peace ; did we not, at the present juncture, set forth the teaching of the Church with great distinctness, and point out to you, Dearly Beloved, with unmistakcahle clearness, your duties as interpreted by that teaching. Christ came on earth to renew the world by the graces of His Spirit, by liis perfect law of life, and by the Supernatural revelation of His will to man. What the highest paganism aimed at, and failed to accomplish, that He did, in all its fulness and perfection. The first chapter of St. haul’s Kpistle to the Romans gi ves us an outline of the degradation to which mau can fall under a civilisation which is based upon the passions ; whilst the higher philosophy of Plato, Socrates, Cato and Cicero, has proved us how impotent are literature and philosophy and intellectual cultivation, when they set themselves to purify the spirit of the inner man. The hideous blots which disfigure the highest morality of Romo and Athens are as so many lingers which point to the utter imbeci lity of man when be thinks to civilise the heart, instruct the conscience, and direct the will, apart from the influences of true Religion. And what the history of the past has proved to he the case, the history of the present is ever more and more confirming. Me find, on all sides, that where philanthropists have at tempted to educate the inner life of man by philosophy, legislation, or intellectual culture, the el)cot lias always boon the same. .Every civilisation which has not had Christianity for its basis has been dwarfed, stunted, and de formed : and every efiort, from that of the most remote paganism to that of the modern infi delity, to deal with the conscience, the will, and the heart of man in their inner sanctuaries, has resulted in the degradation of man, and in the collapse of the philosophy which corrupted him. The reason may have been exercised, and the intellect may' have been informed ; hut, apart from Christianity, the moral nature, on which man’s worth so much depends, has never been educated, nor his powers, passim.s, and motives elevated or refined. What paganism could not and cannot do, that our Lord did by bringing Christianity into the world, What legislation cannot touch, or phil osophy shape or sustain, that our Saviour came t<> legislate for, to purify and to ennoble, through the gifts and guidances of the Christian dispen sation. He, and He alone, was aide to convert and regenerate, and deal effectually with, the inner heart of man, for this simple reason, that He was man’s maker. It required the pmver of Judy baptism, with its interior and .super natural el loots ; the light of faith illuminating the intellect and informing tlm conscience ; and the grace of the sacraments, especially of pen ance and the altar, together with a supernatural life of piety and prayer, to bring their united action to hear upon the world, before man could gain any adetpvato notion of what Christian civilization really meant, and of the clients on the entire man of Christian education- These things, it is plain, are especial gilts of Cod to fallen nature'; they are graciously bestowed to supplement man’s weakness, aiul to assist him in 'withdrawing himself from the tyranny of passion and the thraldom of pride; away from that brutality which is produced by an enslave ment to the world, the devil, and the flesh. Re sides these gifts, Christianity brought knowledge of a perfect kind, compared with the obscurity of Hie past, it taught man that in comparison with the next world, this world, and all its wealth and knowledge, are as dross ; that heaven is bought cheaply at the price of all the present life can oiler; that man is made for Cod, and has to save his soul, before all things else ; and whatever he gain, if he Jose Cod, all is lost; and whatever lie lose, ii lie gain Cod, all is gained. Christianity brought into the world, also, three invaluable gifts ; a true knowledge of Cod, a .Divine living model or exemplar, and a clear law of love towards Cod and man. On these teachings, all civilization anil legis lation, aiL morality, pul die, social, and private, are founded. W ithout these man falls back into paganism and barbarism ; his moral nature corrupts, and he gravitates towards the con dition of tin: savage. Whilst, on the other hand, with < 'Jiristianity thus acting as a moral force upon mankind, through supernatural grace, the ellicacy of the sacraments, anil tile teachings of Kevelatinn, man is lifted up ; his reason energises in its fullest freedom, his con science is trained to a sense of highest duty, and his heart and will are developed to a recti tude, fulness, and ripeness w hich are never to lie found under less favourable conditions. Now w (i are bound, bold by the natural and the revealed law to educate children in the knowledge of Cod, in "Mis love, and in IIis com mandments. As Christians we are hound to educate them in the full revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procure for them those blessings and gilts which the Christian Church alone has the power to bestow. Wy the law* of nature parents are bound to train their children ; and by tbe law of (Jiristianity the Church is bound to see that the parents do their duty. And whilst father and mother, on the one hand, are obliged, under strict obligation, thus to rear their children—from the dawning of their rea son—-the Church is bound, on the other hand, to complete the work which the parents have begun. “ Co ye therefore and teach,” or make disciples of “ all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost : teaching them to observe all things whatever I have commanded you,” is her com mission. Here the duty is imposed upon her, and she receives the necessary gifts and powers. Tims both parents and the Church inculcate the same class of teaching ; they are in perfect har mony ; the education of the child at its mother’s knee is not undone in the Christian schools, but developed and completed. Through the whole period the graces and influences of Christianity are operating on the inner life of the Christian child; the heart, the conscience, and the will are being moulded for life ; and the entire being, body, soul, and senses, the complete personality becomes saturated by a civilisation of which Christianity alone can be the origin. Thus it is self-evident that education without Christianity is impossible. You may call it instruction, filling the mind with a certain quan tity of secular knowledge, hut you cannot dignify it with the name education ; for religion is an essential part of education ; and to divorce religion or Christianity from education is to return to paganism, and to reject the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Thus it is that the Church con demns, with marked emphasis, those schools, and that method of teaching in which the reli gious element is divorced from the secular. She know s that instruction is not education ; and that a system of national training from which Christianity is banished is a system of practical paganism, which leads to corruption of morals j and loss of faith, to national effeminacy and to national dishonour. It is not, therefore, suprising that Tope Pius IX. should have issued the following weighty instruction, which our Catholic people and our Protestant Statesmen would do well to ponder I on. In it they will find no new doctrine, hut the old teaching of the Church, which springs i from immovable principles of religion. “The greatest injury is inflicted on society,” says the Supreme Pontiff, “ when the directing and salutary power of the Church is withdrawn from public and private education on which the happiness of the Church and of the commonwealth depends so much. For thus society is little by little deprived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure the foundation n! peace and public order,and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civilization^ and give man those helps which are necessary for him in onler to attain after this life his last. end. And, in truth, a system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things and docs not puss beyond the hounds ol our life on earth, hut also departs from the truth re vealed by Hod, must necessarily he guided by the spirit of error and untruth ; and education which, without the aid of ('hristian Doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs the; mind and moulds the the tender heart of youth which is so prone to evil, must infallibly pro duce a generation which will have no guide hut its own wicked passions and wild conceits, and which will he a source of greatest misfortunes to the commonwealth and their own families. Who does not see that the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it he introduced into primary schools ? For .it ns ni these schools, above all, that the children of the people ought to he carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precept-: of our holy religion, and to be trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilization. In such schools religions teaching ought to have so lead ing a place, in all that concerns education and instruction, that whatever else the children may haem should appear subsidiary to it. The young, therefore, are. exposed to the greatest perils whenever in the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Where fore, since primary schools arc established chiefly to give the people a religious education and to lead them to piety and ('hristian morality, they have justly attracted to themselves, in a greater degree than other educational institu tions, all the care, solicitude, and vigilance of the Church. 'The design of withdrawing pri mary schools from the control of the Church, and the exertions made to carry this design into effect are therefore, inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her, and by the desire of ex tinguishing among the people the divine light of our holy faitli. Those who protend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon the primary schools in reality ask her to disobey tin; commands of her Divine Author, and to he false to the charge she has received from Cod~-oi guiding all men. to salvation. And in whatever country this pernicious design of removing Lie schools from ecclesiastical authority should he entertained and carried into execution, a.ud the young there by exposed to the danger of io-mg their faith, there the Church would he in duty hound not only to use her best cherts and to employ every means to secure for them the necessary Christian education and instruction, hut moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can, in conscience, fre quent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church.” (Letter addressed by Pope .Pius IX. to the Archbishop of Freiburg, July 14, 1864.) Wherever the question of Secularist Schools has arisen, the Bishops of the Church have preached the same doctrine, and have urged upon the people the same truths with the same warnings. How the "Bishops of Ireland have spoken in Synod and out of Synod, again and again is known @to all of you. The English hierarchy lias more than once considered it its duty to address the Roman Catholic people of England to the same effect. In one of their recent Joint Pastoral Letters they say :—“ We have already declared that education without Christianity is impossible ; or, to use a modern phrase, that the secular and religious elements of education are inseparable ; that education is essentially religious, and therefore that where religion is excluded there is no education. Hold fast by the 'old traditions and axioms of your fathers. Schools without religion may give in struction, hut education they cannot give ; they cannot educate a people. Let it be called national instruction, but, in the name of Chris tianity, let it not be called education. Not only is education without religion impossible, but in struction without religion is instruction without morality. A people to whom morality is not taught cannot he moral; but Christian morals cannot lie taught without religion; for what is morality but the law of duty, which arises from our personal relations towards Cod and our neighbour ? And how is it possible to teach this law of duty without a knowledge of the persons to wan Is whom those relations exist ? But to know this—and unless men arc going to reduce a Christian people to the level of Deists —Christianity mast he taught in our schools. Christian morality cannot be taught without the knowledge of Christ, and that again, by necessity, involves the knowledge of His history, His teaching, His commandments, His incarna tion, His Divine personality. And what is this but dogma? for religion without dogma is not Christianity. In whatsoever school, then, reli gion is not taught, morality is not taught, and where morality is not taught, the heart, the conscience.,?and the will of children are not edu cated for the duties and conflicts of life. What can he more false, what more fatal to men, to families, and to States, than to call this educa tion ?” fCive.n, April 21, 1S7L Signed by the Archbishop) of Westminster and his twelve Suf fragans.) Such, then, being the emphatic teaching m the Catholic Church, we, Archbishop andbisho of this colony, with all the weight of our autho rity, condemn the principle of secularist educa tion, and those schools which arc founded on hat principle (sec appendix). AVe condemn them, first, because they contravene the first principles of the Christian religion ; and. se condly, because they are seed- plots of future immorality, infidelity, and lawlessness, being calculated to debase the standard of human ex cellence. and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of future citizens. \\\ horeforc we urge our clergy to do all in their power, in the nn11tit and out of it, to instruct the people in these teachings of the Christian religion. They should not rest till each member of their congregation fully realises the true position of affairs. They should bring before the minds of parents the tot rible calamity to their children in exposing them to loss of faith and morals, and endeavour to make them feel that they could not do a greater service to religion or to the. .State than to upset, hy constitutional means, a system which, whilst it is a crying injustice to themselves, promises to be a source of incalcula ble evil to the colony. Let them, moreover, warn parents, who, through a spirit of indiffer ence or word]:ness, are exposing their children to proximate danger ol perversion and of ruin, that they are tempting the anger of the Almighty God; and that they are jeopardising the faith, the morality, the eternal happiness of those who are too young to help themselves, and who have been coil filled by Nature itself to their guardian ship and protection. Let them often remind the people that they are gravely responsible if they give encouragement to such schools, for, by'so doing, they arc helping to perpetuate a great evil, and are standing as obstacles in the way of Christian men who are bent on bringing about a change. Lot one and all remember what their fathers of old suflorcd for the la.ith, and let them not show themselves unworthy of their own flesh and blood—flesh which was freely wounded, and blood which was freely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or coinjjrorni.se Christian faith, AA’e are profoundly conscious that a latent sense of fair-play exists in the community at large. Let all Catholics unite in bringing before the minds of their fellow-electors, and their re presentatives in Parliament these two facts : first, that Catholics have to pay for schools which they cannot safely use, and which they consider an evil to the country ; and, secondly, that whilst they are thus made to pay, no equal provision has been made for them. Lot the country fully comprehend our grievances, and a sense of common, even- handed justice will assist us in working out a remedy. Would secularists hold their peace if, without equal provision being made for them, public treasure were lavished on Catholic Orammar Schools, and Catholic Primary Schools, whilst L’ToOO were; spent on the training of hoys, exclusively from Catholic institutions? Would they not hold that they were being treated with extraordinary injustice and unfairness ? And would not the win dc world agree with them ? It will he urged that the State leaves religion to parents and priests, and lays claim to instruct children in secular matters only. True, the State does not, and cannot claim a commission to educate. It is the bounden duty of the State to protect, not to usurp the moral duties of its members. All Christian lathers and mothers are required by the natural and divine law to give their children a Christian education. The State lias no power or com mission to usurp the parental rights, and to compel parents to violate their conscience by sending their children to schools where an alien religion or no religion at all is taugl.it. I'o do so would he to indulge in the most cruel form of religious persecution. The State has no rights higher or more; sacred than those of parents. Nor does the authority of the Church cross or thwart the natural rights and duties of parents : its commission is to see that those lights are not invaded, and that those duties are oerformed. Thu Catholic Church condemns godless schools and secularist education because they are solvents of Christianity; and tend to wards depriving Christian children of priceless treasure. And no man can he a sound Catholic and support that which the Church condemns. The State may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the secularist system is not adverse to Christianity and to the Catholic religion. P>ut, in matters of religion, are Catholics to be guided by the world or by the Church? Poes not the Church know her own true interests best ? Has not she had experience of centuries, in point of time ; and all over the world in point of space ? Arc not her professed oppo nents on tli0! side of secularist education ; and do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian side ? And to come to facts, lias the secularist system, so far as it lias gone, fos tered and developed a Christian spirit ? lias not the Catholic episcopate, in various quarters of the world, found that its direct tendency is to quench such a spirit ? What is onr own ex perience*, and that of the Catholic clergy in this colony? To their shame, it must he said, some of our people do send their children to public schools. What is the deliberate conclusion we have arrived at with regard to such children ? That there is a marked diUVrence between them and children who have been educated in Catho lic schools. Their faith is visibly .enfeebled, not to allude, to their morality : their larmiers are rough and irrevalent : they have little sense of respect and gentleness : they have no attraction for prayer or for the. Sacraments ; and promise to .swell a class which is already too large in number. Our clergy look on the future of smcli wild, uncurbed children with grave misgivings. If m ,-uiv country m the worm signs me Doing held out on every side of the necessity ol an especial school lor self- control, reverence, piety, purity, obedience, faith, it is in Australia. 11' in any country Catholic children ivpibroa strong Catholic education, it is hero. At home the ancient traditions and monuments of piety and reverence, a large stall of clergy, a ( atholic public opinion, with many other external helps, assist in the training up of the young in a Chris tian spirit ; hut here., where all is new, the clergy few, the population small and scattered, and the external helps wanting', it is most dilh cult, with the host ellorts ol tno host < a,tin die training, to rear up the children to Christian piety, ami with thorough < ‘atholic instincts. 1 low ruinous, there lore, is it not, to east ( hris tiivnity out of the schools, and to coniine it to a Sunday eateehism-elass, under such circum stances as these. The onlv fair chance for Catholic children turning out Catholic men anil women in this colony is for them to he most eaivinlly and con scientiously taught their religion hy their parents from their earliest years ; and then for them to he sent to thorough Catholic schools, where the homo teaching is continued, and the. mind and heart and conscience and senses of the children are impregnated with ('atholic in stincts, and moulded upon (.'atholic truth. It may l»e interjected that some Catholics no not disapprove of public schools, for a certain number of Catholic children are going to them. Wo reply : Because -a certain number of Catho lics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not condemn what is wrong, and teach them what is right. \\\ e declaim against and condemn intemperance, and we declaim again.-t and condemn secularist education ; and we are led to do so all the more strenou.-ly ru propor tion as we are inclined to fear that Catholics are bogining to feel less and less horror at drunkenness and infidelity. The Church is not ruled or guided hy the practices or corrupt views of bad, or indifferent., or ignorant Catho lics ; but by by the successor of St. 'deter, and the bishops of the Church who are in communion with him. So long as Catholics obey, in faith and in morals, the voice that speaks with this authority they will he safe ; to listen to. and follow, in such matters, any other voice, is to plunge into darkness, and, finally, to make shipwreck of the faith. What, then, are our practical recommenda tions?— I. — First, let all parents love their children’s souls as the apple of their eye. Let them hear in mind their grave responsibility in the sight of (tod with regard to the Catholic education of their children. Let parents, from their children’s earliest years, teach them to pray ; and, until they are fit for school, exercise them in Catholic practices, and fill them with Catholic thoughts, and foster within them Catholic instincts, and hy example as well as word, systematically mould them to piety, faith, purity, love and reverence. Let all parents look upon careless ness or neglect in these duties as matter for confession, and as a cause for grave spiritual alarm. II. —Secondly, let parents send their children, when of fit age, exclusively to Catholic schools. Let them regard all other school -: as no places for their children, who have to learn, before everything else, to save their souls ; and who should he sedulously prepared by breathing a Catholic atmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers and companions, and by an exclusively Catholic training, for encountering the perils of the world into which they will eventually he thrown. HI.—Thirdly, let all Catholic parents know that they cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in proximate danger of perver sion. Let them hear in mind that to do so is to set at defiance the teachings of the Catholic Church ; and that, unless there be exceptional reasons, and the danger be remote, of which things the Church is the judge, no confessor can .absolve such parents as arc willing to expose their children's souls to the blighting influences of an alien creed or a secularist system. IV'. —Fourthly, let those who arc so unhappy as to he sending their children at the present moment to public schools, withdraw them as soon as possible. Let them examine their children's religious instincts and moral condi tian : and if, as is to lie expected, they Ibid faith and morals weakened, ami the germs of lawless ness apparent, then let them, wi th great anxiety, do all they can to redeem the time and to remedy the evil. Let them especially prepare such children for the Sacraments, teach them to hear Mass devoutly, to say their morn ing and night prayers punctually, to make our Lord their model, to pray to our Blessed Lady, to love the Holy See, and to he obedient, docile, and reverential to all who arc placed over them. Ah—Fifthly, let the clergy make such instruc tions as these the frequent subject of their ser mons and their private exhortations ; and let them not weary till godless and non-( 'atholic schools have been cleared of Catholic children ; and until all the (‘atlmlic children in the district are receiving a sound Catholic education. VI.—Sixthly, lot Bishops, priests, and people do all that lies in them, if nsees.-ary at personal sacrifice, to render their • • rvscsnt-ehools a.s elliei ent in every way a.s possible : so as to he equal in secular instruction to nmi-Catholic schools, whilst they surpass them in the genuine educa tion of the will, of the conscience, and the t [' nif of nal 1st strength < unite as one jtiniato, yet in the ri^'lit s with their • ltioii or —ibe s r a]i])i'( iprovis affairs ? Ca H'oi-t of schools ■, nor make use i has been made VI I.--Seventh', and 1 oning 'what they have, It man, and insist, hv me persevering and earnest direction, upon their ■. fellow' tax-payers. What is the present tin dies arc paying mi which they ran neitlie of, whilst no analagom for thorn. Wo may he mot witli the cry of the ‘ religious diliicultv." We admit the religious difficulty ; hut tint diflieulty is aggravated, not solved or mitigated, hy acts of extraordinary unfairness to a large section of the community. The “religious diflieulty” exists in Ireland, and still more in England. lint whilst the Catholics of Ireland are receiving a larger share of justice as days go hy, the Catholics of the colony are receiving a less and loss' share of jus tice. ' Whilst the small Catholic minority in Eindand is rejoicing:, with regard to education, and even-handed justice, we, here, are retrograd in-r and are aggravating that oiie-sideduess and unfairness Itv.m which the hroad spirit of a growing liberality has set I’roiestant-England free. Why should the klotlwr-Country hold a monorail v of even-hamUs lues ; 1 Why should not we walk in the hroad fooipath ol her legis lation on this question great state.-men how t pan diflieulty” hy the Britis; And how can this p applied 'Hie answer 1’ayments hy iieuills -.n just and galling svC.-i method, wheat no creed. ... - , tion of the community receives equal assistance with the other, according to ascertained results tils learn from her “the religious j;i of fair play ? of fair-play he ole. Introduce flic present un cording to this doidized, each see (liy Oovornmcnt inspection) of secular teaching. Thus the common funds are made use of for what all admit to be a common good. Thus no one can complain. The secularist sect, in deed, would be deprived of a nionoply ; but, then, a wide-spread irritation, springing from a cruel wrong, would give way to happiness and peace throughout the colony. Neither ('atholio nor I’rotestant would be called upon to support creeds which they condemn ; nor would large annual grants of money be lavished upon one section of (he community to the exclusion of another. There would be one law of fair-play and no favouring, for all. Those who were, equally taxed would be equally treated. Is not this a broad, an intelligent platform, upon which every just and honest man would naturally take his stand ? If there be a wide-spread sense of justice in the laud, as we believe there is Is thmv imt some power amongst us that will rouse it into action ? We recommend those interested in this sub ject to study the Intermediate Mducatimi bill for Ireland : tlm Klemeutary Kducation Act for Kngland and Wales, with tlm New ('ode of Jlcgiilat ions ; and Sir John O'Shanassyts bill to further amend the law relating to eduea In matters of vital importance! and common justice he 1 f mcasii res generally tu rn out m iserable and cow ardly failures. 11 it Im worth w Idle for the ('at Imlic body to assert its rights at all, it is worthwhile for it to assert its full and entire rights. I.of ii-:,all realise this fact: and then we shall imt. he content t ill our present, humi liating position is exchanged for one of fairness ami equality. If is a ere,-it cause which we have in hand, nothing less than keeping alive, in its integrity, in our adopted lamb the religion of Jesus ('hrisf, and thus far securing the salvation of souls, as well as the future greatness ot the Let ( 'at holies rouse f heinselves up to a sense of t heir responsibilit ies ; hd tlmm bring legiti mate pre-cure to bear in the right quarter ; and never ecu.- e, in their persevering, their organised import unit v, until limy have obtained those rights which im man em refuse them without self-evident injustice. Itearlv beloved, “ Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, do manfully, and he strengthened. ” (I ('or., xvi., I.'l.) “ Loop the unity of the Spirit in the homl of peace ; one body, one Spirit, as you arc called in one hope of your calling; one Lord, oim baitli, one baptism; One (did and bather of all, who is above all, and Ihroirdi all, and in us alb (b,jibes, iv., .'hd.) May tin- <iod of piaee Himself sanctify you in all things : llisl your whole spirit, and soul, and body, may bo preserved blameless in the romiii'i of mir herd .1 o ns ('hrist. (Thess. v., (liven at our meeting, in Sydney, June, IST'J, ami ordered to Im read in all the < 'hurehes a,ml ( 'h.apels on Sunday. | l!( 1(1 I'll’ bbbb, ,\rohbisliop ol Sydney. t MATTlibW, Id' Imp ,,f bat Imrst. t .1 A M b,S, bishop ol Maitland. t W M . LI A M , I lislrtp of (Ion llmrn. 