, A REMARKABLE MEMORIAL TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERO [TRY, Sir,-I have been " interviewed, " and requested by a deputation of what I presume I must call "gentlemen," whose names appear in the annexed document, to present that document to you, in the hope that, with your usual public spirit, you will take the side of the oppressed, and bring their grievances before the public. The "deputation" desire me to say that they would have called upon you in person, were it not that they feared the visit might prove rather too sensational. Moreover, one of the deputation, at least, would have some difficulty in"gottingup stairs." I am, Sir, etc., YOUR NORTHERN CORRESPONDENT. To the Members of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Tasmania. The humble memorial of the undersigned delegates from three colonies of Australia, humbly sheweth 1st That your memorialists are three rams and a bull, assembled fromtholocalitieshoreinafteruamod, who have been chosen to represent the grievances of their respective species to your honourable body; having failed to obtain justice, or even the slightest manifestation of common humanity, on the Continent of Australia. 2nd. That your memorialists, in conjunction with the horse and the ass, are the only animals of any note whose potent each other (your own honourable body not excepted), on which subject we beseech your honourable body to read the remarkable Arabic legend named "Ikhwáii-oo-Suffa," which has been so meanly plagiarized by Capt. Marryatt, Douglas Jerrold, and that distinguished individual, G. W. M. Reynolds ! 3rd. That the cruelties practised upon your humble Memorialists in New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia, are without a parallel on the face of the earth ! 4th. That the much vaunted wool trade of Australia is founded upon gross iniquity, cruelty and injustice and that, so far from the proverb being verified of, " great cry, little wool 1 " it is, without doubt, great cry, much wool " " But how is the wool obtained ? Wo Rams (and an intelligent and liberal minded Bull) beg to point out some of the rain "-imitations of this very painful subject. 5\. That the Squatters and great sheep-owners, actuated by a spirit of greed, gain, and gross inhumanity, keep more sheep than their land can support, thereby, at certain seasons of the year, covering their " runs " with thousands of carcases, which have perched for want of food and want of water. 6th. That mobs " of us, consisting of from 1,000 to 12,000, are driven along the roads in Victoria, in the hottest season of the year, when there is not a blade of edible grass to be seen. That our very skins are black with internal disease that our bones are protruding that we "feed " on dry sticks, dirt and gum-leaves that we are worried with dogs, and dying of thirst. 7th. That our owners have imitated the grand military tactics of General Grant at Richmond (or else that great General imitated their tactics 1) by slaughtering na it were-permitting perish of want at all events, scores of hecatombs of sheep remorse- lessly, in order to benefit by the remnant ! Sth. That the scenes in the shearing sheds are indescribably shocking, beyond anything in the much-abused army or navy, for ribaldry, blasphemy, cruelty, and indecency and that missionaries and philanthropists should devote their time and attention to these " Christian " brethren, instead of to the natives of Fiji, Timbuctoo, and the Tonga Islands ; which natives would blush with shame, were they to witness our sufferings, and listen to our "Christian" shearers' language. 9th. That it is to the interest of the squatters and sheepowners to got the work done as expeditiously as possible, which induces some human brute beasts to boast that they " can shear 40 sheep before breakfast !" which assertion implies the fact that they can skilfully cut pieces of skin, and even flesh, out with the wool, till our bodies are literally spotted with cruel and painful wounds. 10th. That we humbly and earnestly pray to your God, who is also our God, that the "Good Shop, bord," who was Himself led as a lamb to the slaughter; and who, "as a sheep before his shearer was dumb," would take pity upon us, the most meek, miserable, and mocked of all living creatures and lead us, indeed, to he down in green pastures and beside the still waters; where the voice of inhumanity and the hand of cruelty could no longer reach us. 11th. That we submit to your honourable body the following cutting from a newspaper being only one out of many which appear every season censor five months we have not had rain to any extent so as to be of much advantage, at least to this portion of the colony. Sheep are dying in hundreds, cattle in plunging into old shafts and slimy mud holes in search of water and it is nothing now to see different parties of neighbours within a few hundred yards of each other, with ropes and marlin' spikes, trying to drag cows from out of the old shafts into which they had plunged in search of water." 12th. That there are people now alive who call Victoria a "glorious" colony. 13th. That we behold, with wonder, the infatu- ation of a young colony like Victoria, aping the appearance of nationS " whose flags have braved a thousand years, the battle and the breeze," by holding an international exhibition, when they have neither roads nor water ; when their cattle and sheep have to be driven 12-nay, 20 miles to water ; the spirited " emulation " of this road loss, water- less, pasture loss young colony, reminding us Rams forcibly of a youth of 14 with a stand-up collar and a brown hat ; " or little Tony Weller who, when he sat in a large arm chair by the table, ordered a pot of beer, stuck a long pipe in his mouth, placed old Willera' hat upon his head, and said [a la Victoria) " new I'm Grandfather I " 14\. That though men are fond of asserting that "God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb, man stops in between the lamb and his Maker, cuts skin and wool out together, and thus turns him out on a bitter cold night to perish. Apropos, to which we beg to append the following remarks of Dr. Paley, for we are rams who have read a little Dr. Paley says that the human animal is the only one which can clothe itself. This is one of the properties which render him an animal of all climates and of all seasons. He can adapt the warmth or lightness of his covering to the temperature of his habitation, and he been born with a fleece upon his back, although he might have been comforted by its warmth in high latitudes, it would have oppressed him by its weight, and heat, as the species spread towards the Equator." 15th, Finally, that there were godly people in England both before and during the American Civil War, who declared that they would wear no cotton fabric whatever, the materials for the making of which were obtained by slave labour- and was three rams (and our friend the liberal-minded bull) re member told, how, after the distress caused by the American War and the stoppage of the mills, on the arrival of the first supply of cotton, some women of Lancashire knelt down by the first ball in tho middle of the road, with their husbands and their little ones and with tears of joy and gratitude, sang, as best they could " Praise God, from whom all blessings flow, Praise Him all creatures here below ; , Praise J him above, ye Heavenly Host, Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost I" There is one of the grandest historical pictures that poet or painter ever contemplated. But where is now the philanthropist in England or elsewhere, who will refuse to wear woollen garments, the materials for which have been obtained by cruelty and greed ? We would feel grateful to your honourable body if you drew attention to our sad case; and your memorialists, as in duty bound, will over pray, and wish you all a hearty " Ram ! Ram !" (Signed) John Bell, of Buln Buln, Victoria. Ram Boss, of Ramnuggur, South Australia. ItAM aoni: joyi'OL, of " Ramsgate Villa,' . Horsham, Victoria. Ham Smith, of Woolloomooloo! N.S. Wales. 