PARLIAMENTARY. Brisbane, Thursday, 10.10 p.m. In tho Assembly, Mr. Dickson tried to olioit an explanation from Mr. Palmer conooraing tho dismissal of Mr. F. J. Sachs from tho Commis sion of tho Poaeo" for assaulting' Mr, Sharkoy at Townsvillo. Mr. Palmar said ho aoted only on the depo sitions taken in this oase. During the second reading of tho Fortitude Yulloy Additional Mombor Bill, whioh was in- trodnood by Mr. Boattio, for tho parposo of providing an additional mombor for that elcotorato, Mr. Beattio mado out a good caso, Tho Premier oxoasod opposition to tho Bill boing road on the ground that it made tho Bubject a party qneBtion. This was denied by the Opposition, Tho motion was ultimately lost by ID to 22. Tho sooond reading of Mr. John Stephenson's Travelling Sheop Bill, whioh was introduced to rostriot " grass piraoy," was postponed. The Manning's Retirement Bill, tho objoot of whioh was to repoal tho Aot providing for tho pension of Mr. A. W. Manning, formorly Under Colonial Soorotary, was withdrawn; Mr. Moston, upon withdrawing it, stated that ho had reooivod communications affording good reason for so doing. Tho following Bills were disonssod : — Mr- Mackay's Patents Bill, whioh was postponed > the Bill relating to Life Insurance, which w»s road a first timo ; as waB also the Bill to amond tho Constitution Aot of 1874. Tho Houso adjourned at 10 o'elook. Police Court — Thoro was a oloau Bhoot at this oourt yosterday. Theatre Royal.— Mr. Mortyne's benefit | oame off list night, and was a dooidod sneoess. Tho play solootod— " London Assuranoe "—was very fairly represented. The strength of the dialogue, and situation was suflloiont to oarry it through, indopendont of oven indifferent oting, and the applanso from tho rising of the onrtain to its fall was unremitting and genoral. Brilliant wit, saroasm, and sentiment flashed through every lino of it like sheet lightning, and the aotors had only to parrot their parts to seouro a- round' of applanso. With the oxcoption of Miss Stephonson, whoBO Lady Gay 8piinkor, though badly drossod (for. ladioB of the 19th Oontury,. don't hunt in yellow silk robes «nd shoes) was particularly, where she desoribes tho ohu8e,.u spirited and finished performance,; tho performers played with ill snocoas. Tho pieoo was scarcely within the compass of tho aotora. Mr. Hesford's, Sir Haroourt, was defioiont in that high bred oonrtly ease, and lofty unoonsoioiis air of superiority, whioh belongs to the oharaoter ; it wanted brooding, Mr. Mortyno's Dozzlo looked that air of easy, assurranoo and gontlomanly saampishnesB in separable from tho author's aonooption of the oharaotor ; besides in tho got up ho was terribly defioiont in toilet. Light oomedy oharaotors Bhould bo well drossod— it is astonishing how muoh tho tailor has to do with their suoooss, and none knew thiB bottor than that prinoe of droBses, tho late Oharios Matthews. Miss Rogers mado a fair Grace Harkaway, but lost maoy of hor best points through want - of familiarity with hor toxt. by gabbling instead of-Bpoaking tho lines entrusted to hor; while Mr. O'Brien's "Oqol" was simply boyond oritioism— but, wo think that somobody ought to toll him that servants don't gonorally wear their hats on in thoir master's presonoo, or in drawing rooms ; at least, in England. We must, howovor, oompliment Mr. J. A. Paterson upon his Oharios -Courtloy, whioh ho played with remarkable spirit uud judgment— it was a happy oonooption of tho oharaoter, and by far tho host performanao of tho evening. Miss Patty Holt was, of oonrsa, good as Port ; suoh personalities aro to her specialities. At tho oonolusion of tho play, Mr. Mortyne appropriately thanked tho audionoo for their attondauoe, after which Mr. and Mrs. Taylor gave u performance,. on the skates; bat owing. w ma liKonosa oi wo nour at wmon tno enter tainment torminntod, wo are oompolled to ourtail our notioe, The skating was porfeotlon —tho graoo aplomb and case with whioh both Mr. and Mrs. .Taylor performed thoir vurions evolutions was somothing wondorful, consider ing tho unovon state 'of tho stage. As for tho manuor in whioh Mr. Taylor wielded tho olabs, wo cannot un&ortako; ' to dosoribe it, as.it beggars desoriptiqn. Tho porformanoe gave but a slight idei' of what tho Champion Skater and his graooful partner oan do, bnt wo shall havo an opportunity to-night of, wo havo no doubt, ondorsiug itho praisos whioh havo boon so laviBlily showorod upon tho King and Quoon of Skaters. School of Arts.— Tho entertainment last night, whioh was givou in aid of tho Ohuroh of of England building fund, drow, although thoro was no ordinary attraction at the Theatre, a large and fashionable audionoo. Judging by tho almost uninterrupted applause whioh attended the performance throughout, the " Ghost" has lost none of its attractions. Miss Violet Rose was encored, and deservedly, in 'Come, Birdie, Oomo," as she rondorod it with great tasto and swootnoss. Mr. J. Down wae. also exoeodingly happy iu his soleotionB, and tho audienco woro not satisfied nntil ho oon- sauted to obligo them again. Tho faroe elicited roars of laughter, and every one present appeared to bo thoroughly dolightod, A com plimentary bonefit will be tendered this evening to Mias Violet Roso and Mr. J, Down, and it is to bo hoped that a bumper house will greet the benefioiares. The Immigrants. — Tho new arrivals are gruuuuuy guiug uu ; uesiaos cnOBQ lOrmaliyOU- gaged in tbo depot, a largo number havo found engagements for themsolvea, othors havo gone south to Brisbano, and Maryborough. There are now about 115 single men, 23 married couples, and 28 single women romamlng in tho depot. Central Railway.— Tho following aro tho traffic oarnings on tho Control Railway for tho wcok ending Juno 7, and for tho corres ponding wook' of last yoar Passenger faros £188 12s. Od. ; corresponding wook last yoar, £242 lis. 7d. ; deoroaso, £53 19s. 7d. OoodB and Livo stook, £665 6s. 2d. ; corresponding wook last year, £575 lis. 4d.; decrease, £10 13s. 2d. ; Farools and miscollanoouB, £46 16s. 6d. ; corres ponding wook last your, £46 12s. 4d.; decreaso, £40 12s, 4d. Total, £798 12s. 7d; corresponding total last.,yqar,. £865 Eb.'-'Sd. Total decrease,' £66 9s. 8d. Tho v (etui traffic earnings during tho year up to data woro £22,474 18s 5d.,Bliowing an incroasqpn tho oorrosponding poriod of last year of £457 18s. Id. Lhadbbship in Parliament— Tho Telegraph of the 13th iustant has tho following on tho defootB of the prosont Parliament. Mr. M'll- wraith has from tho first Bhown a want of taot ; Mr. Palmer loses his tomper as easily m vi juiu 9 a uuu n |iuuuunu as 1u1» audud9 iii possession of a portfolio is almost inoonceiv- ablo. If we turn to tho othor sido, we onnnot find that Mr Griffith, after a month's trial, has given promise of great things. Doubtless ho wouldiprovo a remarkable exception to the general rulo if ho aohioved any striking measure of sneoess in his new capaoity. Lawyers, as is notorious, seldom rise to tho first plaoe in politics. Tlio habits aoquirod by a life time spont in oourt and in ohambors aro antagonistic to tho qualities needed for tho mausgemont of legislative assemblies. Mr. Griffith, as a general politician, has undoubted" ly achieved suceosa far beyond the average of lawyers, and therefore gave rise to high hopes as to hit sucoeBs in the first position. Tho Colonial Seoretary has described the Opposition leader's style of orlticism as "carping." We are not inoliuod to concur with an expression whioh implios a defect of charaotor, since we are oonviuoed that - the peculiarities of Mr. Griffith's leadership arise from habit. His style in the House is foreoBio. He oanuot rid himself of tho impression that the ministerial parly aro a hostile witnoBs, and that it ia hie duty to oross- examino them, to " turn them inside out," and to " get as muoh out of them" as he possibly oan. Nox Gnow a Oaduaob.— The popular fallaoy that Queensland cannot grow a oabbago has its answor in the following, from the Western Star : — Our Celestial friends aro, wo hear, rapidly making a fortune just now ont of thoir Irish apples. It is estimated that in the gardens at Chinatown and tho lowor end of M' owall-streot thero'.arq ready for raising at least 200 tons of, roaliy splondid " spuds" — each a orop, in taot, as wasinover approaolied before in Roma. Tho other day an order was receivod by ono of thorn to forward a consign ment of 40 tons at 14s. per owt to Tambo, and tho teams started thitnor on Monday. This is highly encouraging to the Bottlers of tho distriot, and shonld provo a Btrong inducement to them to mako a fair offort at cultivation before sitting down to euok thoir thumbs and soliloquiso over tho ill-founded idoa that the oountry is 'fit only for poBteral purposes. Petty Debts Court.— Tho sittings of this oourt woro resumed ' yeBterday, whon the oaBe; of Henrioh Shubouhsu |v. August Jonson, wng concluded by a verdlot being "entered for the. plaintiff for £6 2s, 4d, ' Spurious Philanthophy— The Burnett Neme vory properly observes « A doal bns been said and written about tho sentence oi doath passed upon the two eonviotB In Sydney, Metoalf nnd Wilkinson. These two blaokguards oommitted an offonoo ffor whioh tho penalty is vory justly —death) npon a girl of eightoon years of ago in Sydney, under peculiarly aggravatodoireutn- stanoos, Tho ono is 21 yours old, the other about 16, The ease was olearly proved, and was premeditated, I boliovo, and the judge held out no hope of meroy. Now, there is a blaok- foliow named Alfred, obargod with the same' offence, lying in the'gaol at Sydney, who, by the time this appears iu tho Neivs, will have undergone tho extreme penalty of the law. A great ory has been liaised about Metoalf and Wilkinson having boon sontouood to death, and petitions have boon sent in wholesale to tbeLxooutivo. Counoil, of New South Wales, on the plea of the youth of the two white men. A great fuBs has been made, and an opon-eir meeting has been hold while all sorts of non. sonso is talked about it boing suoh a sliamo to' put those "lads" to death for tho crime. I say that if a man docs not know right from wrong at 21 years of ago, ho nevor will, and in my privato opinion, thvro is nothing to say in their dofenoo. But it is not on this subjeot I wish to dwell. Thoro is another way of looking at it. If Bo inuoh agitation is mado ovor the white man, why should tho blaok man Alfrod be mado to suffer, when in reality ho is not so muoh to blame as his fallow-prisoners. For this reason— he is most probably unaware of the enormity of his offenoo and the- penalty attached theroto, while the others are brought up in the fall knowledge of those facts, I know it is stupid of mo to raiso suoh a stupid quostion, and as a blaokfoliow has, of couriet no sonl, it does not mnoh matter, but still to my primitive mind, it seems rather an anomaly' My maxim is— what is good for tho gooBO is good for the gander; if Altred deserves hanging, surely Motoalf and Wil kinson deservo, if possible, a littlo > more.' We oordially ondorso every word of tho above. iv o hi w saw c IVBO ww uuiiuiatnuu KJ7UU WUttw . grounds the ssntenee originally passed on these two men, who oommitted an aot far worse, in oar minds, than murdor, was commuted to imprisonment for life, or in othor words being well fed, well housed, and carefully tondod for tho next twblve yours ; for it is only too well known that there ia no suoh thing - as imprison ment for life in any English or Oblonial gaol. We submit' that those apurioua philanthropists, who expended their ill-direotod sympathy, oondoued tho orime and aro guilty of the oon- eequonaos that aro certain to ensuo from this oriminal oxoroiso of mistaken loniouoy. While there's lifo thoro's liopo ; and now that the extreme penalty of tho law ie romovod, the commission of the orimo, for whioh Motoalf and Wilkinson wore punished will loss half its terrors. In Germany and Switzerland tha doath penalty was abolished, but the alarming- increasoof oapital offences has so muoh in- oreaBed, that tbo Governments of the two eonntrios have been compelled to revert to the original law. Wo are only surprised that murder waejuot resorted too to hide thedeod. But how parents, who havo only to mako the oase thoir own, bring it in faot to their own doors, could have signed a potitioa for the commutation of a sentenoo so righteously deserved is to us monstrous. Ed. iVi A. Grammar School.— "A Grammar Sohool Subscriber," whoso letter appeared in our issue of yesterday, informs us that he has heard a report iu town to tho effoot that the trustees of tho proposod grammar sohool have determined not to receive boys undor tho ago of twolvo yoars. We havo hoard the same our- DOATVOj WWW akVBUUSU Oltguw 4Ui|lwl VltUUO tu ill) beoauso trustees havo not the powor of making suoli a law. It is out of their proviuoo alto gether, and if they had the right, and cxoroiBod it, the restriction would bo as absurd ub it they wore to legislate against a boy attending in corduroy trousors or eating plum oake for lunob. Iu no publio sohool in England, and, so far as wo are awaro,' in tho colonies, is suoh a thiog attempted . Boys aro admitted to Eton, Harrow, Morohant Taylor's, St. Paul's, and othor public sohools, whon they. aro eight and nine yoars of age, and' even younger; uud, if tho .trustees , of .our sohool attempt to create a procodont, by making tho ago of . admittance twelve, thoy will have tho town np in arms against thorn, and will materially injure tho -prospacts of tha sohool. Thoro must bo lower, us wall ns upper forms ; little boys, as well as big boys. A oouraoof education beginning at tho root, thonoe upwards, will bo laid down. A grammar sohool is an Momentary and finishing sohool for 'ho many, and a stoppiug-stouo to tho univer sity for the few ; therefore, it should bo the objeot of tho trustees to induoo paronts to sond thoir children to it at as early au ago as posBiDio, anu uuc iu suut us uoors agains- pupils who, by having a good foundation laid, would roudor thoir own work, nnd that of uppor masters, loss laborious, llowovor, our correspondent may mako himself porfeatly oasy upon the point ; for, if wo mistake not, judging by the way the subscriptions aro ooming in, his son will bo fully old enough to outor the sohool long before it is ereoted— even assuming tho twelvo-year-old entry bo odopted.- Petty Thieves.— Frequent droppings wear away the hardest stones — aoting upon th faith of the oorrectnesB of tho old proverb, w again rofer to tho namoruus potty robborios oommitted in tho town, by those who aro sufficiently well up in their business to koop out of the hands of tho polioo. The outskirts of the town, and tho north side of the Fitzroy are tho private hunting grounds of thcBO Jaok Shoppards' in embryo; thoy know that tho police soldom visit tho former, and that thoro is but ono constable ia tho latter, and thoy oarry ou thoir littlo gamoB with an impunity, whioh oncouragos thom to persovere in thorn, Gardonors ou both sides of tho river assort that their fruit, vogotablos, and flowors, vanish as if by magic. Heu roostB aro muoh iu favor, and eggs aro looked npon ns fair and -legitimate booty. Fences, whon tho owuors of laud ore absent, aro oarried off wholosalo. We hav0 scon paddooks whioh woro a few months sinoo woll nud soourely fonoed, strippod oi overy foot of wood, save and oxcept where some obstinate post wouldn't bo polled up. We kuow a neighbourbod whoro it is impossible to koop a Rtook of firewood. If it is out pp and split, it is stolon in epit'o of dogs and earcful watching ; and although it iB woll known whoro it goes to, till tho difficulty is to oatoli, in the faot,. tho miserable reptiles, who aro too lazy to ont wood for thomsolvos. Horse planting has also booomo a favorite amusement— as has also taking down slip rails, letting out oattlo, and introduoing others iu their plaoes. Things are boaoming vory unoomfortaula — and crur poliae must keep a sharp look out— if thoy do not people will take tho law into their own hands, Pabbot. Talk.— Mr. H. N. Mololsoy, the !haturifiUt'of the Challenger expedition, in hlfc recently published notes of the voyago gives an , interesting account of a parrot on board' the ship. ; Tho parrot hoard a great deal of talk about tho sounding constantly going on, nnd probably somothing oIbo about tho priuoipul thoorioB in regard to oaeaa depths an 3 ourronts ; and ho had loarnod to sny : ' What I two thousand fathoms and nd bottom I Ob, Dr. Carpenter, F.R.8." This remark aoqms to havo beongroatly onjoyod by tin ship's oompany. Confessions by a Mumbiier.— An inquiry Into tho death of n woman nntned Lnoy Dor- riok, supposed to havo boon murdored iu Glou- ooBtorshiro, has resulted iu u vordiot of " Wilful Murdor" nguinst a man namod Edward Saun ders, Lloyd's News says: — 11 This man has made statements to tho polioo, showing a disregard of human lifo probably unparalleled in the annals of orimo. His only reason for tho murdor, ho sayi, was that ho was tired of hiB life. He loft his uuolo's aotermined to murder somobody; no matter whom. Ho made three attemps to oarry ont hie parposo, andsaooeedod in the last. Boforo leaving Bristol1' he oallod at the house of a . poor woman in Gloucester- ltI06t( &U;(1 ABKQCt IOP £» QnDK ,OI WabGr VYulIG she was gone to fotch it ho took out the hammer, intending to fell her, and afterwards oat hor throat, bui boforo she roturned sovoral littlo ohildrou had gatberod round tho door, and be was then disoonaorted. Ho then walked to Thornbnry, whore he saw two of tho chil dren of Mr. Stafford Howard, M.P., standing oatsido tho gate of their residonoo, Tliornbury, oaatlo. He mado up his mind to mardor them in the samo way ; but, as ho was Hearing thom, somo people enme in sight and ho walked on. Soon afterwards hb met Lnoy Derrick, or,, rather, bo eleokanod bis paoo in order that sho might ovortake him. The surgeon fouud five oontused wounds on her head, and tho tnusoles of her neck and windpipe wore completely soveroil. Mr, Cox, comraoroinl traveller, who first came upon tho soono, asked tbo prisoner what he had dono, and ho. replied, Murdored a- woman. -Mr. Oox, askod him why, and ho said 1 ho did not kuow. ' "Whou Polioo Con stable Oritohloy drovo up to apprehend him, and was getting down, tho prisoner said ho need not trouble, ho would get up ; uud he did, aud oneo beginning a conversation about tbo dccoascd, asking tho officer if ho know her, and thou descanting on tho qualities of the horso. Tho prisoner's mother oooupios a decent position at Brighton, whoro sho hoops a lodging-houso, and her husband, who is not tbo prisonor's father, is houso-stoward in a goad family. Tito prisoner doos not scorn to fool his position in tho loast. " 