THE PEOPLE AND THE POLICE. Everything seems to be very simple when it is done. People would think nothing of even Pepper's wonderful ghosts if they know the secret of the illusions. Before Lowe and Bray were caught a good deal of anxiety was felt about the identity and iho whereabouts of those worthies. If not the Kollys, or in any way connected with that gang, they wcro thought to be a couple of clovor villains, who would not very easily be brought to justice. Now that they have been captured one hears it said—" Oil, it was nothing." Let us con sider, however, what might liavo been the consequences if they had escaped detection even for a few days longer. Tho probability is that Lowe, at any rate, would have com mitted some horrible atrocity, for the man is a thorough ruflian in grain, and his ovil nature was being aggravated by drink. His wifo and family, and soma others rosiding in the locality from which he tied, were in fear of their lives from his violence, and as he was wending his way in that direc tion, when iie was fortunately apprehended, it is likely enough those persons would have received a visit from him. Both they and tho community at large are to bo congratu lated 011 the fact that ho is in safe keeping from which lie will have very little chance of emerging for a very considerable time, if ever lie docs. Now, it seems to some to have been a very easy tiling iq lay hold of these men. If they had not been drinking so hard tljey would have been more cautious. But even as it was they might have slipped through the fingers of the police, and evaded detection for some time, but for the prompt action of the cabman Collard, and also for t::e information given by Mr. Ross, of the New Lead Store. The moral we wish to draw is that it is always of tiie utmost importance that early communication should bo made to the polico of any intelligence possessed by private persons with regard to the movements of known or suspected criminals. As to the alleged simplicity of the capture^ we have shown bofore that the plans of the police were laid with the utmost skilfulness, and too much praise cannot be given to Sergeant Webb and Detective Hartney, who devised the scheme whereby the scoundrels were vetted very shortly after their appearance in tins district, and wo must take the oppor tunity of repeating the hope that the Go vernment jyill favorably consider Mr. Casey's recommondation of tlie just claim of those engaged in the apprehension to some sub BtantiSl recognition of their services. It should be remembered that the hunt after the Kellys has cost the country about £20,000, and although Lowe and Bray might jaavo been eventually rim down at a much .smaller c<?st; their early capture has certainly saved the country sgme expense. In leaving this subject for the present^ we have to ex press a feoling of gratification at the manner in which the two branches of the police force £n this district worked together in this in stance, and a hope that the same unity will prevail, as we aro quits aware it has not always done, between tliem elsewhere, on all future occasions. Supplement.—A ^upplemqut is: published with this morning's issue. Death: in THE Hospital.—Mary Peterson, aged 34, who was admitted on the 19th ult., died at tho hospital yesterday, from heart disease, phthisis, and paralysis, The West Bourkk. Klhcviox.—The polling for tho election of a member to represent West Bourke in the place of Mr. Deakin, who re signed the seat, took place yesterday, .mil resulted iu a victory for Mr. 1larpcr liy 1") vote.1!. The tot:il returns were—Harper, 1,GOS: Deakiu, 1,503. Details of the poilmg appear elsewhere. Mis-eks' Mosstkr Meetisc.—It will be seen from our advertising e>lur.ins that a monster meeting of miners i.s to take place this evening, at .St. James' Mai!. The meeting is to Lie ad dressed by Messrs. Mackay, M'Intyre. and Willi mis, Ms. L. A., and Messr.i. I). G. Sterry, 11\. Burrowes, Blackliani, and oilier gentlemen. The chair will be tai'.' ii at half-past 7 by Mr. I!. Clark, M.L.A., the president of the Association, The committee are invited to meet at the secre tary's of'tiee, at half-past 0 o'clock, to make the necessary arrangements for the meeting. Resignation or Ci;. Denovan.—Wo inti mated yesterday that Or. Denovan had resigned his seat for Sutton Ward ill the City Council. The resignation was read yesterday at the usual weekly meeting and accepted. No fresh candi dates liava been named as likely to apply for the position besides those wc have alrea ly al luded to. Mr. Denovan announces his resigna tion by advertisement this morning, and returns his sincere thanks to the ladies and gentlemen of Sutton Ward for the conlidencc they have re posed in him during the three years he has re presented them. Canon M'Cui.lahu's Lecture.—We greatly regret that, owing to extreme and unexpected pressure on our space, we are unable to-day to publish the full report of the Rev. Canou M'Cullagh's lecture on "Christ and Chris tianity." Tut: Geelong Industrial Enhhii'iton.—At a meeting of the committee of the (Seeking Industrial Exhibition held last night, Mr. E. Hurst, fate secretary of the Sandhurst Inhibi tion, was unanimously elected secretary of the exhibition. This gentleman's experience gained as secretary of the Sandhurst Exhibition will no doubt stand him in good stead in his present appointment. Central Loddon Farmers' Union.—A most enthusiastic meeting of the newly formed Central Loddon Farmers' Union was held yes terday afternoon, at McCartin's llotel, West Shelbourne. There were about CO of the most iuilueuti.il farmers of the neighboring district present, and Mr. Will. Topper was in the chair. Mr. J. J. Casey, M. L.A., addressed the meeting at considerable length, aiul Mr. H. R. Williams, M.L.A., made a short speech. The rules for the guidance of the union as drafted by a sub-com mittee appointed at a previous meetiug for that purpose were adopted, and a strong committee and officers were elected. A report of the pro ceedings appears in another column. Resisting the Law.—Last evening a man named Jolm Manviek was taken iu charge by Constable Bradley, on the treble charge of assault, being druuk and disorderly, and evading payment of railway fare for a dog. It appears that the prisoner, who is a road con tractor residing at Ma rung, arrived in Sandhurst last eveniug by train, with a dog, the fare for which ho refused to pay. The railway porter, Patrick Mitchell, insisted ou the amount being paid, aud Marwick made a bolt along the line. On Mitchell coming up with him, War wick it is alleged struck him. He was given iu charge, and will be brought up at the Police Court tli's morning. The Requisition to Mr. R. Bcrrowks.— Tim requisition to Mr. R. Burrowes inviting him to become a candidate for the scat iu Darling Ward rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr. W. D. C. Denovan, lias been already signed by 240 ratepayers of the ward, amongst which are the names of most of the principal citizens of that portion of the city. Mr. C. Holl'meyer, whoso name was mentioned in yesterday's issue as a probable candidate will not stand. Accidents.—Thomas Todd, fourteen years of age, was admitted to the hospital yesterday, suffering from injuries to the ankle, which he received while giving a horse a trial gallop on the Elmore racecourse. James Adams, five years of age, was also admitted to tho hospital yesterday, suffering from some internal injuries he received yesterday through being run oyer. Ho was hanging on to the back of a cab, when a cart approached; he jumped from the cab and ran for the footpath, but the cart driven by Frank Sleeman, knocked him down, and ran over him. Thomas Davy, seventeen years of age, was admitted to the same institution yesterday, suffering from injuries to one of his fuet, caused hy a fall from his horse ou Sunday, while ho was running iu a calf. SroitTixo.—Notwithstanding we are on the eve of some of the great sporting events of the year, very little business has been transacted. There has not been as yet any very large or startling commissions executed iu favor of any horse for either tin; Metropolitan or Melbourno Cup. Ou previous years by this time we had decided favorites for most of the principal events, but this year is an exception to the rule. For the A.J.C. Derby Nellie is regarded as favorite, closely attended by Falmouth, Gainsborough aud Adventurer, the latter horse having been well supported. The Metropolitan is creating a little attention. The horses most iu favor for it being Kinsman, Colima, Strathearn, aud Andover. Scarcely a wager has been booked during the week on the V.lt.C. Derby or Melbourne Cup. The favo rites or horses mostly supported aro the same as havo been quoted for several weeks past. During tin week Falmouth was backed for the Cup at 100 to 2 to -1, and is now firm at 25 to 1. Mr. Alfred Joseph's weekly quotations are— From 1,000 to 5to20V.U.C. Derby and Mel bourne Cup; 3 to I on tho field for the A.J.C. Derby. Metropolitan—5 to 1 Kinsman, 5 to 1 Colima, C to 1 Strathearn, S to 1 Andover, S to 1 Sweetmeat; 10 to 20 to 1 others. Melbourno Cup—100 to G Democrat, 100 to 5 Le Loup, 100 to 5 Secuudus, 100 to 5 Kinsman, 100 to 4 Fal mouth, 100 to 4 Earl of Mar, 100 to 4 Suwarrow, 100 to 4 Chester, 100 to 4 Mullvan, 100 to 4 Strathearn, 100 to 4 Darriwell, 100 to 4 Monar que, 100 to 3 Bosworth, 100 to 3 Pollio, 100 to 3 Tocal, 100 to 3 FAublas; from 1,000 to 10 others. Arthur v. Mooke.—Our Melbourne corres pondent writes :—The suit of Arthur v. Moore, commenced in the Equity Court on Friday, i.i initiated by Samuel David Arthur, of Sandhurst, against James Moore and William Webb, of the same place, and the Victoria Insurance Compauy, for the purpose of liaviug accounts taken between tho parties, aud to estab lish the right of the plaintiff to a policy of insurance in the company. From the bill, which is unusually voluminous, I glean that iu 1864 the plaintiff, owing to legal proceedings between his wife and himself, as signed to the defendants, for the benelit of his creditors, liis estate, worth upwards of £1,400. It. was agreed that the property should be sold aud the proceeds devoted to pay ing the plaintiff's debts. Mr. Arthur complains that the defendants havo refused to furnish him with accounts, or let him know how matters stand. He further alleges that tho de fendants wrongfully took possession of the policy on his life for £1,000. The defeudants say that the policy passed with the assignment, and further, that they have administered the estate properly. Mr. M'Dcrmott aud Mr. Quick appoared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Webb, Q.C., wi*h Messrs. Topp, Prout, and Webb for the defendants. The pleadings having beeu opened by Mr. Quick, and the answers read by Messrs. Topp, Prout, and Webb, tho further hearing of tho case was adjourned until Monday. Caught.—As the coroner was waiting for the attendance of tho jury summoned to an inquest at the Forest Creek 'Hotel, Campaspe. yesterday, Mounted-constable Clarke brought forward a stolid looking " son of the sod" named Iiogan, and said, "Your Worship, this man wishes to be excused serving ou tho jary, because he is very deaf, and could not hear the evidence." Mr. Strickland admitted that tho oxcuse was a valid one, and turning to the in tended juryman expressed sorrow for his in firmity. tho remark only being met by a vacant look of nou-intclligcncc, then dropping his voice to a low tone the coroner laid, "Well, constable, perhaps yon had better ask him if he will take a drop of brandy this wet morning?" when Hogau promptly replied, "No, thank your sur! Brandy does not agree with me, I like porter best.'.' Iiogan sat upon that jury. City Police Court.—Messrs, Sterry and Holdsworth, Js.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday morning. Tho business was extremely unimportant, only two cases being called ou for' hearing. In the case of Mary Jane Phillips versus F. Phillips for maintenance, as the summons had not been served, the case will not come on for hearing till Monday. James Condon v. Micliapl Boyle, for goods, £4 Is. 4d., verdict for plaintiff, and 2s. Gd. costs. Music in" tiik Reserve.—Hallas's Baud will perform a choice selection of sacred music in the Reserve to-morrow afternoon (weather permit ting), at threo o'clock. The Steam Roller.—By an advertisement in another colnmn ii; is announced that the Sheepwash road from tho Sandhurst city boundary to tho Upper Grassy Flat Rcservu.. will be closed from traffic on Monday and Tuesday next, between the hours of Q a.m. and 4 p.m., as tho steam roller, which has been engaged by the Stratbfieldsaye Shire Conncil, will be at work. Donations.—The following contribution to the Bohevoleut Asylnm is acknowledged with thanks by tho collector (Mr. Chadwick):— Mr. W. B. Gittin3, £1 Is.; Mr. J. H. Goudge, £1 Is.' NoRTHeorr's Band.—The following pro gramme of selections will be played by North cott's Volnuteor Band on tho Shamrock balcony this eveniug (weather permitting), commencing at 7 o'clock:—Quick march, " The littlo ones atliome," (Ji, Bropliy); fantasia, "The Mohawk Minstrels" (Metcalfe); waltz, ."The Emerald" (H. Round); fantasia, "London Echoes" (R. Smith); qvia'drille, "The Abbottsford" (Carlo Zotti); pollia (solo for basses), " Eolyphemo" (H. Round); quickstep, "In the summer twilight" (R, Smith); " God Save tho Queau," 