j Our Story Teller. VILLAGE ! YT RANTS, A D It I LTj f A NT DU AM AT 1C fiTOKV. To ha aunt in Had. AC I’ II.—Sc L—After Tvui Yearn. This roused (Ini farmer. Hriving so recently hail a fii of goodness, this home thrust ailing Iiiinlo I in; ijuick. "Not so fast, Kale Meadows; you are I'levor. no doubt, been wonderfully edu nilrd, ami all dial;; bill il is not for you lo leeiure me, who am old enough almost lo bo your grandfather, and w ,o knows more about die real feeling of a broken heart, perhaps, Ilian you iiiui^ine.” “ Sir, you deserve dm hardest, words (hill—’’ “ Slay, Kale Meadows!” implored the farmer. “ Ifyim think I have done .such grievous wrong, I shall eonsenl, to leave this house while you remain hern; not to wait upon my wife, but to keep her company, and tell her of Tom; J. don’t mind your speaking of him.” Toler is'ordi's voice fullered, and he looked appealingly at the girl. “Peter North,’’said kale. somewhat surprised and softened by the emotion evinced by the stern man, "you did, indeed, a gross injustice when you ex pelled Tom from your house i and you made it doubly grievous when you gave it as the reason of your anger that he was in love will; mo. And what if that were so. AVlint, if lie did love me True, my poor father was your dependent ; but there was a time when ho was as wealthy and as .prosperous us... yon.,. Adverse lorliino lias often struck down richer men ill,an yon or he. To drive poor Tom out of the house through his liking for ^"ICate Meadows,” interrupted Peter North, “ You wrong me; but I admire your spirit and your affection fur that un worthy boy. My son Tom was a thief and a blaguard—” "No, never!” exclaimed Kate. “Up braid him for loving me, bill, do not libel him ! .Recall your cruel words !" _ ” A thief and a linger 1” retorted Peter North. " He has deceived you; I did not turn him out for loving you. I turned him out— Look- at these,” said he, rush ing in his growing excitement to his-safe, and produeidg two cheeks. “ Here is some of his wicked work. That lie should thus dishonor my name; he whom I had trusted with thousands; he for whom I have worked all these laborious years ! 1 have sworn (hat be shall never darken my doors again ; but now—” " Did you not curse him because lie was too intimate wiih.the .Meadowses-" gasped Ifale, supporting herself by the aid of a. chair. " 1 objected to his marrying you.” “ Was not. his love for me the reason of his expulsion iJ” “ No, by Heaven ! If he told you so. lie simply aggravated bis crime. He robbed rue under the cloak of religion. When we went to church be carried forged chocks in his pockets.” t Kate rocked herself to and fro in a chair, and wrung her hands in agony. " He said he had lent money to old Meadows, lie said he a a., saving money to gel married. He made a hundred wild and lying .'senses. I pul a detective upon him, and discovered his prucl ices ; he was the associate of thieves, and worse than ihioves. Oh. my God, how the knowledge choked me ! You might have pitied me if von could have seen my heart. And il raged against you for some cause : people associated your name with his; and lie told me ’ he cared nothing for you ; and when I found that, he was a liar, f grew jealous of you and Luke, and instead of 'becoming softened in my grief, J hardened." “ Poor soul 1" murmured Kate, looking up at the liard strong man shaken with remorse and grief. “And now it seems as if my cup were lull; I’m on tlie verge of ruin, and my wife is dying, and—” "No, love,” said Mrs North, entering the room like a ghost, and putting her hand on her husband's shoulder; no, getting belter—getting better.” " [n Heaven's name,” exclaimed Peter, “wlmt are you doing here f" “Better, belter," said the woman, smiling at Kale. Peter caught her in his arms, and lifted her into a chair. “ She's not been out of bed for months.” said the funner. I ".Soon better,” said Ihe invalid. “ J bought I beard high words. Ini! 1 was wrong ; i thought you’d be kind to Kaie. Bless ’c, my child !’’ kale went up to (he woman and kissed her on the forehead. " Bless ’e. my dear,” she said. “Cany me 10 bed, Peter; I’ll soon he about Peter took (lie fragile form in his arms and carried her into (lie i.exi room; and Kate followed with encouraging and ten- i dcr words. "Yes, I will slay,” said Kale, when she rami' into the house-place again, leaving Mrs North asleep. “Thank you Kate,” said the farmer, with an earnest sympathetic heartiness ; thank you.” “ F will write a few lines to my father.” ".Hero are writing materials." said (lie farmer, opening his desk and placing a chair for her. "He has gone lo ih'istov.e. and will not return until lo-night: Imt Mrs Biuitli is charring for us. and she will send my things up.” “ Yes,” said the funner; "twill lake the message myself." Kale wrote, and Mrs Binitli. the char woman, almost fainted w hen that tyrant North slopped into the collage; and fainting nearly turned to fils when the farmer spoke gently to her, gave hern letter, and said Miss Meadows wanted to see her for a few minutes at the Fanil. Mrs .Smith could not for some time make up her mind whether lie were limd. or whether she had herself been suddenly struck stark-staring lunatics, as slu* ex plained to Kaie with marvellous volubil ity an hour ufiiTwnrd. I 