' SONGS, LEGENDS AND BALLADS.' The above is the title of a book of poetry, consisting of poems by John Boyle O'Reilly, the editor of the Boston Pilot. The author was one of the Fenians who were transported to this colony some years ago. He was what was called a " military" prisoner, having been con- victed from the ranks of the British Army, which he had joined with a view to become acquainted with military tactics. When work- ing as a prisoner on a road party in the Bun- bury district, he cleverly effected his escape from the colony, in an American whaling vessel which called at that port. At that time — ten years ago — O'Reilly was a mere stripling, but endowed with indomitable pluck and spirit, and the recital of his adventures from the day he boarded the vessel in which he escaped until he attained his present position as editor of the Pilot was published some years ago in one of the Irish newspapers. His poems are very favor- ably reviewed by the American Press, and the Indianapolis Herald of the 11th January, last, thus speaks of the volume above referred to :— " Every poem in this book is a gem. It is a golden river of thought in a Syrian land of bar- renness. The author, John Boyle O'Reilly, is very young, but his poetry has none of the marks of immaturity. He is original in thought conception, and expression. He has annexed a new territory to the domain of poetry — Western Australia, a penal colony, heretofore unsung in song. Many of the stories which he has poetized he figured in, for his life has been changeable and adventurous. His subjects are altogether new in the field of poetry. In picturesque des- criptions he is grand. His ideas are as new as his themes ; his music as perfect as his conceits are weird. There is no sentimentalism in the book. He holds the reader's intensest attention without drawing largely upon the magnetism of Cupid. He adheres principally to the narrative form, and every tale is of the most thrilling interest. He weaves a realistic element into poetry with great skill. One of the most pre- tentious and remarkable poems in the book is " The King of the Vasse," a curious conceit, weird and strange, and exquisitely told. " The Dog Guard" is another. It is a story hideous and horrible in itself, but, clothed in poetic habiliments, it fascinates. The first two stanzas give some idea of the dramatic style that is the spirit of the poem : There are lonesome places upon the earth That have never re-echoed the sound of mirth. Where the spirits abide that feast and quaff On the shuddering soul of a murdered laugh, And take grim delight in the fearful start. As their unseen fingers clutch the heart. And the blood flies out from the griping pain, To carry the chill through every vein ; And the staring eyes and the whitened faces Are a joy to these ghosts of the lonesome places. But of all the spots on this earthly sphere Where these dismal spirits are strong and near, There is one more dreary than all the rest 'Tis the barren island of Rottenest. On Australia's western coast, you may- On a seaman's chart of Fremantle Bay- Find a tiny speck, some ten miles from shore; If the chart be good, there is something more- For a shoal runs in on the landward side, With five fathoms marked for the highest tide. You have nought but my word for all this rest, That speak is the island of Rottenest." Here endeth the discriminating criticism of the Indianapolis Herald. We take it that Gov- ernor Ord and the poet O'Reilly are not alto- gether in accord as to the dreariness and dismal- ness of life on the island in question. And as we have " nought but the poet's word for the rest," we think the Governor has the best of it. Our Indianapolis contemporary does not favour us with any more of the " curious conceit" of which the above lines form the first two stanzas. We are, therefore, unable to further gratify the curiosity of our local readers as to the ' hideous and horrible' story of "The Dog Guard." A serial story, entitled " Moondyne Joe,'' written by the same author, and as full of "curious con- ceits" as his poetry, is now in course of publica- tion in the journal of which he is the editor. 