SOME ACCIDENTAL JOKES. Ix has often be?n said that the best jokes are those whioh are made by accident, and this is oertaiuly the case with proper names. Few intentional " bulls" have ever been more oowplote than tho grave official entry in a Hut of Sootfcish landed proprietors: " John Elder, the younger, in right of Mrs. Margaret Husband, hia wife." The worthy country gentleman who, eighty years ago, taunted the leader of tho Euglish opposition with looking like " a fox that had fallen into a pit/' was as muoh astounded as anyone at the roar of laughter whioh greeted this uti conscious pun upon the names of Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox. The three last governors of the Don Gemots have ch&noBd; to bear names whioh respectively signify Firo, Flood, and Fiend. In the list of the English Navy for the laBt century tho reader's eye is still startled by the sight of tho frigate Vengeance, oommanded by oaptain Death, with a first offiaer called William Devil, tuul a surgeon bearing the pleasantly ouggsativo name of John Ghost. But of all the authentio oases of this kind, tho most singula! is one whioh ooeurred at u wayside tavern iu the Wost of England not many yoara ago, Three roister ing commercial travellers moating there one whiter evening, bad a hearty oarouso to gether as a matter ol course, Supper over, the three found some difficulty in allotting their respective shares of the bill; but one of theta at length out short the dispute by pro posing that whoever had tho "oldest name" among thowuhould go aootfrse, the expenses being halved by tho othor two. This amend ment being promptly aooepted, No. 1 pro. duoed a oard inscribed " Riobord Eve," whioh No. 2 trumped with " Adam Brown." The No. 8, a portly veteran with a humor ous grey eye, laid down bis oard with the quiet confidence of a great general making a decisive movement, and remarked with a thick oliuekle, " I don't much think you'll beat this 'uu, gents." And he was light, lor the name was " Mr. B. Ginning." TICKLE.-Lord Brougham, proverbial for his gallantry to the fair sex, was pleading in a jury case before the late Lord and his client, happening to be a female, and defender in the aotion of the name of Tiokler, he oommenoed his speech in the following humorous strain-1* Tiokler, my client, the defendant, my lord." The audienoe, amazed with the oddity of the speech, were almost drawn into hysterics of laughter by the judge replying-1'. Tiokle her yoursel', Han;; you're better able to do't than I am." 