NORTHERN NEWS. ' ' -????; ' ' Maiiyhobouoh, Thursday. Heavy and continuous rain has' fallen since. yesterday afternoon. ] The GoTo'rnor Blaokall sailed this morning for Brisbane. . ?.,... ; Funeiul osv.A Voltcitbeu.— Mr. Eil w in Wolsby, whoBe ? death we recorded yesterday, was. buried' this morning at the General Cemetery, Toowohg. Th'ojdcceasod,'who Ws a gunnor in No. 1 Battory of Volunteer Artil lery, ;,was awarded; a military funeral, several of his late comrades accompanying his re mains ' to the ': grave, and fnrnisbing a firing party.1 The -Artillery band was also in attendance, and performed the 'DtudMarob in Saul.'*Ehe «»?%-!, aUVinoludod a lurge number of i Mr, i-Welaby's immediate friends. - Cahlton'b GnosT.— This entertainment was given last, night at the old School- of .Arts in the 'presence' of 'a- moderately goqd audience; It .consisted of ft series. of scones in, which Pepper's Ghost effects are ,uaod -to the be wlldenrient 'ot ?'. the andienco. Ovfing to. the short time for preparation tho ohanges were riot always satisfactorily effected, but this is a' defeot which will doubtless be, remedied 'to-' night. Whon in full working order the enter- . tainment should ba a very attractive 6ne,y ',',-,' Tub Mookk CENTEifiiiY. — An influential and well' attended meeting of .the admirers of the poet Moore was hold .nt tho AustrttUan.ottim Io6(;'vevening, for the pilrp'oBo ofVrranginjy.ithe' necessury preliminaries towards aVduocolebra tion of tho poet's, centennial in Brisbane.' Mr. A. O'Keeffo, who was moved io tho'ohair, ex plained tho objects of the meeting at some length. He expresse'd a hope that all Irishmen would qomMno', harmoniously to puy fitting respect to the memory of the great Irish poet, on the occasion, of his approaching centenary, and added thut Moore, us their nutional.bard, was ; deserving ot the higfieit/hp'nouis that' oo'uld bb aAyardod him by ' .his -ountry-' ,meii.. Mr.' . Jlack'ay;' . 'of' the Aus tralian, ',.. then ' addrossodi^the '? meeting. He expressed an opiniou that Irishmen of ;all - creeds should boiuvited to take part in the demonstration, if it was intended, to be a suc cess. He was anxious to take an active part in the movement, provided that others beiides Catholics showed active sympathy towards tho promoters; , Mr. T. 8. Hickoy proposed' the following resolution :—' That ' in ? order to testify, our, undying regard for.tho( name and memory of Ireland's national poet and patriot, Moore, a banquet, followed1 by a literary and n-usical entertainment, be givoh in celebration of nisi centenary, at tho i.ld School of ArtB, on WedneHday, the 28th instant ;[ and that thi entertainment cou'sist of addresses and recitations relating to the poet; also, of selections, vocal and instrumental, culled exclusively from tho ' Irish Melodies.' ' In doing so he trusted that the forthcoming celebration in Moore'B bonourwouldibe worthy of the'man who 'was the 'po'et'of all circles, and the idol of bis own.' His fame being world-wide, the celebration ought to be con fined to no nationality, but Irishmen in parti cular should feel a natural pride in commemo rating the genius of thoir illustrious country man, Tom Mooro. The resolution was seconded by Mr. Martin, and discussed at considerable length, 'Messrs. Fitzgibbon, J. B: Hiokey, Ryan, Hughes, Miickay, and several other gentlemen taking part. in the discussion; Mr. Walsh having spoken againit the proposition' of -a banquet, and advocated the' holding of a soiree and musioul entertainment instead, to be followed by a ball, the mealing decided on postponing the consideration, of the ban quet for tho presentj but cordially approved of tho proposed addresses and entertainment. The utmost unanimity prevailed throughout, the whole meeting being in accord as to the desira bility of : the celebration, and pledged itself hourtily to carry out the objects, contemplated in Moore's memory. After tho usual vote of thanks to the chairman a committee: of seven was then formed and held its first meeting towards initiating active measures for the due observance of the Moore Centennial at , the To wri Hr.ll, on Wednesday, the 28th iiistant. Should a banquet not bo ultimately decided upon it iB probable that a ball, preceded by a 'soiree or musical entertainment, will be the mode chosen for celebrating tho occesion. . ] A^cokeespondent writes : — V Allow me to suggest, through the medium of your journal, to the authorities who rule tha Volunteer Force, tho advisability of arranging for the loan of a few police great coats on such occasions as require our lo.al military force to turn out in bad weather. The various shades and patterns visible on thjeiiring party to-day, did not lend to the solemnity of the occasion. In England, I believe, the militia great-coats are requisi tioned under similar circumstances ; here, of course, we could only fall back on tho police, who, I nm sure, would gladly so assist whon required, and .bo enable uniformity to bo secured.' The Cost op Wak. — It is very Btrango to find Christian brethren and sisters apologising for aud even advocating war, and tho secular ^press writing it down. The St. Peteraburgh Gazette calculates that, in the past twenty-five years, tho Crimean, Italian, Schleswig-Holstein, Prusso Austrian, Mexican, Franco-Prussian, Rnsso-Turkish, and tho American wars have cost 2,54S,000 lives. This does not include deathti from disease, inseparable from war, nor tho thousands of mangled and disabled men. Total cost in money, £2,473,000,000. 'Even then,' says an English paper, ' the estimate falls under the actual1 figures, for the services of the millions of men engaged in theso con flicts were lost to their countries and to tho world while they woro employed in cutting each other's throats, and, of course, the dead men produced nothing moro for the benefit of their native land which put them to so bad a use. If that money bo - brutally wasted, and the services of these men so badly employed — scarcely one, nnd at most only one, of tho wars mentioned being justifiable, and some of them being open robberies — had been- utilised for the benefit of tho world in some- great national enterprises, what a different state of matters wo might now have to record! Africa might now be surveyed as perfeotly as England,and, lines of railway penetrate it in everyj direction ; theDbvor submarine tunnel would; have been bored, and the Panama oanal' dug; 'andyet' the two and a half thousand millions scarcely touched!' i~ ? '?. . ?:'; j ? TonpiDiTV op ToADSj-^-ProfesBOr Jl As'*Alien'j of Cambridge, states that ho saw a large num.' her of toudB taken from the mud of a well whioh had been olosod. for twenty.years.iThe animals were apparently lifeless, being quite motionless, but after.bbing drawn 'tip 'and exposed 'to. the; air their1 legs 'began to twitch after a few moment's, and their eyes slowly to open and close. In three or four minutes they so far recovered- aB tohop about, and shortly after became -as bright if they had not been sound asleep for the last scoro of years. The tern perature of the mud in which they were found waB about 46 degrees, whioh was no doubt .maintained throughout the yenr ; and. as this corresponds very nearly to that of ponds where: they hibernate in wintor, Professor Allen thinks that this prolonged torpidity ^vas oauotd by a continued uniformity of temperature, and that he sees no reason why it should not have ' been protracted indefinitely. . | ; ' ' . Snakes ahd.Cou). Victuals.— Tho notion is a popular, one that snakes never eat what has not been killed by their own ? agency ; and, although such a belief is now known to b-.. false by. naturalists, yet very ifew of the'ono hundred and thirty-two apeciesi of North American serponts have been proved by aatual observation to have eaten any animal whioh ? they have not oaptured alive. A writer in tho American Naturalist communioates the follow ing notes on the feeding habits of tho common black'- shake' (Xasctinion constrictor),- a. species whioh has not hithorto been credited with a fondness for cold viotnala. Tho writor states that lant June he killed a garter! snake, and happoning to pass i the place tho next ilay, h« ciimo upon a blaok snake with about an iueh'of the tail of a garter Btiake' protruding from its mouth. As tho snake killed on tho previous' day was. nowhore to bo seen, he suspected tho oho inside the bliick snake to bo the BHine.' ? On. removing tho gartor snake thia proved to be the fact, us was oyijioed by the wounds ho hnd made on the animal's head and body. The length of the black snake was a little less than three and a' half feet, and that of his dinner twenty-two inches. *, ' '''? '. ?'''? j ' ' A PtizisLED pLiNi.— Plants Bleep , at . night, as is well known, buttheir sleeping hoiirs are a matter of habit,- arid oan easily.be disturbed. A French chemist recently exposed us'eusitive' plant to a bright light at night, an!d plaoed it ?in adaTlcroora'duririgtnoduy. The plant' at firsfappearod much' puzzled .'''It oponed aud olos'ed^its'Jeavepirreguldrly/'iii'Bpite of the drtiflcial'stiri beaming u'pon it At night,' and 'Via- therdaytime it sometimes awbke.j It flnully 'submitted to the , ohange, unfolding itself regularly at night and closing in tne morninK.' ?''?'?''?'= «a.,'vy;te-y.foU,!:3 ] .r;?q. 