TOWN TALK. A. TARAGUArtt in a southern paper tells us Of a very successful ball given in Sydney re tehtly, which was'kept up with vigour until -1 o'clock in tho morning, and tho guests are re ported to have spent" a very ploisaut evening. Itwoiiidbe interesting to tarn tho periods into which that newspaper man divides tho twenty-four hours; TitERfc'thust bo something morally SB well as tihysically demoralising about the distilling business. >~o sooner has our scandal in con hoction'with the Distilleries department been forgotten tban our neighbours in New South ^Vales are furnished, with a "town talk of a feimiiar nature. A Sydney paper informs us Unit the Colonial Treasurer has suspended ibo Inipector of Distilleries. Here is another capital text for the teetotallers. T*b hatred of mothers-in-law is but too often quite unreasonable, but in the United States tha sentiment is rampant. An Ameri can paper recently discovered-signs of returning reason in its telegrams because they brpught Intelligence thatn " patriot" at St. Louis had teen found willing to devote himself to tho good of tho people by killing his motber-iri-law. The editor was dreadfully vexed to learn that the patriot was only a German. A OOCD story is related of ono of our jl. L- A,'a who recently imbibed not wisely. Irnt too well-not for tho f rst time in ius lifa. "He got "inn in," and his sup porters were very indignant at what they called .t^.. of duty on tie part of the constable. Their indignation took the form of calling upon their member to have the zealous police .officer reported. The reply was characteristic and sensible: " I only wish he had run me in a;weak ago, I should have Bated no 'end"of money in shouts." IT is rather-worse on the whole, perhapB, to bA over-governed than to be left pretty well .lone. Anyway, tho people of Brisbane are undoubtedly suffering at the present time from over-government. With the Central Govern ment established in their midst, the Muni cipal Council, the Central Board of Health, .-and the Local Boards o£ Health it Unextto; .impossible to get any serious nuisance abated, bocause none of these governing bodies seem to :know exactly whose duty it is to carry out the work. ' ' . ACCOBDIS» to an Ipswich paper, the people at .the "head of navigation," are very jubilant : at the prospect of a visit from Mr. Creswick and his company, and they are contemplating much completeness inthe mite en teine as the manage ment announce that they. will take. their own icenery with them. The Athenians may pos nUy be" struck, as the Brisbanites were, by the remarkable Koman street bristling with tele: graph poles, which has done duty recently at the theatre, if it is to be amongst .the works of scenic art to be transported to Ipswich. IT competition is the soul of business, it seems to be driving some of our omnibus pro prietors to strange, shifts. Running a-liuo of ? omnibuses on the Art Union principle is some thing new in vehicular enterprise. That is What one proprietor in Brisbane is doing at the present moment. He issues tickets to his customers, and as an inducement to them to purchase - freely, holders of tho butts are en titled to the chance of a prize in a lottery " oil the Art Union principle." This is the abomi nable gift system in another form. By that syBtem enterprising men, taking advantage of the kpirit of gambling which is inherent in most of us, are enabled to extract money freely from" tho public for the wretchedest of enter tainments". It is to be hoped that this attempt tb demoralise ua by mjans of our public Vehicles will not be allcwed to continue. SiWEEliciii. observersj noticing the out Spoken style ot certain Tlnssinti pftpors oil Occasions, hive jumped to the conclusion ? that the Mttstovito Pros* received its freedom along With the Bctfs. That this is not tho case is proved by the latest advices from St.teteraburg. Buuian papers may bts is Outspoken as they please as long «they jump 'with tho ideas of the Government, but they rnufet hold their tongues on eufijectH which may prove in the least degree embarrassing to the ruling powers, tor instance we aro told by Kcuter that the 8t. Petersburg papers are forbidden to discus* * German, Austrian, and French questions, hut that they may abuse England and Turkey to their hearts' content. Tho ItueaUn Press can hardly be called a power in the English accept ation of the term. Ocu riflemen have been beaten at Sydney, "but their defeat is so much like a victory that they need not fash themselves. When it i« considered that the men were Bhooting on now ground, with unaccustomed rifles, and that ?they were the recipients of ranch hospitality, the loss of eleven points out of an aggregate score of about 700, is not worth talking about. Disappointed backers of tho team are bemoan ing themselves that this or that member of the team were so disappointing at this or that range, but they forget that the Now South "Welshmen can put up precisely tho tamo plaint as regards some of their men. The judge at the late Maryborough assizes is reported to have told an aboriginal woman called Nellie, who was convicted on a charge of killing another gin, that she had received as much patient attention as if she had been a subject of the Queen. It this is a fact it is clear that Nellie is an alien, and that, consequently, she had the right of being tried by a jury partially composed of aliens. It is reasonable to believe that a jury with a fair sprinkling of blackfellows would, in Nellie's case, have been discharged, on the ground that they could not come to an agreement. Sous handbill? against the running of San day trains, of a highly edifying, character, have been circulated during the past fortnight in some parts of Brisbane and Ipswioh. It was supposed at first that the3e little reminders had been prepared and published by and at the expense of acme person or persons -who were exceptionally impressed with the importance of keeping holy the Sabbath day. But it has leaked out that they were " got up " and pub lished at the expense of somo publicans who : find that thesp Sunday trains rery..seriously interfere with their Sunday 6alo of liquors. ' THE gold-diggers and miners in the North have been stimulated to remarkable activity by Macroesan's TO to of £2,000 for " prospect ing for gold." With a zeal, energy, and unani mity that is really wonderful,, they are bent upon making'the most of that £2,000. Four prospecting parties have already been organised to explore different portions of Cape York Peninsula, and more are talked about. Pros pecting at one's own expense is a wearisomo and awfully risky spec., even with ft law to keep, out Chinese for two years from all new fields, but with Government money the case is different. ALL the strange and wonderful things in nature and art have not been sent to tho Sydney Exhibition. Towards the latter end of last week, the Courier contained tho following an nouncement Wonted .to. exchan^o a llandsom® Piebald BojV Pony for strong saddle horse. _ , Now there are any number of white boys and black boys " knocking about," as the sailors say, and yellow and copper-coloured boys are not at aii rare, but we venture to say that a piebald boy is a novelty which hundreds and thousands of people would pay a good price to see, espe cially a handsome piebald boy. The fact of this boy's pony being wanted to bo exchanged for a strong-saddle horse, would seem to.indicate that he is a thriving boy and that tho pony is not now up to his weight. This would increase ihe attraction. There is a pile of money to bo made by that handsome pie bald boy, if the thing is properly set about. THE extreme caution displayed by Mr. Hurley and his,.friends against committing themselves to tho Burrum coal nine and rail way echcmc until they can be perfectly " safe-' in doiug so, is, to say the least of it, rather noticeable. Hurley's railway bill was rejected last session because the preamble described him as " John Hurley and others trading as 4 The Queensland Burrum Coal and Railway Com pany,' " when iu point of fact no Mich com pany was in existence. Last week Mr. William Howard, of Burrum, wrote to the Marulotough Chronicle to say that if the Government will I consent to allow him seven chains of frontage' ' to the Mary River in the heart of Maryborough, | the prospectus of -the proposed company will ! bo issued, at once. Perhaps the Government do not feel disposed to give Mr. Hurley any I vested interest in anything until they seo | whether he can form a company or not. IT is not reasonable to expect that, newly appointed J. P.'s will acquire all at once that repose of manner and dignity of deportment when on the bench, which a magistrate ought to assume on such occasions. But the public, for the most part are unreasonable. That is why they are just now laughing at anew J. P., who last week went to a revision court at the southern end of the colony to assist at revising the electoral roll for that district. He had more to say from the bench than all the claimants put together, and would persist in keeping up a " barney" with all and sundry. At length a country attorney, who had been cairugcd to present the claims of anmnbrrof residents, submitted a name which the ne^ J. P. strongly objected to. The attorney per sisted in urging the claim. At length, in the heat of the moment, an»l quite forgetting where he WHS, the ncv magistrate shouted out to the attorney, " I'll bet you a bottle of beer that the man hasn't the ghost of a claim." Tub Sydney Transit Commissioners and the cabmen have settled their little d fference by a compromise, which really yields 9.11 that the Commissioners demanded, but in, a filightly different manner to that in which they.said it should ho carried out. Instead of every cabman giving cack passenger a ticket contain ing tho number of hid licence, scale of legal fare.*, and all tho rest of it, ho is to liavo ah open bag in his cab containing a full supply of these tickets, and everybody using tho o:tb can' kelp himselfif ho plcaso. Wo have no infor mation as yet as to tho causes which .led to thi3 happy consummation,- but cabby's ; wife undoubtedly had a hand in it,'for the Sydney papers inform us that on tho 2nd instant the whole of tho married cabbios of that city got: out their cabs and took their-wives and little ones for aidriro and a day's outing" to tho seashore, a few miles from tho ^ity,1 and that thoyallhad what.tho Yankees1 call 41 a good time.*' < Theroaro always hopes of a man who really loves his wifo aud childreril i;No doubt those cabbies' wires would impro^o'* the op portunity which this picnic afforded, b'y talking over the strike .together.and with; tKeir/hus? bands; thus greatly assist tho latter in cotHtiig to a rational conclusion on the s*bj«:ct. 