..We^arnfitjfttMtt. ROCK IIA Ml'TON. FRIDAY, MAY 30, 1870. THE second reading of the Bill intro- duced by the Colonial Secretary, to Amend the Laws relating to Parlia- mentary Elections, was agreed lo in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday evening, and the House has thus ap- proved of its main principles. The object of this bill is to provide ?for the better and more accurate com -pilalion of the electoral rolls. Clause i proposes lo repeal those portions of the Elections1 Act of 1874, relating to this subject, and provides for the comp la : tion of the rolls by a mode of procedure in some respects essentially different from that at present in operation. Clause 4 specifies the Courts ol Petty Sessions which shall be the " appro- priate courts " for the several elec- toral districts, and by clause 5 lt is provided lhat on or before the ist of August in every year, the appropriate Court of Petty Sessions in every Electoral District shall appoint some person to be principal collector of electoral lists in and for such district, and also so many assistant collectors as suth courts may think requisite ; and shall assign to such principal collector or assistant collectors such remuneration for his or'theif servicês as may seem to them just and reasonable.. It will be understood that the collec tiori'bf <él¿ct6ral 'rolls by the police is to be discontinued. The practice has been : loose andjunsatisfactory in its operation. The police regard the duty of collecting electoral''lists' as an extra, and outside their regular duties. They therefore take it in hand, reluctantly, and have strong inducements to get through it as quickly as possible without very much care to see that it is' doné properly. They are also as a class wanting in the special qualifications requisite(for. this ..work, many of them being illiterate men, the result of this being that names are often needlessly niisspelt, and electors are dis- franchised through imperfections in the compilation of,the rolls. It is also (0 be considered, that' the police cannot per- form extra work of this kind without neglecting' those duties which more legitimately claim their attention, and the efficiency of the department is to,ij»;.corresponding degree impaired. Under the provisions of the bill now before Parliament, the collectors will be appointed because of their special fitness for the work, of collecting the rolls, and each is required to subscribe to a solemn declaration that he will faithfully perform the duties of that employment to the best of his knowledge and ability. The principal collector shall direct and be responsible for the' proper performance of their duties by the assistant collectors, each of whom will have a sub-district assigned to him ; arid all collectors found guilty ,of ¿ny wilful -misfeasance, or wilful or negligent act of omission or commission, ?will,'fot'every such offence, be liable to a penalty not exceeding £$0, to be recovered in a summary w.iy before two justices. . ' The manner in which the collectors are to perform their duties is explicitly stated iii clauses io to 15 inclusive Each assistant-collector shall be furnished with a copy of the Electoral Roll of the District for the previous year, and shall between the ist and 31st August place the words dead, left, or disqualified, as the case may be, against the name of any person whom he shall have reason 'to believe to be dead, or to hávé left thc district, or to have become disqualified ; and shall during the month of August - " by going through his district, and by inquiring of the residents therein, and thc inspection of maps, rate books, lists of selectors, lists of pastoral tenants, and any other documents accessible to him, and other- wise by the best means in his power " prepare a list of such persons resident within his sub- district, or having a property qualification therein as he shall believe to be entitled to vote for (he election of members of the Assembly, and whose names and qualifications do not appear in the electoral roll for ihe previous year. On the last day of August the assistant collcciors are required to deliver lo the principal collector for the district, the copies of the Electoral Roll which shill have bien supplied to iheni, rn-n';-d as aforesaid, ami also tho Ks's pie pared hy them .-is aforesaid. It then becomes thc duty of the princi- pal collector lo compile from such rolls and lists, a list nf all persons qualifie'! lo vote for tl c electoral dis- trict of which he is collector, but with the word "dead," "left," or "disquali- fied," as the case may require, against the name of every man marked by any assistant collector as dead, left, or dis- qualified. Such. complete lists, alpha- betical? arranged, he is required before the 15th September "to deliver, together with copies of rolls..'supplied to the assistant collector's ""and the several lists made out by the latter, to the Clerk of Petty Sessions which shall have appointed: him. And every principal collector shall keep a copy of the list made out by him, and of each list made out by the sub collcctors of the district for which lie is appointed, to be perused by any person at all reasonable hours without fee. Clauses 18 to 21 inclusive relate to the duties of the Clerk of Petty Sessions, who must cause copies of the list to be printed or fairly transcribed for sale at a reasonable price, and cause one of such copies to be exposed to public view .at the various court-houses in the district and in such other places as the Court of Petty Sessions shall direct,. and the same shall remain exposed for a period of fourteen days: This is similar to the existing arrangement, and like provisions to those already in force are made for electors whose names are omitted from the list, claiming to have them inserted in the roll, as also for the lodging of objections to any person named on thc list as not entitled to have his name retained thereon, the amount of deposit required from an objector being five shillings. The lists of new names and of names objected to are to be exposed to public view in the usual way for fourteen days ; and a revision court for revising the lists is to be held in each district some time between the ist and 21st November inclusive. The revision courts will be constituted, much in the same way as at present, the justices of the peace resident in the district. And in the event of a Judge or Crown Prosecutor being present, he shall virtute officii form a member of such court and preside thereat. And it shall be the duty of such Judge or Crown Pro- secutor to attend if required by the Colonial Secretary so to do. It is further provided that in the event of a deficiency or expected deficiency of justices in any district, the Governor-in-Council may appoint any other person or persons to perform any of the duties required of justices by this section. We should not omit to mention that a similar pro- vision is made against the possible: contingency of there being no court of petty sessions or no clerk of petty sessions in any one of the electoral districts. In such case, the Governor in Council shall by proclamation in the Gazette fix thc court of petty sessions at which and by the clerk whereof, or the: person by whom, as the case may be, the duties imposed by this Act shall be performed. It will have been observed that the collectors are not permitted to remove a single name from the old roll.. Their duty is to mark the names of persons whom they have good, reason to .believe are dead, or have left the district, or have become disqualified, and they are also required to add the names of such persons as they have ascertained to possess a qualification to vote at parlia- mentary elections. The lists marked as above-described, and with new names added, also the lists of new claims and of objections lodged, being completed according to the requirements of the Act, come before the Revision Court, whose duty it will be to inquire into and adjudicate upon every case where the chief collector shall have marked any name with the words "dead," "left," or " disqualified ;" and the Chairman shall expunge from the list the name of every person against whose name the word "dead," "left," or "disqualified," shall appear, and who shall be proved to the satisfaction of the court' to be deceased, or to have left the dis- trict, or to be disqualified. The court shall also inquire into and adjudicate upon claims for insertion in the roll, and objections made against any names appearing in thc list, and give their decision in such cases in accordance with the evidence brought before them. The court shall also have power to correct any mistake or supply any omission proved to have been made in any such list in respect of the Christian or surname or address or abode ol any person included therein, or the nature or local description of his qualification. But no person's name shall be inserted by the Court in any list unless notice shall have been given as aforesaid, nor shall any name be expunged therefrom except as hereinbefore proi'idcd. Under these stringent provisions, every precaution is taken that an elector shall not be unjustly deprived of his vote, and all reasonable occasion for suspecting collectors entrusted with the compilation of the lists, or of the magistrates who take part in the revision of such lists, improperly tampering, with the names of electors, will. be removed. The bill appears to have been carefully prepared, and its numerous provisions considered in all their bearings. Should it become law the abuses which have hitherto existed iii connection with the compila- tion of the electoral roll will no longer be possible, and a fruitful cause of irritation and annoyance will no longer exist. OUR cable mossages published to-day con- tain important news, both as regards Afghan- istan and South Africa. Thc treaty of peace between Great Britain and Afghanistan was signed on Tuesday last, and its provisions are understood to bo likely to prove satisfactory to both parties. Regarding tho natnro of thc treaty, wc have no precise information beyond thc fact that Vakoób, who has been formally recognised as the Ameer, is tr» receive a subsidy of £120,000 por annum from the Bntisli-Iiiili.nl (Jovernmeutso longns. Iiestrietly fulfils Iiis part of thc treaty obligations. One »f those iildiïaUo'is M ill certainly be to main tar, a Homily attitude towards the Oovcm mnnt of India a;id turu a den' ear to the intnjrm's nf lïiissian and other inivi^ii cinissariis. Tho treaty will also doubtless provide fur n rectification of thc Indian north- west froutier, and will furclifr cede the right to the British Indian fiorcrnment to bold cerlr.in important «tr?.topical joints within thc limits of Afghan torritory. It SB a; matter tor sincere thankfulness that this little war has ended in a manner likely lo liad to an enduring peace. The Kassian ad- rónos Jn tho direction of India bas, by thia treaty now concluded with Yakoob Khan, received a decided check, and it ia not likely to cause uneasiness to Great Britain for some years to come. The prestige of Great Britain lias, also been fully restored in India, «nd British power in that dependency will be further consolidated. A disastrona campaign in Afghanistan would not improbably have been followed by commotions in India and a probable rising' against the British power. This evil, if not rendered impossible, has at least been indefinitely postponed. The effect of this settlement will also in all probability be seen ia Bannah, whose yoong king will learn that British power is not to be held in light esteem. From South Africa there is no news of fresh military operations of importance ; but "the Imperial Government bas decided to recall Sir Bartle Frere and Lord Chelms- J ford, and has appointed Sir Garnet Wolseley to \ the supreme military and civil command over Natal and Transvaal, and the districts ad- joining those colonies, as well as at the seat of war. This signifies that personal considera- tions for those high officials is no longer to be allowed to compromise the interests of the Empire, and a vigorous line of action with re- gard to the Zulus is to be entered upon. We are informed that.any proposals for peace whiph Cetawayo may make, are to be enter- tained by the new Commander-in-Chief, pro- vided he is satisfier! that they are of a iona fide and honourable character; but if the Zulu King should interpret this conciliatory desire os an indication of weakness on the part of Great Britain, and should be embol- dened to put forward absurd claims, the war will be carried on against him with vigour and will ensure his ultimate downfall. What- ever may be done, however, it is to bo hoped that a time-serving polioy will not be resorted to by patching up a reconciliation on terms which could not give assurance of a lasting peace, bnt would probably be soon followed by fresh disturbances. Sir Bartle Frerc's ulti- matum was decisive and exacting, but we think it highly probable that any abate- ment of those conditions would be impolitic and unrjafe. Cctewayo's submission should be unreserved and complete on all points affecting British interests in South Africa, and anything less than that would only open the door to a renewal of complications between the British Government and the Native races. We cannot fully comprehend what is meant hy the recall of Sir Bartle Frere. He is 'Governor of Cane Colony, and ia also "Her Majesty's High Commissioner" in South Africa. Whether his recall applies only to the High Commrasionership or to the Governorship as well, our telegrams do not inform us. He may possibly still retain the Governorship, and his presence in South Africa would doubtless be of great service to Sir Garnet Wolseley. It is also to be remarked that nothing is said about Sir Henry Ernest Bulwer, who is the 'Lieutenant-Governor of Natal, although Sir Garnet Wolseley ia appointed to civil as well os military command in that colony. It is quite probable, however, that the Lieutenant Governor will remain, and act under the new Commander-in-Chief, instead of under Sir Bartle Frere. IK the list of prize-takers at the Gracemere Show, published on Wednesday, it was stated that the silver medal for saddlery was ob- tained by Messrs. Rutherford Brothers. The winner of tho prise was Mr. John Rutherford. THE members of " Carlton's Ghost " troupe arrived by the steamer Derwent from Brisbane yosterday, after giving a series of very success- ful spectre entertainments in the capital. The company open at the School of Arts for a short season, and something decidedly new to Rockhampton audiences will be shown. A MESTING of the loo&l; insurance agents is called in the Council Chamber this afternoon, at four o'clock, to elect their member of the Fire Brigade Board. Under the provisions of the Fire Brigades Act of 1876, each brigade is to be managed by a Board consisting of three members, one bein? appointed by the Govern . ment, one hy the Municipal Council, and one by,the insurance companies. It is desirable that there should be a full attendance in order to expedite the arrangements for bringing the affairs of the Brigade under the new management. AT the Police Court yesterday, before tho Police Magistrate, James Kay, am steel by virtue of a warrant, WAS charged with assault- ing his wife, Catherina Kay. It appears that on Tuesday night last the prisoner severely ill-treated MB wife, and turned her ont of thc house at two in the morning. Tho com- plainant having been subjected to prisoner's violence on previous occasions, came to the Court for protection. The prisoner was sent to gaol for six months,"and at the expiration of that term to find sureties in the sum of £30 to keep thc peace. TOHHY YOUNO tifia» Ching Sing. Young, who was remanded by the Bondi here to Brisbane on a charge of larceny, has keen com- mitted for trial. From the Courier wc learn thc offence was stealing a letter with a cheque for £103 2s. Gd. enclosed, which was posted at Beenleigh, addressed to Messrs. E. and J. Young, of Queen-street, Brisbane, and in mistake delivered by the letter carrier to the prisoner, who got it cashed at the bank, and made tracks for the Celestial Empire. The misappropriation being discovered, he. was arrested by Detective Long on board the steamer Bunyip. THE prizes won at the regatta were handed to the respective winners at thc Oxford Arms last night, the members of the Rowing Club mustering in strong force on the occasion. Votos of thanks were accorded to the Officials bavin;; tho management nf affairs con ncrteil with the Regatta; to Mr. Dick for tlie uso of thc Ant, and to Mr. Byerley of tho Bridge, for the use of tho pontoon. The following is a list of the winners :-All Comers Champion Sculls : Gold medal, E. Butcher. Senior Sculls : finid modal presented by Mr. S. Williams, W. Sewell. Junior Fours: Trophies valued at £4 4s., TI. Johnson. O. F. F.liott, E. A. Milford, and J. S, Ferguson. All Coiners Fours : First prize £4, J. Thomas sro, J. Craig, J. Walls, and E. Mark crow ; second pria», £2, T. Part, J. Rob', son, W. Belfield, and W. Schmidt. Senior Pairs : Mr. Pcarse's Cups, W. Sewell an 1 E. IC. Ogg. Maiden Sculls : Mr. Pearses m?Jul. T. M. Barns. All Comers Sculls (2nd class): prize, £2 2s., James Markcrow. Junior Pairs : Trophy valued at £2 2s., li. A. Milford anl T. M. Bains. Senior K'inra : Trophies valued at £4 4s. ; Brinks crew : W. Sewell, H. Salmon, J. IV.1Í7. mid I A. J. (Jrai All ioniors Pails : rme, £3 3S-. I J. M.irkcrnw and M. Wilson. Maiden Fours: I Trophic* raine,! nt £4 4s" J. fi. FcrirawM. I K. AV. l^igh, T. W. Miller and W. Goldner. Gig and Dingy s prire, £2 2B., T. Part, J, Robison, J. Part, and E. Markcrow. Double Sculls: tropliios valued at £2 2e., T. M. Barns and E. A. Milford. < \- r - . ?-X.v "ACROSS the Continent" has had a very successful run, there being a very fair bouse at the Theatre last night-the fourth time of its representation. To- night Miss Stephenson appearslas 'Eddy Mil in "East Lynne" a character of which she has a vivid concep- tion. As it is announced that this evening will be the only opportunity to.see.this cele- brated drama, there will doubtless be a large audience. ' FEOM a time-table furnished to the local agents of the A. S.N. Company we gain infor- mation respecting the running of the Com- pany's steamers and the trade they are engaged in. Steamers leave Sydney , tor Brisbane on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and leave Brisbane for Sydney on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Each Thursday a boat leaves Sydney for Maryborough and this port and vice WOT. The Watonga and Katoomba . are , engaged in tuc ' trade between Brisbane, Sydney, .and Mel- bourne, making the trip through, a steamer being despatched every Saturday. The usual weekly mail boat leaves Sydney each Monday, and the Lady Bowen and Queensland make trips during thc month ' from Brisbane to Rockhampton, calling at the intermediate ports. Four trips per woek are mado to the Hunter River, and the Yaralla is despatched twice a month from Brisbane to Rockhampton, Broadsound and Mackay. We also hear that Captain H. Webber has been appointed to thé command of the Ocean «ice Edmondson, Cap- tain Nightingale taking Captain Webber's place in the Egmont, and Captain Williams, late of the Tinonee, being in charge of the Queensland. WE have already given a digest of the pro- minent facts and figures relating to sheep farming in Mr. Gordon's report laid before thc Assembly, but tho returns with reference : to cattle, though not so complete, are interesting and deserve full publicity. As under the Brands Act no returns are made hy owners of ' less than fifty head, the actual number of cattle in the colony cannot be " ascertained from them ; but it would appear from the information already obtained, that tho losses hy drought in 1876 have not been so heavy as was anticipated. 'On tho 1st January, 1878, the assess- ment showed a total of 2,140,700 head of horses and cattle, whilst on 1st January last the assessment represented 1,900,000, showing a falling off of only 180,007, and the returns from the distant districts are not yet to hand. During the year 1878 13» bulls worth £12,248, and 78 cows valued at £3912 wore impoi ted from the southern colonies ; and in addition to these a large number of valuable shorthorn bulls and heifeis were intro- duced bordcr-wiso into the western districts. In consequence of the prohibition against cattle from the United Kingdom having been rescinded, stables have been built at Dunwich to accommodate nine head, but the term of quarantine being fixed at ninety days, aocom modation to keep different shipments distinct will be necessary. Permission has been granted to erect the additional stables on the island of St. Helena, which is, Mr. Gordon remarkB, admirably suited for the purpose, now that the'jetty is in course ofcompletion..? The. cost of the building is to. be defrayed from an unexpended balance that bas been standing for over twelve years tA Hie trodiVrif a find raised uudcr the Diseased Animals Act, which imposes the restrictions on imported stock. BrjitRCM RAITAVAY.*-The latest < news to hand <soys the W. B. Newe of the 24th instant) is that all preliminary arrangements have been made by ;Mr. Hurley, oh behalf of Sydney capitalists, and ' Mr. Whitley on behalf of the Burrum and Maryborough, Tho project is that the Sydney men find the frester ' part: of tho necessary capital to evclope tho coalfield and build the railway from thc Gympie line to tho Burr|un, . The capital of thc company will lie £100,000. Mr. Hurley will arrivé in Brisbaue in a few days to await the passing of a private bill to enable him to complete tho scheme. Mr. Whitley will arrive to-day from Brisbane after a sojourn in tho South of nearly three months, during which time ho has so far successfully negotiated this very important matter. To us it appears that thc fate of our district now lies with Parliament, and we sincerely hope the great effort wo have mado to assist our- selves will bo duly recognised and acknow- ledged by it ; that at least Mr. Hurley will be met in a fair and even generous spirit. 