THEATRICAL MEMS. cfbom ous ow.t 0"u!l>.8i'ou!-:xt ) Mcloonrne. June -7. A constant supply of novelty appears to he the order of the day at tile 'The "ire ! Royal. "Within the past ihroe wwks are j Iiave had produce! no Jess tli.au three ; sensational dramas, each receiving a.frnv : share of public support. and cavii pr«- j SCnted v.- hi: tin: suae skill iii a.ruuy, scenic j arrangements, and mechanic si e.'lcci winch mark the management of tlii.s house. -On | Satur L.y nigh: a now drama <o tae lu.Jny ; spievj. sensational , order, entitled ' The ' Sole Survivor' was produc 1 with, so i:tr j as the plaudits or crowded stalls, nit. 1 fnuiilv circle, and gulk-rv was concerns i. more than ordinary success. Oi the mcrns of the drama its. -If. 1 can say but link. Tfe is said to ha.v.: boon avritten by the authors of ' Queen's Evidence,' ir:v ; whether written by tisose geitiiemji:, or : hy any oih-.-i equally oxigaiit senf.-e or scribes, is matt : of lit Jo import:: -wo. : " Quean's Evidence" -it a mere cunv-x-' mil of scenes pirated from oilmr dramas, and adaj'tvd t til" T:u-!!is of tlic tno v.' in which it was orkiia- Jy introduced, -0;.: when I .' iy (ha:, th- .". re '.-.as t lie " Ear! . in is ttie Ci.y-r ad, ir, can rrmi'y be understood that literary merit was u->- mucli con-. :.i!H:ii-.'c. "The Sol." or cannot el J.u a-: nntch considerate';: in: this respect, as " Queen." s Evidence, rod , yet i i. was boisterously welcomed on .Satur- ! day, I' '. as i have said, a cro w-.ffid ence. The scon -:y a\;;-. thy usual j of excellence v.- Inch marie > the efforts of ! Mr if enning?, us. a'-. a w -re the mo- : chanica! cdteEs or Mr tSsorr. nior-.s particularly with re: .reave to the light house .scone, with iwilva: lights. in tlie last act. The aiding MnMUghunt by ir m.'... i- :a . re... v. iTib'ahi b A.jjLkii in:, kidkhb. «..au, ».?L; »' '<j. Taylor, and Mrs. 1 fiyov v.- a, eii'ectivo, and duly appreci ited, but over the other m-r.u- r hers or this c '.nipauy, more especially tlie ladies, I reluctantly draw a .veil. " Friend?" iia.s o-jmphteiy hit the of our 11 upp ,-r crust d but appears to h.- much less appreciated, bv as sir Joseph Porter describes tlicm in Pinafore, "the lower middle class," who. as yet. are scarcely capal.de, judging by their lack of interest, in the come ly, of a: pj-uc-iurmg its sterling merit, both in point of dia logue and construct '0.1, r..» say nothing of the completeness of its prudiiction in all other rosp ;ct s. Tito company is, as a whole, an admirable one. They work to gether in most commendable harmony, evolving effects in comedy-acting of a truly cxliilirating character. 1 have heard some people speak of this c anedy it: Terms of disparagement, assigning as a reason -for their exceptions what they have been pleased to designate " the naughtiness of its tendencies bur. 1 confess 1. have nor. znyseh been able to discover a sentence or a word that should or could be so mis construed as to raise a- blush upon the cheek of the straigli test -laced lady who -ever attended a theatrical performance. The theatre has been well attended during "the past week, the dress circle and stalls presenting a nightly appearance that must have been gratifying tc the management, ac .it. must have been to those frequenters, of this always popular house who desire to see the liberality of the managers re warded. Per a very long period the play goers of Melbourne have not had such an opportunity of witnessing an admirable comedy, admirably acted and appointed , as they now have ; and, although i do not agree altogether with the opinions enun- ciated by some of our critics as to the .individual excellencies of all the artistes concerned, I am quite willing to recognise in tlieir .collective capacity a combination that has been rarely equalled in the Southern Hemisphere. Mr Marshall is, I think, ilic best low comedian I have seen out of London. His stature, in a great measure, assists his histrionic efforts, and I shall be much surprised if he does not prove himself to be the biggest and, at the same time, the smallest low coin edian of his age. Mr Warde -is also an actor of more than or- dinary capability, from whom good things 'may be expected. Then we have Mr Roberts, great in representation dialect parts, and whose Irishmen arc said to be equal to anything we have had since the days of Power, not even excepting John Drew, and bur own " Billy O'Neill" and, Mr Arthur Garner, who, although not by any means a great, actor, is always re spectable, and by his inforced gentlemanly manner commands cm attention, as it does our approbation. Of the ladies, Mrs Garner (Miss Stammers) takes the foremost place in my estimation. When at the Royal some seven years since, dividing the business with Eleanor Carey in the juvenile rules of the drama, she evinced a large amount of ability, though to an extent marred by a mannerism which greatly detracted from the success of her renderings. This objective element lias disappeared, and we now have in Miss Stammers an actress of high ability, phy- sically and mentally, with perfectly finished attributes in all that she has to do, as evidenced in her performance throughout the comedy. Sirs Marion Stammers, who represents the elderly lady of the comedy, is certainly the best representative of this class of character since the days of Mrs Alfred Phillips. Refined and lady-like in manner, she wins upon her audience gradually, but surely ; and, should she may never play another part, she will have left a most agreeable recollection of lier performance in "Friends." Miss Dora Santon, a sister of the clever little lady, Mrs Titheradge, who lately at the Academy charmed us in "False Shame," is an accomplished artiste, and will make her way ; while Miss J Annie Taylor, in her performance of the soubrette of the comedy has stamped herself a most capable actress in this line of business. The comedy increases nightly in favor with, as I have already said, the. . under crust of society. Possibl-o- i'fc will reach the lower stratum before it is withdrawn; at all events, no change in \- the bill is likely to be made, although it ! is no w in the third week of representation. ; The Academy of Music has still "Pinafore" to the fore, doing splendid business, filling the treasury, and, peri- force, adding to the importance of the man- _ agement. A new burlesque from the joint pens of Gilbert and Sullivan, authors of "Pinofore," to be called "The Sorcerer," has been in active musical rehearsal dur ing the past week. . I do not, however, think any change .will be made for some > time; indeed, the withdrawal of such a -. success as: "Pinofore" lias proved to be, until it has been fairly played out, would be a great managerial blunder, which I do not think Messrs Hall and Lingard are likely to make. The acting and vocalism of Mrs Lingard and Mrs Hall are still marked by their skilful in- i fArpretaiion of the anthers' meaning. Mr j For d, as the captain, and Mr Skinner, as I the audacious tar who presumed to love his captain's daughter, have greatly im- prove-l in their renderings of- the cha racters. Mr Ford is less faulty in his hrbnation, and Mr Skinner more appre ciative of the music which falls to his lot. Of Mr Hall. Mr Lingard and Mr Oily D x-rhiir. 110 more need be said than that tfiv-r are as funny as ever. "Animal Magnetism'" still holds a place in the bills, ami nightly elicits roars of laughter. This I piece will be withdrawn in the course of a week, to make way for a comedietta, - in 1 which Mr Lingard will play the principal parr. The Princess Theatre is in a dreary ! condition. The pieces lately produced, j I since the secession of Messrs Tliornc and Rigiiol.l, proved to have been total ! failures. The weekly "ghost " did not I make its appearance, a matter which will j require some explanation at the hands of j i the nr-.nagor : and now I am creditably i 1 infer iiie.l the company are holding to- j ' aether up m the ' commonwealth prin- I cii'/le until something move encouraging , 1 turns up. Ir' is whispered that a total ! : change if: the management will shortly i happen, f-i t ie interest of the profession, j it is to be hoped so. ! The sudden death of Mr Bates, the actor, has excited a profound sympathy j for his widow and children amongst ail j classes, tru more especially in that class ' h ; which he belonged. Immediately after vim funeral on Wednesday, which was ! . at-cnd'.-l by nearly till his brother actors i now in Melbourne, a meeting was called f«>r rim purpose of taking action in the organization of a benefit tor the bereaved : widow. The result of the meeting ; 1 -i"i i»itiAnn/''riinenl » ; III. U-.IUWlUlVON.UUI/ Vll.W tc matinee wa.s arranged to- take place at ' the Theatre Royal on next Saturday, at j which the "Friends" Company, the j Theatre Itoval Company, and the Academy ! of Music C< imj >any will take part, together j with several ladies and gentlemen not ! imn> .uliatel y engaged The "Friends" j Company will play a two act comedy ; the I Academy of .Music Company will present the second act of " Pinafore."' and the j Rnya! Company, assisted by Mr Catheart, the masquerade act in the " Corsicau j Brothers ; all members of the profession | appearing in the dress of characters with | which tliej- have identified themselves. ! As the .iioatre is given for the occasion j by the proprietary, the printing, occ. , by i Messrs R,ol" and Marshall, and the i services of the art-is: es spontanconsly ! rendered gratuitously out of respect : to .Mrs Bates, an l in memory of the ! deceased, it is confidently, expected i that there will be such a gathering as I will, .is far as human means go, mitigate the widow and orphan children's sunering in their sad bereavement. No clue as yet has been discovered in respect of the property stolen from the body. The attendance at St. George's hall has been but moderate. The diorama is well painted, and as a vehicle for the dissemina tion of useful knowledge in respect of New Zealand, will answer the purpose of its projectors. It is now know that the 1 exhibition of New Zealand scenery is ; patronised by the Government of that ! colony, and will be sent to England, with a view to emigration from the old country, the expense being supplemented from the New Zealand Treasury Why do not our rulers adopt a similar bourse ! 