HIS OPINION. \- .. [By 'Momos.'] 0-yr«. ynn're quite right, it really ih tne ; No. I'*e not been to London, nor yet to Pari*, Onlv *0 Sydnoy, to pny my rcspects To the Qov'nor tlial's gone, and to bow to the neit. , Don't auk, if yon please, wlmt T think of the hay ; 1 I was asVed that down thero at leant ten times a day. . But X* vp peen the cily nntl barbor of Bio, ( Yet Naples to me is the queen of the trio. That the harbor is beautiful there's no denying, ? Rut 'tis to a stranger exceedingly trying To be asked your opinion again nnd again | Some Sydney folks surely have ?' bay on the brain.' The electric light. Saw it ? D' yon think I was blind 1 Like it ? Well, I'll tell you exactly my mind ; . Emij man that was working, every 'bow' at his post, looked so awfully ghastly, just like a gheflt. It ceemed like ghosts hullding the Tower of Babel, And tho dark sky above' looked so gloomy and sable, And the bright ghnstly light that you came to inspect Had a very unearthly ' Der Freischatz' effect, Did I visit the ' House ? ' I did, you bet, And I saw gentle Mac in a terrible Bweat ; Someone 'mongst the strangers sung out ' It's a lie ; ' ' -Now, wasn't that enough his sweet temper to try ! That the language be uses is 'childlike and bland' Is a fact recognised by all in the land ; So with hot indignation his bosom near burst, To think that he couldn't bave giv'n the lie flrat. 'Mr. Windeyer was blowing about one more jadge; Three's quite enough.*1 ' ' O, that is all fudgo ; ' Some attorney or barrister mnBt have the billet, He wasn't particular, he tbonght it could fill it. And then they got talking about our line. 0,' those dear Sydney people, they can cnt it fine. . Twenty-five thousand more I too muoh ; what a pity. Then' ihey turned round and asked twice as muoh for the city. ' 'The revenue ; pshaw 1 it has not diminished ; That railway to Melbourne, they don't want it finished. Who cares for the country ? 0, bother the nation ; Wo are Sydney, and go in for centralisation. They don't treat os well. here In Biverina, They have always been mean, now they mean to be meaner ; -. If we ' cut the cable ' and join the south, I wonder who'll look very down in the mouth I Victoria's arms are stretched out to caress us ; If we only go to her, by Qeorge I won't she bless us I * j But solid protection stands ghastly and grim. And Ambassador Berry. Well, we'll have none of him. Give ns our share of the loaves and the iishes ; Why Sydney's grown fat from the pick »f our dishes. Spend some of the money with those who produce it, Give ns onr 'whack,' and don't try to reduce it, . Give ns cheap fares to the great exhibition j Thpy will find onr money a useful addition ; 'To the thousands that's spent on the ppnplp in town, But don't tiy to lupooe'ur to trample us down. 