Echuca, Mo.uca. Ayn Ksa.vya Advgrthhr. (PCJB LIS HUD .DAiMT:)'. Eokooa, Thursday, May, 1, 1370. raB manner iu which the meetings of fche-Echuca Shire Council have re recently been conducted, is scarcely likely, to raise that body in the estimation of the public. Under the old regime there were disorderly scenes occasionally, and members were not always as careful in the selection of their language as they might have been ; bat we were, assured that amongst the uiauy advantages which would accrue l't'oin a subdivision of the ridings, and a conse quent increase in the number of members, not the least would bo that the spirit of cliquesm hitherto alleged to exist, would be stamped out, and that the difficulty of forming combinations would be so «reat that tlie whole might be expected to work harmoniously and earnestly together of the gcncr.il good of the Shire. So far, events have not justified this assurance of the personnel of tile Council, there is no cause to complain In point of position and intelligence we believe the members would compare favorably with those of any slnre council in the colony. They have all the capacity requisite to conduct the busi ness of the shire in a thoroughly business like manner, but that they do not do so ^niusfc be evident to all who have read the "reports of recent meetings. If the spirit ot chqueism has boon east out, another and a far more disagreeable one appears to have taken possession of the Council, and the tune.which ought to be devoted.to a careful consideration of the requirements of the ratepayers is to a very Jarge extent de voted to angry recriminations, -gross per sonalities, and unseemly squabbling ove-. matters of 110 importance in themselves, and which are only brought-forward for the purpose of breeding strife and ill-feeling last meeting, for example, the proceedings "were commenced by^ thep waste- of more than- rlt\Vo >liours;';'ovor. a., discussion upon a subject which there was not the slightest necessity to bring -before the Gouncil.afc all, 1 and which, certainly when it was brought "forward .should have been disposed of in half a ;dozen minuses. . Amongst the . Goftespond ence the -Secretary;had' jiresotv^-cdpiesioF letters, which had been forwarded during the month by the promotersro'f tKs move° ment for securing the annexation of a portion of the .shire of Waranga to that of Echuca. Technically speaking, it may be admitted that this was an irregularity. The letters —or at least some of tham—were not official documents, and they should not have appeared in the official letter' book ' even although the writer of them happened' to be the President of the Council.. But the: movenienthad been fully sanctioned by the Council, and the explanation given by the Secretary when his conduct was impeached was a rational one. He stated tfiAt his' object was to preserve in Ike books a record Of the whole transaction. ; Jfo possible' Imrm could be done by adopting this course, and jits convenience for future reference must be apparent. But it suited cer tain members -to make this a cams belli, and over : ;it ; the.-;wa.r waged furiouslv tor..two mortal hours. Councillor Brisbane rooved that thb'letters in *(ju'6st'ion be ex punged, and the principal reason nr^ed by him in support of liis motion -was certainly air extraordinary one. If he had contented himself With objecting that the letters were non-official, and that • therefore they were •not entitled to official preservation, the argument, though; captious, Would at .All events have been tenable. ' Bat the mover ,was actuated by another and a very differ ed motive. The lone of some of the letters, it appiarad, was objectionable to the Minister of Public Works, who had cliaracteiised "thin as] " insolent " and impertinent," and had resented certain references which had been made in them -;to some bungling, and which references he : understoodalthough without sufficient justification—to be intended to apply to tne officers of his department. From what .Councillor Brisbane stated, the Minis ter of Public Works was so indignant that ho not only would not allow the letters to be answered, but was very nearly refusing to listen to a deputation of the Council upon quite other business in order to mark his displeasure. It Was to pacify , . 'hunter that Councillor Brisbane desired the letters to be expunged, and although lie did not meet with much sup port upon ^ this ground the discussion branched ott into so many different direc tions and assumed such a variety of aspects that it almost appeared as though it would be continued during the whole "of the day. Into the details of the discussion we need not enter. It was fully reported in our issue of yesterday, and the report was not at all of an edifying character, nor calcu lated to impress the ratepayers with a very exalted idea of the wisdom of their repre sentatives. It is only right to say that several^ of the members took no part in the discussion whatever, except occasionally to urge a gentle protest against tlie waste of time] which it involved, and the discredit which it reflected upon tlie Council, but as eveiyone is permitted to speak to every motion just as frequently as he can find anything fresh to say, and not the slightest efiort is ever made to enforce the rules of clebate,^ the paucity of speakers made very little difterencc. There were quite enough to keep the ball rolling for two hours, and it was not till the cross-fire of flat contra diction, accusation, and personality was ex hausted, that the absurd motion was put and negatived. If this were an isolated case, it would of course be unfair to draw prominent atten tion to it. But, unfortunately, it is not so. At the previous sitting, almost the whole day was occupied with unseemly wrangling leaving the really important business of the meeting to be hurriedly dealt with at the close, and it is rare indeed that any meeting takes place which is not inter rupted by similarly objectionable proceed- ( ings. Members must surely perceive that j it is not in such a manner that the interests of an important shire can be properly attended to. For apart from the waste of time which these purposeless disputes cause, they are productive of dtlidr dud more serious injury^ Tlioy must tend to impair and ultimately to destroy that good feeling which ought to exist amongst mem bers, and which is essential to the 'efficient discharge of their corporate functions. It is quite ilhi"6a.3rtna\\)lo to suppose that after occupying themselves for hours in bandying offensive personalities, councillors will gently settle down to a calm and delibera tive discussion of matters which affect the ratepayers. As a matter of fact-, we know that they do nob. Feelings of bitlerncss and captiousness are GiigtMulered. Motions are opposed} not- because they ought to be, but because they are brought forward by particular members, aiul as a means of pay ing off old grudges, and thus the rate payers are made to suffer for the sins of offending councillors. It is of course objectionable that this should be so, but it is not to be wondered at. There is a great deal of human nature even in shire councils; and it would be idle to expect members to work cordially together as a body who are always saying spiteful tilings of each other individually. We trust there will be no further cause of com plaint Qii this score, but that in future meetings of the Council will be conducted in a mannef irtoro in accord with the posi tion of the members, and more calculated to serve the interests of those whom they represent. The Port Darwin* Linte—-The overland telegraph lino was again interrupted yester-1 day, north of Charlotte WaMrs, so that messages by cable Cedld Uot be transmitted from Port Binvhi. RjLWard.—Elsewhere a reward of Lo is offered for the conviction of the person who injured the horse of Mr. Wm. Halt, at Echuca North, on Tuesday last. The Empso's.—It is announced ; else where that the old favorites tlie.Enijisons will open in the Tenipeniiide Hall, Echuca, on Monday evening next, with fresh attrac tions. Esnis v. Finn.—In tlio' case' of illegal detention of a dray and harness brought by Henry Ennis v. Patrick Finn in the" Echuca j Police Court on Tuesday, Mr Pennefather, i who appeared for plaintiff, desires us to state that the dray, was brought down from j Hay by Laurence Finn, not by the defen dant in the actiom . . Atfexiox SAbe*—T^he sale of the house hold furniture of 'Mr Vines to-day, by Messrs Pillans, Vines" and Co., will take place at 2 o'clock, instead of 12, at the advertised - place. The alteration of time has been made in consequence of the large number of lots to be classified, and also to , suit convenience of purchasers. . . : | iTns^ ^SavNDAfe^tTndor this heading/ in our report of the Shire Council meeting, it ta stated that the shire secretary intimated trt the meeting that it 'had been :Vr64bnnc'ed''in :cdurt'that " the Ooftncil" would pay the amount- sued for by Mr M'Kinney. This should read " Coun : cillors" instead!; ypff. Council." : .The ; "Council,"as such,"refused to"adranee a' ' .'penny beyond; the sum paid into court j but Mr Akeliursfc stated' iti thd (joitiity (jdurfc at Shepparton that Mr MTKiAnty Would be paid, and tli&t; art actual offer of the amount claimed' had been made by individual Q iriicillors out of tlieir private funds. Hence, also, the'reference in our report to ;the ; shire ; secretary's'intimation - that Mr. M'Kinney had 'asked' him '' to bring'itlie , matter before tke? Councillors privately." Tllfi Pofctce (2o\\)M.-—There was no busi ness irails&cted; at the Echuca Police Court yesterday, when Dr . Croker and Mr. 0. M. • Seward presided, beyond dealing with a pair of drunkards. One was sent to the. lock-up for 24 hours, and the other was discharged. ;/MiTiiutb.—A correspondent;//writing. from MitinmOv uudcf Tuesday's dat6isays;—On Friday Irtat at the sale held of Ten-i£ks by -M!es8r3. ;S-;ftdbolt ^lidfett., the booth and , gates for t?ie IVirrick and Mitiamo Racing 't&ub; Stild. The bidding was good. Air"' Mauning of the; BLomebush,; Mitiamo, be came the purchaser at a fair price, £12 10s., The gates fell to F. Hardiinan for £4. 10s., while the fruit stall was sold to Mr, Davis for os. For the Tet'riek artd Mitiamo Handicap there are 13 eiUfiesGxVub'dtfer Stakes, 21 entries; for fcfy.rrlitt, 9 entries. Last night ifroift abou^ Six o'clock to ten.a line . steAdy V-iilU fell here. After ten it s'acfioned oft, but the creek opposite" the township, whiclv has been dry'so" -lorig^h'as'. now a good 3 feet of. water. This morninp . (Tuesday) is cold and cloudy, and more ruin , is hanging about. . D'ArcY Read's Giirst-.—ThU extraordi nary spectral entertaitirtieiH, which has been received \Viiu. marked favor in Sydney, iVIei , iMltftiO, Ballarat, Sandhurst, and other centres of population will be presented at the Temperance Hall, Echuca, this evening. Th^ i entertainment is altogether unique, and is as amusing as it is interesting. It is now anine ! years since Professor Pepper astonished the people of London by the production of his ghost at the Polytechnic, and various were the apecnl.\tions as to the means by which the extraordinary optical illusion iVas produced. But Mr D^Arcy Read is hot satisfied with one ghost. Ht) preSe.its his audience with a stage full of them, and compels thein to go through a variety of parforinances, many of which are of anything but a ghostlike charac ter. For example, he has atroupe of phantom Christy .Minstrels, who go through the ortho dox iiiggor business, with this addition that they suddenly make their appearance ntibody knows from whence, and as suddenly dis- , , appear nobody knows whither. This is only one feature, and by n.. mean* the most inte resting of the entertainment. There is the representation of a Haunted House, the wietched inhabitant of which is troubled bv all manner of] unwelcome visitors from the other worid who appear and disappear in the most bewildering manner. Professor Pepper's iljnsion, entitled " Temptation, ' or the Knight watching his Armor," wiil also be re produced, and the entertainment will be accompanied by musica' selections of great variety rendered by artistes of ability. Addi. tional information may be gathered from oar ! advertisement columns. 1 _ 13 .kol-gh Rates.—At last night's meeting tne rate collector reported having collected during the last two weeks the stun of £G l'is making a tot il collected of £2,371 6s Gd and leaving due the sum of £158 13^ to dil'tQ Football.—Yesterday afternoon the foot ball season was opened in Echuca by a goodly number of members of the Park and^ Half IIoliday clubs turning out for practise. Tim weather was well suited for the exercise" and as is usual at the beginning of the season before players get into practise, spills vvero frequent, and clothing sufFered in proportion We believe it is the intention of the S 1 Club to challenge the Deniliquin players' to a match , to come off on the Queen's Birthday at Deniliquin. J Native Companions.-All day yesterday large Hocks of native companions were to be seen flying over tho town, and many hun dreds must have crossed over, the peculiar c:y of the birds when an unusually l:ir„e flock were crossiinr, tilling the air. Th»v fietv in regular order in the shape of a letter V or sometimes of the numeral 7, and til made in a northerly direction. The approach of the cold weather is supposed to be the cause of the exodus of the birds, which have cone northward to more congenial climates 