LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, 2nd December. Mr. Li. U. Smith asked the lion, the Chief Secre tary if it is a fact that SO head of Mi', Tyson's cattle died between Melbourne and Pakenham a distance of about 35 miles; if so, has that mob been inspected, a post mortem examination made, ** rePorfc the nature of disease .sent in to the Chief becrotary; and, if so, will ho publish it for the benefit of afcockownera. Mr. Berry read a lengthy reply from tlio Chief ■Inspedtor, froui U'hich it appeared that djrtnin in quiries wero being made into the matter. In reply to a further question from the same lion, member Mr. Berry said that while lie was not prepared to promise to appoint a Royal com mission on tho subject; he considered an investi gation OUjjlit to be Undertaken. Mr. Dow asked the lion, tho Conlniissiwjler of Railways—(1.) Whether up on the completion of the railway connection between Spencer-street and Sandridge ho will hare wheat and other agricul tural produco conveyed right through to the sea board at the same rates as those between the up country stations and Spencer-street, and (2) whether in-tead of charging at the rate of 3d. per toil per mile between the seaboard and Spencer street upon wheat and other grain rejected for export purposes lie will allow it to return free. Mr. Woods, in reply, said that this was a question affecting tile Hobson's . Hay Railway equally with tho Government lines. it h:ul hitherto been tho policy of the Government to interfere as little as possiblo with tlia working of the Hobson's Bay liuo, mattera being there carried on pretty much as before the property was- acquired by tho State. The assimilation would go on gradually, and he had just been in correspondence with Mr. Llsdon, of tho Hobson's Buy line, on the subject, livery effort would bo made to meet the require ments of the export trade. If that trade increased to a large extent it would be necessa:v to adopt a system similar to that in the Unitccl States, and to provide special trucks with apparatus for filling them with grain direct without intermediate hand ling. Mr. M'Intyra gave notice of his intention on Thursday to ask the hou. the Commissioner of Lands if he would state why the liamarooka State Forest had been taken from under the control of the local forest board, and if it was his intention to throw open the said forest for selection. Mr. Gaunson gave notice that on the motion for the third reading of tho Constitution Act Amend ment Bill lie would move that the word " now" be loft out, with a view of inserting "this day three months." Sir Bryan O'Loghlen moved for leave to bring in a bill to authorize the extension of the Carls" rulie and Daylesford Railway. In reply to questions it was explained that the bill provided for a change iu the site for the Daylesforu station. Tho bill was read a first time, and ordered to bo read a second time on Thursday. The House then went into committee for the further consideration of tho Constitution Act Amendmont Bill. Mr. Berry said that lie proposed to move a new clause in place of clause (j. The new provision was as follows:—"Notwithstanding the rejection of an annual Appropriation Bill, or of a Consoli dated Revenue Bill, by the Legislative Council, and iu the event of such 'rejection' then, on the adoption by the Legislative Assembly of any report from the Committee of Supply containing a resolution that any sun be granted to Her Majesty such sum shall become legally avail able for and applicable to tho service or pur pose mentioned in such resolution, and may be issued accordingly out of the consolidated revenue, anything in the 55th seetioii of the Constitution Act to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided always that the 'rejection' of any .such bill may bo_ held to have takeii place fcJr the purposes of this section upon any such bill not having been passed by tho Legislative Council within one month after its transmission from the Legislative Assembly, unless Parliament be sooner dissolved or prorogued." In proposing this clause lie wished to make a few remarks. He might say in tho first place that he had no doubt some hon members would consider it unnecessary to embody a clause like this in »n act of Parliament. He desired to ( point out, however, that the want of such a clause had led to very great evil and inconvenience in this colony. This was no new question. The claim embodied in this clause had been made by tho Legislative Assembly almost from its first initia tion. It contained nothing elso but what tho As j sernbly had always contended for during the four deadlocks that had occurred in this colony. He himself had never varied from tho opinion that our Constitution Act was intended to confer upon the Legislative Assembly all the rights and privileges of the House of Commons,' and this was all that was now contended for. He was sur prised to find that the slightest difference should arise about this clause in tho liberal ranks; in fact prior to 1S65 he never heard a doubt ex pressed as to the interpretation of our Constitu tion Act in this respect. Tho hon. member then I proceeded to read oxtracts from an article in the Westminster Jtevicw in Bupport of the powers em bodied in the clausOi He also referred to the opinions on the samo question enunciated by Mr. | Higinbotham, Mr. Michio, and other legal au thorities. With such a provision as this in exist ence there would bo no more deadlocks, but with out it we might have another one before another year was out that would bo attended with equal inconvenience with its predecessors, and probably much more danger. Ho believed the provision t" be absolutely necessary if deadlocks wero to be are vented. Ho contended that it contained nothing that was not within the four corners or the rights and privileges of the House of Commons, and he thought it would be an insult to the Assembly to suppose that its own rights were anything less. The clause would only be required to be brought into operation for temporary purposes. The hon. member concluded by again urging upon the House the necessity of adopting the proposed pro vision in order to secure its undoubted right to the sole control of i^s financial legislation. Mr. Gillies said that if the hon. the Chief Secre tary had not thought proper to speak iu support of this clause, and to recapitulate the same argu ments respecting the respective powers of the House of Commons arid the Legislative Assembly as ho had done on previous occasions, —if the Chief Secretary had not taken that course —he (Mr. Gillies) would not have thought it worth while to take up the time of the House by discussing tho question. He coutended that the House of Commons neither asserted nor exercised any such claims as wero asserted in this clause. This was clearly shown by tho despatch or the Secretary of State of the 17th August. Under the Imperial Government money was legally available on an act of Parliament, and in that way alone. This clause would be used for permanent pur poses and not merely for temporary ones, iiud its effect would be similar to the action of presenting a loaded pistol at the head of the Legislative Council, and telling it to pass a bill, because if it refused to do so the Assembly would do without that House altogether. Such a clause would be a serious blot upon the bill, but he had no fear that the measure would be passed—not the ghost of a fear—and he was of opinion that if the country had the power to ileciilc the question it would never consent to place the sole control of the public funds in the hai.ds of a single House, and give it power to vote away money without the slightest check, and to d-> what it liked in refer ence to supply. He contended that it was quite right that the Legislative Co mcil should have the risrht of rotot and that such a right was very valuable. Ha again deprecated the putting for ward of a claim which w:is never asserted by the House of Commons, and repeated the opinion and the hope that the clause would never bicornc the law of the land. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen supported the clause on th3 ground that it merely formulated in express terms the existing law and practice of the House of Commons in reference to matters of finance. Mr. Casey denied the correctness of that asser tion, and contended that the claims contained in the clause were opposed to the views of Sir Michael Hicks- Beach as laid down in that hon. gentleman's dispatch. He then went oil to refer to the details of the actual practice of the House of Commons in the matter, which lie urged by no means justified the claiiiis now made on behalf of the Assembly. While admitting that a remedy was required for the existing evils, and the desirability of some mode of preventing dea I locks, he did m>t wish to see claims asserted which could 11 .'t bi sustained. He pointed out that in the event of a clause like this becoming Jaw fmurmoua powers would be placed in the hands of the Government of the day. The present Government would not last lor ever, ana it might bo succeeded by one with a large ma jority at its back who might carry a. bill for the payment of that majority alone, and not of what that Government might chooso to caH aa " tin scrupulous opposition." .}tmv," risked the hciu. member, "couldyou prevent that An Ihiii. member: iitimcv/ail it. (daughter.) Mr. (J.isey : But tlieii we might havo another " iron-li:tnd." 1 to then proceeded further to refer to the danger of a system Under- whi.di.the nxiom the spoils to the victor" .might so easily be carried into operation without check or hindrance. Mr. Lalor, in supporting the clause, said that t'.o Upper Housj in rejecting not only money hills, hut various measures of useful legislation upon which the country had set its heart, had a-.ted iu a manner contrary to'i'ii very essence and spirit of tho Eritish Constitution. This clause oniy claimed the powers of the House of Commons. (Mr. Gillies! "And more,") Not more, but less, for no written constitution could make its claims so full as those of the* unwritten parliamentary law of England. Tho clause would only be used in suds exceptional cases as that of tho rejection of an appropriation bill, and perhaps it would never require to bo used at all. Tho province of tho Upper limine was not to obstruct legi.latioii, but to point out anything that it thought was wrong in the measures of tho Assembly in order that such points might bo reconsidered. If a measure was endorsed by the country, and again sent to tho Council, it was the dut3r of that body to pass itr. He proceeded further to defend the clause as nece'ssar)' for the prevention of deadlocks and. the throwing out of Appropriation Bills for party political purposes. .Mr. Kerferd opposed tho clause for reasons similar to those adduced by previous speakers, and pointed out various anomalies and difficulties that would arise from virtually recommencing a parlia mentary session after tin rejection of an Appro priation Bill by tho Legislative Council. Mr, LoiuJnoro; Would not that be hotter than a deadlock? • Mr. Kerferd: It would in itself bo a deadlock of the worst kind. Me was convinced that the power claimed by this clause was opposed to tho prin ciples of the British Constitution, and he believed that if the matter was explained to tho people of this country thoy would be unanimously against giving such powers to a single branch of tho Legis lature. Mr. Andrew supported the clause. [13V FLKCTRTC TKLEGRAPH.] In the Council, on the conclusion of Mr. Laber tnuche's examination, Mr. AntLrson gave notice that ha wojld more for an amended return showing what appointments and dismissals have taken place of olHccrfl reoeiv" ing upwards of 7s. per day. Mr. O'uthbert moved the second reading ef the | Stamp Tax Bill. Mr. Sladen moved as an amendment the ap pointnlent of a Committee to Inquire into the prac tice of the Imperial Parliament with regard to similar bill*. The amendment was carried, and a committee appointed, consisting of the President, Sir Charles Sladen, and Messrs. Hearn, Cuthbert, Sargood, am! Dobson, who will meet at twelve o'clock to morrow. The House adjourned until tho next day. | In the Assembly, after refreshments, the dobate ou the sixth clause was continued. It was opposed by Sir John O'Shauassy, Dr. Madden, Messrs, Dow, Gautison, Cooper, Blackett, and Murray ' Smith, mid supported by Messrs. .Richardson, Pearson, rind Tucker.. At ten minutes past eleven tile committee divided .witii tile following result:— Ayes, 30; noes, 35; majority ill favor of tliti clailse, 1. Tho announcement of the result was received with clieers from the Ministerial benches, and vociferous counter cheers from tho Opposition. Mr. Williams moved a further amendment, with tile object of giving tho Council power to call for tile plebiscite ou the rejection of a money or tax bill. Great uproar ensued, and tlie aidendmeut was withdrawn. The bill was subsequently reported, with amendments, and the House then adjourned. The following is the division list:— Ayes.—.Messrs. Andrew, Barr, Bell, Berry, Billsou, Bowman, D. Cameron, A. T. Clad:, \V\ M. Clark, Cook, B. G. Davies, D. M. Davies, Dixon, Fincham, Grant, Hunt, Johnstone, Lang ridge, Laurens, Longmore, Mason, Mirams, Niinmo O'Hea, Patterson, Roes, Richardson, Sainsbury,- L. L. Smith, Major Smith, F. L. Smyth, Story, Tucker, Tytlierleigli, Woods, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. Noes.—Messrs. Bayles, Bent, Bird, Blackett, Bosisto, Brophy, Ji. H. Cameron, Carter, Casey, K. Clark (Sandhurst), R. Clark (Wimmera), Cooper, Dow, Francis, Fraser, Gaunaon, Giiiies, Graves, Harper, ICerferd, ICeruot, MacBain, Mackay, Madden, M'lntyre, Moore, Sir John O'Siianassy, and Messrs. Ramsay, Sergeant, Sharpe, A. K. Smith, li. M. Smith, Williams, Young, and Zox. Pairs.—For: Messrs. Lalor, Fergusson, and PoarsuUi Against: Messrs. Service, Orr, and Duify. 