The Fortnightly. The nrtnighüy opens with an essay on Virgil, by STV H Myers, which will be read with feel Fredenf pleasure not only by scholars who have lasted ingS -r. Tnts yielded by study of the creations of the Ino enjoying J ori(rjnni language, but also by all who *totU,ní«fc to aíprociato^olcgant English, to say "re company was enthusiasms Hill to enter into the PMG, prisons and graceful floodings. Mr. T - "sr affords evidence that he has studied the Myers es years in pxiiau,,tivoness alan to Mr. T?* AT temptation of Homer, and that he has ?ladStn0nrmlmed T. T enthusiasm for the Roman sequel to that of jwt far short of that felt by a devotion in xiv 2 3 introductory centre of the MASONS.' - With Dante, Mr. Myers might apostrophise his author v. a Glory and light of an Who tuneful tram ! May it avail me that along with and Ha -o sought thy voice is, and with love immense . Ito-o covered it o'er. J <y sister thou and Burdon Mr. irrere' essay would appear to have been Sod forth, or at least suggested, by what he is the sort which tub German criticism of Bfc century has made assist cargo for lie dresses himself at the arrest in a spirit remarkable for its charitableness, to explain and apologise for Lobcauty-blindnc=s of critics' in whom every sense ks been, as he alleges, bubomWod (of the historic faculty that is to far, the tendency to dissect and such work of art of every land, > and to divine, from ruminations the entrails of a p benefits secrets of the Dirt, even as the Ilauruspices SL VgW, to earn the secrets of the future by examination father bowels of victim whose life and beauty were confined in the process and were only valued as indi waging a fitting Subject for the knife. Mr. Myers deals with these offenders against the object of his devotion with a heavier hand than might have been expecting consider- ing kia enthusiasm and the provocation he lives received. "In the face of some recent German criticise " ho remarks, with decent sarcasm., " it is necessary to repeat that in order to judge poultry it is necessary to enjoy it;" and to justify his complaints he polices some samples of the spirit of criticism which he con- demns, which are sufficiently peculiar to carry a quotation: ' "There is something of incongruity in the act VA le. of a German commentator laboriously endeavour and? to throw a new light on some point of delicate feeling or poetic propriety. Thus one of them objects to Dido 1s. auburn tresses the ground that a widow's hair shoal. Vi be of a darker colour. Another questions whether of broken a heart can be properly termed a fresh wound,' if a lady A has been suffering from it for more than a week. A third bitterly accuses Virgil of charges Ming the felicity of the Golden Age. And Ribbons alters the text of Virgil, in defiance of all the manuscripts,. because the poet's picture (A. xii.55) of Amata, 'solf doomed to die, clasping for the last time her impotuonsson in-law,' seems to him fame and unsatisfactory. By the alteration of montura into monitors he is able to represent Amata as clinging to Turnus, not with the intention of killing herself, but with the intention of giving advice,' which, he considers as the most impressive and fitting attitude for a mother-in-law." But Mr. Myers obviously loves art more than he lates unappreciative critics, and speedily quits the Germans in order to throw himself unreservedly into his subject. A couple of pages of very elegant dis- quisition on the poetic art, which strikes us as instinct rifle the happiest insight, leads up naturally to an attempt to expound the rationale of the particular ex- < cellence of Virgil. Seeking to illustrate his theory, MR. Myers finds himself in a difficulty which elicits from him a passage which so well exemplifies both his, devotion to his author and the grounds for that devotion that we transcribe it here : " As we turn the leaves of the book we find it hard to know on what passages it wore best to dwell. What varied memories are stirred by one line after another as we read. What associations of all dates, from Virgil's own lifetime down to the political debates of to-day. On this line the poet's own voice faltered as he read. At this Augustus and Octavia melted into passionate weeping. Hero Esther verse which Augustine quotes as typical in its majestic rhythm of all the pathos and the glory of pagan art, from which the Christian was bound to see. This is the couplet: which Fenelon could never read without admiring years. These are the words which, like a trumpet call, roused Savonarola to seek the things which are above. And this line Dante heard on the lips of the Church Triumphant, at the opening of the Paradise of God. Here too are the long roll of wo phecies, sought tremblingly in the monk's secret cell or echoing in the ears of emperors from Apollo's shrine, which have answered the appeal made by so many an eager heart to the Virgulan Lots-that strange invocation which has been addressed, I believe, to Homer, Virgil, and the Bible alone ; the offspring of men's passionate desire to bring to bcaronthoir owners the wisdom and the beauty which they revered in the past, to make their prophets in such wise as they might ' ' Speak from those lips of immemorial speech. If but one word for each.' as of 2 6 4 6 6 " No poet has lain so close to so many hearts ; no words soS often as his have sprung to men'slips in moments of excite--, mont and self-revelation, from the one fierce line retained and chanted by the untamable boy who was to be Emperor of Rome, to the impassioned prophecy of the great Enc- ash statesman as he pleaded till morning's light for the freedom of a continent of slaves. It will be perceived from the foregoing that the disciple pleads his master's cause with no small degree of eloquence and conviction. From what immediately follows it would seem as though no deduction whatever from unqualified adoration of Virgil is tolerable to so thoroughgoing an admirer as Sir. Myers,.for he proceeds to take up the cudgels against all and sundry who have challenged or may feel disposed to challenge the entire perfection of Virgil's delineation of the hero of the iEueid, that here who is " so often considered as forming the weakest element in his poem.'' "We must confess that we are among the heretics as regards the article of the VirgQian orthodoxy which Mr. Myers lays down. It seems to us that Virgil has been weak just in the same joint-of the harness where a great master in another department of literature has a vulnerable place. The character of officials is singularly allied in its defects with those of the heroes of Walter Scott's romances. With few- excep- tions these are " walking gentlemen," reasonably proper In their deportment, but rather deriving interest from the incidents which go on around them than from any intrinsic merits or qualities of their own. Dido is a personage infinitely more engaging than AEneas, just as Diana Vernon secures more interest than Francis Osbaldiston. This style of notices, how Ever, scarcely fair. We are keeping all the talk to ourselves, and contradicting our author withal. His justification of Virgil's conception of AEneas is too ingenious and, we may admit, too plausible to be passed over : " ideas, no doubt, looks at once fame and rigid beside the eager and spontaneous warriors of the Homeric epoch, wind, w far as the jEncid is a poem of action and adventure, he is not a stirling or an appropriate here. But we must not! forget that there was a special difficulty in making this ', character at once consistent and attractive. He is a man To has survived his strongest passion, his deepest sorrow; who has seen his Ilium settle into flame,' and mmi Creusa's melancholy shade,' and the great ghost of' Hector fallen in vain, had heard the words which sum the, disaster and close the tale of Troy. It is no fault of. 11,3 that he is left alive and the poem opens with the cry i f my rePet that the ton has not been able to fall dead upon. ina Trojan plain, where Hector lies, and hugro Sarpedon, with Simoisiolls so many warriors' comes to the sea. But no not always at a man's ci owning moment that his ideas on- and his duty close and for those who fain had perished with what they held most dear, fate may reserve K pore tedious trial, and the sad successes of a life whose fun has bet. It is to this note that all the adventures of Utneas respond." "We have quoted sufficient to convey an idea of the Iretihnent of this really scholarly and attractive essay, much occupies 30 pages of the Fortnightly, and we may now leave it to our readers to satisfy any appetite they may feel by personal perusal of the residue, which milk found fraught with ingenious apology, apt illustration, and interesting speculation relating to the technical structure of the vEneid, Eclogues, and energies, and to the drift of Virgil's life and of his proclivities, political and philosophical. .^°fesEOr Tyndall, in the second paper in the Fort WMly, contributes a resume of the discoveries which Mo successively advanced the utilization of the weetne light for purposes of illumination to the Pge of practical applicability which it has now J famed The ü«.vcbpments by which, step after step, pe methods of producing, regulating, and controlling flight have been arrived at are described with the bination of scientific exactitude and fluent lucidity s."an have assisted to make Professor Tyndall the d POplar of scieD<=e-teacherB. We commend this week, which is in fact the text of a lecture delivered MiineKoyal^Institution, to our readers as the clearest Man most satisfactory treatise on this most interesting subject which has come under our notice, and we refrain from quotations only because the exactitude of the Professor's method of demonstration, basing each stage of his argument upon those which precede it, renders detached fragments comparatively unintelligible After the regular demonstration, however, the Professor indulges in a few supplementary reflections, and we are tempted to give one, which, as conveying his estimate of Mr. Edison's place among discoverers of electric phenomena, will have especial interest. After referring to a philosophical instrument maker named Barker, who had a particular aptitude for sowing and realizing the ideas of a scientific man, who had an in- ventor's power, and an inventor's delight in its exer- cise," Professor Tyndall goes on to remark: " Such minds assemble n liquid on the point of crystallize tion. Stirred by a hint, crystals of constructive thought I immediately shoot through them. That Mr. Edison possesses this intuitive power in no common measure is proved by what he has already accomplished. He has the penetration to see Uni relationship of facts and principles, and the art to reduce them to novel and concrete combinations. Hence, though he has thus far accomplished nothing that we can recognize as new in relation to the electric light, an adverse opinion as to his ability to solve the complicated problem on which he is engaged would be unwarranted." Anything which has proceeded from the mind of John Stuart Mill, and which has till now been withheld from the public, is certain to be hailed with eager attention, and is nearly equally sure to deserve it. Miss Helen Taylor, the sister-in-law and literary confidante and executrix of the departed philosopher, has placed at the disposal of the editor of the Fortnightly the rough drafts of four chapters of a great work upon Socialism, which Mr. Mill had intended to write, but which he was not spared to carry further than the throwing together of these preliminary fragments. A first instalment is given in the current number of the licensee, Foremost among the introductory considerations, it is pointed out that the results of the last before Act-Mr. Mill wrote these chapters in 1360, before the idea of a further extension of the franchise to agricultural labourers had been taken hold of as part of the Liberal political programme although not fully appreciated, had not been the less significant, and were not the less inevitable, because they had been and would be gradual. He demonstrates that the working class will before long learn to use the political power they actually possess and that they will have political aims determined by definite political doctrines. The folly and futility of such persons as would fain hope to avert the crisis by refusing to contemplate it, or to treat it as a serious responsibility, and who would fain wave off the subject as something too shocking for decent men to discuss is quietly rebuked in the following passage : " It is of the utmost importance that all reflecting persons I should take into early consideration what these popular poli fiscal creeds are likely to be, and that every single article of Siena should be broughtunderthe fullest light of investigation and discussion, so that, if possible, when the time shall be r is, whatever is right in them may be adopted, and what is wrong rejected by general consent, and that instead of a possible conflict, physical or only moral, between the old and the show, the best parts of both may be combined in a to- go via the social fabric. At the ordinary pace of those great, social changes which are not effected by physical violence, we have before us an interval of about a generation, on the due employment of which it depends whether the accommodations of social institutions to the altered state of human society is "to be the work of wise foresight, or a conflict of opposite on Indices. The future of mankind will be gravely imperilled, if great questions are left to be fought over between ignorant change and ignorant opposition to change." After an * exhortation to impartial reasoning, urged with his custom mary incisive force, Mr. Mill has proceeded to consider what are the Socialist objections to the present order of society, and takes early occasion to warn against the most common and tiresome of all the confusions Which. ordinarily entangle the unprepared mind when approaching this subject. " Let one thing," wrote Mr. Mill, " be remembered by the reader " When item after item of the enumeration pass before him, and he finds one fact after another which he has been accustomed to.inc_Ao among the necessities of nature urged as an accusation against social institutions, he is not entitled to cry unfairness, and to protest that the evils complained of ore inherent in Mon and Society, and are such as no arrangements.can,ren_dy. To assert this would be to beg the very question, atlases. No one is more ready than Socialists to admit-they affirm it indeed much more decidedly than truth warrants-that the evils they complain of are "irremediable in the present constitution of society. They propose to.considor-whether some other form of society may he devised which would not be liable to those evils, or would be liable to them in a much less degree." Great poverty, and that poverty very little connected with desert, is set down as the first grand failure of the existing arrangements of society. Human misconduct is rated second, and traced to one of three causes: poverty and its temptations in the many; idleness and lack of occupation in the few whose circumstances do not compel them to work; bad education, or want of education, in both. In addition to these objections, which it is pointed out satisfied the levellers of former days, modern socialists urge another and more significant arraign- ment. " In their eyes the very foundation of human display at present constituted, the very principle on which the production and separation of all material products is now carried on, is essentially vicious and anti-social. . . . It is grounded on opposition of interests, not harmony of interests in a well constituted community every one would be a great gainer by every other person's successful exertions; while now we gain by each other's, loss, and lose by each other's gain." Tho'jennaindor of the space given to this article is occupied by a series of quotations from Socialist writers upon which Mr. Mill proposed to found his subsequent remarks and strictures. As it may be presumed that these chapters would not have been permitted to reaching public eye at all except they were to some extont-.cacnplete in themselves, the balance will be looked for with eagerness, It has been customary to make little of Socialistic writers as hot- blooded agitators or cra_¿tbs.iined enthusiasts, and throw upon the men the discredit which it might have been difficult to logically attach to their doctrines. This re- course will no longer be available when the cold and accurate Mill is found to have been also " among the prophets." Had Mr. Mill been spared to read the number of the Fortnightly in which these chapters, written by him in 1869, appeal-, he would have had gratifying evidence that the process of examination to which he attached SO much importance is not being neglected. 1 The two papers which are placed next to his own both enter pretty extensively into the problems of social reform. The first is the substance of an address delivered by Mr. Matthew Arnold to the Ipswich Working Men's College, here published under the title, or rather motto, "Ucee, Convortimur ad Gentes." The ostensible text is the importance of public schools for the middle classes, by which Mr. Arnold explains himself to mean the mechanical and skilled working classes, Though he apparently reverts to the ordinary acceptation of the distinction " middle classes " further on. Although this is the purpose of his essay, it is extremely discursive, enters extensively into the question of the distribution of property in the soil, and' conveys interesting because recent and apparently disinterested-testimony from numerous observers to the favourable influence upon the French peasantry of the minute distribution of real estate in that country. Mr. Arnold is not unconscious of the drift of his argument, and pauses a moment to exclaim, " But all this is Socialism, we are told, and appears just a little alarmed at his own temerity and somewhat disposed to evade the responsibility. The rest of his address turns chiefly on the unpreparedness of the middle class to bear the responsibilities devolving upon it. The middle-classes cannot assume rule as they are at pre- sent-it is impossible. And yet in the rule of this immense class, this class with so many correspondences, communications, and openings into the lower class, lies our future There I agree with Mr. Bright. But, as it is at present our middle less cannot take the load which belongs to it. It has not the qualifications. Seriousness it has, the better, part of it it may be said to have sacrificed everything to seriousness. And of the seriousness and of the sense for conduct in this section which are an invaluable treasure to it, and a treasure most dangerously wanting elsewhere, the middle classes are the stronghold. But they have lived in a narrow world of their own without openness and Flexibility of mind, without any notion of the variety of power rs and possibilities in human life. They know neither man nor the world, and on all the arduous questions presenting themselves to our age-political questions, social questions, the labour question, the religious question they have really no light, and can give none. I say, that," they cannot kill them right place as they will now : but you and I, and every man in this country are interested in their being able to fill it." It appears to us that the line which says that the middle class has sacrificed everything to seriousness is particularly pregnant. Our restricted space forbids us to enlarge upon the theory but we recommend the test to the reader. The concluding paragraphs of this essay serve at the same time to explain the title chosen, and to exhibit, as we think, a fundamental weakness which pervades it, and may probably be ascribed to the natural tendency of every man to make his especial hobby the pivot upon which all human affairs revolve. Mr. Arnold, School Inspector, proposes secondary middle class schools a-J e. sort of social Holloway's ointment, which, by being duly persevered in, a". ultimately to cure every ill afflicting the body politic. Meanwhile he leads the cry, '? trees converting ad gentes!" Ho teams from the middle class to the working men : '. The work, I say, is not neatly done yet and our Judaic andunelasfio middle class in this country is of no present service, it seems, for carrying it on. Do yon, then, carry it forward yourselves, and insist on taking the middle class with you." The writer appears not to perceive that no class could possibly lend a dominant impulse from behind an inert mass without rapidly penetrating to the front, and is seemingly unconscious that it is not a temporary displacement but a great social subversion which he recommends. The second of the papers referred to above is an article upon Agricultural Depression, which drifts into considerations related to prevention or cure, and again exemplifies the extending influence and acceptance of Socialistic ideas. The venerable methods for relieving depression by shifting the burden of distress on to the shoulders least able to bear it are examined with little reverence. To reduce agricultural labourers' wages and sell the pianoforte of the farmer's daughter is not, Mr. Bear suggests, the only method available. The landlord is asked why he should not take his share of the depression, and why, in effect, why his town mansion and trips to the Continent should not be put upon the retired list before Hodge has to dock the bacon from the meagre bill-of-fare of Ina hungry children. It 'u further argued that a reduction of rents will have to be submitted to as a consequence of the existing agricultural depression, and that the one-sided severity of lease-conditions cannot be maintained in the face of the universal losses made of late by tenant-farmers. The gist of the responses to a series of circulars issued throughout the English counties is given county by county, and is summarized in the following paragraph : " On the whole, the result of feeling the pulse of the country, as I have been able to do by the collection, of these returns, has been to confirm the impression which I had previously entertained, namely, that the present agricultural depression is more general and severe than any which has occurred since the period immediately preceding and succeeding the year 1881, when the new Poor Law came into force." The other contents of the Fortnightly comprise " A Japanese;Itêmance," extremely curious as illustrating an age of chivalry which existed in Japan no longer ago than the commencement of the 18th century, albeit in English history it would be requisite to go back to the Arthurian period for an approximate parallel. We say " approximate " because the Japanese traditional principles of Social honour have no counterpart in European codes of any period. The remaining papers are: "Shall we give up Greek?" by E. A. Freeman; Economic Method," a comparison of different schools of political economists so far as their treatment of " values " is concerned and the regular summary of home and foreign affairs. 