THE 'SYDNEY INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. Th6. charges for admission to the exhibition proposed by the commissioners are five shil lings on the opening day, probably on a Wed nesday; half-a-crowrron tho three following days and during the second week, after .which one shilling for four days in the week, and . balf-a-crown on' Mondays and Thursdays, being concert days. The prices for children will be;ft matter for subsequent consideration. Thejjdoption ofthe recommendation has been postponed. The commissioners did nnt. fnm,-. ably entortaiii tlae proposal. ' Mr John Youn' will give an entertainmen t in the shape of a banquet to the workmen, and to several thou sand other guests in tho transept and nave. For.fcorof, damage to goods stored in other parts of tho building, tho grounds and build ing will.be «losed. to visitors after to- morrow. . Their presence hinders the progress of the work. Applications for space aro so numerous as to require .four or, five acres, more than . the building aotf ground's provide. ' ' Exhibit? are arriving in largo numbers, and are4-eing stored in the finished portions of the buildingj' and at Mori's stores. The south-east portion ofithe basement has been , converted :iiito a temporary bonded warehouse for the-storngo. of dutiablo exhibits. ? The building is progressing, satisfactorily. . Most of the ribs of the great . deme are, in position; Tlie staff of workmen ? is being -largely re duced. From computations made, the floor spae'e in the main' building required by Lon don Commissioners for Great Britain and Ireland is '160,000 feet, and for Europo 100,000 feet, being a demand of 80,000 feet, more than' was allotted them for distribution ; therefore, it^will be necessary to erect' sup plementary buildings about two acres in ex tent, for tho displfty of exhibits for which there is no room in the main' building. For tbe..oxb(bits, of machinery 90,000 square feet will be available, but . the demands are as fol lows: — jGrcat Britain, and Ireland 60,000; Europe 106,000 ? Victoria 20,000; New' South Wales 25,000 ; all ' 'other colonies Indja,,#?.,; 45,000 5 in all, 250,000 feet. Therefore 154,000 feot must be provided for, - The committee?: on' interior arrange ments recommend the following prices of ad misfioUiirrjSeasoh tickets,- tjiree guineas ; monthly, bapg'uinea ; Mondays and^ Thurs day6'(wlieh ccriiferls willbo given), 2s 6d ; otb«r days, li; opening day, 5S : first week following, 2s 6d. , Rabiiits at Cuoncn. — Tho Morrisons cor respondent of tho Geelong Advertiser writes : — Speaking of rabbits, arathor laugliablo oc currence took placo in tho Presbyterian Church, Morrisons, a Sunday or two ago, Whilo tlio Rev. Mr M'Lean was saying the last prayer, pi evious to dismissal, a sort of scrambling was heard in the wall, which is lined and papered ; immediately afterwards a largo bunny came tumbling down, from a height of something like 12 feet, and imme diately made for tho pulpit, out of which it scampered for one of the corners, where it was ultimately captured. After dismissal, and before tho church was locked up for tlio day, tho custodians thought they hoard a similar noise, but search as they would, no thing could be seen until a lady present be thought herself of the harmonium. After a thorough inspection tho pedals wero lifted, and there as snug as if it had been born in a music box sat another of tho race — he, like a predecessor, soon afterwards sang his last tune. The building is of wood, lined with cotton and papered ; tho animals had scram bled between the two, and either cat a hole in the lining or taken advantage of a hole previously made by oppossums, who formerly had' a most determined inclination for the house if not for the service. The rabbits now appear to havo followed their example. Taylor's Rabbit Exterminator. — Tho gas-machines [made by Messrs Humble & Nicholson, of tho Vulcan Foundry, for the purpose of destroying rabbits, havo already proved of great value. When they were first introduced to public notice a few months since, the Hon. N. Black, owner of the Mount Moorat station, purchased threo of therfi. The rabbit exterminators have been freely used, and with so much success tliot Mr Black has ordered the firm named to supply three more without delay. Wo learn from a correspondent who was present the other day at a trial of an exterminator on tho Mount Moorat estate, that as soon as the rabbit bur row was reached a flexible tube 5ft in length was inserted into the hole and charcoal gas generated in the machine forced into the aper ture. The entrance to the burrow was at onco stopped with earth, and wherever tho gas was noticed to be escaping similar stop ping. immediately followed, and in a very short time the noise in the burrow plainly in dicated that the rabbits were being over powered by the noxious fumes. After a brief interval had been allowed to take place, the portions of the burrow were dng open and tho dead bodies of the rabbits found huddled together. A Wei.su Ghost Stoky. — A strange ghost story (says the Birmingham Gazette ) comes from the Principality. . Thero is a friendly society at Pontardawe, in the Swan sea Valley, among whoso rules is one that the funeral allowance on account of a deceas ed member shall not bo paid in cases of sui cide. One of the members recently died by his own hand, and the club accordingly re fused to pay the death money. For this reasonable and just refusal the members aro now complaining that they are subjected to serious persecution from an unseen and pre sumably a ghostly agent. The manifestations began on a recent Sunday, when one of the officers, returning home over a lonely road, was assailed, as he asserts, by the spiiit of the late member, who, failing to obtain a satis factory reply to his demand for tlio money, in a somewhat unspiritlike manner assailed the unfortunate man, and actually 'tore his clothes to ribbons.' Such, at least, was the account lie gave, in tones of horror, at the first public house he came to after this en cnuntor. But the ghost docs not appear to have been satisfied with this demonstration. Oivtho following Tuesday evening, whilst the members were assembled in the lodge room, the usual knocks were heard at the door as , of a brother seeking admittance. The door was opened but 110 one was to be seen,' The members, howover. are all very certain that they hoard the voice of tho de ceased utter tho words : ' Pay my widow my funeral money, and then I shall he at. rest.' The meeting precipitatoly broke up, and the members aro now puzzled to know what to do with such a determined deceased brother. Tiie Khedive Pension. — An arrange ment has been made with the Khedive, whereby he is to receive a pension of.£f-0,000 a year, guaranteed from the revenues of Egypt. Syzran, a town in Russia, has been utterly destroyed by fire. Lambing in Victoria. — The news re ceived respecting the lambing in the Mortlake district is (says the Hamilton Spectator) very diseouraginp. Mr Dowling-, the cele brated merino sheep prize-taker, has only been able to count 42 per cent, instead of 85 as usual ; and Mr Mackenzie, of Hexham, lias fared but little better, his return being 50 per cent. Add to this, the frosts havo seri ously checked tho growth of tho grass, anil it will easily be imagined tho prospects of pas toralists are not encouraging. Robbery under the Land Act. — To se lect a squatter's cattle camp and then to seize the first opportunity of driving his animals to the pound, is, it appears, the las't form of legalized robbery under tho Land Act. So, at any rate, the proceeding was characterised by Sir William Manning on Thursday last, on the hearing of an application for a rule nisi arising out of a transaction of tho kind. Tho attempted robbory on the occasion in question had not indeed been a successful one, a rescue of tho cattlo having been effected by tho squatter's manager while they were 011 their way to the pound. Tho manager, on being proceeded against for tho rescue, suc ceeded, it appeared, in satisfying tho Justices before whom the proceedings were taken that the portion of tho run from which the cattle wore taken was not included in the im pounder's selection. They, therefore, con sidered that the nlanager was morally justi fied in making the rescue, but hold, in de fiance both of precedent anil. common sense, that, legally lie was not justified. They, tlierofore, inflictcil a small fine. Tho fine was a trifle, but tho principle involved in tho mat ter, as Sir George Inncs, who mado the -p- jilication, rightly said, was an important one. Tho 83rd section of the Impounding Act im poses a penalty on all person's who shall rescue or assist in rescuing animals ' lawfully impounded or seized for tiie-purpose of being impounded.' The magistrates held that tho word; 'lawfully' was only to bo read with tho word ^'.impounded,' not with the remaining words of the sentence ; that was to say, prac tically, that if a wrong doer were to seize a .man's cattle in tho man's own yard, with the view of impounding them, the latter would incur a penalty if he prevented the former from proceeding to carry out his nefarious t intention. The Court, without much hesi tation, granted tho rule asked for, calling on tho magistrates to show causo why further proceedings in connection with tho conviction should not be restrained. — S.M. Herald. The Frost. — In all parts of the colony (says the Hamilion Spectator) it is reported that severe frosts havo been experienced, but in tlio neighbourhood of Balmoral the cold would appear to havo been intense indeed. For tho first time in tho recollection of tho oldest inhabitant, the River Glcnelg was frozen over, and although 110 bullocks were roasted whole 011 it, as on the Thames during the beginning of the present century, the oc currence created 110 small amount of surprise. On that fine sheet of water, Lake Wallace, tho ice was three quarters of an inch thick, and it is said, on a tank near Balmoral, it was strong enough to bear the weight of a large dog. If wo go 011 improving every winter at this rate we may yet livo to see skating iu Victoria, and many colonists who were new chums, thinking there was plenty of ice in Australia, and who brought their skates out with them, will be able to skim morrilly over frozen lakes and rivers. After all, we have had nothing like what was experienced in New Zealand last year, when every morning and evening for three weeks a buggy and pair wa3 driven across the ice on the Pomchawke river in New Zealand, and so deep was the snow 011 tho road that a passage had to be cut through it to enable the coach to pass along. To CATCH THE Kei.i.ys, the Age suggests that the police be ' bill etted' on the people of tho Mansfield district, who are at present doing so well out of the 'force.' It says — The Government have mado a wise decision in directing Captain Standish to return to town. We trust they will go a step further, ami throw tho expenses of tho police, if they are retained in the district, and especially if they continue to be employed as guardians of the banks, upon the shire councils and public bodies of the locality. If any atrocity should occur in any country or barony in Ireland, a body of police are detailed to tho spot, but their cost is thrown upon the people residing in the neighbourhood. And this is only fair. One portion of the inhabitants are either criminals, or their aotivo sympa thisers and abbettors ; the other moiety de mands an extra amount of polico protection. Nothing can be fairer than that both sections ot the people should be made to pav an extra amount of taxation. Wo believe 'that if tho residents in the neighbourhood now infested by tho Kellys wero made to pay the cost of supporting the army of polico and artillery men stationed there, the first step would be taken towards effecting the capture of a band whose long- continued impunity is a disgrace to tlio fair fame and the good character of Victoria. Singular Death. — Last Saturday evening according to the Creswick Advertiser, Con stable Shortil received information that a man was lying dead at the creek side, near the reservoir, at Newlyn. On proceeding to the spot he discovered tho remains of a man about 35 years of age, respectably dressed in a new suit of clothes, paitly seated on a swag, on the rocky bank of Birch's Cre-ik, just below the reservoir, A little aliovo him was a fence with two rails and two wires ; and to one of these wires was attached a strap with a running noose around his neck. Al though suicide had evidently been the inten tion of the unfortunate fellow, strange tn say. the face bore no signs of death by strangula tion. Constable Shortil is of opinion that the man must have I'elt he was dying from exhaustion, and, wishing to accellerate his enil, sat down 011 his swag, and then reaching a short distance above him tied the htrap to the fence and turned 'himself on his side ami died without the slightest struggle. There was nothing on his person to indicate his name, but he is thought to be identical with a man seen about a woclc previous in the neighbourhood, who stated he was a Welsh man, and had been in tho hospital at Ararat. Tim body was so emaciated that one man was able to carry it up tho steep, stony bank of the crook in his arms, and pronounced it 110 heavier than a good sized child. From his respectablo appearance it was easily seen that ho was not of tho ordinary stamp of swags men. A MiKiBTitn in the south of Scotland hail a parishioner who, to show her iiffuctimi for her pastor, sent him every morning by the hands of her daughter a couple of what she wished him to understand were new laid eggs for breakfast. The eggs on being delivered were generally warm, as if just taken from tho nest ; but one morning the minister's maid on taking the eggs observed, ' The eggs are 110 warm tho day, Jennie ; aro they no fresh 1' ' On, ay,' said the girl, '? they're quite fresli, but my mitlier couldna get the cat lo sit 011 them this morning.' All Paris is coughing from the effects of the frightful weather, and iodine is the popu lar remedy. One of our celebrated landscape artists went to see the doctor about his wife, who was afflicted with bronchitis . ' Dip your paint brush in iodine and paint her back,' was the prescription. I11 the evening he sot out to follow the doctor's directions. But his artistic temperament triumphed overall infirm conscience. Instead of laying it on freely lie outlined a landscape with great care, and paid much attention to tho distances nnd fore ground. Ho made her lean over an oasel, and pnt some attention on the river at the left, and laid some vigorous spots 011 to the clump of trees at tho right. His wife natu rally thought he was a long time about it, and at last, losing patience, exclaimed ' Come, dear, you must be through.' ' Yes yes,' I10 cried in great excitement, ' iu a minute. I've only to sign my name and then you'll bo ready for framing.' Monster Cigar Ship. — Mr Wy nans, the American millionaire is building in the Clyde a moster cigar ship at a cost of close upon £200,000. She is . to be 4000 or 5000 tons burthen, and it is estima by her owner that she will' be able to cross the Atlantic in live days. This will be the third vessel of the same type that Mr Wynans has built. The other two are much smaller, and are well known to all who frequent the Solent in the sum mer. It is understood that the three vessels, from first to last, will havo cost over £40(1,000. Mr. Edward Triclcett, the cham pion sculler, has prospered in worldly affairs since lie achieved his ovation in England. Shortly after his re turn to the colony he entered upon the life of a publican, and his career since then has been as creditable to him as his exertions to win the championship of the world and gain honour for New South Wales. To day he will move into the large hotel which Mr. William Mears lias built for him at the corner of Pitt street and King-street. It is a conspicuous building, consisting of fourstories and atower; surmounted by a flagstaff which reaches an al titude of 106 feet above the street level. It contains sufficient rooms and conveniences tor the business of a first-class hotel, and has been elaborately fitted up. Tlie plans for it were designed by Mr. J. J. Davey, and carried out by Messrs. D. Brodie & Co. It is to be called ' Tricket-t's International Hotel,' and if the landlord serves his cus tomers as faithfully as he has served his country, he may confidently look forward to a career more pros perous even, in a monetary point of view, than that which he has al ready enjoyed. — S. M., Herald. In the squatting action, Allen v. Youngliusband, tried in Melbourne, with reference to the purchase of Tliule station, in Riverina, the jury, after deliberating six hours, were unable to agree. Some months since Baron E. von Mueller sent Dr Wools, for dis tribution amongst the farmers of the Hawksbury, a few seeds of the splendid Mexican fodder plant called 'Teosinte' (Euchloena luxurians). During the present season, several plants have made considerable growth, but as they are only just showing signs of flowering, it seems probable that they will be cut down by the frost before the seeds are fully ripened. Some ofthe plants are now eight feet high, and, in appearance, they resemble Indian corn and sorghum. The leaves are two or three feet long, three or four inches broad, somewhat scab rous on the upper surface and edges, the midrib stout and prom inent beneath with eight or ten parallel veins 011 each side, and the ligula lacerated. The teosinte is no doubt, a most valuable fodder plant ; but, as far as the experiment has been made, it seems adapted rather for Queensland than New South Wales. It would be saying too much, however, to affirm that it cannot he acclimatised in this colony, foi-, even supposing that it should be cut down, by tho frost, it may come up again from the roots anil become fully developed in ' the next season. Religious Riots in Hoisart Town. — At IIobart'Town, on 27-th June, there was great excitement in Hobart .Town over Pastor Chini quy's lecturing on Tuesday, and on AVednesdav 110 lecture was at tempted. On Thursday tlie com mittee, despairing of the efficiency of the city police, sought the pro tection of the Government for to night's lecture. The Government communicated with the mayor, and the city council appealed to the committee to forego their right to the hall. The committee de man'ded liberty of speech. See ing their determination, the Catholic Bishop issued a lptter requesting the Catholics to maintain peace, but a meeting was called in the Domain, and Catholics from the country district brought in. Con sequent on the threatening aspect of affairs a large body of special constables was ultimately sworn in, and the volunteers were called out to-night and are now con centrated to the barracks. The Bishop attended the Domain meet ing and induced the people to dis perse. The hall doors have been opened for the past hour. There is an immense crowd outside, and numbers are entering the hall. The appearances betoken a quiet meet ing. — Telegram Mr. Witt and the Zulu War. —The Rev. Mr. Witt, the Swedish missionary from Zululand, has given a short address at the Victoria Park Tabernacle, Wetherall Road, South Hackney. About 1600 per sons were present, and Mr. Witt was accompanied by Umkwelnataba, cousin of King Cetawayo, who ap pears to be about sixteen years of age, and was, as might be expected,; an object of'special interest. After a. few introductox-y remarks from the Rev. Reubon Seddon, the pastor, Mr. Witt proceeded to address the assembly. He said the Zulus were a strong, healthy race, they imagin ing themselves to be the strongest people of the world, being superior. to all the other natives inhabiting South Africa, both in courage and numbers. To a certain extent they were an intellectual tribe, and al though the}r did little work yet the Zulus took an interest in various subjects, aud discussed matters in detail. From this habit of talking they had acquired much skill in conversation even to a degree which many lawyers would envy, and possessed laws that principally had reference' to their cattle, which formed the chief property ot Zulus. If a Zulu had many cattle, he could buy many women, and would then probably have many daughters, whom he could sell for cattle, and and buy again more women. Twelve head of cattle would buy a woman ; but in the event of there being no issue the woman might be taken back to her father, who was bound to return the cattle. The only work performed by men was to milk the cows, and if a women touched a cow for the purpose of milking it she would be put to . death. A woman's business was to dig, plant, sow, and prepare the food, and if they had spare time they might employ it by making mats, baskets, and perhaps, cooking utensils. Their huts were made of .sticks covered with straw, and they supposed when they died that their souls entered the bodies of snakes, which reptiles were much venerated. At the conclusion ot Mr. Witt's remarks several questions Avere put to the speaker, who said that when Umkwelnataba heard of the defeat of the British troops the lad was under the impression that the last white man in the world had been killed. It was Mr. Witt's impression that if the English soldiers had not entered Zululand the colony of Na tal would not have been interfered with by Cetawayo. He never felt any danger for himself or wife while in Zululand, and would not have left his house in Africa had it not been taken possession of by the British forces. He never heard that a white man had been killed by a private Zulu ; but upon the tact becoming known the man who committed the crime was handed over to the authorities at Natal, who, as it was a private offence, sent the culprit back to be dealt with by the Zulu King, who felt, as the British Government did not think it right to interfere, he (Ceta wayo) had no reason to meddle in the matter. With regard to there being an army of 50,000 Zulus, that was to be explained by the circum stance that it was customary for years past for the King to collect the grown-up people for the pur pose of making them warriors. At the conclusion of the meeting a collection was made, the proceeds being given to Mr. Witt, who is about to return to Sweden, his native country. A Stingaree.— A big fish is said to have been caught in Western Polynesia. A Sainoan paper states that for some time past a large fish of the stingaree species has been regularly noticed in the vicinity of Salelologa. Mr. W. Robeson de termined upon the capture, so he ordered special gear from Apia. The fish when secured required the whole of the town, which is not a small one, to land him on the beach. The monster was estimated to weigh not less than two tons ! In order that our readers may be enabled to form some idea of the size of the fish, we are informed that the flesh between the. eyes and the mouth weighed 26 lbs. . However incredi ble this may appear, it is vouched for by parties who not only saw the the fish, but ate some of it. Truth is sometimes stranger than fiction. Two or: three large fish of the same species have since been caught in the same place, but they fell a long way short of the first onp in weight. 