THE SHOOTING CASE AT COONAMBLE. We gather from the Coonamble Independent of the 5th, the following particulars of the ex- citing chase after, and death of, the prisoner Montgomery: — At the inquest on the body, William Brown, constable in the mounted police force, stated that he arrested the deceased on a charge of stealing a saddle, bridle, and breastplate, the property of one James Humphry, that he started with him and James Humphry, the owner of saddle, from Curban, on Friday morning last, came without any difficulty till within about a mile and a half of Coonamble, and then Mont gomery said, "Let us pull up the horses, I want to have a talk with you." Brown re- plied that they would have plenty of lime to talk when they got into Coonamble ; that it was getting dark, and it was necessary to push on. They cantered on a little further, and then Brown pulled up, and the others did so like- wise. Montgomery then said, "Now I have got the two of you together, you can get me out of this if you try." - Brown asked him how, and Montgomery replied, " You are the men that can save me if you like to try ;" you need not say anything about what I told you when you arrested me this morning." Brown then told him that he would not go into the box and swear a lie ; that he would not risk getting two years, to get the best man in the world out of trouble, and that he would not risk two years to put him in for trouble either. Montgomery immediately said " Then take that," striking the constable a violent blow over the back of the shoulder blade, and along the back of the neck with a stick. Brown fell forward in the saddle through the force of the blow, and wat half stunned for a few sec- onds. On coming to himself, he looked and saw Montgomery and the home in the scrub, about 120 yards away, both on the ground, and the deceased off the horse, and clear of it. Humphry called out "There he goes over in the scrub." Constable Brown then told Hum- phry to catch the horse, and went after Mont- gomery, who was running up the river, in an opposite direction. The horse was trotting away down the river. Brown galloped up in front of Montgomery, and covered him with a revolver, telling him to surrender, or he would shoot him. Deceased said " I don't care for all the b----y pistols in the world," and started running to meet the horse, which Hum- phry had turned back. Brown then cantered round, and got between him and the horse, and again covered him with tho revolver. Mont- gomery then ran among some saplings which grew in the scrub ; he said " shoot away and be d----d to you, I don't care for you." Brown replied " I will shoot you if you don't surrender, I will put up with none of your tricks." Montgomery said " Very well, wait till I get my hat." Brown then told Humphry to get off his horse and put the handcuffs on deceased. Deceased then said, " No, I won't have the hand- cuffs on ; if he tries to put the handcuffs on, I will kill the pair of you." He said further, " I came along right enough all day, and I'll go into Coonamble the same way if you let me on the horse. Brown replied, " Very well, get on the horse; and give no more nonsense, or as sure as you are living I will shoot you if you try to get away from me." Mont- gomery then said, " Never mind, I'll go in all right ; I have had enough of it." Deceased then got on his horse, and as soon as he was seated in the saddle, he said. "Now you b----y wretch, try it again." Just before Montgomery got on the horse, the constable had returned his pistol to its pouch, and had the handcuffs in his hand ; and as soon as Montgomery made use of the last expressions, he stuck his heels into the horse, and caused it to plunge away in front. Brown then rushed his horse in front and stopped deceased, who then wheeled his horse round, and raced off in the direction of the river. Brown threw the handcuffs he held at prisoner, for the purpose of stopping him, but missed, his aim. He then drew his pistol and started after him, Montgomery had then about 50 yards start. Constable Brown then called out, " stand, in the Queen's name, or I will shoot you." Constable Brown fired a couple of shots over deceased's head, calling on him all the time to surrender. Montgom- ery started to laugh at the constable, and said " Try it again, and see if you can do it this time." He then jumped his horse down the steep bank into the river bed. Constable Brown attempted to follow, but his horse swered on the top of the bank, and ran along the side, dashing Brown against a tree, and knocking him from his horse. As soon as constable Brown got to his feet, he turned, took aim, and fired at the deceased, who im- mediately called out "Holy Ghost, you have shot me." He was in a racing attitude in the saddle, leaning very much forward, and about 80 yards distant. Brown then jumped on his horse, and raced after deceased, firing another shot at him without taking aim, Montgomery called out, " Oh Christ, that's two, now catch me you b----y wretch if you can." At this time, both the constable and the deceased were going at a racing pace along a scrubby island in the middle of the river. Brown succeeded in cutting off a corner and got to about 30 yards from deceased. It was then nearly dark. It was just possible to see the sights on the pistol. Constable Brown took aim at the mid- dle of his back, and fired. Montgomery called out " That is three. I am done. I have had enough." He pulled up his horse suddenly. The constable raced up alongside of him. He said, " Oh God, you have shot me three times. I am dead." He got hold of the pummel of the saddle with one hand, and threw his right leg over and got off the horse in an ordinary way ; he said, " You've killed me." Brown said, " will you surrender, or I'll give you some more?" He said, "Oh I have had enough, I am killed!" He then took a step backwards and rolled down the bank of the river. Con- stable Brown further stated that from the way Montgomery got off his horse he did not think he was hit, but that he was only pretend- ing. Brown states he then jumped off the horse and went down the bank to him, and lifted his head up hill. He groaned a good deal for about four or five minutes. Constable Brown then sent Humphry into Coonamble for a spring cart, and a doctor, and stayed with deceased, endeavouring to stop the bleed- ing with a piece torn from Montgomery's shirt. He also got some water and bathed his face. The deceased breathed for about 10 minutes, and then his jaw fell. The deceased was then removed in the spring cart to the stable at Berg's Hotel, Coonamble. Dr. Little saw the deceased there; and cut one of the bullets that was lodged just under the skin; beneath the arm, another bullet appeared to have gone right through deceased. The stick the deceased struck the constable with was a stout stick of boxwood, having a knob at one end. Con- stable Brown further stated that the reason he did not put the handcuffs on before starting from Curban was that Montgomery begged very pitifully not to be handcuffed, and promised not to make any attempt to escape. The de- ceased never spoke after he fell down the bank. James Humphry corroborated the evi- dence of Constable Brown, and swore posi- tively to his striking the constable twice with the stick, which was green box ; the effect of the blow nearly stunning the constable, almost knocking him out of the saddle. When the prisoner started off, his horse got one of his fore feet into a deep hole, and threw deceased over its head. Humphry also identified a stick produced as the one used by Montgomery to strike the constable with, but could not say how he came by it, he must have broken it off a tree on the journey. Dr. Little, who made a post-mortem examination, gave evidence to the fact that both bullet wounds were mortal, each having penetrated the lungs, and one having gone right through the left lung, smashing it up, and coming out through the ribs, about three inches under the collar bone. The de- ceased could not live many minutes after hav- ing received a wound of this character. The jury, after deliberation, found the following verdict:— We find that the deceased, James Montgomery, came to his death by bullet wounds, occasioned by shots fired by constable Brown, while in the discharge of his duty, the said James Montgomery, being then his pri- soner, and attempting to escape, and we find such shooting to be justifiable homicide ; we are further of opinion that the police ought to take greater precautions in at once handcuffing prisoners, before attempting to travel with them. 