OUR CITY LETTER 0 , ;; Perth. Mabch 12th. Last Wednesday, the case of Bate- man v., Thompson, was tried at toe Supreme Court, Civil Sittings, and re- resulted by decision of toe judge, in a verdict for the defendant. The one prevalent idea on the subject seems now to be that toe action ought not to have been brought. Mr. Thompson, in 1877, believing himself to have been poisoned, communicated with the police, and upon Bateman who was Mr. Thompson's clerk, suspicion fell. In consequence he was arrested, brought before the Magistrate at Fre- mantle, and committed for trial. In due course he was tried and acquitted. Hence toe recent action for malicious prosecution brought by Bateman against Thompson in which toe da mages were laid at £1000, and which was a failure from first to last. Bate-s man conducted his own case, and made a mess of it. The time of the Court was taken up for hours without prov ing a single point, and of toe startling revelations of alleged police conspiracy, and villainy, which it was predicted would be made, not even the ghost of such a thing was shadowed forth. Some friends of Sergt. Rowe, and Cor poral McKay, and their subordinates felt fidgety and sad, when the case was called on, and well they mighty so much had been said beforehand, and even bets of £20 to one shilling laid that the great detective would be great no more, and that with him also would go his sfaaffi But when those- friends heard and saw how toe case was put before the Court they knew full well that there was no case at all, and that toe Bateman bonds, said to have been issued in anticipation of the damages to be received were of no greater value than feniah debentures. Holders of Bateman bonds, are, however, it is re ported assured that there is a good time coming, and are advised not to part with their stock save at a pre mium. Mr, Weedon, it is reported, is toe next card to be played by Mr. Bateman. The equity suit, re toe Edwards' estate, Gingin, has just been brought to a friendly termination. This in junction has just been discharged by consent, Messrs. J. Brockman and D. King, holding the estate on trust for Mr. R. E. Edwards, the heir-at-law, who will attain his majority in 1881. Among toe cases heard at toe Su preme Court, last week, was an appeal from toe Williams Police Court, with reference to a magisterial decision under the Scab Act. The appeal was allowed and toe conviction quashed. The appellant was Mr. Michael Quinn, who had been charged informally with having scab in his flock. The presence of toe disease was not denied, but as it was not shewn that Mr. Quin had been made or was- aware of it when toe information was laid, toe convic tion was voided. Last week, and on toe same day, toe 4th instant, two pic nics were held under far from enjoyable circumstances for the weather was showery in the morning, followed in the afternoon by drencinng rain. Une pic nic was that of toe Wesleyan Sunday School, toe other that of the Cathedral Choir. The latter has been spoken of as an ill- advised affair, Compton, Wilkinson, and Barnham were there, but the genial faces of the good Dean, and the happy Coghlan were wanting. Their presence alone would have been sun shine in the gloom, and have served to make <a draggle-tail enjoyable, and the pouring rain pleasant. But toe Clergy could not grace the party. It is lent. Pic nics ought not to be held in lent. Apropos of these pic liics, thieving, although not on the programme, for med, it is said, a part of the days' pro ceedings, at one of them, for which some lads were on Thursday brought before the Magistrate at toe Police Court, and ordered to be whipped. They at least will have something to remember the day for. Mr. G. W. Leake, Q.C., has suc ceeded Mr. Hocking in the Attorhey- GeneralsMp, during the latter gentle man's absence from toe colony. It is commonly reported that- Mr. Hocking will not return. The permanent ap pointment of Mr. Leake as Attorney General will, it is believed, be accepta ble alike to the Bench, the Bar, , and the Public. And here, perhaps, it will not be out of place to remark that in toe matter of lawyers we have no " competent men" from the other side, but that all are either sons of the soil, or so thoroughly colonized as to.be classed indigenous. Well, if in so im portant a branch of social science as the law, toe colony is equal to the duty to be performed, it may fairly be askecl why it should not be found equal to the duty to be performed in such lesser matters as surveying and engineering 1 Can this be gainsay ed 1 It has never been tested. Till then, and it is found unequal to toe occasion, why import talent 2 One thing is quite certain, " colonials" have been found quite equal to "imports" as surveyors, And, as a rule, 'tis said better too. Mr. Manning, recently from Gerald- ton,. bas on exhibition, in Ms windows and gallery, some capital mementos of Ms visit in toe shape of photos of men and things. The cabinet pictures of Dr. Elliott and Mr. Stroud are Well worthy of special praise among a host in which all are good.. The railway station is capitally done. Apropos of this, a youth from toe Plains was heard the: other day to ask if "may of the London railway stations were as large as that 3" Having ; been reformed on the subject, he quietly retblarked, " that Tl do ye," put Ms hands in Ms pockets and walked offi .saying, " that statipn's big enough for any place, I'm sure." We offcen hear of ; the Book of Fate. Here is something very like a page from it. A few years since there resided together on toe Canning, two sawyers named George Barber and Robert Hud son. The deaths of these men are so exceptionally out of toe range even of toe uncommon casualties which befall humanity, as to deserve special notice. Tn the winter of 1876, Hudson and another mate.returning home one dark Saturdy/night from Perth, picked up on toe road a bottle containing a some thing, wMch in the darkness was a mystery to toem. To solve these doubts Hudson lit a match and applied it to toe neck of toe bottle, never dreaming that it contained gunpowder. Such was the case. An explosion immedi ately followed.; Hudson was killed on the spotv his companion was badly in jured but survived to give a history of the calamity. Barber, Hudson's old mate, was, some three weeks' since, found dead, and burnt, upon toe Can ning river, upon land ravaged by a bush fire. Some three years since Barber was toe victim of a sunstroke, since wheri lie has been subject, at sometimes long intervals, to fits. It is supposed 'that he must have fallen in a fit while crossing the -bush, and thus prostrated have been overtaken by the fire, and partially consumed by it ; Ms feet and toe lower parts of Ms body being wholly destroyed. . 'Tis well, perhaps here, not to speculate on toe unknown, or to atteinpt to pourtray toe man's lingering and terrible, death, should he have awoke to consciousness. Let it be hoped that he did jnot Realise the horrors of Ms situation. V 9ftrat Ms last and first consciousness was toat of a happy release from toe ills which flesh is heir to, unconscious oY the fiery trial through' which he passed to his long rest. Truth is ever stranger than fic tion, and the wildest vagaries of ro mance, surety, fall short of toe "sensa tional" in the details of these most ex ceptional fatalities. Some miscreant has broken Ryder's pump, at Perth bridge. The perpe trator, whoever he be, deserves to be exposed and punished, if report is to be believed, it appears to have been a wilful breakage. If accidental the least atonement would have been to re port the fact. A gentleman coming from toq North' overland, reports that at a certain wellhefound the bottom of toe ; bucket Mcked in, apparently newly done. ; He got some water for himself by letting down his pannikin, but his poor horse had to go nnwatered for another 20 miles. Such acts as these savour of inhumanity. Water here is not merely a necessity, it is a necessity of life. The man who hav ing drunk and refreshed himself, will wantonly destroy toe iweuns by wMch others ean drink and be refreshed too, deserves to 1be hunted up, and bounded down as no man, a disgrace to the name, and unfit even for toe society of savages. ; 