ppwirn ; HABE.AIID TOBTOI8E, 'o? ! HbV rax Kaos was "Wok. A babe'and a tortoise -went out on the Ioom, .And. .tho. tortoise., drank .deep, .and boh&red; iiko agooso; . He bragged of hie beauty and vaunted liU shelV obasted 108 running us well. " Pooh, pooh !" said the haro; "brag is all very fine, .-':._ But at tortoises' spoedj ray friend, let's draw tho lino." Said the tortoise : " Til run you for twenty five, thero ; Five miles as the crow flics." "You're on!" cried tho haro. ? Next morning; the tortoise rose, weary, from bod, And'his bottine-book scanned, with n towel round Ilia.hood ; . Then, cursing bares, brandy, and such aberrations, Called a family council of all his relations. Thoy earns, did the tortoises, in. by the dozens. There- wero - grandmothers, uncles, aunts, . sisters ana oousins, ' But feminino, masculine, father, or mother, You couldn't by any means, tell one from t'other. Out spake an old tortoise then: " Give you . all greeting* ! Tliis is, by my shell! something like a fiao meeting ; All our fnnuly's here, from oach far hearth and home, . Excepting tho loved onoa now made Into comb. Now, all who havo money our'raoing friond hack, Then fivo of you go and sproad out on tlio track: That you are not he. 'twill not tbo haro strike, .For, friends, nro wo not all exactly alike r" Next morning thoy started to raoo for tho oup: At tho first mile tho haro to a tortoiso oamo " Hillo !" said tho hare, " is it you or your ?ghost? ?I'll be juggod but I thought you wero still at the post!" On nguin racod tho hare'; but his speed was ? in vain, For ho shortly onme .up iwith tlie tortoise ? again; .And when, nil surprised, to tho distance he . sped, Ho saw' Mr. Tortoiso orawl in by a head! Next evening; tho haro was tho guest of tho winnor. Aud tho tortoises all -.squatted : down to the \- dinner; But whnt struck tho haro -with astouishrnout 'most Was tho likeness that ety'-ry Ono boro tho ? host. Ho laid back his ears and ho chowed well tho oud, And at' last tlie transaction ho saw clear us mud, And murmured this vow, as ho rose from his onair: " Run a tortoise again'? Oh, no ! not for this haro." 