JElccei ic II vi };Iil Kays (C0M5! UNlUATED. ) Bravo Bulll, which now husitates not to compare itself with Kiama and demand equal rights and public advantages with that important and not unpretentious town of tho sotith. According to a report, in your issue of Friday, tho Chairman of a meeting, at which Mr. Tuviibull waa presented with an address, flatly and omphatieelly :is-er!.ed that Bulll was as well entitled to a good stone :iud brick Government Post and Telegraph Oiiieu iu was Kiama. What will the Kiamaites say to that, and will the ' Blow-hole' there now i'or ever hold its peaco f Kiaina, it has been stated, has long ? : ? ,i ....... :....i w. .11. imf f,.,. i!„n; step forward and declare itself equal to that town of ' ghosts,' ' mysteries,' and riflemen- is simply shocking. And in measuring swords between , Bulli ami Kiama, tho Chairman referred to hit the nail on the ho:id when he said all unincorporated parts of tlio colony were looked upon by the Government as isolated and insignificant holes and corners. That undoubtedly is the case, as is evidenced even in this district whero so much money has been obtained from time to time from the Government fur public purposes within tl;e different municipalities, whilst the Bulli roads and bridges aro almost in a state of nature. At pre ' ont, the Bulli roads are a disgrace to the district and a danger to travellers, but let Bulli become a Municipality and then it will not have to piny second fiddle to any other part of lllawarra as regards tho mending of its ways. It appears the god Bacchus is determined to have a temple or two at Uobbinsville, despite the opposition of the inhabitants of that locality and the opinion already expressed by tho Bench that such places of worship aro not required there. It is thereforo a case of Bench versus Bar, and nicc certsa. Truly the Robbinsvillians must be a thirsty lot if they want their grog supplies taken nearer to them than Bulli. By the by, it is not surprising that Bulli vies w.th Kiama considering that already it can count more than two to ono public-houses against that town. And should tho intending ' Hosts' succeed in their efforts, even the village of Robinsvillo will then be on a level with Kiama as regards the number of its pubs. Tho Shcllharbor racecourse must be a grand exercise ground for man and beast, considering that so many ' spills' arc recorded to have taken \- place there on Queen's Birthday. Men, manni kins, and boys like to bo uppermoat when racing horses or riding thom in any way, but it appears to havo beon turn about with horses and their riders in many instances at the Shellharbor Paces, as on that occasion several jockey's got undermost, more to their discomfort than delight. If thoso accidents occurred, however, from causes that are removable in connection with the course, it is to be hoped the requisite improvements will bo mado before next races, in order that circumstances of a still sadder naturo may not have to bo chronicled concerning that event. Human lives and limbs, and even horse flesh, aro too precious to bo dashed about awkward cornors of a race course or anywhero else. 