The Brisbane Courier. PUBLISHED DAILY. Saturday, February 1, 1879. The report of the Auditor-General on the public accounts for tho year ending 30th June last, which waa laid before Parliament at its first sitting, is an extremely in- ] teresting document. It is of much greater 1 length than previous reports, and gives a i most complete explanation of the present 1 financial position of the colony. It will be studied, no doubt, with care by members of the Legislature to whom the informa- tion it contains will be of great value, and its compilation bears witness to the ability and industry of its author, the present Auditor-General. We must again, however, call attention to tho absurdity of the 24th clause of the Audit Act of 1874, by which the Auditor General is compelled to take into tho account of each financial year the moneys expendod on account of that year during the first quarter of the following one, whilst the Treasurer is compelled to close his accounts within seven days of the termination of each year ; the result being that the Treasurer's account of the finances can never, by any possibility, agree with the Auditor-General's. On June 30, 1877, for instance, the Treasurer stated that the revenue of the financial year ended on that day had ex- ceeded the expenditure by ¿£23,891, whilst the Auditor-General reported that the operations of that year had left a deficit of £88,777 ; and again during tho finan- cial year 1877-8 the Treasurer claimed to have increased the surplus with which he commenced the year by about £16,000, thus beginning tho present year with a credit balance of ¿£39,000. The Auditor General, on the contrary, asserts that the expenditure of last year exceeded the revenue by ¿£7611, and that he therefore commenced the present one with a deficit of ¿£96,388. It is, of course, easy to reconcile these discrepancies. The Trea- surer closes his accounts of payments for tho financial year within seven days after its close, and all payments made after that must be charged by him to the current year. In the Auditor-General's books, on the contrary, payments mado as late as the 30th of September may bo charged to the financial year which ended on tho previous 30th of June. This arrangement is the more absurd wheu we consider that the Auditor General's business is that of au accountant, whose duty is to coitify to the state of the public accounts on a certain specified clay-the end of the financial yoar whereas, instead of the actual state of tho rovonue account, he is now compelled to give us an ideal one-a statement of what the account would havo boon if cer- tain moneys had been expended iu the year, which as a matter of fact were not so expended. We are and always have been unable to perceive any advantage which can result from the perpetuation of this system, and indeed it seems to us that for many reasons it would be well that the Auditor- General's report should cover exactly the same ground as the Treasurer's statement of revenue. Passing, however, to the consideration of the matter in the report before us, we are first struck by a table showing that, whilst in 1876-7 tho revenue increased by ¿£173,313 over the previous year, the ex- penditure only increased by ¿£99,286, whereas in 1877-8, with au increase of only ¿£122,529 in revenue, the expendi- ture took a rise of ¿£183,916. The items on which this increase accrued aro given as Interest on the public debt ... £84,167 0 8 Endowments to municipalities 10,821 2 4 Othor statutory chargea ... 3,677 13 10 Salaries and wages . 27,361 8 8 Departmental contingencies ... 961 12 3 Other payments . 106,027 19 8 Total .£153,916 12 6 Wo confess that we feel curious to know the particulars of the last item-"other payments, ¿£106,927 19s. 8d." It is ex- traordinary that in a detailed account by far tlie largest item should be of so very vaguo a character. This report again draws attention to the large amount of our Supplementary Estimates, pointing out that the supplementary votes on ac- count of 1877-8 amounted to no-less-than 14 per cent of the sum originally asked for on the Estimates-iu-Chief. There can be no doubt that if proper care were used in the preparation of the Estimates, and if there was no attempt to understate the sums required, any Treasurer would be able to go nearer than 14 per cent to the total of the expenditure. In connection with this, the Auditor-General points out that for the past five years- the- expenses of police, Government Printer,. Lunatic Asylum, Customs, contingencies, survey of land, railways, and conveyance of mails, havo been systematically under- estimated, and that in each year large supplementary grants havo been required, and taken, for these services. It is time that this was stopped, and that the real sum required was set down on the Estimates-in-Chief. Coming next to the return of unautho- rised expenditure, we find that during 1S78 no less than ¿£29,727 was expended without legislative sanction, most of this expenditure having taken place betweea Juno 30 and December 31,1S7S. Of this sum ¿£16,522 is charged to loan account, to bo included in the next Loan Bill, and some of the items deserve to bo consi- dered by the public. It is obvious that a Minister who, with a falling revenue, is struggling to preserve a credit balance in his accounts, is greatly tempted to charge ovorything to loan, and thus to lessen tho revenue expenditure, and it is therefore particularly necessary to watch carefully the unauthorised expenditure charged to loan. In the present instance we are of opinion that an attempt has been made to transfer considerable sums to loan which would more properly be chargeable to revenue. For instance, a sum of ¿£3300 is put down for repairs to Watts' Bridge, on the Main Range section of the Southern and Westoru Eailway. Now this bridgo has been in useforsomo twelve years, and repairs to it must be considered as pio perly belonging to the working expenses of the line. If not, tho capital account of our railways will never bo closed ; and, as it would be quite as proper to charge renewals of sleepers or rails to it as the repairs of a bridge, the Treasurer of thß day, or his colleague the Minister for Works, will be able to manipulate the charges so as to show any profit in the working that he pleases, and accounts will therefore be valueless. It is still more worthy of remark that some of the items which appear in the Auditor-Goneral's return of unauthorised expenditure had been sanctioned by the Executive long before the termination of the last session of Parliament, but were not allowed to appear in the Supplemen- tary Estimates. For instance, on June 6, 1878, the Executive sanctioned the expenditure of ¿£876 out of Loan Funds for the building of a railway goods shed at Toowoomba; on July 11 of ¿£772 for Toowoomba Hospital; and on August 29 of £3000 for Benevolent Asylum, Dun- wich. All these, with some other items which we do not particularise, were marked " to be provided for on next Loan I Estimates," yet a Loan Estimate was sent j down to the Assembly on September 4, from which thoy wore omitted, and Parliament, which might have been con- sulted on tho expenditure, learns of it for the first time after it has taken place. Thero aro also a few items charged to re- venue expenditure, including some in- creases of salaries which were granted when Parliament was sitting, and although marked for "next Supplementary Esti- mates " were not placed on those estimates. Theso matters will, perhaps, occasion some discussion when Parliament meets again, and we shall then hear the Trea- surer's explanation-which is certainly re- quired. Coming next to that paragraph of the report which deals with endowments to ^"uicipalities, we find a very sensible suggestion that as under the Municipali- ties' Endowment Act of 1876, and the Local Government Act of last year, Government subsidises local councils by payment of a sum equal to the amount of rates collected by them, the officers of the Auditor-General's department should be empowered to examine the books of these bodies, and ascertain what they really do collect. Wheu referring to Schools of Arts and charitable institutions, attention is drawn to the fact that, whilst other Schools of Arts have to raise by private subscriptions a sum equal to that granted by Govornment, that of Townsville has received ¿£2 for each ¿£1 subscribed, and the reason given is that the hon. Arthur Macalister promised that it should bo so. In appendix S to the report there is also a note from the Inspector of Accounts, calling tho attention of the Auditor-General to the fact that the ¿£3000 authorised to bo expended at Dunwich is being spout at Ipswich. This is a trifle in one way, but if the Benevo- lent Asylum is to bo removed from Dun- wich, or a new one built at ipswich, should not Parliament have been first consulted? It will be recollected that Mr. Thorn in 1876 erected a building near Ipswich for a Benevolent Asylum, and that as soon as it was finished the Ipswich membors protested so loudly against haviug the patients sent there that the idea was abandoned, and the place became a branch Lunatic Asylum. What will be done with this second Ipswich asylum when it is finished 1 We cannot afford space now to review the report on the loan and railway reserve funds. We shall uoticc that portion of it hereafter. What we have picked out of the report will, however, show that it is worth studying. Wfi can now calmly and deliberately think over the career of the late Ministry, and award them the praise or blame which may seem due to their actions without assuming the atti- tude of partisans. Mr. Douglas was only the last head of the Liberal Govern- ment which had been in office sinco Janu- ary, 1874. In reviewing the political situation, we1 must credit him, as the heir of former leaders, with whatever his party has done since-then. One thing strikes us at once on looking back to the period when the Liberal party came into power, and that is that, during the last five years, tho political aspect of the colony has boon entirely changed. That period has been one of transition. Partios are not now what they were previ- ous to 1S74, and they never can bo re- established on the same principles, because the foundation of the old squatting party has been swept away, and with it the necessity for an especially anti-squatting party. Previous toIS74, when only thirty two members sat in, the Legislative Assem bly, the squatters, if uuited, were almost masters of the position; and, if their policy was not altogether illiberal, their action, it must be confessed, was sometimes high- handed. Mr. Palmer's Electoral Districts Act of 1872, under which the Parliament of 1874 was elected, altered this by intro- ducing eleven new members, most of whom wore given to populous constituencies before inadequately represented.. By the Electoral Districts Act of last year this number has been still further increased, and it is now utterly impossible for the squatting electorates to rule unless they are supported by a considerable nnrnbeü of othor constituencies. The Government of the Liberal party commenced under Mr. Macalister as pre- mier with the assembling of the last Parliament as it terminated under Mr. Douglas on. its expiration. The history of the late Government is therefore the record of the work of the seventh Parlia- ment of Queensland. In 1874 the tariff was revised, and a large but gradual reduction of the ad valorem duties commenced. A now Gold- fields Act, which had long been required, and an Insolvency Act, were passed, as well as many measures of less general importance. Ia the following year the Education question was settled by an Act which is generally accepted by all parties as a final and judicious decision of a very troublesome matter. Our Im- migration Act was amended, and the old land orders, which had been found to seriously diminish our territorial revenue, were abolished. By the passage of the Western Railway Act a new method of providing funds for the construction of railways was initiated, and a very large quantity of land situated in what had hitherto been termed the unsettled dis- tricts of the colony was made available for settlement. In 1876 a new Land Act was passed, which, although it has not given universal satisfaction, has tended to check dummying and to promote the establishment of homestead settlement throughout the colony. Endowments wera secured to municipalities ; the disposal of the lands held under pastoral leases ex- piring in 1878 was regulated ; and many othor Acts, some of them embodying im- ^ portant legal reforms, were passed. In 1877 the Chinese Immigration Act was passed, as was also the Navigation Act, and the Railway Reserves Act, to carry out the provisions of which last about thirty millions of acres, comprising much of the best land in the colony, was re- sumed from pastoral lease ; whilst by tho passage of the Intestacy Act, the law relating to the succession to real estate was changed, and primogeniture virtually, abolished in Queensland. In 1878 the principal work of the session was the passage of the Electoral Districts Act, by which the number of members of the Legislative Assembly has been in- creased to fifty-five; and of the Local Government Act, a valuable codification of our existing municipal law, although we do not believe it to be anything more. If we look back, therefore, to the history of the last five years, we find that the Liberal leaders have made fair at- tempts to deal with all those questions which in 1874 occupied the public attention. Government by the people themselves Í3 now secured by a redistribution of political power which unquestionably enables the majority of the people to select those by whom they will be ruled, and no class has now a political weight which makes it dangerous to the others. The land question has been settled, for a time at afi events, by the passage of an amended land law, and by the rebuinption from pastoral lease of all the lands in the settled districts, and about thirty millions of acres in the unsettled. The education question has been finally disposed of ; our Immigration Act amended, and goldfields legislation, long demanded, given. The im- migration of Chinese has been checked, al- though the doing so almost involved us in a conflict with the Imperial authorities, and, thoughlast not least, our railway works have been pushed on resolutely, if not quite so fast as we could wish. The late Ministiy must bo credited, we think, not only with a conscientious desire to carry into effect the programme with which they carno into office, but oven with having carried it out to a considerable extent. They failed, however, and perhaps not unnaturally, to discern the fresh wants of the colony which were rising into prominence even during their tenure of office. The revenue was clearly becoming insufficient to carry, in addition to the proper charges of government, the burden imposed upon it for the construction of local public works ; yet not even the necessity which was apparent to all eyes could give the Ministry the courage to establish a proper system of local government and local taxation for local purposes. Nor did they ever make any serious attempt to regulate the Civil Service ; whilst by their refusal to adopt the principles of financial separation they alienated the outside from the metropolitan districts, and by perpetuating the scramble of the constituencies for public money oblite- rated the lines marking off the division of parties in our Legislature, and produced the present state of chaos in our politics. By this neglect of the pressing wants of the day they have fallen. The old leaders of the Opposition, reinforced by those who are alarmed at the prospect of financial embarrassment to which they conceive the course of the- Ministry directly tended, and who were disgusted at the growing political immorality produced by a lavish expenditure of public money in favored constituencies, and by the entire North resenting the refusal of financial separa- tion, find themselves now at the head of a large majority m the Assembly, and the Douglas Ministry are out. We do notv deny them the merit of having done those special things which they came into office to perform-; but we think that, both for themselves and for the colony, it is well that they should now take some repose, and hand over their work to a party whose energies are unexhausted, and which we hope will as conscientiously fulfil the programme which they now adopt as- their opponents have done before them. The incoming Ministry is pledged by many speeches to financial separation and real local government, to retrenchment, and reform of the Civil Service, and to a bold system of railway extension. It will be conceded, wo think, that no better mea could have been found to assume the Government in a rather difficult time than the team which Mr. M'llwraith has picked. He himself has the reputation, of being a solid authority on mattess-of finance, and he takes the Treasury. No safer or more competent Treasurer oould probably be found in Queensland. Mr. Palmer, as Colonial Secretary, had always the credit of being an excellent adminis- trator of his department, and he should be abie, now that the necessity is apparent, to draft a good Civil Service Bill-one that,, whilst securing the in- terests of the civil servants, shall check the constant auguraentation and the increasing cost of the service. Mr. Macrossan, although new to the Works OfiSce, is a man of great ability and capacity for work, and commands public confidence. Mr. Thompson's appointment to the head of the Law Department as Minister of Justice will bo generally approved. Mr. Perkins, as Minister for Lands, has yet to make his name, but it is believed that he has not thrown away the oppor- tunities of becoming acquainted with our laud system which hi« long residence oa the Downs has partly afforded him; whilst Mr. Buzacott, the new leader of the Upper House, was well known in tho Assembly as a good debater and a well- informed and hard-working member. Mr. M'llwraith has been fortunate in securing the services of colleagues who stand so highly in public estimation, and who at the same time, by a lucky accident, ropresent the principal territorial divisions of the colony, so that it cannot be said that any one party or section has a predominant influence in the Ministry. Of one thing all who know them will feel certain-that they will be the real leaders of their party as long as they have one. Although we have plainly said that we believe it is well for the colony that the Douglas Ministry should retire from office iox a while to recruit its energies on the (Opposition benches, and although we have great hopes that the M'llwraith Adminis- tration will merit well of the country, yet *we have no desire to see the one party so depressed as to be almost power- less or the other so exalted that its power should be absolute. A good Opposition is almost as valuable as a |oóa Government, and we are glad to see that the late occupants of the Treasury bench will bo strong enough to form an effective parliamentary check upon any Government opposed to them. In the natural course of events their time will come again some day sooner or later, if in their present position they can regain the public confidence which has been lately withdrawn from them, and in the mean /time they may assist to raise the standard of our Legislative Assembly by practising .themselves some of those maxims to which, when they were in power, they drew the .attention of their opponents so often. In consequence of a break in the line between "Warwick and Stanthorpe, telegraphic communi cation yesterday with the southern colonies was interrupted. By a clerical error in our report of the meet- ing of the Brisbane Musical Union, published in ye*terday's Courier, the vote of thanks to Mr. P. B. Gordon, hon. secretary, for earnest and energetic services during the past five years, appears as having been accorded to Mr. Gore. A BEUQious publication, published at Ade- laide, tells us that, owing to the smallness of the congregation and the altogether insufficient support, Mr. Gammie has resigned his charge and taken a situation as timekeeper on the Bundaberg Railway works under Messrs. Overend. "We havo been requested to Btate that the .concert in aid of the families of the late guuners "Walsh and Wilkie is to take place in the old School of Arts, on Monday, the 10th instant. The programme will be published on Monday or Tuesday nest, aud the tickets-2s. 6d. each for all parts of the hall-may be obtained at Messrs. Paling, Kaye, and Jeffeiies', and from all the local booksellers. An adjourned half-yearly meeting of the Queensland Insurance Company, limited, was held yesterday afternoon. The report, which was published in our issue of the 18th instant, and which recommended the payment of a dividend of £7 10s. per annum, was formally adopted. The dividend is payable on and after Friday next, the 7th inataut. The council of the National Association meets on Monday, at 2.15 p.m., when some business of importance will be brought forward, amongst which that relating to the New South Wales Intercolonial Exhibition, and the proposed grand national annual ploughing match, may be specially mentioned as good reasons for a full attendance of members. Another meeting of stockowners was held at the Metropolitan yesterday afternoon, to con- sider the advisability of taking Bteps to start the Oakey Creek preserving works. No very large capital being required, the project will probably be successfully floated at once. This will not in any way prejudice the company in course of formation to work down here. Judging by correspondence from Darling Downs district, the petition of Mr. William Graham, touching the return of Messrs. Miles and Kates to the Assembly, is exercising tho people there considerably. The general belief is that the election will be upset, as prayed for. Should a new election take place, a warm con- test is looked for. The young girl Remington, in consequence of whose illness the Clara ship was quarantined, died on Wednesday of brain fever and convul- sions. A fresh case of typhoid is reported as having appeared among the Fritz Reuter immi- grants. A Gazette Extraordinary was issued yeaterday releasing from quarantine the ship Clara and all on board of her. The Settler will make the usual trip to the Bay this afternoon. TheBe trips, judging from the number alwayB on board, are fully appre- ciated, and with the present fine weather we '. anticipate a full boat of excursionists to-day. A neat and substantial little church has just been erected by the Congregationalists at Brigh- ton-road, South Brisbane. The church is built of hardwood and chamfer-boarded, and is 50ft long by 30ft. wide, with a Gothic roof lined with boards and shingled. An ornamental porch and bell turret add a finish to the work. There is also a vestry 13ft. by 10ft. The grounds have been enclosed with a substantial fence and gates. The cost of the whole is about £400. Mr. John Hall was the architect, and Mr. E. Lewis the ontractor. Bishop Hale administered the rite of Con 'firmation to twenty-seven candidates at the Memorial Church, on Sunday morning last. Notwithstanding the severity of the weather the church was crowded. Mr. Atkinson, j un., pre- sided at the organ.and both the services and the Bishop's address were solemn and impressive. Thirty-nine candidates should have bee» pre- sented by the incumbent, but those from a dis .tance were prevented from being present. The following cricket matches will take place this afternoon :-The Courier and Brookfield clubs will play at Brookfield ; first Stanleys v. first Alberts, at the Hamilton ; first Miltons v. first Brunswicks, at the Stratton ground j and Hunter's v. Leichhardt club, at the Green Hills. Tha match between the second elevens of the Miltons and Alberts will not take place this day, as announced in yesterday's issue. Durins the last two or three days, quantities of drift wood, and a log of pine occasionally, have been coming down the Brisbane River. There must have been heavy rain on the upper county of Stanley or some of the numerous rivers and .creeks that feed the Brisbane. It is said in town that the Upper Brisbane was flowing strongly during Tuesday night, and that for the time the crossings were not fordable. This may account for the log timber that is coming down. As the districts referred to have suffered from the long-continued dry spell more severely than any other part of the country, the heavy fall of rain that has flooded ¡creeks will be looked uiion as a welcome change. We are requested to acknowledge the receipt by Colonel M'Donnellof the sum of £8 4s., being ihe total proceeds of the entertainment given on Tuesday evening last by the South Brisbane Dramatic Class in aid of the widows and orphans of the late gunners Wilkie and Walsh, of No. 3 Battery, Queensland Volunteer Artillery. The secretary of the class states that the wet weather militated greatly against a largo attendance, otherwise the proceeds would have been more. Wk have ju=t seen a design for a letter head- ing to be used by the National Association in their correspondence in regard to the Inter- national Exhibition this year. In the left-hand cornet is a neat little design in the form of a seal, beating the name of the association and various objects illustrative of the mining, pas. toral, and agricultural industries. This is from the pencil of Mr. J. A. Clarke, who, in con- junction with the lithographer, Mr. H, W. Fox of the Lands Department, has made the National Association a present of the design. A correspondent, writing over the signature of "Agrícola," pleads the necessity of making the omets Zt Minister for Public Instruction the special and sole care of one Miuister of the Crown. Mr. Palmer, he says, has quite enouch to do oa Colonial Secretary without undertaking in addition tho work of bo important a depart- ment as that of education. Surely the amount of money devoted to public instruction demands a separate Minister-a man who would devote his time in order that the best results may be obtained. If the Minister does not Bee to the efficient working of the department no one else will, for there is no one else who íb really re- sponsible. One of the things which our corre- spondent thinks wants looking after is the im- provement of the class of education being given in the Primary schools, and the introduction of technical education, especially in the agricultura' branch. Another thing is the regulation of inspectors so that they shall do their duty in the way of assisting the teachers and making sug- gestions to them rather than in finding fault continually. We hardly think Mr. Dillon's choice of "Ham- let" last night was a very judicious one. Shak speare's masterpiece is so well known to all that there is none of the fascination of novelty nbout it, the whole interest centring on the suitability of the principal performer for the part he assumes, The Prince of Denmark is a rôle that can he per- formed satisfactorily by very few, the smallest taint of staginess in voice or gesture utterly marring the] harmony of the conception of the saddened miserable man, gnawed by a dreadful secret that preys upon his life and threatens hi? reason. Mr. Dillon has disqualifications of so radical a nature for this part that he should strike it from his repertoire, and be content with the characters that his intelligence and histrionic power- allow him to render so enjoyable. Miss Pender, as Ophelia, displayed merits of a high order, and sustained the trying part with much judgment and good taste, and Mr. Thompson was impressive as the Ghost. The other characters were fairly filled. To-night "Belphegor" is announced, and the character of the mountebank may be expected to receive justice from Mr Dillon. Dumno yesterday the weather in Brisbano was fine, although, judging from the Btato of the atmosphere and the appearance of the sky towards the ovening, we shall not be without rain for auy length of time. The official reports for the twenty-four hours ended at 9 a.m. yes- terday Bhow that during that time there was no rain in the southern and western districts of tho colony, with the exception of light showers in the vicinity of Wide Bay and at Mitchell Downs. In the course of the day there was a thunder- storm at Keppel Bay and Rockhampton, and showery weather was experienced during tho preceding twenty- four houis at Bundaberg, Mackay, Townsville, and Caldwell, with heavy rains at Cape Bowling Green. In the central and northern interior, as shown by reports from Springsure, Clermont, Ravenswood, and Aramac, the weather was fine, with south-easterly winds, At Sydney tho weather was cloudy, with a southerly wind, while at Melbourne it was fine with the wind south-east. Looking at the enormous mass of matter ex- pressed in many varieties of style, and by means of caligraphy ranging fiom the legible to the all but illegible, which goes to make up tho twenty-one competing " Essays on Queens- land " for the National Association literary cordon d'honneur, we don't so much wonder at the judges finding their voluntary task a lengthy if not a tedious one. The award is just now made, the three judges-namely, his Honor Mr. Justice Lilley, the honorable A H. Palmer, and the honorable C. S. Mein, unanimously giving the prize to the eBsay bearing the motto " Faib- lesse vaut vice," the author of which, as dis- closed on breaking the envelope sealB, is Mr, Carl A. Feilberg, whom we heartily congratulate thereupon. The judges accord "Honorable mention " in the following order to three compe- titors-namely, Messrs. Peter Joseph M'Dermott, Angus Mackay, M.L.A., and C. J. Graham. We are glad to learn that the premier essay may not improbably be availed of ? in connection with the forthcoming Sydney International Exhibi- tion to impart information to the throng of visitors who may be expected to assemble next September in " the Queen City of the South." The facts elicited at the meeting of the Anti Chinese Relief Committee yesterday, and which will be found reported in another part of this issue, indicate that the difficulties in connection with the seamen's strike are not at all settled as far as Brisbane is-concerned. The action of the A.S.N. Company's wharfinger in not only refusing to take an old permanent hand back to the wharf, but, according to the man's state- ment, in absolutely doing all in his power to prevent that man earning a living in the em- ployment of another, and the sailing of the Yaralla yesterday with her Chinese crew on board, to say nothing of the refusal of Mr. Williams to acknowledge the claims of the Lady Bowen's men to any consideration on the part of the company, although these men admit having made a mistake, and express sorrow for it, all go to show that the company are trying to evade carrying out the agreement arrived at in Sydney, as far as they poBBibly can, and must be so regarded by the public. The wharfinger's action manifests such a spirit of vindictiveness that, were it not that we are assured Mr. Moffatt is prepared to substantiate the statement made by the man at the meeting yesterday, we should be inclined to look upon it ob an exaggeration. We are glad to see, however, that the committee, who are greatly hampered in not having definite instruc- tions from Sydney, are alive to the necessities of the case, and are prepared to do all in their power to have matters righted. One good reîult of this action of the company will be to hasten such legislative action as will render the employ- ment of Chinese anywhere on Queensland waters too coBtly to be attempted. The A.S.N. Com- pany is, to use a vulgar phrase, " cutting its nose to spite its face." In reference to our report of tho proceedings at the manufacturer's meeting on Thursday evening, one of the speakers wishes us to state that his name is A. Ockleford, and not J., as represented, and that be is not a cabinetmaker, but a wood-carver, although he admits that at one time he earned his living by making cabriole furnituie As to the first part of the correction, doubtless Mr. Ockleford is tho best authority, and our reporter bows to his dechion ; but in regard to the seooud count of the indictment, he produces " Collins' Dictionary," in which a cabinetmaker is defined as " a man who makes cabinets, bureaus, and the better sorts of wooden furniture." Of course, the dictionary may be wrong, but the reporter stands excused for this occasion only. The following tenders wero oponed at tho office of the Commissioner for Railways yester- day :-For machino shop, Maryborough : Frede, rick Hinach, £679 9a. 4d., five months; G, and E. Negus, £494, four months; Henry Neale, £600, four months ; Henry Taylor, £080, four months. The following wore opened at tho office"of the Undersecretary for Works: -For teacher's residence and primary Behool, Camp Flat, Caboolture: W. Murfin( £297, ten weeks W. B. Headland, £3S0, four mouths; J. L. Sands, £403, four months ; S. Foreman, £371, eleven months; W. Forsyth, £318 10s., three months. For additional verandahs and refresh- ment-room, Parliamentary Buildings : Smith and Roynolds, closets £350, six weeks, verandahs £212, six weeks; \Y. Crookbain, veran- dahs £235, ten weeks; Southall aud Tracey, verandahs £235, closets £290, three months; T. Watson, verandahs £298 11s., closets £336 10s., throo months ; J. W. Carey, veran- dahs £295, closets £367 10s.; C. G. Skinner, verandahs £300, twelve weeks; S. Rogers, j un,, closets £289 10s, eight weoks, verandahs £225» 6s,, bíx weeks; A. Doorey and Son, veran- dahs £315, two mouths; S.Rogers and Soni veraudahs £222 12s. Gd., closets £2S7 15s., three months ; C. W. Midson, verandahs £206 13s., olosots £310 16s., thirteen weeks; W. Hall, veraudahs £263, closets £317; C. Whiting, balcony £191, closets £305, ton weeks. For lease of Government Quarries, Spring Hill: J. Davidson (three tenders for different periods), £25, £35, aud £45 per annum ; Thomas Jones, first two years £30 per annum, last three years £40 per annum ; R. Steal, £30 per annum ; Thomas Jones, £30 per annum. For several years past a prUo, termed " The Blackall.Prize," has been given by the Corpora- tion of Warwick to ¡be competed for at the annual exhibition of the local Agricultural Society. The prize, usually £10, is given to the best wheat exhibit, and has undoubtedly been vory effective in developing the improvement of that cereal at the Warwick shows. As usual, the prize appears in the list offered by tho society for thoir show on Wednesday next. It was so pub- lished, as we understand, on the authority of the Mayor of Warwick, who thought ho was entitled to follow his piedecessors in this respect. But a majority of tho members of tho council thought differently, and actually refused to vote tho £10, The proceeding was as unexpected as it seems to us injudicious. The farming class who compotod for the prize weio nonplussed ; the townspeople, or a very largo proportion of thom, wero indig- nant. The prizo, they contended, was au annual one, offered in commemoration of one of the most genial and whole-souled men who ever sot foot in the colony. The contest might havo grown warmor ; but the Mayor has como to tho rescue, and with the aid of Bovoral patriotic gon tlemon of the neighborhood, moro than £10 lins beou colloctcd. Tho Blackall Prizo, therefore, stands on the list as iu former years, and com- petitors are again invited to como forward und try to win it, We are glad of this, The Blackall Prize, has, beyond nil doubt, aided materially in bringing forward the splendid shows of wheat that have become a feature of the Darling Downs exhibitions. They give character to these events, and Warwick would miss to a fnr gi eater extent than £10 any falling off in thoso highly credit- able gatherings. Sermons on passing eventB usually como to us from over the sea ; but Australian preachers can also find subjects of that kind. Recently in Adelaide the Rev. Osric Copland took "ciickot" for a text. He enid :-" Of late years we have heard a great doal about cricket, and quite recently the game has excited an unusual amount of interest throughout England and her colonies I make no effort whatever to conceal the satis- faction I feel at this, for I hold the game to bo healthy, noble, and beautiful. It ia healthy because it is played in the open air, and brings into active exercise all the organs and limbs of the body ; it is noble because it develops some of the best characteristics of the English race, such as pluck, energy, patience, and perseverance ; and it is beautiful because its «novements are full of grace. Now, although there is a curtain amount of betting connected with the game, it is certainly something in its favor that one meets with far leflB of it here than at other popular national amusements ; and I appeal to the young men of this city to do all in their power to discountenance anything like betting at the Oval. Have none of it ; but rather keep the game pure and genuine lest it fall into disrepute and become obnoxious to those who have a righteouB con- tempt for the habit of gambling. Having wit- nessed of late Borne very splendid play, both on the part of our own men and the two teams that have visited our colony, I am tempted to find in the matches that have taken place a few illus- trations of some very important lessons. The poet speaks of 'sermons in stones,' Very well. Why not Bermons in bats, and balls, and bails ? Paul did not hesitate to draw lessons from the racecourse ; why should wo hesitate to draw lessons from the cricket field ? " And the rev, gentleman followed up the subject chosen in a manner at once natural, sensible, and very much to the point. Odr Cooper's Plains correspondent writes : "We have had a succession of more copiouB rains this last week, and water and feed were never known to be more abundant nor stock in better condition than this summer. A great many local improvements and fencing have been going on in the district by the Freney Broa, in their new selections, and at the Golden Sun- set and Sandridge homesteads. The Rev. Mr. Scorteschini continues his periodical ministrations at the neat little chapel lately erected on the Freney freehold, and almost en- tirely at the cost of the family. The State school, I learn from Mr. Martin Freney, the hon. secretary, is well attended." The survey of the Peak Downs runs is still in progress (says the Peak Downs Telegram). A fortnight ago 21,000 acres had been surveyed on the Wolfang run, and the Burvey of the re- mainder, 10,000 acreB, ¡a probably completed by this time. The above forms the greater part of the resumed half of the run, and we believe that the surveyed blocks comprise, on an average, 2400 acres each. Taking Langton and Huntly together, about 15,000 acres are being surveyed on these runs. This is exclusive of 10,000 acres already surveyed on the Langton run. It appears that our Ameiican cousins are better acquainted with what constitutes the wealth of New Guinea and its outlying islets than we are, who live in much closer proximity Brother Jonathan leaves to the Britisher the toil and expense of searching for gold and of explor- ing an unhealthy country, while he Bonds out his ships and loads them with a valuable article of commerce. A tolegram f ï om Cooktown on Thurs- day conveyed the information that a schooner» which left San Francisco in July last in search of reported guano deposits off tho Now Guinea coast, had put in there in au injured state from having struck on a coral reef. The captain stated that lift had found the reported guano island, but not tj&e; guano. It appears, howover, the worthy skipper was in orror, as the subjoined paragraph, taken from the Sydney Morning Herald, bIiowb that one of his compatriots has hoon more fortu- nate, or was possessed of bettor information ; 'The American schooner Superior, which left hore last Soptombor, returned to port late on Sunday evening from a pro*jieoting tour to the recently- discovered guano islands, north of New Guinea, after a most successful voyage, the results of which establish the existence of very largo quantities of guano on the Th?!a o£ &* ï>urdy Group. The analysis by Mr. Voeloher, analytical chemist, of London, who visited the islands specially to leport upon the quality of the de- posits, shows a very high percentage of phos- phate, equal and superior to any phosphate guano found, the quantity being estimated at several hundred thousand tons. The islands wero thoroughly surveyed and soundings taken, after which sail was made for Sydney." The Gold Warden's orderly, Mr. James Delaney, returned to town on Thursday night (says the Bulletin) after a visit of inspection to the Rosewood diggings, where ho granted eleven miners' rights to Chinese miners. There are twenty-five Europeans nnd sixteen Chinese on the ground, nine of the latter being new arrivals. They nre all said to be doing fairly, although tho Mongolians, as usual, are reticent respecting their prospects, There was a Bcurcity of wator lit Rosewood, no rain having fallen recently, Tho Chinese at Wet Point are euttiug a rnco from that place to tho creek to carry off the water whon required, and havo made application for an extended claim. The Mauritius correspondent of the &>ii(/t Australian Advertiser, writing under date No- vember 8, states that " Sir Geo-ge Bowen is expected at Port Louis in Match next. His Excollenoy Sir A. P. Phnyre will probably leave the island early iu 1879. Main ¡tina has lately beon feeling the effects of a severe drought, and it íb to be fearod that the sugar crop of 1878-9 will be reduced by it. The leplnnting of forests on denuded lands in the ¡Bland, with tho view of retaining the rainfall, continues to occupy the attention of Government. At a meeting of tho Executive Council, held on November 7, a re- commendation was received from the Governor to the Council in favor of the purchase of 300 acres of wooded lund, in nn elevated part of tho island, for the price of 36,00 Or. The purchase is to be made to prevent the forest falling into the hands of the wood-outters." 