Silent witness, flT £jSJ4.U£!1- F&TES.; i*jKfo««j»;-iM'j 'fcfyidly I should s&y;,* said Mr. flofebone. *But when, following your instruc tions, x 'tried to find out who were the friends lie lived amongst, and generally what company he tent, to seemed to torn suspicious, and I could ' ?Betrothing but o£ him. He was going to Osbend, he said, for he liked to be as scar to England as possible, and I thought I might as well go along wiia nun. we were mree or iour uhjs uuyeuuui., end used'totralk up and down the Digue. The sea-air seemed to do him good, and lie picked up a little ; when, two days ago, as I was sitting at the Pavilion, up came the captain in a most excited state. He had seen some news, he said, in an English paper — he wouldn't tell me -what, or the name of the paper — which had made a man of him. There was an income ready to his hand, he Baid, and he ehould never want money again, this news, whether it was worth anything or not, seemed completely to upset him. He took to drinking heavily again j and a* there was nothing ?more to be got out of him, and I thought you might be anxious to know where he was, I left ftim and came back/ ? You did quite right, Hollebono,' said Heath, after a. moment's reflection. ' Tou are uerfectlj* pure you know nothing of the news which worked (this change in- our friend t1' 'Not the 'least in the world, sir,' replied Holle fbone. ? I have been looking through the papers of about that date 6inee I come back, but could find nothing that could have interested the captain ; and I begin to think that, whatever it was, he didn't hear of it through the papers at all, and *»erely endeavoured to stall me off with ?itheetory.' ?* i know more than you ?then, my good friend, iwith all your cleverness/ muttered Heath to him iself, when he was once. more alone ; ' and that old ,eooundrel, drunkard though ne be, has retained sufficient sense to keep his own counsel, and only ?to use his threats where ho thinks they may be ^effective. This is' the first time he has dared, to Itaealben explicitly. In vague hints he has been — ^prodigal enough, but he has never previously .stated so plainly what he means.' As he spoke, he unlocked one of the drawers of (the desk at which he was sitting, and taking from -4t a letter, written in a shaky hand on foreign .paper, spread it but before him, and prepared for His re-perusal. It ran as follows : — ' 74, Eue St. Sebastien, Ostond. *M* jdeab Heath, — The Btrict business Relations to which you have insisted on limiting ibur intercourse can scarcely, you will perhaps tthink, admit of my addressing you some words of ptLearty congratulation on tho news contained in a ?paragraph of i& English weekly newspaper which ;has jyifet come under my notice. I shall hope, how jever, a little farther on, to prove to you that I am '(not transgressing tha regulation which you thought jit necessary to fey down; and, in the meantime, I ftieg that you will believe that I have heard with sincere pleasure.of your approaching marriage to ia lady who, according to report, is not merely ^beautiful, but very wealthy. I always knew that your.distmguishel Qualifications would eventually lead you to riches and fame, though I am bound to confess that the result has been accomplished rather soonBr than I anticipated. These, you will say, my dear Heath, are but the ?toolitfs tnaundcrings of an old fool, and I therefore 'hasten to show you how these remarks bear upon 'the great topic of business, which is alone to be the ?subject between us. I have, hitherto, froma sense of delicacy; refrained from commenting upon the 'total inadequacy of tho allowance which you are ^pleased to make, to me for, though I had heard from time to time, from friends in London, of the im provement of your position, and the consequent inorease in your income, I knew that you had only bettered yourself at the cost of a vast amount of labour and anxiety, and I felt that what you had gained yourself ought to bo spent upon yourself. Sunder the impending circumstances to which I have alluded, however, the case assumes a different aspect;' you will have large revenues coining in with delightful regularity without any exertion of ;your own ; you will have tho opportunity, should you desire to avail yourself of it, of retiring from work at a comparatively early age, and enjoying ithe remainder of your lifein ease and opulence. Tak ItngtiheBefaets into consideration,andhaving regard, ?to others to which I need not more particularly Allude, I feel certain you will have no hesitation in complying with tho request which I am about to make to you — that my paltry allowance may be Idoubled ; and I am sure you would feel it as a rc jflection upon yourself- that a man with whom you ? are connected by certain ties of kinship, Bhould be : prohibited from making a proper appearance in ithe world, for want of the necessary funds. There '?frill fce no necessity for me to enlarge upon this ipoint, aa it is. one which will commend itself as ; much to your good sense as your generosity. I may mention that, in the event of your compliance , I shall »ot think of coming to England, but shall ..continue my wanderings on the Continent, or I 1 might possibly visit the Western hemisphere. ' I address to you, as usual, at the bank. I sup pose nothing has ever been heard of the desperado !by whom the worthy old gentleman who once pre sided over its destinies was murdered? Truth, they say, lies at the bottom of a well — or pond ! iSow seldom she rises to the surface! Believe me, any dear Heath, sincerely yours, ? Edward Studlet. ; 'When -the tank manager returned this letter to ?the drawer Ms face was blanched, and his lips trembled visibly. ' There is no doubting what jthis scoundrel means. There are threats enough jin those last two paragraphs — occult to most, but (perfectly legible to «ne — to show his knowledge of Ithe importance of the cards, he holds, and his de jtermination to play them unless hiB demands are .complied with. Double the allowance he now has ! [He would be cheaply bought off at that ; but then there is the impossibility of binding down a shuffl jjng- villain like this, and, bo soon as his ready jmoney was exhausted, he would be writing for jmore.; (There isihe danger of his chattering too! I According to Hollesbone's account he has taken to jdrink, and when a man of his kind falls into that ?condition he loses nil power of reticence, and there is no 'knowing what might not leak out in his [babbling. He niustjbe ttimborised with, at- all |events|, until I see whether I shall remain here, or iwhether I myself might not take a prolonged trip 'to what this fool calls the ^estera hemisphere. iThe bank might be safely left in charge of Towsef , land Graoe would be only too delighted to— what lisit?' heasked, suddenly, as a clerk appeared at jihedoor. ? . ' I beg yotip pardon, sir/ daid Ihe young man, j*but 'Sntnbpldfis out for the moment, and there |is a lady in the office wishing to see you.' 'Asking for ' me by name?' asked Mr. (Heathl ? . . '[ , ? . :- ; 'YeBjinr.TnBning particularly to speak toyou/ jeaid the clerk. ? ' Show her in,' said Heath; * This must be a jfimk of Grace'E,' he muttered to hmiself. 'Hither- (to, I have never beeb able to persuade her to come down to the bjuik, and now . she. has -conceived the thought of taking me unawares.' The door of the room opened and a lady entered, whose figure Heath eaw at once wag not that of ?Grace, but of whose face he could tell nothing, as ehe was closely veiled. With his most courteous jeir the bank manager rose from Mr chair, and had icommenced his sentence with ' ' May 1 ask ?' when the lady silently raised her veil. Then Mr. Heath foil back into hie seat, gasping out the one- wotd 'Anne 1' ' CHAPTER TylTT, BEATON. Half-paralyied with horror and amazement, Seath remained for a few miautes motionless, his eyes fixed on the figure «f his unwelcome visitor, his parted lips rigid and parched. The apparition of a ghost from the other world could not more completely have astonished him; indeed, at first, he had .on idea that the palfi and determined face on ^hich he gazed so intently, with its sad blood Jess lips, its dark eyes flashing a scornful defiance, waaeitherTnorD or leBB than mortal. He had never doubted that Anne was dead. When he first met Studleyon the captain's return from his futile ' search after his daughter in Paris, and learned from- him the manner of Anne's disappearance at Boulogne, Heath made- np his mind that she had committed ButcHe by jumping from the pier; her ?menial power, .whioh he remembered having noticed on one or two occasions as terribly strong, snuBthave been weakened by the horrible scene of ?which ?herh&d; been ? witaess, and the severe ill tteirwtach-ftoiiad.imbieq.uBiiay undergone ;and, to avoid any further misery 'and degradation, she had put an end to herself. The captain had not thought it worth his while to disturb this theory, more especially as he himself believed the lact of his daughter's death- Thatshe had notdrowned hereelf from the Boulogne pier he knew, as he had duly received her letter written to him from Paris ; but in that letter she had spoken of the burden of life being too heavy for her to bear any longer, alone and friendless an ehe was, and of her having taken measures for finding a place among the nameless dead. The captain had long since got rid of the uncomfortable feeling -which the first perusal of the words caused him, and when a chance re colloation of his daughter passed across hifi muddled brain, he fchoughtof her and spoke of her to Heath as one no longer living. She was there, though, upright, stern, and pitiless. As Heath looked at her, tho whole scene enacted on that fatal Sunday at Loddon ford rose before her mind. Again he saw Anne Studloy looking in at the window upon the deed of blood; again he heard the long low wail which she had uttered, before falling senseless on the ground. That accursed vision had not troubled him for months, but it was full upon him now, and there was the avenger, alive and standing be fore him. It was some time before he could speak ; when he did, hiB voice was thick and husky, and he scarcely seemed to have his lips at his com mand. ? What— what has brought you here ?' he said. In strong contrast to his hoarse utterance were the clear and ringing tones in which Anne re plied. ? There is but one motive in the world that could have prompted my coming,' she said, with her eyes firmly fixed upon him. * I have a friend who is my one tie to life ; to save her from you I have come hither. You are incredulous, I know, as to the existence of such feelings as love and friend ship, but you will be able to estimate the strength and truth of my love for this friend, by the fact that it has induced me to look upon your face again.' Heath had recovered himself a little — a very little— by this time. He knew that the figure be fore him Was not that of a ghost, though it is doubtful whether any visitant from the tomb could have inspired in 1''' greater dread. TTig usual keen perception, too, was somewhat blunted by his terror and amazement; he did not at first appreciate the stern resolution hidden under Anne's quiet manner, and it was in a bully ing tone that he said, ?Now that you havo plucked up sufficient courage, or overcome your maidenly reserve, or whatever it may bo, and looked upon my face again, perhaps you will tell me what you -wish me to do.' clear voice, ' that you are about to be married to Miss Grace Middleham. Such a match would, doubtless, bo very advantageous for you in every point of view, for Miss Middleham has beauty and. great wealth ; but much as you may be interested in her, my love for her transcends anything you can ever feel, and in the exercise of that love I have come to tell you that you must renounce her.' He was steadier now, much steadier, and looked somewhat like his old self, as he said, with a hard scornful smile, ' It is very good of you to come to the point with so much frankness. I mnst take exception to your estimate of tho feelings I may entertain towards Miss Middleham ; but as regards my interest in her you speak qvuto correctly. Also as regards my intention to marry her, and — my determination to carry that intention into effect.' The smile had faded away ere he came to these last words, which he spoke very deliberately, and with his eyes fixed on his companion. * Have you counted the cost of such a proceeding, George Heath?' said Anne, dropping into a chair, leaning her arm on the desk, and confronting him; 'I have been quiet for so many months that you thought ine dead — as, indeed, I was dead to the world and all in it save one ; while you, relieved of my presence, have been progressing in the world's favour, so that even now, when you find me before you, you seem unable to realise the position which we hold towards each other. It can be made plain in a very few wordB,' ehe added, bending forward. 'If you do not consent to give up your pretensions to Grace lliddlchaui, I will reveal all I know. I will denounce you as a murderer !' His face grew pale again, but the scornful saiile soon returned to his lips. 'Your education at Hanipstead, where I first had the pleasure of see ing you,' he said, ' evidently did not include a study of the law, or you would have known in such cases a wife's evidence caunot be received against her husband j and I have tho honour and the pleasure of claiming you as my wife.' He looked hard at her to see the effect of this home-thrust, and was surprised to find how quietly she received it. ' So be it/ she said, leaning back in her chair. ' If that be the case, lny point is gained. If you admit me to be your wife, Grace is free, for I con clude that you do not openly propose to commit Heath felt tuat she had scored a point, and her manner irritated him almost as much as her words. ' Suppose I were to defy you,' ho said, ' and to declare that you wore not my wife P' 'In that case/ replied Anne, ? you would throw away the shield which you have just raised for your protection. I should tender my evidence, and it would be received.1 Her coolness provoked him beyond endurance. 'Curse you!' he eaid, bringing his hand heavily down upon the table; ? you may do your worst. I will throw over the whole question of wife or no wife: I will say you are a crazy iade whom no one knows; and when you accuse too of having made away with Walter Danby — and you will be asked for evidence, which you will find remarkably difficult to supply, what trace has ever been found of the body? There is no proof that he ever came to that infernal place. A man's life Is not sworn away so easily as you imagine.' 'That a man's, life can be taken away easily enough, I havo had horrible proof/ said Anne, shuddering. ' Walter Danby's body is hidden somewhere at JJoddonford, and you know it/ She looked fixedly at him as she spoke; but he had regained his usual self-possession by this time, and did not betray the smallest sign of sur prise. 'I know nothing of the kind/ he said; adding witli an ironical bow, ' To me your assertion is, of course, sufficient ; but in a Jeourt of justice you would have to mike It good.' For a moment Anne was a little disconcerted by the perfect coolness of Heath's demeanour. ?I have fortunately & choice of charges to pre fer against you/ ehe said, aftera. pause. 'Suppose I weretoaccuseyouof-3iegreat?fflbberycomniitted in this very bank. Bemeniber, Xlsaw the gold and the jewels!' 'May I ask you where you saw thein?' said Heath, bending forward. 'I will refresh your memory; in your f Ather*s liouseat ioddonforft.' 'That is true/ said Anne; ' buftiiat would not hinder me from speaking. X know not whether my.father is alive or dead; but, compared to Grace Middleham, he is nothing to me. To see that her future is not wrecked is my determination; and, to save her, I will tell all I know. Yes, all ! con cealing nothing, sparing none i1 As she emphasized this sentence, with out stretched fore-finger, Heath recoiled in amaze ment before her. This girl, whom lie nad rated so cheaply, had the best of him then. He was astounded at her audacity, more astounded at the firmness with which she held to the course she had indicated. 'With rage and mortification at his heart, he acknowledged to.himself that the edifice which he had built up with so much trouble dur ing several months, had crumbled into' dust at this woman's touch. He was beaten on every point. Tho mere revelation of his ? previous marriage -would ruin him witU- Grace. He was beaten ! and he must own it, ffln.king the best bargain possible with the winner of the game; He rose from his chair, .strode to the fireplace, and stood there with his hands plunged into his pockets. 