EflTEBTAlMMEflTS, THE THEATRES, &c.; On Monday night there jnas.played, for the first time, at the Theatre Itoya^ ]a , play by Captain Humphreys. Captain Humphreys h&B; been connected 'with the . stage a good deal, and should know something, about act ing. He has seen a good deal oli theworld too, and Is hot unskilled as & writer, and these qualifications should also give him farther competency as a dram&tist.; His play js called " Hearts of Gold," and it tells of the fortnoes of ,alittjechi}d who was lost in the bosh; who was found by action* hand; who was adopted by some people in order to pass-her off $s their -own child, so that they .might .make good , a claim to seventy-five thousand pounds,,but who was eventually restored to her father, the seventy* five thousand pounds going to a gentleman who succeeded to it in consequence of his sister not having a daughter, but who, being of a generous torn of mind, promise^ tp give the little girl a dowry. and. to ; provide liberally for all who. had been kind to her, This is the pith of the story; bat, besides the pith, there are many citcles of timber, and much bark. It is a curious play, in-that, while the first act is explanatory-or, as they have it sometimes, prologatory-it is, of the three acts, the shortest, being only 15 minutes long. The consequence .is, the audience do not get much information from this preface, and are kiept in the dark until the middle o£ the third act, which is abont SO minutes long. The second act is principally alcoholic, the characters drinking incessantly, and they mis their liquors recklessly, taking champagne, brandy and soda, and ntyt mm in away most suggestive ol next-morning headaches. Also, they shake hands perpetually, and indulge in such demonstrative manifestations of friend* ship as to disturb one's belief in the common insincerity .of mankind.. Moreover, .there is a good deal.of pugilistic conversation, and a prize-fight is prevented only by one of the prospective combatants being knocked down, and getting his skull fractured, and going insane, and getting i$lief by being trephined after the mamier o£ ' John StofeL' The notion of the play is noli waiting ui ingenuity,. but the piece, as a 'whole lacks action; there is too much dian logue in proportion' to situation* and. snob situation as fchj&re; is does jiathelp to eluci date the story. JJhe Jjpwwsijia [poo fre . quenfcly extraneous, a .goo^deal o£ "Tou1 bye pathswithbut thbirleadingto any' ubeful result Goiisequen^W, Ahe success of Hie piece hud. to 4qpfen4- 9Pfla bad .actors it \mi^..akD^^vikbI^ perilled, if not,ruinel , put, ^ith Mpssra. pribBpifl &ot; %eH nns&n;? pl*r»<liiis if; ttWriuuL eWi a personal ihtinsitfin ,j Etacceed. Mt- Dvopier, MP fcj&i; «for, ? *H<,- ft* ttf^Wadkfellow. all mfcdejtb**fety. beatofihe aharactersiwita which they were entrusted. The chajactera, 60 Bt6Mb^^^^eht^'fiMyehofa«b. " - Ot tWfenMe'cha^feelttMeis toot jhuch 'to ko said;; , in the fiwtsact w»»» s^at .nil lamepei^iwbDiOTrtfr^tonwi&sM11;* 1 Thfe little-ft) do, landirak mon lwi#dofcii»ri«&en.i; TheOittte ** was seen of her was. agreeable, "^titles little Mi8B Courts to favourable mention. Speaking «enerally, it is possible Humphreys bo able to make play a strongly effective one, butit Will Jeqnire a good deal of modification to reader ^^^"Hearte of Gold" came the old little comedy of " Dominique the De serter." It iB very o1<*. '8 to*e, but for construction it may be copamended to rnptpin Hmnphreys as a model for hia next drama. ago Mr. Greville need to be yeTy amusing in the principal character in this little comedy; and he is amusing yet. And of the other characters it is to be said that Mr. Carey is at home as Da Verne; that Mr. -Appleton ia not to be excelled in parte like De Lache; that Mr. Emmet es« abtlishes his warrant for much approval as p'Anvill.e; that Mrs. Appleton is a rare pic tare as Jeannette; and that if Miss, G. May-' nard would not, in common with all Austra lian young ladies, pronounce the word power as if it were spelled " pahr " she would earn the approval, if not the gratitude, of orthoe piste generally. But it is one of the pestilent iabita of young Australians when they have to eay potter, hour, sour, and tower to say "pahr," "hahr," "sahr,"and "tahr." To-night at this house Miss Dargon will take her benefit and. farewell, and will be presented with a testimonial and address. The Loftus Troupe are still at the Opera* house, Bhowing how dull it is possible for a "variety" company to be. The FroliqueB m also etill at St George's Hall, show ing that, at any rate, they are not so dull as the Loftus people; and at the Apollo-hall are still the Weston Minstrels, who most conclusively show that, although limited in numbers, and playing under some disadvan tages, they are not dull at all. At the People's Theatre on Monday and Tuesday they played " Robert Macaire," a good deal reduced from its original propor tions. Perhaps this drama, like some others, has outlived its reputation, and has become only a commonplace melodrama, with a burlesque flavouring. Once It was considered that the character of Robert Macaire was a high comedy part; now it appears to be regarded as only that of a first ruffian ; so that, while at one period Mr. Russell would have been considered unsuited for it, now, according to the newer estimate of it, he takea it by right of hiB being the heavy man of the company. In like manner Jaques Strop has undergone a kind of retrogressive metamorphosis, changing from the quaintly eccentric to the overstrained burlesque. Looking at ft in this light, probablyJTr. Reynolds was right in making it only a bundle of rags. But when we remember how George Fawcett and Harry Jackson ufetd to play these tvb cha racters on this Bame stage, it is not easy to repress a feeling of regret that the method of dealing with them should have changed. Of the others there to not much to remark upon, Bave as to Mrs. Wooldridge, whose enforced dismalness, although characteristi cally appropriate, was quite out of the range of Mrs. Wooldridge's distinguishing geniality. In the old farce of "The Little Rebel,'* however, Mrs. "Vfooldridge has a part much more to her mind, and It was pleasant to see her under circumstances which set one thinking of the times that are now becoming a sort of contemporary antiquity. And in this same old farce Miss Kate Foley, although,' unlike Mrs. Wooldridge, having no connexion with the past, is so pleasantly sparkling that one most like her under any circumstances. And although the winging and dancing had no necessary connexion with the piece, it was bo good of itself, that you were quite ready to pardon, and even com mend, the interpolation. Miss Greenlees would improve her representation of the part of Laura if, instead of being anxious to pro duce a good effect upon the audience by her dancing, site were to concentrate her endea vours upon intensifying the situation by disiQnBionising the old gentleman whom, in stead of worrying to death by her hoydenism, she allowB to Bit at hiB ease and enjoy her ballet performances. Between the pieces Mr. Herbert Le Roy, who iB described as the " Young Australian Blondin," did some clever things upon a wire rope. AB an imitator of the Blondin, he merits approval. .Mias "Imogene/' an actress from Ame nca, made her firet appearance at this theatre on Thursday night in a piece en titled " gW*" described as' translated 111 stoty is of a young jier son who, al$6jigh of noble birth, has been in some way -mislaid and brought np in "a circus, but| '4Maping from thecircos people, j? rMtdrj^^'lier |riehas,! ahd; like }he Daughter Mlthb .ft^rnent, camea into her "2LW. W which shie has Men auucated wbilei lirhig ainong homes ' 4nd ^b&ta.; AJtfisbe'takea tfith ber her IoVe, aad therefoftf i^'indi'spbsed :i6> c&hcide; fcith the matrimonial arrangementa made'for her ' by «er rich relation^but prefers, the hand of ®\P<>or artist toithatiof an ignorant nobleman.' V®,! °f^th;eae . circumstances ? fchere^eoea- ( tfti^ojjB/ani if .pe fe wfr ' placed, jit Would, tffesitn ^ hrnicU^^ 9"^ So no tieed fot '? oomplainiiig; but it :vta cl^ar ^tn^whjoh^ey, ware entreated.! Copse quentiy.It'would hardly he' fair-to fudge her 22? ^ ooWdifcionB. She £V#of W^tracbd to^xupt nearly ^body ab^t ^ ^f herself^ itimkst w.Baid ^ an^expreesive,' in a <»mpa«,!fcra<Sdftfl fljfeUre, 3 >&*** withO^tihi: tabfe; Mi. she M American I U; *^l^*nxietj<9«rhape tnay be taken as the ^T^^rirt 'Spoke so rafeldly aa" to Irftw ^ f^ tn^igible rbS *«n » foiiwi taftUu totalis to believe that site would liave ap peared to greater advantage both in this bad other particulars. The piece ie one in which ftiiombttof incidental accomplishments may beintroduoed, and with hncncadrement of con curring circumBtances, Mias Imogene wonld, inall.probabilifcy, have made all these very telling, She certainly gave more than a hint of the. posseaaion of some of these, and we can bnthppe to see her at some future time when. she will be able to use them with a perfect advantage to herself. At the Academy Mr. Wybert Reeve on Saturday night reappeared in " All for Her." To his admirable performance of Hugh Trevor too much praise cannot well be given. It is the work of an actor of intelli gence, practice, and feeling. It iB a repreaen tation which tella the story of a life, and points its moral so clearly that none can mis .understand its purport. It ia so good that it aetB one thinking all about unselfishness and self-sacrifice, and almost makes one begin to thuik that unselfishness is not a rare thing in the world, only in our cold-blooded momenta we know so much better. The cast was, of course, different from when the piece was played at the Opera-house. ThuB Miss Gordon played Lady Matsden, and therein Bhowed that if in some particulars she has disqualifications for it, in others Bhe is well suited. So far aa the attributes of strong feeling,- tenderness, and that rare quality of sympathy which so few possess, are con cerned, she was all that even exacting con. ditions might require. Mary Rivera was ad muably denoted by Mademoiselle Legrand, especially in the boy-passages, in which she surprised even her warm admirers by the daintiness of her deportment. A more picturesque make-up and appropriate bearing has not been seen on the Melbourne stage. Mr. Flemming, as the unpleasant brother, played his ungrateful part with commendable dignity. Mr. Thorne, as the scheming villain moved in an atmosphere something different from his wont; but, as need hardly be said, worked out the proper conception with the closest regard to its legitimate meaning. Mr. Phillips* perhaps, wanted a little more volume for the Hanoverian colonel, but his bearing was nevertheless more than up to the level 6f efficiency. Altogether it was a performance of that refreshingly intelligent kind which makes one wish that all dramatic authors were competent, add all dramatic companies capable. Last ntght at the Academy Mr. Reeve was to take his benefit in " George Geith." On Tuesday afternoon, at this theatre, there sang to a select audience Madame Gabriella Boema, a lady who has lately come to this part of the world. She has a good mezzo soprano voice, well cultured, and under con trol so far as to be easily directed to considerable expression. It is marred by: a tretnolo to which it will require that one should become used. She will sing next week at three concerts at this theatre. Last Monday at the Athenaeum there was a j gentleman's night of the Melbourne Lieder-1 tafel. The instrumental portion of the pro gramme was a notable feature in the perform ance. This included a sonata of Beethoven by Mr. Weston and Mr. W. Hunter, a solo of Vieoxtemps, by Mr. Weston; an arrange ment from " Roberto," by Mr. Hunter and Mr. Plumpton; and another arrangement, by Mr. W. Hunter, from " L'Africaine." Of the choral effect by the members of the Liedertafel it is almost needless to speak; it was good as a matter of course, and the solo performances of Mr. Moroney and Mr. Turner were agreeably consistent. Concerning the other Liedertafel, it is to be said that their conductor takes his benefit at the Town-hall to-night, and, as he has been so intimately concerned in the formation and prosperity of the Metro politan, it follows, as a matter of course, that all the help which can come from the Metro politan will be given to make Mr. Herz's concert a genuine success. Among those who will assiBt at it are Mdlle. Charbonnet, who will on this occasion play her last in public for a long time; Signor Paladini, ana per haps Madame Boema, who will sing for the first time before a public audience in Mel bourne. COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to forward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date.} On Wednesday Mr. W. J. Holloway sailed ?for HobartTown with a company Including Mies Anstead, Miss Melville, the Misses Lewis, Hiss Jenyns, Miss Arden, Mr. "Hemming, Mr.; Charles Holloway, Mr. G. P. Carey, Mr. J. O'Brien, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Hornley, 'and Mr. T-asman. They open on Monday next with,f Lost in London. Sytnet, Deo. 1G. At the Theatre Royal, " Pinafore" is still Tunning to good houses, and will not be with drawn until the production of the panto mime, on the localisation of which Mr. Richmond Thatcher has been busily en* 8a§t*the Victoria, ."Out GirJs" seems!to have obtained a good hold on thejiubUc, who fill the theatre nightly.- Mr. Hall fas Ginsah is excessively fanny, and Mrs. Hall and Miss Wiseman clay;.'" Our Girls" with great natnralnfe&a; ana grace. ! At the Queen's,. V Lisa Eccles" rediviva does but a languishing business. ! The School of Arts is occupied by Hadsob's Surprise Party,- who are-playing to average recognition. j Burton's CircuB is still open; but empty.. . . 8mu& i li .. ."LAMnanttr Uj. "$£ilky White " has .proved ttys least satis factory of,the Comedy Company's 'doings; so. far. noticeable rawer on account of Mr.' Martini capital personation; of the cowboy, JDickDugge, than anything : else. " AJltjiat Guttata'^aoes n&t.suit; theip,either, and Toby Twlhkl6, occupj# b«i ^fii ^tojior Bttce in their repertory. One ' cati tuifh H Withered Leaves " "with honest delight; for a mote happily-contnved and expressed little comedy, or more elegant and finished acting, may rarely be. seen. It almost appears ungrateful to say that Mr. Cates's Cecil Vane is " sticky," wanting incisiveness. Yet this gentleman does good work, , and, if willing to learn, will give us far completer dramatic portraits by-and-bye. Mr. Shepherd in Sir Conyers Conyers has agreeably varied his old men at last. The make-up is com mendable, introducing as to a peppery, cnrry flavoured, yet pleasant old gentleman, whose white moustaches carl ana twist like long BtreamerB against a coppery sky. Mr. Garner knows exactly how to play a lover who shall at the same time be no booby, and his Arthur Middleton possesses a most palatable flavour of manliness. Miss Santon's May Rivers is a step -in the right direction, being a vast improvement on anything she has done hitherto. Inimitable is the only word which can describe Mr. Marshall as Tom Conyers-the " beautiful and accomplished youth." Could Mr. Broughton have imagined a better exponent than Miss Stammers of the fascinating go-between Lady Conyers ? It may well be doubted. She was bewilderingly tempting, daintily naughty, wisely yielding, ana provOkingly unmotherly. The expression of her face when Tom Con yers' experienced arm stole round her waist reflected all these things, and other things which made one wish to take Tom's place and keep it. 0 nice: " jMamma," may you ever appear as fair andt>eyitchmg! Madame Urso is the J^are bird who does not disappoint expectancy., 1 She is truly a great artist. The mention of ordinary technique is inapplicable to her-"double Btopping" and "harmonies" but pale ghosts when compared with . the massive chords and silvery resultants which answer her magical efforts. Gracefully unaf fected, she wins by her mere appearance, but conquers utterly when once the strains of her violin are heard. One 'may fancy as she stands there, the executant of Wieniawski's boIO on Russian airs, that, some Bibyl is fore* telling in speech, till now unutterable, of what may be when all men shall understand the one universal language of music. She holdB us in breathless ecstacy, from which we waken as she finishes to implore her return, and presently see the swaying of the same womanly figure and the movement of the same imperial arm. while the dearly familiar notes of "The Last Rose of Summer" rise and fall and die away upon the ear. We feel her influence palpitating through the atmosphere* She fills all for the moment " A presence which Is not to be put by." The artiBt-soul dilates, we can fancy, and has communicated of .its own ineffable pas sion to meaner spirits.1 She is well assisted by M. Sauret and Herr Scherek. The former is a thoroughly good pianist, with a crisp touch and facile Btyle of playing. The latter renders hiB accompani ments delicately and with good taste. The vocalistB-Miss Jennie Sargent and Mr. Francis Gaynar-may be better judged at a future date. The Lingard Company have visited Dun edin, Christchurch, Wellington, and Auck land. They opened in the latter city on the 28th ult., with "Our Boys/' the company, however, having been considerably reduced in number, and the agency of Messrs. Hayman and Hiscocks having ceased with the Wel lington engagement. Mr. Lingard has been successful in a Buit against Mr. Gillon, who some time ago, as sub-agent for the Dramatic Authors' Society, obtained from him £10 for llC6DC6 f?68« At Christchurch, on December 5, Miss Beatrice took a benefit, playing Little Butter cup, in "Pinafore," and was presented by the mayor of that cityi, on behalf of her many friends, "with a diamond ring and an address, which Bhe suitably acknowledged. From some remarks made by Mr. Ogden on the occasion, it would seem that he contem plates staying in that city, and is entering upon management. 