NEWS OF THE DAY, ? . The polling 'or the Lachlan election takes'plácé" f* day. The intelligence which has been received bj telegraph indicates that the contest has been main- tained with vigour on both sides. - As the electorate ii a very extensive one, and comprises numerous polling places, the compilation of the returns will doubtless bl a matter of considerable time. We have been favoured by the Minister for Min« with a copy of the following telegram :-" Mr. M*Dermot« reported to the Mining Registrar, Bingera, tbatl oz. of gold was washed from one load of washdirl from his prospecting claim at Borah. The dirt wai procured 30 feet from tho surface. A good many men aro at work. I will report after I have inspected again." The Government appear to be losing very litfl« timo in effecting arrangements for the erection of to» International Exhibition building. A sits hal already been pegged out in the Inner Domain, and appears very extensive. Yesterday morning a numberol men were engaged clearing the area marked off of grass, and several carpenters wen f busy putting up some temporary offices. If would be impossible to select a moro beautiful spot1 for this work. Views are obtainable from it of the harbour, almost to the Heads ; the Botanic Gardens aro in the immediate foreground ; and close at hand is the wide expanse of the Domain. A sketch of the building has been prepared by the Colonial Architect, and if the work bo completed according to that it will be a most imposing structure. We have just had brought under our notice the roi cently patented friction brake, invented by Mr. Gross/ of Newcastle. It is represented as an improvement upon the brake at present used either for railway rolling-stock or other wheeled vehicles. The speciality of this brake is the curved form ; extending to some' thing moro than a semi-circle, it covers the proportion^ ate part of a wheel's circumference. That portion of tho brake which comes into immediate contact with tht¡ periphery of the wheel can be made of iron, steel, wood, or other durable material, and can be applied to wheeli ( with any of the common motivo powers-' manual, steam, or hydraulic. The pressura being vertical is applied in a direction at right angles with the frame of the carriage or truck and not in the ordinary manner-namely, in a direction parallel to the vehicle. Its contact with the wheels ii silent, which is not a slight recommendation. Thi power obtained by this brake in retarding wheeled car« riages in rapid motion is very great as compared with that of other implements designed for a like purpose. This was shown lately by some experiments made al Newcastle in the presence and at the request of the, Victorian Commissioner for Railways. Some improve«, ment in brakes, especially for railway rolling stock, hal long been an admitted necessity, and Mr. Gross's inven« tion, while it exhibits originality in structure, would seem to have a fair claim to be regardod as among thi most effective for its purpose of ti» many siroilai appliances that have in late years been devised. Ix this week's number of the Sydney Mail a new novel, entitled, "Sir Gibbie," by Dr. George Mao Donald, is commenced. The previous works of thil strong- minded, but withal genial author, suoh as Ale« Forbes, David Elginbrod, and Itobert Falconer, ha« established his position in tho foromost ranks of thi literature of the day, and this, his last work (the righi of publication of which here has been eocured £or^J Sydney Mail) will bo found to sustain bia tig* reputation. ' A cosrsn-TEE meeting of tho City Municipal Oomcu was hehl »? ?>"> Tnwn Hall, yesterday afternoon, That I ~«* «resent his Worship tho Mayor Mr. (0. J. Eoborti), Alderman Green, Chapman, Taylor, Maze, Soie, O'Connor, Withers, Fowler, Hams, Play to, and Merriman. The tenders for the yearly sup-¡ Tuieswero taken into consideration, and, with the ex-, «btion of the tenders for gully shafts and flagging, for which it was directed that fresh tenders be invited, the eommittee recommended the acceptance of tho lowest lender in each case. Alderman O'Connor presented a Bumerouslysigned petition from produce dealers and itallnolders in the Belmore Markets, complaining of,tho action of the clerk of the markets in the apportionment Of the stalls, by which action they had been deprived of n'rWilege» possessed by them for years. A resolution, moved by Alderman O'Connor, to allow the petitioners to remain in the enjoyment of their privileges until tho matter hod been decided by the Council, was carried. TnE City Surveyor has been instructed to furnish «ports on the following improvements for Gipps Word, viz. :-1« The advisability and the cost of ex- tending Clyde-street, and the construction for publio nse of a wooden jetty and waterman's stairs at the foot. of,the said street. 2. The advisability and the cost of extending the main sewer in Kent-street, from Agar »trect as far south as Mann's Hotel. 8. The necessity for and cost of, a flight of steps from Little Glouces- ter-street to Upper Gloucester- street; the building of a retaining wall on the proper alignmont of Gloucester street north, and forming and ballasting the same street ; and the erection of gas lamps in Argyle-streot and Watson's Hoad. A 1AK0EI.T attended meeting of the wharf labourers and coal whippers of Sydney was held yesterday evening at the Lord Nelson Hotel, Miller's Point. Mr. Thomas White, president of the Seamen's Union, occupied the chair. Mr. Scott offered his services as secretary for the occasion. The chairman explained the jbicct'for which the meeting was called, which was to forin themselves into a Union, not in a spirit of »ntagonism to the employers, but for their mutual protection. At the present time they were completely disorganized and powerless, but if they formed themselves into a Union the grievance of one man would bo the grievance of the whole, and they would be able to obtain redress. There was nothing antagonistic to capital in such a Union ; on the con- trary, it was the greatest protection tho employer of labour could have, and the best guarantee for the free- dom and the preservation of our institutions. All that waa now proposed was that they should form themselves into a Union to see that their position was not lowered from what it is at the present time. Being organized, if any ono employer attempted to encroach upon tho present arrangement they could cease working for that employer without doing any harm to the others; thoir combination would protect the just employer against undue competition on the part of the unjust employer, lie trusted that their action would be such as to command the publio respect. Mr. John White moved the following resolution, which was agreed to unanimously :-" That in tho opinion of this meeting the coal men and the wharf labourers of Sydney, resolve themselves into a Union for the pro- tection of their interests, and that steps be immediately taken to carry-out the same." Mr. Wynwright, having formerly been himself a wharf labourer, expressed his sympathy with the movement, but warned them against mixing up political matters with their Union. On the motion of Mr. Scott, a committee of twelve was ap- pointed to take the necessary steps to incorporate the Union. At the fortnightly meeting of the Trades and Labour Council, held yesterday evening, Mr. G. F. Poole gave . i verbal report of the terms of the settlement of the seamen's strike, and after some discussion, a vote of thanks to the officers of the Seamen's Union for their exertions in the matter was passed. It was resolved unanimously that the secretary should communicate With the various trade societier affiliated with the council requesting their sympathy and support on behalf of the men locked out at the Bulli Colliery ; the conduct of the men in determining to have a Union being generally commended. Au accident, fortunately unattended with any more serious consequences than a detention of i five hours, happened to the Southern train from Wagga Wagga to Sydney on Wednesday night. As the train wa« leaving a tiding at Rocky Point, upon which it had gone for water for the engine, a pair of the engine-wheels «lipped off the rails, owing, it is sup- posed, to the points not being properly closed. The train was going at so slow a rate of speed that this mis bap brought it at once to a standstill. The replacing of the wheels on the line occupied five hours, and when the work had been done the train proceeded on its journey. TnE monthly meeting of the Engineers' Association was held in the School of Art«, last night, when the chair wa« occupied by Mr. Norman Seife, and twenty members were present After the minutes of the previous meeting had been confirmed, Mr. W. Crispin was elected a senior, and Mr. Sands a junior member of the association, and two new members were proposed. Sir. David Waugh then read an interesting paper on the theory of the action in tho water of screw , propellers. Various opinions were entertained with regarded to the pitch and slip of screws, and the ideas of tome of the oldest and best authorities on the subject wore referred to. Certain principles were laid down in the paper, and it was resolved to adjourn the discussion on them until the paper had been printed and circulated amongst the members. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Waugh for his trouble, and the meeting termi- nated. The New South Wales Rowing Association has been formed to supply a long- recognized want, and from the number of members enrolled up to the {resent promises to be a success. Tho associa- tion hag now under its management the intercolonial tight-oar race with Victoria, which is to be rowed ou the Parramatta River in the present year, on a day yet to be decided upon. The committee are engaged In drawing up a code of laws for the regulation of its own »ntests, and the adoption of these may materially assist tature regatta committees. In cases of dispute the usociation would be the best court of appeal or arbitra- tion. -At a committee meeting held on Monday last, a letterwas read stating that the Victorian Rowing Association "could not consent to row the race later than the end of May," and "earnestly hoping- that this time will bel accepted, as otherwise the present committee will be unable to fix »ny date, their term of office expiring in September." The reason given by the V. R. A. for objecting to the pro- posal of the N. S. W. R. A. to row the race in June or August is that the Victorian oarsmen are prevented from training in the winter months ; the committee of our association has therefore no other course but to «cede to the demand of the other colony, or otherwise have the race postponed to an indefinite period. Btfore finally fixing the day it was decided to ascertain what boats were available. A oircular has beon re wived from the Ballarat Regatta Committee with jeference to the grand regatta tobe held there in March. | It will include all the usual events, and the prizes are to be of greater value than is usually the case. Accom- modation for boats and hospitalitv to the visitors are offered, which will make the trip to "-our beautiful Lake Wendouree one of comfort and enjoyment." This event should receive the notice of some of our oarsmen. Thï fourth annual meeting of the Volunteer Fire Brigade, No. 8, was held in the head-station, Castle ^ v trWt' on Tue8day niRût- The annual report was fTJlyül« secretary, and adopted by the meeting. It Jktw that efficiency and strength had been well main- tained in the brigade during the past year, and that a new manual engine had been added to the plant i «a cost of £114 12s'. Regret was expressed that a want of funds prevented the brigade taking advan- tage of' many improvements in fire-preventing and rt^0V?g aPParatus- Th-o lease of their present itation-house was expiring, and new premises would probably have to be obtained. Considering the gratuitous «ervices the brigade rendered to the public, it was thought the Government might grant thora a M» for a new station-house. Thev had been ¡"»appointed in that respect by the Corpora- tion, and were the only brigade in the metropolis having to pay rent for their station, incre were at present 40 members enrolled, and the number of .fires attended during the past year was 80. IT0//29488- 4d- had been received in subscrip- tions and donanons. Out of this £287 12s. lOd. had o«n espended for various purposes. The general oaiance in hand, therefore, was £6 10s. 6d. There was »to a sum of £28 to the credit of the sick and ¡SS** ??*. The election of offlcer8 f0* 1879 re !_i^M*oUows-Superintendent, Mr. W. S. Kelly, «wiected; foreman, Mr. G. Holden : assistant. Mr. J. Shute; secretary, Mr. E. Souter; treasurer, Mr. P. Bevin ; engine-keeper, Mr. W. Spear ; auditors, Messrs. ¡ J. Swadling, G. Mallard, and W. Dobson. After the meeting the members adjourned to the Edinburgh Castle Hotel for supper. When this had been attended , to, Mr. W. Hinchy presented Mr. John Devlin, band- master of the brigade band, with a gold medal and an illuminated address, as tokens of appreciation of that i gentleman's untiring efforts in perfecting the band. The seventh quarterly meeting of the Associated Hairdressers of New South Wales was held on Tues- day night last, at the Melbourne Club Hotel-the president (Mr. C. E. Wigzell) in the chair. The hon. secretary, Mr. G. V. Brady, read the minutes of the previous meeting, which were duly confirmed. Four new members were admitted to the society during the evening. The committee reported that the whole of the trade of the city and suburbs, with but few exceptions, had discontinued opening their establishments on Sundays. . Extracts were read from the first half-yearly report of the Victorian Hairdressers' Society, in which it states that the receipts amounted to £57 10s., the number of members enrolled being 137, and also that the whole of the trade had now discontinued Sunday working. The meeting olosed with a vote of thanks to the president The general monthly meeting of the Poultry, Pigeon, and Canary Society was held last evening, at the Temperance Hall. About thirty members were present, and Mr. Beattie occupied the chair. The secretary stated the result of the Menangle match for tumblers, as follows :-Mr. Wrights bird, 75£ minutes ; Mr. Allerton's, 85 minutes ; Mr. Pope's, 80 minutes ; and Mr. Marr's, 98 minutes. A protest entered by Mr. Gilchrist against the decision of judges at the late Exhibition, was referred to the committee. Mr. Gilchrist asserted that one of the judges had bred Mr. Hall's bird (the prize one), and was therefore interested in its success. A new member, Mr. J. Broughton, was elected, and Mr. E. Arditto was proposed. The trea- surer's quarterly statement showed a balance of £d 19s. 6d. to tne credit of the society. The importa- tion of £250 worth of highly bred birds, from England and Belgium, by private members, has recently given the society a great impetus. The enterprise of the importers does them credit, for no expense has been spared to secure tho best strains of blood. Silver owls, homing birds, almond tumblers, English carriers, and Belgian canaries are among the best of the importations. Mr. Thompson, the treasurer, proposed-" That steps be taken to assist the Govern- ment in making the poultry, pigeon, and canary section at the International Exhibition a success." He could make no definite suggestion, but expressed tho hope that some member of the society would. Mr. Crane proposed,-" That a committee be appointed to draw np a report on tho subject, for presentation at the next meeting." This motion was carried, and Messrs. Halls, Thompson, Beattie, Crane, and S. Hordern were appointed. Subsequently, Messrs. Gray and Freeman wero added to the com- mittee. On the motion of Mr. S. Hordern, a vote of thanks was passed to the gentlemen who acted as judges at the recent show. Mr. Thompson briefly re- turned thanks for the compliment, assuring the meet- ing that the judges had done their work to the best of their ability. A Vote of thanks to the treasurer was passed and responded to, and the birds intended for competition at the Picton match next Saturday were stamped. " Squeakers," pigeons about 8 months old, and " grunters," those from 4 to 6 months old, wera again marked, and the meeting olosed. On Monday afternoon last a number of gentlemen employed in the Audit Department proceeded to Moss man's Bay to compete for prizes offered by lovers of the manly sport of rowing. There were upwards of 20 aspirants for honours, and the races were well contested, some of the competitors showing considerable skill in the use of the oar. The duties attendant upon the positions of starter, judge, and umpire were ably performed by gentlemen from the Treasury Department, who kindly offered their services and con- tributed largely to the success of the gathering. At the termination of the regatta refreshments, which had been provided, were done justice to, and the party re- turned home about 8 o'clock, well satisfied with the afternoon's amusement. The time available being limited, the events were necessarily few. The following list shows the names of those who were successful in the different races ¡-First Hace-Juniors, rowing pair oars in watermen's skiffs ; course, from the head of Mossman's Bay to Robertson's Point-first prize, Sedgwick and Hiddilston; second prize, Leggat and Bolton. Second Bace-Seniors, same course and boats ; this race was rowed in heats; first heat, Jackson and Bowyer, 1 ; Gregory and Notting, 2 ; second heat, Freeman and Eldridge, 1 ; Dennis and Hole, 2 ; deciding heat-first prize, Freeman and Eldridge; second prize, Jackson and Bowyer. Third Bace-Single soulls, same course and boats as previous races: Jackson, first prize; Stewart, second prize. Prizes, trophies. It is proposed to hold these reunions quartet ly in future. At St. Stephen's Church (Presbyterian) last night was held the fourth of the series of united prayer meetings in connection with the Evangelical Alliance, the subjects of prayer being-" For the effusion of the Holy Ghost ' upon all flesh ; " for the continuance of peace; for the establishment of righteous govern- ment ; for the spread of enlightenment, goodwill, and the lore of justice among all nations, and for their con- version to Christ; for the removal of intemperance and other social evils ; special -prayer for the nation, its Sovereign, and all in authority." The Bev. Dr. Steel, the pastor of the church, presided, and the meeting was conducted on the same plan as on preceding occasions : the address being delivered by the Bev. George Martin, after which several ministers and other gentlemen engaged in prayer. The Bev. T. S. Forsaith announced that this evening's meeting will be held in Pitt etreet Congregational Church (the subjects for prayer being : " For the blessing of the Spirit of God to accompany evangelistic and missionary labours, and render thora fruitful to Christ ; for the turning of all Israel to the Lord ; for the growth and stability of the young Churches gathered from heathen communities ; for the revival of Bible Christianity in Eastern lands ; for the preaching of the Gospel among all nations, and for ' cheerful giving ' on the part of those who go not themselves to this work ; ") and that the meeting would be so conducted that it should be brought to a close by 9 o'clock. The benediction was pronounced by the chairman, ' A series of musical recitals took place at the showroom of Messrs. Nicholson and Ascherberg, George Street, yesterday afternoon, in which Miss Maud Fitz Stubbs, Mr. Charles Packer, and Mr. C. Huenerbein took part. The proceedings were of a very interesting character, and conducted in the presence of several lady and gentlemen admirers of the soothing art One of the principal objects in view was the trial of a concert grand piano by Emil Ascherberg, of Dresden, and just imported. This instrument is a very transparent illustration of manufacturing art, being artistically finished in all directions. Its attractiveness, however, does not lie in its appearance, but rather in its power, beauty, and brilliancy of tone, each of which elements has been investigated and commented upon favourably by continental critics. It is obedient to every sympathy of an expert manipulator, and, possesses a singing quality secured by peculiar arrangement of the strings, similar to that which acquired at the Paris Exhibition so much popularity for Russian pianos. In the interior economy of the instrument, which is on the Sternway principle, is a novelty consisting of a bar attached to the sounding board, by which undue expansion or contraction resulting from climatic effects are counteracted. Arrangements are also introduced for toning the volume of sound down to one-half of its power, or thereabouts, so that the instrument, under this circumstance, would not be overpowering in a room of more limited dimensions than those of an ordinary concert room. Its notes have a satisfactory travelling power, and their sweetness is much enhanced by the effect of a short distance. Some experiments were also tried with an American cottage organ, by Estoy, during the evening. This instrument has two manuals, two octave pedals, a great variety of stops, and considerable power. A vert bright moonlight night tempted a large number of the members of the Hunter's Hill and Gladesville Horticultural Society to their fifth meeting, at the Council-chamber. The Bev. Father Dalton, as usual, contributed ferns, 4a, for the wall decorations. The chief attractions of the evening were for the three prizes offered by the members as follows :-Mr. Garrick, for tho best bouquet made by ladies, won by Mrs. Tribe, Gladesville ; Mr. Fitzgerald, for the best three verbenas in pots, also won by Mrs. Tribe; Mr. Durham, for the best collection of vegetables, won by Mr. D'Ardier, of Gladesville. A certificate of merit was also awarded to Mrs. Weekes for a bouquet, and several other ladies received general commendations from the visitors , for their elegant displays. For tho purpose of illus- trating a paper to be road by him, Mr. Mortimore, ', florist, of Double Bay, brought some young ferns, j marantas, caladiums, and a olerodendron Balfouri. Mr. : Garrick exhibited colei, streptocarpus, begonias, and fuchsias. Miss Campbell, miscellaneous cut flowers, ' fuchsias, pansies, and verbenas, neatly arranged. Mr. C. Manning had 12 fine varieties of colei, but too much Í drawn. Mr. Weekes, as usual, had a very fino display, j consisting of 50 pot plants, comprising adiantums, C colei, begonias in great variety, abutilon august Pass wald, verbenas, fuchsias, gloxinias, phyllanthus i variegata, musk bambusa, japónica var., maranta 1 bicolor, all very carefully grown j also a beautiful collection of cut flowers. Mr. Clarson exhibited nec- tarines, Lord Napier and Balgowan, and green gage and yellow cherry tomatoes; Master W. Campbell geranium; Mrs. Walter Campbell a very well grown specimen of rochea coccínea, one of the handsomest of the Crassulo ; Mr. Walter Campbell again excelled with a very fine collection of cut flowers, among which were roses, pelargoniums, bouvardias, double geranium negro, and several other rare and handsome specimens of floriculture; Miss Mary Campbell a pretty bouquet ; Mr. G. A. Bussell tray of cut flowers and a fine col- lection of vegetables and fruit, which made a good . second to the prize lots ; Mr. Brookes, flowering begonias and ivy-leaved geraniums ; Mrs. Gale maranta Beurina and tigndia pavonia ; Miss Trebeck, I miscellaneous cut flowers ; Master 0. Trebeck, Davallia pyxidata and basket of ferns ; Mr. D. Fitzgerald, Pan- danus, Calanthe, ferns, and Lycopod; Mr. Meffell, ferns, lycopodiums; Mrs. Deflell, bouquet; M. D'Ardier, phloxes, herbaceous and Drummondii, pelar- goniums, dahlias, and other choice cut flowers ; Dr. Manning, a fine lot of Helicrysums, Miss Jeanneret bouquet ; Mr. Jeanneret, a fine collection of vegetables, and fruits, a credit to the " Hill ;" Miss L. Makinson, fine lot of peaches ; Mrs. Leslie, several varieties of peaches, nectarines, all excellent ; Mr. Durham, a certificate of merit for a large and very excellent col- lection of fruits and vegetables ; Bev. Father Dalton, basket of fine apples. Mr. Mortimore read a practical paper on growing ferns, &&, illustrating it by various specimens before him. A vote of thanks was accorded to him. About 800 blue jackets connected with war vessels in the harbour were taken into the Domain, yesterday morning, for the purpose of being put through some field movements. They presented a very fine appearance en route ; their forms being " of the' manliest beauty," and their uniforms olean and serviceable- looking. Many were tall, powerful-looking men, but there was a large sprinkling in the ranks of the kind of men popular in head-quarters just now for military or naval service -lads l8 or 19 years old, and who, the Duke of Cam- bridge would say, had adopted no civil occu- pation, had fallen into no inveterate ? habits, and possessed all the makings of men of service. They were headed by the efficient band of the Wolverene, who played, amongst other selections, "A Life on the Ocean Wave" and "Tom Bowling." The Domain is an excellent place for military manouvres. There is plenty of open space there, and the drill, although rather heavy, seemed like recreation to the men. Skirmishing was prin- cipally the order of the proceedings, but bayonet charges and advance movements wcro engaged in, and considerable amusement ensued upon a rush at a large mob of cows trespassing on tho Domain and put to very rapid flight. Two field-guns and a Gatling gun, tho latter capable of an output of about 250 shots a minute, wore brought into operation, and added considerably to the importance of the proceedings. The agility of tho men, the freedom of their movements, and the heartiness with which they entered upon their work were all subjects of com- mendation amongst onlookers, while their efficiency is beyond doubt a strong foundation for the public to base a sense of security from outward attack upon. Breech loading rifles and a sort of cutlass bayonet were the arms brought into play, and as the latter gleamed in the sunlight they presented quite a novel and imposing sight One of the most interesting operations was that of the Jack Tara seeking cover. The old- fashioned plan of standing up to fire is almost entirely dispensed with nowadays, and the way in which the men crawled through the grass, and took advantage of tufts of herbage and little hillocks to hide themselves from the sight of a supposed approach- ing foo, demonstrated pretty clearly that it would bo exceedingly difficult to injure a body of men pro- ceeding in this way. Commander Bridges, of the Wolverene, superintended the movements of the men, but several other officers were'present and directed them. A little before noon the contingent formed fours and proceeded to Fort Macquarie, where the men re embarked on board their respective ships. The inquest on the body of William Davies, found last Monday in a waterhole on the Randwick Hoad, which was adjourned from Tuesday last, was resumed at the Brecknock Arms Hotel, yesterday. Several witnesses deposed to having seen the deceased on Saturday morning, and one of them (Andrew Hume) stated that, when he saw him, Davies was staggering about and appeared to be drunk. He (Davies) was going in the direction of Randwick, followed by a dog, and when Hume inquired if he was going to the races, he replied that he was not-that he felt unwell and was going to lie down in the bush. Dr. Halkett's evidence was to the effect that he had examined the body of the deceased, and in his opinion drowning was the cause of death, but owing to the advanced decomposition the marks of drowning were not so clearly defined as usual. A lad named Percy Bressington stated that on Saturday afternoon he found a coat lying near a waterhole at the junction of Cleve- land-street and Randwick Boad. On the coat were lying exposed a watch, a pair of spectacles, and a soft felt hat He did not move the coat, but he took the watch, spectacles, and hat home, and gave them to his mother, telling her where he had found them. Mrs. Bressing- ton handed them over to Mrs. Davies, who identified them as the property of her husband. The jury re- turned an open verdict to the effect that the deceased was found drowned in a waterhole on the Randwick Boad, but the evidence did not enable them to say how or by what means he became drowned. By our papers from India we leam that Mr. Brough Smyth is extending the radius of his researches as to the area of quartz reefs in S. E. Wynaad. The Ooty paper says that ho has visited the Nellamboor Valley, wisely taking advantage of the most healthy season of the year for his exoursion to this foverish locality. He is reported to have discovered several largo reefs at this low elevation, which are doubtless continuations of some of the veins cropping on the Wynaad plateau, and prove the great depth of the fissures. It is un- derstood that Mr. Smyth now purposes visiting South and West Wynaad for the purpose o£ ascertaining how far, in that direction, the system of quartz veins occurs. In reference to the unpleasantness during the lato cricket match, the Argus says :-On Thursday, during the progress of the international cricket match, a little unpleasantness occurred in consequence of Mr. Conway having been refused admission to the ground of the M.C.O. without producing a ticket, though the person in charge of the checktakers admitted that ho knew ho was the manager of the Australian team. Mr. Conway forced his way in, and resistance being offered he got a slight scratch on the face. Mr. Gregory, as captain of the Australian Eleven, wrote a letter to the com- mittee of tlie M. C. C. intimating that the Eleven insisted upon the dismissal of the offending person referred to. The club assented to' this, and the difficulty was arranged. It has recently been rumoured that Mr. Bailey's broken arm would have to be amputated, and publicity is given to gossip that he intended removing to Mel- bourne, and would join the South Melbourne Cricket Club. On making inquiry (says the Hobart Town Mercury of the 81st ultimo), we find that there is not the slightest truth in either of these statements. Mr. Bailey is fast recovering from the injury to his arm. Th6 bone has " set beautifully," according to his medical attendant, and already the splints have been removed, a ßtarch bandage being all that ia now required to com I plete the restoration of the limb. It will not, however, be possible for this distinguished cricketer to play again this season for any club ; but he has no intention of, ! even when able, wielding the willow on behalf of any colony save Tasmania, where he learnt so well how to use it ' A PEcuxiABXT painful case of death from exhaustion (says the Wagga Express) occurred on the night of the 2nd instant, at Murphy's Jerra Jerra Hotel. '?? On the day in question the Albury coach passed a man lying on the coad unconscious, and evidently suffering from the want of water. He was placed in tho vehicle and taken to Jerra Jerra, where ho died that night. A magisterial inquiry was held before Mr. Burns, J.P. We learn that the name of the deceased was Richard Vincent. Ho was about 85 years of age and a native of Cornwall, England, having come to this colony in the steamer Aconcagua, only about a fortnight ago. Ho arrived in Wagga penniless on his way to Ballarat, where he anticipated getting employment, In England ho had been superintendent of a farm. He saw Archdeacon Pownall in Wagga, and appeared of a particularly reticent disposition, especially ns regards hi6 pecuniary j circumstances. The Archdeacon, however, ascertained i that his letters of introduction wero unexceptionable and that he was in want, assisted him, giving him in addition a letter to tho Rev. Mr. Acocks, of Albury. Ho left Wagga Wagga on New Year's Day, and stopped that night at Pcntland's Hotel on the Albury Rood, where he was most hospitably received, and payment was declined. He left in the morning, and it would seem, struck into the bush for the railway line, the direction of which he had been informed of. Nothing more was heard of him until the coach came by, and found him in the condition abovenamed. Mr. Pilcher, who was upon the coach, initiated a subscrip- tion for hiin, and further became responsible to the hotelkeeper at Jerra Jerra for any expenses that might bo incurred. Thc"good feeling, that was manifested was, however, vainly exercised for the saving of tho unfortunate man's life, as he expired shortly after his arrival at Jerra Jerra. An action for damages was recently brought at Wellington against the captain of the Zealandia for injury done to a boy by a rocket fired from on board that voted. Judgment for £50 was given, with £14 costs. The deep-sea sailors at present in the port of Mel bourne, according to tho Argus of Monday, want more wages than the shipowners offer, and, being refused, have inaugurated a strike. The movement has been going on tor a few days. It ia entirely apart from the Chinese labour question, and the seamen of coasting vessels are excluded. The number of men who have joined in the strike up to the present is 46, and it is expected that they will receive considerable augmenta- tion within the next few days. Their demand is for £7 per month for direct home voyages, and £5 per month for " rounds," or voyages in which there is an inter- mediate port of call. The ordinary wage is said to bo £6. At Cliristmos it rose to £7, but since then it h» fallen to £6, and the men cannot now obtain engage- ments above £5. As they consider £7 only a fair sum, they havo resolved to resort to the extremity of a strike. The last ship which left for London was the Loch Vennachar. Her A.B.'s wero articled for £5, and efforts were therefore made to in- duce them to refuse duty, but a dread of imprisonment kept them at their posts, and as they engaged before the strike was commenced, they wero not subjected to any violence. The Sir Walter Raleigh, which is about ready to leave for England, wonted six men on Satur- day at the low rates, but none could bo had. During the day the seamen formed themselves into a procession, and, with a Union Jack in front and a flag bearing the words "Morewages" in the rear, paraded from the Sailors' Home through the principal streets. They state that they aro being supported m the course they have taken by the boarding-house keepers of Williams- town and Sandridge, who promise to assist them in the matter of board and lodging. Some months ago (say the New Zealand papers) it appears that Mr. Ballanco caused a sample of Taranaki sand to be sent to Sir John Coode for experiment. It waB by him placed in the hands of Mr. 0. W. Siemens, who says it was thought at ono time the largo per centago ia the sand would improve when iron was made from it, but it does not, and it has the disadvantage of producing a thick " slug " in the furnace, although it produced a good quality of hon or steel. In cunclusion, he says :-" It will not pay to carry oro over to this country (England), but if coal can bo obtained at moderate cost near the ore it would pay under ordinary conditions of the iron trado to smelt in tho colony." 