MEDICAL. CoL'-tni BI.TNI>.VE*S. - La France Medicaid states that il. iMboctif has fouud that if a per* son jifflictcd with Diltonisra loolffl through a layer otinchfiine in solution Ins infirmity din appears. A. practical application of this dis covery has been made by AL J oval, by inter p-jriiiifT between two glasses a thin layer of gelatine previously tinted with fuchsine. By regarding object* through Mich a .medium all the diiiicultks of colour-blindness arc said to bo corrected. LxvanT^B AS jl HKDICIXE.-There is not the remotest corner or little inlot of the minute blood-vossele, of the human body which docs not feel soma warolct from the eoLvulsions occasioned by good hearty Uughter. The life principle, or the central man, is shaken to tho iuneriaost depths, sending new tides of life and strength to the surface, thus materially tending to injure good health to the persons who indulge therein. The blood moves more rapidly and conveys a different impression to all the orgaua of the body, as it visit* them on that particular myotic journey when the man is laughing, from what it docs at other times. For this r<fcson every good hearty laugh in which a person indulges lengthens his life, con* vcjing ^s it does new and distinct stimulus to the vital forccs. I'Kr.it-A daily excess of beer lca:s (says Alcohul) t<^a state ol fulnes* and plethora, and a great accumulation of fat. This is partly duo to » check ia the proper nutritive changes iu the tissues, paitly to increased supply of fut forming substances. The waste products are imperfectly burnt off.and accumulate in-iho system, giving rise to -gouty and bilious dis orders. The uso of beer in moderation answers several purposes besides the action of .tho alcohol; it supplies' subatancos -which aw nu tritious and fat-forming, and lessens thodei strnotion of fat, and thus increases the weight of tho body. The froo acids and tho bitter, extractivo matters, which are chiefly derived from tho hops, are useful as stomachio tonics,' and serve to promoto digestion. Tho salts also assist in nutrition, though in what manner we do not know. In moderation, therefore, boor is undoubtedly useful to many. . CONVENTIONALITIES OY THE MEDICAL ART IN CHIKA.-A recently published JTrenoh work, "Les Peuples Etranges," gives some curious information about raedicino among the Chinese A regular gradation, ifc appear, is established among medicinea; thero are 120 remedies of the first order, holdinir tho rank of aoveroign in tho medical empire; 120 of tho second order, with rank of ministers or higher mandarins, and 125 of tho third and last order, like sub altern officers. In China, as in all Eastorn oountries, tho physicians are made an object of raillery in stories. Here is a speoimen.. Kound tho doctor's abodo wander continually, tho shades of thoso whom they have, sont to tho other world; thoy glide along the "walls, or crouch round tho door, hoping to get back the body which tho medial art has taken from them. Ono day. a merchant's BOU went out to seek a doctor for his brother. He found such, a multitude of dolorous ghosts round the doors of the fashionable doctors, that he shrank from entering, as ho did not wish to see his. brother swell the number of victims. He went through tho wholu town, and at length per ceived the sign of a druggist's shop in a small obscure street. There were only two ghosts before tho modest abode. Tbe youth knocked resolutely; tho savant opened. "How long have you practised modicine ?" asked the young man. V Only Bibce yesterday," was the reply. .... - " PBAYIKG Dodons.1'-The World of April 23 has an article on praying doctors, which imputes to certain-or a certain class of-me dical practitioners, that they seize tho oppor tunity offered hy the bodily and mental weak ness of their patients, to ply thom with appeal* and exhortations on^ the subject of religion, and so practically establish thoinselves a* mo* dicaliou/tjsor*. ff there were any real ground for this imputation, wo should be the first to denounce a procedure so obviously at variance with the obligations of raedic.il oti quotte and domestic decency. No confonnd ing of the functions of tho physician with those of the spiritual director would be sanc tioned by the approval of tho profession. If a' practitioner were known to abuse his proper relations with tho sick by proselytising, or making personal capital- out of a pretenoe of religions zeal, he would be justly ostracised by the common souse of the scientific community. Wo do not, however, believe the assertion, that such a course is pursued by any creditable member of the profession. Thero aro, of course; black sheep in every flock, our own not ex cepted; but we- hope, and; have confidence, that the number of those blackest of black hearted men who would atrlise a reputation for praying, and an.aptitude foe preaching, in the interest of a "connexion," is verysmallj and of the total crew the medical profession hasfbw representatives in its ranks. So pace the world. -.Lancet. 