WESLEY AN SUNDATSCHOOL ANNI VERSARY. Auniyersary services in connection with the Wesleyan Sunday School were held in the church at Wallaroo on Sunday last, Not. 3, when the in the morning, the H^slatn-i&the; afitferaoon,,and the Rev. J., ^Llbyd'in the (evening. \0QttMoafag. evening. ITor. 3, the puhlic meet (ing was held.; tEhe": building was prettily ted wtth flowers andevergreens, and thspM|eeai?T *"t^ened ,Mrlth singiug by the childr&>j| aner irliiojt. the. Bev. J. Has la 02 engaged' ini prayer, ; TjPj Mr T. Davies, the Superintendent of the | school, then took the chair, and said that it Was one of the privileges attendant on the posi tion of .Chairman that he could deliver an ad dre% or leaye it alone, asfee thought proper, and hl&haddecided; on the latter course, and not to in flict a speech on the audience but would call on the Secretary to read the balance-sheet and re port of the last year's proceedings, by the former 6f~which it appeared that the income had been £45 17s 4d, and the outlay £45 6s Id, leav ing a balance in the hands of Treasurer of lit 3d.- The report stated that, the school was corn- | posed of 11 male and seven female teachers i 64 male and 76 female scholars. Total teachers 18foholftrs 140, with an average attendance of! 125 scholars and 16 teachers. The library cod-' tairisS30 volumes, free to teachers and scholars.! During the past year several families have left j the distriot, which aecounts, in a great measure for a» decreaae:of about 40 scholars, Although it was believed that a few had left the school. It | was deeply regretted that one of the scholars who had attended very regularly, lost his life in a boat accident in thd bay some time ago, and his bro- ; ther, who was drowned at the same time, was con- i sidered to belong to the, school although he only attended occasionally, otherwise death had >not j entered their ranks. One of the little boys had been prevented from attending the anniversary through sickness, but that was the only case. Gratitude was expressed to the many kind friends who .had. rendered assistance during the past year and it was hoped they would continue it in the future. : . Master 5. Bowering delivered a short address in which h<? pointed out the duties of tea chers,^ how they; should be efficiently per formed, and referred to various other matters con nefcted with Sunday School work, which was much apphuded. • Mr Malcolm apofogisedfornot bjeing presenton 1 the previous day, and congratulated the commit-1 tee on the great success which r had attended the ! anniversary. In making the round of the show recently held at Kadina, he .was much struck by the beauty of the plants and lowers exhibited, and < they spoke loudly of the love and care of an all _^e worked always and we must j dotbe same. The best scholars weito the most energetic, and as it was impossible to tell what a day would bring .forth, the present should be made profitable, The grand object of Sunday Schools was the education of the immortal spirit, and, as the time would soon arrive when we must pass away, .we ought to live in accordance with God's laws so as to be prepared for the great change. He would urge'all to accept the invitation given by the inscription on the wall "Cast in your lot among us." The Rev. J. Haslam said the Apostle Paul's symbol of the Church .resembling the human body'.was beautiful ^and true, as on the .right per formance of all its functions depended the health ful condition of ;the whole. This law, in refer ence to the individual was found in society, a» not oi>e could prosper or suffer without afWing others; a single person frequently changes the aspect of his time, and becomes the benefactor of his reuse. Every member of the Church was in dispensable, and no one could say who was the most important; every man should do hiis duty willingly for Jesus' sake. ^he Rev. J. Lloyd congratulated the Chairman on the encouraging report which had been read. He-oxpreased his Approxal of one of the attend ants -on, the Sabbath School delivering an address, as those who belonged to the Church at an earl? age frequently proved the most nsefal; instancing Moses, Samuel, and others. Every one who loved Christ was a priest to&od;, and he did not believe that man had power to change the heart, but that it was the work of the Holy Ghost. Everyone should endeayour to be clotbed with the righteousness of Christ, and hot be ashamed to stand1 before God. Mr Phillips requested the1 co-operatl&n; of parentB in Sunday' School work, because if they impressed on the niinds of their children to be obedient to: their teachers, they would render great assistance. He proposed a vote' of thhnks to the ladies who had undertaken the collection of funds for the Sunday School for the ensuing year; to Miss North and all who had given effec tive assistance on the previous day, including the gentlemen who had officiated. He was glad to say that the Sunday collection amounted'' to £13 3s 6d. The Rev. J. Haslatn proposed that the thanks of the meeting be accorded to the Chairman which was carried with fnuoh. applause and the proceedings closed with the benediction. The children aang exceedingly well at intervals during the evening, but the attendance, owing probably, to the inclemency of the weather, ■ was not large. 1 . 