on the nerves. MsyFair. An interesting book might be made out of tHe cariosities of nervousness from a contempor ary stanipoint. The eldsr Disraeli has some where a chapter on the subject ; bat if our me- mory serves n« correc'.iy, Ms irjitanoei trench rather apon the hysterical conditions, the mono manias, the vrild fanciful deiurinos of the dis ordered imagination, than upon the prosaic tea- tares of the distemper. H« instances men that ould not bear tbe sight of ol'l Trow-iti, and who fainted dead away when a grandmother showed herself ; others who, if they beard a rat in tbe wall, took it for a ghost and g <t up and prayed fervently; and such things. Toe present age furnishes more rational imaginings, born of the daily pspsrs, emphasised by indigestion, and ri veted by tbe surprising eloquence of the diur nal quidnuncs. For instance, there are pleoty of people living at this moment who would warmly refuse to get into bed beforo lookiog un der it to make sure that no man lay there. And there are otherA who pass tne night iu constant fear of fire ; who, before they withdraw to their bedrooms, carefully rake out every fire place in the bouse, turn off the gas, inspect every room, kaock at the servant's doors and inquire through the keyholes if their candles are out ; and after all this bother, go to bed and lie awake until the dawn, with their ced-roorn doors ajar, sniff ing at imaginary fumes of burning, are ready to spring out and go riving tnad should anything like a cry be raised-;or these people never make any serious provision against fire should tire come. There are others, again, who will lie night after night in expectation of burglars. A distant footfall will court them to the window, where, cautiously pulling aside the blind by the breadth of a nose (giving scope to one eye), they will peer into the gloom aud mistake eorne sha dow for the figure of a man wrapped in au over coat, aud with a horse pistol iu every " pocket, intent upon the particular window whence be is being watched. Others will be kept awake by tbe song of the wind about the casement, or in the empty rooms around, coofouodiog these na tural souads with the murmur of human voices in tbe pantry, or ou the landing outside. These are some of' the hundred night fears beyond au ordinary imagination to express. Bat there are daylight fe3rs as numerous, ii not al ways so agooising. What words can convey the horror felt by a certain kind of nervous peo ple who, making a journey on a railway, are suddenly brought to a 3'.aad in a tunnel. No thing can comfort thern. Tneir heads shoot through tbe windows, their cries lacerate the gloom, and the reassuring shouts of the guard only aggravate their fright and provoke fresh yells for immediate release. Or take the men tal condition of another kind of nervous persona at sea. Every roll of the ship means imminent death. The carrying away of a water cask, the momentary stoppage of ihe engines, the cry of a man on tbe look ou>, the escape of a sail from tbe gaskets that confine it to tbe yard, and its consequent bellowing upon the gale, the abrupt shipping of .a sea, nay, the tumbling of the ste ward down a ladder, the fall aod smash of a few plates from the leaoiug saloon tabie, will strike an indeicribtble horror, aod lead to no end of convulsive cltDging and raom'oli igs of prayer. Indeed, it would be impossible to fill every page in this journal with a catalogue of tha. imagina tive afflictions under which nervous people la bour. Old Doctor Johnson, going back to touch an omitted post typifies a host ot numerous dis orders which need not be mistaken for supersti tions, and which assume a vast number of shape among ns in these days. Take a pavement full of people with a ladder across it from a house top to the kerbstone. How many ot the passen gers will wade into the mud of the road to save themselves from passing under that ladder 1 The proportion of the nervous people in tbe whole world will be happily iodicited by such an example. Of every hundred persons we question if ten would, without hesitation, pass under that ladder. When a man refuses to make his will, because be fears that by doing so he will hasten his death, are we not to attribute h'la cowardice to the nerves 1 It is a mere con venient apology to call each misgivings supersti tions. No one would hope to cute a priest's faith a winking Madonna by a course of quioine end superstitions of tbe real sort are assuredly not to be corrected by medics! treatment. But our latter day nerves are to be dealt with aud a good many horrors taken out of our miods, by the judicious doctor. Gajnseokoygh. — Gainsborough married a wo man with ao annuity of L209 a year, and thus according to the cost of living iu his time, had what was considered an independence. Ho lived for fonr and twenty years at Batb, from 1750 to 1774. He wss one of the foundation mem bers of the Royal Academy, and this distinction bad been given to bim before ho left Bath. But be does not seem to have had any high opinion of the institution, and did not trouble himself to teach or to partake in any of tbe Aca demy dinneia. He had a quarrel on the occasion of banging one of his moat beautiful paintings ior the exhibition. It was a portrait group of three of the princesses,daughters of GeorgoIlL, and be insisted that it should not go above the eye line. The council or committee would not yield to this pom1, the picture was withdrawn, and be never sent another to the Acidemy. Tbe picture survives, but has unhappily been cut into an overdoor panel. It represents the Prin cess Royal, Princesses Agusta and Elizabeth, tbe daughters of George III. ltsyuolds held Gains borough in high esteem, toasted him at otio Aca demy dinner as tho best landecape painter of the day, a compliment ill seon by Wilson, who added " and portrait painter too." Sir Joshua sat once to his portrair, but hsd to discontinue the sitting from illnots, and Gaiusborough never gave him another opportunity. Ho is said to have been fond of music, paiticularly of musical instruments which ho bought aud sometimes painted. But he had not tbu application neces sary for learning even his notes. He was gen erous to profusion, but his prices for portraits were very small during bis lifo at Bath — four to eight guineas for a head. Thoy wore higher when he removed to London. Sir Joshua gave bim a hundred guineas for a landscape, for which tbe priceB asked had been eighty. He died, leaving but a modest fortuuo to 1778. — Magazine of Art. ' Ma, has your tongue got legs I' ' Got what obild V ' Got legs ma V ' Certainly not but why do you ask that question? 1 Ot nothing, only I heard papa say that your tongue was ruuniug from morning till uight.' A bevy of children wero telling what they got at school. The eldest got reading, spelling and definitions. ' And what did you get little one ? asked tho father to rosy clieekud little fel low, who at the same time was driving a tun- penny nail into the door panel. ' Mo ? I gets roadiu', spellin', and spankin'.' 