THE LATE V.A.t.CWEETlNG. By Beacon. Since tlie -time when -the Caul field Club parted with its. interest to the 'Yietoiria Ama teur Tu'i-f 'Club, T liave seen no;' pforamme ,issiiefi that I thouit better calculated; to ilraw good horses and fair fields tlian that ;riin off, on Saturday dast.' ' "When; .first'.-; this :; club . was formed,' and indeed ' until, recently; there was tod miich money appprtioned to the' amateur races to the injury oj(.ttlip'wNnliithavt found more favor \vitli .tlie .puhliq ahd tieen far xnore; remunerative -to . : the. ritihi;:., -That tho amateur element shoiild .be fostered rand cared ; '.for, no one; objects to, ':b\t£theWrwasra little 'too ; 'niucH,; mphej' iven to ' sustain 5'thb Vietovia; ;" Gold 'Cf i'i'sj , whicli at thelr'tune-I spejik )o!f .'was > 'made .the chief item ofiieVery field day. Since ;then wiser counsels have prevailed; "and I tnut; tliat in future the pfpammes will ibe drawn' hvitli more regard 'to 't& fequireinents of the' _time, and adapted to ' the. Beason of Vthe. , year. .The programme of Saturday .last could 'scarcely have been improved; and. I think all will- agree; 'with mo that the Caiilfiotd ; Gup hrdiight" toge ther a bettor field ' of liorae3 and produced a !more interesting. rape thafi the- "vYictpria Gobi tCup., lias ever snccpeded in doing. It , is. .a, . great mistake to . make > laio .stakes,. ton. pom-' :mon,: a:nd it is still worse to lavish money over > prize' when tho Bucoess of' the. stake is doubt ful, or when a .certain class of horses are too; few and widespread; to.. ensure a respectable; fiold at the po3t. ; Tlie Gaulfield :Cup is nQW; ah established raioe;" arid .1 hope to see fit con- ' tinned next year, but I- do not think it woiild be in plapo p,t 'a" ivihter meeting, " he; success, .of the lide meeting— for it was well supported; by ownero : o£ horses . and- sportsmen of all; grades; 'even if the pulilio were not there — is a 'cphvincing proof that good stakes'" vvill receive! cheerful support, .and "the hhibr could : not clo: better than make an :opW hurdle race and stee-! .plePhase,the chief features of their .winter meet ing. 100 sovs.iadded to the first and 200 sovs. to the secorid,- with 100 sovs. for a Victoria Gold. Cup) a' inile handicap, " and another Amateur; nice bringing the added ihoneyj up to 500, 30 vs. : should pay the. club,. if apy programme of that1 amount will - pay, : satisfy, the,, members,. and; cause, a great many cross-country Hdraes to he' resorved for it.- It muat hs. Admitted that at the present moment therp are not sufficient gentlemen riders,. , more-i particularly, cross-; country riders, to warrant '200 "guineas ; being1 set aside for their espebial delectation; abd I think ixx the appropriation of the Funds' of "the club this should he "taken" into" consideration. The money should be placed where there is the! most promise, df- sport and. good- fields; and staXria that will riot' fill ' shouid 'be only modo- ;rately subsidised or omitted for a time, until there are a sufficient number of horses to en sure a race that will not be utterly devoid of interest. There are programmes that are suitable to certain seasons, and others that are not, and if the club should be fortunate enough to meet the wants of the stables, and at the same time to hit the tsistea of the public, there is no reason why the club should , not continue -and prosper, as it is the wish it should do. Much lias been done since the V.A.T. Club : held its first meeting in March, 1876. The lawn and saddling-paddock present a . widely i different appearance, being now covered with" a thick coating of couch grass, which is of life long duration. The course too will soon be as ' thickly covered as the lawn, and should be;at , ; all-times splendid going. The one objection to . | couch grass is that, when it dries, it chips and . breaks off, then flies about here and. there ih a most objectionable manner ; but if watcredioh i the day preceding and the morning of- thoracis ; litis easily kept in subjection. A; stewards', room, weighing and pres3 room, also a press- box in the stand are very much required ; the latter has been so long promised that one is inclined to despair of receiving any accommo-' dation for some time to come, so the work has... to be performed under difficulties. At future i meetings there will be more special trains' running than upon the last occasion, and by.- this means all dust is avoided and the chance : of- accident from the reckless driving of. the- oabmen removed. The platform at Gaulfield is very conveniently, placed close to the gates ; of the course, and many , would have returned !i by the rail had tliey not rested under an- ini: - pressiou that tickets could not be procured - at ; the Gaulfield eud. In future, perhaps, this- want will be supplied. There is not sufficient bar accommodation, and the present place' is .. too far removed ; and as to. the drinks sup- plied they wcro, with the exception of ". She- ; oak,"- at bbiling heat, and many temperance j drinks that were called for were not to be pro- ; cured. The presence of. the Marquis of Nor- manby on the scene was most gratifying to . the members, and his Excellency was well, re-; ceiv'ed l.iy the public generally. There were i several carriages in the paddock, but in most instances the ladies preferred to . witness the races from the stan'd. -.- !r . 1 ; Of the five races set down .for decision, the ' first was the Hurdle Eace. for .which there were Bal- ; larat)' was ' mailie the erirly' favorite; :but just -b'efoi-0: -starting fiie": h'ad"to waive -his "claim in favor.'of : Sussex, who,' with-rCqrrigan on him) f .was n great demand. -.Sussex looked very big «irid-: yell, and before tlie flag, fell there was '.nothing else inquired.' for.) At the -same time) earlier in the day, both Fritz and Forester had been pretty freely supported. After going once round it became 'plain' that "nothing was : going - easier than Sussex, and next to him Dutchman seemed to be most at home. This ! pair came right away in the last half-mile, "Sussex winning with something in hand at the finish: "'Dutchman nevertheless ran a very ; stout race, and it was only "tlie patience of his .rider that brought Fritz where he wa3. Monk ' ran badly, the distance being too far for his : stanuiia, and Alarm is at present a little, too impotuoits to get to the end of a long race. Goron'g.was-not running a winning- race when ; -he fell and yielded up the ghost, and Loft . Bower (late Fingal) seemed to lack pace to ! travel with those opposed to him. A complaint i was lodged against W. Euclerson, the rider of Eamrod, for interfering with the other horses, ! and the stewards suspended him from riding for tho spaoc of six months. Whether or not cither clubs will endorse the action , of the Y.A.T.C!. remains to be seen, but I can feel no ) sympathy for those riders who come to gpicf through following crooked paths, 'arid Ender- son must make tlie best he can" of his 'eXcqm- municatioh from the turf, though I: siih afraid 'lie is of little use in other ways. Oorrigan has 'how had thie felicity of piloting both. Lord Harry and Sussex to ifictory under big weights, .and probably it is not the last time he will bo 'seen on their backs. Monarque had ah easy tiling in the Amateur Flat Race, Wantage, his "worst opponent, running inside of a post; which made Mr. Fraser pull him off and discontinue riding him, and the others were not too fit. A field of fifteen for the Gaulfield Gup was -most satisfactory and a .circumstance highly flatter ing to the liahdieapper.- Most of the horses were backed too, arid noXt to Newminstor and -Mountaineer, nothing more so. than. The King. Levant was a quiet - pot amongst a small crowd ; ' )at) .Flemington, and tlio whisper abroad that he was not quite himself could have no founda tion in foot. Many went far Mountaineer ; 'and Star, Palmei-ston and Tom Kirk all had ) their' share of partisans. ' ' It was a pretty race throughout, ending in. a fine finish between: three horses, arid but for the resolute riding of Yeomatis it might have been reversed, so little was there in it ten lengths away from the goal. : -This : is . .the first, race. Newminstor lias won sincq lie- landed the Gold Gup at Geelong at, tlie meeting before the last, on which occasion; he carried 8 st., heating Tom Kirk, .7 st.-;) Fill-- buster) 7 st. 9 lb.; First King, 8 st. 10 lb. ; Savanaka, !8 ist., &c.; when the two miles was rim in 3 inin.i'42.sec. . Since then ho has never! once rnn up to his form, and it was only"knowm! . four orfivedaya prior to the race that; his' pace had returned to him. There is no 'dqjiibt1 )liatl "there nof been- treachery1 in the cainp when1 ' he 'was tramihg .for "the Derby of Kis year that' \- we slicfuld never have Had . to record Briseis as; the winner'of tlie blue ribbon of the turf, anci when I look at ,liim I cannot help thinking that ,at that time the grandest horse ever bred in, tlie: . colonies was sacrificed to some needy and.un-' .'scrupiiloiis vagabonds. The. Steeplechase -was' a very bxciting contest, though ' reduced some what too early to three horse3, 'Red Lion,1 Goiilbiirn and Starlight. Two fences froin home the last named fell, and Red Lipa,':whb' was in! tlie.hest .condition of ,the two',- outlasted -Goid- ". burn.; Nine horses started, . five). fell and two . balked, and yet the Gaulfield course is said to be ; ah easy one. Surely there must" he some ) rerison 'for these casualties, tliough it ia diffi- )cuittp)assign one.'. Foiir' horses stertcd far the . Selh' RVice, which was won easfiy by Pyrrhiis ) with Activity second- - " - - - 