Literary Notes. Mr. Hepworth Dixon's new work ' British Cyprus' will shortly appear. Dublin will celebrate the centenary of the poet Moore on the 28th of May. Out of more than 300 English editions of Shakespeare that were in the Birmingham Library, only one was saved from the recent fire. Edison has completed arrangements for the simultaneous publication in both England and tho United States of his new work on the electric light. A Servian translation of six of Bret Harte's tales' has been printed at Temesvar, under the title of ' Ghost Kali forniickikh Pricha Breta Kharta.' Bayard Taylor's translation of ' Faust,' in tho opinion of the Saturday Review , is ' one of the most remarkable feats of translation achieved in any modern language.' Dr. Bickell, a well-known Svriac scholar, has publislie an attempt to prove that the Hebrew poetry of the ol Testament has not only strophes or stanzas, but metre. The authorities of Kiev University have just discovered that the Vladimir collection of ancient Sclavonic works, which ore of priceless value, has been robbed to the extent of 700 volumes. Mr, Anthony Trollope is to write on Thackeray, and Mr. Leonard H. Courtney, M. P., on Adam Smith, in Messrs. Macmillan and Co.'s series of ' English Men of Letters,' edited by Mr. John Morley. Blanchard Jerrold's ' Life of George Cruikshank,' the Academy hears, is likely to make its first appearance in a court of law instead of in the ordinary manner. The work is quite ready for publication. Mr. W. Russell, the doyen of Special War Correspondents, has been offered a good appointment under Government. I consider this not only a recognition of Mr. Russell's merits, but a compliment to the Press. — World. The Late Dr. Appleton, whose death we regret to have to announce, was a Fellow of St. John's College, Oxford. He died at Luxor in Upper Egypt. Dr. Appleton was the founder of the Academy newspaper, and the editorship of that journal continued in his hands up to the time of his death. The Archbishop of Canterbury has placed in the hands of Messrs. Macmillian and Co., for publication, a memoir of his late wife, including some notices of his son, the Rev. Crauford Tait. The volume will contain also the diary kept by Mrs. Tait on the occasion of the loss of their children some years ago at Carlisle. This, says G. A. Sala, is an age of literary nuts to crack. French puzzles and acrostics in the World , acrostics, mesostiches, and spelling enigmas in Truth , problems of all kinds in the Week, pictorial rebuses in the children's magazines ; the cry is ' Still they come ! ' and the Sphinx is everywhere. Infclix divinator a Sphinge occisiis : but nobody will take warning from the old saw. The Manuscript Department of the British Museum has acquired a large collection of papers relating to John Wilkes. They comprise many unpublished documents, among which the most interesting are a fragment of autobiography and a commonplace book. The more important particulars m these papers will be incorporated in a new work on Wilkes, which Mr. W. Frazer Rae, the author of 'Wilkes, Sheridan, Fox : the Opposition under George III.,' is now preparing. Messrs. C. Kegan Paul and Co. are preparing for publica tion, as a curiosity of literature, an epigram recently written by Mr. Charles Kent, and already translated into upwards of forty languages by some of the most illustrious scholars in Christendom. The original words are entitled, ' On the the Accession of Leo XIII. : an Epigram after Sr. Malachy,' cspecial reference being made therein to the reputed pro phesies, first laid before the world three centuries ago, in Wion's ' Lignum Yitio.' M. Maurice Sand, son of the great novelist, has discovered and published an account of a ' Pre-historic Flintimple ment Workshop' near the village of Logis, on the I frontier of the ludre and tbe Cher. On the summit of a l heath, almost on a level with the surface, he has picked : up hundreds of fragments of flints, convex on one side, con cave on the other ; also lanceolated axe heads, arrow heads a jasper axe, and many scrapers in red and white corne1' » or sardonyx. The flint layers cropping out to the —J1*0 bear marks of human labour. Mr. John Bright has subscribed to the T „ Memorial Fountain. Few people, says ' Wjnilton the Tweed knew anything about Ja- . south of toctrv the member for Biruiin ' , whos& Yet she was a remarkable w ® Jl. great admirer., working collier, near C-J^' ^the wife of t* 6 ' -rattmdgs, of strong and cleat intelligence. She was part of her life totally blind.. She could not read fill long after she was married, and had a family surrounding her, and ,of course she could not write. Yet she taught heraelf bath, gained prizes offered by London houses for essays, composed hundreds of poems, published them, and, we hope, realised some profit hy them. So a few of her old friends are getting up a memorial, which will take the shape of a fountain— a very appropriate one, as Janet was an enthu siastic water-drinker. Mr. Charles Reade, who never ' writes to the papers ' unless he has something useful and sensible to say, nor fails to say that something in a lucid and forcible manner^ has published a letter in which he very strongly recom mends the employment in the campaign against the horrible - Zulus of captive balloons. 'A very small one,' writes, the author of ' It Is Never Too Late to Mend,' ' would have raised a man 1GG0 feet, and shown him in a moment the shallow secrets of Zulu strategy. Lateral ambuscades, though in jungles, are no ambuscades to a scout looking down vertically with a powerful binocular and sweeping 3(L miles at a glance.' 