SOMAN" CATHOLIC PASTOEAL. TilE following is the second .Pastoral Letter, addressed to the clergy and laity of the Soman-Catholic Church in the archdiocese ofSydney:— " Soger Bede, by the Grace of God and the favour of the Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan to the Clergy, Secular and Begular, and the faithful of the said Archdiocese. " Health and benediction in the Lord. " Bererend and dear brethren, and dear children in JesuB Christ,— " Though the Catholic Church is by far tbe moBt formidable of the great apostasy, fitill she is not its sole opponent. Her foes themselves, if they possess any sound heart • of- iChristianity, are compelled, in self-preaervation, to set themself against it; no doeB it follow, from their being at one in this, that they are mutual friends: because tWo iiiBD, for their own private reasons, hate ' a third man, that does not even tend to prove'that they love each other. Those who profess the Catholic faith and those who protest against that faith can, for causes known to themselves, and those causes may bexfMifeally different, strike out against one and the same antagonist. Thus, the Catholic Church $ind; the. Bo&lish; 'nation, whilst con flicting.wjth each < other, are compelled, by force'of principle, to resist the advances of the great apostasy. "/TheiEDglish- cation, though it be not CatW>i ; c, is' Mill in many ways profoundly Christian.,. For wellnigh 1000 years Engl&iid;'lay steeped, as in a bath of supernatural light;, in. the strong Christianity of the Catbp)ic. Church ; and the benign influence o¥ $he Anglo-Sa* 011 monarchy, of that most touching period of, England's history, still exerts a certain sway over tbe people's con- ' epiepce.- Jt took possession of and moulded the national sentiment; and at the date of B5n§£?fit. ;T £'dw'ard'8 death, those laws, custi>mb, traditions which still give evidence of their influence, had stamped an especial cHaracter- on the.oational heart. The five centnne* of Norman-English rule consolidated and deepened tbe work of the prerious period ; and the'Oatholic Church expanded m go^rias.efi'e did in organization, and became part and parcel, not only of the law, bat,pf-*theiblood and heart of England.^ Jjk^venerable sees, her renowned universities, ber great monastic orders, her schools and munificent charities, ber large prerogs. tires in tbe temporal order, her glorious past written .in -pwny, an illuminated page, ber auregja ^f^notity, and her absolute hold on %e ^popular • imagination •— how could Englapd^rlivjng for wellnigh 1000 years in each a thrall as tbi«, help being permanently afibcted in ieroyitjonal,character ? Down to tbfl we may fairly say that " ad f)een: living 4he life of the ' urch| as .it has formed some of _bautifuT'pages of her history, date, whilst tbe Church's autboia^-lrMectpia, many of hm, iroad tal'te^ctiitiga hareremaiDed. "Look at tlie Unginud nf to-ilnv, and say . whether or no you do not permvts ill noma of the inaio outlines of l\nr chnraotor dppp, indiilible tokens of past itifluenc-B ? What do we Bee? First, a national Church, with i the old cathedrals and old sees, and the vil- 1 lage churches, nil proclaiming thr.ir origin in every stone of thorn; a hierarchy of arch-'. bishops and bishops, with the prayer-book and the ritual breathing, if they broatheany breath at ull, a breath redolent of ancient days; then there are ihe old universities of! Oitord and Cambridge, seed-plots of great men in every walk of life, an^ p-egnant, in form and temper, with a spirit which took hundreds of years to bring to anything like perfociion. The surface of things changed, but in the depths—sleeping, but not dead—j the old spirit watches and protects the i Christianity of England. There is much of | the antique spirit in the high oobilitv—the honour, nelf-respeet, truthfulness, ImneBty, and generosity of a chivalrous age. The people are, as a body, charitable, J!nrne*t, religious, and unconquerable in their porseverence. They 'ovo order and law; tney are honourable in their commercial transactions ; they are tbe most domestic pfople in the world, and possess m'anv beautiful natural virtues, which are elevated and rchin-d through thpse traditionary principles which, as a salt, Iteep the nation nound at heart, nnd help to maintain it vigorously Christian. Added to these virtues, there iH their deep lovo and reverence for the Word of God. By its tneans the'idea of the supernatural is kept from dying out, and the thought of the Almighty, His Providence, Christ's Atonement, His mercy, love, and grace become a precious heritage amongst the people. There the great moral virtues are found illustrated and enforced ; and so deeply is the Bible treasured that it ia looked upon by the masses as being as essential an element in the nation's greatness as the majeBty of the throne itself to its stability. " Thus, tho English people are profoundly impressed with tbe conviction that the notion's greatness and prestige spring from this principle of Christianity ; that its soundness of heart, its enterprise and its successes on a large ecaie, are due ill the ultimate analysis to tho fact that the broad foundations of the Empire are set in the maxiuiB of tho the Gospel, and the principles dictated by thelnspired Word. Almost as a consequence of this, the two leadiug traits of tho national character are honesty nud thoroughne ss ; and what Englishmen prize most for themselves nnd others is civil and religious liberty " Look at the'enndition of England at the present hour. Unity of Faith is gone. Its place is taken by 150 different sects. The nation must accept this state of things. Is it according to the national spirit to invent scheme for fusing all these religions into one? Such an idea is abhorrent from the national f6eling. It has nothing about h either of honesty or thoroughness ; it is more in conformity with a masked infidelity, and with a spirit of trifling with Divine things, and with God himself, from which an earnest religious mind spontaneously recoils. Englishmen being thorough themselves, like others to be thorough also. They iufinitely prefer an outspokeu, fearless enemy to one who cringeB. Though they may detest a man's cieed or method, they still more detest—they loath cowardice in him who has not courage to espress or maintain what in his heart he thinks to be the truth. Take the case of English Catholics in English society at home, In thorough English Protestant Society the way to gain influence and respect is to be thorough aiso. Cardinal Manning, having moved in both societies— in Catholic and Protestant—is able to give incontestable evidence upon this point. He, an Englishman, for half *f his life an Anglican, thoroughly conversant with English ways and views, in his ' Miseellauies'* writes as follows : 'English society, with all its vices,' he saye, * doeB after all represent the English character. There is something downright manly and decided in k ; and it respects the same, that is, its own, qnilities in others as it despises and ridicules, all servile or petty eagerness to court its favour. Downright masculine and decided Catholics more Koman than Roman, moreultramontane than the Pope hipjself— may enter English r society and be treated with goodwill and respect everywhere, if only they will hold their own with self-respect- and a delicate consideration of what is due to others. It is this very boldness which inspires both respect and confidence. It is the pledge of sincerity and sincerity is respected by everybody worthy of the name of Englishman. No greater blunder could be committed than to try to propitiate Englishmen or English society by a tame, diluted, timid, or worldly Catholicism. " Now how does all t his bear upon C'ttholic education? It bears upon it in tho directest manlier. Eor, if Englishmen love nothing better than honesty and thoroughness, even in the holding of n cread which they think a grand mistake they will bo consistent, e nd will love honesty and thoroughness in education. They will hold that, if there must be diversity of creed, at all events there should bo thoroughness andjlionesty in tbe holding to that diversity. The national honesty and thoroughness with them' is a potent element in national strength^ If a man be true to his God, there is a chance of Lis being true to his country. But-^ie who would barter away bis religion, or treat it lightly, would turn out a poor creature in the day of a nation's trial. Hence,-though he condemns Catholicity, an Englishman has no faith in a lukewarm Catholic, any more than be has in a timid soldier, lie says, in effect, 'Let the nation be brought up honest nnd thorough, and then we stand a chance of holding our own, and maintaining the prestige ot the Empire. Let the young, who will take our places when we are gone, be drilled into this great idea. Let all, of whatever creed, have equal chance in the race, and, whilst cach is earnestly and thoroughly trained in bis own relieion, let ail be equally assisted in tbe fitting of tbe mind for life's battle when it comes.' " What is the consequence of this masterprinciple which energises so strongly in a nation's life? It is this: that even that creed which the nation has rejected for 300 years receives equal treatment with the established creed in tho scheme of national Vol. I„ p. 02-6, education for tlie people. Eunluntl know* w«ll that a bad Catholic ia a dinner tr, tlie ."title, wliilst a thoroughly good one helps lowards tho national glory. Tl»;re are n > pampered ' Public echoolu,' setup for l lie benefit of a fraction of the people. Catholic schools and Protestant are on an equal footing with 'Public schools' in Great i Britain. All are treated oxaetly aliko on ' the principle of payment by results. Take (the report of Catholic schools in England, Wales, and Scotland for the year that has ] passed. "In the year ending 31st August; 1878, | there were actually inspected ill lingLand j and Wales 693 Catholic institutions, coni taiuing in them 1172 departments, in which separate ' teachers are employed—that is 215 of boys, 191 of girls, 30G of infants, 400 mixed. There was an average attendunce in these schools of 120,305, comprising 63,255 boys, 03.050 girls, divided as to tho teaching into 27,427 boys, or mixed, under masters ; 03,422 girls, or mixed, under mistresses; and 35,456 infants under mistresses, Tbe total of children on the school register, 191,341; the number attending half- time, 15,101. " The net amount paid to thp schools out of Parliamentary grant was £95,706 0s Cd, giving a rate of grant for each scholar in average attendance of 15s l-Jd. The grant during the pame time to the Church of England schools was 15s4J-d; to U'esloyn schools, 15s 7fd ; to British schools, 15s Gjd; to Schoolboard schools, 15s Id a scholar. " The claim of Catholic schools on tbe Parliamentary grant fell under seven heads: the first for average attendance, under which £37.901 12s 6d was claimed; the second for the attendance of infants, amounting to £15,716 8s Go'; the third is for examination in Standards, amounting to £28,915 12s 6d ; the fourth for examination in classes, amounting to £12 355 7s 7d ; tbe fifth for examination in special subjects, amounting to £178 18s; the Bixtb comprised special grants lo small scbools, and amounted to £23 6s 8d ; the seventh was thegrant to pu'jil-leachers of GOs to those who obtained tiie mark of Well, and of 40s to those who obtained the mark of Fairly. "The Government grants to Catholic training collegos for the year ending 31st December, 1878, were as follows:—To St Mary's, Hammersmith, £1738 12s Cd together with £26 10s, received from Science and Art Department, total £1705 2s 6d, the students in residence being 39; to the Trailing College of Notre Dame, Mount Pleasant, Liverpool, £2913, together with £52 from the Art Grant; total £2965, the BtudentB in residence being 114; to tbe Training College of tbe Sacred Heart, Wandsworth, £1667 17s 10d, the students in residence being 50. " Catholic night schools received a grant for the year ending 31st August, 187S, of £1643 Is 6d, being a rate per scholar in average attendance of 8s 6|d. " The whole grant for Catholic schools in England and Wales iu the year ending 31st December, 1878, was £109,495 9s 6d. " The grant to Catholic schools in Scotland for tbe same period was £19,370 8e 7d. The rate of grant for Scotland per scholar in average attendance was, in Catholic schools, 14s 6fd; in Church of Scotland schools, 16s ll£d ; in Free Church schools, 16a 5d.; in Episcopal Church reboots, 14s 7£d; in Public schools, 16s lOJd. " If we add together the whole grant to Catholic elementary schools and training colleges in England and AVales, which amounts to £109,495 9s 9d, and thai to Schools in Scotland, which amounts to £19,370 8s 7d, we obtain a collective grant lor Great Britain, in tbe year 1878, of £12S,865 18s 4d. " Was it out of love or tenderness to Catholiciiy, as euch, that the great statesmen of England framed such a system as this? and was it because they loved the Pope that the English people accepted it ? All. who have any knowledge of the national spirit aro well aware that, had there not been some Drofound reason connected with the national prosperity, t.he Catholic Church would have been ill-used in England, or a system would have been set on foot to tveaken the blood in Catholic veins, and melt the vigour of Catholic life out of the people. The creeds would have had to Bend their children to schools without religion, or so arranged that no decent man, with seli-respect,could teach religion in them. The creed schools would be treated with disfavour by tho Government or their officiuls ; thu State xchools would be as palaces through the land, with the best masters and appointments ; whilst those schools where the love and fear of God, and the great directive principles of religion, were hour by hour insisted on, would, on tbe principle of the decay of the weakest, dwindle gradually away, as a nation would be reared up with less uud less religion, nnd more and more of that pagan spirit which is, if history ever tHUght a lesson, the sure presage of moral effeminacy and national decay. Far-seeing English statesmen, possessing the characteristic of the raoe, resisted Ihie spirit of national apostasy, and respecting, aB gentlemen do, the conscientious convictions of the humblest, gave fair play to all, and COLciliated the love and affection of England's Catholic subjects. Thus the nation will continue to hold her own in the broad contests of international life.; her nerve and sinew will be tough, her heart sound ; and. the principles of her imperial . sway will still be founded in the depth of a Christian spirit. She, on broad, wide-reaching principles of statesmanship, maintains a system of education baBed on a principle that would satisfy the requirements of the Catholic Church. In resisting! ' Secularist Education," we are, in reality, resisting a principle of National overthrow; and by our rights BB Catholics we are doing untold service to the State. Here, interests are identical. Here, whilst we are holding, or struggling, for our own, we are laying lines of future proBDerity. We are tbe true friends of the people and of the country, for we found our own honour and greatness on our conscientious convictions regarding morality and faith; and let us do all that in us lies to make known to others who know tbem not, these great principles of religious liberty, religious thoroughness, and religious honesty," on which imperial England's greatness mainly rests. " Dearly beljved, lot us continue to press our claim to equality. We cannot, in conscience, send our children to ' Public schools.' We are bound in duty to bring them up thorough Catholics, not thorough Protestants, however exemplary ProteBiants may be. This is no cry started for a purpose. The whole Catholic world knows, and all intelligent Protestants know that, Catholics who hove any thoroughness in them cannot bring themselves to jeopardize tho future Catholicitv of tlmir children by j sending them to Public schools. Tbe Anglican Bishop o f Melbourne. Dr. Ai_oorhouse, a prelate of thorough English mind, recognizes the full force of the Church's teaching on this subject. He Bays: The Roman Catholics are asking from us nothing more than what the freest Governments iu the world have granted to them. In Prussia, in Baden, in our own colony of Canada, and wherever Roman Catholics and Protestants are largely intermingled in the population, the Government has recognized that ihc peculiar opinions of Roman Catholics have made separate schools for them necessary Tim conccssior of such schools is) inevitable. If not granted bv our sense of justice, it will sooner or latar be wrung from our political necessities ."* " Dearly beloved, we have the strongest faith in the sense of fair play in the minds of our fellow-colonists. We are convinced that, when they really grasp our case, they will be ready to give UB all we ask, Wo merely beseech those concerned so to arrange that a large section of the community, the Roman Catholics, some say one third of the population, may give their children a thorough, honest Catholic education, and receive for secular instruction, tested by Government inspectors, equal assistance with those who are satisfied with Public schools. "' Therefore, my beloved brethren, be steadfast and immovable : always abounding in the work of the Lurd, knowing that your labour iR not vain in the LorJ.'f ' For tho rest, brethren, rejoice, be ' perfect, take exhortation, be of one mind, have peace; and the God of peace and of love shall be with you . . . . The grnce of »ur Lord Jesus Christ, and tho charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost be , with you all. Ameu.'ij: " Given at Sydney, and appointed to be read in all churches aud chapels of the archdiocese of Sydney, on Sunday, August 24, 1S79. "Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan." " F ROGKB SEDE 