ROCKHAMPTON. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Last Monday being the "Grand Finale" of the bazaar in aid of the R. C. Church building fund, the attendance at the School of Arts quite eclipsed any previous assemblage ; during the afternoon trade was brisk, the fair stallkeepers were, if possible, more bewitching and made great havoc in the purses of visitors, and had Fortunatus himself been there (and a pity he was not, if in the humour to invest in the choice and costly articles displayed), his proverbial purse would have been considerably lighter on leaving. But in the evening the hall was literally swarmed with company of all ranks and denominations. The R. C. Temperance Society’s Fife and Drum Band, consisting of 36 per- formers, under the leadership of Mr. Charles O’Malley, a teacher in St. .Joseph's School, paraded the principal streets of the town, then adjourned to the festive scene in the hall and delighted the assemblage with numerous lively airs, marches, quadrilles, and overtures, capit ally rendered, reflecting great credit on the Rev. Dean Murlay for iniating it, Mr. O'Malley for his efforts to bring it to perfection, and on the performers themselves for the excellent, progress they have made since its formation under their leader's instructions. This hand is constituted of boys 9 to 12 years old, and was started some six or seven months ago. Late in the evening after even the allurements of the fair sex failed to decoy, the remaining articles were put up to auction and knocked down to the highest bidder by that energetic knight of the hammer. Mr. Cummins, whose facetious remarks and witty sallies caused the bidding to he exceedingly spirited- and so ended this monster bazaar, so successful in the object its promoters had in view, viz, a substantial pecuniary addition to the building fund. The total amount realised since the commencement amounts to about £700. The inhabitants of Rockhampton have re lapsed into the usual routine of every day life, but can look hack without regret at the late season of festivity and amusement, every enter tainment and pastime turned out so eminently successful and agreeable, that the most, fasti dious could not complain, or the veriest grum bler find fault with the hill of fare. The Tambaroora has established a "funk," and the A.S.N. and M.S.S. Companies have reduced their rates of freights same ten per cent. : but what hits nearer home and delights every pater familias of limited income, is the reduction in the price of bread. We have been paying the extortionate amount of 5d. per 2 lb. loaf. When lo, a “ pioneer ’ baker, Mr. Frank Shears, ap peared on the scene with “free trade and no monopoly" -4d. the 2lb. loaf. The “ Shylocks” of past years were aghast, but followed suit when placards of “ no puff', 3d. the 2lb. loaf appeared, emblazoned on the establishment in "William-street.” Heaven defend us from a sudden collapse of this friend in (k) nead. Some splendid oranges were lately purchased at Mr. W. H. Wright's, fruiterer, East-street, for exportation to Brisbane, weighing from 18. ozs. to 3 lbs., and were grown in Mrs. Thozet’s garden, at North Rockhampton. On Wednesday evening, a carter, named Edward Winter, well known in this locality, was found lying unconscious in his stable, and never spoke afterwards. It is presumed that he was kicked in the chest by one of his horses. The unfortunate man died the same night, and was buried on Thursday. We have latterly had a surfeit of entertain ments- dramatic, equestrian, and vocal ; and the dearth of amusement is now conspicuous. Clara Stephenson and some of her company fell out, and there was a split in the camp, public sympathy being with our old favourite, as was testified on the occasion of her benefit prior to her departure for the North. Mr. Dillon and Miss Pender with some of the “mutineers," in tend to open at the Theatre Royal on Monday. The circus has left, the Carandinis gone ; and this week the only “ghost” of an amusement has been to pay a shilling to see a lot of lunatics trying to balance themselves on four rollers, and cutting the most absurd antics up and down in every sense of the word, in the Odd-fellows’ Hall, and call it skating—such is the rink mania. That reminds me that Mr. A. F. Wood is sur veying the ground where'the reception house: now stands, and which will shortly he offered to the public at auction ; the inmates are to be trans ferred to the old gaol as soon as their quarters in the new are completed. A rink might he provided there with some advantage for the use of the idiots, and no one to see them make fools of themselves. Another of our oldest townsmen has joined the great majority. Mr. James Nankivell, who for many years, has carried on the business of a publican, succumbed to a dropsical complaint, from which he has suffered for a long period. He died at his residence, the Glasgow Arms, East-street, about four o’clock on Saturday afternoon. An accident occurred on the Central Railway on Saturday night which happily was not at tended with any loss of life. The down goods train left Emerald at the usual hour, 8.30 p.m., and about, midnight was descending an S curve eight miles beyond Dingo, and ninety-six from Rockhampton, when by some unaccountable means a saloon carriage containing Messrs. Anthony and Jobson and the guardsman got off the line, as the brakes were hard down and the train proceeding at a slow pace, Messrs. Anthony and Jobson jumped from the carriage followed by Cunningham the guard, and alighted without injury further than a few few bruises, very little damage being done to the carriage owing to countings breaking. On Thursday morning, about 11 a.m., an ex traordinary phenomenon was observed by the William-street school children and others, in the sky to the eastward over the Breaker part of Emu Park, Keppel Bay, and the Pilot Station were distinctly visible. The atmosphere was by no means clear, the day being dull and cloudy. The Yaralla which was to have left the A.S.N. Company's wharf at 10 a.m. on Friday fast for Port Mackay, had some difficulty in getting clear off, owing to the Leichhardt being close ahead and a stiff breeze blowing on to her starboard quarter, prevented her from backing out as was intended. During the manouvres her port, mainyard got under the Leichhart's topmast slay, carrying away a portion of the topmast a little above the lifts. After about an hour’s easy ahead and back her astern, she got chair and proceeded on her voyage. The weather is warm for the time, of year, and as we have plenty of grass and water, we ought to be satisfied. 