IPSWIOH. Mouday. A petition signod by forty of tho leading supporters of Mr. J. M. Thompson is to bo iorwardod to him at Sydnoy, asking him oithor to resign his B9at for Ipswioh or sit on the Opposition bonchcB in tho Hoase. Sydney, Juno 12. At a formal mooting of tho Bur to-day, at tho Supremo Court, the Attornny- Geuoral ex pressed doop rogrot at tho death of Mr Edward Butlor, a fooling which was cudorsod by his Honor Mr. Justioa Fuucott, ou behalf of tho bouch, A clock named .Honry L. Sootson was com mitted for trial to-day on a chargo of forging a olicquo iu tho naino of Mr. Moriarty, Chief Commissionor of Crown Lauds. Tho Agricultural Sooioty of New South Wales havo roooivod from tho Mikado an interesting collootiou of tho productions of Jnpaneso industry. Tho ship Samuel Flimsoll, from London, arrived to-day. Slio brings 507 immigrants for this oolony, but fevor having broken oat during tlio voyago, tho vossol and hor passou- gors havo boon plncod in quarantine. Messrs. Griffiths and Woavor report as fol lows . — 1399 oattlo ynrdod at Hnmobusii this week ; markot up 15s. por hoad; host beef fotohiug 15s, per hundred. There were 18,009 sheep, prices for which are unaltered ; 501b. wothors sold at 9s. to 9s. 6d. por hoad. Jnno 13. Thn TWnnrttivn Ommml had n Inner find earnest deliberation this morning aoncorning tho oondomnod criminals Motcalf and Wilkin son. Tho dooiBion will bo announcod ' in Fariia- mont this afternoon, and it is confiidontly expected that the death scntonoo will be commuted. Canon Smith, -who is attending the prisoners, sont a tologrnm to tho Executive (Jounoil llfis morning stating that tho prisoners wero trnly penitent, and had fully vindicated tho oharacter of tha nnfortunate girl who had been their viatim. Powor, a oook on board tho kotoh Lalla Bookh, has been found drowned, under circum stances whioh havo iuduood the authorities to arrest the mate of tho vossol npoa suspicion. A stonemason, together with his wife and family, havo boon arrostod, ohargod with having committed a series of robberies at Woolluhra. Tho tendor of Messrs, Hudson Bros., for the construction of tramway oars for tho Redfern lino, has boon accepted. a carter named licilly, whilo engaged in un loading rtoue at the Town Hall yesterday, was crushed tc doath betwoon two largo blooks whioh ho was handling, Mrs. Hauuah Halt, of Ohio, a member of tho Sooioty of Friends, arrived by tho San Franoisoo mail stoamor, and is about to hold meetings to expound tho viows of tho body to whioh aho bolongs. Arrived : Norman Court, Ann Duthic, and Sorapis, from London ; aud Fusilier, from Mauritius, with 598 tons of sugar. Later. In tho Lcgislativo Assombly, this , afternoon Sir Henry Parkes stated that the - Exeontive Conuoil, aftor fully considoriug tbo casa of tlio condomucd orimiuals, hnd decided that tha doath Bentouaa be oommutod to imprisonment for lifo. Ho stated that tbo earnest desire the criminals had shown to ostablish tha honour nnd virtuo of thoir lato viotim had influenced the Exeoutivo more than any other oirenm- stanoe iu thoir determination to extend the prorogativo of morcy to tbo wrctohed mon, Tho Legislative Assembly adjourned early to day utter reading the Temporary Judges Bill a third timo. Tbrco now morning papers are annouuood to appear in Sydnoy on July 1. Thoy are the Telegraph and Courier at Id and tho Advertiser at id. Mr. Augas Mnakay, of Sandhurst, is to bo manager of tbo Telegraph. A miner at Hill End died snddonly yester day ovening through inhaling tho fumes of dynamite loft by himself near a blast. A follow-workman suffered from tbo samo oauso, but has sinee recovered. Melbourne, Juno 12. Arraogoments aro being made by the railway department for tho purposo of adopting tho system of untooked doors on the Hobson's Bay lino bo soon ua it is taken into the hands of cho Govornmont. Tho oil lamps on the Gipps- land Railway are to bo suporsedod by gas. Satisfactory intelligence has beon rcoeived by tbo Australian und European Bauk from its country aud suburban bruuohos, and noarly all the depositors have consented to oontinue their business at tho bank, Tho Assooiatod Banks havo agreed to advance any Bum required by tho directors to onable them to mako a frosh start. It is generally uudorstood that spocio pay ments will bo resumed ou Monday. Mossrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. report as follows : — 1800 oattlo woro yarded yostor day ; prices about 10s. higher. Wo sold 200 bullooks from the Laehlan, wbioh averaged £6 5s. 3d. 11,000 sheep yarded ; tlioso woro sold at a slight roduetiou. The Kelly's. — The oorrospondent of the Courier Btatos that " tho brig Alexandra, whioh olenrcd for Nowcastlo on tho Gth instant, is found to havo takon four men who wore not on her papers. A suspioiou lias arisen that thoy belonged to tho Kolly gang, and a telegram has boon Bout to Nowoantle, advising tho polioo to board tho vessel upon her arrival there," Whon this bcoomos known, somo of tho sympa thisers may find tnuucis to board tho vosbsI beforo sho rcnohos Nowcastlo. It's not impos sible, The P/css is far too glib about tho movomeuta of tlio polioo in this, as weR as otlror matters. Theatre Royal.— Byron's mastorpiooo "Onr Girls," was playod in a .manner last night whioh kept the audionoa hot only in a high state of amusomont, bnt showed tho. stuff thoro waB in tho company. Wo havo seldom soon a comedy better, if indeed so woll, playod cithor on or off tho metropolitan boards. Miss Stephenson's Helen Gaythorno was doliolous— a finished porformanco; gen tool oomedy isoortsinly her forte. She always lights np the stago when she appears, and imparts a good deal of her spirit to hor nudionoo. Mies Patty Holt olalraed sooond plaoe in publio favor— sho was simply immense as Mrs. Gunn, and both lookod and noted the oliBraotor to porfeotion. Dr. Fleming in tho bandB of Mr. Hosford was a tolling part, and admirably acted; whilo Mr. Kennedy's Captain Gingor quito took tht honse ; he either made the part, or tho part mado him, bo muoh so that he was called before the curtain— a oomplimont ho fully merited. Such plays as " Our Girls," or entertainments of that sohool, would scouro to the management a suooession ot good housos— that is, onoo it booamo known tho oomodios woro tho order of tho day, or rather night. Poople go to laugh — not to ory ; but advioo is uovcr relished, and " everyone knows best." Wo seo " Our GiriB" is to be re peated to-night, and wo heartily recommend it to our readers as the best thing, noxt to " Our | Boys," of tho season. I The School of Arts.— Faust again drew a , capital house last night, and tho "Ghost" as . usual" Came liko shadows, so departs," to the loudly expressed astonishment of tho visitors, whoso ejaoulations of surprise at enoh super natural visitation wero ovoked unoonsoiously. Miss Roso seems to gain in publio estimation as a voontist, being vociforously onoored in every instanoo j whilo "Pat the Bailiff" enjoys a popularity whioh stands tho tost of timo, as his oxoentrioities are woloonied, every evening he appears, with as groat a sliowor of applaueo as whon ho struok his first Tipperary attitndo, and gavo us a touch of the brogno, The entertainment is exceedingly popular, and soems likoly to oontinue so. Tho snmo pro gramme will bo repeated to-night, Central Railway Extension. — For the in formation of tho meu on the railway lino, who havo been unemployed sinoo the oomplotion of tho lino to Emorald, wo aro authorised to state that work on tho now sootion of twenty-sevou milos— Emoruid toNogoa — will be oommeneod within a woek or so, as Mr. M'dhorry,. ono of tho contractors for tlio work, is now an the ground making tlio necessary preliminary arrangements boforo eominouoing work. Wo mako this announcement beoanso wo learn that many of the old hands on tho liuo, getting tired of tho delay, are thinking of clearing out. Ab, howovor, thoro will now bo little further dolay, it would bo unwiso on the part of tho men to loavo just ns tho work is about to bo oommonood. Temperance Meuting. — A publio tompor- nnco meeting, to which how . arrivals woro Bpeoially invitod, and a largo number of whom woro prouont, was held in the Primitive Metho dist Ohnroh, Fitzroy-street, laBt ovening, Mr, J. W. Powor wob oalled to the oliair, and in introducing tho business of the meeting, spoke from oxporienco of the groat advantages to bo derived from total abBtinonoe from intoxicating liqnors. Addresses to tho samo effeot were dolivorod suooessively by Mr. 4S tLouaorfiouj tfio xvovSy J Laqhoiodj J. Williams, and R. Hartley, and Mossrs- Layman and F. Hopkins. Tho Rev. Mr. Wil liams, daring tho oonrso of his address, mon- tionod that a meeting will bo held purposo of organising a Band of Hopo on Monday, tho 30th instaut, for the and Temperanco Association. Tho proceeding wore varied by the singing of several solcotions by somo of tho new arrivals. At tho olose of tbo meeting several of thoso prosont signod tho temperanoo plodgo; and we have no doubt that the ontoome of tho meeting, and of that to be held on tho 39th instant, will be. tho forma tion of a useful and effioiont tompornuoe organisation. Police Court. — Boforo his Worship the P.M. yesterday, two mon were plaaod in- the dock ohargod with boiug drunk, and were fined res pectively, 5s. or 24 hoars in tho look-up, and 19s. or 48 honrs. John Sharrooks aud John Wallace ware charged with being drunk and using obsoeno language, and woro fined for the first offence, 19s. or 48 hours ; aud for the sooond, 29s, or 7 days and 14 days imprison ment. Sontencos to bo concurrent if the fines were not paid. Tho man Wallaoo really de- Berved a houvior pnuishmont : ho was rolling about on Sunday afternoon, pretending to bo very drunk, ou the bunk of tho rivor, stuggor- iug against womou and ohildron, and other wise behaving in a most disguBting manner. When opposite to tho Union Bank ho noarly knookod down a gentleman and two ohildren, but, as ho did so, he happoued to oatoh sight of tho police; ho then became sober in double quiok, and made tracks ; but, as ho tumod.into Donham-stroot he made use of a raoBt filthy ex pression, by no means complimentary to the constables. They gvcohaso and aftor some littlo difficulty tn -iiiagcd to trip up and sooure thoir man, who whon lie f mud there was no esoapo for Him, cnvufi in and walked quietly to tho lock-up'. He was doult with moroifully for ho deserved a mouth at least for hiB bleak- guardly oonduot. ; The Immigrants.—1 There wore only throo en gagements mado at tho dopot yesterday, two single girls and 1 sioglo man ; there woro, however, several engagements mado outside We understand a few of tho new oomers intend taking their departure for Mary borough. A Patient for Wooqaroo. — Tho shrieks, .howle, imprecations, and obsoone utterances that havo beon poured every night for the last fortnight into tho unwilling ours of tho resi dents who livo in tho neighborhood of tho Reception House, by a femnlo innuiao, aro past desoription, The unfortunate woman keops up tho performance during the whole of the night, thumping the sides of hor oell with a 'force that resouudH far and near, offeotuolly depriving the people in hor vioinity of any chance of sleep, as sho keeps up the game till daylight. Tbo patient, who showB every sign of being in curable, should havo beon shipped to Woogaroo long ago. This soems to bo bo well known that it appears strango Dr. Salmond should not havo recognised the nooossity for removing hor: Tho oaso, from all wo oan learu, is a vory bad one, disclosing tbe worst symptoms of iuBanity, suoh as aro only fit to be treated in u properly organised and appointed asylum suoh as Woogaroo, and uot in suoh a miserable shod as our so-called Reoeption House, from whioh maniacs are constantly osoaping. We oau't seo how it is possible for the warder and matron to stand tho fearful wour aud toar they must bo snbjootod to night and day by this constant domand upon thoir attention, whioh prohibits auy olianoo of rest ; besides, how about tho othor patients? What rest do they got P Why, suoh nn iuuiato is onough to drive tho wholo of tho inmatos of tho Reoeption House all mad togothor. Tim Kino and Queen of Skates.— It novor rajps but it pqnrs, so says tho old provorb, nnd tho number of nmusomouts provided at the present timo for tho peoplo of Rookhnmpton is nn iostaneo to tho point. Miss Sthophenson'r theatrical company and Mr. Carlton's " ghost," In addition to occasional side entertainments, havo kopt tho town nlivo for somo weoks past, and wo havo now nmongBt us Mr. and Mrs. Taylor, tho- King nnd Quoou of Ska toe, who hnvo run tha gauntlet through England, Amorioa, nnd tho oolonias, nnd havo not only boon most enthusiastically received nnd., the . bigboBt oomplimontB paid to them by tho Press, but thoy oarry with thorn handsome nnd oostly presents made to them by their admirers in the various oitios and towns they havo visited. Mr. Taylor qombinos Ethiopian dolineator, banjoist, vooaiist, and dancer, .whilo ho iB pronounacd to bo the champion skater of tho world. His olub exoroiso is described as boing mors scientific than that of Oetowayo, nnd hourly bb " killing," whito ho is hung with medals like a successful prize winner at an exhibition. Mrs. Taylor, or " LilUo, is equally voroatilo and eqnally popular, as may be gathered by. tha following, whioh wo olip from a Now Zealand papar " Lillio and Mr. Taylor, the attraotion of tho oveoing, appeared on the floor aud wont through a series of fonts Whioh must bo witnessed to be oreditod. The enso and grsoo with wbioh thoy movo about is astonishing, and tboir stop dunoing and waltzing brought down rounds of applause. Mr. Taylor variod tiie ontortainmout with exhibitions of hiB skill and' dexterity with a pair of Iadinn clubs, whioli was also loudly applaudod." Wo see that Mr. and Mrs. Taylor will open at tho Oddfollows' Hall on tho 20th June, whon wo shall have an opportunity of judging whether thoy havo achieved greatness or whothor thoy havo had it thrust upon thorn. A Runaway.— Somo littlo sensation wus oreatod yesterday by a liorso with a " parool delivery" ourt at his tail tearing along East- street at full speed without a drivor. Tho brute turned into Dcnham-streot, shot round tho corner into Quny-stroot, down tho outting past tho A.S.N. Co.'s wharves, and nftor colliding slightly with a dray without damage, was ovontually pullod up without any damngo boing done. Tho ownor of the horso, or rather mare, it appears, had givou hor a food of aorn in tho yard attaohod to Mossrs. Aoheson nnd Allen's stores, and was abont looking tho wheel of tho cart whon tlio foal balonging to tho mnro npsot tho box containing the corn, whioh so frightened the motlior that sho mado a bolt — houco tlio 8onsation without an accidont. The Baker's Loaf. — Wo aro glad to boo that' owing to tho low prioo of flour ruling in tho market, Mr. Bartlom, bnker, in East-strcot, lias roduaod tho two pound loaf from l.)d. to 4d., and no doubt his oxamplo will bo followed. It ia to bo hoped that tho butoliers will follow suit with thoir meat, sooing that oattlo tiro littlo moro tlinu half tho prioo thoy woro last year, aud a drug at that. . Comet and Emerald.— Wo undorBtaad that 'Mossrs. Fox nnd Tagg havo aompleted their arrangements both at tho Comet and Emerald nnd that thoy nro now fully pre pared to oarry out tho programme, contained iu the oircular whioh thoy issued somo Bhort timo sinco. Tho sheds oroctod at both town, ships are largo and commodious, and oqaal to all requirements. Goods of ovory description will bo rocoived froo of oxponso to tho squatter and up oonntry morehants, whilo tho interests of all will bo oarofully wntohod by Mr. Tagg, who has undertaken tho maoagomout of tho up country businoSB of tho firm. 