LAW JLND ORIMmAL COURTS. LOCAL COURTS. ADEtAIDI : TSVUSDh.1, JAOTABY 9. [Before Messrs. H. E. Downer, S.M., T. S. Reed, J.P,- and E. G. Moore, MJX, J J.] JTIX JTRISDICTION. Stodaeb & FAJKCLoraH' v. Smith and Stewaet.— Mr. Pater for plaintiffs; Mr. Stewart for defendants. Ninety pounds, damages for breach of contract to convey plaintiffs and the members and plant of the Ghost Illusion Combination Variety Company Irom Beechport to Robe, on November 21: whereby they lost the steamer from Robe to Adelaide, ana were forced to remain at Beech port ten days, and suffered great loss. Also £10 for money due in respect of the farea for the conveyance of the company from Beech port to Robe on November 21 paid by plaintiffs to defendants. The defendants were mail coach proprietors on the line from Mount Gambier to Robe, and the plaintiffs with all their parapher nalia of the company were on their way from Millicent to Rofee. At Beachport they engaged a coach to take them on to Robe, and the agent of the defendants contracted by issuing printed tickets for £10 which the plaintiffs paid to him to convey the company to Robe, whence the steamer was to sail for Adelaide on the following day. Yet when plaintiff Stodare had entered the coach, the driver refused to proceed until a sum of £3, which was owing by the plaintiffs to the defendants for carriage from Millicent to Beach port, was paid. Stodare had previously offered his cheque in payment of the debt, but it was not accepted. The agent at Beachport was instructed by the defendants not to convey the plaintiffs until the £3 was paid in cash. There, waa no telegraphic communication between Beachport and Robe, and the plaintiffs were at the mercy of the defendants. Defendants pleaded that it was a condition of the contract that the £3 should first be paid, and that sufficient notice was to be given to enable tbe defendants to provide an additional coach, and that notice was not given. The Bench held that the defendants could not go behind their contract tickets and say they were issued on the above mentioned condition. A verdict was given for £27, the costs to be taxed on the higher scale by consent. L. T. Carthb v. J. Wake. — Mr. A. G. Downer for plaintiff ; Mr. Bakewell for defendant. £24 10s., work and labour done per agreement in modelling, cutting, and making a centrepiece for a ceiling from a drawing supplied by Mr. Bees, M.P., architect. Defendant pleaded no in debtedness and contended that the work was not according to plan, particularly as to ventila tion. Judgment for £20. BLACKKBT&CO.; V. ADEI.AIDB StSAMTCG COM PAirr. — Mr. Nicholson for plaintiffs; Mr. Wallace for defendants. £21 6s. 2d. loss occasioned in the transhipment of one trunk of shoes from the ajs. JOuzco to Jthe tug Eleanor in November, 1877\. D. ana J. Fowler were both the con signors and consignees, but the plaintiffs were the vendees «f the goods. The goods were put on board the Eleanor, and were subsequently lost. The weather was rough, and the packages were not lashed. In a day or two afterwards the trunk was washed up inshore. For the defence Captain C. aigie and Captain Jone« gave evidence that the weather was not stormy and there was no necessity to lash the cargo, and if the trunk was put on board the tug they did not see it ; it could not haxe been lost except it was abso lutely thrown overboard. It was also shown that the Tug Company transhipped the goods under instructions from Stilling & Co., the agents of the Cuzco. Xo tally was kept by the officers of the Eleanor. Judgment for the amount. T. L. Cottehix v. R. Bbowhhtt.— Mr. Fenn for plaintiff ; Mr. Wadey for defendant. £o9, wrongful conversion of a buggy. Plaintiff let a new buggy to Dr. Dashvrood, of Kooringa, whose proptrty it was to become if he paid in rent £100— £20 for the first three months, and £7 10b. per month afterwards. £35 was paid up when the defendant seized the buggy and sold it under an execution. Defendant pleaded that he was instructed to sell it by the doctor, to whom he handed tbe proceeds. Judgment for plaintiff for £35 10s. T. Wescohbb ahd Wira v. B. Harris and With. — Mr. W. 'V. Smith tor plaintiffs ; Mr. A. G. Downer for defendants. £100, slander. The parties were market gardeners, and the female defendant on the night of December 9 uttered a slanderous statement in tbe presence of other persona concerning the chastity of the female plaintiff. Verdict for £5. The Court at this stage adjourned till the following day. 