THE NOVELIST. THE CLOVEN FOOT. BY THE AUTHOR OE " LADY AUDLEY*B SECRET," ¿c., &c.; [The solo right of publication of J« Tho Cloven Foot"hos boon pnrohased hy tho proprietors of this journal from ouss Braddon."] CHAPTER XXX.-(CONTINUED.) " There are ghosts not easily laid," return Gerard. " I should think the ghost of a murder wife -was one of them." " Edward Claro is no friend to me," pursu Treverton, hardly heariug Gerard's remark. " 1 will make tho most malicious use of this knowled that he can. Ho will tell my wife." " Might ho not do something worse than that "What?" " What if ho were to tell tho police wlw Chicot, tho wife murderer, io to ho found." " My God," cried Treverton, turning upon t Bpeaker with a look of infinite horror. " You not think me that." " Unhappily I do." " On what grounds ?" "First, on tho strength of your cowardly co ' duct that night. Why should you shirk the i sponsihility of your position if you were not guilt; Your flight was damning evidence against yo Surely you must havo known that when you fled "I ought to have known it, perhaps; but thought of nothing except how best and quicke to escapo from the entanglement that had be( the bane and blight of my manhood. My wife w¡ : dead. Those glassy eyes, with their awful look horror-that marble hand-told, me that life hs boon gone for hours. What could I do by remaii ing ? Attend an inquest at which the story of n life would be ripped up for the delight of evei gossipmonger in the kingdom, until I, John Tr ? verton, aZias Chicot, stood face to faoe with ti . world, so tainted and infected that no innocei woman could own mo as her husband P What goc to me, to that poor dead woman, or to socioty i . largo, could have come of my cross-examination s the inquest?" "This much good, at least : your innocence you are innocent-might have bean made man fest. As it is, the inferences ure all in favour < your guilt." " How could I have proved my innocenoe ? could have offered no stronger proof at the inque* than I offer you now-my own word-the word c a man who at his worst never stooped to dishc nour. I tell you face to face, as man to man, tha I never lifted my hand against my wife ; nevei even when words wera bitter between us, and o late we had many bitter words. I tried, honestly to .save her from her own weakness. The day hai been when I was.-fond of her in a reckless way never looking forward to the future, or thinkinj what kind of a couple she and I would bewhej age had sobered us, and life had grown real an serious. No, Mr. Gerard, I am not a cruel man and though, the fetters hung heavy upon me should never have striven to set myself fre« When I saw those people-Desrolles and the tw women, standing round me that night, it flashed upon me all at once that in their eyeB I migh look like a murderer. And then I foresaw suspi cion, difficulties of all kinds, and above all tha: which I most dreaded, a hideous notoriety. If j] . stayed all this was inevitable. I might eseapc everything if I could get away. At that moment I considered only my own interest. I saw as it were a gate standing open leading into a »aw , world. Was I very much to blame if. I .took ad ,v vantage of my chance, and left my old life behind me?" "No man can leave his past lifo behind him," 1 answered Gerard. " Well, if you are innocent; I am sorry for you, as I should be sorry for any in: nocent man who had so acted as to Beom guilty. I am still more sorry for your wife." " Yes, you have need to be sorry for her," said Treverton, with a quiet anguish that teuched even , the man who thought him guilty, " God help her, poor girl. We have been very happy together, but if Edward Clare holds our happiness in his hand our peacf ul days are at an end." They were at the Manor House gate by tills time, and here they stopped and waited in silence for the others to join them. Celia and Laura had. been talking togethor merrily, while Edward ' walked beside them, silent and thoughtful. John Treverton shook hands with Celia, but he only gave Edward a curt nod of adieu. " Good morning, Mr. Gerard," he said, with oold courtesy. «' Come, Laura, if Celia has made up her mind to go home to luncheon we mustn't detain her." , ."Duty prevails over inclination," said Celia, laughingly, "If I were to come to the Manor " House I should forget my Sunday school work. From 3 to 4 o'clock I have to give my mind to Scripture history. How dreadfully absorbed you , look, Mr. Gerard," she exclaimed, struck by the sur geon's thoughtful aspect. " Have you any serious case in London that is preying on your mind ?" " I have plenty of serious cases, Miss Clare ; but I was not thinking of them just then," he an swered, smiling at her piquant little face, turned to him interrogatively. "My patients are mostly sufforers from an incurable malady." "Good gracious, poor things. Is it an epide mic?" f "No, a chronic disorder-poverty." " Oh, poor souls, then Fm sure I pity them. I've boen subject to occasional attacks towards the end of the quarter all my life." . _ They are walking home by this time, Edward in the rear. ""Now, do you seriously think, Miss Clare, that a young lady, living in her father's house, with every want provided for, can know the meaning of tho word poverty ?" " Certainly I do, Mr. Gerard. But I must tell you that, you start upon false premises. Young ladies living in their father's house have not always every want provided for. I have known what it is to be desperately in want of six-button gloves and not to be able to get them." "You have never known what it is to want bread." "I'm not particularly fond of bread," said Ce "but I haye often had to complain of tho disgi ing staleness of the loaf they give us atluncheo " Ah, Miss Clara, when I was a student at Mi schal College, Aberdeen, I have seen many ayot fellow walking the street in his scarlet go1 gaunt and hungry- eyed, to whom a munch of y stale loaf would have been a luxury. Whei Scotch parson sends his son to tho University h not always able to give him the price ot a di dinner. Well for him if he can be suro of a bi of porridge for his breakfast and supper." "Poor dear creatures," cried Celia. "3 afraid Edward spends as much money on gio and cigars as would keep an economical yob man at tho University-but then ho is a poet." " Is a poet necessarily a speudthrif t ?" " Upon my word, I don't know, but they se generally given that way, don't they ? One c hardly expect them to be very careful abi pounds, shillings, and ponce. Their heads are the clouds, and they have no eyes for the sm transactions of daily life." After this they walked on for a littlo while silence, George Gerard thoughtfully contemplât: of tho fair young face, with its mignon prettin and frivolous expression. " It would be a misfortune, as well as a folly, : a man of my stamp to admire such a girl as th» he told himself; " but I may allow myself to amused by her." ' A minuto afterwards Edward Clare came up I him and took him by the arm. I "Well," he said, "what passed between j and Treverton ?" " A good deal, yet it amounts to very littlo. am sorry for him." "Then you do not believe that he killed 1 wife?" " I don't know. It is a profound mystery, should advise you to let things take' their oi course. What good will it do for you to make tli poor young wife miserable? If he is guill punishment will como sooner or later. If he is i nocent, it would bo a hard tiling for you to pros out« him." "What, doyou suppose I am such a milksop to let him go on his way unquestioned t I, w! have loved Laura, and lost her? Supposo hi even innocent of the murder-which ia much mc than I am ready to believe-he is guilty of a om fraud upon his present wife, of an impudent frai upon the trustées to Jasper Treverton'B estate, whom my father is one. He has no more right yonder Manor House than I have. His marri*] with Laura Malcolm is no marriage. Am I hold mv rjoace, knowing all this ?" "To reveal what you Know will be to break Mi Treverton's heart, and to reduce her to beggar Hardly the act of a friend." " I may give her pain, but I shall not red»< her to beggary. She has a small income of h< own." "And the Manor House estate will be devote to the creation of a hospital." " Those are the conditions of Jasper Treverton will." "As a professional man I am bound to rejoici but as a mere ¡human being I can't help feelin sorry for Mrs. Treverton. She seems devoted i her husband." ' ! " Tes," answered Edward, " he haa oontrived i hoodwink her; but perhaps when she knows tha John Treverton is Jack Chicot,'the ballet-danoer^ husband, she will be disenchanted." Gerard made no reply. He began to understaa that personal malignity was the ; mainspring c Edward's desire to lot in the light upon Joh] Trevertonfs seeret. He was almost sorry that h had lent his aid to the discovery, yet he ha« ardently desired that justice Bhuold be done upoi La Chicot's murderer. It waa only since his recent conversation with John Treverton that hi opinion as to the husband's guilt had begun t¡ waver. ' He was haunted all the rest of the day by un comfortable thoughts about the master o Hazelhurst Manor and his fair young wife thoughts so uncomfortable as to prevent hil enjoyment of Celia's lively company, which ha< all the, charm of novelty to a man whoso youth had not been brightened by girlish society, ane whose way of life had been dull and hard, and laborious. He was to go back to London nex morning by the first train, and although the Vicar pressed him to remain, and even Celia pu in a kindly word, he stuck to his intention. " My practice is not of a kind that will bea: being trifled with," he said, ; when he thankee Mr. Clare for his proffered 'hospitality. "Th< few remunerative patients I have would be quick to take offence if they fancied I neglected them." "But you give yourself a holiday sometimes I suppose," said Mrs. Clare, whose large maternai heart had a kindly feeling for all young mer because her son belonged to that section ol society. " You go to stay with your relations, now and then, don't you ? " "No,my dear Mrs. Clare,I do not and for the best of all reasons, I have no relations. ] am the last twig of a withered tree." " How sad," replied the Vicar's wife. _ Celia echoed the sigh, and looked compas sionately at the surgeon, and compassion in Celia's blue eyes was a sentiment no man could afford to despise. "If you will let nie come again some day when I have made a little progress in my pro fession you will be giving me something plea sant to look forward te," said Gerard. "My dear fellow we shall always be glad to see you," the Vicar answered, heartily. "It strikes mo you are the kind of friend my son wants." 