Theatrical Make-shifts and Blunders. I It is a generally received opinion that all stage ward- i robes are made up* of tawdry rags, and that the landscapes and palaces that look so charming by gaslight are but mere daubs by day. But there are wardrobes and wardrobes, scenery and scenery. The dresses used for _ some great ' get up ' at the Opera-houses, or at the principal London and provincial theatres, are costly and magnificent; the scenery, although painted for distance and artificial light, is really the product of artists of talent, and there is an attention to reality in all the adjuncts that would quite startle the believers in the tinsel and tawdry view. A millionaire might take a lesson from the stage drawing rooms of the Prince of Wales and th.e Court Theatres, and no cost is spared to procure the real article, whatever it may be, that is required for the scene. These minutae of real ism, however, are quite a modern idea, dating no farther back than the days of Boucicault and Fechter. Splendid scenery and gorgeous dresses for the legitimate drama were introduced by John Kemble, and developed to the utmost extent by Macready and Kean ; but it was reserved for the present decade to lavish the same attention and expenses upon the petite drama. Half a ccntury ago the property maker manufactured the 6tage furniture, the stage books, the candelabra, curtains, cloths, pictures. &c.;, out of papier mache and tinsel ; and the drawing-room or library of a gentleman's mansion thus presented bore as touch resem blance to the reality as sea side furnished lodgings do to a ducal palace. Before the Kemble time a green baize, a couple of chairs and a table, sufficed for all furnishing pur poses, whether for an inn or a palace. In these days of ' theatrical upholstery,' we'ean Fcarcely realize the shabbiness of the stage of the last century. There were a few handsome suits for the principal actors, but tho less important ones were frequently dressed in cos tumes'that had done service for fifty years, until they were worn threadbare and frequently in rags. Endeavour to realize upon the modern, stage such a picture as this given by Tate Wilkinson, of liis appearance at Covent Garden as the Fine Gentleman in '' Lethe.' ' A very short old suit of clothes, with a black velvet ground, and broad gold flowers as dingy as. the twenty-four letters on a piece of gingerbread ; it had not seen the light since the first year Garrick played Lothario at the theatre. Bedecked in that sable array for the modern ' Fine Gentle man,' and to make the appearance complete, I added an old red surtout, trimmed with a dingy white fur, and a deep skinned cape of the sarne hue, borrowed by old Giffard, I was informed, at Lincoln's Inn Fields Theatre, to play ' King Lear ' in.' When West Digges appeared at the Haymarket as Cardinal. Wolsey, it was in the identical dress that Barton Booth had wornin Queen Anne's time : a close fitting habit of gilt lftather upon a black ground, black stockings and black gauntlets. No wonder Foote, who was in the pit, exclaimed, upon the appearance of this extraordi nary figure, ' A Roman sweep on Map-day ! ' When Quin played the youthful fascinating Chamont, in Otway's ' Orphan,' he wore a long grisly half -powdered periwig, hanging low down each side his breast and down his back, a huge scarlet coat and waistcoat, heavily trimmed with gold, black velvet breeches, black silk neckcloth, black stockings a pair of square-toed shoes, with an old-fashioned pair of stone buckles, stiff high- topped white gloves, with a broad old scolloped lace hat. Such a costume upon a personage not in his first youth, and more than inclined to obesity, much have had an odd effect. But then, as is well-known, Garrick played ' Macbeth ' in a scarlet coat and powdered wig ; John Kemble performed ' Othello 'in a full suit of British scarlet regimentals, and even when he had gone so far as to dress 'Macbeth' as a highlanderof 1745, wore in his bonnet a tremendous hearse plume, until Scot plucked it out, and placed an eagle's feather there in its stead. The costumes of the ladies were almost more absurd. Whether they appeared as Romans, Greeks, or females of the Middle Ages, they dressed the same — in the huge hoop, and powdered hair raised high upon the head, heavy brocaded robes that required two pages to hold up, without whose assistance they could scarcely have moved ; and servants were dressed quite as magnificently as their mistresses. In scenery mere was no attempt at ' sets ; ' a drop, and a pair of 'flats' dusty and dim with age, were all the scenic accessories ; ana two or three hoops of tallow candles, suspended above the stage, were all that represented the blaze of gas and lime-light to which we are accustomed. The candle-snuffer was a theatrical post of some responsi bility in those days. Garrick was the first who used con cealed lights. The uncouth appearance of the stage was rendered still worse on crowded nights by ranges of seats raised for spectators on each side. The most ridiculous contretemps frequently resulted from this incongruity. Romeo, sometimes, when he bore out the body of Juliet from the solitary tomb of the Capulets, had to almost force his way through a throng of beaux, and Macbeth and his lady plotted the murder of Duncan amidst a throng of people. One night, Hamlet, upon tho appearance of the Ghost, threw off his hat, as usual, preparatory to the address, when a kind-hearted dame, who had heard him just before complain of its being 'very cold,' picked it up and good naturedly clapped it upon his head again. A similar inci dent once happened during the performance of ' Pizarro.' Elvira is discovered asleep upon a couch, gracefully covered by a rich velvet cloak ; Valverde enters, kneels, and kisses lier hand ; Elvira awakes, rises and lets fall the covering, and is about to indignantly repulse her unwelcome visitor, when a timid female voice says : ' Please, ma'am, you've dropped your mantle,' and a timid hand is trying to replace it upon the tragedy queen's shoulders. Of another kind, but very much worse, was an accident that befell Mrs. Siddons, at Edinburgh, at the hands of another person who failed to distinguish between the real person and the counterfeit. Just before going on for the sleep-walking scene, she had sent a boy for some porter, but the cue for her entrance was given before he returned. The house was awed into shud dering silence as, in a terrible whisper, she uttered the words, 'Out, out, damned spot ! ' ' and with slow mechanical action rubbed the guilty hands; when suddenly there emerged from the wings a small figure holding out a pewter pot, and a shrill voice broke the awful silence with ' Here's your porter, mum.' Imagine the feelings of the stately Siddons ! The story is very funny to read, but depend upon it the incident gave her the most cruel anguish. It is not, however, to the uninitiated outsider? alone wo are indebted for ludicruous stage contretemps ; the experts themselves have frequently given rise to them. All readers of ' Elia' will remember the name of Bensley, one of ' the old actors' upon whom he discourses so eloquently— a grave, precise man, whose composure no accident could ruffle, as the following anecdote will prove. One night, as he was making his first entrance as Richard III., at the Dublin Theatre, his wig caught upon a nail in the side scene, and was dragged off. Catching his hat by the feather, however, he calmly replaced it as he walked to the centre of the stage, but left his hair still attached to the nail. Quite unmoved by the occurrence, he commenced his soliloquy ; but so rich a subject could not escape the wit of an Irish audience. 'Bensley, darlin',' shouted a voice from the gallery, ' put on your jaisey ! ' ' Bad luck to your politics, will you suffer a whig to be hung p ' shouted another. But the tragedian, deaf to all clamour, never faltered, never betrayed tho least annoyance, spoke the speech to the end, stalked to the wing, detached the wig* from the nail, and made his exit with it in his hand. Novices under the influence of stage fright will say and do the most extraordinary things. Some years ago I witnessed a laughable incident during the performance of ' Hamlet ' at a theatre in the north. Although a very small part, consisting as it does of only one speech, the ' Second Actor ' is a very difficult one, the language being peuuuariy crampea. in tne play scene ne assassinates the player king by pouring poison into his ear. The speech preceding the action is as follows : — Thoughts black, hands apt, drugs fit, and time agreeing ; Confederate season, else no creature see mS! Thou mixture rank, of midnight weeds collected, With Hecate's ban thrice blasted, thrice infected, Thy natural magic and dire property On wholesome life usurp immediately. Upon which follows the stage di rection — ' Pours poison into his ear.' In a play of so many characters as Mamlet, such a par t, in a second-class theatre, can be given only to a very inferior performer. The one to whom it was entrusted on the present occasion was a novice. Muffled in a black coat and. a black slouched hat, and with a , ace half hidden by burnt cork, he looked a most villainous villain, as he stole on and gazed about in the most approved melodramatic fashion. Then lie began, m a strong north country brogue,— ' Thoughts black, hands apt,-— then his memory failed him, and he stuck fast. The prompter whispered 'drugs fit;' but stage fright had siezed him, and he could not take the word. He tried back, but stuck again at the same place. Half-a-dozen people were all prompting him at the same time now, but all in vain. At length one more practical than the rest whispered angrily, 'Pour the poison m his ear and get off.' The sugges tion restored a glimmering of reason to the trembling perspiring wretch. He amid not remember the words of Shakespeare, so he improvised a line. Advancing to the sleeping figure, he raised the vial in his hand, and in a terribly tragic tone shouted, ' Into Mb ear-hole this I'll power ! ' Some extraordinaiy and agonising mistakes, for tragedians, have been made in what are called the flviner messages in 'Richard III.' and ' Macbeth,' by novices in their nervousness mixing up their own parts, with the context ; as when Catesby rushed on and cried, ' My lord, the Duke of Bucking ham's taken.' There he should have stopped while Richard replied, ' Off with his head ! so much for Buck ingham ! ' But in his flurry the shaVing messenger added, ' and they've cut off his head ! ' With a furious look at having been robbed of one of his finest 'points,' the tragedian roared out, ' Then damn you, go and stick it on again ! ' Another story is told of an actor playing one of . the officers in the fifth act of ' Macbeth.' ' My lord,' he has to say, 'there are ten thousand ? ' ' Geese, villain,' interrupts Macbeth. ' Ye — es, my lord ! ' answered the messenger, losing his memory in his terror. But a far more dreadful anecdote is related of the same play. A star was playing the guilty Thane in a very small company, where each member bad to sustain three or four different character!. During the performance the man ppointed to play the first murderer was taken ill. There was not another to be spared, andthe only resource left was to send on a supernumerary, supposed to be intelligent, to stand for the character. ' Keep close to the wing,' said the prompter ; ' I'll read you the words, and you can repeat them after me.' The scene was the banquet; the super was pushed on, and Macbeth, striding down the stage, seized his arm and said in a stage whisper, ' There's blood upon thy face.' ' 'Ti? Banquo's, then,' was the prompt. Lost and bewildered — having never spoken in his life before upon the stage, — by tlie tragedian's intense yet natural tones, the fellow, imitating them in the most confidential manner, answered, ' Is there, by God?' put his hand up to his forehead, and finding it stained with ro'se-pink, added, ' Then the property man's served me a trick.' {To be continued.) j 