CALIFORNIA AND THE CaLI FORNIANS. No. m.— Thb 'Hbaihbn Cbjtxkr.' There is a Me noire in California, and John Chinaman is the black bogey. Never did ghost, bobgobliB, or other kindred spirit haunt a land with tbe same ubiquitous persistency as does ifuuu buio gocueu ui me xaciuc coast. urO where you will he appears to rise as it were from the ground like a grim spe:tre, and no matter whether he be attired in European costume or in the primitive garb of his celestial home the sleek yellow figure of this meek dreamy pigan of the Orient forms at all times a striking fgure in the Californian landscape. You can not mistake him even if you behold him a mile away, for he has a peculiar stealthy cat-like gait of his own, while his Mongolian physiognomy and quaint Eastern look make him stand out in conspicuousrelief amongst all otber races of men. Travel to the north, to the south, to the east, or to tbe west, and you will always fall across him, and in snch out-of-the-way places too that as with the fly in amber you will be apt to wonder ' how the devil he got there.' You will meet him in every town, and you will find him located in every settlement. You will seehim in the valley tilling the soil, reaping the golden harvest on tbe plain, working on a railroad embankment, and acting iu tbe capacity of head cook and bottle washer on the cattle ranch. You will meet him on rock-bound solitudes turning over the beds of ancient river*, burrowing; like a mole in deserted mining camps, grabbing amidst the big boulders of gulch and can-In, and he will even startle you by his preteooe in the heart of the primeval forest, or on the top of the lonely mountain, always patient, persever ing, and industrious, to a degree. He makes his borne wherever it suits bis purpose, and ho long as dollars are to be had he will not hesitate to push out to the furthest settlement or to take up his abode in the most desolate wilder ness. Ever calm amidst all tbe bustle around him, toiling from daylight till dark, living a life of abstemiousness, and fattening upon a daily ration on which a European would starve, he plods on uuceasingly, and by steady per sistent toil conquers slowly but sorely in his meek and submissive way. No hardship has been too great for the ' Heathen Chinee' here, and gradually in the most unmistakable style he has overcome every obstacle placed in his path. Looked uponjat first in the light of an outcast, he bas by his own innale ahrewdnets e'early proved his woith in the greit struggle for exis tei c?, «nd having attained to the position of a useful u ember of eoc:ety in bis new home he has »t the same time become a very influeatial factor in the Stite. When walking along tbe principal streets of Sao Francisco you may jump at a single bound as it were f.om tie gay attractions of the American city into the midst of a curious Eastern life. The Chinese quarter is formed of a l»bj rinth of streets and alleys in the very heirt of tie busiest part of the towu, and the sudden transition from the one quarter to the other forms a strange and striking contrast between the manners, habits, and customs of the white and the jellow races. Here John dwells in stolid contentment, his mode of life being precitely similar to th*t followed in his own country, only that he is better housed, better fed, is a richer mac, and enjoys more liberty than be ever experienced before. He appears, in short, perfectly satisfied with his new home, works in his customary steady, persistent, and industrious way, and takes his pleasure with the same sluggish decorum that characterizes mo»t of his movements. It is at the busiest time of day that I make my way into tbe Celestial settlement, and the narrow streets are crowded with Chinamen of all ages, and while some are habited in European costume with their pigtails twisted neatly under tbeir billy cock hat*, the majority are in their quaint native dress. Most of the chops are fitted np in the Oriental style, with big signboards painted in Chinese characters, and gaudy lantern § dependibg from the roofs. In most instances, too, the articles exposed for sale are of native manufacture, and it m»y be ceen at a glance that with very few exceptions all the edibles come from Chin*, for there are bags of rice, chests of tea, dried cars-backed ducks, dried fish, pre ferred ginger, 'chow chow' made from the young bamboo, all kinds of candied fruits. sslUti cabbage, pickled eggs, desiccated vegetabler, prepared seaweed, birds' nests, »batk»' fins, and a thousand other delicacies which go to make up tbe Celestial bill of fare. There are Chinese hongt aW filled with the most cosily products from th* Empire, aud jos* emjile*, eatin£-hou*e», te«-«li^-«, gambling »alo.'ns, and opium dens without 1 umber. But what strike 1 tie stranger, perhaps, more than anything else is the number of European manu factures carried on here exclusively by Chinese — some in well-appointed fhops, others in ti-p rooms, and some in cellar* so dark and so dis mal that it would appear almost impossible for human being* to dwell in them. Here in a narrow lace where the snn'ight scarcely pene trates, I euter a factory for the manufacture of cigars, and the whole process is being carried on by about 100 Chinamen, who are busily working at long wooden tables. All are seated i big pile} of tobacco leaf are distributed between them ; and while one damp3 the leaf another smooths it out perfectly flat, a third cat* it into the necessary lengths, a fourth rolls it into the required form, a fifth shapes the end which you. put into your mouth by rubbing a quantity of dirty-looking paste over it with his grimy fingers, while a sixth classifies each cigar as it b manufactured. Each nun appears a perfect adept in his particular branch— goes about his work in deep silence, and with a methodical quickness and skill truly wonderful. In this way thousands of cigars are turned ont in a day, and at an incredibly cheap rate, some beiDg sold as low as four a penny. I don't know whether the tobacco from which these latter are made is tbe true Virginia, but I am inclined to believe that old cigar-ends picked up oat of the streets enter largely into tbe osmpo sition of these two and a halt cent, whiffs. Any way, all from the dearest to the cheapest find a ready sale, and I have no doubt that eich class has its special patrons and its fatre for its peculiar goal. Above this, bat in the same building, is a clothing establishment, where dozens of Chinese tailors, some working at sewing- machines, others squatting upon their hams in the most approved fashion, are making all kinds of European clothes according to the most fashionable cuts. Here yon can order ? suit, choose your stuff and have it sent home to you as well made and neatly got up as if pur chased at the best tailors in tbe State, and at least two-thirds cheaper than you could obtain it in any other place. On the opposite side of tbe way is an extensive boot factory carried on entirely by Chinese, and they will take a con tract to supply a thousand pairs a day, or they will take your measure for the most delicate pair of patent leathers or for the heaviest pair of iron-tipped hobnailed bluchers you may like to order. Hats, caps, underclothing of all descriptions, and a thousand other necessary articles of everyday life are produced wholesale in 'Chinatown,' besides immense quantities of household furniture of the most beautiful design. In fact, many of the most richly f ur- niened salons of Ban trancisco owe tneir attractiveness to the skill of the Chinese, who carve, polish, and decorate the fur niture they manufacture upon the European model in the most beautiful and artistic way. Bnt their industry does not end at this point ; for here right in the main street is a big cellar over the door of which is the sign ' Ah Iiee, washing and ironing done.' Within this ill ventilated place some half dozen Chinamen, stripped to the waist, are busily working in a steamy atmosphere, and are ' getting up' all kinds of male and female underclothing in the most irreproachable style, and I notice that each of the ' dampers,' instead of moistening every article preparatory to the ironing process in the usual way, by sprinkling the water with the hand, first takes a mouthful of the liquid from a small basii1. and then ejects it from between his lipn with a spluttering sound in the form of a shower of spray. This process appear* to be a most effectual one, and although it may not commend itself to the fastidious mind, so org as jour shirt front sets in a faultless style, what matter if a Chinaman has been squirting water over it ont of his mouth. Iu walking ?long the streets of ' Chinatown' the absence of females strikes one as a remarkable leatnre. Although there are scores of thou sands of Chinamen here there are only about four hundred Chinese women in tbe whole of San Krancisco, and these have been imported for the worst purposes. Some of the Chinamen however, are married to European wives, prin cipally buxom Irish lasses, and judging from the comely look of many of these fair daughters of the Emerald Isle it is clear that even Cupid sometimes looks favourably on the ' Heathen Chinee.' The children forming the offspring of these onions have a quaint half Mongolian half European look about them — tbe slanting eye and the lank black hair form ing at all times indelible marks of their Celestial origin. In wandering through this singular settlement some new and startling feature always presents itself to attract the attention. The surroundings are not exactly Chinese nor exactly European, but they form as it were a strange mixture of both. The two nationalities appear to have come suddenly together and to have got mixed up and while yon may perceive a blending of the two elements you may trace at the same time a distinct line of demarcation. The whole place is a busy hive, teeming with life and industry, and although there are some very peculiar dens and some very questionable institutions in con nection with it, on the whole It affords a striking example of the steady persevering energy of the Chinese, who have succeeded in raising for themselves a veritable stronghold in tbe heart of one of the most beautiful cities, and in the midst of one of the most go-ahead of Anglo-Saxon communities. So rapid has been the increase of the Chinese in their new condition of life here that it is calculated that there are no less than 300,000 distributed throughout California at tbe pre sent time, while for years past there has been an avenge population of over 50,000 on tbe gold fields alone. With these figures in view the question naturally arises — how is it that the Chinese have been able to live and thrive in so successful a manner when competing in the open market against the labour of their white neighbours. To ibis it may be answered thtt besides their command of cheip labour and their industrious, sober, and thrifty habits, their system of co- operating to gether and working in organized Companies and gangs baa had much to do with their success. The immigration to America is con. ducted upon a systematic basis, and no less than six Chinese Companies, organised solely for the importation of Coolie labour, have their heaxl qoarters in San Francisco. Most of tbe immi grants coming here hail from Canton, and are consigned to the various Companies by their agents in China. Upon their arrival they are well- cared for, are properly housed and fed, and remain under the care of the Company until they find work either in the towni or are drafted off to various parts of tbe country, where they engage in miniDg, farming, gardening, timber. . getting, fishing, and various other occupations. Not a few hire themselves out at daily wages, an J gain eaaily from $20 to $35 per month, a Chinese cook in a geod family often getting as mnch as S-K). In China a Coolie's wages will only average about 30 ' cash*1 per day, which is something less than threepence, so that by prac tising tbe aime frugal coarse of life as followed in bis own conntry, a Chinaman here will be able to lay aside, in tbe course of three or four years, from two to three thousand dollars, an amount which constitutes a perfect fortune in his own country. Looking at the Chinese question from a poli tical standpoint, both parties in California ?ffect to denounce the Chinese on their respec tive platforms ; but if jcru go to tba houses of these very men, who go upon the 'anti-Chinese ticktt,1* you will find Chinese servanto, and if joa visit their farms or ranches, you will find Chinese hand', and if you ask the political leader after dinner what he really .thinks, he will tell you that he could not get on without Cbinesp, and that the outcry against them amounts to tbe most abominable demagogueiim Moreover, he will tell yon that without Chinese labour it would have been impossible to con« struct the Pacific Hallway, to carry on many of tbe manufactories established is the State, or to obtain anything like an adequate supply of domestic servants. In reality their greatest enemkft and calumniators are the idle, the disiolute, and tbe drunken — the 'bummer,' tbe ** hoodlum,' and the stump orator. If you ask Mr. Loafing Hornypalm what he thinks of the yellow- man, be will tell yon straight that he is the vilest 'skunk' outside the dominions of his Satanic Majesty. He is a long-tailed pagan, a jaundiced- skinned heathen, a slant-eyed idolater. He is vicious and degraded, works for low wages, and 'aint liberal minded, because be c'ou't spend his dollars in drink. He eats cat*, raU, and mice, and when be- can't get them fitters in the smell of an oiled rag. He is a slave to Ihe moat appalling vices, lives in an opium dec,' rob* his neighbour, lies like a Phili delpl.ia lawyer, is the biggest 'cuss' oat, and ?aint worth a 'heap of beans' to the 8b»'e. Turn then to Mr. Welltodo MigTity- dollar for the other tide of the question, and he will ex claim with enthusiasm— 'He is the most faith ful and industrions of men. He gives us cheip labour, builds our railroads, cultivate* our gardens, reaps our fields, catches our fish, and does a thousand other useful things at a quimr the cost of any one else. He is sober, quick, and willing to learn, is an excellent domestic servant, is economical and painstaking, makes a splendid cook, does the washing and ironing to perfection, takes care of tbe children, looks well after your horse, ctvar goes on tie spree, never wants to go to church 00 Sunday, and is content to work three hun dred and sixty days ont of the three hundred and sixty-five.' And then .if you hobnob with John and invite him to exercise his pigeon English upon the subject of his status in society, here he will sum up the whole matter, with more or less volubility, in this strain — ** Malica side welly good plaeee. San Francisco plentee worke,plentee wjshee; wa*hee muchee dollar ; no likee Melicaman. He kik np plenty bob bery, too muchee fightee, too muchee cuttee tailee biong Chinaman. Chinaman -worked welly hard, makec lailloade, xoakee cigsr, no spendee muchee dollar, no gettee drnnkee, allee same Melicaman. -Melicaman wantee lull Chineeman b'cos he no go back Canton side. Melicaman go China side, gettee plenty tee, plentee ricee, makee plentee dollar; Chinee man no kik up bobbery. Meliea gov'ment say whiteeman, blackeeman, Chineeman allee same free workee here; Meliea b'long liberty aide. California gov'ment say nebermind liberty side. no wantee more Chinaman, ao will have can stop Canton side. Heathen Chinee no shall cone California, takee away dollar. Chinee man when he die wantee to go to Heaven, plentee chin chin Joss. Melicaman say he b'long Christian aide, no likee Joss. He callee Chineeman long dail pagan debil, he throw 'im stcne, he eat 'im tailee, he kill 'im. What for Christian aide fight pagan side, allee same dog ? Me tiak Chrigtin religin no good ; me tink allee Chineeman when he die go heaben aide. Allee Christin Melicaman go big fire side. Chin Chin.' 