The Advertiser MONDAY, AUGUST 11, 1879. The fifth annual report of the Central Board of Health, which details the work accomplished by the Board daring the year ended March 31, has just been published. The work of the Board has considerably increased dating the past year, owing to the extension of settlement which has marked that period, and the visits of the Inspector hare exceeded in number those of the previous year by nearly one-half, the figures being 1,070 and 1,441 respectively; sod. in Tnalrinjr these visits the Inspector 1 travelled 3,930 miles. The number of notices issued for the abatement of nuisances has exceeded by more than one half those sent out in the preceding year, the figures being 417 and 6G5 respec tively. Whether this increase in the proportion of notices served on that which marked-the "W'^ht of visits made be due to increased vigilance on the part of Che Board's officers or to an extra disregard of sanitary laws on the part of the people is not-shown by the report; bat whichever it may be it is a good indication that the health of the colonists generally is being looked after with a commendable degree of «are. Oat of the 685 cases in which notices were issued 42 were cited before the! Board. The number of peremptory orders issued was 28, and in only two cases jms it found necessary to make an appeal to a legal tribnnal, in both of which the unhiding parties were convicted and fined. It is satisfactory to know tibat the Ijocal Boards have exhibited increased activity {taring the past year, though, the Central Bbatdcomplain? of much, negligence still existing., among/&em;, anoUof a want of activity among their officers in attending to the sanitary condition of the districts under their control. It would- appear from the report that a want of funds may to a-great extent account for the lack of more efficiency in the dischaige of their 4atte* by both Boards and officers. There, are twenty-' three Local Boards in the colony, and out these eight have made no sanitary rat«,{but kave charged the cost of sanitation to the general funds of the districts. The Central Board f^***""^ that this -was not intended by the Legislature, and asks-that power may bejiven to it to compel the Local Boards to make sanitary rates for' the carrying ont of necessary sanitary works, and that some local authority should be invested with power to levy a sanitary rate where no Local Boards- exist.. Tie importance of sanitation that wherever Local Boards .are established a special rate should be la^ed jtor&ftt.; par pose. It is absurd to suppose that«anit* tion will receive the attention which Jt /deserves, or that it will have such an™ r BBintmt expended on it as-is required, if' the money for doing this neoessary work has to come oat of a general fund, on which there will be* many claims of a very different character, and which will often appear to those interested in the expenditure "to be of vastly greater importance than tlie>consar vation even of the public bealttf. • '' It is gratifying to observe that the Bjard i& in favor of the.proprietors of dairies and cowyardabeing licensed, end of their premises being inspected periodically. The advftableness of this being done has been urgeii yjibeed cdlnjnnsmare than once, and ■as the City Council has instructed.its so ' licitors to prepare a Bill with that intention, there Ifl fifery probability £h?tit?-nalizatioa is_near at hand. Too gnat importance cannot be attached to any efforts made with a -view to -seetuing a supply of pure milk' /tad butter; and although, we observe that ** thri Airfi>.WiaTiinATif« mole particularly under the directs pf the <Jent?fcl Board are periodically inspected by the Board's officers, and every «ffort made to enforce cleanliness and the imniediate removal oTiaanureJuid refuse,'much more titan this is required, and it & to be'Tioped that the Sairie?snd cowvards of this city and its" subSrbs will be seen rivalling in the cleanliness of their ' utensils and surroundings those bright wholesome and: scrupulously dean dairies which are generally to be found in the old country. With reference to overcrowded and dilapidated dwellings and houses unfit for human habitations the' Board bas -taken action in several cases that have been brought under its notice. On thi? subject the report says: j —« The overcrowding in filthy and unwhole some dwellings, the limited space allotted i to backyards arising from the minute ! division of property, the absence of pro vision for the reception and removal of refuse, the want of sufficient drainage, and the presence of imperfectly constructed cesspits, an crying evils which fully account for much of the sickness which prevails in some localities in AtWaifle and the neigh boring townships and suburbs;" and the report points to the necessity which exists for a Building Act. Here, as in the case of the dairies and cowyards, the wishes of the Board are in the course of being met A Building Act bas been prepared, in -wbicfrpoWEraare"Bougllt"fdT-to enable Che evils pointed out by the Board to be remedied. That a measure containing Biich provisions is much needed must be patent to anyone who is acquainted with what are known as the "back slums" of Adelaide. I3iere are many hovels standing in these localities which, although they might answer fairly as pigsties, are "certainly dens of disease if not death to human beings. The- Board acknowledges that *'«-)aw' improvement has been made in the scaveng ing and cleansing of the streets of Adelaide, yet express their earnest desire for still further improvement under a properly regu lated system." This wish will be gener.illy acquiesced in. What with the liquid mud which one has to wade. through after a moderate fall of rain, and the clay which impedes the passenger When attempt ing to walk on some of the foot paths, pedestrian locomotion is neither easy nor pleasant, and the sooner some gtep? are taken for keeping the streets a little freer from mud the better it will be for us all, except perhaps the cab and tram way proprietors. Another important sub ject on which tbe report treats is the pro viding a new cemetery for Adelaide and the adjacent townships, with, reference to which the Board has made frequent repre sentations to the Government, but without effect. The report as a whole shows that the Board is doing a great deal of work, and that the members are not unmindful of the important duties which devolve upon them. But' tbeie is much yet to be done. The stuff which is permitted to flow into our w&tertables; in some parts of the city is eimrjy, poisonous, and the effluvium arising therefrom when they are being swept by the scavengers is of a pungent, penetrating, and pernicious character, such as should never be permitted to assail tho nostrils of any person who has not become oblivious to smells by graduating at a bone-mill or some other equally savory establishment. True, the Board does not possess the power to compel the adoption of remedial measures for this evil, but urgent representations with reference to it, if repeatedly made, would surely not pass unheeded. The Marquis of Hutington has an nounced Ms intention of Contesting his old district of "North Lancashire at the next election. So we were informed in recent home telegrams, and the announcement adds another to the rapidly accumulating proofs that the coming struggle, whenever H takes place, bids fair to be-one of the most keenly fought in the long list of British Parliamentary contests. We were also informed by telegram that a split had taken place is the ranks of the Liberal party, and that the Badieal section of it had repudiated the leadership of the noble Marquis. Most likely that was a passing storm, a momentary rupture of these con necting links which are never so closely and secondly ri vetted in the ranks of the present Opposition as in those of the occu pants of the Treasury Benches. - That rap ture seems to have taken place in debates con nected with the Army Diedpline?illaud the abolitionof flagging. Evidently thatferifishas been tided over, for the telegrams further stated that the Marqais of Hartingtnn, in the iT afyiaa of his ftmnHnnn as leader of the Opposition, had moved, an amendment which seems to have secured the general support of his usual following: and the fact that he has consented to do battle in North Lancashire is additional proof of substantial agreement, for he would scarcely have' addressed himself to so arduous a task unless be had good reason to 'anticipate the loyal, and undivided.support of the. whole liberal party—the Badieal contin" _gent j«^i"^«?^ .By .the ordinary mail news we bad-information that a huge meeting of Liberal Clubs had been held at Accrington, and that it had been agreed to ask Lord Hartington to become a candidate ..foe - NartJi-East Lancashire. On the last eleb tion occasion in 1674, tin Liberals Btkfos good/fight there, having been defeated only by a majority of 87. votes. , Since then the Manchester Examiner tells us that diligent; attention has been fwidlo' the register* asd tbat a recent careful analysis of it has given most satisfactory, re auftaf ?o thsS, ifl>oeAhet <* theinttuig ■wmb?MTbare aaythive but their Conser vatism to_ commend'"fchein, it would have been bo very.Jifficolt-thing^for the leader of the Opposition to reverse the verdict there. But a further telegram which we have printed makes it clear that he has declined this offer, and has already de clared himself as a candidate for North Lancashire; so that it is evident tfiat pa end his party are flying at high game. T Thtere are many reasons why the present member for New Radnor should wish tQ win this seat. It t?m been •>**s rii*t jn f?lf?g -tion matters « Laneashnre taks-EBghma/ and undoubtedly a successful blow struck at the Ministry here would have a power ful effect in .turning the wale in o&er; places. JieSaei, Jforth lAPcaahire is the "first lore of Lord HarimgioiL JJe entered public life as a member for that district id 1897\. It was as its member that he first made his mark in the Mouse in 1859, when, he was chosen to more a Tote" of "want-bf^ confidence In ioidDerby'a Ministry, when Ttfrj TlfctqbKj inamtfinfo^ 3b.bbed tiiai somewhat. iwntejnptuou?ljr ■*• dut young Whigling;" and when,* spite' of the snub, he earned his motion in one of the f ulleet Houses-ever assembled by a majority of thirteen votes. When the g&at; battle, of 1808 was fought, an^ the' IJSeral' party boated into power' on the crest of a mighty ware of success, the victory which was won was somewhat marred byisolated defeats of some of their best men, and Lancashire did its full share in working the iayoc. The south-eastern division of die county rejected Mr. Glad stone, «nd forced him to become "flic Greenwich penskmer,''as the Tories of the time dtOlghtad to call him, and Lord Hartington was sent to tin right abootin North Lancashire, and his* place filled by Colonel Stanley, the present Secretary for Wax. It is in the nature ot things, there fore, that, more than anywhere else, the present leader of the Opposition ihould desire -to succeed here even on personal grounds, and by so doing efface the memory of defeat ten years ago. But, apart from personal, there are party reasons why a "strong man" should be chosen to try to wrest this seat from the Ministry. It is one of the high places of the field, and. as we have said, indications are manifold that whenever the time may come the battle will be fiercely fought all along the line. The < oneerratiTes threaten, in retaliation, it ia saia.forMr.GFlftdaloDeVnwion Mid-pn^n« n/ to contest wiry %o^q^ aa* t? cause trouble and jHcpense we?i|oer? ahey ■, no hopeuf sftdCe^ Mfi1 t^/gajfe Sf delaiibe "* tjms thrown foifrii'Will' be answered by sending a L&eral; J candidate wherever : victoryseems cv« jemotely possible. We hsye said whanevsr the tube comas^-aodV although Lord Hartington ia liil «j4ech points to an early if not an inunsdtate,ili?-. I solution^ this is conjectural xather $hat>~ , assitfeO.' "Hie CBaricellor of the Excheqaer the otter day,<in Agty to a c^aestio? wit ■? wl^et he wodd Introduce vBUJWgWe; die eeats of certain eonstisaencie« which bad bees disfranchised for bribery to pS* constituencies prior to the general elecjaoo,, BepUed that Gomameat. would dd so, bat hat such a Pill waa.not likely to be f otr*. duced during' present fceaooa. Toat would indicate An :jnferifi(in to keep tbia Parliament together till tbe extreme Junk of ita duration, which* would be autsmaraC 1880; bat it would hardly do for the Opposition to relax their vigilance under tbia impression, for Lord Beaconsfieid is fruitful in surprises, and might at any moment send the members to their con stituencies, should circumstances «eem favorable to himself and his cause. It ia impossible, of comae, to forecast d? iseueof this appeal to the country even if I it were to be decided aow, still less wheat elements at present unsuspected may hare risen up to influence it, if it be .delayed as it might be for fifteen months., The feeling of tbe country has yet to be tested; but a 9 shown by side elections—"which on tba whole have been favorable to the Opposi tion—the reaction baa sot been so pro nounced as to warrant us to anticipate with any confidence the verdict of the nation. Any Government which hat en joyed along lease ofoffice must lay their account for some falling away in the number of their supporters; and the«xpe> rience of the present Ministry in tbia respect stands to them, in jiMua^g contrast with that of their immediate predecessors in office. Of course the foreign policy of the Government will be assailed. Lord Hartington, in a ipeeeh wafi*heniade at Liverpool jut prior to the opening of the present Masion, made & onslaught on it, and we may be spre be will repeat andjemphaske-lris charge* bow. Itbas- jet to be proved, however^ that'the bulk ol the nation has r-bee?me^ lfotrn?tful of that policy. The Beecons?eld party nave all along been able to «y with troth that in this matter they^iwa Hen 4i? exponents of the genuine aanUniani of the country, and that their fault?, if faults they have, have been condoned by the weight of public opinion in their favor. The contest in North Lancashire wilt help to show in a air and fegatimateptraj whether, tbe fide I as turned or no£ .^One ; 'a^^it^«lord Hartington will liave in le did not enjoy in biajtrevipjig struggle fur this seat In 186j81? bad the terri torial and otiMJnftuena?«f t taeJate?arl of Derby [arrayed against him; now the present Earl has separate* himself from the party, and" will at least be neutral, if he does not throw this great weight of hia acknowledged influence into the liberal ecale. {Territorial influence! especially when backed- by the weight of sersoaal character land triad abiify/iF always 4f value in a Parliamentary /Omtaat; ■„ ana especially with a country- constituency; and the Tancafihire Conservatives would have girded on their armour with gseater glee if '. their forces were to be led as -heretofore by the Eart of Derby. :: The cofilesta v Jdm^ufaln 4td Mxi? Lottiaomay be taken as being largely of a testing or typical eaaneter. As when in, the days of hand to hand?Dgagementa, the. rank and file of hostile Armies paused and' gazed wbtothe«MsO^sed^e?ieM««afc«9 ; blows, every varying^ #han of thair^e? cobnter waflJoealy: wJKtdud, ftndbytseit Bndef tft¥ i?sr«?;:S!«a«>ow saw* r of the champions, was, batted or de pleted'by lesser combatants sad by in terested on-lookers as- y earnest of general victory «r ia it likely tofie in these fltruggles. ~ Hot in fegland onlyrbutOTerjiihei^ihey will be eagerly "fcoted, and their bearings botii on the course tnd r^t ofiStha-ge^kl^git eantesti/ ' ; caivassed.' As to the YerdictoflJie country both aides seem equally certain £hftt it Kill be given in their favor. Lobecslfi are loud in their aesertions that they not only do not fear but desire an immediate appeal to the electors, asserting that the thinking majority of the nation are w*ary of the Beaconsfield ratine,and anxiously desirous of change; the Prime Minuter, on the other band* . professes a~-perfect and tranquil assurance that the nation and he are still at one* This is only what might be expected, but suoh confidence on either side, whether real <# tasumed,: ? ? ft?? f roTe4<.sF T -„ ihi event to be unfounded or TnlsplaceuT " Jtfn. Gladstone and his party were taught IMb Reason to their cost in 1874, bat never theless it is part of political tactic* sever to anticipate defeat till it comes, and none knows better than Lord Beaconafield how | toaeaanui.B (MrMiapitind's?amtain a,' I confident tone even in the face of a more > certain defeat than that with which he is now threatened. Bevelling again to 1863, we remember how within a fortnight of the general election in which be was left in a minority of over a hundred, he coolly , contemplated the impending struggle, and in his speech at the Lord Mayor's banquet thus delivered himself. Speaking' of the Liberal anticipations of success, and draw ingi his ilhistration from Die Abyssinian waf then just concluded, be said—"" It is . the custom of undisciplined Hordes on the - eve of battle to sUk^ate «ad cdebrate ' their taumph by berxid sheets anct bideous yelk." Speaking of bisownandbi?partv's prospects he added, *s to dtosa wht remain calm and collected; to those wb# have arms of precision" though 4bey may make no noise." With such & bappj knack of looking at the sunny Bide of things \ it is not likely that the Prime Mjmatar or bis followers will prematurely give way to despair, or relax their «aeigier«ffe?-id- ths face of the determined oppoatioa whkh they axe sure to encounter In iA?cashire' f and elsewhere at the coming general election. ■' ■ ■' It v now tolerably evident that this colony occupies a very favorable jodtion with regard to mail communksataon wrtt Ota old country. Messrs. Joseph Stfjliiig-anil Co. haro forwarded to «a the foUewmg v copy of a telegram ?ee*red from: ttett Sydney agents:—« Orient Comnaay «*% *t^deputation merchant^ owners, tp.Chan cdlqr Excheiuer, alwttt E^etejn ajails «« -i • ? -vipe, Orient Steam Company expressed readiness carry Australian colonies mail, & fortnightly aarv.ee, to from Naples, for postage*/ It is part of the contract between* the P. & O. Company and Vic toria that the Company's steamers shall c?a at a South Australian port, and it is foi'ihe Gavjeruawnt of that, colony to state the., amount we shall haye to pay for the of our mails-and for the boats calling here on their ontward voyage. Mr. Bftty as yet has given no idea of the con trxbutioii he expects us' to make to the cost of. tie service^ but should we consider his demands unseasonable it is some satisfac tion ta-ksow that we are not dependent on out neighbors in this matter. By a" telegram received from London we leajm that a fearful fire has occurred ia Bosnia, by which the town of Sarajevo has suf fered several j, no less than 1,000 building! having bees destroyed, and 10,000 people de prived of shelter. Serajevc before the fire con tamed about 15.000 houses, and as these were mostly built of wood it U uot at all surprising that so many of them have been burnt. The town is described as poseming a gay oriental appearance from the number of steeples and micarets with which it is embellished, and as containing at least 100 mosques, besides schools basaars, market-places, and a number ot chari table matitu|ions. The RMS. Assam left Albany for Ade laide ttt 11-pjn. on Friday last J3ke. Vice-Admiralty Court is to sit this stoning, when the bearing of the case of the Courier will be resumed. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Friday and the same hour on Saturday is registered as follows:—Euda, 0-010: Kapunda, 0410. Although Corporal Field has made every effort to discover the perpetrators of the dis graceful attempt to throw a special train off the rails em the Mount Gamfeier and Rivoli Bay line onJ*4?SB h? has thus far been unsuccessful. Sha aflame is one that it always difficult to sheet Usavto. the perpetrator, but it is hoped {sajr*ba«**sV Watch) that in this ease the £lOO*o*ard,aod the efforts of the polk* win shorwj Tead-to some good doe. *On Tuesday last," writes the Burnt Becord bfJ^agoMt 8, " an accident happened at Bedrnttjlp Mr. Jos. Williams, who was working in the quarry raising metal. Suddenly a quantity of earth ftave way and came dowa, nearly burying Williams, who was, however, speeoUf extricated and taken home. The in juries' were found to be a broken leg and several broken ribs. 'When last we heard he was in a rery precarious state." "Alarge number of intending selectors banasjooe, or sn preparing to go to Adelaide," wtasaa the -Berdtr Watch of August 9," to attend thefeaVu sales en Taeaday next, when a large araa«f sttfrMownt Muirhead Flat will be offered. JTt is smmrikW there will be sharp competition for ssa*?ef«aebest blocks; and it is feared the ahssri-sjssaiuof bidding for selection will lead -to many faring to pay more for their blocks than theyo?ght tooo.* A which will causa & consider aUe. asnaunt-of inoonveaisace ooourred on Fridaj jjianisg, August 8, during the jaoraey «f tba caaahfrom Adelaide to Port WakeneM, as oaita arrival the WaUacooktterbag and she Fort^anaoln mail were mi—ing. The Wallaroo ZuaVsciates that - So idea rejecting the bow, when, a^d when of their disappearance ap- * in ai r<l be entertained by the driver, and their recovery may be considered as somewhat rtnnfrtnil ** The men belonging to the Port Rifle Corps had some novel practice on Saturday, Aogost 9. under the command of Captain Lovely. They were marched from the Railway Station to Point Maleom, off which a floating target had been moored about 750 or 800 yards ■to seaward. Tfcia was sagposed to represent the eommgboatof an enemyisV^tfte gallant defen den~ef beartiu mod haxoas opened ap a well dmdteufire which appealed to drop in what would be unpleasant proximity to the *?—'?"g foe. "After the mimic warfare it was found eh inspection suitsal bnUets had riddX?a the can vas. A^ie^tJi?on ef similar practice would lttvtffe tfttJ?ct upon tbo coepe* ' . M^r. Berry, the weU-known com mission agent, met with a dangerous aceldeat a few days ago. He was engaged in pillibtf a Tine in his garden at Kenshigtnn, wbes. tba fcpjft* slipped sztfLrafc hiT wrMtyMsMtMs?y^CT?Oiig one of the artenef. The s£np,of "Bie ooat tasacd the blade somewhst^dthelrosssd would have been still more seriojuu^AsJt was Mr. Berry lost a great quantity "of blood, and the consequences "would have Men fatal hVfl riot surgical assistance been quickly obtained. We are gtsd-to atste that he Is potr recovering rapidly,, and wul foon return* to his'lmiinaai ongs*emen6. -.' -7 '^'■'."..' A 'depatotiop waited on the ComkniH' noon.4Bf -Pvldie Works .on Sataidaj: mortdng toaskbSm tointrodueaaSUl mm Parhameat for of rjepmUog pnnisiaos- of the *y'H?"i -Act compelliag .Tnmway Gjin panief ' to, metal t*ud keep:. ia> repair; roads., between , the' dines of rails and 16 iochas on the otter stdsy and to impose on |he Oompsnies a uniform rating faaseion; an assessment of 6 par cent, on the . «P«tsjLrwO?e^of. tfesir property, and also to vest in the Government instead of the Q^rj-wrai-ion power to <ive or withhold pemiw?M? to use steam motors in streets. The Cowirnitsisor gave a favorsble reply. Tb% foQawiiig is Saturday morning's weather raport on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph line-.—Beltana, cloudy, dull; FatM ft^i light, cloadj, dull, cool; Stnngwsys Tarings, SA, fresh^ cloudy, dull, cold; Peaks, xslm, cloady, dull; Charlotte Waters, &B.; moderate, cloudy, dull; Alice Springa f J3.S^ lj(hV cloudy, doll, raining' Bar row Ci^rj oTrn, cloudy, fine, cool; Tennanfc Crset, S-K, strong, clear, fine, cold; Powell /Tf^p«?lr| * V it^ «trtng. dear, fine^ pleasant* Dab/ TVatGix/ab?^ light, elearyfine, cool; Kiithiir'll*l. S^^ figjb]L rfftsr, nne j Pine Creek, ft X, lights elear.'fti^warm; 7am Crsek,SJL,light,clear, fine, warn.; IKrafl>port? calm, few cloudi, fioo, cool; f!ptt Darwin, calm, dear,fine, cboL On the 7th of August, as Mr. Henry Eckermaan, a farmer, living a mile and a half from Waterloo, was going through his bush paddock with a workman he found a horse har nessed to a trap without the driver. Recog nising the vehicle as belonging to John Dreyer, a hawker from Tanunda, who had stopped at his house on the previous night, he took charge of horse and trap and set out in search of the missing driver. The unfortunate man was found lying on the ground, face downwards. Life was extinct, but there was no sign of any accident. Mr.Eckermann went at once for Dr. Richter, and telegraphed to the police at Mintaro. An inquest was held on the follow ing day, when a post-mortem examination proved that desth had resulted from the bursting of a blood-vessel. Deceased was fifty-nine years of age, and very steady. He was formerly for a number of years a storekeeper at New Mecklen burg. He has left a wife and seven children. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Burra and North-East Agricultural Society was held in the Burra Institute on Friday afternoon, August 1. Mr. H.Dawson, J.P., presided. The Secretary, Mr. J. D. Cave, read the balance- sheet, showing a balance in hand at date of £62 11s. 6d. The election of officers and Committee for the year resulted as follows:—President, ■W. B. Koansvell c fl«-.-stP^ •Captain Killicoatand Mr. H.Dawapn; Secre tary, Mr. J. D. Cave; Treasurer, Mr. W. H. BosmsH, jutt.; Auditors, Messrs. J. C. Sand land sssl Hsllet*. Ossnmittee—Messrs. Loutit. Holder, O. A. Oebhardt, Hastie, Ostct, Brsylcy, H. Collins, H. Wilmott, Tom, Dsw, James. J. B. Stephens, FairehUd, Murray. Lewis, Puff, Wames, gandUnd, P. L.gniicoat, Barker, <jockrnm, B. Brown, jun., Bidgway, 3. Prevr, T. Drew.GakSane, Escott, Mc?rlde, Pinch, G. O. Dwwden,!^. Fesree, jun^ J. Bosch, E. Austin, <3\. W. Dowden, P. Couch, D. McCulloch Pride, Bayper, and Ecgers. SsWte afyti^T"*"l particulan with regard Ito thft?iystarions affair in which Miss Adelaide FroosVis ecanaraed have eometohaad. The .fiuperStondent of Polioe has received tete 4Cramsfam the captain and mate of ths barque Coocof at Port Pine saying Oat they can awesr Jhe never left the Tassel between ( SaJsnriilu night and Monday morning, when ih+C?mm sailed. If this be the case of eanqSueisezaoeratsdfromaaysaspimoa, : jflfim flftjsnttw in relation to the nnknowjs OsW i iltOfi ■"'" ""~ r l^' —rr f —rii'nN* Ia addstsS?l to this information, however, it has MssspflStft&ati.the; glri aaen by WJukinLon* ft mi ia- sssw■ 1111t[i. 'Jying on the railway ' fine btfiMeVcflbWtaaof?rigfiton had a book under ncr ss*r^a^ %arasol in "her -hand. Vow it to havMM?^Bfdsaie TiMiue,* sne owud/Tisve passed Art^jomsni atranga adveoturai'and fcavVr^^^^^^ |^&^**^^OTiol. and doM?isisstiB«r*WC^lt«agjar?fcfe ?* We have been shown a very handsome piece of illumination in the form of a presen tation address to Mr. and Mrs. Gustav Kinder mann on the occasion of their silver wedding. The design is that of an eselesiastical structure of the Corinthian order of architecture, and is the remit of the combination of over twelve thousand different pieces of type. On either side of what may be described as the basement are two massive-looking pillars, surmounted by two of more limited dimensions. At the top of the design is the portrait of Mr. William Kinck, formerly a compositor, but now manager of the German Club, whose work it is. In the body of the design are the names of the recipients, and underneath a number of congratulatory verses in German. Between the lower pillars on one side is the name of Mr. Kindermann's birthplace and the date of his marriage, and between those on the other is the name of Mrs. Kindermann's native place and the date of the silver wedding. The combination of the various patterns of type and different colored inks has an admirable effect, and speaks well for Mr. Kinck's taste and perseverance. The San Francisco correspondent of the Melbourne Aryvt. writing under date July T, fur nishes the following items of theatrical gossip: —"Miss Minnie Walton, wife of Mr. Fred Lyster (brother of William S. Lyster, of Prince of Wales Opera House, Melbourne), died on ths evening of the Ist July, after protracted suf fering. Much sympathy is expressed, and members of the profession were unremitting in then- attentions, Miss Bmilie Melville being almost constantly by the bedside of the sufferer. Deceased was a native of Sydney, and had only reached 27 years. She first appeared in the opera of * Oberou,* in San Francisco, at Magnire's Washington-street Theatre, about 1868\. Miss Lillian Andrews, recently from colonial theatres, has made a most favorable impression in San Francisco, play ing with especial effectiveness the characters of Portia and Opbelia. Bmilie Melville's Pina fore Party, at the Standard, has been unusually successful, the chief reason being that it it com posed largely of amateurs drawn from society. The Amy Sherwin Party has not been so suc cessful, and has come to grief, in fact, at the Grand Opera House, They are now singing with more acceptance in Virginia City, Nevada, among the miners. Miss Sherwin is very much liked in Josephine; bat her management was faulty. There are two children's " Pinafores" in full blast, and now that the enthusiasm has reached the juvenile stage, it is to be hoped it will soon waste out. Martin Simonsea, with a variety company, left San Francisco for the colonies by the Zealandia. July 7. It is said to be a very good company." " The first case of robbery under arms mhitrh hmnwufrail in f«jm?.Tii«. ttw myiyjain was reported,'' says the Launcetton Examiner of August 6, "at the Police Station yesterday afternoon by John Faulkiner, the mailman em ployed in carrying the mail between the lisle Goldfield and the Myrtle Bank Post-Office. It appears that Faulkiner left the Lisle at the usual hour, and after proceeding about five miles along the narrow track leading to Myrtle Bank he was startled by seeing a man covered with a sugar bag and a long hairy bat jump out of the scrub in front of him and present a revolver at his head, demanding the mailbags. Faulkiner at first denied having the mail, but aha man replied that he knew he had, and said if the mail was not handed np before he counted three he would shoot him like he shot the Sootts *]ale ™nm.n Faulkiner became alarmed, : and seeing that there was no chance of escape by pushing his horse to a gallop owing to the branches overhanging the track, delivered the bags op, and said, 'Don't shoot.' Another man whom Faulkiner did not see.but he*rd,said, * Don't shoot .him, Ben.' As soon as Faulkiner had delivered up the bag he was told he might go on, which he did, and reported the affair to the constable stationed at Pattenonia, who re fused to go out because he had no firearms. Faulkiner then came on to town, and after re porting the matter to the Postmaster, Mr. Windestt. proceeded to give information to the polioe. This is almost the first time that Faulkiner has carried the mail, the duty being : more generally left to a young lad "abo it 16 years of age. Faulkiner states most positively that the man intended to shoot him, as he saw the hammer of the pistol cocked and the nipple capped.- 3 A hair-breadth escape, surrounded with circumstances approaching the miraculoaa, oc- . enrred in the neighborhood of Malmslmry, in Victoria, on Saturday. August 2, srhuh for a time placed two of the principal actors in what appeared to be a seriooa tcagedy ia a xoaat pain ful and undesirable predicament. According to ciutom (states the Kpmttom. gwitfnpthn looal volunteers turned out daring ttesmraaoa tor. E&£ mm^m ttt^^B?-an^BS'C?t'/^Sifrn^Mk SB^A SS^a? ' resdlT^nseUent thmjtiaff wajLJMdert£L*P*' praaennwthe breafc^np. yhaa?lr. flwjMhS' licensee ol the Junction Hotel at UaUnsbary, narrowly escaped ahootUg s> lad mMfoei AttitOr I Hawker, who was acting fr abe capacity «f i marksman. It appear* that iiaiaiuljgliity after Itae previous shot the markeriasMd^ram his -<*ver, took the shot, cleaned the target, and giving, as he did so, the usual signal '^denoting that everytiung' was right. -Upon -this Mr. Smith took His sight, and was in the act of firing, -whfn. the- Fr***—i finding that he had neglected to .do. fame .thing, issaea" &om; Jbis cover, and planed Mj??ettdirecUv in front ef tfee tajzet^ without hanging'oat Uie danger, ugsal. Seeing, the .danger in which the lad stood,those ntanding around called to Mr. Smith not to fixe, but air fortunately too late, the trigger having been,, pulled as the position of affairs was ootiioad. The lad was standing with his tape so. the target, and the bullet passed through his right side iwrtn^ftifltftly nn*^w tiie short rib but wish* out doing any other damage t^f injijgfiing* a flesh wound. The lad ttruype3,bu(, atfcapgre hensions as to his fate were; 4iapeUaJLbs^we persistence witb which be yaUed. The assis tance of Dr. Davy was at once proouTed, who, on yTr^THiiring the wound found that "*ft in* jury, though serious, was not of a dangerous nature. The bud is progressing favorably. ||g., Smith is a capital shot, and secured a buU's^g?, with *l?* shot which passed through the tnotufeut* leas marksman's side. - ,^. The following extract from a letter of Bishop Perry has "been handed to't&e; Victorian Chvrch of England Mustmger for publication :— "A copy which has been sent to me of the Melbourne Punch contains a representation with the title of' The Present and the Past,' of Bisnop Moorhonse and myself, in which he U represented as pronouncing cricket to be' the noblest and the best of British sports,* and 1 as condemning a clergyman for playing in a match. Now, there is herein no necessary con trast between Bishop Moorhonse and me. He may agree with me (I do not know whether he does) in the opinion that a clergyman having a parochial cure will do well not to spend his time at cricket; and I do most heartily agree with him in his admiration of cricket. X look bsck with pleasure, and perhaps with some thing of foolish vanity, to having had. the honor of being for two years in the Harrow Eleven, and having played in the matches with Eton, and I greatly' rejoiced at seeing the game so heartily taken up in Victoria. i«]go promoted it, as far as was in my' power, by becoming a member of the Melbourne Club. Ho one. therefore, can accuse me of undervaluing cricket. It is, however, a very different thing to urge upon a clergyman the duty of giving himself wholly, and showing his people and the public generally that he does •o give himself, to the work of the ministry; and this he cannot do if he indulge in any great degree his taste for cricketing. Moreover, it ia to be borne in mind that what is desirable and commendatory in a man at one age of life and in one position maybe wholly undesirable and unbecoming in him at nnfffrhf age and in a different position. The Lord Keeper who, in Queen Elizabeth's reign,'led the brawls,'was not, I think, acting consistently with the dig nity of his judicial office. So certainly some would think of a clergyman of mature age bat ting and fielding at cricket. I would add that I nave no complaint to make in this respect of the clergyman referred to; for, at xay request, he save up playing in tbe MftHHWTift matrhfia" «"" "George Gray, a man twenty-four years ofage,o?usedaooijsJ6^r?ble sensation at the dose oftfae ptoceedings in the City Court yatterftay" reports the Melbourne Age, of August 8. *He appeared before the Bench to answer the charge of deserting his wife, he having been arrested on the ftetious day on warrant just as he was about to leave by the steamer af«i£?m for Tasmania. Shortly afterwards he was nailed out by his bwther,and yesterday morning he appeared in Court. The wife told a story of suffering and wrong which unfortunately is too frequently heard m the Poliee- Oourt from the lips of de certed wives. She had only been married to her hatband tor three years, but their domestic relations %ad Been almost altogether on f?endry.'A child bad been bom, which the pose' woman said she had not sufficient meney* •flowed to maintain properly, and it died. Her husband had been In almost constant work. He had earned food wages as a French polisher, but be had only allowed her a miser able portion ef his earnings.and during the first eighteen months ne had evidently deemed it auneeessary ii support her at all. The Bench vrtbonofl^ in determining to make an order * sgahisCGray to contribute ISs. per week to the ~'nmst of bis wife, and to find two sureties of £25 each that he would oboy the order. Imme diately afterwards the man was •sen to pat a email phial to his lips and swallow its contents —a dark-colored liquid. His brother sailed him and took the phial bom his. band. Toe polioe then took possession of the fellow, who, it was thought, had poisoned him self with laudanum. He resisted the police violently, and was dragged from the Court to the lock-up, where it required the service* of three constables to hold him. iub was then procured, and he was taken to the Melbourne Hospital, when Dr. Benoie attended him. He refused to take an emetic, and the stomach pump was used. The contents of the stomach did net smell of laudanum, and Gray did not exhibit any signs of suffering from poison. He was, howerer, detained in the hospital for Beveral hours, and as at the end of that time he still did not show any sign of having taken poison, he was sent back to the lock-up and there detained. Gray v evidently a blusterer, and it is thought that his actions in Oaurt were due to a desire to produce a sensational effect, and that he did not take the paUon, though it appears that he told his brother that he would take poisou rather than go to gaol." The foundation-stoneof a Roman Catholic Presbytery was laid at Port Adelaide on Sand* afternoon, August 19, by the Vicar-Genera . Fatter ¥. Byrne. The site chosen for the build ing was a t>iece of ground on the side of tli j Port-road, nearly opposite the Portland Hotel where the Catholics hare an acre of land. It i< only intended at present to erect a residence fo the priest of Port Adelaide, but the best piec ■ of land has been left for the church, which it is proposed to put up at some future time. The house ? to be built entirely of stone with brics facings, after the gothic style. It will contain twelve rooms in three stories of four rooms each. There was a very large attendance at the cere mony, probably owing to the fact that this was to be the first building of its kind ever erected in Port Adelaide. Previous to the atone being la-d Father Ryan presented the Vicar-General with a handsome silver trowel wish an ivory handle, which had been given by Mrs. Murphy, of the Britannia Hotel, Port Adelaide. The Vicar-General in expressing his thanks, Mid it gave him great pleasure to lay the foundation-atone of the Presbytery, and more so, although he had performed similar ceremonies with regard to churches, yet that was the first occasion of his laying the found i tion-stone of a Presbytery. He had moreover never before received a silver trowel, and he should therefore treasure it all the more as a token of their esteem and kindness to him. After laying the stone he asid he did not intend to speak to those present of their duties to God, as though it was a church that was to be built, or of their duties to their children as though it were a school. He spoke a few words however with reference to secular education, which lie described as a system -which God had ignored ; which though it was established and cherished by the enemies of the Catholic Church, yet was strongly condemned by the Supreme Pontiff and all good Catholics. He then proceeded to describe the rise and progress of the Roman Catholic Church at Port Adelaide, comparing favorably the present strength and influence of the Church with that of the past, and congratu lating them on the success they had so far achieved. He alluded to the great necessity for a proper residence for the priest, and described the great difficulty which bad previously been experienced in procuring a suitable one for him. He concluded with an earnest appeal to those present to support the building as far as lay in their power. The proceedings then closed. About 475 was laid on the stone Mr. B. Pollen is the architect of the building, and Mr. C. Kelly the contractor. During the last two or three months several burglaries, some of a rather serioot character, have been committed iv the city, and although the police authorities had been using every effort to light upon the offenders they were unsuccessful. On Saturday, however, the detective* made a discovery which they feel confident will result in the «J—mm^ up of the mystery connected with these robberies. Since tne extensive jewellery robbery which was effected from the premises of Mr. TH.llm.T. in Hindley-street* the detectives ha 1 been keeping a strict wstoh on some persons at Port Addaidn. who wen sfc?Ouglv suspected of having taken part in that transaction, and the suspicion aroused in conoeesion with the larger burglary las led op to waathas just transpired. On Saturday —""«"ff the deteeiipes, acting on what tneyhad observed, made aaoamhof the pre mises «( a storekeeper in the Clmuwnniiil itwiil, Pott Adelaide, named OharlesCTatt, amd were rewarded by ttedissaveiy, on jdiflssent parts of **f\r!rt-iW —-' -* tin ■JIM* IMuh fcufc Jrfeoutfe** erjaSnUa a abort 4iau> age, Watt >■?«*, at- ewirse, baan attested, and jrlth Iris '•MUshnik'?•O?tt •&Bo;*Ucr > vtaviii rapposed. %9 be isopUtatoA with his amployar/wUI be brought betore Mr. Beddome to-oayxm a charge | of receiving atsien pmpersy. -At fiiassut th? I evidence as ta to actaaLcommrait of the rob ! beriea is not complete, scad law. parson* ia I whose possession tile articles werefoondareas f I -yet only presumably the odpriss. The elae j I having once been found cisoasutanoes will,so I doubt, transpire which will leadoto ah* fixtore -j of the thefts so the xigb* peaoa or persons. I | The lrazglaries of which we bunelxen spoken have been almost without exception ooaamittad on Sunday evenings, and although the depre dations of toe tmsvesium extended to jewel- I leryand other valuable articles, the tacts have | be^suppressedfremthepabUtiiuadM fancnder ['■the capture of theciilut£(4,theiaoi|B osrtainvTslt . frMmewbat exteorofruy, presuming Ehatlhe nmoent sospicuna of tfte police-kre verified, Mat a man carrying on a~|693 business like -Whit afttorid have UephniseneaT tendencies of this order, art ttas vary {ait *ad for % long period plaoddia* man beyond smpieion. VMt UalaadosffttuHrhobaa lean firing in Victoria for some time. He settled in Port Adelaide . about eisjhtaftn month* ago, and hat borne a very good general ohsEscter. hw assistant *" business, George Ambler, ia a recent arrival I from West Australia, as he came from that -place to the colony about eighteen months ago. He has also had a good reputation during his stay here. Zt is regarded now as more likely than ever that 'Watt and his assistant are in: someway connected with she two men Knight and 'Williams, who wen arrested in Melbourne •n Friday on the charge of stealing the jewel lery bom Mr. Hallman's premises. Knight's name is on the South Australian Police records as a West Australian expires, who was in the colony a short time ago. It is intended to bring up Watt and Ambler on Monday and ask for a remand pending farther enquiries and the arrival of the oner prisoners, who an expected to sail from Mrito""w on Tuesday next. An entertainment is to be given in the German Club- House this evening. ' Another people's concert will be given iv be Gouger- street Academy this evening. The half-yeaiiy meeting of the Equitable Fire Insurance Company is to be held at the office, Hindley-street, this afternoon. A meeting of the Committee of tne Chamber of Manufactures is to be held at the Hall, Waymouth-straet, this afternoon. At the Amateur Musical Union's next concert "Evangeline" is to (be produced. A band rehearsal was held on Saturday afternoon, , when there was a good attendance, and every thing went saoothly. 'The I/vnch Family of Bellringers ore drawing large bouses in-the North. At Port Augusta, on Tbarsday last, the Institute was so crowded that numbers had to be refused admittance. The rustling for the Springton Coursing Club's All- Aged Stakes was brought to a con clusion an Saturday. August 9, when in the de ciding courte Mr. Porter's bdL k w. b. Pleasant, by Snap—Fly beat Mr. BUnman'a f.b. Beauty, by Breadalbane—Nora. We have received the first number of the new Catholic paper, the Record, which is neatly got np and contains a selection of ' genual reading matter in addition to special articles addressed to that portion of the reli- ' pious community whose intecestsit represents, j In connection with titemwdcal entertain- ' ment to be given in the 3bwn Hall,on Tuesday evening, in aid of the Organ Fund of St. Michael's Church', Mitcham, a rehearsal was held on Saturday afternoon. There was a good attendance, and " Robinson Crusoe," the cantata to be produced, was well rehearsed. A public meeting is to be held at die ' Institute, Glenelg. this evening, to consider whether it would be to the advantage of the pablic that the Adelaide, Glenelg,aad Suburban Bailway Company should obtain power from Parliament to aw the Natme line from Good wosd to the Adelaide Station. There was a good attendance at White's Rooms on Saturday night, when Mr. B'Arcy Read repeated his ghost entertainment. The matinee was very largely attended, and at its dose each juvenile received a present. At the close of the evening performance some valuable articles were distributed. It is announced tnat the present will be the last week of the exhibi tion, and that there will be a change of songs, &c;, by which the attractiveness of the enter* tainment will be increased. 