NEWS AND NOTES. This day's events:-[?] Led[?] Circus, at the Hay market; meeting of water Commission; Mr Drum m[?]d address Bun[?]shire rateplayers at Hill's ho[?]. Musk Creck 8 p.m.; full dismounted parade annual meeting of the Orphan Asylum eontri- ,shen_Mr.J i MoUoy was elected torthe enamngyear- Thbannnal 'report will be {Sdhd f&’enotHOT i parfc of J the paper. ■■ *•*• « . - . . PrayersfoF rain ifrnot ascending from high altars least, esraplngdailjf;from thejjps _ol_par j dis trict farmers and graalera. The . epntinned f hiit.dry %e*ther; with ’* belong atmosphere) is”, telling; disas-_ .up/fencing! istaking !°“h ■Farmer# melancholy, land, generally Sjpeakmg, 1 the summer of ‘1879 ushert in •-; widespread,, bucolic jgroyrLV-l'V'J«‘wlui’-ivV.-v’'''’" u "* ‘ j OJ -'' r ;Mr F.rC. T Baker,wlio is puttingupa 'battery,'.beside, —or,aa the: Bunlnyongshire engineer aaya, :ou—& road' thorabgestpthe Half- and'oalled the :Whita Horw rcad,- airod a grievance .beforetho, shire ‘ootmeil- on Thursday, the burdSn- ot which 1 was, -that. 'Ur Boyd, the shire en{pneer)'had unwarrantably inter fered with themehwprJuDgfor'him'XJlrßaierjby 'telUhg them-' that were encroaching road, and rendering theoMWw liable to; penal ties thereby, which'had' the effect of .making theimen slop work for a day.--Ur Baker said that heonq aired ’six months' ago' from the,council’ about- the width of the ' road,' but;; had nevej been favored'with a. reply; .anid bating oh other, information horeoeived, that the; road was only aohainwide,he built his battery accord ingly, .giving. ample room ', for the' purposes of traffic along the road,, whioh,' by ttie bye,,haa never been pro*, claimed; •; Ur Baker also complained ofMrßdyd not bavinggiyen him propernotioe of the .encroachment' before interfering with’ the workmen,’ Ur Boyd: saf<T >that he,had : found .the battery ehcicbaohihg. on the road—a chain and a half wide—and told the workmen o .that; ho must bring the' matter before the council, at the same, time reminding them of the penalties to whioh thay were exposing themselves. The council appeared : to., agree with Ur.Boyd’s.action in bringing the matter under its notice, bat decided to take., no. action with rejgud to the position of Ur Baker's bat* tery, as it did not wish' to seem opposed to the mining industry. ;’ ‘ _ '' ’ The annual Mining Board elections are beginning to attract,; attention; now that. the ' date ! of the election is flxed'. for' the' : 22nd'proximo,’ Thnridayi.Vthe 6th February, being the last'day for sending . in: nomina tions. -In l the Ballarat division Mr P.:C. Baker,retires) bat will'stand’for. re-election, and-'as -his opponents Messrs T. Kennedy and J.'. Palmer have been freely spoken, of.- . Mr Magorgoea but for the Bdhinyong division, andMrQraham.whooontested a seat before with Ur Uren, is menitioned’aa .likely .to come forward again.’ The Smytbesdale district, however, seems to give promise of a hard struggle, for,; thevacanpiea in ,the.,board caused (py the retirement’ of . Messrs Mac dohellsmd’-Scott, who will pontest'the election again against,!fiva'ot.sii other-probable candidates; ampng whom Messrs, M‘luerney, an - old member,: Haywood;' Qrihhle), and R, Stephens are said to stand. __ A.j meeting of delegates from the friandly societies of Linton; and district was held-in Trevarrow’s hotel on -Tbhrßday, 't6Vmake' arrangements tp,:secure the services of a medical gentleman for- tha district, vice Dr.Hpakins, who hasdeft , for Tasmania. .. .. , A meeting of local justices was: held at the Bunin yong Police;.; Court pa -Thursday, when President M'JUennon. oftha shire, and Or Kelsall of the bbrough, were 1 elected ■- licensing justices.! for ..the", ensuing year." The sittings of the court were altered to Tues days and'Fridays at 3 p.m) The acting clerk of petty sessions was instructed to haTe the alteration gazetted next week. !,’■ - :: Adeputation from mining managers in the Send-, hurst district waited oh Major Smith'on Wednesday, and asked that ha would suspend for an-indefinite period rule 10 of. section .6 of the.Mhung Regulations Statute in so far as it’ referred to the method of ag." naUing in: mines.; Major Smith saidthathe would give the mining managers of tha colony twelve months to devise some practicable scheme for complying with the provisions of ■ the act, and if they did: notsucceed 'in that ’period, ha . would enforce the act - ‘ He ,waa quite willing, however,- to ask: the Cages Commission to enquire into this question, and flud a scheme, if possible, .for effectually signalling in mines, i $ .Several sudden deaths have oequned at Sandhurst,, whioh.are attributedto the hot weather.’ , - Major,,Couchman ' has, reported; .that the .people of Sandhurst use 90 gallonsbf water per .head each day, ; whilst the consumption , in' Melbourne is only 62 gal lons pet day. ; ■■■ -v . i, ■: . ' - The half-yearly .meeting pf; Ballarat Buildera' and. Contraotore’Association wap'to have .been held on Thursday night at the Mechanics' institute, hut 4s Ho ona but the' seorelixy"put m an appearance at tha appointed.time,'.the.'tneeting was postponed inde finitely. - - _ Surveyors have been engaged for the last two daya making observations .concerning the’ Gamp’Reaerve, with the view, it is understood, of preparing- plans for the arcade or morket-which it has been proposed.-to erect pn part of the, ground., - . . ..... :! : Thera was a fine show, of gooseberries at Messrs’Rl' U. Nicholls and Go’s, store, in Armstrong street, on Thursday.." r. ■; : The following aub-committees have been formed from the Hospital Committee to attend to the various duties connected jyith the institution* viz.!—House— Mesa.ts Fapenhagan, Cameron, Salter, Lewis,’ PreshaWj O. Smith, Higgans. and King. Drugs—Drs Pinnock and Usher, and'Mr King. Carden—Messrs G. Smith,' Edwards, and Anderson. Store—Messrs Fitzgerald anil Cameron. .Finance—Messrs Fapenhagan and Cameron. ,; - - ■ Bungareeahlte affairs have t v aken a new turn, and the oouhcU'a .secretary),Mr, H. Acton, will appear as defend•mt. Ia the.Town.Police. Court next Thursday, on . the ’ ooblplairit' of ';the lately- dismissed rate collector, .Mr 'John Drummond.' Mr Drummond went to the shire office a few Jays since, and, as a ratepayer entitled by law to. do so, asked to see certain docu ments and books, which the ’-secretary refused to pro* duoe, saying that he had been instructed not to allow Mr Drummond to. inspect any of the books. In re fusing to supply, the information asked for, Mr Drum mond. remiadedMr Aotoh he was making himself : liableto a penalty under'the pro visions of the Local Qovernment Act, but as the secretary persisted in refusing to produce the* books and documents, according tp his instructipns, though from whom re ceived’ha'did, hot state) 1 Mr Drummond placed tha affair in the hands of'his solicitor, who has issued a summons against Mr Acton, for a breach of the act. The committee of the Central Bowling Club mat •on- Wednesday evening’at Craig’s hotel,.Mr G. Rogers presiding. .It was. agreed ’to send complimentary tickets, of msmbership to tha miuisters of the various denominations in’the .city, and : Dr : Nicholson was chosen to -the; honorary: office of surgeon to the club. ■ Wednesdays and Saturdays were fixed as -practice days, when as many members as possible are requested to .attend on the green, between the pf 4 and half-past 7 in the evening, seeing that it is intended to. send, challenges to the country , clubs in .the district at not far: ‘distant dates. ' The committee wish it to' be understood that the green is in good order, under the , care .of Mr Gep. Smith, and to afford members other’amuaament besides bowling, , the large building ■just erected on the club’s ground will be made into two skittle-alleya. a qnpit ground having already been , provided.:.. The cliih membership is increasing quickly, over fifty gentlemen’ being bow enrolled, and more have promised to join. - , The following tenders were accepted by the Public Works Department on Thursday:—Hew Post-office, Brighton, T. Kaughen and Sons, £lBB3 3s; oonatme tion of a timber bndge, &0., at Ostler’s Creek, on the Toongabbie and Walhalla roads, M. Walsh and Cos), £197; gravelling approach and asphalting footpaths, sx., to Government-house, John D. Munro, £63 7s6d. A. very serious accident occurred at tfia back of the Academy pf Music on Thursday evening whilst some of the apparatus oqnnepted with the ghost entertain ment, about to be produced at. ,the : Academy,-was being hoisted. It appears that the case, weighing some 1000 lb., had been hoisted up opposite the doorway, when the block gave.way, and., the -whole .affair came to the ground with a tremendous smash, jMtplMrwgMr E. Byte and other persona whd.were standing beneathl .providentially, tfibre was no one injured. - We ara requested to state that owingdo the acoidant the entertainment has bean unavoidably post poned till, further notice. * • horse, attached to a baker's cart slipped and-fell ,m 3furt street, near the Savings’ Bank, on Thursday evening, and. whilst, the owner was assisting-the animal to me the winkers oama.off, and the horse im mediately Bolted'at a .tremendous,-papa down Sturt and into Grenville street, eventually being stopped at Mair- -street- bridge. ’With the exception of the destruction of one of the wheels no damage was done, i ♦k-nr ® oh the'since we hava'had to record °. f insolvents’, schedules in. Ballarat, save rou liahihtieß considerably under!£loo. Whether this state Of things arises from the fabtthat speculate and lose, or that busine^i matters, are imptoving' here, 1 we-'leave bur ,revere; to judge for thenSelveA- 1 ’ ’ ;’i " . vritli’aloriy and -howes and no aoci- a D8 ’ r ? c n ° t £**>& ther an everyday occur renca. At 9 o.olppk pn-Thursday night a beer lorrV belonging - Ch’arha'Ndpier Brewery', to whioh^ p»lr of staunch horses were attached, was bolted with’ [ fro® itt hotel Mif the OaUtayirfs, and oroaeTuT^ | fall ipto aJong the road to Sturtetreetf thSlt 1 Bridge street, and so on as far as the Main ! When opposite the London Chartered Bank w 3, i Trehar very placidly jumped on board of the l [ and taking- the reins, pulled up the team, tv*' was a manly one in every sense of the Wo wf 5? i Trehar running a great risk in stopping the team.’ [ The arbitrators who have been appointed to the amount of compensation to be paid bv tin, u-• <Ss Department to Mr P. C. Baker tor his riaht fTif B Tlount Helenwatereface, met off-Wedheaday and • spected the race_fofTla ilong distance. Mr Sh, I®' 1 ®' manager' of the PhoSnhc Foundry, represent, a 1 I Go vernment.and Mr T). Fitzpatrick tha owner Q f ' race, Mr J. Cotter acting as umpire. The arbitral .wjU/probably send in their award to the Miniate, , Mines during the early-part of next week. c ' in Qovernment departmenta fa no y „ , , opt .with the rsamo degree of desS which characterises the doings of private firm, grbis neglect 'pr/ntter carelessness onW 1 !n the Linda and Survey Office wm Z* lioned at tha meating of tha Buninybngshire Com,-i •oh Thursday.. Twelve months ago some of thenemj liying, about Mount Doran wished a certain detiati jihArpad tliere, to make it mote;,easily passable the council undertook to see the. thing done ’ p*® were : paid'tb the department, which arranged for 2* 'aarreyr from"that: time till now has h 'government carried out the work; and the council h determined to onake another .appeal for the survm !! be effected; "0 r- «» ' " We learn from the iryus/thiat a. definite arrant inenthae at last been made between the Postal nj Kailway Departments ’Pf Vietoria and New Somk Wales by which the ovetland mails from SydnevJn be delivered atWbdongain time to allow of a tral ■starting from that plaoa for , Melbourne half an hZ after midnight. -.By this'.'means 1 the Sydney letZ will be delivered in Melbourne during the forenoon It . has hot yet been decidedwhen the new ahanw meat shall come inta operation. ' , The" Minister of has "decided that tl, ; railway, from the. Springs -to- Wahgunyah shafi L opened fPr-'traffic on Wednesday, the 29th instant ..There will be no formal demonstration. It ia antiei pated that the linefromMurtoa to Horsham will £ ■opened about a week later. .. M Our correspondent writes:—“At this seasonohi,, year when everything is so ignitable too much car 'cannot be obrorved in lighting fires in the open ib On Wednesday, afternoon a fire was lighted outabJs . the premises of Mr Walker, wheelwright, of Newtown ( 'itconnePtibn with his. business, when the blaze meS phoricsdly .speaking.'took--wing, and sped alongth | common' despite- all. efforts -to stay it with bags anj i.faushes,.until ,at. length it died out on reachimr 1 t Staffordshire Refet road.” \ g . _ The monthly meeting of the shire council of Q r(: , ville, which was.to 'have been held on Thursday w» postponedforaweek. • , , ■" We have received a. pamphlet on the Chios, question in Australia, edited by L. Kong Mens Check Hong Cheong, and Louis ; Ah Meroy. The care [ CI the.-. Chinese is-stated-in-a forcible way, and its ( ohumed for. them that they are honest and industrimu, and that it is wrong to condemn a whole people fa .the; vices ..of ■a. few..': Excellent maxims are quoted from Mencius and Confucius, and the right to corse is -claimed-under - treaty with the British Government The publisher ia Mr Bailliere, Melbourne. The contractor for the "formation of the road is. tween Staffordshire Reef and Berringa is getting ea -very wall with the work, and when finished there wffl be an excellent road all the. way. r ; There ia some little agitation, just now in Caniski and vionity, owing, to'Mr Bartlett,'the head teacha of-. the Snake Valley State school, leaving for nona other district, and the parents'of the children thiol that they ought, to have a . first-class teacher from i first-class school in his stead, and, with this object ia 1 view; will hold a meeting in the Mechanics' InatitaU to'eipress-their views' on the subject. \- ‘ At the Linton Police Court on Thursday, before Hi Shepherd, J.P.,,in the.case of Middleton v Davidsoa, ■the,summons was extended for a mouth. Citheriai Day pleaded, guilty to being drunk and disorderly it Happy Valley, and’waa mulcted in the usual Jj a , twenty-four hours. This Was the Whole of the bnsm'ea The question’haa been raiaed at Linton howfarllr letter-carrier-has-to go from the office to’deiira letters; ■ There is no letter-carrier at Linton, hut to fee telegraph 'messenger, who has to deliver telcgna one mile "and a half from the office, and when note engaged, he delivers - letters within a radius of fig y'ardsfromthe office;,' but, this ia not incumbeotoi him. Notice to this effect is posted in the office. ,;,The..Bnninypngshire engineer has drawn atteniia i in' good-time'to asubjeot of some importance nectfon; with the making of the railway from Wand.! heip to Gordon!; He" has discovered that the pta i which the'.Goverainent is putting • across roads into. • sscted by’the line afe much too small, and where, a r :in Bungaree, sojmuch traffic ispasaiog along majjdi the roads, ;for the: way to narrow., down to abontii f feet or 13 feet would be very inconvenient. Hew; the shire council has 'rethitted the question to thefc i partment for further consideration. ... John the guard of the Mnrtoilnil| who was injured by falling therefrom oh evening, last (says, the Stawell Chronicle), sn«mald| to the effects on Wednesday morning. | Seventeen acres of Volcanic land at Mount Bana-t yoDg. belongibg to Mr Berger, were sold on Thnnij? •by Mj,P. M. Olaxton to Mr Taylor at £l6 an acre, i- The QrenvQleslure' Council have in view the biirjf ing bF the'water from-the adjacent dam into ftH township of Linton by means of a Si- inch pipe, id;: purpose, erecting two standpipes in the town-2: ■near Mr M'Fadzeahja boot warehouse, and the c'-d near tha Bank of New South Wales. The inhahitia| ■ consider that it would' also be advisable to have va\\. fire- plugs' laid down, ■ and farther utilise the watol. case of fire. '' ' ; ? The reward of £2O offered by Inspector Sewetct for the arrest, or. information which would lead tsbj arrest, of Martin Weiberg, haa been supplemented the Government, who offer an additional £3o,solid; the total reward - how offered is £5O. We/Jr,i,' leam on very good authority that the police are rJ totally ignorant of ■ the Whereabouts of t The oominissipnere of the .Melbourne Internanw,'. Exhibition.have.received a telegram from MrO.£: Levey to - the effect, that he accepted tha appoiates.’ of secretary,'aiid that he would attend to their b struotions’ to leave,Europe for Melbourne nest Uni/ The work', of advertising the. Exhibition is tfe.- vigorously prosecuted. .iOvbr 4000 copies, of the p,. gramma and regulations, were despatched onTusi?- by the' s.’s. Aconcagua, addressed to American o; European .exhibitors at the Philadelphia and Fab. Exhibitions. 1 Including thona shipped by the Mb Siam and the s.s,, Cuficb for the Agent-General c,. Mr Levey, nearly 10,000 copies have been abroad within' the last" couple of months, irrespect l .. of what has been done in the matter of distriinsn,. in the colonies.' i ..The, Illustrated Australian News for January c ■tains a number of very good engravings, includiM®/ design for a-Church of England Cathedral' in bourne.' •• - \- Return of produce • received at Ballarat £■’*;■ week ending 16th January, 1879 Wheat, i i; ' flour, 658; barley, 569; oats, 724; bran, 430; t£ ; 4396 bags. Return of produce forwarded from larat for week ending 16th January, 1879:—Pah-?. 50; onions,-5; oats, 3; barley,,2; wheat, 53; flour, W bran and pollard, 100; total, 1093 bags. ; • Major Smith ’opened a new State school Long Gully, Sandhurst, on Wednesday. InthacC'., of his utteranceS 'on tbe occasion (says the said he.purposed trying an experiment ia with “ extra subjects.” Ac .present parents * children are taught such subjects have to pV I -; •Major ;Smith says that be is going to esU®b special examination, and that all State school FJ who pass that examination shall be entitled tot .in such .extra ■ subjects, but that the State the fees, intimated that he intends v introduce next session the Melbourne Universal: 'Amendment'Bill of last session; that he P“[r;' dispensing shortly, with the services of nni teachers;: that he : is considering the beat tnej -■ establishing State school savings banks; an “ fj;; the distant future, he hopes to see model w 1 ■; established in conneotion.with tha State schoo The StaweU: Chronicle says:— “The are not confined tb Melbourne, Atnopreno . vest have so many hands , been available foe the fields, and as regards this community,»- v said that there never was before suchadeartho . ment. This was shown pretty well on^ tteS c,Lii; ing last, when there were no less than ( applicants for the position of caretaker or o hall, and a similar, story can be told of e . ,e1 7 .j' Victoria. <lf this does not mean dopressaon. s > want of money-circulation, it would “ 3 ,r l i.]i. say ,to what, other cause such a result y; assigned.” . ■ ; Y .| . . Thursday’s M, A. Mail says:—''‘Th s _ Mines, acoompanied by Major Cpucooia members of the drill committee, visited to land Reef yesterday ,to make an inspection ( into, consideration what plan shall be a the diamond drill. After taking a survey i. in the locality, Major Smith concurred m that it is desirable to teat the Cupnberlan which there is such a good opinion held.. the beat plan tb be adopted is to sink a s the,depth of 209 feet, which from the the ground that waa passed thro eg h r, c ;:, should be dohe.by.tender for about £l_ Government will pay half: the c ? at -,.. jwiul ! - thq.tdds .that are,now.stnck fast in «.A Jlfe b’o rebovered, *lt will bd remembered t , •*»* — 4»fi *« ■* tsgh^'. nuking u»the Mate " b that a ree £ is very new fMten —■ii^Dro'wi"’ ll^l meeting:' of vthe; drill -to where thelore. »»c whß „ they will come to* a committee miU be d ’*p oUn ded -by the Minister decision M ; t*f& 'Camfcfland Reef, the of 3 reserved in Wettle Gully, party drove to P this'' was "inspected by. re furnished with a deal of infer jfajor Snutn, w well . defined i; ne of reeL_ The mition about t his survey of sites, so.aato morning wa ?. d . B ™ . Minea an d Major Coachman: to. c^ to^trm9tooatch " ■. .J -i mama, was , the preaent year.:- Miss Ada Ward, “ «who bas been • frequently |by th .. «aU as the colonial preas-in general, madejto, M -f„ R trimoDy, was really to Mr, Hugh ■ S®i young artist, who: accompanied', her‘from «$; ?fe of Good Hope. -The' mamage.-was entogyj -F 7 iLteli and" both parties' toitare young; the i- aee. Although the affair was kigt Iln'dtSate tm the'last moment.'the^ppwath, of fniLtioe event got-wind,'and there was a goodly thß ,“^ Qe o{ Ullage rein the pratty.litiaechureh.-of All \- where the Rev. Mr Cass performed the ® .There were present, at the altar, besides Ward’s^trusty:-agent, .and Miss NeUm _mdham, a, well known in musical circles u Tasmania. • ff.S« o! the- bride sat in. the;,body,p£ the !o,nreh. Miss Ward, who was drested in a pale bine walking dress, looked extremely; pretty. As the wlleftthe church,-.the kindly .villagers,"who: took mwl interest in • the'affair/'strewed the aisle with, flowrs and- showered rice jover the young, couple. An- Snrnment was made to the snug Mile hotel kept; y the veteran,. Walter.. William, Harris, a fampus ■ snort and athlete, where success to the bride and !L,m was enthusiastically drunk in champagne. Mr and Mrs Fisher then drove,to Evandale, another chariine village, where they begad,;the -honeymoon, which is'now being finished in Hobart Town, “where- Mra Fisher is engaged to follow Mr Creswick at the Theatre Royal r ; ,t‘;r' ‘ J _ ;%_ The steamship Lusitania of the Orient Line, from London via Table Bay, Cape of Good Hope, passed Capa Borda at eleven o’clock on Wednesday morning and reached,Adelaide last .night.. She. may. peeled to arrive in Hobson’s Bay'on'Saturday.; The next ship of the line is “the Garonne, and.to .follow her is the far-famed ship John Elder,.a.steamer of. over 5000 tons register, andoae'of the fastest vessels' afloat' ... ..'l,.' s’; '"i .. : The Telegraph says" King’s Island, it appears, presents a ghastly; spectacle, just now. - The: steamer ll Rosedalo returned from the, island oh having taken over one section of the new iron light.: house, whiohis to be erected at Currie Harbor.- Cap. tain Anthon reports that all along the coast, near;the, spot where the British Admiral was lost, ImmaiiJ skeletons may be keen sticking out abovelfhefsand.’ It is surely not too much to ask tbit the Government sheuid gather up these'remains and see that they [are decently interred." We may add r that the hunters declare that the persons who went over in the Pharos never took the trouble to bury the bodies properly. The Daylesford Advocate says:— 1 An illustration of ' the force of imagination ia stated to' have' occurred nearhereaday or two ago. According to .'bur in formant a man named Blaekwell was working in ;the forest, and while engaged about a log a snake ep. twined itself around one of his, legs. He'shook the reptile off, and cried out that he ; had ..been, bitten by ib Those near immediately came to his-assistance, but they could not find the precise spot where the fangs had entered his .flesh, arid made all haste in : bringing him to Daylesford for medical advice, as Blackwejl persisted in saying he had been bitten; The whole parly were put into a great state of excitement; . brandy was freely administered to the patient,’ and cate was taken that he should not fall into, a state of . coma. Indeed, Blackwell, evidently, fully . believed that he had been bitten, and he', soon’ began:' to 'show the symptoms which generally arise;, from- snake poisoning; and so far had the belief worked upon bis system that when his friends bad brought ' Him as far as Comoora he collapsed, and could travel ho further. Brandy was here administered to BlackwelJ, while the two medical men were hurriedly sent fbrto attend him. On their arrival the. magnetic bpttery and other remedies were freely applied,, and a.- close examination made for the marks of the snake’s fangs, 1 ' Bo sign of a bite could be discovered, however,' and it was soon made apparent to the doctors that ; bis' sniteship had left the man untouched. - At the same ,tim% Blackwell must have bad a.'very harrow escape from being bitten.” ‘ f .... j B ,;X i ~tB . .The Herald says:'—“ The Minister of'-Public Works-' has caused to be furnished to the various municipali: ties a form of questions to be ianswered -by them, by which he will be placed in a position tq -know. the number of miles of main road in each; .'corporation, receipt of tolls, amount expended.eaph year,, amount of rate in the pound, approximate length ;of closed ..roads, and total amount received . from. Government since formation ofthe municipality,”. : V : • '.V -j ; A brutal act was oommitted between ll and 12 o'clock on Tuesday night in Chaucer; street.i It appears (says the HamUton Spectator) that at' the hour mentioned Mr and’Mra Carroll were alarmed at .hearing: their cows, which are very quiet’animals, rushing about in all directions, but were unable to' ascertain the cause. .On Wednesday .morning, how ever, one, of. the cows was discovered on.;the open space of ground below their property with a carving; knife sticking inches deep into its side. It was" evident the poor beast had succeeded in-esoaping from the scoundrels . before they. had time to fully carry out their diabolical work, or-to withdraw the weapon from the wound., Of course the police will; take the matter in hand, and, we believe,.with success, as they will have some information' to'guide.them.:No'reason can be assigned for this gross act of cruelty,'as Mr and Mrs Carroll are neighborly and quiet,; and only wish to do as they would be done by.* -.-■ : The ballet girl, Mrs Kirkham, who was so -severely burnt at the Academy of- Music;on Tuesday 'evening, is, we (Herald) regret to state, in. alowercondition, m the Hospital than she was on Wednesday.. .. ! 1 Black- trackers from- Corranderk aboriginal-station have arrived in Melbourne,^en.- route for Qippsiand, where it is anticipated (says the Herald j they will be employed in endeavoring to track Weiberg. , Home mysterious hints are, however,, dropped as,to the pos sibility of their coming across the Kellysj But the” prospect ia not a likely one. . _ Further proceedings (says Thursday's Ocelong Junes) have arisen out of the repent enquiry into'the conduct of one of the pupil teachers of Christ Church btate school. The father of the girl has served the head teacher, Mr Pye, with a writ, claiming £5OO »«i* gea for defamation of character, and. two officers eoeft WBO ' B * II P Allanahaw, with similar process for fj*. ■ eac O; Other persons who. gave evidence during, be investigation are also to be proceeded against, so the prosecutor alleges; but it is believed,to be ex tremely doubtful if the case will come into court. It is reported (says the Argus) that three mounted 106 a’ T % armed, visited Nnnawading on, Wed-j nesdayafternoon. As no one knew, anything'about them, the circumstance, in the present state of the public mind regarding the Kelly gang, naturally ooca oned some talk. , A mounted trooper , was . sent’ but, ut his report had not been received last night. ; Cobb and Co.’s coaches wiU in future leave Lome Saturdays at 10 a,m., in lieu of Sundays at. m ' j ? eD 8 ers tnay rely upon obtaining superior ommodation at Mountjoy’s boarding establishment,'. PaW? 8110 or “ e hotel Passengers are oonveyed by tobb and Cos. to either house, ■ . Mim Hosina Carandini this morning announces in pnn-o J ertlS ‘ D 8 columns that she will give two grand \r, rtB . ™ Wednesday and Thursday, at the' fnll n m- niCB n . Bt rtute, when she will be assisted'by the crtiates:—Mdlle. Olga Duboin, Miss Alice i Mr Elton Glover (the basso), and Signor bimßplc rton ’ “ e “'ebrated violinist, whb.establiahed form:!!. hwm* lB a, short time ago when per nrlrw. ® Willetts’ concert. The admission' Lnppi'^f 9 Bt ? a ’ be seen by the adyertiaiement, taken : { ten ths quality of the entertainment is when into consideration. . ■ wil ) be pW®d on the Eastern .Ovali to-" ekmn rS eD D??p. at 11 between,the second (from rL thB i B ' ? n ! i el ®. ven .° £ RohiUas O.Ci' the R ooesJ. The. following players will represent Batem^n^ Oji-Mesars Antis, Bryant, W. J, Brown,: Taylor , Da ? y * Fer S ua “ n > L a W,. Bohillaa ir ; T he following players will represent the Jessun ’ T^ : ' M “ ara Conndon, Downes, Henderson,- Wflfia P i 80D ' d0D ’ PitChOT ( 3 )» Treloar . and Satordat he_ played on the Eastern: Oval oh tecond at II o’clock, between the, C.a Tha B • C • C • and eleven of the Egerton ' -Mcss« pin are the respective teams:--B,C.C. Thomnaon ql ’ ( Fleld > Franklin, Johnston,' Duff. 7 , ■ ay * ■ Lewis, and Messrs Rc-n n rton team be .'Belected from DovmW y M o^°n m £ b l U ’ Meaeie *.- ; Hicks..*Cnrnow.. Whitford', and mW Hoak6 °.' Cricket^QwMd^ 1 matot will be played:bn (she Haddbp. an eleven torn o«w een . an eleven o£ 'that club indu wiU wnskt J « topo1 * J ha teini'M'thb former Binder, JWi* n.v l l? aa , ra , Banders, Blakie, Burke, Stevenjonl^ 618 2 1 Brown « s P InkB » Campbell, 