Wfyt HapuitUa fSferaUu FRIDAY, JULY 25, 1879. BBEACH OF PBOMISE CASES. We are very glad to find by the English papers that action has recently been taken in the British. Parliament which foreshadows a speedy termina tion of that class of actions which we have named in the heading of this article. As a rule the cases of this kind which come before a jury are not those which most deserve sympathy, being almost purely sensational in their character. The! motion to .which we refer was lpored by Mr. Herschell, and was worded as iollows:—" That, the opinion, of this House, actions for breach of promise cases ought to abolished, except in cases where actual pecuniary loss has been occa sioned by such breach of promise, the damage being limited to such pecu niary loss." This motion was carried by a majority of forty-one out of 171 votes recorded. Of course this anima tion of the principle does not alter the present law, and it may even be some time before a Bill to give effect thereto is introduced; nor does it follow that such Bill when introduced would be carried, for there might be differences of opinion on matters of detail which would influence adversely the votes of some hori. members. But the carrying of- this motion affords in several directions matter for con gratulation. In the first place it shows that sounder views are gaining ground in regard to matrimonal cases, and that there is a>desire to do away with the merely sensational. We must not be misunderstood as wishing to undervalue the sacredness which should attach to a promise of marriage, but what we do object to is that the Talue of such a promise, and the wounded feelings caused by its non- fulfilment, should be weighed arid compensated for by the allowance of so many pounds sterling as a healing salve. We quite agree that men, whose privilege it is to ask, should fully make up their minds before they offer "to; endow • with themselves and all their worldly goods some fair dam sel. But there is such a thing, if we may believe mothers with marriage able sons, as female angling; ladies by i means of fluctuating demeanour con triving at times to draw poor uusus peeting young men. on to a declaration • quite unexpectedly to. themselves, and often long before they are really in a position^ to" xmd&t;&ke; "the cases and responsibilities 'of1 married life; and if sometimes those who hat&e; thus pro posed in haste repent at leisure, can it be said that the maidens, who in such cases find themselves forsaken, are altogether blameless ? No. And yet in nine cases out of ten, especially if the fair plaintiffs were young and good-looking, theywould in a Court of Law succeed in obtaining a verdict against those whom they themselves had artfully led on to the proposals thus broken. There seems to us to be something altogether absurd in the idea of mending a broken heart by the administration of so many pounds sterling, or by attempting to bind it with a plaster miade up of so many bank notes. . Surp^y- marriage should be regarded in a higher and purer light than that. We venture to say there is a great number of wives, and for that matter husbands too, where the nuptial tie was hastily and thought lessly contracted, who would give a great deal if they could only manage to get that knot undone. And on either side it were better even at the very last moment to decline to carry out an engagement, rather than ratify it when both heart arid judgment warn either that the tie will not be a hallowed and happy one. Marriage j is not a, mere joining together to tread I over life's pleasant paths hand in hand—that were easy enough for two who only liked each other- It also involves meeting together the trials which are the lot of all below, and if when the time of adversity comes there is not mutual love "and esteem, pitiable indeed is the lot of those who though nominally one are really two, for they will assuredly verify the old proverb that a house divided against itself cannot stand. It may be asked what has all this to do with breach of I promise cases. We reply that in very many instances both young men and maidens who have found out their mistake whilst there was yet time to rectify it, have nevertheless fulfilled their wongfnl engagement because of the liability they would run, if they did which that was right, of forming the laughing-stock in an action of this kind, of having letters written for one eye alone read aloud in Court and published in the newspapers to afford merriment to thousands. And thus, being afraid to face one definite evil, they risk a still greater though more indefinite misery—that misery which must result when two unequal souls are yoked together in a bond from which only the death of one can set the other free. We are not at all sure but that some portious of the Press are greatly to blame for the full publicity whieh they give to cases of this kind. It may be necessary tliat letters between the parties should be re^d in such actions as those which we hope soon to see abolished, in order to show clearly to the jury that they were really affianced, but there surely is no necessity that these should be printed for the de lectation of the outside world. And what makes it worse is, that as a rule the letters thus selected for publica tion are those written under the in fluence of that sort of temporary in sanity which some persons work themselves into, and dignify by the name of love. We suppose those portions of the Press to which we specially refer would reply that they do but supply what the public taste' demands; and we must confess that the experience of most pressmen is that no paper ever sells so well as that in which there is some scandal case - reported. If proper views of the importance and«solemnity of marriage prevailed there would be fewer breaches of promise ; but of those which do occur we venture to say it is not by any means those of the most heartlesB character which usually find their way into Court, seeing that it requires a somewhat unfeminine cast of character to enable the aggrieved one to bring herself to appear into Court for the purpose of setting a high market value on her discarded affections. No ; far the worst cases on either side are borne in silence. Unfortunately there are male and female flirts, whose sole object appears to be to win the affec tions of those of the opposite sex, and then trample them under foot. Actions for breach of promise of marriage i afford no safeguard against these. [ They need putting down in a very different manner. "We are greatly inclined to think that veiy many broken promises in relation to matrimony are due to the unsuitable places in which young folks seek their partners, at balls, parties, and such like, whereas the real place to judge of one's true character is the domestic circle. She who is a good daughter and a good sister, helpful to the suffering and kind to the sorrow ful, who takes pleasure in home duties, and is ever neat and tidy about her person, is far more likely to prove a good wife, and valuable helpmeet, than one whose attractions consist mainly in a graceful form, a pretty face, or whose excellencies are chiefly saltatory or vocal; and so also with regard to young men—it is not he who pays most attention to dress, or who shines most conspicuously at parties or pic nies who is likely to make the best husband. He who has been a good son and a good brother, who is in dustrious, frugal, and studious, will hardly fail if he obtain a .proper part ner, to be a true and loving husband. If both sides exercised due care before committing themselves to an engage ment, and remembered that that love only can be permanent which is founded oil eBteem and. respect, there would be fewer breaches of promise antecedent to the proposed nuptial tie—fewer broken hearts and miserable homes after. The Budget Speech.—On Tuesday last the Treasurer intimated that he would deliver the Budget Speech on Tuesday, August 5. Db. Schombubgk.—We regret to learn that Dr. Schomburgk has suffered a severe bereave ment, his wife having died yesterday. _ Ciro Sebvice Saxabies.—Mr. Hare has given notice that contingent on the Estimates being submitted by the Treasurer he will move that a reduction of 10 per cent, be made on all salaries in excess of £200 per year. Kapunda Hospital.—The Secretary re ports as follows for the fortnight ending 14th July:—Admitted, 3 ; discharged, 1; died, 2; remaining in the Hospital, 7—males 4, females 3. Kapunda Hospital.—We understand that the Government have given instructions that a waterworks, main shall be carried up to the Kapunda Hospital, and that it is their inten tion to place a fireplug on each side of the building. The Bbands Act Repeal Bill.— Mr. West-Erskine has succeeded in carrying the second reading of this Bill by a majority of eleven ; but subsequently the repealing Bill was by the casting vote of the speaker referred to a Select Committee. Wateb Supply tob Gawlee.—In reply to Mr. Basedow the Commissioner of Public Works stated on Tuesday that as soon as the present experiments has been completed, and the Hydraulic Engineer has decided as to the best means of effecting the supply, provision will be made for carrying out the work. Supply Bill.—On Tuesday a Supply Bill for £400,000 to defray the cost of the public service for the three months ending September 30, 1879, was passed through all its stages in the Assembly, and transmitted to the Council, where it was read a first and second time, the third reading taking place on Wednesday. The Dog Bill.—Mr. Bright's measure was shelved on Wednesday, Mr. Coglin's motion that the Chairman leave the chair whilst the Bill was being considered in committee, having been carried by a majority of two. | Mr. Moody voted for and Mr. White against the motion; Mr. Shannon not being present his vote was not given. So far as townships l are concerned the untimely fate of the Bill is certainly to be regretted. The City Cricketing- Oval.—According to the City Solicitors, the South Australian Cricketing Association have no right to use the Oval for football, or any game other than cricket, without in each instance obtaining special permission from the City Council. Point Macleay Mission.—Mr. F. W. Tapliii has been appointed Acting-Superin tendent in his deceased father's stead, and the aboriginal school still continues to be carried on by Mr. P. A. Ophel. Adelaide Cur Mission.—The annual meeting of this Society held on Monday even ing last was a great success. His Excellency 1 the Governor occupied the chair. This organi- i zation has been very useful in mitigating the i distress so prevalent of late, the senior t missionary, Mr. Berry, being a most invalu- ; able friend to the poor. Opening of the Eudunda Telegbaph Station.—This station was opened on Tues day last, when amongst other complimentary ] messages one was sent to His Worship ihe t Mayor of Kapunda from Mr. Shannon, M.P., s the Chairman of Neales District Council, and c other leading residents in Eudunda, which t was suitably replied to by His Worship, t Telegraph, communication has been long s needed between Eudunda and the northern . townships. e Tse District Court Bills.— This c measure was read a second time in the Assem bly on Tuesday. The Attorney-General con fessed that the title of the Bill was a somewhat unhappy one, and mentioned that with the exception of Mr. Bake well (the draftsman), no one but the members ,of ^te?^^?erninent had. seen the measure :betcn&|u t was laid onil the table of theJ^House. ME5]R^s jnade a long speech against; the measuf|j% M^Dawner also made a lengthy speech si^geati&ie;'-certam axfipridpents; ggr \ The'Atoca Gold Robbe^—Retrial of Wieberg and Pearce for this cel&brated; robbery was concluded in Melbourne on Tuesday afternoon. Wieberg was sent?mced _,td fire years' imprisonment, and Pearce (as "an acces sory after the fact) to one year's imprison ment. GOVEBNMENTFn* —Mr. Bray on Tuesday gave notice he would move on Thursday that. the Government' agreement with the Associated Banks bfi laid on the table of the House. The Treasurer -said that personally-he—belit?ved ■ it -wotrid "be unwise to carry, such a motion, buthewould consult his colleagues, and state their opinion1 of Thursday. The. gentlemen whp at present were aware of the terms of" fhe agreement knew.it confidentially, and would not divulge it, so" that the fact of their knowing it was no reason why the agreement should be laid be fore the House. Football.—An inquest was held recently at Talbot to enquire into the death of Mr. It. Crooks; jun., who died froni injuries received at a football match. As it was shown the game was carried on with no greater rough ness than was inseparable from the game, a verdict of accidental death was returned. It must be remembered that in Victoria, slinging, which' is the most dangerous feature o,f the game as played in this colony, is prohibited. A Ghostly Story.—A writer in Mayfair, in discussing the subject of the existence of ghosts, relates an extraordinary story, which he says has made him believe in ghosts ever since he heard it, but makes him qualie at the thought of them. Here is the- story :—'A young Frenchman who had: lost his betrothed on the eve of marriage believed he saw.her every night in her bridal dress. ■ His" friends to show Mm the folly of his -belief dressed a twin sister of the deceased in a'dress precisely similar and placed her, at the head of the widowed bridegroom's bed exactly at the hour the spirit came. He fookedup, and crying out, " Ah ciel! en voila deux!"' fell back dead onhis pillow. Queensland, Pohtics.—The life of a Queensland politician is not all sunshine and pleasure. We note by our exchanges t.Haf. at a recent meeting held at the School of Arts, Ipswich, to censure the policy of tlie Government, and the conduct of one of.ftheir own representatives (the Hon. J. M. Thomp son), the Hon. W. Killett, M.lj.A., was pre sent, and attempted to speak in support of Government, but the meeting would not hear him, and a body of police had to surround him on the platform to prevent his being mal treated when he took to calling the audience a mob of ruffians ; and at the close of the meeting he had to obtain the aid of a de tachment of police to "escort him to a neigh-" boring hotel, where his buggy awaited Kim Adelaide Steamship Company. —^ We learn by the balance-sheet of this Company that the net earnings of the steamers for the year ending June 30 have been £15,741 4s. 4d. Of this the cost of management absorbed £1,851 12s. Id., and the dividend paid in January £3,956 17s. 6d. Of the £10,607 5s. 8d. remaining, £5,937 7s. 6d. will be de voted to a dividend of 5 and bonus of 2\ per cent, for the half year, the balance (£4.669 18s. 2d.) being earned to depreciation account, to provide for new boilers, &c.; The three steamers are reported to be in a thoroughly efficient and serviceable cjondition. Protection op, .Life Insurances,—In. , -the Bill now before Parliament i*-- Ib propoaad to exempt life insurances from liability to be levied on under insolvency, &c.;, on the follow ing scale. 2fo policy to be protected unless it has been in force two years, after which period protection shall be afforded to the ex tent of £200; after five years to the extent of £500; after seven years to the extent of' £1,000, and after ten .years to the extent of £2,000. In the matter of annuities the pro tection is to accrue only to the benefit of the annuitant in respect "to the amount payable after the annuitant has reached 50 years of age, and in no case for the benefit ^of any assignee of the assured^ Cornish Belief Fund.—The final meet ing of the Kapunda Committee was held on Tuesday evening in the Council Chamber, the Mayor (Mr. Joseph fiowett) presiding.; The total amount of subscriptions received to date amounts to £311 2s. lcL, of this £300 has been remitted. It was pointed out that there were yet a list or two to come in, and it was resolved that as soon as these were re ceived, and all the expenses paid, the Mayor should remit the balance to the Cornwall Committee. A sum erf three, guineas was voted to Mr. J. H. Hine for services as Secre tary, it having been, pointed out that Mr. Hine had done a large amount of extra work in forwarding the objects of the Committee. It was resolved to publish the subscription list in the Kapunda Serald, and a vote of thanks was passed to the proprietors of that" journal for their offer to publish the list of subscribers of 5s. and upwards free of charge, and for their advocacy of the, cause of the distressed in Cornwall. A vote of thanks was also passed to the Mayor for the" interest he had taken in, the cause and to the Secretary, and the meeting closed. The result of the appeal is most creditable to the people of Kapunda and the district. Circuit Courts.—These Courts in the; South-East appear to be exceedingly and needlessly expensive. - Fifteen Courts have been held from April 1872 to April 1879, at which 149 cases in all were heard, at a cost to the countiy (exclusive of the official salaries) of £4,338 16s. 2d., an average of £29 2s. 4d. per case. Taking the Courts in order as they were held, two each year, we find that in 1872 eight cases were heard at an average cost per case of £18 12s. 9d.} and eight at an average of £23 4s. 4d. In 1873 the first Court was the cheapest of any, ■» iz., twenty-two cases at an average of £8 12s. Id., whilst at the second six cases cost each £33i8s. 3d. In 1874 thirteen cases averaged £15 7s. each, and six cases £34 8s. In 1875 ten cases averaged £22 12s. 9d. each, and fourteen cases £23 6s. In 1876 twelve cases averaged £17 15s. each, and three cases reached the maximum of £83 7s. 3d. each. In 1877 eleven cases averaged £32. 7s. 9d. each, and thirteen cases £43 16s. In 1878 the average cost of ten cases was £48 lis. 7d., and of eight cases £57 16s. At the Court held in April of the present year five cases1 were heard at an average cost of £63 Is. each. Verily these Courts are just so many "expen sive outings for the Judges and suites. If the , Districts Courts Bill passes care will have to be taken to name a fixed allowance for travelling expenses. In October 1877 the coach bill alone cost £368, and at three sue-: ceeding Courts this item has amounted to" £229, £235, and £177 respectively. A Queensland Magistrate Summarily Dismissed.—Some surprise was felt (says the Brisbane WeeJc) at, the announcement that Mr. Sachs, formerly manager of the Australian Joint Stock Bank at Townsville, had. been - summarily discharged fropi the commission of the peace. The rule is that when a magis trate commits an offence rendering him liable to dismissal he is called upon to resign, the alternative being the issue of a supersedeat. The opportunity of resigning not having been afforded to Mr. Sachs, some interest was ex cited as to the nature of his offending. It appears that on May 9 he was summoned by Mr. Sharkey, surveyor (formerly laud com missioner at Bowen and elsewhere), for as sault and battery. A few days previously, as Mr. Sharkey was coming out of the Australian Joint Stock Bank at Townsville, Mr. Sachs accosted him, accused him of having scanda lized him about the town, and of having asso ciated his name with several ladies, concluding by intimating his intention of horsewhipping the plaintiff. This he forthwith proceeded to do, but after he had inflicted two blows on Mr. Sharkey's head the latter wrested the whip from him, and reversed the order of flagellation. A plea of not guilty was pUfc in, but the defendant's solicitor stated that justification could have been established if it were not that in doing so the names of inno ^ - ooTQro ■cue The bench, under the circumstances, Tiad to|nfliet a penal ty-; .'h^icfe the action^&f; the *6to-verrfment. ItSKiT fe%bsenM Sat the usual high-handed style of the Govern offered Mo chanpp'ofi explaining* or resigning. He liftsi Tjeeri .tif —*—1 *■' * , _ — out <Withoirt ia ■ hearing. We hope political motives-will not be found to" Kc at IcTaon'of "ffie Government! " ' ' f CoMPDISOEr EDUCATfOIT;—This distljefc having heen in December last declared ipider the provisions of the compulsory, .-clauses (though the Board of Advice resolved riot fco enforce them in the Corporation at that HmpV the Superintendent : School. .Visitors /Mr. Vocking) and another Visitor (Mr.Waidell) have been up making enquiries^ in, relation to those children on the school roll whobavenot attendecLthe mirmmum number -of days_(3a) required by the Act, Asalsoin regardto those children of school-going age /who are naf at tending any school. In respect to the former class of cases the Superintendent gave notice .to 33 fathers. whose children had been most irregular in their i,ttendanefc->-t6 bfcpktr before the Local'Boardof Advice to explain the cause of such irregularity. Twelve it£ these, representing .fifteen children, appeared. In. ^ majority of cases illness, personal or relative, was the^eause pleadedl, whilst in one or two the difficulty of paying the schdDl fees had^ been the * obstacle. This aftenfoon a number of -parents whiose children of 'school going .age are not attending any school have notice to appear before the Board, to show cause why they should not be' summoned ^for a breach of the Act, underwhich the mini mum fine for each-child in the first <jase is £1 and Gourt fees. "Undeb the Ybeaotuh;"—'" Attfeus " writing in the Ueaiet Tinder the "above head ing says - c<Sir "Samuel Wilson, as every.^ono knows, has been repeatedly chaffed for paying too much for, his knighthood, so the bright idea occurred to him thai he would gefcihe honorary degree of D.C.L. from the.Fniversity .of Oxford as a make-wejght. v Armed with letters'"of introduction tiqth Mr" Rank* Buck land, he-Went down Id Oxford and commenced a personal .canvass thereof the memher of the council. At one house where he went he told his host that he owned (?) four million acres of land and had forty thousand-miles of five wire ."fencing on his property.' - '3iut, ./Sir Samuel,' said his host,' what -claims hare'you to the degree of D.C.L. ?I Claims, sir! I consider that a man who has given £30,000, as I have, to the University of Melbourne^ ean demand the degree of IKC.B. as,a right.' ' Well, Sir Samuel,, the best advice 3; can ^tve you is to . leave Oxford at once, and not to speak on the subject to any human beings or you may lose any chance -you might hare.' Mot disheartened- by ' this BebnfE, Sir Samuel went to other members, with the rei&ltf; of making himself the laughing-stock of Oxford. One man sent him a message that he had better give £1,000 apiece to the members of the Council if he wished'them to consider; his case." Luid. Lesisiahok—-Wefind tfie Queens land people ape, exercised ..jfrst. now at ike-, proposal of the Government to dispbse v*of a\ block of twenty thousand acres of fine agri cultural land at Ailora -without -enforcing the usual condition of personal residence, "Which ^has in that colony been found-to-be tm. It isAiigefL that as a settler, hithertp could not even get the deeds for~V :ston$- waterless section of eighty acres unless fta jv^ed on it, it is not fair to offer this largje'biofck oil other conditions. The article in the' Toowoomha Chronicle which refers to this., points out that there is also likely to be Mi the market 50,000 acres of land, taken up some time back by a squatter, now- deceased, under the pre emptive rights clauses, at an average cost nofc. feeding IGa. per, acre. .Oil ttes land, which does not appear to have been infbcoYed, the banks have advanced £9O,O0o7andthe London woolbrokbrs £14,000—that'is upwards of £2 . per acre, or four times the original purchase money./,Qualified'valuators state two-thirds of t h e lan d to be worth from £2 10s. to £3 per acre, whflst onfe-thirdfe valued at £4 per acre,' some of' it having already been spld at more than £6., This is how the land, "the real capital of the colony, is.said to have been getting into the hands the squatters in the past for a merely nominal sum; and apparently fears are entertained lest the lands in Ailora should .be sold at an equally unremuneratiye price to fciose 4ho will never use them for agricultural purposes Suitdat Maim. — Thb -Hon. J. Fisher brought forward a motion in the Legislative Council on Tuesday, to the effect that when the English mail arrives on Saturday "night or Sunday morning, a clerk should- be in: at tendance at the General Post-office from one till two on Sunday afternoon to deliver their letters to any persons inkking application therefor. The motion was negatived by a majority of seven Votes" out of fifteen. On the, "whole we are glad it was bo, for though undoubtedly there are' exeepitidrial' CMes in which such delivery would be Wgresjfboon there can be but little doubt that it would shortly lead to Sunday being devoted to ' the consideration of important business letters and we firmly believe that six' days in the week are fully sufficient fdr business pursuits, looking at' the question from a physicial point of view, let alone from a religious standpoint. Moreover,. Mr. Fisher says that but few per sons would apply and that one clerk cculd dp the work in an hour. We 'rather fancy he attempts to prove too much, for if there would be so few applicants -the boon is but' little needed. We think, however, that the number of applicants would fee larger, ant is the mails more often than not arrive- On Saturday night or Sunday motning the poor Post-office clerks would 'eventually lose alto gether their day of rest, ni6re especially- if under the fortnightly1 eontraet the steamjen, still eontinne to'arrive as a role on Saturday San4flJ morning. We note that the Ghief Secretary stated that any person expecting newB of importance conld get his letters delivered to him on a Sunday. "We wonder who is to' be the judge as - to the character and extent of the importance. A' business man might say a mail leaving on Monday it was important he should get his letter^ to reply thereto.: - i The J&i;&eision; should be limited to letters bf a/persm&l; Gr domestic character. :- -T |.-j : /, ^■VlSIT OF - THE GeELOITG^; FOOTBALLERS. - When it was first known thnt ai football team fAus Mbralis%)Sseme i, .* r* -l ... r ^ twutghrB against various clnba in AdeUide, one or two members of the iocal- team suggested that it would not be a bad idea to invite the visitors ,to_play a match at. Kapunda. , After due con sideration it wis decided to^ do st», virious gentlemen in tlie township promising if it could be arranged both pecuniary support and (in order to make the affair a success) they* • jia&aence; in keeping the day appointed as a general holiday. A general meeting of the whole Club was called, at which there was a fair-attendance of members, the Secretary in tiie meantime having writen to the Secretaries of the South Australian Football Association for information respecting the proposed -visit of the Geelong football team. At the meet ing in question, the Secretary informed those present why he had convened the meeting, < <and stated that in reply to his letter Mr. It. Whitfield had written intimating that if pos sible he would endeavour to make the neces jBaiy arrangements on the arrival of the agent of the team. The members were unanimous on the. desirability of the attempt being made, and mention was made, that although the local team were hardly ambitious enough to .aspire to defeating the illustrious visitors, they ' would doubtless learn some "wrinkles" in the game that would amply repay for the trouble and .expense they would be put to. On. the arrival of the team in Adelaide a letter was received from Mr. Gr. Stephens, the Sfecretary, expressing regret that owing to .their.limited, stay in South Australia they would be unable to play a match at Kapunda, but stating that probably on one of their off . days a portion of the team would visit this 1 township. Nothing more was thought of the matter, but on Wednesday shortly before 11 o'clock a telegram waa received by the Secre ■tary from Mr. Stephens informing him that somfe of the members of the Geelong team would'be Tip by the midday train. As it • wanted only two hours and a tmlf to the time* oftheir arrival, instant action was necessary, and the Secretary communicated with .other - members of the local club, and arrangements were "made to give the visitors'as warm a. re ception as the shortness of the notice per mitted. On the arrival of the midday train .: .they were received by the Club's representa tives and a few residents, and after tlie neces sary introductions were conducted to the . North Kapunda Hotel, where they were re- ■ ;cearcd and welcomed to Eapuhda by His - Wdiffllup the Mayor (Mr. J. Rowett) and" . several leading townspeople. After a short delay the whole company]sat down lo]a hastily' prepared but substantia lunch provided by • Host Criase, His Worship the Mayor presiding, 1supiported:bri his light by Mr. J. Sandilands, 'J th?^ice-Captain of the visitors, and on his Ifeft' by Mr;/J. McLaren, the Captain of the local dab. After due justice had been done to the things provided, and the Chairman having made a few remarks, Mr. J". Elliott, J;PJ, - proposed the health of the visitors coupling with it the name of the Vice-Captain He said it was with much pleasure he wel comed their gallant visitors that day, but re gretted' that the negotiations to arrange a match with the local club had failed for one or two reasons; one twas thai owing to their successes of late the local team were inclined to be a littLe conceited and as he strongly believed in the benefits arising from ; .a' defeat now; and again, he did not fHinl very unlikely that they, the Geelong team "holding the position of premier • club in the colonies, would have defeatad them properly ; on the same principle he regretted that their visitors had not met with defeat at the hands of some of the Adelaide clubs. He con gratulated them on tiieir -position, and then called on the company-; to drink the toast he had proposed. The toast having beenheai tily drunk, Mr. SandHands responded, thanking them "for the heartiness with whic'i it was drunk, and rebtarEed that the Vin<WPg they were then receiving was only a repetition of the warm reception they had received in Ade laide since their arrival. With reference to a match with, the local club, he hinnwlf re gretted that it could not be arranged, but owing to their short stay in South. An«tgSir«. itf was quite impossible. He again thinked for the kindnesa they had receivedl^Mr.: ^ "She Vice-Presidejit of the sSBoresptmded, remarking that he was! . |fteasM%0*<£sb mfcnyjpll faces togethe^L^l he feltthatitwo old-have been very ungrate ful ■ of- him- if he had not revisited th&$bfana where he had spent several (happy yearp of his life, and where he had so many friends. On behalf of the Geelong Football Clubhs thanked them for, the find reception they had given them. ' Mr. Sandilands proposed the health of the local club, to which Mr. J7 McLaren responded, regretting that more notice -had not "been given of their intended visit, in order that they might have received them as they would have liked. The health of the Chairman -having been proposed and responded to, 'the gathering broke-- up, and the visitors were conducted over the Institute, Model School, Mr. . Cameron's factory, iand other places, .and the time was Otherwise agreeably spent till the train started for Ade laide. At the Hail way StatioD cheers were given for both Clubs, and the visitors started on their return. journey, evidently much pleased with their up-country trip. 