LECTURE ON SPIRITUALISM. - A The Rev. Mr. S torio delivered on Sunday evening in St. Andrew's Church the first of a series of lectures, in which he proposes to deal with ''Spiritualism in its present, its past, and its future developments." Notwithstanding the in- clemency of the weather, - there was a very large congregation. He took as a text Isaiah vin. 19; and then proceeded to say that he did not consider that the prevailing tendency towards what had been named Spiritualism, was to be in any way arrested by the exposing of a few of the clover tricks such as table rapping, rope tying, and cabinet mysteries employed by some of its loss principled advocates to bring its weird and mystic associations into closer contact with the superstition of rougher minds. Its faith had attained too vital and deep a hold, and its prevalence was too wide to be exploded, or even seriously affected by the most clever demonstrations of more vulgar fraud. He had studied this subject long in many of its phases, and was satisfied that this longing to pry into the future, to be in contact with spiritual beings empowers external to ourselves,yotlower than divine; and, drawn by affection or curiosity, to hold communion with the dead, was so powerful to the human breast, so contagious in its influence, and so dangerous to the moral and religious character, that he felt constrained to take the present occasion, while discussion was astir, to deal publicly, and in some detail, with this new development of Spiritualism its manifestations, its character, and its dangers-not in the way of contemptuous scepticism, but in the light of inspired warnings bearing on these days, and of the dread judgments which had smitten its full blown in- equities in the ages past. The facts and manifestations he would have to state, he was willing to face as possibly true, and to treat the most startling and mysterious as fairly substantiated. They were so in the belief of millions. In the United States alone there were from 5 to 15 millions of Spiritualists, millions more were counted in England and in Europe ; there were 50,000 in the city of Paris ; in" the city of Lyons upwards of 10,000; in the Australian colonies and in India, the belief and 'practice were widely spread; last-y oar more than 10,000 of its victims were inmates of mad- houses. They had now an extensive literature in all the languages of Europe, and many names standing high in science and in sense might be counted among those who at least accepted the facts in whatever way they might understand or explain them. The lecturer then stated that the rise of this mode of incantation, rose in America, and dated July from the year 1848, when the two Fox girls, one of 12 the other of 6 years of age, having heard certain mysterious tappings in their sleeping room, had devised a means of communication with the author of those noises, and could got answers which they understood to mean yes, or no. The neighbours came together and elicited the communication that these mysterious sounds came from the spirit of a murdered pedlar and the bones of that man were found buried five feet deep in the cellar. From this the new excitement spread, and continued to spread till it reached its present gigantic dimensions. The manifestations, have taken many forms sounds of every kind, heavy bodies raised into the air, ' mediums released, writings and drawings produced by invisible hands, musical instruments sounded, luminous appearances presented 1 hands, faces, entire human figures covered with flowing draperies ¡ those draperies had been at times examined., and pieces cut off', which in a short time melted away'; flowers, too. which, at first fresh and fragrant, have soon faded and vanished. These were affirmed to be mere temporary and transient forms, produced by the spirits for test or recognition by friends. All the marvels of clairvoyance too had been claimed for these spiritual agencies. But what to the lecturer seemed in its connection most significant was the claim now advanced that these invisible beings, spirits of the dead or demons, had' secured or invented the power to manufacture for themselves material bodies, by drawing into union with themselves the small manorial particles exhaled from, the human breath or body, and floating in the heated atmosphere of crowded rooms, and to hold this body for a time, until it melted away. The looturcrtlienwcntnntqsaythal|thoso 24 inces, though often described as mere scenes of childish, impish, or even indecorous frivolity and folly, hada deeper mean- ing; were disturbing the minds of men were bringing back some from scepticism to superstition, were shaking the faith of others in the revelations of Divine truth, and were advancing those teachings by which, the power of this world was adYanq,jn,g that apostasy from Christ in which, the present dispensation was to terminate. These now revelations from the spiritual world denied the miraculous truth, the true Godhead, and the redeeming work of Christ. They affirmed that He was the Great Medium, that there was no personal Holy Ghost, that " Jesus is the Father, and that man and woman, in the everlasting condition of marriage, are the Soul and Spirit." There were indications, indeed, that they were even now advancing so far as to deny the existence of a Living, Personal, and Ruling God and that the time was near when " we shall transfer to the commonwealth of things that loving allegiance which we were wont to render to the Great King." Inrospectto prayer, "even those which are presented to the Most High may depend for their answer on the interposing influence of sympathising demons." We were being taught, besides, by those Hpiritvnlists, that disembodied spirits cangiveadvico äiidguidanco both in respect to this and to the future life and to them we were directed to look in every per- plexity, either of present duty or religious faith. An Italian Count was named as being in commune cation every day, and in every emergency of life with his dead mother ; the English barrister finds that his dead sister never fails him in every difficulty of life, great or small. A great financier finds every difficulty set right by the interposition of his dead son, The countries were being flooded, too, with revelations as to the state and occupations of the dead ; many simply vapid, childish, and poetical; as to the mansions, the temples, the flowers, the lessons of guardian angels to the halls of wisdom, the beautiful horses that come to the young ladies for them to ride on. But those generalities were by no means the most serious of these demoniacal revels lations. The Bible doctrine that now is the accepted time, the only season of probation, was entirely set aside by these false messengers ; they were providing the answer to that awful question s"How shall we escape if we neglect the present salvation The liqw theology as to the state of the dead was tins;--''¡The spirits dwelt in variousrogions; the unhappy in places of darkness and misery beyond the power of man's imagination to conceive, There they remain until repentance for sin begins to awaken. They. their desire light, which is immediately vouchsafed their, and the blackness with which they are surrounded becomes rather less dense. Spirits, of higher grade tray thou be listened to, when they strive by teaching to strengthen the repentant feelings" ctg. " There are seven spheres of more or less light and seven degrees in each a radiance surrounds each spirit of more or less brilliancy, according to the sphere they have reached. Spirits in the two lower spheres have no radiance." In many of these communications, spirits, representing themselves as denizens of the higher spheres, have narrated their descents into the lower in order to awaken, and help the repentant. 'J'hp Ga.SH' W'1'?!1 they preach, was not, how.ev.er, that Gospel'iii'Christ which was declared to be " the power of God unto salvation ; " but, so far as he had read, consisted merely of admonitions to the sinful to repent, to look up to God, in which case they would be drawn upwards to him and then to do what they could for those around there. He had, never in his reading met with one reported instance of a spirit entering these spheres of darkness with the messagefronjGod "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and i thou shalt be saved.'' He certainly found many statements as to the appearing to the re- pendant of lights, which gradually took the shape of crosses and instructing angels were often introduced with flaming crosses in their hands, "But I have been told," said one writer, by my spirit guide, that the crosses, as given in the messages, are a sign of the truth of the message, and the holiness of the spirit. An evil spirit cannot give the' sign of the cross !" The lecturer said he had more to add, and of more appalling character still, as to those demoralising teachings from the dark world outside of this but those he would connect more naturally with the subject he proposed next Sabbath evening to discuss. It was an astounding fact that these mediums had almost all been brought up within the bosom of the Christian Church and there was no more startling and radical qppqs(t|qn to be, friend between the ino?); diverse religious creeds than that between the beliefs in which the majority of those had been educated, and the doctrines as to a future lifonowboing delivered through them, "Hero s this new thing in our midst," says one of their ablest writers, " that is destined to put a new soul into belief, and usher in a new resurrection day. It is like we toll ing the grim, black thunder clouds, mounting the deadoalmsky, with a deliberate haste that makes you hold your breath till they touch the sharp edge of each other." And believing, as he intended to prove, that these mediums were influenced by an organised band of spirits from the kingdom of Satan in which, though love might be wanting, there would be no lack of unity, he should expect the teachings of all to point in the same direction that is to reduce the various teachings of religion to that dead level of superstition and Paganism which must to some extent be accomplished before the girl at apostasy, headed by the last Antichrist, could town without a rival our Christendom and the world. If lost spirits were thus openly active in the midst of us, who could wonder at the general excitement which was already beginning to unsettle the world ; the rapid and unexpected succession of events, the threatening growth of armies and fleets ; the strange philosophies and creeks springing upon every side ; the spread of discontent, insubordination and carelessness ; the selfishness, dishonesty, unscrupulousness, immorality and the other signs of evil energy actuating and degrading the li vol of men. It is almost needless to state that the Feature evidenced much ability and research, and is calculated to prove a powerful weapon against the spread of the pernicious evils of Spiritualism. At the conclusion of the lecture, which was longer than it is proposed that subsequent lectures of the series shall e the Rev. Mr. Storie announced that the subject he would treat of next Sunday evening would be " Spiritualism as viewed and judged in the light of the;jrorld'0 past before -"a ;. ^ 