D'ARGY READ'S GHOST. There was a very good attendance in tho Masonic Hall on Saturday evening to witness the representation of D'Arcy Head's Ghost. •'Beauty and tho Beast" and "The Haunted Hi use" were the pieces performed, and the latter, as usual, was greatly appreciated, Tho entertainment is to bo repeated this evening. Those who have not seen it will miss a great treat if they fail to avail themselves of the opportunity of witnessing performances which have delighted thousands of wondering speo tators in different parts of the world. Popper's ghostological illusions were some years ago ex hibited iu tho colony to tho astonishment and bewilderment of all beholders. "But Mr. D'Arcy l!ead lias improved immensely on that ghostly show. How he produces his marvellous changes which are instantaneous it is impossible to con jecture, except that it is known that they are effected by a complication of mirrors, the bulk of which may be understood from tho fact that his apparatus weighs no less than six tons. The wondrous skill with which his apparatus is arranged, must strike all observant visitors to his entertainment, who, knowing that the illu sions arc produced by mechanical contrivances, arc perfectly unable to conjecture ho"iy they can possibly be worked. Mr, l^ead not only pro duces the most astonishing appearances sud denly presented to the view of the audience, and as suddenly withdrawn, causing a feeling of the utmost surprise, but ho presents admirably arranged pieces, iu wliioh living bona jide artistes appear on tho stage, and with dance and song and sprightly dialogue amuse the specta tors, but he mixes them up with the most unac countable apparitions, which come and vanish as at the touch of a magician's waud. Tho pieces now performing at the Masonic Hall are Beauty ami the lijast" ami "The Haunted House." The plot of the formur is as follows :— Tin; opening scene discloses .Mutlicr Shipton iu her laboratory concocting a plot for a new pieeo for Mr. JD'Arcy Read, tlie result being an adaptation of the fairy story of " Beauty and the Beast." The next scerio discloses Beauty and her sister* Scoldina and Naggatta at home, and their old father Ilumtifoozle bemoaning his fate that everything lately has gone wrong. A letter, however, arriving, gives promise of things getting right again by announcing that a ship deemed lost has como safely into port, whereupon the old man departs, after promising to bring numerous presents to his daughters, including a "wee white rose" for Boauty. We next see him lost in a wood, after having ascertained that the news of tha ship's arrival was untrue. Whilst plucking a rose for Beauty he is suddenly confronted with a strange look ing beast, which demands his reason for plucking the ilowor and tslls him ha m,ust die, but on Kumtifoozle explaining it was for his daughter ho is allowed to depart unharmed conditionally on his bringing his Beauty to the spot the next dav. Scene -1 discovers the paternal roof with the sisters anxiously awaiting their father's return. After relating his adventures in tho wood Beauty is induced to return with him, and he there leaves her. When alone she wonders whether her sisters are regretting her losi, whou visions oi each arm""i ami she is convinced to the con-i trary.'* ' A vision "of her iatijer ii(at' he; too. i='•'pr.ir.duii o?' iie.r.'aosBiice and'fate." 'iUie .lil'iist now ' areata ''aiid'maUes desperate 1'bve to Be'antyi who at firsi'rejects his suit, hv\t ultimately, out of compagsjoji"foy hjs dejccted appearance, oiidtavors [q relieve him by oon-. Eenting to marry him, when instantly he is trans formed into a beautiful prince, and the scene is changed into the interior of a cathedral, where the lovers are rejoined by the unfortunate parent, who has now become rich, and all ends happily. Miss Bassctt M'Donald is Beauty and Mrs. Read aud Miss Smith her sisters Scoldina and Naggata. Mr. Emmett is tho Beast, Mr. Davidson the old father, and-Mr. 'Slouuj; th'a prince, 'Tha little piece abounds lii' 1 jVrctty music' ami' epaTltling' dialogue','' whilst Misa Brookes, as tho fairy Flcetwin^*, contributor Home excellent dancing. Tho scenery is now ami well painted. Mr. Head |jii con tinuing tho entertainment t'<ir :i t <• w more nights, and we would advice all thon«* who have not visited it to seize tho opportunity of wit nessing one of tho most marvellous entertain fronts ever presented to the public, which elsewhere has attracted immense audience*, and should be seen to be appreciated. Wo hope the Sandhurst folk and their visitors, for their own aakes, will largely patronize Mr. D'Atcy Uead during his brief stay in this eitv. 