WESLEYAN CHURCH, BEECH- ! WORTH. The above church was inconveniently crowded on Sunday night, to hear the Rv. Mai-tin Dyson's farewell sermon to his Beechwoth congregation. 'The as semblage was a most representative one, compo-ed not only ot those ot the Metho dist persuasion, but also members of all the other Protestnut churches iu the town — or rather the district, for we noticed several faces from Stanley, Bow man's Forest and surrounding localities. This in itself testifies to the high esti mation in which Air Dyson was he'd. The rev. gentleman's discourse, which was listened to throughout with rapt attention, took the form of a funeral sermon, rather than a parting address, owing to the re cent melancholy deaths of two of the most prominent members of the church — Messrs John Nicholls and J. Taylor. The text chosen was the fifty-fifth and iwu uuiuwiug vttr.ses <n iiie niteeobQ chapter of I Corinthians, from which chapter the lesson of the evening was also selected commencing at the twentieth verse. The following are the remarks made by Air Dyson on the subject : — " The subject of a resurrection of the dead is one of pure revelation. This doc trine was denied by some in Corinth. ' How say some among you that there is no resurrection ef the dead V The Apostle assumes that they denied the resurrection of Christ also, as the denial of one involves that of the other. In proving the resurrection of Christ, the writer gives the evidence of the most con vincing testimony. That of the leading Apostles of the Church, Peter and James, and indeed, of ' all the Apostles' ; also the testimony of ' above 500 brethren,' who were eye-witnesses at one and the same time ; and finally, that of Paul him self. Having established the fact of our Lord's resurrection, he proceeds to show- that great and weighty truths stand or fall with it. If there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen, the ntilit.v nf nrfin/ihinor mn.v Via niipshinnprl — — — j — t — a J — . — faith is valueless, the veracity of the Apostles is impeached, the forgiveness of sins is impossible, the state of the dead is lightless, and the hope of the living is lost. But if we secure this foundation fact in the Christian religion, and prove the resurrection of Christ, we then give assurance and hope to the living, and have confidence in the state of the dead, and in the forgiveness of sins, the character of the Apostles, the value of faith, the utility of preaching, and the general re surrection of the dead. The Apostle at length seems impatient of reasoning with the enemies of Christianity, and finally breaks through all the obstructions of doubt and unbelief, and rises at once to the beautiful light of direct revelation, trumpeting in the truth, saying ( Behold, I show you a mystery ; we shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed in a moment in the twinkling of an eye at the last trump, for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed then. 0, death ! where is thy sting ? O, grave ! where is thy victory? The sting of death is sin', &c.; Death in this Scripture is repre sented by a bold personification as an enemy to man. It is not clear whether the Apostle's figure is the same as the one user! hv .Tfiwish. classical, and mnrlArn poets, who personify death as a military foe prepared to throw a dart ; or, : as many commentators understand, a Ser pent or scorpion, whose sting is its strength. The latter view commends it self to our judgment. The term 'sting' is most suggestive of poison and pain — acute pain, and this very forcibly illus trates the sting power of sin at any time, and chiefly at death. What then is the pain in death ? The sufferings of the body are nqt- specially, if at all, referred to in the ex pression ' Sting of death ;' but chiefly, if not wholly, to the pains and misery of the mind. This pain will be first feared and then felt in the act of tearing the affections away from all those objects which have supplanted God. The heart may have entwined itself around persons of admirable moral and mental qualities, or valuable possessions, or ephemeral fame and name of honor. But when these objects of chief delight are torn away, then the heart is left writhing in the greatest agony. This alone is sufficient to sting the mind to madness : but there is more to follow. There arises at this time ' A certain fearful-looking form of juagment, etc. tieo. x, £(.) mere will be fearful expectation of undefined future punishment. This terrible mental suspense cannot be overcome, but must be continued until the judgment day. ' To whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey his servants, ye are to whom ye obey whether of sin unto death or of obedience unto righteousness.' (Rom. vi, 16 17.) The cause of pain in death is not difficult to find. It does not dwell in the' 'disease of afflictions of the body, for. these come to an end where death begins, f- 'f Sin only arid alone is:the sting.' Not" .-'"remem bered, but unforgiveri iJsW,$' isthe only sin in death. It may have iriept long like a snake in winter ; but it revives, and wriggles, and stings through the conscience at death. It poisons even the previous objects of pleasure. Take the case of Amnon. He was passionately attached to his sister, but his sin so poisoned the object of his lust, ' That the hatred wherewith he hated her was greater than the love wherewith he had loved her.' (II Sam. xii, 14.) Then in the case of Judas, we see how he had set his heart on money. He must have money. But after Iris betrayal of our Lord, he found a sting in every ill-gotten coin, and went and 'cast down the pieces of silver in the temple,' and went and hanged himself. (Alatt. xxvii, 5.) Philip III of Spain said before his death : ' What doth all my glory pro fit, but that . I have so much the more torment in my death I Unpardoned sin has no counter-soothing pleasure. Friends now are helpless — honors and praise are worthless — music and song and mirth are charmless — and wealth ancl possessions are useless.' Unpardoned sin in death now appears ;is it is — hateful to Gocl ancl utterly ruinous to man. ' Why are you come to torment me ?' said a dying man to a friendly visitor. ' I am not come to torment ; I am come to tell you there is mercy for you.' --'No mercy for nie,' said the unhappy man ; ' I have sinned through all ; I have despised all, and I am dying condemned ! ' But all are not stung alike, nor in the same degree at death by nnforgiven sin. The degree aucl strength of sting power of sin at this time will be proportioned to the law under which men have lived, and the opportunities tliey lnive iiacl of know ing that iaw. The sting of a heathen's death will be painful, for however few of the known iaws or God lie has broken, his conscience will accuse and condemn him. (Rom. ii. 14, 15.) The sting of an nnforgiven Jew's death will be still more painful. ' As many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law.' — (Rom. ii.. 12.) And the sting of ail nn forgiven Christian's death will be most painful and terrible. ' That- servant which knew his Lord's will, and prepared nor neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes.' (Luke xii, 47.) ' The law is the strength of sin,' and the pain of misery of sin will he propor tioned to our actual knowledge, or to our opportunities of knowing the will of Gocl. Ancl so long as mail ancl divine law ancl human sill exist, the sting will poison ancl pain tlio conscience. But cannot sin be destroyed I Cannot the sting of death be drawn ? Assuredly it can. ' Thanks be to God, which givetli us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.' By means of the great ancl divine atonement which was made by the deatli ancl suffer ings of our Lord Jesus Christ, sin, all sin, has been provided for, and may be so fully removed and destroyed, as r.o leave the penitent believer in Christ with a 11011- eonclemiiing conscience. In such a case death becomes painless, the grave gloom- less, and the glorious victory over death and the grave is complete and triumphant. ' O, death ! where is thy sting ! O, grave ! where is thy victory V &c.; _ This is the victory that overcometh sin, death, and the grave, even our faith in Christ Jesus. 'He that believeth shall be saved.' A friend mistaking the bodily sufferings of Bishop Tomson said ' How hard it is to die.' '0 no,' said the Bishop 'easy dying ! glorious dying ! I have felt more happiness in dying the last two hours than in my whole life.' The late All- Nicholls saicl hi full prospect of death, ' I have no darkness, no trouble, no fear ; Christ is my hope.' Ancl thousands now clie much the same as the venerable Bede died a thousand years ago, singing ' Glory be to tlie Father, and to the Son, ancl to the Holy Ghost.' Thanks be to Gocl, which giveth us the victory, through our Lord Jesus Christ." The rev. gentleman then alluded to the deaths of their two brethren, whom he described as having but fallen asleep in the arms of their Saviour, awaiting the resurrection of the " dead who die iu the Lord." One (Mr J. Nicholls) had thus fallen asleep after a brief illness, but the other (Mr John Taylor) had been prematurely cut off iu the prime of miu- hood; but, thanks be to God, both, he had much reason to believe, had b-u n fully prepared, an i bad, without dun ot, made their peace with the great Father of all. Mr Dyson concluded his remarks with a brief sketch of the truly Christian life of both gentlemen, and exhorted his hearers to be prepared for death, even as they were. The choir throughout the evening rendered several appropriate selections of music in a most expressive manner, es- peciallythat grand ode of Pope's, " Vitnl Spark of Heavenly Fiame ; " Mr W. Dalton officiating at the harmonium. 