The 1 icyinniny of Toycyilom. (From tlio "World.") . As many opinions liavo boon hold about, and as many epithets applied to, . iho month through which wo nro now passing, as to i its, corresponding poriod in tho calendar of human life. > Poets; liavo apostrophised it ns the season of golden fruits and overflowing vats, or denounced it as tlio parent ot malaria, aud as - tho driver of moro nails iuto coffins than any month of tho twelvo. Essayists linvo written about it as tho consecrated carnival of Cornucopint and , invcighecl against, it as tho dismal epoch'uf mias matic fogs and ceaseless dripping ruins. Its appropriate symbol is a figuro divinoly tall and most ; divinoly I fair,' liquid-eyed, dcop- broastod, with gracious nmplitudo of flowing train, in which aro hold all tho fruits of the earth ; or a. death's-head— a naked skeleton, partially hidden by a mantle of white unhealthy mist. By artists October has bcoh portrayed ns possessing nil tho at tributes of lustrous and riponcd beauty, or of chill stagnation aud gruesome decay. Doctors nro far from unanimous as to its qualities ; and -valetudinarians shrink from its touch, or wclcomo its ap proach, according to the professional monitions which thoy have received. Tlicro aro thoso to whom thero is a posi tively delicious fragrance in tho pungent exhalnlions from tho dond leaves ; a sense of infinite poaco in tho absolute stillness that, when tho sportsmon nro- out of car- sliot, possesses tho surrounding woodland, a matchless beauty in tho mellow sunshino of an Uctobor nitovnoon winch enchants tho senses, aud, half provoking the mind to nctivo thought, half lulls it in a revcrio of pleasing melancholy. There nro thoso to whom theso parables of Nature aro odious, and who contemplate tlio lessons of calm extinction preached on nil sides with a pang of rebellious rcgrot. It is for theso that watcring-plnces wore invontod. Brighton is populous with such as these iu October, because thore is as little ns possible iu a gay promenado by tho shilling lovola of n restless sea to remind tlioin of tho activo and prospective operation of mortality's law. Tlio country in October is for sportsmon aud philosophcis ; tho 8oat>ido is for tho sons and daughters of a feverish age. To ; understand fully nnd to love honestly tho genius of Octobrr.roquires a certain distinct variety of natural tem perament ns woll as n cortain develop ment of years; Tho iheri nnd wbincu who can best appreciate its beauties are those with, whom the shadows ; of. oxisteuco nro already lengthening, and who can look at .tho deopur gloom, which is rapidly, appronoliing,. without; a >&huddor.; Tlio vory 'young : can no moro bo expected to comprehend tho spirit 'of October' thnn,' according to tlio- Greek philosopher, thoy can bo expected to sticced iii politics, or to sing intelligently tho praises of .'middle age. Thero is a good donl'iii common butwoon niuotccntii century. England aud tlio Athens to which . Pericles lout grandeur and Alcibiades ornamont. AVo have; idolised tlie idoa of youth as com pletely" as did tho Attic artists, whoso geniiis is enshrined in tho'imperishnblo inarble that is tho priceless trcosuro of tho art- gallerios.of Europo. , Tho period of. tho beginning of fogoydoin over seeuis noaror to tnosq wno nave yet to outer it, nnd becomes a vanishing, point in tlio.dis- tnnco to thoso.who have secret misgivings that they Imvo entered it already. Yet tlicro is no evading and no mistaking it Fogoydom is>not; to.\bo. cheated by any strategy liowovor adroit, or by any solf deceit however, poraistontly practised. It is to be known by signs most dofiuito aud undoubted. If it: is interesting to note tho oitects of yonrs upon tlie appearance of friends, and curious to study it. in ' tho case of strangers, whose faces aro ns familiar as if thoir owners had been tlio intimate of one's entire existenco,. thero is nothing moro certain than that a growiug habit of theso observations is , a most1 conclusiyo sign.. of , tho advance of ago. ; Enryajus sees Nisus after the lapse of ton years/ and is siirprisdcl/and rather shockod, to find tlmt Ills hair, in tonaoriab phrasoj'is thinning about tho temples) and; tlmt his skill, about tho oves and month. is puckered up- into curious little croasos. Before ho goes to bed that night Euryahis will have a rather protracted iutorviow with his looking-glass. Like causes, ho will acutely argue, produco liko results ; and if a doondo has worked such a.t change, in Nisus, what niay it 'not, 'linporcoivodi' liavo dono with Euryalus hiiiisolf ? : ' , "\Yhon men porpotually pass and ropass each othor iu tlio daily round of existence, and bocomo acquainted with ovory fenturo iu each other's cciintonanco, : ovory littlo oluiractoristio of manner and dross, a kind of mngnotio: sympathy establishes itsolf botweon thom. I'orfcct straugora, mutur ally ignorant pf their rcapcctiyo names,, they tako a deep reciprocal interest in each othor's wolfnro. A. iuissos B. in his acoustomod walk, and wonders whether ho is dead or ill, or- a bankrupt and a fngitivo from his country. Ho is quito roliuved to see hiui agniu in a wook's timo, looking all tho hotter for his tem porary diRnppoamuco. But thoro is no subject personal to B 1 in which A. is ns closoly concerned as B.'s age, and how he carries it. A. can no longer conceal from himself tho fact that B. is beginning to look docidedly old. Tho truth is, that this is prccisoly what B. has said to him self of A. any timo during tho last five yonrs ; and indeed A. , or any other mem ber of tho alphabet, would do well to bear in mind that directly Iguotus begins to, meditate whether. Incognitus is wearing well) ho is himself undoubtedly descend ing into tho valo of years. Nor is specu lation upon ago a moro undoniablo sign of incipient fogoydom than n growing in tolerance of youth. As soon as a gentle man. begins to fancy that there nro moro young men about than ovor, nnd detects somothing unprccodontly nggvessivo and arrogant iu ; thoir youth, it is a suro indication tlmt youtli and jits associations aro leaving him lit oxpross'pnco. For tlio beginnings of fogoydom. aro,; not nlways perfectly, amiablo. It is an age which does', hot entirely brcntho , the spirit of Christian charity., ..Whon one has fairly taken, one's placo, .among, tho veterans of one's, liiiio, one will look with beaming But whyn fogoydom . is rather a menaced than hh accomplished fact, ouo is apt to feel personally oifonded ut tho oxnbcr- anco of .thoir, juyomlity, at thoir olastio troad, tlieir siipplb figures, thoir Aboiuin- ablo weal tli of animal spirits, their young afTcotatiotis mid conceits. : Tho sentiment, in fact, is much that which Esau may liavo outcrtaiiied for 'Jacob, wlion ho took ' occasion to romiud him that his uamo meant in tho vornacular "sup- planter.". ;) " .// Biit tho mnnifcstntioiiB , of incipient fogoydom nro happily by no moans always, or exclusively, pcpvishi)0ss|aiid discontent in roon, or poignant and captious rogrets in woinbh. Tlio coufirmation of habits, and adislikoto liavo ono's waj' of life inter fered jwith, lmvo their disagreeable side, aud: thoro is n tendency on tho part of ago | to bo ns selfish ab extreme youth,; But tho Octoboi of oxistcnue lias attrac tions: lis numerous and distinct as tho Ootbber of tho natural year. Some plea sures liavo passed away, but many pains tooj . There may bo 110 longer, tlio samo insatiable nppotitu for onjoyniont ; tlioro is no longor oitlior tho suro sood timo of remorse. Tlio fruit of tho troo of tho kuojivlcdgo. of good- and , evil, lias boon oaten. Thero comes the capacity, to , seo life | clearly, and to seo it wliolo. Tlio viows of lifo funned by young nion are. wild fantasies ; tlio viows of life which bocdmo impossible in tho earliest stages of | fogeydoiu aro logical inductions drawn . from experience, , and . aro the jombodhnbuts of theories which, ns thoy aro. dorived from, can 1m reduced to, practice. Tlio beginnings of fogoydom aro only painful if the fact of. fogoydom is not jfiiirly confronted. It is a period of existenco which must ho grasped like the nettle ; and it' will, thou prove not only harmless, but enjoyable, rich witli ripo pleasures that woro denied to tho reckless days of early manhood. Thnrc is sun shino in October as woll as in July. ; but tho habits of lifo that arc safe and healthy iii the dog-days could not bo coutinmul witli impunity in -tho second month of autumn. It is a moral which1 to somo pooplo may scorn caslor to preach than to practice, nnd it is certainly one which it is ensior for men to praetico than for women. But unless tho udvico is acted upon tlie poriod is unoudurablo. ' Tho misteko which womon nmko in their atti tude towards ago is that which tho wioked Lord Lyttolton did with tlio ghost— thoy try to jockoy it. -No' ostrich concoiding its head in tho sand for tho purpose of oluding: its pursuers over did a moro unwise thing; AVhon a woman is spokon of as passoe, she has mostly but herself to blame. It is ouly the actor who tries to plnv Hnmleb that can fail us Hamlet. It is only tho woman who endeavours to elude tho inovitablo traco of tho Bwiftly- passing years on whom tho years bitterly avcugo themselves. It is only when the mothers of adult- daughters go out of their way to challenge comparison with thoir daughters that this comparison is made to their disadvnutngo. " Wait till you come .to forty your" is lis1 true how, in the souse iii which the words are used; tlmt the capacity for sngo enjoyment only ar rives with tho eighth lustro, as whon TJiackorny wroto , tlio Jyric, and it is as true in its way for women as for men. But for there to; bo truth, in it cithor, thero must be cqurngc uud souse. .Womon as well as men— liny, women more espe cially than men — must moot tho embrace of timo, and not shrink from it. . Ho nmv be, ns tho ' aiiciriiits said, aii.." easy god, ' but ho is n joalous suitor, and if his ud- .ynnccs aro rcjfuscd, he will work his ven geance, 