Tales and Sketches THE HAMILTONS. A STORY OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE (Chambers's Journal.) (Concluded.) CHAPTER XI - ANXIOUS MOMENTS The wild Australian black is perhaps the lowest known type of humanity. His skull shows a low development of physique. His mode of living is wretched in the extreme, for he lacks the capability of building a sufficient shelter either from the scorching sun of summer or from the keen winds and heavy rains of winter. And yet it is possible to find even a lower grade of being than the Australian black in his native ignorance and filth, namely the same black after he has visited some of the colonial cities. When he has associated with the offscourings of one of the large towns, when he has added to the brutality of the savage the lowest vices of civilisation, then indeed he becomes a hope- lessly degraded creature, a thing tor angels to weep over and for mankind to mourn. You will not wonder then, that when Phyllis encountered the look of this man, and took in at one glance the expression of his fierce eyes and repulsive mouth, even her brave spirit quailed, and the blood seemed to ebb from her cheeks and throb to her heart with a wild terrible pang of fear. It so happened that only a few weeks before, the colonial papers had rung with the accounts of a murder which bad been committed at a lonely shepherd's hut, on the hills. The shepherd was out at his work, far beyond ear- shot of his dwelling, and his wife had been left alone in her solitary dwelling, with her infant child. A party of wandering blacks came to the hut; and when the unhappy man returned in the evening he found his hut a scene of desolation, and his dear ones brutally murdered. The whole colony was moved to horror at the distardly deed— a deed which was only partly expiated by the execution of the ringleaders. Phyllis had read this story in the papers; and during the few seconds in which she stood confront- ing the black, it flashed upon her in all its terrible details. She thought of her delicate sister, of the infant, of little Bertie, and she was conscious that their lives as well as her own hung upon her tact and courage. But though those thoughts were written on the brave pale face, the girl never lost for an instant her hearty bearing, or quailed before the insolent stare of the black. With an imperious gesture, she pointed to the spot by the water where the others were already preparing to light a fire and were hacking the sheep to pieces; and the man turned sullenly away. When she saw that he had rejoined his companions she went into her own room, and gave way for a little to a violent emotion which shook her from head to foot. She felt giddy and sick, and for a few minutes was only retained by a strenuous effort of the will. It must have been during those few moments of weakness that the girl's heart cried aloud and found utterance at her lips. 'Jack, Jack, Jack!' she murmured, and then covered her face with her hands and was silent. It was only for a little while, however, that the weakness triumphed. Going forward to the looking-glass, she smoothed her hair, and tried to bring back a little colour into her white cheeks. While lingering for a few moments on the threshold of the sitting-room, Bessie was struck on looking up from her work by the curious set paleness of her sister's face. 'Phyllis darling,' she said, 'do you know you are looking very ill? You must have over-tired yourself this morning. Come here and sit beside me, pet, for a Iittle, and rest your head on my pillow.' 'Yes, presently,' answered Phyllis, as she moved restlessly about the room for a few minutes, under pretence of tidying away Bertie's toys. And then she did what Bessie had never seen her strong sister do before; she went to the cupboard, poured out a glass of wine, and drank it. 'You are ill, Phyllis,' said Bessie, raising herself from the sofa in alarm. 'No; indeed I am not,' answered Phyllis, coming to her sister's side, and resting her head on the sofa-cushion. ' Don't be anxious about me, Bessie. I am only a little tired; and when Judy Maloney comes back, I mean to live the idlest and most luxurious life possible.' 'So do I!' ejaculated Phyllis, with what seemed to her sister unusual energy. Bessie began talking of some little household reforms that were to be effected when Judy came back. The beds and windows were to have fresh curtains; and Robert had promised a new carpet for the sitting room. 'And a piano, Phyllis! Robert has positively said that a piano is to come up in the next dray from Adelaide! If I have not forgotten all the little music I ever knew, I shall give you some lessons.' Much as this might otherwise have interested Phyllis, the kindly words were lost upon the girl as she listened with strained attention for any sound from outside which might betray the presence of the blacks or her sister. 'Shall we ever need those things? she was thinking. 'Will our lives go on just the same after this? Or when James and Robert come back to-night, will they find us' —— Would Robert go mad. she wondered, if he came back and found his darling, his idolised wife, as that shepherd's wife had been found? and Jack? Would he remember only what was best in her, and forgive and forget all that had jarred on him? 'But it shall never be!' she said to herself desperately. 'I have strength and courage; and God helps those who fight for the innocent.' She rose from her low seat presently, and declaring she was quite rested, announced her intention of preparing dinner for the little household. 'Don't trouble to cook anything,' called Bessie after her. 'Anything cold will do for us to-day, and you do look so tired.' Glancing for a moment at the calm domestic scene—the delicate pretty young mother, the infant's cradle, the strong healthy boy drag- ging his toy-horse about the room—Phyllis again repaired to her chamber, where she offered up an agonised prayer to the Father of all mercy. When she rose, she looked and felt perfectly calm. She opened a drawer in which she had put away Jack's little pistol, took it out and examined it, to make sure that she remembered all that he had told her about its method of working. It was, as I have said, a revolver of the smallest size, and of the most beautiful workmanship. As she looked at its glittering barrel and costly mountings, she reflected with a curious sort of satisfaction that in this exquisite toy, which she could easily hide in one of her strong hands, death might be dealt to six human beings. 'Four of them,' she thought, while the lines about her mouth deepened and her eyes glittered. 'One for Bessie, and myself last. As for the children'—— Loading the pistol carefully, ase dipped it into the side pocket of her dress; and then. before going to the kitchen, she went to reconnoitre the unwelcome guests. She walked along the bank for a little way, and stood looking down at the blacks, herself unseen. They had eaten as much half-raw mutton as it was possible for even them to consume, and their capacities in that direction are simpiy enormous; and now they were drinking the brandy, some out of tin pannikins, which they had doubtless procured at the last town they had visited ; and others in a still more primitive fashion, from the bottles. Some of the men seemed to be already satiated, and were lying flat on their backs, with closed eyes and faces upturned to the sky. Two or three others, among whom was the tall black who had followed Phyllis to the house, and for whom she had conceived a special aversion, were still sitting up, and carrying on the debauch, as if determined to get as much enjoyment as possible out of the unwonted abundance. As for the women, they had withdrawn to some distance, and were squatted on the ground, their knees drawn up to their chins, and blankets or opossum skins thrown over their shoulders. Probably they had already received the small share of brandy which was all their lords could see fit to spare them. Altogether the aspect of affairs looked tolerably promising, thought Phyllis. If only those two or three inveterate topers would give in and go to sleep, or if only Sam would take iti into his head to return to the homestead. Never had she longed for the sight of a human being as she now longed for a glimpse of that awkward youth. She turned to scan the brow of the hill behind the house, hoping and praying to catch a flutter of his old jacket or a peep of the top of his brimless hat; but nothing living broke the green outline of the slope. Nothing remained but to watch and wait till the western sky should begin to redden and she might listen for the roll of the bullock drays in the distance, and for the well known tread of Jack's gray horse. Calling fortitude to her aid, the brave girl went about her household work, preparing nourishing soup for Bessie's dinner, feeding Bertie, setting the kitchen in order, and bak- ing scones for the men, who would return hungry and tired in the evening. The hands of the Dutch clock in the kitchen seemed to stand still, and two or three times she went up to it, to listen if its slow heavy pulse were still beating on. Every now and then she stole out to where she could see the blacks, and as the afternoon wore on she noted with thankfulness that they had at length succumbed to the potent liquor, and were lying quiet and apparently asleep. The kitchen clock tolled the hour of four, and Phyllis thought, 'In two hours more Robert and Jack may be here.' She was dwelling on this idea with a feeling of relief when, going to the outside corner of the kitchen to glance towards the lake and hill, as she had so many times already that day, she saw something which made her brave heart stand still for a moment. The tall black had risen from his recumbent position and was now stealing slowly towards the house with a stealthy step and sidelong glances, which told of sinister meaning. Either he had drunk less than his fellows, or else, as he was evidently the strongest of the party, his potations had taken leas effect upon him. At any rate, on he came; and the pale girl realised with an intense vividness of conviction that the hour of her deadliest peril was come. It was only for an instant that she quailed ; the next she had stepped forward to meet him, determined at any cost to prevent his nearer approach to the house. Stepping forward to within about six paces of him, she stopped, and demanded to know his errand, drawing herself up to her full height. 'How dare you come near the house? she exclaimed. 'Go back to the others at once!' The blackfellow grinned, but stopped his cat-like advance. Phyllis saw that he carried his club in his right hand, which he held partially concealed behind him ; and she knew that if he came near enough a blow might place her at his mercy. For more than a minute they stood confronting one another. Phyllis's hand was in the pocket of her dress, holding what she had hidden there, and her eyes held the burning orbs of the savage, as the hunter holds the eyes of a wild animal about to attack him. It was all of which she held dear that the girl was thinking as she stood there daring those few terrible moments —of life and honour ; of her delicate sister and the new-born babe; of merry little Bertie, the pride and pet of the house. She knew from the expression of the black's face that he meant mischief, and drawing the revolver from her pocket, she took deliberate aim. 'If you come a step nearer, I will fire!' she exclaimed. Perhaps the native had never before seen so small a weapon, and did not believe it to be deadly; or perhaps he had never seen a woman use a weapon of any kind; for he only grinned again and advanced a step or two. There was a flash, a report; and Phyllis saw through the smoke her enemy lying before her, wounded and bleeding. A mist swam before her eyes; she felt a deadly sickness stealing over her; and through all the giddiness and strange noises which rang in her ears, she was conscious of the galloping of a horse urged to its utmost speed, coming ever nearer and nearer. In another minute Jack's arms were round her, and ahe was looking into his face with a long gasping sigh. 'Speak to me, Phyllis! What is wrong?" "The blacks,' she answered; 'they have been here all day. But it is all right, now you have come,' with a shuddering look towards the wounded man. Have I killed him?' 'Killed him? No! You have winged him though, very neatly. The scoundrel!' and Jack's dark eyes scintillated with anger. 'He deserves more than that. Come inside, my brave child; you are as pale as a ghost.' Phyllis was trembling like a leaf now; but she managed to smile into his face. 'Never mind me. See, there is Bessie looking from the door; go and take her back to her sofa.' Jack went to the back-door of the parlour, which Bessie had managed to reach, and from which she was gazing with a very scared face. He lifted her in his arms and carried her back to her sofa, soothing her with assurances that all danger was over, that Robert and the men would be home directly, and that there was really no harm done. Bessie strove hard to suppress the hysterical sobbing natural to her weak state. 'Send Phyllis to me,' she begged. 'Oh, how brave she has been all day! I know now why she looked so pale and strange in the forenoon! And she bore all the anxiety without saying a word to me.' Phyllis came into the room, and kneeling down beside her sister, laid her face against her shoulder. 'It is over now,' whispered Phyllis. Don't be frightened, darling.' They listened with strained ears till they heard the rattle of the drays with the voices of the men outside. Then Phyllis slipped away to her own room, where she lay down and fell into a state that was partially unconsciousness partly sleep. From this she was roused by the settler's well- known voice; and opening her eyes, she saw Robert bending over her and loading her with all manner of tender names. 