BLi'rGHTED EXPEC FATIONS. (Conlinued front Thursday's I ase,) [Br Grp.] That blessed chop would persist' in fly lug off at a tangent, until it described a half circle cf impressions of itself in gravey on the tablecloth, eaoh impres sion being more grotesque than the pre ceeding one, owing to the part my knife and fork played in the performance. Finding that it was about. to commence a fresh set of impressions at a wider range I gave up the attempt at subju gation in despair, and helped myself to some slior-s cf stale broad, on which an oleaginous substance, remarkable for strength of perfume and pungency- of t-te, was spread.- I have since learnt that thhi compound is known by the name of " lodging-house butter," which to the initiated is considered sufficien. reason for its possession of the above named qualities. The knowledge that, seated in solitary state at the side of a long table (with Mrs. Primmings mnounting guard at the end, as grim and silent as a gorgon), I was the cynosure for some half dozen pairs of critical oyes, would have been discomposing to my rerves even if they had been of the strongest, but as they were not in fact the reverse - it was an ordeal of the severest kind. The worst part of this ordeal was my utter powerlessness to assist in any way in bringing about its termination, and if my escape had depended entirely on myself 'I would have been sitting under it yet. However, like the geese that saved the Capitol, a very simple circum stance-merely the clock striking nine -brought about my release, for it had the effect of clearing the room of all but myself and Mrs. Primming. Previous to this clearance a good deal of half suppressed merriment had been going on behind copies of the Sydney Morning Herald, and as it would have been something like sacrilege to impute its course to that paper, I could only sit in agony of apprehension that I was the cause. This idea was confirmed by some remarks that was made in the hall, and found their way through the half open door-such as "By Jove ! Screw, I never felt so nearly choking in my life -it would have been all up with me if that blessed clock hadn't broken the spell." " Ha ! ha but wasn't it fun? I wonder where she got such a rich specimen." "Haven't the ghost of an ;idea, without it was Greenland-but I say, Baker, 1 hope he'll not take fright, for he'll be rare fun." " I hope not too, for he'll =beat ' Spasmodic Jerk' into a cocked hat-but come on, or we'll be late." "You look very unwell, Mr. Potts," said Mrs. Primmings, breaking the .ilence that fo'lowed the slamming of the hall door,- and eyeing me severely, " I hope you are not going to be laid up -I haW s a great dislike to sickness in the house . Thelast young man who had your. room took ill and died there. He put me, to so much trouble that I made a rule that' as soon as a boarder takes sick he goes to the hospital." I assured her, on the faith of a lonely orphap, that my hopes in this respect were as fervent as her own; and then would have gone on to explain, in a burst of confidence, what reasons I had for looking unwell, but catching her penetrating gaze fixed on me, as if trying to read the inmost secrets of my heart, the words froze on my tongue, and with a murmured apology I made my escape from the room, leaving my chair in a nice position for anyone to tumble over. Finding my way to my room, 1 threw myself on the bed, and for a time forgot my sorrows in sleep. I was awakened by the servant knocking at my door, to inform me that the bell would ring for dinner in about half-ann hour. Fearing a repetition of the painful experiences of the morning by being late, I went down at once. I found the dinner laid, but the room without occupants. I therefore seated myself on the horseahair couch under one of the windows, and taking up a copy of the S, 31. Herald off the side board, tried to appear unconsoious of surrounding circumstances. I was beginning to flatter myself that I was succeeding to admiration, as I sat gazing with a look of absorbing interest at a column of " Wanteds," oblivious of the fact that the paper was some months old, when the hall door opened, and glancing nervously over the top of the paper, I saw a jaunty looking indi vidual enter the room, who, I soon concluded, much to my relief, did not belong to the clique from whom I suffered so much discomposure in the morning. " Hum-ha I Good morning," he said, on seeing me, each word coming out with a jerk. C (Good morning," I answered in rather a shaky voice. With another succession of jerks he gave vent to " Ha-hum-um,". and then took a seat on the opposite side of the room. He had no sooner done so than a heavy step sounded coming down the stairs, when, with a louder " hum" than before, he jerked himself up again, and out of the room, but returned almost immediately leading in a tall stout lady, that from the likeness between them, I judged to be his paternal parent. She greeted me with a most benignant smile as she passed, and then in a whisper said to her companion, (To be Contlnued.) 