A CASUS BELLI. To the Editor.— Sir, — Ab the represents.- ' tive of the Celestial Empire to the Exhibition in Sydney, to which port I have shipped over 140 tons of specimens of Chinese industry, all having been manufactured within the short space of nine months, I was instructed by my august Emperor to make a short stay at the different ports of Queensland, which, by its great ? advantages and proximity to my country has attracted so many of my countrymen to its shores. While in Brisbane my attention has been. . naturally called to tho proceedings of your ? Legislative Assembly, by which means I have . been able to receive great instruction in your language, though Ah Why, who understands English better than I, says my instruction has not been of a choice description.. I was greatly amused at tho debates, nnd impressed by the profound knowledge — his- torical, &o.; — displayed by some of tho members,, especially Mr. Meston. This learned pundit, in fact, startled me with his erudite knowledge of the Hea and Chow dynasties, who, it ap pears, reigned contemporaneously with Queen Dido, when she wont into that business at Carthage. I was so deeply impressed by the research and learning of that highly oultured gentleman that I could not havo believed half he said, were it not for the exalted position he occupied as a high and mighty law maker of his country. Fancy then, my hitter disappointment, when in Saturday night's Telegraph I read his letter,, in which he descends from tho flowery and.re splendent realms of antiquity, whore his soar ings have made me convorsant with the heathen philosophers who revelled at the Chow Chow feasts of our own divine Confuoius, to the . . rapid, insipid, stultified level of modern times, and expresses his willingness to shoot every' Chinaman in Queensland. Alas 1 that I have lived to bewail the decadence of oriental cos mogony ! My countrymen, our dreamB of goodwill and friendly intercourse with the nation of the earth are over, our modest overtures rejected. Meston has doomed the Flowery Land to anni hilation ; and the sooner we Chinamen in ^ Queensland disembowel ourselves, the better to- '' avoid the deadly bullet. In order that others of my simple countrymen may avoid the fatal trap, 1 have sent the following cablegram to my Imperial master at Pekin. ' Hi ah ! Klon piuka ti ah toon a mi Meston ki yah !' A literal translation is impossible owing to tho difficulty- in your language of conveying forcible and concentrated expression of thought, hut its moaning is something as follows :— ? CIoeb all portBl Stop Chinoso emigration! Cut off the heuda of all foreigners, and send their cremated remains to Meston, who haB- , declared war against the Celestial Empire 1 1 Aud, now, having vindiuatod the first law of Chinese nature, viz., ' Retaliation,' I, in the name of 400,000,000 of my countrymen in imhui--' nent peril of death, abjure, oonjure, and im plore you, by the Bmould6ring bones of seventy million billions of defunct 0hinam6n, by the breathless, noniperspiring, unborn trillions that 'ure yet to bp-pby all you have, hope, pray for,. ., or Sold dear— by the phantomistical .ghosts of' J. temporal, sanctity— to use your powerful 'in-''1 fiuence, to step this bloodthirsty' resolve- of'- '' Meetopl and 'save', the, Ohineie' nation fr^m-' Slaughter.— Tours, &p.;,) ?a i :b.:.v - ' ? ? o*. 