St; Andrew's, Seven Hills. LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE.' ' {from our Slaeltoten eorretpondtntj Wednesday, Oct. 22nd, was a red letter day in the annals of Seven Hills ; for on that day was laid ;the foundation istone of the long-talked-of church. Let us hope that all the 1 discords of the parish are now buried for ever with the coins and documents that lie beneath that stone. The ceremony was performed by the Bishop of Sydney," who was escorted from Parramatta and received by the Bev. B. B.Eva, Bey. Dr.Woblls, l£ev. 'Mr. Phillips, and: the building committee—Messrs G. H. Pearce, G. T. Smith, G.' La.mbert, R. Howard, Joseph Lake, J. Staff, T. Davies, and J. J.; Pearce. Between three, and four hundred persons were assembled on the site, whidi was gaily dst»rated for the occasion with" flags. The customary documents and coins enclosed in a bottle, were deposited beneath, the bed of the corner stone, and the stone itself was covered with fipwws. At 1 p.m. the Bervice'commenced with Hymn 578 (Mercer). The choir was led by M!bs Staff, who presided at the harmonium: as usual. Ujbe Bev. Dr. Woolls then read 1 Crf., iii and ,then the Bev. Mr. Phillips delivered the collects for Trinity Sunday and for St Andre w's day. The etone was then moved into its place, and having been well and truly laid, With the aesistancB of the Bishop. His Lordship said: ''I lay thip as the foundation ana corner.-stone of a church to be built in this place, to be laiued tlie Chuich of St. Andrew, aud co .be set-apart for the preaching of the i-^ht catholic faith, which we believe and confess in the name of the Father wd of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Vmen." - /The Apostles' Creed wati then iriate to th^ ocoasion. ^ The : Bi^iop concluded the ceremony .by pronouncing the benediction, after which a collection was made. !., The site selected far the new church is on-the summit of a gentle'rise known as Ward's dill—one mile and a-half from the Railway Station. It is centrally situated with regard to the neighbourhood,' and commands an extensive and; enchanting prospect of 'hill and dale, i Wide-spreading patches: : of pasture land, friuged with dusky strips of the old indigenous iorert-trees not yet devoted to the axe, alternate with the rich, green j<dust'ring orangeries— now spangled over and ,d«>opmg with their golden harvest. yet breathed in the blonm of th^ir future wealth, making the air redolent of their balmy sweetness, No inore beautiful or desirable spot oould be wished for a church, unless it is that of the quaint old church at Prospect. The land is the gift of Mr. Philip Pearce; whose father (Mr. William Pearce) might be said to oe almost the father of; Seven Hills. It was he who gave it the name of. " Seven Hills,". from the fact that from the verandah of the " old house " he could count seven distinct hills ranged around. He was one of the earliest settlers and wa6 among the first, if not the first, to start that lucrative industry, the culture of the. orange, which is now the-mainstay and the chief features of the district: The church iB to be built of brick upon a stone foundation. It is designed in the style known as " early English," • and when completed—in about four months, time —will add another item of rural prettiness to this already picturesque neighbourhood. The dimensions are 38 feet by 26 feet, with a chancel of 15 feet, making a capacity sufficient to accommodate about 150 people. The photograph, from the plan, shows it to be a very attractive little structure, with a porch, a veBtiy, end a tasteful spire and bell tower. The architect ib Mr. A. L. Elphinstone, of Sydney, and the contractor Mr. John Webb, Parramatta. From what I hear, the clergyman is likely to bave a busy time in tying matrimonial knots, when the church is completed, as it is reported that already several devoted swains and spinistere bave agreed to immolate themselves upon the hymeneal altar, when that nappy consummation accomplished. After the ceremony of laying the foundation stone had taken place, general movement was made to the pavilion, where an abundant spread of good things was provided beneath its ample shelter. The building was a. rustic structure, as Ib usual in such cases, of poles and green bo covered in with railway sheets, kindly lent by the department, and tastefully ornamented with flowers and flags. The whole of it was put up by some : of the young men • of the district, aided by the indefatigable Mr. Staff, who is no mean rival to Mr. Torning in hiB ingenuity in ornamental devices. The feast was enlivened in true Bhodian style by strains of 'sweet music, discoursed by three cunning artists—the well known Italian string band The repast being finished a few addresses were delivered. The Bev. B. B. Eva referred to the expenses incurred in building the new church, and the probabilities of liquidating the same. Altogether the affairs of the church looked exceedingly pro mising; what with money in hand and promised, they had £538 5s. 6d., besides £30 collected on'the occasion, and this, together with' other contributions that might reasonably be expected, would in all probability enable theoL to open the church free of debt. The contract for its erection and all other expenses would amount to about £720. ' Bev. Dr. Woolls looked upon the founding of a church as a responsible and momentous event. He waB' highly pleased with the ceremony which' had taken place that day, and asked all those present to join in expressing their thanks to the Bishop of ttfie diocese for coming amongst them.' He eulogised the able manner in which the Bishop,' at the helm'of the Church of England, had steered through all the shoals and quicksands of a trying and difficult time; ahd had been successful in revivifying churches that bad beenfknguiBhing. and in continually establishing new Ones. He hod been amongst them for a quarter of a century, and had worked successfully in his diocese and harmoniously with his clergy for a longer time than most colonial bishops. He believed that in futnre ages Bishop Barker would bo considered as-one of the greatest benefactors of the Church of England in th ese colonies. He could expatiate at greater length upon this theme were not the subject of it present; but he would congratulate the people of Seven Hills for their success in founding the church—an event which was an era in the history o^any ptaoe/ It was sin ever present ( protest * against all wrong-doing and immorality. The Bev. Mr. Phillips, in a few! appropriate remarks, seconded-the proposition of Dr! Woolls, and it was carried by acclamation. ' The , , Bishop of Sydney, who rose amid applause, said that he . had attended mat day upon a matter whidhmostiiitimatelyconcerned them. '"There were what were called bnrning questions in this day, but he was not going to add to the heat of the summer sun oy saying anything about them. He would leave Pastorals alone, Education alone, and everything else alone, except the benefit which would arise to that community by the erection of the .new Church of St. Andrew. As Dr. Woolls had said, the building of a church was a responsible and momentous event. was not generally oonsidered such, and men were generally'more desirous of building their own houses and adding tiuld tojield than.uf building the ttnuple of the Bedeemer. It Was cortaitily a necessity that the Irady should be cured for, and natural that the; slab hut and the .weatherboard house should give place in time to the mahtion ;• but it should «1bo be that, as Abtahttni built ap altar to theLord wberever he settled and pitched his tent, those who camo strangers and pilgrims to anew country should iBee~ithatin th«i course of time the tabernacleshbuldgiveplacetothetemple. Theaite'of the Onurch-whose founda-' tion we had laid was intended to emu-j lateandent Bom'e.alnd those Who named it ' looked forward to the time whet eities to last for ages would be planted upon the Seven Bills.' These pioneers of the district wereat first satisfied with the Imrk hut Ot the' school hbuse had to give wayto a richer expression of their lovo toGod.Bnd'amoreenduring mark of their bwn increased wealth ena prosperity. It would be a centre of union, • of brotherly love; and a tkihdly -f eling, a repression of all that could promote •ifeand diesension. - It would be not only a : protest against what was virnous and evil, but a proof 6f the people's belief in the presenoe of God, in His readiae88 to hear and answer prayer, and in the'incarnation' and 'atonement of Hie Son. In it would be carried on that simple worship, the reformed Protestantism, which he desired to sej^n every Aaglican Church, aprotestagainst Ritualism; and what Bitualism led to —Romanism.; He tlmnked Dr. Woolls for what he had' said of him, as he valued the good opinion of one' who had been in the colony for -a longer period than himself. . He accepted what had been said of him, not with pride, but with thankfulness, that in thejiresence of his people it could be sail the BiBhop of Sydney had tried to do his duty. He asked no nobler epitaph than that which surmounted the grave of the heroic Lawrence in India, "Here lies a man who tried to do his duty." This was one of his pleasant duties, one for which he thanked the Almighty God, and in < response to their thanks, he must assure tnem that he would like to have to repeat it eveiy week; They should be thankful to the family of Pearce, a family so numerous that it was almost necessary to revive an old custom in their case. When a Roman went "wooing the sweet voioes" of doctors he was accompanied by " nomenclator." an officer whose duty it was to pluck the candidate by the robe and inform him that the person he was about to meet was Marcus Aurelius, or whoever else it might be. He would be glad of a Seven Hills nomenclator to constantly tell him what Mr. Pearce he was'to meet The site of the new church was one of the most beautiful in tho colony, and he hoped that the building would be to all in the district what Dr. Woolls had said—a means and source of union. Every feeling should be forgotten in this one " We are tiying to do the work of our heavenly Master," and he trusted that if his life were spared, and they were speedy in the work before them, the tent he was in would hold another congregation assembled ior the consecration of the Church. He hoped it could then be Baid not only, that the Church building was free from debt, but that, its fencing and all other matters were paid for also. That this might be accomplished was his earnest.prayer. He thanked them for what had been said of him,-and with every desire for the common welfare, regretted that he was obliged to say to them—good-bye. (Applause.) The Bev. Mr. Eva then thanked the dergy end other visitors, and tho proceedings terminated. In the evening ia concert was held in the schoolroom in aid of the harmonium fund, the Bev. B. B. Eva in the chair. The room was crowded and the takings amounted to over £6. MiBS Staff and Mrs. McCoy presided atthe harmonium, and the following ladies and gentlemen contributed to the proceedings of the evening :—Messrs. Staff, McColle; Noakes, Pogson, Howard, Kentwe' 4 and Purser. Tho Misses Staff, E. Staff, Best, Luke, Schafidd, Mrs. McColley, and Mrs/McCoy^ Mr. Staff, as usual, carried the house with tbe reading, " Sam Weller's Valentine." Miss Staff gave a. very pleasing^ rendition of "Good News from Home." Mrs McColley was in very good voice, and earned hearty applause for her sweet rendering of Thy Voice," and ^ Tomorrow. Mr."Pogson'ssolo, "Lord of aU Power," was one of the good things of the evening; bo also was "How .Beautiful," by the ^Company. " The Liquid Germ, 1 ' by Miss Schofield " Won't you buy," by Misa Staff; " St, -Andrew's Bells," a duett, by Mr. and Mrs. Colley ; "Let the Angels," by Miss Luke; - " Keep Praying," by Miss Best, were all well given and generoudy applauded. The concert 'terminated with the trio " Farewell," by Mr. McColloy, Mta, McColley, and- Mrs. McCoy; after, which the "National Anthem 1 ' jras sung and the audience dispersed. - 