THE GHOSTS. A most remarkable entertainment is to be seen nightly at the Masonic Hall, as interesting and amusing as it is astonishing. " Ghostology" is its funny scientific cognomen. Believers in ghosts have only to witness the exhibition to have their faith confirmed, while the most sceptical disbelievers must at once give in their adherence to the popular faith. Ghosts in great variety—"grave and gay, lively and severe,"— deposit themselves in natural and unnatural ways. They set the laws of gravitation at defiance, climbing the walls and walking the ceilings as easily as flies. Some are frisky and overflowing with humor; others are sober, as becomes grave spirits. They dance, they sing, they fight, just like ordinary folk, and when mixing with real people so substantial do they appear that the onlookers can scarcely tell " t'other from which." An excellent programme was produced last evening, the opening per formance working out a beautiful poetic scene. This was an illustration of a gallant knight watching his armor to keep it pure and bright. His vigils are a task to test his knightly truth and honor, the pel- feet keeping of which is re warded by unspeakable happiness. To allure him from his watch, wine, women, and wealth aro offered him. Each is represented by a spirit—that of a monk tempting him with a cup of the juice that maketh the heart glad; that of a bewitching woman seeks to make him break liis plighted troth to the lady of his love, while that of a merchant entice3 Jiim with gold. None of them succeed, though the last nearly did so, and would have done had not the en chanting voice of his mistress, in sweet ' strains, • warned him of his danger. The kuiglit triumphs, and is rewarded by a ■ vision of his beloved surrounded by angels, 'whom she rivals in beauty, and the scene closes witli .in angolie chorus. The only drawback to the thorough enjoyment of the scene was the somewhat tame representation of the Kuiglit. This can be made a most attractive character. The next portion of the entertainment proved exceedingly amusing, in which the Japanese ghosts sang and danced, and secured loud ap plause. But tho finish of the performance was {tho! most astounding of all. It represented the troubles and adventiires of Mr. Leander Sliape weli pir. D'Arcy Read) as the nervous lodger 'in a haunted house. The revels in this scene must be witnessed. They are perfectly astoundr i»g. ' 