Echoes from Home. BY MAJOR VERITAS. IT is long since in the old country there was other than a green Christmas. Satirical writers bad got quite into the habit of railing against the fraud of muggy wet weather whilst the bazaars aad the Christmas annuals always made believe with abundance of frost and snow. According to recent telegrams, the old fashioned Christmas- tide snow and frost which seemed to have deserted the United Kingdom bad come back again. The fact that sucn a thing ns a downfall of snow was considered worth telegraphing to the auttporius, coupled with the further announcement that the storm was general throughout the country, would lead us to imagine that the old woman was picking her geese to some purpose. Fur a long time the exhibition of skates in the shop windows had been a mockery, and the familiar piotures of Father Christmas with icicled beard, and snow-covered wrappers, a delusion. It may be our friends at home are now having a taste of the real hard weather that some of us can remember in our childhood. It is just forty- one years ago that the frost set in which froze the Thames so that people could cross on the ice from shore to shore below bridge. The coldest night and day experienced in England and Scotland for the past sixty years was on the Christmas Eve and Christmas Day of 1860.' It was a fearful whiter, aa I can well re collect, and, from the traditional point of view, a glorious Christmas. On the grass the tempera ture showed 45*8° of frost, and in Staffordshire one thermometer registered 15° below zero. My original paragraph Announcing the failure of a well-known publishing firm, was, after all, correct, and the second paragraph, throwing doubt upon that particular echo therefore un necessary. Three different correspondents, each connected with the profession of literature, write me by the last Torres Straits mail that depression in the publishing world increases rather than diminishes, and that unless such a change as can scarcely be expected intervenes there will be more crashes. Books that had been ordered of well-known authors whose name is marketable are withheld from publication, and second-rate and unknown writers have not the ghost of a chance. The literary journals by the same post confirm these gloomy tidings. One looks in vain for the pages of advertisements of new books and new editions common to the season; and every publisher's circular tells, in indirect ways, of retrenchment and caution. The public may possibly gain by the non-publication of the hundred or so of books that in ordinary times would have been circulated, but the fraternity of Bohemia, I fear, will suffer. At all times somewhat of a hand-to-mouth race, a prolonged period of depression amongst book-printers and booksellers will put them terribly out at elbows. All hope is now fixed upon the chance of a re vival during the spring and summer of 1879, but the cloud hanging at present over the old coun try's trade and commerce, though perhaps it is but temporary, is terribly gloomy. Everything appears to be paralysed, and there is no imme diate prospect of a change for the better. The Literary Jteview mentions the house of Nimmo as an addition to those which have been prostrated by the hard times. There is not much possible or necessary to add to the article published in these columns respect ing Mr. Pope Henneasy, the rumored new Qovernor of New South Wales, but I may, perhaps, be allowed a few personal reminiscences. As you may imagine, this must bo a very far away echo. It goes back to the year 1861, a year full of Btirring deeds, one of those years which, with their startling events, cling tenaciously to the memory. In that year the Confederate rebel liou broke out, the Emperor of the French an nounced that he had abandoned the miserable King of Naples to his fate, the Trent affair hap pened, aud the Prince Cousort died. Lord John Russell was Foreign Secretary, Palmerston .was First Lord of the Treasury, and Gladntoue at the Exchequer, and they had enough to do iv the House of Commons in supporting their Italian policy. It was during the discussions on Piedmontebe affairs that the member for King'B County, Mr. Heunesay, became a notable if not eminent man. He and Sir George Bowyer were the leading members of what Punch, the only comic paper in those days, was wont to term the Pope's brass band. Mr. Uennessy, it must be admitted, was very well known in the House at this period, but it was chiefly as an ir repressible, as an adventurer, as a glib-spoken fellow, as the possessor of unbounded impudence, as a man who could not and would not be put down. It used to be said out of doors and in the papers that his principles were those which would best and soonest advance his interests, but this estimate was not a fair one. For example, the same conscientious adherence to the Roman Catholic religion which used to urge him on in his gadfly attacks upon Lord Palmer ston aud the Government foreign policy led him when he went to Hongkong to assume the Governorship, in succession to Sir Arthur Ken nedy, to pay his allegiance to the representative of the Pope first and to the representative of the Queen next. 1 h.ive never been able to see why he should be blamed for thiß. Any blame that accrued should fall upon the people who ap pointed him. He was but loyal to his faith, and acting in the spirit of the Earl of Denbigh, who, Bpeoking for all English Catholics at v great meeting in Londou, created a sensation by declaring that he was a Catholic first and an Englishman next. I cannot remember that the young member for King's County did any good for his Italian friends by the course he adopted at the exciting period to which I refer, but I do remember that the Liberal Government had their way, and that the King of Naples waa consigned to the oblivion ho well merited. I remember, too, the jack-in-the box manner in which Pope Henneasy day after day interrogated aud lectured the Government, aud the c»ol Ettif- atisurauctt with which, folding bia arms and speaking with uubroken lluoucy, ho would deuoiucu the efforts of thuae who wcru reeking to bring about, as they termed it, thu consolidation of Italy and her restoration to national life. The affairs of Poland, a session or two later than this, found the member for King's County again iv the name mauuer to tl«e fon>. For many years Pope Hennessy was a hardwork ing understrapper of the Conservative party, but at length ho took up tho rdle of candid frieud. It was commonly understood that Disraeli never liked him, and eventually made him Governor of Labuan for the sole purpose of getting him out of the way. I can scarcely even now believe that he is to be Governor of a colony like New South Wales, when there are bo many abler and more experienced men who are his seniors. Still that ib no business of mine, and if the New South Welshmen are satisfied I promise to raise no ob jection. Turning over a file of old papers the other day, I was struck with some remarks tn;i<lf .a t public meeting nearly twenty yuara ago by John l;rij;ht on the subject of strikes. I think they are worth reproducing for Brisbane readers just at tho pro- Bent crisis iv one of our local industries. "It has never yet been proved," he said, " that Trades Unions or that strikes are always bad. I dare say that in nine cases out of ten —it may be, for aught I kuow, in ninoty nine cases out of a hundred—a strike had been better avoided. But the strike is the reserved power ; and if I were a working man I should never say I would surrender my right, in combination with others, to take such steps as are legal and moral for the advancement of my interests and the inteießts of those who worked with me." These, it should not be forgotten, were the opinions of a carpet manufacturer who employed a large number of hauds, and who neither then nor subsequently was a warm friend of Trades Unions. Some of the home papers I notice are report ing the unprecedented hauls of sardines on the French coast, and suggesting that the dainty little fish must have changed their quarters. This is altogether a mistake. True, the chief supply once came from the coast of Sardinia; hence the name. But to my knowledge for years the beat fisheries have been off the Brittany coast, and the picturesque Bretagne fishing folk so f ivored by wandering artists are of the sardine catching community. This is a subject which should be interesting to us in the colonies, where in town or in the bush we have every reason for appreciating those toothsome products of the Brit tany fishermen. An explorer told me the other day that in the Never-never country, far from home or friend, the Bight of an empty sardine tin under a tree almost brought tears to his eyes— tears of sentiment as well as appetite. The fish, let me add, for the benefit of the unlearned, are attracted around the boats by ground bait pen haps seven or eight miles from land, are then taken in gill nets, are carefully cleaned and salted, dipped in the best olive oil (boiling), cured, and then packed in tin boxes, which, when soldered, are kept in boiling water for an hour or more. Two or three of these Bretagne fisher families have built up handsome fortunes out of sardines. Where will the rage for clubs end ? The latest proposition is the establishment of a olub for boys. It is to be called the Working Boys' Club, and the subscription is to be 2d. per week. There is no entrance-fee. By-and-bye the shoe blacks at the street corners will decline to "black yer boots yer 'oner," on the ground that they have an engagement at their club. The diffi culty now will be to find a rank, class, profes sion, or trade that has not its "club" and journalistic organ as well " The Working Boys' Club" is in Soho. The mixed clubs for ladies and gentlemen, as was generally predicted, have been productive of plenty of scandals, of some mischief, and of finan cial failure. There is being formed in con nection with the Women'B Provident and Pro tective League, whose rooms are in Little Queen street, Holboro, a Women's Political Club. Yot they tell us that in England women have no rights, and are not allowed to be self-assertive. If the lords of creation do not take care Eng land iv this particular will before long outstrip the Yankeeß. There is mire to bo much heart-burning over the appoinfaMut of a new President of tho Royal Academy. It is high time that institu tion turned over a now leaf. Gradually during the last decade public sympathy, and, more de plorable still, tho confidence of the art world, have been woaned from it. Its government has been a clique, its rule of judgment has become corrupted, and its verdicts bavo lost weight everywhere. The young school of painters, stung by the notorious injustice which overlooked their merits, have learnt to deride and defy it, and tho yearly exhibitions of pictures rejected by the Hanging Committee, rendered at lost absolutely necessary by the impossibility of getting fair play at the Academy, have been a power ful indictment against the Burlington Bouse set. The election of a new president will give an excellent opportunity for beginning an era of reform. The late Sir Francis Grant was a good portrait painter, and also a good courtier, but his influence upon the Academy was the reverse of good. There was, in consequence, too much truth in the accusation that the Ac idemy Exhi bitions had degeuerated into more likeness Bhops. Meritorious works of art—of imagination—were rejected that portraits of Himperiug children, tho wives and daughters of the vulgar rich, and wealthy nobodies who were willing to pay £1000 for the distinction, might be hung in places of honor. These pictures, whoever the artists might be, were as much " potboilers" as the ten shilling daubs which seedy sunken artists furtively hawk at night at the London bars and refreshment counters. Public opinion strongly condemns this blot upon the Academy Exhibition. The Huccessor to Sir Francis Grant is supposed to be Mr. Leighton, who is, if not the greatest, one of the three greatest artists of the day. But Mr. Leighton, 60 it is reported, is to have another painting of notorious everlasting Mrs. Langtrey in the next exhibition. Judging from the last-received papers, the people are getting sick of Mrs. L:ina;trcy and the other "professional" beauties, and the papers are publishing comments upon them which must bo tho reverse of pleafiiiK to —their families. Waterloo Bridge—the last London highway for which, passengers of all kinds uml to pay toll— has bei-u declared free ; the turnpike gates have bf..u at length ruuiovud. Two duyH Liter one -A tho metropolitan dailieo h;ul a p.nngr.iph headed, "First Suicide from Froo WaUrloo Bridge." There is a fine wholesale flavor about this that betrays a refreshing innocence on the part of the paragraphiat of the difference betweon the sub lime and the ridiculous. He must have been the man who onco described the collision of a river steamer with a tugboat an " Dastardly conduct of a steamtug." 