NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—St. Leon’s Circus, Hay-market; skating rink, Academy of Music. Football—Ballarat v Albion Imperial, first twenties, Saxon paddock; City v Ballarat, second twenties, Western Oval; Yarrowee v Pride of the Lake,'Qraene’s paddock. ■ -I Tobiorrow’s-reUgioua services.—Baptist Church, Dawson ,W. Clark, evening, on “The Education . Crisis.” _ Trinity Independent Church— Eev. J. Q. Perkin, morning, and/evening. Ebenez'er Church—Kev. J. Thomson, /morning and‘ evening; waning. subject, “How tobecomaabaolutely sure of salvation.” Mechanics’' Institute—Mr F. Campbell, afternoon dhdbvening.'- ■■ ■ i ■ ~ ■ Particulars of the sticking- up of , the branch of the Commercial Bank at Lancefield will be.found in another part of the paper. The robbers are supposed td be the Kelly gang,., but there" sire some doubts on • this point. • - iThe polling over the licensing. question on. Thors, day reaultedi c so far as Ballaratwasooncemed, in the majority of the ratepayers in. both city and town declaring emphatically against the increase of pub licans’ licensel in the two distridts. The raault/of the voting was made known'on Friday, and the returns' shewed by the/ number of informal: votes recorded that a great tnany. people dld not understand' what they were required to'do 1 ' with"tbo-ballot-papers, the' wording of which was, perhaps, not sufficiently clear to everyone. Some of the -voters indulged in mild jokis without point, such as voting for an increase of ‘lOOO ia the I fit wwJ^h^ftation^ bis ballot per, afldjwas-not oahanied to IsignpffiMname to it. 10 voting jiTthe.city ward— ; Against inqrease;!B27. Inftvdrof an;. increase of 10 ..gO-T 1; of-62, lf!OfVlQ9cS- v I nforma '> '7O-' Csatral favor of an increase of 10, 4; of 12, 1; pf~20,1; of 1000, 3; of 5000, 1. Informal; 228. North ward—Against morSie^lSlr^Tn^lavop^SPaiFltggfegataSißßresßKof: ' 'lnformal; glf.j Total*—Against increase, 1129f/f6r'Mncrea6e;'*i&J; informal, 349. Majority as follows:—Against inom*B,-’BlB^'for.increase,-175; informal. 223. ■ ~ —: Nominations are invited in our advertising columns for the Hurdle Race* Ballarat/lap; Ballarat Handicap,- and Steeplechase, in connection with the forthcoming i Spring Meeting of the Ballart Turf-Club. As this ia AbbeA {special effort on the parf of the club to re suscitate the races on Fpratcpurae, itia to be hoped there will be a good number of’entries forthcoming, and that all personr'interested will do their very utmost yto < make -the meeting a. great success.: . ** v r • In consequence of the Hon. Major r-Smith’a time ■ being occupied by departmental business, the Minis terial visit tp’Hadddnj' projected- for; FHday/has'heen postponed for a week. x . We understand that a movement is'on foot in the electoral district of Rippn, and Hampden to get a re quisition signed to Mr' Gahnt, asking hiih' 4b'be a candidate for that conatituanoy.atrithe.next election. It is thought that the district has dona damage enough; by the return of Mr Longmore, and that the election' of a thoroughly capable man in his place is a Jdutywhich thenonatituenoy. owes to thorcolony by way of reparation. iui >! • j. . A lecture was delivered on Friday evening in the Dawsott street hall by Mr J.' F.’ Hogan; a J member of the Young Men’s Hibernian Society, of Geelong, and ;teacher in St. Mary's.. Catholic school there, the sub ject being “ Daniels OlConnelb andCatholio, Eights.’V There was a good attendance, and Mr J. J. Fitzpatrick occupied the chair. The lecture' was’ l well received, and gave a sketch of o’ConneU’s r .life, and stated the Catholic claims in regard to education.'' At the con clusion a-hearty vote-of-thanka -waa given. toAhe.le.c-... .tufef., Want of -space prevents us publishing this .able lecture in full. A youth named Joseph Stride was admitted into the. Hospital on Friday morning, having fractured his left leg by falling off a load of wood at Sago Hill. \- The committee of the-. Cornish Belief Fund met at theMechanics’ Institute bn“Friday hight;'Mr H. R. : Caselli in the chair. It was reported that the fund 'now'amounted /to £6BO 4s, and-, a number-pf tickets 'for- the -Rev. W. JL QuickCs- lecture on “ Cornwall 1 ’ were distributed for the 25 th instant. On Thursday evening the Rev. John Thomson ex hibited in Ebenezsr Church a‘number of beautiful .views.-1 of Edinburgh, Glasgow, London, Rome, Venice;' &0., giving,. .also .a. description of the principal places' shown.- For the' children' there were'-' exhibited a number of funny scenes, which gave great pleasure to the little folk. A collection -was made in aid,of the Sabbath-school, whichTrealised about £4. A ' vote of thanks to the Rev. J. Thomson and a distribu tion of frpit-to the children closed ..a very pleasant and instructive evaningla entertainment. At the monthly meeting of the Orphan Asylum Committee, held on Tuesday last, the following orphan' children were recommended lor.-, admission, and referred to the sub-committee for report:—One named Hunter, two named Smith, three named Morrison,'three nimedMartin, bneinamed.Bale, q 7 ■I The remains of the late Lieut. Henry Smith were buried in the Old Cemetery on Friday ia the presence of about twenty members of the Masonic fraternity, and a number of other persons. The Rev. W. H, Adeney read the Church of England burial service at the grave,'and Br H; Wheeler, W.M. of cthe Yarrowea lodge, performed the funeral rites appertaining to the Masonic order! : '' : ‘ ' ■’ • 7 The;question of dispensing with the services of the, engineer was again discussed at the meeting of the Water Commission on Friday evening, Cr Ferguson proposed that the services of Mr-Bagge should be dispensed with at three months' notice. Cr Robert son moved as an amendment that the matter be .'referred to-the law : cbmmittee for report. ;-No one seconded the amendment. Cr Scott moved that the question stand adjourned until Wednesday evening, and that the law committee ihbuld- in the meantime send in a report on it to the meeting. After much discussion as to the relative merits of motion and amendment, it was 'finally -agreed, without .'either of them being put to the vote, that the whole question should be again discussed at the next ordinary meet ing of the commission, and settled. — The Rev. W. Clark will speak on the present edu cation crisis in the Dawpoa street. Baptist {Chapel on Sunday evening." , ’ ;l - ■-'-i.iJli ’ and The Mining Department has communicated with the. Ballarat Water Commission, requesting that in view of the difficulties in which the commission is now placed, steps may ba. taken to obtain the best possible revenue from Aha Ofnautnption of water, in order, that, the commission may bein a better position tb'meef the' interest now overdue on loans received from the Go vernment. The letter, which was.read at the meeting of the commission cn Friday night, seemed to some what disturb the minds of those .members who are strong advocates of the id .per, 1000 gallons -supply.. The finance committee will deal with the letter. * The Water Commlasibn-has declined-to’allbw trout angling in the Uppa: Gong Gong reservoir,in Sep tember next, the opening of the season. Nothing has been said with refennee to trout'aUgling in the other dams. The commisiion has also declined to allow a grating to ba placed it the by wash at-the Gong Gong ’dam to keep the fth from getting away down the creek, on the score that the ‘accumulation of dead leaves and other vegetable matter likely to be caused thereby .would.prova dangeroua to the embankment at the time of storms; i, : j HclaU ■’ It was casually mmtioned at the Water Commission meeting on Friday evening that the supply of water in the forest dama vaa onlyjust about, keeping -pace , with the consumption, notwithstanding the fact of the wet; season rapidly'drawing to a close. Cr Claxton rmentioned the matter incidentally,'and'stated that hehoped the commission would look into the question without delay, as the near approach of summer made it a very important ona Commissioners generally did not take much-notice-if the.- statement, andno reply was, made. | \- After the dismounted parade of the Ballarat Cavalry Troop in the Alfrsl-ball on Friday night, an election of a’ serjeant took place, which resulted in Corporal Quigley being ohosan to fill the position. 1 ’ IA young' German- of gentlemanly-exterior,-educa tion, and address; giving; the name ,of >Wm. Lamp maun, , for seven’ Weeks a 'home- 1 at the hotel of ; Mr August Romm, of-Egcrton, upon the! representation thavhe had but recently arrived from -New Zealand,-that his luggage would almost iinme-. diately follow," and that a .remittance through r the- German Consul do Melbourne would, soon come to hand. The period above-mentioned having elapsed: without either of these expectations being fulfilled; reference was made to the German Consulate, and : the reply per, return of post was, that there was no know ledge of any remittances coming to the young matf in question, who in consequence, has departed' to. seek another home.- - We were shown on Friday a set of scenes painted at Ahe Academy of Music by a son of Mr Mathews, the caretaker, to thaordef of a genial Ballarat showman about to undetaker a journey to New Zealand, and do the now popular ghost business. The scenes repre sent several views required in Goethe’s “ Faust',’Vand executed as they are by a young artist not yet out of his teens and, .with little , or no tuition in the scenic art, they are really a credit to him, and give promise of something better yet to emanate from his brush. A few days since a number 1 of farmers’turned but with their teams and gave a day’s ploughing on the ’ land occupied by the recently-widowed-Mrs'-John Skilbaokiandjber little .ones, about a mile south of- Egerton. .Their kindness of feeling did pot end there, but next day was. also devoted to sowing and harrow, ing in,the ground thus prepared; The names of those engaged in the good work are—Messrs Wm. Maher; P.' Murphy, Bunn, and Romm and Burmeister, and the crop put in was six acres of oats. ' u \- A complimentary concert: and .entertainment was, given on behalf of-Mr Field at;the Town Misaion-hall last Thursday evening. ’ About 250' persons attended; ; who spent a very .pleasant,,night7 judging from;tho numerous encores called for. The vocalists .were— Mias Williams;-'Mrs: Blcknell, Misses Field, Furlong, ; and Hosting, Mr and Masters'Field, Mr Stone man,, and the Mission .choir, with~Mr.L. Richardson as pianist, Mr 'Drew gave.’capitally ; some .'. humorous, recitations, as also did'Mr--Williams and Master M’Qregor. <'• .. Messrs R. U. Nicholls and 06., . seedsmen, of Arm strong street, have just prepared a show case of seeds for exhibition at Sydney and‘Melbourne. has been neatly built by Mr C. Schiever, in the form of a truncated with albaaa of l feat 3,'. inches, the sides of the case, being ..covered with -glass, and divided into fifty-six small compartments each. - On .one sida i are '.shown 'agricultural, aeed's,, on 'another vegetable, u ahd'on .the third and .fourth, seeds,! of, trees and shrubs;rand flower seeds—in all, 224,.varieties;' the value of . the case, am} its {contents, being about ,£4O. i 'will be‘;de- BpatchedtolMeffiournS'erirbuteforSydneyta- day.,'.:-, At a mseting .at -.Avon. Plains,on Saturday last the foOowlcg resolution' was ’carried:— ‘‘ Thst juillfhe bpinion-of-tbis meeting the duties 'on agricultural im plements and cornsacks are excessive, and detrimental to, and subversive of, the best interests of the farm ing class; and. that this meeting emphatically deprs cates mjy has fordts opprrigjlSkkpf and tb«MOra|jH of omaion:that the .duties referred to Mj . |i|| A meeting of pennons fairprable to thalormitioh of a iqJconneoUon with'the'rCity of waajield last nigfatig.tho class room of the institution; Mr W. T. C.~Kelly in the chair/' The ohairma& detailed the object of the meet- formation* of 'tf* debating and- dramatic, club. It was resolved/,that allvpreaent .be a com .mittee to carry outthe object;” The'meeting* then' ■'Sdjournedto"Fridayr22ndinßt.- ... Mr CoopeiL,,waa_elacted ;auditor f6r-th t e'-ihiro of Ballan, the voting being—Cooper, 397;,-,’C6kir,~219;; 245\. The returns for the. west the 'shire for a councillor were—Walsh,^2Bs:-,Cantwell, "TO5, i '* ■’ v - 1 In a recent number of the- 'Auslr'alidn and New Zealand Gazette (London).we notice a very .favorable critique of the fifth edition of "Matthias Barr’s pbemsf Mr Barr iß.a_.natiye of Edinburgh^-:and now'a pros perous businessman in London.', t He .has been long, termed bydusadmirera and friends. 11 The Childreh’s Poet -His forte is in .'writing i about home scenes, homely.joys and sorrows,an.d_.jn describing -children and their winning ways, Ac. - .Ha ia one of -the few|poeta;Wh o * 9 i w orkahava He is an old, sohoolfeUow'ahd friend of Mr P.Cimpbell, thabush missionary, now in Ballarat. The poet'and missionary were both educated. at the; Ray. Alexander Bender-, son’s Academy, St. Blana’s road, D unblane, Scotland.' The Argus says:—“ With -regard, to thb 'lO-guinea' medal presented to Sergeant Fagan- by. the president' of the National Agricultural Societyj the inahu.-' facturers, Messrs Stokes and'Martin, have seht an /explanatory statement. The cost'of the : medal : in question was £lO, and it waa.made of-gold.and copper, in about equal proportions. .It _ wasT similar 'to the i other medals supplied .to .the'.society, which, were necessarily alloyed, in order to .bring. them up to the requited - ' size;'-’ without' exceedingvtho ! price- fixed upon."' - - The charga against- James Mace, John Thompson, Abe Hicken, andL. Foley, for conepiribg'.tq'. bring about a prize fight has again bean-postponed at the request of'tha Croyyn, for the'same reason as;the pre "vibus postponements were made, namely, the absence of Foley.—The three.other defendants, Mace, Thomp son, and ,/Hipken, were, alio wed to enter into bail. before a police magistrate. . As we f Argus) have, already indicated, some mys tery attaches,to .the Border duties negotiations which have just been concluded. 'Mr Sillies, referring to the proposal .that-HeW; South Wales should give up duties to the amount of £76,000 per annum, and re ,ceiTe > nothing in’retarn,Baid that Ministers could only bavameant.to .inault.the Government of the sister colony ,when they made such'an offer. "Mr Lalor in-’- tejjected,l made no such ridiculous proposal” Mr Gillies replied, “ Then why. did the Treasurer say so ?” and Major Smith; amid-general laughter, answered,- “The statement-1 made came-from the Customs De- I partmanti” ;The full correspondence is to be placed before the, Ho.uaa. on Tuesday. ’ A portion, which "has* been published ih'Sydney," includes a'letter' from 'Mr Lalor, which bears; put’ exactly the interpretatioh’of the Customs Department and of Sir .Henry Parkes/- '■ Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Adver ‘tiserja rbsponaibla.for the following:—“The third party has been definitely formed, and they have agreed* upon the distribution, of . honors, i Mr Casey is to beihe, Premier, and the Cabinet seats will he distributed as follows Minister of Justice, Mr Gauhsoh; Minister' of Mines'-Mr R. Clark (Sandhurst)'; Commissioner of Customs, Mr Cooper; Attorney-General (to. be deter mined upon after the, next election, as some leading barrister mil then come forward); Postmaster-General, Mr Miinro (he may be Commissioner of Customs); Minister of ..Lands, Mr Gaunson (if he does not accept the office of Minister of Justice). The programme of, the Third Party is to be moderate, and it is under- - stood that they will stand by a reform of the . Upper House by reducing the qualifications of the members and the electors. They have no hope to carry their /programme in'this Parliament, but they intend to go to the country upon it. Such is the present state of the House.- At the general election it will be Mr Casey versus Mr.Berry. I 'understand that ,Mr Ser vice will -be -thrown -overboard altogether with his followers.” .KA . V 7; ■ ■ While thebeadof-theßailwayDspartmentis engaged in attempting.to.showothat something may be.wrong, with the,“.Consett” rails, it .may be appropriate (says the Argus) for us to publish the results of certain facts which fell’under the observation of'.three gentle-: men who were on the Qippsland railway, yesterday between Berwick and Fakenham, showing .that , the permanent way has.been Coo, lightly laid, the traffic too heavy, the quality' of the' rails and'that the system of inspection is not at all good. In twelve places, rails ware found to be split and bulged out at the aides, and flakes or splinters several inches long were picked, up. When. the xails .were split, they, appeared'to have become widened to the extent of- an inch or more on the inner side, and the projecting part was then cutoff by the flange of the wheel. - In one instance the rail still remained bulged, and as the . bulge must have the effect of throwing the wheel out of line, it did not seem at all. safe. In numerous places bits the.,size of a fourpenny-piece bad been picked out of the polished' surface of the metals. One of the members of the party was Mr Bosisto, MiL.A, who has furnished us with specimens of the splinters, and.given us authority,to mention his name.... In one'■ case"the splinter is 9 inches" or 10 inches long; and at its widest part r | inch- broad. The. damaged rails did. not'occur at sidings or points,'but oh the main lino. ‘ Friday’s Ararat Advertiser says “An instance of the great delay in the transit of the mails consequent upon the .inconvenient running of the trains under the exietingtime-table, is given rin the non-receipt of. the English mail this morning. A;, telegram was re ceived . yesterday. forenoon to Abe effect that, the Assam'passed Cape' Otway at 9.10 a;m.', and would reach the Heads at 3 p.m., yet letters-will not be delivered in Ararat until twenty-five hours after wards, though they are brought.on by raiL On the arrival of the' bags at Stawell, a further delay of over' half a day is caused, and they reach Horsham, the terminus of the line, long after the post-office is closed for the night, being delivered on Saturday morning. Before the great expense of railway exten sion to this-district was incurred, when-the, mail, steamer reached the bay at 3-o'clock in the > after-- noon, letters were brought on by coach, and were in \- Ararat by 8 the following morning, effecting a saving in time of nine hours, and. till lately the return mail would be back in the" metropolis'a couple of hours be fore it can at present reaoh us. 'Sweeping reforms are the order of the day; and we should' imagine? that in no department of the Government , service is reforma tion more needed than in the. management of the rail ways, unless they, can be mads to equal in speed the superseded coaches of Cobb and Cos.” , The manner in which the salary paid to the late Postmaster-General (Hon. H. Cuthbert) has been allocated, /is shown in a return presented to Parlia ,'ment oh" Thursday, setting forth the expenditure out of moneys £l4,ooo.set apart under schedule D,,to act 18 and 19 yiot,. Mr Cuthbert received a salary-, of '£l4oo per annum,..but since his retirement from .the Ministry that amount has been distributed among the remaining Ministers, eaqb of whom received an ad ditional £175 per annum, bringing their respective emoluments up to the following amounts;—Chief Secretary (Graham Berry), £2175; Attorney-General (Sir B/O'Loghlen), £1875; Minister of Justice (J. M. Grant), £1675; Commissioner, of Crown Lands and Survey (F. Longmore), £1675; Commissioner of, Public Works (J. 8.-Patterson), £1675; Commissioner of Trade'and, Customs (P. Lalor), £1675; Commis sioner of Railways and Roads (J. Woods], £1625; and Minister- of Mines (W. C. Smith), £1675. Total, £13,999T9s 6d. Mr Cuthbert retired from office on the 29th July of last year, and the other Ministers each drew their proportion of Mr Cuthbert’s salary for.the remaining eleven months of the financial year, viz., up to the SOth-of June following, the result being a-net saving to the State of the munificent sum of 6d I; We notice from the same return that the only remaining political pensions are; —Hon. H. C. E. ChUders; late Commissioner, of Trade and Customs, £866 13s 4d; and SirC. Q.Duffy, late Commissioner of- Crown Lands-and Survey, £lOOO. The Hev. 'J. Thomson will begin a new series ;of lectures to-morrow, evening,- in -Ebenezer Presbyterian Church;,subject, .“ How to'become absolutely sure of salvation.” , The'Rev. J. G, Perrin will preach in Trinity Inde pendent Church to-morrow, morning and evening. B •’ The Australian bush and goldfields missionary will ‘ hold undenominational and voluntary services in the ;Mechanics’ Institute to-morrow (Sunday) ;at 3 and 7 o’clock'-p.m - ,; the doors being opened at 2.30 and 6.30 p>m., when brief discourses' will be preached. The afternoon's subjects- will,. we are informed, be—l. “What is education J 1 ’7:2. “The Bible, in State schools.’?.' 3. “ Ought denominational religious schools to be supported by the State ?” In the evening the theme will be " Varieties of hopes and the pleasurea of,hope,” .Sanksy’s hymn books will'be lent' to the congregations, and collections made for the preacher’s own voluntary bush mission; ' , ; • Through the courtesy I 'Of the Ballarat Football Club the Saxon paddock-was on: Friday" the scene .of the haatoh-between-the old rivals, for premiership, the Ballarat Collage and the Christian Brothers’ /school. The match’.commenced; after 3 O’clock, and for the first half .the school had decidedly , the best;of; it, the marking of- Brophy, O'Malley,, Garden, and O'Connor being splendid. During this : half the ball was played principally about the college (jlosts, although by a; few- fine -rushes it was taken to the school goal nowr and then, .where once? Mitchell, for the college, had an easy chance, which was, how ever, not. taken. O'Malley for the school shortly after kicked (he only goal scored for the day, although After half-time^ha^colleKefh^' 1 rather eyTT' principally through the mM? tha *>rat ohh, ,i,! *- aon and H. Sutherland! and fe 1 PUy * T ifi? chance* to score hnV t -T 4 ? a couple JSH Robertson, Bushbv E it,, {essfiassS«aS been.condemned to d*»a>w* ** goa j, . • the Vienne for one of the m! Ooprt of 4,? ft# .record.. .Bhej or ?e dha r e r d ' a eight, to take with her 4 ' ' and some pieces of wood, ' expired in the most horrfbh tZ fortutl «« S Bnant, Dixie, . Ham. M'Or.™ £ °Hcwine;—p.n Sutherland, Uprtie, M‘Ral ' M^ oBBl4o * E % ’ : Rogers, Greenwood, Erophy’y fl^ rm “ U . T »Jl«r , llumy. Angus, Cockbarn, . S . t ; R® 011 « circus was again well a night, and the' varied netform tt naed »»Fridi, applauded by thb ipactatbL- The rt BM he «ffly "|d «t M ° £ the clown, the tamblL ' and stately capering of the trains* “S very good, and the riders ehowrf ffar6 3 accomplished artists in their wav tI thBy Wet * >ll afternoon and evening entertainment That now popular place of on». rink at the Academy of Mnsi^tf^jL 4ll4 8, “% evening. USK ’ W «1 M.op® tig 