A Ghost Story. Tkk writer of " London Town Talk " in the Argus says :—Tho Bieliop of Glouces ter and Bristol wn? asked tlie other Jay to odjudicnto npon a matter in dispute between a rector in his diocese and his curate. Tho latter had undertaken to occupy an old manor houso in the parish, but hridafterwardsdeclincd to do so, and demanded lodging money instead. His defence- was that tlio houso had tho reputation of boing haunted, and that his nerves were -not strong enough for the place. The bishop went down to investigate tho circumstances, and the curate brought two witnesses, one tho churchwarden and ono a previous curato, who testified to the existonco of tho ghost, and convinced the bishop. It ib not my, habit to discourse upon other folks' privato affairs, and it will suffice ito Boy the apparition was tho famous, blue lady of the Methncn family, Tho 'testimony, of tho .curate Btrikcs mens peculiar, from its commonplace and any thing but supernatural character.. "I hnd livod in the house somo weeks," ho says, " and never experienced any annoyance, though I was woll acquainted with the tradition belonging to it. Ono .morning, in. tho Bummer, 1 had to go by train to London. I had packed my portmanteau, but whilo .at breakfast remembered that I had omitted some thing. My bedroom was rather dark, so I dragged tho portmanteau out into ,tho corridor, which waa very well lit and into which several doors oponod. As I knelt down to unstrap- my pdrtmantoau I becamo concions of o fouling of awo nnd terror, to which I can givo no name, except the conventional ono of supor nattiral.' I knew, though I hnd my back ty them, thai somo one was coming upstairs; thero was.no footfall, but 'when what was coming drew quite clobo I looked np, and saw a woman dressed in blue. She gazed upon mo vacantly, but wl-nt I particularly noticed was that she made a little detour to avoid the portmanteau, then she walked through nn open door into one of the rooms. . I. was not so frightened but I felt now or nover was tho time, to solvo tho mystery. I therefore followed the figure into the room, which wns baro of furniture and quite empty. ? The window, it is true, was open, but thoro wos a sheer descent from, it of 14ft. to 15ft. ' I |tave no explanation to offer; I only know that I shall never bo the samo man again." 