MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. ? w An extensive withdrawal of Catholic children is taking place from the public schools of New South Wales in accordance with the desires of. the clergy. Shearing is now progressing at the North, and during the week upwards of 350 shearers have been despatched from Adelaide for the sheds in that locality. It is proposed to colonise New Guinea with Italians, and some have now sailed for that colony. The special train on the Rivoli Bay line was almost thrown off on Monday. A. searching enquiry into the case has resulted in the finding of a piece of trolly wheel, which had been evidently placed on the line by some evildis posed persons. The Government have offered £100 reward for their apprehension. A ghost illusion is now being shown by Mr. D'Archy Bead at White's Booms, Adelaide. The entertainment which i» reported t* be very amusing is expected to visit the provinces, and take Gawler in its way. Mr. Lewis, an actress of great rapute in Victoria, has arrived in Adelaide, and will occupy the stage of the Theatre Boyal to morrow evening. Mr. Rignold has just con cluded a successful engagement, and leaves for Melbonrne shortly. Gold has been discovered near Quorn, and it is supposed that a large auriferous area exists there. Some small nuggets of good quality were lately brought to the town by an old miner. The foundation stone of the Adelaide Univer sity, a building to cost £25,000, was laid on Wednesday by His Excellency Sir F. D. Jervois. There was a large attendance, 2,000 persons being present. Several visitors from the country were there, and His Worship th« Mayor (H. E. Bright, jun.,) was among them. reports that our old friend, Mary Ann fteoent, is again to the front, and \\\M been fined £1 for drunkenness, She ha§ shptwii her sense of deoenpy \ff leaving- Gawler, .As sshotring the richness of the Hodgkiuson, (Queensland) diggings, it is reported that a crushing of 1,398 tons of quartz yielded 3.5-- 0 ounces of retorted gold. Other excellent results from auriferous stone are mentioned Free passes have been granted to labourers in want of work «n the Nairne railway. Diamonds are reported to have been found at Auburn and other localities. One of the most Mtfos conflagrations of modern times Geourved. io Russia on April 28th wheR $he town. of. Orenburg was almost totally destroyed, Intelligence fust to hand giv«» fuller intelligence than that recently arrived by telegram^ awJ the extensive character of the ire wUl Ufe understood when it is stated that it humed over an area of four miles square and embraced 949 houses, 3 churches, 4 nulls' 300 shops, 4 markets, 10 caravanserai*, 8 timber yards, Law Courts, poli-& station, banks* colleges, and other n^ie bnildii^ No lives were lost, but gi*a* -fes&tu.ti.o;» prevail*, most of the sufferers having luwl all their effects burned j Locusts have made their appearance in the crops near Kapunda. Mr. Arthur, of that locality, has had 300 acres spoiled by these pasts. We have heard of no complaints from the farmers of this district in reference to them. 8 [At Kapunda .on Tuesday last a youth named icholLs fired a pistol off accidentally in a young lady's face. Some of :the powder entered the skin and eyes, and she had a very narrow escape of losing her life. Persons who do not know how to use firearms should be careful. 