THE JOINT PASTORAL AND THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS ACT . (CONTIXtrHD FIJOM TUB KYDXBY DAILY TFLKClt.UMI, DI-WKMIIKIl I.) By a Tun: Catholic. vir. I. From all this it is evident that the question of primary education in our Public schools, or, as Ihey are caded, mixed school, is still a question sub judiec; a question on which theologians, jurists, statesmen, am! publicists may have their pros and contra — or, as El. Paul would express it, Every man can abound in his own opinion." Now, Benedict XIV. teaches, in his fatuous work "Do Svnodo Dio- ccsana," which every bishop should know by heart as a child knows the Apostles' creed, that bishops must be careful not to act us judges, and define a question upon which the Church has not pronounced sentence. His words we have already quoted. Not satisfied with this he goes farther, and savs that bishop have no power whatever to legislate in Provincial and iiliii.ii iwr> ii uuu.-, >iuu IIULIUV <1 controverted among theologians anil doctors, and not yet definitely settled by the Church authority, more especially if a strong prejudice may be cngcudcrcd, and thereby timid consciences may be wounded or disturbed" (I). The Archbishop, therefore, and bishops exercising urisdictioii in New South Wales, who by their joint Pastoral have condemned Public schools, ami made it a penal law for Catholics sending their children to such schools, have assumed an office which does not belong to them, and acted as judges in a question regarding which they have no legislative power. Consequently their enactment is radically wrong, and essentially invalid and null. They have caused confusion to timid souls, disturbed their con science, and hurt their faith. 2\. The late Vatican Council condemned many errors, defined many dogmas, and dealt with many of the prevailing opinions of the day. But in its delibera tions there is nothing to throw light on the Education question. YVe must then go back to the Council of Trent — the grandest the world ever witnessed. In that council wc find .ill tho so-called mixed questions — questions of civil and ecclesiastical bearings, matri monial cases, cases concerning benefices, criminal cases, Ac. — treated distinctly and canonically settled.- Thcro also the question of immunities, privileges, liberties and rights of the Church on matters which might engender political discord is clearly expounded and determined. But on going attentively through its tweuty-iivo sessions, we cannot find a single sentence relating to the Education question, or primary schools, Public schools, .State schools, colleges, academies, universities ; and yet if there ever was a time when such a vital ques tion should have been discussed and legislated upon, that was the most seasonable time. The Bo- formation had cast a new principle of religious re volt, mtii 1 lw» rtf mvil lit".. KrirMntv L-..I ct a new course of things ; the people had begun to appreciate letters and culture ; they had opened their eyes and learned to read and write. A line of de marcation was drawn between tho Church ami the Stale. The clerical world was driven out of tho lav world and confined to the work of its own sacred calling. In such a religious crisis, if the Education question was a question purclv, or at least ehioily, ecclesiastical, the Fathers would undoubtedly ha\o taken it up, aiul made it a subject of their deliberations and legislation in council. Thov did not do so. They did not even mention it. Their silence, then, in such stormy times is a clear sign that they did not consider It a question exclusively within the province of eccle siastical jurisdiction— a question upon which they they could legitimately deliberate. 3\. The Archbishop and bishops exercising jurisdic tion in Now South Wales take a widely different view of the matter, and in their joint Pastoral plainly state — " Let it be borne in mind that this is distinctly a religious question — the groat religious question of the day and so tlicy expect to have r» full control over the public instruction of those entrusted to their pastoral charge, and to exercise their power in rcgu- atiug their studies, in selecting books, in choosing ami approving teachers, in carrying out the discip line uud so on ; while tho Government claims ail this for themselves as a special function of their office, and as the only means of promoting the good of so- und harmonious unity of the colony. Now, Benedict XIV. must, have been a prophet when he wroio such a plain yet culling article as he did in his " Syuodo Diouesana " to leoiuro the Arch bishop and Bishops of Now .South Wales, ami expose tho silliness of their joint Pastoral. The article is as follow No controversy is to he decided in Svnod (and a portion not out of Svnodl which deals with matters of jurisdiction between the secular and ecclesiastical power " (2). In explaining this article, the great Pone repeats over ami over again the same thing, as it Lo indicate l hut he wishes it to he well understood l»v those for whom he writes, and quotes the authority of the Canonist Fagnanus. Moreover, he states that it is one tiling to affirm a controverted right, and another thing to vindi cate a just right from an unjust aggressor. Of course it is the duty of bishops to defend the latter with sacerdotal fortitude, but they have to abstain altogether from the former, and with reason, because it would he wrong lo establish by canonical satiations as ecclesiastically right what is politically questionable. L'uthermore ho commends those bishops who always walk straight in the path of duty, and never invade by their decrees the pro vince of the secular power, and lays down very clearly the policy which they should follow iii difficulties and points iu dispute. <. Here it must bo owned that the Education ques tion ia a difficult question, more particularly in the colony of New South Wales, on account of the particular matures of the Public Schools Act. The majority of iho people seem to be pleased with it. 'The Government claims the entire manage ment of public instruction, and guarantees such re ligious liberties as should satisfy any denomination. Hence the question is, ! Jfow D a bishop to conduct himself with regard to it ?" BenedictXIV. answers —"That a bishop may not err in this difficult and arduous business, and be carried away hv indiscreet zeal, and give rise to grave discord between the priest-hood and the civil power, before attempting to do anything iu the matter he must consult the circumstances of time ami place, and particularly the nature of things and causes" (3). Had the hierarchical heads of the Catholic Church in this colony followed this policy, surely thoy would not 'have rushed into print and issued the joint Pastoral, nor denounced Public schools so as to cause so many articles and letters to bo writ ten and statistics to" lie divulged through the public newspapers injurious to the Church, and highly humiliating for the Catholics. But suppose the Education question was net a controverted right — suppose that thu Church could justly chum a certain control over primary education : and yet tho Govern ment, from reasons arising from political cireum- stances of the time and place, would poli test it, ami affirm it for itself, as in faci the rulers of our laud do — what has n bishop ill Synod or out ot nnmd to do them ? Bene dict \l\\. replies— "As it w to he despaired at tin Lituc that the secular power will suffer lo he kept within tho limits formerly assigned lo it, a bishop would act imprudently if in his Synod he would decree something ho as to attempt by" it to regain the jurisdiction once attributed tohim. J!e would under take to decree alhingabfiolutcly impossible, and oll'eml ftho iStnlc or prince without any Church benefit." According to this, then, it would be an act of glaring imprudence to legislate, as our prelates have done, on point of Government dispute, ami expose the Church authorities to public contempt and ridicule. l-mally, l.enedict XIV., while requesting bishops <U. I,oo.rit.Hb. Vll.,c. l.,p. 1. (2) Bib. IX., e. 0. | (.1) Lcc. elt. No. 2. X. Loo. cit., No. 13. not nUow any lav-prince to meddle iu causes purely spiritual aud ecclesiastical, warns them that in mixed causes, in causes of Church and State bearings, such as the Education question in this colony, their chief endeavours must be to keep cntire that part of jurisdiction they may enjoy in such causes. But in doing this they may bear in mind that rash assump tions and provoking denunciation arc out of place; and the greatest prudence; eircliffi.Qiccifoh. and dex terity ate required ; and in all other things of a simitar bearing, if the. limits of ecclesiastical juris diction arc extended by privilege or custom beyond the sanctions of common right, bishops have only one thing to do — they have to take care that such jurisdic tion is not curtailed by their carelessness or conve nience; and by doing this thev may rest sure that with out lighting for disputed rights, or for limits of con tested jurisdiction, they have discharged the duties of their sacred office abundantly well (I). 5. Hence, it is clear that bishops have full power by the canons to legislate in causes nnrnR- nnirif.ua ami nnnlnaian tienl, but not in mixed causes— in causes of civil and ecclesiastical jurisdiction, and much less if the case is a debated one. Now, the Education question in this colony has .been, since, its foilmhUicn, ro: garded as a pUrifiy civil add Governmental cause, and treated accordingly by the rulers of the land. But admitting, as the bishops seem to admit, that it were a mixed cause, it shall always be a disputed one. nnd therefore they have no power, either by tho sncreu canons or in virtue of their episcopal consecration, to make laws and regulations regarding it.; and con sequently their joint Pastoral, as an ecclesiastical document, is canonically invalid and null, and the Prophet is right in saying, "Because the pastors have done foolishly, and have not sought the Lord, therefore liaVc they not understood, and all their fiock w scattered:" (Isais x; 21). vhr. 1\. Ncnv it will be seen that it has no moral force and validity, even as a purely Church enactment. Bishops, as successors of the Apostles, individually taken; arc commissioned by Christ to explain His doctrine to the people — to teach and baptise, not to legislate. The text which is generally quoted from the Acts, where it is asserted that "bishops arc placed by the Holy Ghost to rule the Church of God," can with equal accuracy be applied to every priest charged with the care of souls ; and, in fact, tho original codex has prcsbyterw, and not ej>itcopas riieotlior text, from St. Matthew, " All things whatsoever you shall bind on earth they shall be bound also in heaven," is strictly to be understood of the power of remitting and retaining sins, which is common to evory priest lawfully ordained. Still, it can not be Questioned bishops have a legis lative power. To say tho contrary, according to Suarcz, would be unsound and injurious to faith. But it is canonically certain that bishops can exercise such a power iu council only, and not out of council. For the Holy Ghost speaks through the mouth of thu pastors as one mystical body, and Christ promised to be in the midst of them when congregated in his name. Bonixono of t he best canonist who have professedly written on the authority of bishops, lias the following proposition to the purpose, which he calls incontrovertible : "Solum in Svnodo, habel(epis- copus) legirtlatiraui potcalatem, sen jurisdictionem ; unique id extra eonlroversiam apud omnes" (1). Benedict XIV., speaking of reserved casus — a thing which bishops think very easily done— gives three rcaso»3 why such reservation should be made in Synod. The third reason is, " Because it would then as.Mtme the uattire of law." " Induit iiaturnm lugia." 2\. Again, it is canonically certain that all the laws enacted by bishops in council have no moral obligation unless enacted after consultation with the clergy, after afkiug their opiniou and «.4i.ui.uvu.i; UIU UlUkLVl U- UlUUlOg ICa MUSCIISHIOIl In old times the consent was asked, by tho word /itatxt, of all those attending the conneil. Now Uenediet XI V. says, that where there is a chapter attached to the cathedral, the canons are to he con sulted, who are called ' consiliarii liati cpiscoporum." Where there is no chapter the dignitaries of the Church take of course their place — such as arch deacons, arclipriests, deans, vicars-forain, and senior- priests, who are called by St. Jerome the Church Senate— 'Senatum Eceleshe." Which wholesome pautice, as iJcnediet Xt\r. remarks, is thnromdily re commended by the Apostolical Canons, hv the fourth Council of Carthago, and strictly ob served by St. Cyprian. Again, JJenedict XIV'., laving down tho order to bo followed in drawing up sviiodi- eal decrees and Constitutions, says, that before 'deter- miumg anything it is expedient tlmt bishops should ask the opinion of the vioars-forain,of the parish priests, of confessors, and cither virtuous and prudent Church- men, ami leave it to theologian.s and canonists of learning, prudence, and piety to devise in private congregations the manner iu which matters are to be sweetly and etliec.aciou.dy defined. If this be observed in making Church laws, doubtless these laws hind l.v their moral force the conscience of the faithful, anil it is always sinful to transgress them. Uut if this he omitted, then, no matter how just and reasonable those laws may lie, they impose no moral obligation whatever, nor can they lay claim to the submission and religious oI.ediei.ee of the people, as they arc wanting ill tiic formalities rerpiirod hv the canons, so they are eanonically powerless and dead. As an illustration of this I may rpiote a homely case. It is the council of the Archbishop and Uishops of Australia, held in Melbourne in 1-Si-. Under the invocation ot the Holy Gliost they enacted three 'decrcta proviiicialia " and fifteen " ohscr- vanda j ' but on being sent to Home for approval . 1?flfllf« lint. Htllf rnliwr.il fn „ C .t \\_..L " — j iu Ut lircill, via utterly rejected them, on the ground that the council was void of it essential requisites. Those "decrcta" and obs.crvatida" were drawn up by the bi.-hops alone, without consulting any canonist and theolo gian. without asking the opinion of anvbudy, without any debate of auy kind. They are printed, and hear the date— Datum Apud, -Melbourne, festo Omnium buuutoriiiui, ISt»2 ; but, by reason of their uucanonieity and legal nullity, are never quoted in Australia as Church laws, or Htatutes or regulations ; and their observance has never been enforced, although no doubt they regard matters of very great importance. TUo joint Pastoral of the Archbishop and bishops of New .South Wales labours under the same canonical defect: 1. It was not issued in Synod, but at a meeting, which means nothing" 2. Lt was issued without any of the formalities required by law, without any theological discussion, without asking the opiuibu of any dignitaries in the Church, without contrasting thc'subject with the circumstances of the people, time, and place— "Quod si episoopua inconsulto capitulo novas Con- stitutiones edidcrit utque in Syuodo proimilgaverit, ilhu profecto utpote deficicntes a norma a jure pricseripta liruiiiato carebunt." These are the words of Benedict XIV., who, moreover, adds that though a bishop ciui hold a Synod ill any place iu his diocese, it is becoming that lie should convene it iii the Cathedral Church us the fit locum loci. The joint Pastoral hears uo date as to thu place of it promulgation. No local sacredncss ami ecclesiastical character is attached to it, and, in sooth, it looked as an abnormal act that has been brought into existence adrift. It is "given in Sydney in June, 1S7U," but how and where God knows. Ts it thus that tho Church laws are decreed and soleiuuly proclaimed ? I. The enactments, then, of the said joint Pastoral, the condemnation of tho Public schools, the reserva tion by which no priest can absolve parents who send theiv children to such schools, and all other injunc tions and exhortations— arc such strange hierarcliial oflahoota as to impose no moral obligation oil Catholic consciences, l»v reason ol their being canonical! v in valid and null ; and any upright, intelligent man would regard them, not as legitimate issues of UiiureU legislative power, but as monstrous abortions of oro/.ierod gladiators. (1) Wi>. cir. No. 12 — 13. ( I ) Bollix do KpEeopo. Tom. 2 pars U, c. 10. (uj Idem L cit. 