NED THE LARRIKIN. By Henry Kendall. A song that is bitter with grief — a ballad, as pale; .. :? as the light That comes with the fall of the leaf, I sing in the shadows to-night. The laugh on the lyrical lips is sadder than laughter of ghosts Chained back in the pits of eclipse by wailing un nameable coasts. I gathered this wreath at the close of a day that! was dripping with dew : The blossom you take for a rose wa3 plucked from the branch of a yew. ' The flower you fancy i3 sweet has black in the ; place of the red ; Fox* this is a song of the street — the ballad of larrikin Wed. ? lie stands at the door of the sink that gapes like a fissure of death : The face of him fiery with drink, the flame of its fume in his breath. . He thrives in the sickening scenes that the devil has under his ban : . . . A rascal not out of his teens, with the voice of a ? . vicious old man ! A blossom of blackness, indeed— of Satan a sin ister fruit ! ' Far better the centipede's seed— the spawn of the adder or newt! : Than terror of talon or fang this imp of the alleys iB worse : v His Bpeech is a poisonous slang — his phrases are coloured with curse. Tii3 prison, the shackles, and chain are nothing to him and his type : He sings in the shadow of pain, and laughs at the impotent stripe. There, under the walls of the gaol, the half of his ' ' life has been passed He was born in the bosom of bale— he will go to the gallows at last. No angel in Paradise kneels . for him at the feet of the Lord ; A Nemesis follows his heels, in the flame of a sinister sword. The sins of his fathers have brought this bit terness into his days — His life is accounted as nought ; his soul is a brand for the blaze. Did ever his counteuanee change ? did ever a moment supreme Illumine his face with a strange ineffably beau tiful dream ? Before ho was caught in the breach — in the pits of iniquity grim, Did ever the Deity reach the hand of a Father to him ? Behold it is folly to say the evil was born in the blood ! The rose that io cankered to-day was once an immaculate bud. Here might have been blossom and fruit— a harvest exceedingly fair, Instead of the venomous root, and flowers that startle and scare. The burden — tho burden is theirs, who, watching this garden about, Assisted the thiafcle and tares, and stamped tho divinity out ! A growth like the larrikin Wed — a brutal un qualified clod, Is what yo are helping who'd treed on the necks of tho propheto of God. No more than a damnable weed ye water and find foster, ye foolg Whoso aim iB to banish indeed the beautiful Christ from tho schools. The merciful wonderful light of the seraph Eeligion, behold, These evil ones shut from tho sight of the children who weep in the cold. But verily trouble shall fall on such, and their portion shall be A harvest of hyssop and gall, and sorrow as wild as the sea. For the rose of a radiant star is over the hills of the East : And the fathers are heartened for war — tho pro phet, the saint, and the priest ! For a spirit of Deity makes the holy hierophants strong ; And a morning of majesty broaks, and blossoms in colour and song. Yea now by the altars august the elders are shining supreme ; And brittle and barren as dust is tho spiritless secular dream. Its life as a vapour shall end — as a fog in the fall of tho year ; For the Lord is a Father and Friend, and the day of His coming is near. 