I A STEP ON THE STAIR. I A STEP on the stair-I know it well A rustle by silken garments mode, A sound like thut of a human, hand Nervously clutching the balustrade. These I have heard for many a year In tho silent pauses of every night ; I have watched, but never would aught appear Confirming tho ghostly sound with sight, At the midnight hour ' tis always there The trailing silk-tho step on the stair, n. 'Tis a quaint old mansion where I stay, Tho bedroom ancient where I sleep, "With curious carven furniture. And curtains dusk o'er windows deep. Tho oaken floor is dry with years, And creaks to every footstep there ; But tho room is silent when I hear Tho trailing silk-the etep on the stair. Sometimes it pauses beside my door, Then paces again tho hollow floor. ni. " What bodes the visitor here ?" I said, And trimmed my lamp and watched again. Cautiously oponed the paneled door And searched tho quivering dark in vain. Outsido the landing space was wide, Tho polished floors were always bore. I heard tho garments brushing aside And going down-tho stop on the stair ; Aye.'going down till it seemed to fall And rest on tho lowest stop of all. ? rv. I spoko, and the hand on tho rail slid down, And a sound as a ring on carven wood ; In tho hall below a sigh so deep Came audibly awful where I stood. I entered the room with trembling haste And barred the door with a cumbrous chair, And thon again-the trailing of silk Ascending, I heard the step on the stair Ascending and slowly pacing by, With the rustling silk and deep-drawn sigh. v. * Women are brave in the parlour light, . And mon will joke at the tales of ghosts ; But ho who sleeps in that silent room Nevor again of his valour boasts. The timid domestics whisper fears And shun tho stairs when tho dark comeB . " on. This was tho dread for tho many years] While I have slept in the room alone : No night oan pass but the listener there May boar the measured step on the stair. . VT. With throbs at my heart that broke all rest, . . That sleepless night I sat in my chair ; I heard the sigh of the wind-outside ...And the sigh moro awful on the stair ; All that old memories stored away I Bearohed in vain ; tho problem sought Lay buried deep in tho after-life That awakens fear and vexes thought ; Whilo ever the step and sigh the same I heard till tho gray of tho morning carno, va. Outsido, by the stairs; in a mouldered frame, Is a picture of one in silk and lace A stately dame of tho olden time, With ourled groy hair and a haughty face. I said to the servitor : " Who is thia ?'* And he, with a harrowing look, replied : " You have heard it, then-tho step on the stair? It is years, aye, fifty, since she died ! And ever since then-she was mistress here The guests of that room her footsteps hear, vin. ' * This, my ladyi was proud and high, ( ' And her son as proud and high as sho ; Bat ho was fierce and given to. feud Bad blood ran thick in the family. Ono night tho father and son, in wino,. - Brawled at a kinsman's and fought with swords, And late, in tho midnight, - covered with blood, . " Their dead, dead , bodies carno horns on . boards- ; ; Laid down thoro, at tho foot of the stair Oh I the blood was running everywhere ! ix. -..'"? "My lady hoard-yes, that was her room O, sho was white I but her step waa staid You would nevor have known she oared at \- all v -: '-- ? , ? . '. But by her dutch at tho balustrade. And thon "her ring, os it smote tho oak, Wounded her hand till it blod Uko theirs ; But she saw naught but tho two, nor Bpoko ; Sudden sat down on tho dabbled stairs, She cried nor spake, but rigid as steno, ? Only stared down at father and son. " - - .' 3C. " The women cried-but she eat still, ,. And never a sign of word or tear ; Her face was blanched as any snow, But her eyes were awful-so blaok and clear 1 . - . v Her maid in her frenzy took her hand, But shrieked as it foll from her grasp like lead. ." '-.?'.-"'?>. ' :'V There sat my lady-still high and grand, But'meroy^O save us I one was dead I Now, every night sinoo sho sat down there ' Her step is hoard cn the oaken stair." sr. I pondered-there is no grace in this Tis a somewhat dreadful talo of blood ; But no whit wiser, in that I seek That which has never beon understood. Resolve and courage should furnish mo This ohamber tilt I had conquered fear And measured tho moral power of ghosts. This is why I'm domiciled hero ; 'And the love I havo for the antique grace That stays with spirits in such a place. XII. I Uko tho chamber quiet and dim . Booauso of its quaint upholstery, . With its upright bedstead, carved and tall, Its purple ourtains and canopy, Its high-bucked chairs of twisted oak, Its mighty ftre-placo graved in stono, Fire-dogs grinning asleop on tho hearth And tho blinking griffins wrought thereon, And cabinets old, where sculptured Fates Are holding tho titles to vast estates. XIII. I Uko its groining and tapestry And its mullioned windows, where I seo Tho first red rays of the sun illume Th6 walls, with their sculptured blazonry ; Where the curtains flame with flowers of gold . And tho grotesque figures laugh and climb With many a mediic val trickv . ' \ In curious Qothio pantornimo, . And broken lights on tho statues fall in shaded niches set in the wall. xiv. ''./" Ah 1 all these things have a charm for me And hold mo yet a tonant nt will. . Though the brooding darkness wakes with sighs ; . . . Ana tho stop on tho stair comos nightly still, I fear no ill of tho'viewless soul That, troublod, visits tho patient gloom'; And only a prayer of pity greets Tho restless ghost of this haunted room. I should something loso did it como not there, This sighing shado-tho step on the stair ! EEPOIITINO MACHINE.-Among apparatus whioh may be aalled literary aids-writing, oaloulating, and otber raaobinea-seen at tho Paria Exhibition, waa one which attracted much attention, and which has not yet beon introduced into this country. It ie known as " lia Machino St&nographiqoo; Miohola," tho nomo ol ita inventor. The claims mudo rospooting it aro very broad. In tho first placo, it. ia doolnred that after a fortnight's praotioe, any peraon of ordinary ability can toko down in shorthand char- acters any speech, however rapidly dolivored. It is a small instrument, piano-like in form, with twenty- two koys^whito and black, and tho stenographic aharaotora aro small and impressod on Blips of paper. Signor Miohola claims to hove classi- fied all tho sounds which tho human organs of epeevh iuç capablp of rioäu££n£, 