OUR HOME LETTER. ITrom our own Correspondent] London. July 4. It is an unlucky year. Everything tbat tne country puts its hand to has ill- luck. The wars of 1S79 rill be long remembered as the most riiKaatrnn* innnr Tnilitarv liiBtorv. Our; diulo macy succeeds little better. ilie narvest threatens to be in beeping — that is, if there is to be a harvest at all. Parliament is a self confe- secl/o.«ct). Tbe Home of Commons sits longer th&n; it ever did, talks a great deal more, has worse scene*,' and does literally nothing. Colonel Stanley is still groaning over his Military Code BUL He bis several morning sittings a week in order- to push it on, and sometimes the Home Rulera never allow it to be Teached. When they are particularly amiable they let him get through half a dozen unimportant clauses. It baa been cal culated that at its present rate of progress he would need all the rest of the session to pa-u it There is an Irish University Bill to come down from the Lords which the Government are pledged to fight for. They have intimated eome of the principal victims for the sacrifice of the innocents, which cannot be long del*yed. One of them will be the Banking and Joint-' Stock Companies Bill, which is practically with drawn. Sir Stafford - Nortbcoto received a deputation of Scotch bankers about it a few. weeks ago, and from what they said he could judge that England and Scotland are not to pull together in regard to it. He m»T take credit lor having promptly responded to tbe anxiocs wish of the public to have the dangeraas features of the banking law altered, bat he will be no less glad of an excuse for not fighting all the diverse interests which are in aims against some of his proposila. He had hope at one time that the bankers would discuss the Bill among themselves and settle their differences in their back parlours. ? They are evidtntlv not prepared to do that The London bankers 'are not yet in a sufficiently Christian spirit to forgive their Scotch competitors for invadiug the city. They really thought that the bad name the Glasgow Bank has gives Scotch finance generally would be a conclusive argument with tbe- House of Commons for re quiring the intruders to withdraw. But the country did cct enpport their cool pretensions to a monopoly, and they are almost as caal r.bout the Bill as the Scotch Banks themselves. Unlimited liability will last for another year at any rate, and if we have another seaaion of the present Parliament it will be such a short one that nothing but Supply is likely to be attempted. If Mr. Gladstone should return from Midlothian conquering and to conquer there will be some thing I suppose for him to disestablish of more importance than the branch offices of the Scotch Banks. Among the other innocents doomed, if not already executed, is the Bankruptcy Bill, which has fallen through for the second time. No one can guess when the session will close. There have been ominous rumours that the Government have a rod in pickle for the obstruc tive*, to be bi ought out a month hence. They wilt— the report goes — insist on prolonging the session until what they consider indispensable business is transacted. . Threats of that sort are net much to be trusted to, for if there are members more difficult than others to keep in town after tbe 12th it is the Government sup porters. The Home Rulers could sit all tbe year round. ? THE DISSOLUTION. It is a dissolution tbat everybody is waiting for. The Opposition profess to consider it imminent. They cannot rid themselves of the idea tbat Lord Beaconsfield means to spring a mine upon them as Mr. Gladstone did. Again and again during the session they have sent out the alarm that a general election was at hand. It is evident now that they are beginning to be convinced of it themselves. Mr. Gladstone has all along thought that the present Parliament could not live beyond its sixth, session. Mr. Bright has afnrmed confidently that it vri 1 never meet again. Ministers, however, con tinue to assure their followers that they are safe for the present yean I know one or two substantial reasons for believing that next spring we shall have a six weeks' session to vote Supply, acd then a dissolution. First of all, both parties hope to gain on the next registration in October, and are anxious to get the benefit of it ; but it - an election were to take place this autumn it would have to be before October. Secondly, Sir Stafford Northcote will not care to delay going to tl:e country until the Zulu war hill« mmc in. H« will not face another Budeet if he c»n, and that me*us dissolving about March. The tlei tion might then be held on the cotniug autumn registrations, and both parties would be thoroughly organized all over the rounTy. ' Whethtr or not there is a dissolution,' Mr. Gladstone is almost certain to go down to Midlothian in autumn. He is evidently eager to unfurl his banner, and his friends are equally anxious to hold him back. It would please them best if he would not go near Midlothnu till the week before the poll, but the Libera tiouuts resent the hvper-cautiou of the old Whigs. LORD HAETLKGTOS'S SEAT. There is still a great deal of speculation about Lord Hartington's seat His Lordship would bo well content to remain in the Radnor borough*, but his modesty is not appreciated by some of his followers. They are bent on having every member of the front Opposition bench put up for a big seat ; and as the Devonshire influence is stroDg in North-east Lancashire.it is being put to Lord Hartineton as a duty he owes to his party to appear in the front of the battle. For thin reason a monster requisition to him has been ucder-way for about six months. It is now ready for presentation, and he has been inviti d to name a day tor receiving it But, as usual, he is in no hurry. He would make auy one else welcome to the honour and the cxpensn of fighting North-east Lancashire, even though the assistance of Lord Derby is calculated upon. His coldness is really a bad return for all the efforts that have been made in his interest His friends bare fDgcoUed. wholesale on his behalf. I saw recently three very amusing lists of joint voteis taken from the Burnley register. The longest of them contained ninety names of forty shilling freeholders who bad been piled up on the premises of the Reform Club in that town. According to the assessment-list the actual annual value of the premises is only about 35 s. per bead. A second nest of faggots has been discovered in the old Reform Club, which has been converted into warehouses. On this there are twtuty-»ix forty-shilling freeholders, and on another property there are nineteen faggots —all vehemently Liberal. On the longest list there are three Rylandses, and one of them is tii DEATH OF THE PR1SCB IStt-BlUAL. Another evil memory has been added to the Zululacd campaign in the death of tlie I'riucs Imperial. This sad news was brought to Madeira by the Balmoral Castle a fortnight ago. The first intimation of it came in a short telegram to Mr. Pesder, one of the Directors of the Eastern Telegraph Company. As by the preceding mail we had been victimized by a report of the death of Major Chard, there was the leas inclination to credit another distressing report of the same kind. By-and-by, however, the Commander in-Chuf got a message from Lord Ohelmsford to the same effect It dispelled all shadow of doubt by announcing, with military brevity, ' Prince Imperial killed.' After tbe House of Commons had been for a short while in painful suspense, and knots of members were forming in the lobby to find oat who had the latest news, Colonel Stanley rose in bis place, and said he exceedingly regretted to have to read a telegram just received from Madeira, which reported that the Prince Imperial had been killed by the Zulus in a foray. After conveying the information to the Hooae Minis ters had to consider how to break it to the poor Prince's mother at Chiselhurst There was no donbt about the channel through which it should be conveyed. Lord Sydney was the official representative of the Queen in such a matter, and as a neighbour of the unhappy ex Empress he was also personally qualified. Early next mcrmng he was at Chiselhurst ou his melancholy errand, and the shock to the ex Enipress exceeded his worst fears. She swooned on hearing tbat her presentiments about her sou's safety were coiJirmed, and for forty eight hours she was scarcely conscious. Shs bad leen iu a very despondent state, since tbe Prince's departure for the Cape. The i cws that he was down with fever made Jiervtry uBsleus, and she got it into her head that Le was worse than they would allow her to know. At one time she was bent on going out to fee him ; and M. Pietri only dissuaded her by promising to go himself if the next news was not lucre favourable. He had made all his pre parations to start; but the next telegram was one from tbe Prince, assuring bis mother of his recovery. M. Pietri subsequently went over to Fracce to see M. iiouher, and was absent from Chitt iburst when his services wire so badly needed. He at once returned, however, and saved Her Majesty all the trouble of rccaiving the innumerable visits of consolation which were paid to her. Hundreds of cards were left at Camden-place on the following day, and many of Her Majesty's intimate friends callwd per sonally. Tbe Prince of Wales, Prince Leopold, the Duke of Connaught, the Duke of Suther land, and Earl Granville were amoug the earliest visitoi s. Though the telegram had not been veri fied till nearly midnight, all the morning papers had articles expressing the grief of the nation anditshympathy with the bereaved mother. The Timts observed that to his widowed mother it might be some consolation to know ihat her sou did nut die without a soldier's tears, and will not lie in an unknown grave. Such an end of a young life begun amid such promise for the futuie— for her an irreparable grief — is for the world a chastened tragedy. Tbe contrast is sad and piffuus. The JJaify Keict thought there was something peculiarly melancholy even in the records of this unhappy and needless war in this sudtfeu cattisg-off ot a young life on which masy expectations may have been placed. The impt-i ial tly tasty of France had cloied the era of its niisfottuues by the death of its repre sentative in circumstances which must always be associated with unalleviated disaster. . GRIEF OF THE QUEUS. With the exception ef the widowed and now childless mother at Cbit-elhurst, no one wm more aSlicttil by the disaster than the Queen. On the morning after it came the was to start from Balmoral for the south, and to gratify the people of Dundee she had agreed to travel across the Tay Bridge. She got the telegram from Lord Sydney a few hours before ahe^waa to leave Balmoral, and it stunned her. When tie royal train ran into Aberdeen the Provost and Magistrates were at tbe station as usual to pay her their respects; but every blind was down in the saloon carriage, and the douce Magistrate* bad to be content with a word or two from Jehn Brown. John told them that, in all bis knowledge of her, he had sever seen her so upset i-ince the death of the Prince Consort She had scarcely spoken since she read the telegram. Ac Dundee all ceremony was curtaiitd, and the stoppage ot the royal train was , hastened as much as possible. With the Qdeen'a personal grief there is said to be mingled a keen regret that the ever absented to the Prince's wish to go out It wes his own suggestion, first made to the Prince of Wales, and rather favoured by him.. The Queen, who is a sagociou* politician, as well as a woman, could not bnt see the advantage it might be to the Prince'* future fortune to have a chance of attesting bi« manhood. Even the Republicans would mpeet him more for show ing that he had the love of hi* nation !?« njiiitaryhoconr. For this reason she unwillingly asserted, but with the proviso that he shonld cot be allowed to expose himself recklessly to danger. Geceral Wood will perhaps have name difficulty in clearing himBslf on that point. ~H.e ;uew Doihing of tlie Prince being with LitM lenant Carey '« party. TUB BCKK OF CAUBR1O0R A!t» THE T'WNCB. In the House of Lord*, allusion to the death of the unfortuuato Prince waa delayed until the War Office was in a position to siatt* especially in what character he hid goue out to South Africa. It had been stated by Golouel Stanley in the Lower House that he had no commi«*ioo, but beyond that nothing further waa known there. The Commsndrr-in-Ohiuf was able to complete the explanation. The Prince Imperial bad got two letters of introduc tion from him — one to Sir Ilirtle Frere and tha other to Lord Cbelmsford. In both of them Hi* Highncsa was described as a plucky youug fellow, full of spirit and energy. To Lord Ohelmsford the Duke wrote that his ouly anxiety on tbe Prince's account waa that be waa too plucky and goahead. He bad asked for a commission in the first instance, bnt the Govern ment did not think that could be sanctioned. The Duke's letters establish, therefore, that the Government bad no responsibility whatever for his going out; also that the Duko himself, knowing the Prinze's character, gave a distinct caution both to Sir Bartlv Frere and Lord Chelnisford. Of courtie their explauitiou of how, iu the face of such instructions as tha Duke gave, the Prince was allowed to expose himself so recklrs«ly. have to be waited for. They have bad in the eyes of the country and of history a heavy responsibility fixed upon them. As for poor Chelmxford, it i» ouly of a piece with his other ill-luck. He would not have objected to being asseg&id; himwlf instead of the Prince, for life seems to have became a burdeu to him. It is said his friend* have written to him to get himself invalided and return borne as noon as Sir Garnet WoUftltfy arriws out. He may, therefore, be back witbiu a week or two— the unluckiest ot uulucky Generals in the British army. TEE rimlK Ml SISTER AM* EARL ORAXYtLtB. After the Duke of Cambridge had read hi* letters Lord Beaconsfield made a pretty strong ataterreut on his own acceunt He vrxt aure their lordships shared with the illustrious Dak o the universal regret expressed by the natwu when they heard of the death of the young Prince— that of a foreign prince anxious to serve under Her Majesty'* colours in a distant land — whose life had beeu ao cruelly and— he could not help expressing hi« own opinion — »o needlessly sacrificed. Iu alluding to his military traiiiii'E in this country the Prime Minister happily observed that he had left behind him in tbe institution where he was trained a memory of bravery, of probity and ability, of many virtues, and many endearing qualities. Oa occasions like that consolation was fruitless and impos sible, but the time would come vrheu the sympathy of a grout people would be appreciated by his desolate parent. Earl Grau ville, abstaining from the painful question of resjKiusibility, as to which he admitted that further evidence was reonired, entirely con curred, apart from political, feeling*, in the sympathy which the country had extended, not ouly to tbe young Prince, but to his illnntrious ' mother in tne ulinost unparalleled misfortuue into which she bad been thrown. Thing* are liaudsomely done in the Upper Home. For Lord Granville, however, it was a difficult role. He was by traiuiug and Liberal nynipUhy asso ciated very much with the Orieanists. He was never on cordial terms with the Second Erapiro or any of its chiefs. I doubt if he had met the Prince Imperial half a dozen times in bi§ life, and be is no friend of the Zulu war which HEALTH OF THE EMFBBS8 EVGBMIB. The Standard given a very touching account of Low Her Majesty received the news. Lilly Frere had telegraphed iu her own name to Lord Sjducy, a tear neighbour nod iutiwato friend »f tbe Empress, but, as it turned out, he wis spared by accident the niost painful part of his task. On the following morning when tbe mailbag'was brought iu it was discovered thut there were no morning papers. This apparent oversight of the PosVOffice waa due to the friendly forethought of Mr. Borthwick, of the Morning Post, who went down to Qhiselhurat by an early train and had them taken out. Tbe letters included one from the Oape from Mr. Biggs, an old class-mate of the Prince, who h-id an informal charge of him. Mr, Biggs wroh1 very cheerily Rbout bow they were roughjug it at tbe front, and how they enjoyed their ad Tentures. When the Empress had reid his letter shenappened to pick up one addressed from London to M. Pietri. At Ohiselhurst they bnve a custom of making common property of corre spondence, and M. Pietri being absent H r Majesty opened big letters as usual. This ono spoke of some terribl« news from Zululand, and Her Majesty, starting at the thought of its referring to her sod, sent for the Duke of Bansano to ask him what it meant The old Duke bad known for several hours, and he knew also tbat Lord Sydney was at that moment in a room below waiting to make tbe dreadful disclosure to Her Majesty, Ho hesitated, and affected melancholy as to what might be meant. It might be a new disaster to the British army ; it might be various other possible event*. He was allowed to retire, but a few minutes later the Empress summoned him again acd told him she was con vinced he bad bad news for her. She was resolved to bear it, and to do whatever was necemuy to go to South Afrira by next steamer if anything was wrong. The Duke lrst bis self-command, and sobbed out, 'Belas! Madame, c'tst trap tnrd.' ('Alus! Madam, it iB too late.'') The Empress, per ceiving the dreadful truth, exclaimed, ' My son ! my poor son,' and for a few minutes w-u prostrate tinder the shock. When she recovered consciousness her faithful friend and attendant, Madame Le Breton, helped her to her oratory, where she lay in prayer until the arrival of lior confessor, 51. Goddard. He continued with her for some hours, but the more she tried to calm hcm-lf the greater was the strain on her iniud, and at last she eatik into a swoon. For nearly forty- eight hours sbe was Bcmi-cotiscious, ami neither spoke nor touched focrtl. On tbe Suuday morning— she had heard of tbe death on Friday —she was able to attend mnss in the Prince's room, which bad been fitted np with. ;M aitir for the occasion. Though deeply move3 during the service the was able to ait It out, and as i-bu left the room she remarked sadly to the Duke of Baagano that she diJ not think she had so much Btron^.h left. AH tlri while she saw few of the many visitors who Cocked to Chistlhurst to oiler their consolation. Tbe Duke of Cambridge wai oue of tbe first. He and the Prince had bteu great friends, and the Duke would gladly have clvetl him a com mission had not the Government seen reason to diispprove. . It would have been bett r perhaps for the poor Prince had the Duke and he been alloa ed their own way, for then he would have been under tbe orders of some definite superior. As it was he was only too ready to take orders from auy one aud to volunteer on all kinds of service, however dangerous or beneath his rank. Abbe Goddard, iu his sermon at the Roman Catholic Chajx-I, stated that on the night before be left tbe Prince received the Communion there and .prayed over his father's tomb. He told the AbK- he might never aee Ohiselhtmt again, and pointed out the place in which he wixbt-d to be buried. His wish will be re ligiously observed. SPUT AM050 THH IMPERIALISTS. On Friday morning M. Rouber sumnioued a meeting of Bouapartuts at bis house to confer on the action to be taken in consequence of tlie loss of their head. It was rumoured tbat tbe Prince had made a political will, devolving the succession on Prince Victor, eldest son of l'rinoe Kapoleon, tbe Louis Egalite of the Imperial family. Prince Napoleon himself— I'lon-plou, you remember— had been formally set aside by a resolution of tbe party, and in hh famotw Ajaccio address, when he stood for tbe A» Kembly, be lmd announced bi» adhesion to tin* Republic, which just as little wants him aitbe Empire does. Since then much ibas happened to Plon-plou, and nothiug to improve his for- ? tunes. His wife, the Princeas Clothilde, a daughter of Victor Emmanuel, bad obtained a ' separation from him and the care of her fatuity, which include* two growing lads of four teen and sixteen. Plon-plon's hatred of ,. the Church was held to disentitle him to national as well ' as to piHticul rights, and he spends most of hi* time at Trouville in small gaieties adapted to a versatile mind like hisv Frivolous and mer curial us ke is, he is the bite noire of the Imperialists ; and now the terrible dilemma had corr.e upon them which they all prayed to be spared from— a choice between an E upira with Ploc-plon for its pretender and no Empire at all. M. Rouber called his followers togetber to si e Low they were to m*ke that cruel choice. f Plob- plon had hastened from Trouvllle to Parii en the Friday afternoon, r.nd the differences ?which prevail in tbe Imperial Jatic circle were illustrated by Prince Murat rewiring him at the station, while tbe Frin'ess Murat started about tbe same time for Chiselbunt to assist in comforting the Empress— Plon- plon's resolute «? n«sy. Her Majesty is a good* woman, but she hates Plon-plon cordially, and famiHe3 are divided between them. M. Rouher's adroitness was taxed at the conference. He made a speech fnll of clever commonplaces to conce«l fall i own ; ptrpicxity. He aj-pwiied to oil sections of the l*ny to unite, aad, regardless of^ person*! : quttiioiij, to close tip thdr ratiks. ** ' « apjwiut Le OLe, atid we txciucle no one,' he said m lie sat down ax«n. Fa resolution was put to tea conference, but at night a i oiler meeting was held of adherents of the party of appeal to the people — Bonapartists tinder another name. They affirmed that though Prince Napoleon had died his cause still lived, and the succession had not lapsed. A manifesto was drawn up giving the world that information regarding which it takes leave to be incredulous, and still more about the declaration, which has also been paraded in the Eonapar&c; Press, th»t the Empire still lives, or, as M. Oassagnic with hi? turgid eloquence expressed it, that they can be Imperialists though they should hive no Emperor. M. Cusagnac hates Prince Napoleon — now distinguished as Prince Jerome Bonaparte — with a deeper and warmer hatred than the Empress hdrself. To the fighting deputy he is a fool, a radical, and an atheist all in one— a frightful com bination to a man of M. de Uassagnac's peculiar piety. A number of the Bonapirtute who were growing loose in their allegiance have seized this opportunity to go over openly to the Republic. M. de la Motce set the example by entering his name on the list of the Bepublican Union, and others of less note are .. following in his step. Those who adhere to the ghost of the Empire are divided into cliques, which hate each other even more heartily than they do'the Itepubiic. M. de Cassagnac would .sooner speak to Ganibetia himself than come within a hundred yards of Plon-plon, and Plon plon would rather embrace a Bishop than shske hands with M. de Cassagnac. THE HEIE OF THB B0XAPAHTE3. The Empire indeed has sustained a fall in descending on the republican head of Plou pIoD, and his action in the tragicomical situation has been worthy of himself. As I said, be hurried back from Trouville to Paris, . and waited till 31. Eouher should open the game ; but M. Kouher was too old a diplomatist to be in any hurry. The conference he held at his house was a mere rehearsal. Immediately after it he started for Chiselhurst, ostensibly to ascer tain the truth of a report that the late Prince had left a will at Camden House making Prince Victor his heir. He was to return to Paris on the following Monday, hut he remained at Camden House day after day, until Prince Jerome and his handful of allies became im patient. They began to throw out hints of the manifesto that was about to be published in the Princes name. He was to declare in it that . he was tot a pretender to the Imperial succession, bat neither would he admit that any one else had a valid title. With characteristic magnanimity he was to be generous, not only for himself, but for his son, of whom be has practically become the rival. He affirmed his adhesion to the Ajaccio programme, in which he accepted the Empire, and expressed his opinion that the Empire was dead. _ He also took the opportunity of outraging public sentiment and any good feeling there may be among the Bonapartists by avowing once more his detestation of the Clericals. In a letter to a friend, meant of coarse for publication, he ia even more candid about his republicanism. He says that he ia no pre tender, but a stanch Republican. A Govern ment chosen by the country deserves, he grandly declares, the support of every patriot. In Plon plon's family there is to be nothing but patrio tism and self - sacrifice. He will neither accept, cor permit any one else to accept, the Imperial succession. In equally grand style he replied to a deputation of Bonapartist deputies that waited upon him relative to the scheme for substituting Prince Victor. ' Gentlemen,' he said, ' there are some things which cannot even be discussed.' M. Rouher is, one would suppose, in a pretty quandary between Plon-plon Bonapartists, Victorine Bonapartists, Cassagnac Bonapartisfo, Clerical Bonapartists, and that worst kind of all the Bonapartists who cannot make up their minds about anythiBg. It can hardly have been without reason that he lingered at Camden House while his presence was so urgently needed in Paris. His friends were telegraphing to him almost hourly the most disquieting re ports about what Plon-plon was doing. His manifesto was to be in the evening papers. He was writing letters to the most eccentric people like himself. He was going to pay an official visit to the President of the Republic. There was every kind of mischief brewing. M. Rouher replied that the Princess Mathilde should call on her erratic relative and warn- him of the consequences of any rashness he might be medi tating. But he would not venture back himself to deal with the enfant terrible. That also involved a serious dilemma. Plon-plon had been sent to Coventry by the Bonapartists on the issue of his Ajaccio address. He had been excommunicated, and M. Rouher, by entering into personal relations with him, might be giving some colour again to his pretensions. Toe wily but now sorely troubled diplomatist remained at Ohiselhursfc while the Bonspartist pretenders, politicians, and uemi^apex editors were fighting it out in Paris. They could not even agree about the commemoration mass which decency required to be said for the poor Prince. It could hardly be held without Plon plon, and he would only consent to come on condition of there being no political demonstra tion. PR0HAJ1LE C0LLAP3B OF IMPKBIiXlSlI. It is almost impossible that Imperialism should ever ri.se again from the chaos of degra dation and contention into which it has recently fallen. The house is unmistakably divided against itself. There is a suspicion that 31. Rouher will perform a coup on his own account should he survive the Empress. He is already under a kind of obligation to the Republic. When the Septeunate was established and the Republic definitively adopted in 1374 he pledged himself to accept it if France proaounced decidedly in its favour, either by a plebiscite or through the Assembly elections. France has twice declared in the latter and more constitu tional form. M. Ropher could not seriously pretend that a plebiscite is necessary to con firm such returns as those of the past three years. The Republic is confirmed by the vox populi'j and what has the Empire to otfer the country in its place '( The heir oE Napoleon the Third L» gone. His Empress imy not long survive her lamented son. M. Rouher himself is an old man. M. Paul de Cassagnac would be voted by France into a mad house much sooner than into office. Plon-plon is detested, and he knows it. His children are only half Frenchmen ; the other half of their blood is Italian, and Italy is not the cordial ally of France that she was in the days of his political alliance with a daughter ot the House of Savoy. It was recently said by an Itilim Minister— a member of the present; Cabinet — that Nice had been ' temporarily' altelWto' from Italy. It is another ALuce, for which a bl»uv *?--*- — *—-* — -— -4- —'. .1L^.«f A -'~ ~Y - $ reckoning may «c u^ . ? ,~~*. ^te be required. Frenchmen who foresee that — and niauy of them do— have no love for the old ally of 1339. Th«y conclude now that Count Cavoar had much the b^st of that campaign, and that the pupil was an apter man than the master. The probability is that Bonapartism will linger on for a fewyears.as tho Jacobite cause in Scotland after 1745. IX IRISH EO\V. A determined but not very aticwsstnl attempt was made last week to send some of the worst of the Home Rulers to Coventry. Mr. O'Connor Power had a bone to picic with Mr. Lowther (the Irish Secretary) about a tenant-right^ meeting lately held in Galway, at which agrarian seuti mentM were expressed tar in advance of any thing previously heard. Mr. Lowther, whom the Irish members hate more cordhlly pera»p-. thau any Irish Secretary there hu been siace Sir Robert Peel filled the office, had xa 'e fan of the meeting by throwiug doubt* ou the pre sence of tenant farmers at it. Sir. O'Couaor Power gave notice of a questiou as to his authority for the statement that the promoters of the meeting were not connected with the neighbourhood. Mr. Lowther thought it a fair occasion for jocosity, and his jocosity is not of the most delicate kind. He described oue of the principal speakers as a 'convict at luge.' and another as a political schoolmaster from Dublin. The Home Rulers were j'luipiu^ out of their skins to be at his throat. Mr. Power jumped up after him and moved the adjourn ment of the House; then, pull ing out a bnudle ot notes, he proceeded to deliver a prearranged diatribe against the Irish Secretary. Tnis struck the House as going beyond the usual notions of fairness, as Mr. Power had assumed the answer would be unsatisfactory and had pre pared accordingly. His moving an adjourn ment was still more irritating, for Supply was grievously in . arrear, and night after night had been lost through abu.se of that privilege. The Ministerialists decided not to hear the unwelcome speech, and a babble of con versation drowned the voice of the irate orator. Mr. Power raised his voice, and the babble increased so that not a word of him t-oald be heard. Mr. Parnell appealed to the Speaker to call the House to order. He acknowledged that Mr. Power was within his right in moving an adjournment, but drew loud cheer* from the Ministerialists by hinting that the inage if thus abused might have to be further consi dered. After another quarter of an hour of babel Mr. Xewdigate rose and asked the leader of the Honse if he did not intend to support .tha ruling of the chair. Sir Stafford approa-hed the table amid dead silence, which Mr. Power took advantage of to jump up and endeavour to resume his speech. The Chancellor -u\d he talked against each other for a minute or two, and the Irishman at last yielded ; but one of his friends, Mr. Mitchell Henry, was so wrathful at his pusillanimity that he started up hinuelf . The Speaker, however, supported the Chancellor and the Home Rulers in a body supported Mitchell Henry by standins up and howling at the Ministerialists. Parnell, Sullivan, Mitchell Henry, and O'Donnell all tried to hurl defiance at the Speaker, but were shouted down from the opposite benches until Sir Stafford was able to make his voice heard. He repeated . what he has so often said during the neasion, that be is unwilling to impose restrictions on liberty of speech merely for the sake of an orruly few,' bat he hinted that it might be recessuy to deal specially with some of .the few. Mr. Sullivan protested that it wa* th» majority who Wrfc otic of order, and that Sir Stafford himself and Mr. .Newdigate were the responsible authors of the disturbance. Mr. Power resumed for the fourth time, but Mr. Xewdigate was not done with him yet. He moved that Mr. Power's conduct was disrespectful to the chair, but the Speaker held that he could not interpose. MORE THMATS OF G4C0IS0. From a quarter to 5 till half-past 5 the storm raged now on one side of the House and now on the other. Many peers had iiocked into the galleries, and were grimly watch ing the scene. Every corner of the floor and the galleries was packed, and curiosity was strained when Sir Stafford and Lord Hart irgton were seen to withdraw for a minute or two with the Speaker. Were they to strike while the iron was hot and draw the teeth of the obstructives at last ? It was too much to hope for. WhUe the conference was proceeding Mr. Parnell seconded his friend's motion for ad journment, and for ten minutes maintained a steady outpour o£ invective against the Ministe rialists. Lord Hartington returned from behind the chair io the table, and speaking in a very cold constrained voice observed that the spec tacle which had taken place was much to be regretted. He was sorry that so experienced a member as Mr. Newdigate should have departed frorn the rules of the House on such an occasion. It might be that tho privilege of moving an adjournment should be restrained, but before attempting it they should be sure of their ground. Sir Stafford, adopting His Lordship's subdued key, uttered a few common places about the best safeguard of order being impartial deference to the judgment of the chair. Mr. Bright, who had been looking on with undisguised disgust, got up at this point and poured a broad side into Mr. Lowther for the flippant answers he had given to Mr. Power. Xor was it the first time that the Irish members had had to com plain of his language. Lord John Manners de fended his colleague, and Sir .Stafford Northcote threw a little more oil on the troubled waters, which were now subsiding. At half-past 6 the motion for adjournment was withdrawn, and Mr. Peter Bylands brought back the House to good humour with a curious question about Siam. On the following night Mr. Xewdigate attempted to have another hit at the Home Rulers, who make the appearance of his preternaturally solemn face the signal for merri ment, which they have all to themselves. The Speaker, however, was firm, and would not allow the smoldering ashes to be rakni nn airain. THB IIUSH rSTVEBSITY BILL. The O'Connor Don has had another Wednes day for his Irish University Bill, but did not get it much further advanced. Sir Stafford Northcote, after having had the front Opposi tion bench skilfully played off upon him, con* seated at last to use bis influence for securing another day, but he would go no further. The subject has, I know, been anxiously and care fully considered at various Cabinet meetings, just as it has been the occasion of several con ferences of the liberal leaders at Devonshire House. The Irish party had at one time a strong hope that one side or the other would be drawn in— they did not much care which. They looked to the Treasury bench because it had already moved in the direction of the Bill, and because concurrent endowment has been advocated by some of the most distinguished Conservative statesmen. They placed perhaps even more faith in the Opposition front bench, though it was historically and practically pledged against concurrent endowment, because some of the younger Liberal leaders wish to be done with the difficulty before next Parliament. They would be poor tacticians if they did not realize that necessity. It does not strike the older men quite so mucfi, as they have least to lose should the next Liberal Administration be ship wrecked between the Irish Scylla aid Chary bdis, but the men with a short past and the hope of a long future are sick of the Sisyphean labour of Irish reform. Sir William Harcourt took an early opportunity of enrolling himself among the supporters of the Bill. Mr. Lowe followed, and it was thought that Mr. Goschen had also been won over. There were even hints that Mr. Gladstone had a new and startling conversion to perform. These rumours, however, if meant to prepare the way for a change of front on the Opposition benches, defeated their own object. They raised the ultra-Protestant, ultraLibe rationist spirit of the Liberal party, and petitions began to pour in against the Bill, which could not be disregarded. Lord Hart Lngton iu the Devonshire House conferences hinted that he had already burned his fingers at a similar fire in Scotland, and it was too early to try .the experiment again. Mr. Gladstone, who become* more cautious and restrained as the hoiii of battle approaches, sided with him. Forster, Goschen, and Lowe were for a more adventurous policy. The outcome o£ long and anxious consultation was that no official action should be takes, on the Bill, individual leaders being free to express their own sentiments. The conclusion the Cabinet arrived at was virtually the same, though stated in more definite terms. Ministers resolved to acknow ledge the necessity for special provision for University education in Ireland, and so far to concede the principle of the Bill, but to advise the rejection of the present measure, as in many respects inadequate to the requirements of the case. Both sets of leaders discovered, in fact, that they could not carry their party with them. Mr. Adam reported to Lord Hart ington that over a hundred of his men would vote against the Bill. The Ministerialists showed better discipline, for few of them threatened to oppose it actively, but many were to stay away from the division. The Orange party, on whom the bnrden ot resistance chietiy fell, induced Sir George Campbell to withdraw his lumbering amendment in order to make room for a direct negative, moved by Mr. Macartney. A few days before the adjourned debate the lobby was flooded with deputations of Presbyterian and Nonconformist divines, with flushed faces and heaving bosoms. It was slightly comic to see how they flashed indigna tion ou the Home Rulers, who were pointed out to them as they flitted about whipping up their men and laying their heads together in corner*. The pets of 1363 are very much out of favour. A SEW SLIU'HIMi *\\)K TUB LI13KUAL3. At the adjourned debate on The O'Connor Don's Bill Mr. Lyon Playfair started the new principle that this was a question of University education and not of endowment. In a masterly comparison of the graduation at the various Eng lish, Irish, and Scotch Universities he showed that higher education was being very little taken advantage ef iu Ireland. His conclusion was that something of Protestant prejudice bould be sacrificed to sret ijd of whj\t wia st Once all evil aud a grievauw. Sir. Forsier at a later stage declared his readiness to meet the Irish members on the ba.*H of Tho O'Conuor Don's Bill. After him rose air. Cross, who repeated more explicitly the objections of the Chancellor of the Eichequor to the Hill. Tney objected, he said, to the creation of a third University ; to the proposed drafts on the Irish Church surplus : and to the existence of degree granting bodies hampered with distinc tions or restrictions. When the Home Rulers bad begun to think tluit it was all over with them, Mr. Crews stated that the Government, taking into account the urgency thtre was for a settlement; of the ques tion, were prepared to iutroituee a mcjsure of their own at ouce. Iu answer to .iu incredulous Irish member, he said that he was quite serious, and that the Government would do their best to i iiah the Bill through this year. It woul-.I be iutruductd iu the Lon!s on the following iliy. Tl;p Lord Chan*J!or did not literally redeem this promise. Instt-ad of havisg the Dill be aucounoed that he would ask leave to introduce it on the following Monday. This gave rise to a sneer that the Government must have adopted their resolution very hurriedly, and that per haps the principles of the Bill were uot yet settled. Ou the Monday Lord Cairns was ready. Like the needy knifegrinder, he had no story to teil. Tlie Government had had the subject under consideration before the session begin, and though the-y fully realized the importance of it they did uot see that it could be included in their programme for the session. The action taken in the other Honse had. however, changed the situation. Lord Cairns then unfolded his scheme The vital defect which he observed in the University system of Ireland was that degrees could not be obtained without resi dence. This privilege is enjoyed in England through the London University, which requires no residence, but is simply a degree-giving body. The tjueeu's University in Ireland, to which the t-ueens Colleges are affiliated, was intended to torrespond with the London University : but it did not carry out this important provision, and Lord Cairns attributed to the oversight the very indifferent snecess of the Queen's- Colleges. It is a curious fact th»t in IS66 this same fact impressed itself so strongly on the Russell Gladstece Cabinet that a supplementary charter was prepared to enlarge the powers of the Queen's University ; but the Crown lawyers of the day thought it ultra rires, and it was not proceeded with. Lord Cairus, who as a North of Ireland Presbyterian has always favoured the tjTieeErs Colleges, proceeds on the line of the supplemental charter of 1568. He proposes to dissolve the present University, and reconsti tute it with a Senate of thirty-six instead of twenty members. The condition of residence would be abolished, and Roman Catholics in Ireland would consequently be able to graduate without going to the godless colleges. They might study in private establishments, or have colleges of their own affiliated to the new Uni versity.- THE HOME RTTtERS SOLD. What struck the Home Rulers on first hear ing Lord Cairns's scheme was that it said nothing ahout the results fees, graduation fees, and other pickings which had been lavishly scattered over The O'Connor Don's Bill. Their souls were in arms at once, and a conference was summoned for next day to resolve on war to the knife. When they had slept over it a second thonght struck them that though no subsidies were provided there was nothing in the Bill to prevent them being tacked on. Discretion com mended haeli as the better part oi valour, and quite unexpectedly the conference took a pacific turn. The Government Bill was not admitted to be satisfactory, but there was great reluc tance to condemn ii nntil more was known on the essential question of subsidies. In the hope that the results fees may yet be put right the Home Rulers have tacitly resolvea to offer no immediate opposition. They have been pulled up with all their sail set. Either they must now abandon The O'Connor Don's Bill, notwith standing the proffered sympathy of Sir William Harcourt, Mr. Lowe, and Mr. Forster, and trust to the Government for further concessions, or they must repudiate the Lord Chancellor's Bill and trust to the Opposition leaders making a higher bid for their support. Sir William Har court and Mr. Forsterwill think twice before jumping into any leap of the kind, as they must now see that ^Nonconformist feeling is strong' against The O'Connor Don's Bill. Still more so are the Presbyterians in the North of Ireland. They are said to be greatly taken with the Lord Chancellor's measure and to rallying round the Orange members for a campaign in its behalf. KB. GLADSTONE OS DISESTABUSHlfHST. Still more about disestablishment. I informed you a month or two back that the two sections of the Liberal party in Scotland had been endea vouring to obtain from Mr .Gladstone a declaration that he would not raise disestablishment during his campaign in Midlothian. It is the dis establishment enquirer who has drawn him. He has written a letter to Principal Rainy, of the Free College, Edinburgh, which the Prin cipal, after snowing round, among his friends, has had published in the local papers. It is dated May 24, fully a fortnight ago, but Dr. Rainy explains the delay in its appearance by observing that it reached him while he was involved in the business of the late Assembly, and that in showing it to men who bad a right to be made acquainted with its contents unfore seen circumstances lengthened the operation. Those who do not much like the letter insinuate that the Principal and bis friends were not wholly satisfied with it themselves, and had difficulty in resolving whether to give it to the public or not. On the face of it it was intended to be read at the Dissenters' breakfast during the assemblies, and the existence of it in Principal Rainy's pocketbook perhaps accounts for the confident tone of the speeches on that occasion. But after all that the Liberationism can say about it it is a masterly specimen of hedging. The circumstances in which it was to be used have been present to Mr. Gladstone's mind in every line of it ; and while anxious to give all the encouragement he can to the Free Church friends, whose champion he has really been since 1874 — when patronage was abolished —he avoids saying a word which might enable them to demand that it should be one of the issues in Scotland at next general election. HB 'WIIX SOT PLEDGE HEffSELF. Mr. Gladstone has been asked by the Liberal Churchmen through Mr. Adam to give them a pledge that he would not touch the question of disestablishment during next Parliament. In stead of answering them directly he tells them through Principal Rainy that he has never at any time given such a pledge in regard to any question before the public But he does not throw the Liberal Churchmen over entirely. Their contention he thinks is reasonable that disestablishment should not come up as a side issue, but that the people of Scotland should have it distinctly before them when it is pro nounced upon. He implies a certain amount of sympathy with their fear that the organiza tion of the party may be used to return as Liberals men who are in fact Liberationists, and that they may in a short time become such a majority of the Scotch members as to be entitled to go to Lord Harting ton and ask fulfilment of his pledge that when the Scotch people showed they wanted disestablishment the Liberal leaders would consider about giving it them. Mr. Gladstone disclaims in this any after thought. He has nothing to conceal in his present sentiments on the subject. They have been matured as far as the present stage of the discussion admits, and they have been expressed as far as they have been matured. He adheres to all his statements in Parliament on the sub ject, and to Lord Hartington's declaration in Edinburgh in 1877 ; but it is no part, he thinks, of his duty either to urge on or to keep back this question. He has acted on this principle in a spirit of cordial respect and goodwill to all concerned, and he means to continue so acting. So far Principal Rainy has the best of the Liberal Churchmen, but the finishing sentence bad had an unpleasant ring for him. After in timatinc with oolite cirenmlnnntinn th«t ho is not to be further drawn on the subject, Mr. Gladstone says he feels satisfied it will receive careful and dispassionate consideration. In re spect to it, however, he cannot profess that in the present condition of Imperial affairs it occupies the first or nearly the first place in h;s mind. I remember hearing on Blackheath the now famous ' I would think once, I would think twice. I would even think three times about abolishing the House of Lords.' Ap parently the coming candidate for Midlothian will want as many ' thinks' about the doom of the Church of Scotland before pronouncing it. He has already given, not only food for re flection, but cause for anxiety to both ' sets of his admirers in Scotland. The one is roundly abusing the other for stirring np the controversy, and the Whig wire-pullers, who regard their own organization a matter of much greater concern than any Church, national or voluntary, ever created, are vowing a ' plague on both your Houses.' The leading Liberal organ in Scotland abuses both factions for giving the enemy so many opportunities to expose and make capital out of their divisions. It sneers at Dr. Rainy for having taken up the cause with all the zeal of a convert to disestablishment. Moderate people, it tells him, know that more harm than good is often done by trying to force forward even an undoubtedly good question. They may wish that the Principal had been less hasty, but it admits that ' doubtless Mr. Gladstone is con vinced that sooner or later the Church of Scotland must be disestablished.' A good point for Dr. Rainy. the premteb's gold laueel wbeath. The Prime Minister has a friend and admirer whom he does not consider a blessing — Mr. Tracy Turnevelli. It was Mr. Turnevelli who originated and promoted a scheme, of which you will have heard, for presenting the Premier with a 'people's tribute.' The tribute was to be a gold wreath of laurels, syffibolbal of peace with honour, and it was to be p»id for (in cluding Mr. Turnevclli's outlay for printing and postage — which is considerable) by penny sub scriptions. The pennies did not come in quite so rapidly as he had reckoned upon, and some oi the working taen'a Conservative Associations were appealed to for help. This drew down a good deal of Liberal bnnter on the Premier, Mr. Turnevtlli, and the laurel wreath. Mean while, Messrs. Hunt fc Roskell had been com missioned to produce the laurels, and they supplied a very elegant wreath, which ha3 been on exhibition iu the Crystal Palace, and I think also iu Manchester, as the people's tribute. When nil was ready, Mr. Turnevelli wrote to Lord Beaconsfield to appjiut a day for being crowned with the gold laurel. Day after day for a fort night he trembled with hope at every knock of the postman, but the expected aaiwer came not On the ninth day Mr. Turnevelli tele graphed an anxious enquiry as to the fate of his letter, and received a reply that the aujvei was on tbe way. When it came it rmde th Turnevelli hair stand on end. Lord Beac -?«- field declined to receive the wreath fratu the hands of T. T., iu consequence oE certain cor respondence he had from T. T. during the previous five years, in which T. T. impressed upon him that the Conservative leaders bad been very ungrateful in overlooking his set viees. T. T. intimated that he persisted iu hopi ng they would meet with recognition. Lord Beacons field being intimately identified witn the dis tribution of honours and rewards could not allow himself to be crowned, even with gold laurels, by such a shameless Orpheus C. Kerr as Mr. Turnevelli. The laurel wreath is, there fore, in tbe market again. THE i5LA3OOW BAKE UQCTDATIOX. The Glasgow Bank Aid Association has made d second attemot in London to induce the principal creditors to accept a composition, the amount now offered being ISs. in the pound. The deputation, I hear, got only one assent, and that was on a comparatively small claim of £10,000 from a foreign exchange Bank. The Banks and Discount Companies stand out for their pound of flesh, but they intimated that if payment in fall were made within a reasonable period — say before the end of the year— they might forego interest. A second dividend of 3s. 4d. in the pound has just been distributed, and the liquidators intend in the coarse oE the next six months to pay a third dividend of 3s. 4d ., which would leave only a third of the liabilities uncovered. This the principal creditors do not consider sufficiently rapid progress, and there have been threats of an appeal to the Court of Session. As I mentioned in a former letter, the creditors think that the liquidators should borrow on the large amount of valuable but unrealizable securities they have received from the shareholders, and settle all claims. This was the course taken in tbe case of the Western Bank of Scotland, and the creditors were paid within a year of the stoppage, though the liquidation was not com pleted for twenty yesxs after. But of course this is a heavier business, and as the liquidators themselves never had much hope of a com promise they have been very chary of adding to the burdens of the poor shareholders. They are of opinion that interest cannot be exacted, and would not be^ allowed by any Court in the Kingdom though the last claim should not be paid for a century. The whiphold they h.we they possibly mean to keep. All the complaints and suggestions showered upon them they take very calmly. I dined with one of them ten days ago— an Aberdeen man. or at least Aber deenshire — and it struck me that it wopld require early rising to get round him. 1 hey have not got a toil valuation ot the I promiscuous securities thrown npon their hands, but it is affirmed in trustworthy quarters that they are hopeful about dispersing with further calls. The fact of their having completed a new agreement with the Caledonian Bank, which enables it to resume business, is also a good sign. About a hundred private arrange ments have been effected, and submitted to the Court of Session for approval. Iu these cases the shareholders make an absolute surrender of all their property and get a discharge. Very few, indeed, of the original holders are lef: standing, and if a further call had to be made it would go hardest against the; trustees. A good many of them also will have to make a full surrender, and one has a capital appoint ment in store for him as soon as he is out of the hands of the liquidators. The realization of the New Zealand property is being considered, and an agent is on the spot reporting as to the advisability of selling at once or holding ou. In April last there was a large land sale in the neighbourhood of one of the New Zealand Company's best estates, and the best lots were sold_ as high as £30 an acre.. Offers huve been received lor the Company's land — which vir tually belongs to the Bank— at from £7 to £15 an acre. Another agent is out in A.ncrica reporting on the validity of the Western Union Railway bonds, the coupons of which hive been stopped. Foreclosure proceedings are to be commenced. AGRlCfLTUEAI. DISTRESS. The farmers are out of saow into raiD, an! what is good for them U not pleasant to the rest of the country. It is a splendid time for grass, but as there must always be something to grumble about in the bucolic lot, it is said now the grass is coming much too fast for the cattle and tempting them to overeat themselves. Wheat and cereals generally are very backward, but looking healthy for such a season. We have had a week or two of respite from agricul tural agitation, and I daiesay a good many land lords are hoping that they won't be called upon for heavy remissions. The question will be forced upon Parliament in a comprehensive way, though no one imagines that the wisdom of Parliament can much affect either the price of wheat or the cost of growing it. A3 a preliminary to further discussion, Mr. Foljambe has obtained a very instructive return showing the importation of cereals, cattle, and dried provisions in every year from 1828 to 1878, and the respective prices in each year. The part of it bearing on the operation of the Anti-Corn Law movement is rather sur prising. It shows that the price of wheat in the ten years succeeding the abolition of the Corn Laws was only three shillings per quarter cheaper than in tbe ten years preceding abolition. In the nineteen years before 1846 it was frequently as cheap as it has ever been since; in fact there were only eight years out of nineteen in which the average price for the quarter rose above sixty shillings, and these were, so to speak, famine years. From the jear 1859 a new influence is seen to be at work, cheapening bread far more than abolition had done — the American shipments. From 1859 onward the imports rise to treble and quadruple the previous average, and prices are depressed to a very low level. There could not be clearer proof that the prairies have been a worse enemy to the British farmer than Richard Cobden or John Bright. They have also been better friends to the British work man ; but the colonies have been the best friends of all. The working man since 1846 has not saved enough off bread to cover, or nearly cover, his additional outlay for heuse-rent. batcher's meat. ana tne better ciotning ne wears, to say notning of the additional liquor he consumes. The real improvement in his condition is the increased wages he earns; and for these he has to thank emigration. Mr. Foljambe's return has almost as much interest for the colonies as for ourselves, and the new light it throws on some of the economical problems of the day will be rather puzzling to freetraders. Mr. Cobden's followers — who have lately eaten their annual dinner, by- the- way — will have a little trouble also in keeping another farmers' question at arms' length, namely, local rates. In England alone tbe revenue of the various local authorities now amounts to about forty- five millions sterling. Allowing only another third for both Scotland and Ireland, local taxation represents sixty millions a year, which is as nearly as possible the amount of the Imperial taxation of the country. The Central Chamber of Agriculture has appointed a Local Taxation Committee to collect informa tion on tbe subject, with a view to a motion for enquiry which Mr. Chaplin, is to move in tbe House of Commons. LOBD DBRBT ON FABJIERS' PBOSPBCTS. The Liverpool Farmers' Club has enjoyed the honour of an address from Lord Derby on the prospects of agriculture. His Lordship w*s in one of his hardest and most common-sense moods, and his audience can hardly have gone away delighted with the amount of comfort they received from him. He as good as informed them that it was only by a rare combination of fortunate circumstances that the British farmer cculd again hope to make money. In the matter of wheat he can never compete with the grain of California and the Western prairies, to say nothing of countries still more distant. With regard to foreign cattle he did not think there was much ground for discourage ment. We ought to hold our own in meat. milk, and vegetables, as even ocean steamers cannot reduce the Atlantic to a mere ferry. With whatever will not bear keeping we have a natural advantage over the foreigner. Where care and personal oversight are re quired, such as can be best given on scnll farms near an outlet for their produce. His Lordship considers that the British farmer has again a strong pull on his foreign competitor. He proceeded to openly advocate an experiment in small holdings like those in Belgium. On this point he talked with the liberality of John Stuart Mill and the clearness of a practical landlord. He thought that a Company might be formed to buy up a large estate and sub divide it into small farms. The cultivators should also be freeholders, or be in process of becoming so, by means of deferred payments spread over a series of years. In fact. Lord Derby is a warm admirer of the Bright clauses in the Irish Land Act, and would like to see an application of them to England, HOTHING TO EXrECT FEOlt GUVEEiOrENT.s. On the subject of remedies His Lordship was decidedly of a wet-blanket tendency. He held out lo hope of permanent advantage from the lowering of local rates- the favourite piutcea of the Conservative party in the House. It might, he allowed, benefit a man with a long lease so long as bis lease lasted, but wbeu it expired and his farm came to be realized the diminished rates would be taken into account by the valuator. Thit is precisely the argument of Church defendeis for tithes, and the conclu sion they draw from it is that the Church costs the country nothing. But I confess to doubts on the cogency of either. Lord Derby himself observed that where the farmers had the upper hand, us at present, they should be careful in prescribing good terms to their landlords. In sueh a case the landlord would be guided a good deal by tbe amount of income he was to receive in accepting new terms. Even if the re mitted rates were to go into his pocket, as Lord Derby coLtended, he would thereby be enabled to make rents easier in bad times, when the farmers are of course most anxious to have them easy. If rents should ever again be forced up by keen competition, it ?will be mainly because farming is suppos.-d to pay. Should that be the true cause the land lord may get the Han's share of the remissions in public rates, bnt when he cannot hive his own terms the smaller the public burdens the better for tbe teB&nt.; The Conservatives fairly answer Lord Derby that if local taxation can be proved to be oppressive and wasteful it should be reformed without enquiring minutely into who is to benefit. All secondary questions of game, obstructive clauses in leases, and so on, Lord Derby treated as matter of easy arrange ment by a sensible man. The Agricultural Holdings Act he pronounced as fair a solution as could be arrived at. THB PBI3TE MIJJTSTKa'S TKAGEDT. A dramatic resurrectionist has discovered that forty years ago the Prime Minister gave birth to a tragedy, a stillborn one, called 'Count Alarcos.'' He brought it under the notice of the Manager of tht Crystal Palace, and as it requires a geed deal to draw people nowadays to Syden ham the new sensation was accepted. ?' Count Alarcos' was elaborately mounted an3 pro3uced about a fortnight ago. There is enough of dagger and devilry in it to satisfy the most transpontine appetite, but the distinguished dramatist will not acknowledge having put it all in. A great deal of it he found in an old Spanish ballad of the troubadour time, which pessibly had some foundation in fact. Tbe scene it laid at Burgos, the ancient capital of Castille. and Count Alarcos is a near relative of tbe Castilian Sling. He and the King's daughter Solisa had loved and plighted|each other, when some little accident happened at Court which resulted in the banishment of the Prince. In bis exile bis heart did not prove true to Solisi, but lost itself a second time to a fair Flormonde, whom he married. Recalled from banishment, acd brought again under tbe influence of Solist. whose hand bad the advantage of carrying in it tbe revrrsion to the throne of Ctstille, Alarcos plotted »ith a ruffian to dishonour and destroy his wife. The rufihn loses courage at the crisis of the tragedy, ai-d makes his escape by stabbing himself. Alarcos forestalls further exposure by stabbing Flormonde, and at tbe same instant he learns that his other love, Solisa, has been struck dead by lightning. He stabs himself with the bloody dagger he had just withdrawn from his wife's bosom, and the. tragedy is most exhaustively completed. It has been rereived with great favour at Sydenham. DRAMATIC. You may have an opportunity by-ani-by of seeing the new Rachel of the French stage — Miss Sarah Btrnhardt. Sb* has for some years been the spoilt girl of the Comedie Franc*ise,and during the current engagement of the company in London the has given so much trouble that her connection with it will shortly cease. [It is said she h&s; accepted an \ American engagement for two years, tbe honorarium to be £60,000 and all expenses paid. The terms may be Ameri canized, but the engagement is a fact. Miss Sarah might have been the lioness of the London season, but she carried her coquetries a step too far. One Saturday afternoon, early in the season of the Comedie Fratiriisi?, one of her best plays— 'Phedre'— had to be put o:f because she did not choose to appear. She . pleaded fatigue ; but, as was pointed out, thit would not hold very well in a week when she he had appeared only twice. Her fatigue might have aiisen from the drawiag-roocn periormances she was giving— one of them she had given only the night before. For these it is said the charged about £129. The clever ?young lady made hay all the day round, far she had also an exhibition of her paintings and sculptures. On the opening day she held a kind of levee, and on the other days aba was not above taking sixpence a head from her untitled visitors. A good many of her pictures were sold. The Duke of Connaught purchased a group of statuary ^and many of the best houses in London will retain souvenirs of her exhibition. Tbe Comedie Fran^dise altogether has doue splendid business. . Iu the domestic drama we are not doing much. Mr. Irving takes his benefit shortly, when he will be able, I believe, to announce that his first season as manager has been a finan cial success. He takes a short spell, during which Miss Genevieve Ward will occupy the Lyceum. His next revival will be * CorioUnus,' as to which the critics are again prognosticating tvil. But Mr. Irving's. friends have faith in him, and promise us a uner ' Coriolanus' than even '* Hamlet.' Last time I was behind the scenes at the Lyceum I was shown one oi Mr. Irving's latest art treasures. It came from an anonymous donor, and is a memento of Cb. irles the First. It is a small octavo volume consisting wholly of the finest parchment. Each leaf con tains some illustration of the play, the portrait of a character, a coat of arms, a floral device, er a quotation from the text. The portraits were all executed speciUly for this book, and everything in it is unique. Only one copy exists, and it will remain in Mr. Irving's family.. The boards are of carved ivory, and bear the Stuart arms. The donors of this princely gift were strangers to AI. Irving until he received it, but they had been frequent visitors to the Lyceum. His pro vincial season this year will be very short, as he only goes to a few of the letding provincial towns. There have been several pleasant meet ings between Mr. Irving and M. Got, of the Comedie Franchise. In tbe best spirit of camaraderie he has been asked to try a short season in Paris, and the offer is not one to put aside lightly. Mr. Toole is getting on with his new theatre. 