The Queenslander. SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1879. The Coming Parliament. How will parties stand on Tuesday next ? Will there be an immediate trial of strength? And, if there be, will it be upon the appointment of Speaker or Chairman of Committees, or upon a want of confidence amendment on the Address in reply to the Speech 1 Or will thd Opposition play a waiting game, and await the condemnation of Ministers by a catch vote 1 These are all momentous questions which at present do not admit of definite replies. Even the leaders of parties, it is supposed, will not make up their minds until honorable members reach the metropolis and express their opinions in caucus. We therefore cannot be expected to throw very much Hght upon this interesting subject now. How ever, it ought not to be impossible to draw conclusions from the antecedents of members or from their respective elec tioneering addresses which should serve as an index to the coming struggle. Going through the list of members we find only eleven avowed Government supporters, in addition to Ministers theni- Belves, making a total party vote of sixteen. The claimed Oppositionists, on the other hand, number at least thirty, so that, judging by present appearances, a vote of want of confi dence would be carried by two to one. Of the nine members unaocounted for it is understood that the votes of two, being ex- Ministers, would be affected by a senfee of gratitude for favors to come. It is sup posed that, if uo inducement were offered in these cases, responsibility would be avoided by abstention. Dividing a^ nearly equally as possible the votes of the re maining seven, the net result would be— for the Ministry, 20 - f against, 33. .1$ is quite possible, however, that the actual're sult would be much less unfavorable to Ministers than is thus shown. Their men will be all upon the spot, while several, of their opponents, will probably be absent., What they need, however, is not a moiety of the House, but a good working majority. The country has been called upon to pronounce between the contend ing parties, and if the constituencies have obviously given a verdict against Ministers ' it would be presumptuous on their part to ask the representatives of constituencies to bestow their confidence. But the ver dict of the country can only be definitely expressed by the representatives of the people in Parliament assembled, and hence Ministers are quite justified in awaiting a formal approval or dismissal. It has been urged that if satisfied that the majority would be against them they should have resigned at the close of the elections, but in. that opinion we do not concur. The late House exacted a guarantee for the holding of an extraordinary session in January by granting only six months' supply. That step was in itself a vote (of want of confidence in Ministers, and they are bound, before resigning, to invite a virtual rescission of such vote by the new House. Indeed, there ap peared to be a tacit understanding in Sep tember that the January session should be. little more than a trial of strength, and this for manifest reasons. Had the assembling of Parliament been deferred till the usual time—April or May—a change of Ministry would have been at tended by serious public inconvenience. The new Ministry would claim at least five or six weeks to mature their policy. Even the Thorn administration—a mere recon struction—asked and obtained an adjourn ment of five weeks, and that at a date when the year's Supply was nearly ex hausted. Had the meeting of the new Parliament been deferred until April, therefore, a change of Ministry would have thrown the session entirely into the next financial yeur. That would have involved the passing of one or more temporary Supply Bills on the basis of the last year's Esti mates, the spending of mouey before the appropriations were discussed in Com-' mittee of Supply, and the partial surrender of the Assembly's control over the puree- strings. Suoh a "cbntingency amounts io ft serious danger, and, ought in all pnu dence bd' be guarded against. This, indeed, we understand to be tie chief object of the approaching session. If Ministers still enjoy the confidence of the country, the sooner that confidence is ex pressed by the Assembly in a substantive form the better. Ministers cannot engage in the work of devising necessary legisla tive measures with satisfaction to them selves or benefit to the country while their position is uncertain. If, on the other hand, they do not command a work ing majority in the new House, the sooner that fact is unequivocally expressed the better. The Opposition, also, should insist on bringing matters to an issue. If called upon to take office they would need the entire interval between January and April to prepare for the usual session; and, therefore, to allow Ministers to drag along with a minority in the hope that they will commit some suicidal act, would be quite unjustifiable. It may be that, by taking decisive mea sures next week, the Opposition would incur the reproach of undue eagerness for office; but that is one of the well-under* stood penalties, of political life, and it ought to be allowed no weight in the scale against the public interest. The more deliberately this subject is consi dered, the more apparent will it become tnat the comparative strength of the rival parties should be ascertained before the work of legislation is begun. ' Having reached this conclusion, the next point is, On what question should the trial of strength: be made ? Five years $go, Mr. Palmer invited defeat upon the election of Speaker; but that course is scarcely open to Mr.- Douglas now. He may, however, find the desired test in the election of Chairman of Committees; for it is generally understood that the Opposi tion party have determined to put in as their man & member avowedly hostile to the present Ministry. Or the verdict may be1 taken on the Address in reply to the Speech. Mr. Palmer intimated that he accepted defeat on the Speaker ship to avoid protracted and rancorous fliscissioq, but Mr. Douglas may prefer to make, an attempt at self-vindication, find may even cherish hope of modifying, the opinion of the majority by means of in exhaustive debate. Such a course night be of some public advantage. It : 8 manifest that great anxiety is felt as to ;he 'position and prospects of the colony. I?he opinion seems to be gaining ground that, in regard to public works espe cially, a new departure is imperative. We owe ten millions of money, or nearly £50 per head, and we are spending British capital to the extent of £1,200,000 a year, and yet on all sides we are assailed with complaints of scarcity of money and de pression in trade. Under these circum stances a full expression of opinion from the assembled wisdom of the colony could hardly fail to prove beneficial, and it would be unquestionably useful to the Govern ment whose duty it will bo to prepare the programme of the year. The Governor's Speech may be more than commonly vague, but it will provide some materials for thought and discussion if not for future legislation, upon which too much light cannot possibly be thrown. On the whole, therefore, it may be hoped that if Ministers give up the ghost they will first oblige the public with their dying con fession. What would ultimately follow Mr1. Douglas' resignation it is impossible to say. According to precedent, his Excel lency's first step would be to Bend for the leader of the Opposition. Mr. M'Hwraith would therefore be entrusted with the task of forming a new Ministry. There are those who affect to believe that Mr. Palmer will be the inevitable Premier, despite his declared resolution last year not to again accept responsible office; but we are not of this opinion. We do not think Mr. Palmer would accept the Premiership except under circumstances that are not likely to arise ; but we hope he may be induced to join the new Gov ernment, nevertheless. At this critical juncture the country needs a strong and capable Ministry, and there can be no doubt that the junior member for North Brisbane would be an impor tant and even an essential element of strength to any Ministry formed from the Opposition side of the Assembly. As to the other constituents of a new Miuistry, we have only to add that if the Opposition wish to do good to the country, .or even to retain office for a reasonable term, they must put forward their beet men. 