" WHEN GEORGE THE THIRD WAS • KING." ' Tub pursuits which the world of fashion follow in the present day are widely different I from those our grandfathers and grand' mothers were wont to witness, and the march, or rather full gallop of iutellect has I produced wondrous changes. The old, | quiet, respectable, dull, slow, humdrum routine has given way to the fast railway pace, and those that do not go ahead arc considered "regular muffs." In bygone times no young lady could be seeu abroad except under the surveillance of a rigid chaperon in the person of a mother or maiden aunt. Hansom cabs were not in prospective existence, and, hud they existed, no well\x=req-\ bred married or single woman would have entered them. There were few female equestrians, or, as the late Charles Mathews called them, " ^/^.equestrians," to be met with iu tho parks. An early breakfast, followed by a walk iu the square or Kensington Gardens, attended by a maid ; an hour's practice on the pianoforte, a dancing or drawing lesson, occupied the time until the ghost of a luncheon—cake and homc-mado wine—was annouueed. Then a drive in the heavy family coach in Hyde 1'ork, between Apsley House and what is now the Marble Arch, constituted the afternoon's amusement. Five o'clock tea was unknown ; and at six, or half'past six at latest, and that only in ultra-fashionable houses, dinner was on the table—a plain, substantial meal, as unlike the apician feasts of the.pvesent day as the flickering flame of a farthing rushlight is to the brilliancy of the new electric light, as the old tiinfc and steel fowling-piece is to tho modern breech-loader, as the Hampton Court holiday van is to tho Queen's State Carriage, or any other comparison that may suggest itself to my readers- An occasional visit to a private box at Couvent Garden or Diury Lane (for there were no stalls, and the public boxes were deemed only fit for the plebeiaus), or an evening at tho King's Theatre, where la cremn <h la cremc gathered to talk, and receive visits in their boxes, more than to enjoy the strains of a Cntalini, Graseini, or Naldi. With the exception of a children's or young persons' party to Astley's or Sadler's Wells, no other minor theatre was over attended by the female aristocracy. Tho balls generally commenced at 10 o'clock, seldom lasting laler than i, lemonade, orgeofc, white wine and port negus, tea, calces, and the smallest, thinnest sandwiches, were nil the refreshment the tired dancers had to invigorate them after a long, tedious country dance, or graceful minuet. What a contrast does this iorm to the treadmill drudgery, called pleasure, of the present London season ? Let me give in the form of a fast young lady's diary :—14 Called at 10. Read the Morning Pout; breakfast, tea, toast, and a grilled bone in bed or dressing* room. Twelve—horses at the door—a ride in llotten How until half- past one, when, as horsoy cousin Frank said, * all heads were turned to the manager* Anglic^ luncheon. Luncheon at two, first-rate Badmington and champagne cup well iced. An hour or two at Prince's, four to seven a drive in the Park. Dinner lmU**past eight, ball at twelve, sitting down supper—soup, &c;,, champagne, cui libitum. Cotillion at ha!f«paat three, homo at four." 