DINAH* Br A. C., AUTHOR OF "IN TWO YEARS' TIME," UP THE MURRAY," &C.; CHAPTER I. THE NIGHT THAT DINAH CAME HOME. I remember it so perfectly. It was in the early, part of June. The drought was over; but we were short of water still, winter though it was, and one of the sharpest windy frosts that ever robbed a pretty garden of its last treasures. It was about the time of the wreck of the Loch Ard, and when the Australian Eleven were beginning their English campaign We had just heard how Nobeling had shot the Emperor of Germany, and how the Grosser Kurfürst had been sunk off Folk- stone. And the "crisis" was still holding its proud position as the great and absorbing topic of conversation in every Victorian house- hold. We were not at our town house, as usual at this season. Partly because Mr. Leigh foresaw hard times and thought he would economise for once, and partly because Mrs. Leigh was for awhile disqualified for gay so- ciety, it had been decided to spend the winter at Bangawanga-much to my satisfaction. The station was near enough toMelbourne for Mr. Leigh to visit us once or twice a week (and we really saw as much of him, taking one thing with another, as we should have done in town; where he spent the greater part of his evenings at the club); and, so long as we did not lose his society, everything in the arrangement was a gain to me. I did not like town life. I was not strong enough to dance at balls and play in tennis matches, like other girls; I wearied of paying formal visits, in tight gloves and a long-tailed skirt; and of shopping with Isabella for about two hours a day ; and of yawning behind photo graphic albums through tedious evenings in hot rooms. Melbourne did not suit me; but Bangawanga always did-dear, sweet, pretty place !-though the cottage was hardly big enough for such a family as we were now. As a family we were, indeed, rather an odd collection to be gathered together under the roof of any one house, whether little or big. To begin with its head, Mr. Leigh had married three times. HiB first wife was a widow, with an only son, John Davenant by name, who was now a man of 30 and a | partner in the business in Flinders-lane. By her he had Dinah: and, three days after Dinah's birth, she died. Then he married my mother, who was also a widow; and she likewise died in a year or two, from the effects of a buggy accident. I was her child, but not his. My father was drowned in the Murray before I was born–trying to cross a mob of cattle when the river was swollen with snow floods from the ranges; and I was three years old when Mr. Leigh, coming up about some mortgages that he had on our property, fell in love with my poor little mother, and took home her and me to Mel- bourne. When she died–after they dragged her out from under the wheels, white and crushed, with me screaming and struggling in her arms–Mr. Leigh got an old sister to keep house for him, and took to a club life. John went to the grammar school, and after wards home to Rugby and Cambridge. Dinah and I had, first, a French nurse, and then a daily governess; and then, when Miss Leigh unexpectedly remarried an ancient clergyman from " the Sydney side," we two were sent to England to finish our education. When we were gone, and Dinah was 12 and I 13 years of age, Mr. Leigh married for the third time –not a widow, but a dashing young Mel- bourne belle of 22 or thereabouts. This lady had been his wife eight years, and had borne him seven children. So that we were a household of a dozen, and a very miscel laneous assortment, as John Davenant truly said. Bat we got on much better than might have been expected. Mr. Leigh was a generous, warm-natured man of sense and culture, with a peppery temper and a large and loving heart; a great man of business in Flinders-lane, and an authority on whist, wine, and news about town, at the club; a man of 60, who looked about 45; a gentleman to the back-bone; a kind, though by no means slavish husband, and the best of fathers and stepfathers. Mrs. Leigh was a good creature, too, in her way. She was vulgar in detail, so to speak. She dressed abominably, in all the extravagances of the latest fashion, whatever it was ; she was familiar in her manners with gentlemen; she talked and laughed loudly in places of public resort But she was the kindest woman I ever knew, and one of the best housekeepers and managers. To have lived with Mrs. Leigh was to cooks and housemaids a good character for life; and the excellence of her nursery arrangements was supposed to be un- surpassed. Even John Davenant, who always seemed twice as old as his stepfather, and who would not have touched a baby with a pair of tongs, allowed that nobody suffered any inconvenience to speak of from the presence of seven under the paternal roof. Her treatment of me was excellent, though 1 did not always like it. I had had to come home from school when I was 16, because I could not stand the English winters, and she had had the charge of me for five years: and even the annual baby had not tempted her to relax her vigorous efforts for my good. I had a weak chest, and a weak back, and was generally delicate and ailing. Some said it was because I had been hurt in the accident that killed my mother, and others that I had inherited from her a consumptive consti- tution. Whatever it was, Mrs. Leigh (or Isabella, as we called her) seemed to consider it a standing disgrace to herself that so feeble a being should belong to her household, when everybody else did such credit to her management. And indeed I did her the justice to think that her failure in curing me was the most convincing proof that I was incurable. "You would really be pretty, Nan," she used to say, as she sat on the foot of my bed in the early mornings, to see that I drank my rum and milk honestly, " if only you could get a little flesh on your bones, and a bit of colour in your face. You have such nice hair, and such nice shoulders, you know, and hands–I would give anything for your hands! But nobody will look at you while you're, such a scarecrow. I shall never get you a husband–I'm sure I never shall. It would have been so delightful to take a grown-up daughter about, at my age, if only she did me a little credit. But you don't, Nan, and there's no denying it" "Never mind, Isabella." I used to rejoin, smiling as my eyes rested on her own over- * The right of publishing " Dinah" has been purchased by the proprietors of "The Australasian." full proportions, exaggerated by the frills and pinkness of her dressing gown ; " never mind. You will hare Dinah to take about some day : and I'm sure she will do you credit, if I don't." And now Dinah was come, As I stood on the threshold of the drawingroom window, and looked out over the paddock, dimly lit by a young moon very near its setting, I could hear the sound of the buggy wheels in the distance on the frosty road. Fire years ago we had parted in London, two heart-broken schoolgirls in short frocks and pinafores; now we were women, both out of our teens. Dinah had been presented at court, and it was three years since I had " come out" at a Government-house balL We had corre- sponded regularly during the interval, recording in voluminous letters every trivial addition to our experience of life. Yet even I felt, as I watched for her return, that I had my acquaintance with her to make all over again. As for Isabella, she had never (to her knowledge) seen her second daughter at all. I shall never forget the look of pride and triumph on her father's face as he brought her in. Isabella would not allow me to go out into the cold air to meet the buggy, and Isabella's nurse would not allow her: so we received her in the drawingroom, where all the lamps were lit and a brilliant fire burning. As she came into the light and revealed her self–dazed a little by the glare and the strangeness about her, but perfectly self-pos- sessed and cool–I thought I had never seen such a regal creature. She had on a dark woollen dress, and a sealskin jacket and cap: but if she hadi been dressed in sackcloth and ashes she must still have looked like a princess. She was tall and straight, and carried her beautiful head in the air, with an unconscious dignity that justified itself to all beholders. She had a warm, brown skin that was most delicately pure, and yet bloom- ing with rich young blood in perfect health and vigour; and she had great, dark, lovely eyes, quick and keen, with a large, steadfast look in them that made the person she looked at feel mean and small. Bat it was not eyes, nor complexion—it was she—that was beautiful, with a brilliant, emphatic, im- perious beauty that could not be overlooked under any circumstances. What a contrast she was to me, as I saw the two of us together in the long mirrors that Isabella had had let into the wall-panels to make the little room seem bigger. I was so slender and so white, with only such faint tints about me—the pale gold of my hair, and the pale blue of my eyes, and the pale pink that went and came in the clear pallor of my face, which people who did not wish to com pliment me called hectic, and those who did likened to sea-shells and blush roses and everything that was delicate and lovely. I had put on one of my best evening dresses in Dinah's honour, and it was an Indian silk as soft as a pocket-handkerchief and the colour of new cream, with borders of gold-work about it, in which she would have looked magnificent, but which made me, standing beside her, like a ghost. The difference between us struck everybody simulta- neously. " The lily and the rose," simpered Isabella, laying one hand on my fichu and another on Dinah's sealskin: "Say a good stout stick of rhubarb," laughed her husband, looking proudly at his daughter, "and a slip of seakale that has never felt the sun. Never mind, Nan," he added hastily, stroking my hair, " seakale is about the nicest vegetable going; you know how fond of it I am." " Nan," said Dinah solemnly, " you are a year older than I am and I could carry you from here to the lodge without setting you down once, I do believe. But you look as if you would melt away if one took hold of you. What is the matter with her, papa?" " Nothing, nothing, " said he, drawing me within his arm. "She's like the lilies, as Isabella says; it's her nature to be white." As for Isabella, she was as great a contrast to Dinah, in her different way, as I was. She had been a pretty girl not so many years ago, in a florid and dashing common-place style, but as the mother of seven children she was stout and coarse; and I thought she had never looked so coarse as she did at this moment, with her brilliant rose-coloured robe de chambre smothered in bows and Breton lace, and a deep-flounced cap almost covering her frowsy head, beside the exquisite refinement of Dinah's high-bred face and the simple and sombre richness of Dinah's dress. Poor Isabella! when Dinah stared at her with that lofty, straight-forward, critical earnestness that a stepmother might have been excused for thinking a trifle impertinent, she looked so pleasant and friendly that I had a strong impulse to kiss her. She was young herself; she liked attention, and to be thought somebody in society; and here was a lovely grown-up daughter who would be sure to put her in the background. And yet she never dreamed of jealousy, and I knew she never would. 