FOR a member, of tbe BERRY MSnistjy, Major SMITH haB aciueved a great feat. He has won golden opinions from the Opposition papers for the speech he .; nude at the opening of the (Long Gnllj school tbe other day; and remembering the toae in which those papers osnally write abMit members of the BERRT Mioistry,indiridaally and collectiveJj, this is-certainly something wonderful for Major SMITH to hare accomplished. We bope, however, all th'" praise will not have any untoward effect upon his position as Minister of the Crown. Experience shows that praise bestowed by the'Oppoeition papers opon a Liberal Minister asaaUy brings him into trouble, by creating a notion in. the public mind that his designs are not of the best, and that he is on the eve of ratting from his old party. There Is always danger ahead, therefore, to a popular Minister, when the Opposition papers take him in hand, and speak favorably of his fatare intentions. Bat we trust the general public will not distrust Major SMITH because the Opposition press all at once has something to say in his favor. We can assure everybody that Major SMITH is not the kind of cattle to be caught by musty corn of that sort. He is not likely to lose Ins head because his old enemies in the press praise the remarks he-made at Long Gully last week. He is just the same u old six and eightpence " that he was before these comaliments fell'upon him as furiously as a lailstorm breaks in the hot season, or the lava poors oat of Vesuvius when that mount is in a terrible state of etuptioa. He has laid oat a certain course to pursue. . That .course is that he will remain true -as steel to the ' Liberal party; and therefore the mOBt ardent Liberal need not have -the least fear that Major SMITH'S politics will be in the slightest degree deranged by the compliments which the Opposition papers have lately showered upon him. He accepts these com- pliments as due to the very, excellent ideas be has given utterance to on the subject of a more complete scheme of education for the masses; audio' that extent, and that extent alone, -is he affected by their appearance. Of conrse, everybody must speak well of those ideas, because f they «re eminently practical, and calculated to do a vast amount of good when realised; although it is still very remarkable that, coming as /they have done from a member. of. the hated BESET Ministry, the Oppositionjiapers should say a single word in their favor. To establish in all. the principal towns at first, and gradually, extend them t6. all other settlements ^terwardsj ^dasses, which will enable the more studious of the State school youths of both sexes to work up to pass the civil service-and matriculation examinations of tbe University entirely free-of..cost,-is « good idea, aud one thatJoee infinite credit to ita proposer. It sjmply jng^ps. bringing! the' highest- - class : of .' instruction -homfe to the poorest youth, and placingiiiinOTieron is^sonnd a looting, in tbe way of education, as tbe most favored in the -land, and thus make learning the common heritage of all from the Murray to Jhe - ocean. The- Minister who gives utterance to this: idea, and reduces it to practice, te a real benefactor to the working classes, and deserves all the praise that can be bestowed upon', him. . Bat Major SMITE'S innovations do not stop here. He intends also -next^ear to ask Parliament to throw the University open on a basis that will make it accessible to all classes^ owing to the: moderate fees that will then be charged; he . also intends to establish penny savings banks in connection with'The 8cho0l8 ;1o — gradually purge the State system.-of the.nnqualified teachers who still' retnain in- it,' and to estaUish model wofehopa in Targe ^centres of popnlation, such as Melbourne, BaIlarat, Sandhnrst, GeeIopg, &c.;, in connection with his department. Evety one jf .these, sl^rations mil certainly prove , t>eneficdal. Tia firat will bong -tbe means* of obtaining the'bighest education borne 'to all; fw person^ attendance at the University is not indispensably;: necessary to carry - off this honors it bestows upon the studious. With one' flxoeption, theee^honors can be jvprked for just. as ^euccessfully in ®»ll(^tl«8?ln :Melbo(in» ;£spd jtheadoption,^ a scale, of merely .nominal fees will place theee distinctfons wiihin tbe reach of anyone ;who <£oefBS-to 4abor for ^bem. The-seoondf ior thftiMtjjlishing of^ienny savings .banks,, will^ encourage thrift :ampnjpt tte .bpys ^aiSre^!? attending the' State..schools,' land ttua>tomj)ri»ductive til no end soiagl lytjyagtage.' The tlurd, -or_Jtel2di«^^pL3jioe£teacl»rs _ who *fli:»!#t*ja«Bfieacfe>r. the^psstioji they ipy, wiUstfmjiyrbe an act of jastice arents, as -well-as a very proper comantipaid S^iubse daiidijatei^arteacher- «bipe htveiptaa^d UKrseqanite examination; althftftghjt^m Major SMITH'S hi» moyals. Tbe^oftfli, and last, alteration » & l^fV^'to'T^e, Is ^o^ibeoeficis).:, ,Tbe -diffculty which poor , parents—labor under, in getting ineuperabla- . - PrBnunma r nudging f 1 from £80 up to £l50~are tiow asked for te&chmg; the most ordinary occupations; and bearing t i a in mind the rush, so to speak, of new aspirants there are every year to join tbe rams of skilled labor, it is quite impossible to say that any wrong is done by' this demand. The tradesman has a certain article at bis disposal, for which he can obtain a price; loss of time is. involved in imparting tbe skill be possesses:' and therefore he commits no moral or legal wrong by declining to supply it free to all comers. Bat tbe veiy fact of a premium being-asked, prevents poor people from obtaining what tbefc sons in tfais jrBspect need, and keeps> them backjn the ranks of .unskilled Jabot.' The scheme, .proposed by. Major SfflTp, of - establishing workshops in -the .centres of population, at which all poor; State Bchool toys will be~taught trades free, will, therefore, overcome s great drawback under which- the poor suffer; and "there, ia .ne denying "the fact that it will be a good thing for the peopleof Victoria when Major SMITH'S proposal is adopted. Of course, all of these alterations are not to be made at^' once. Indeed anything of the sort, for a'nnmber of reasons, would be impossible. Bat Major SMITH intends to carry out these ideas as fast as circumstances will permit; and iio mortal man at the bead of oar State school oe system could do mors than this, to realise such great ana salutaiy improvements. These, then, are the staple features of the speech' whfch was made at LongGallylast'wcefc; and, therefore, it is no wonder that Major SMITH ahonld have had so many compliments bestowed uponhim since. Still it ia sarpriaing that theOpposition papersshould have joined,in the general prase which tlfose suggestions have evoked. As a rule, tbe Conservative papers can never see anything good in what members of the BERRT Ministrypropose, bat, on the, contrary,, everything that is bad. It is, therefore, with no little astonishment Siat the public finds the Opposition papers speaking favorably of Major SMITH over this apeewh, and giving him no end of credit for good intentions. The effect is cfctainjy startling and unique. Bat let us hopeihat no-evil resrilt to the Sinister of Education will follow. Otherwise, the conrse of educational progress may suffer by the praise which has been bestowed en Major SMITH ; and every person will tben have sound reason to regret its appearance. : A. RECENT telegram from Europe announces the outbreak of the plagne in Russia. The fact is of nnasual significance, inasmuch as this dread visitation is essentially an Asiatic and Mohammedan scourge, not a European aad Christian one. It comes to the Russians, this time, as a penalty for their.rspacious aggression upon the territories of their neighbors- They have caught it from tbe Persians, in Bpite of very stringent measures to prevent its intrusion amongst them. The troth is, they .have made of the Caspian a Russian lake; and it is a fact almost as old a» history, that the ptague always lurks aroand the shores of that inland sea. Last year it committed great ravages at Besbt, the only port now left to the Persians; and it bas ono» more made its appearance at Astrakhan, On tbe Volga, and is rapidly spreading northward. Tbe calamity is a heavy one for the Russian; for it is.amengst tbe most difficult tasks that human, skill and energy can undertake to root oat the pestilence when once it has gained an entrance. If it yields at all, it yields only to the forces of nature, not to medicine or to the art of the physician. So. we find that, during tbe bygone summer is the southern BtateB. of America, tbe deafly scourge almost desolated New Orleans, and only died away when winter set in with its frosts and snows, It is essentially a product of the warm, humid, southern climate; and its march at any given time might almost be laid down in parallels of latitude. Thus, by extending his conquests and acquisitions too far southward, the Russian has acclima- the plagne within his dominions, and periodical recurrence may be looked on j a matter of certainty. It ia one of the a penalties of national greed; and, thus regarded it ia hardly possible to bestow pity on the delinquent Czar, although one must eel .touched,at any great calamity that falls upon poor humanity. 8ut it is a remarkable fact, and one that is perhaps connected with more than physical "circumstances, that the plague never dies out of tbe regions of Mohammedanism. If it is not in Constantinople, it is in Teheran; if it is not in Teheran, it is in - Alexandria; if it is not in Alexandria, it is in Algiersif it is not in Algiers, ic is in Morocco. ' It haunts the shores of tbe Persian Gulf, and is all but chronic along the eastern coast of the Mediterranean. It-may. move from place to place,-bat it-never quits theHand of tile Mohammedan. The" fact j is sot to be expISried on ' the' common grounds of the fatalism which renders tbe believer in the Prophet quite -careless: of precaution, ot -the ignorance which 'deprives him of medical resources.- SSh- undoubtedly have their effect; but they are inadequate to account for the almost perpetual presence of this most terrible of all diseases. The Christian; uatiops bordering on tbe Mediterranean are nearly -as careless, are as strongly fatalistic in their views so far as neglect of ^precautions goes, are scarcely less ignorant . of medicine, and are to^ the full as squalid in their persons, and as: nnwb^esome in tbeir food, as thar Mohammedan neighbors. Yet the plagne very rarely : crosses the bonier line between the two nationalities. Malta, for example, is quite as.'much; Asiatic'as European ; and .yet Malta, although lying almost within sight of the" territories; of- Islam, is rarely.;;or;snever vjsited |by the scourge. Sicily, , again, proverbial as it is for its nuxture' of population, thetf sqaaU^n^sfli.their recklessness, and ignorance, is. exempt from the visitation. Ecngl'AKE ' points out in Ins brilliant little .book ^jf Bastern travels that the two frOttier XdwnB ;pn the Danube— Semlin and Belgrade : -^rB less than a gunshot apart, yet their "inbabitaiits hold (no communion with each bther. -'VThe Hungarian on the noith, Wtd t^e Turk and the Servian on the soutfem side of the Save, are as much asunder J As thopgh there t^ere fifty broad provinces that Iayc in the path between them. .Of the men that bustled around me in - the streets flf :Semlin, there was not, perhaps, one who .had ever gone flown to lc»t,:^iC |j^EVt<iuiger eace dwelling ender the wails bf^ that opposite castle. It. -js : 'the ^^gt(e,' ,and ; the dread ; divide tbe one people from' the other. iAll coming and goto Standsf0rt>idd6nby jtlffi taror bt the j^ow'^f rffl^: w one W those facta in baman.'lffe- which ' escape general notice, and'that 'hiveiri thein a^feep uhderiying signfficanoeT' ^aterar sciriics. "C^r BSBert-to^e^mB^ayT^^reTs^aoinething in it ^lit'r 1^^ pf4- • —' - ft more tban mei in any - case,' ' vanably foOrowAHpsn a breaking ! tff the barriers between tbe Tnrk and foe Christian. He fcas ^tafcetf%oire r $iim be bwgwnefl for.'hy_tu« rapacious greealfdr worid-wida'dominion'., L-Thetubject, reoiote ss It mayat first sight seem, isnot without: intereet even for us Australians. In these days of swift and universal travelling, the lands of ti« Tnrk are becoming ag familiar to us fi* was formerly the route by the Cape to Europe. They Be in the very highway traversed by the msil steamers, and vessels take tbe Suez route homeward or ontwai:d. _ It concerns us to know what is passing" in those lands," and it chiefly cobcerns as to take care that no importation of a deadly evil comes to as from thence. For 4he rest,-oar splendid climate, oar remoteness from the northern hemisphere, oar -English habits and modes of life, and (let it Js added) our Christianity, are all -power' fully preservative forces.'BgaiBBt tbe incursion of the terrible standing scourge of -the followers of the Arabian Prophet. The lota offered for sale in the Camp street reserve will be pat ap at public auction on Friday, tiie 21st proximo. An engiac-driver named James Croughey, em- ; plowed, at tbe Britanma Company's battery, sustained a fnctare of one of fais l^s'mrMonday evening thrangh a sadden fsll of stone while he was below. : Tbe injured men was at once brough to the anrface, and removed to his residence^ where he.va^attended by Dr Nicholson. The 'fire-feells of the town and city rang oat shortly before two o'clock yesterday morning, but the cuiae of tha -alarm could not be discovered, and it is supposed that it was only the momentary ignition of a fonl chimney. . Dldos Cutti, a respcctabty-drcssed man, fiftyflve years of a^e, was -lodged in the cky lock-np last night, nhirged with obtaining money nnder false pretences from oneCharles Bittress, at Melbourne, .oa the 1st of "April last. He was arrested at the railway station last night by Sergeant Carden, and will be brought up at the City Police Court tordsy, when lie will probably be^eaended to Melbourne. . . J'. A Chinaman—name and station by his own act withheld from pnblie fcen—wasobserved by a lad yesterday morning loiteriDg ln suspiciously cloae proximity to Mr J. O.Taylor's boot shop in Start Street,—Thetwy'watched'thestrange behavior of the Celestial, and was rewarded for his vigi-, lance by observing him coalesce a pur of boots, and depart with them in a manner that spoke lordly pf_ bis. serious, intentions to retain them witbobt the knowledge or consent of their owner. Tbe boy consequently informed Mr Taylor of th* circumstance, and the "latter promptly proceeded to interview the delinquent, who,.however, had.no desire to hear the views of the would-be doputxtioii. « John'' departed hastily ap a by-street, closely followed by the on ner of tbe boot*, and as the latter pressed him mote than -was agreeable to him, he boame annoyed, aud threw the boots into a garden, still pursuing the even tenor of his way. His pursuer stopped to attach the stolen property, and when he bad done ao the The statement that Mr Xtreweatt, late legal manager of the Clanea .Quartz Company, bad left the town to avoid tbe consequences of certain financial deficiencies in connection with his positio of manager, was. officially confirmed (says tbe dunes Guardian)> on Monday at the half-yearl meeting of the company, when it was reported ithat defalcations argonating to £262 odd had beenidiscovered., These-were mostly dividends due to shareholders, soma bong in Ireland, some in-other colonies, aud alb residents at a distance. The amounts be represented, by entries in the dividend receipt book, as having paid by bank draft occash, -whereas it appeased no such payments have-been made to the. parties to whom tbey -were due. Other irregularities were also discovered, aiaong them the tampering with tbe hank book. Et was resolved to orenlate'a fall statement of the-whole affair for the information of: the shareholders, and the meeting then adjourned far 'a fortnight. Mr S. F. Matthews is appointed managerpw tern. The subscription picnic given nnder the auspices of tbe Watsr Commission waa held at the: reserves yesterday^ and/ thanks to the very pleasant weather, the excellent arrangements o't&be; picnic committee, and the spidt with which, the merrymakers entered into., the business o£ enjoying themselves, it proved"hot only very aacoeaafal, but so enjoyable t&t; it is likely-to -beooma- an annual affair. About seventy-five ladies and gentlemen, inrlpdrig four of the Eastern councillors and all the City, with the exception of the Bon. Major Smitk^ whom business prevented bom attending left the Water Commission, offices shortly alter tsn yesterday morning in waggonettes, and proceeded -at once to Hsnj Botle'e dam, the borders of which had heen selected as tbe scene of the day's festivities. On thsir arrival there tbe picnickers, having partaken of refreshments, entered into the various gauaes affected on such occasions with hearty good-will. Cricketing, .croquet, and. roundershad ail a goodly number of votuiea, and dancing (to aussic supplied by Mr Schraeder'e baud) .was alea csrxied pn with vigor. Shortly after noon the whole party sat down to an al Jresto dinner, provided by Host M'llobinson in capital style, and when it had teen done ample ustice - to - the different games woe resumed. Not the least interesting portion of the fun was series of., races, vhich .'proved , moat exciting both to the competitors and the spectators. A match between Messrs Troup and Ivey was an event worthy of jiote. The former carried a weighty City councillor pick-a-pack, and nndortook to ran, burdened in that manner, 50 yards to his opponent's J.00.. After a close race, tbe representative of the-agricultural interest proved the victor, beating the- gentleman of the locomotives by about a yard. A flatrace of 100 yards between the honorary solicitor for the commission and another member of the legal fraternity'seemed a moral certainty for the last mentioned, but though he seem^ the morefitoif the two, the legal representative of the ootntniasion landed an easy winner, amid the applause of tbe company. The proceedings were brought, to. a conclusion by .the company toasting in Mpet tbe -of tbe commission, whose .heall& wae proposed by tbe Hon. Mr Cuthbert, and who suitably responded; and tbe toast of " The Ladies," proposed by CoaucOlorB. Lewis, and duly responded tcrby Messrs Phillips and Ivey. ,The good old-fashioned conntry danc^ SlrBogerde Coverley, was the concluding scene to the picnic, and it was danced by everyone present. Mr Oddie aad tiie city mayoress leading off. The party then drove home through the reserves; the only incident ofnDte "being the Blaughterola largebrown snake, that was-discovered on the road, iand the picnickers arrived in town safely, shortly after seven 'o'clock. -: The date for applying for space at the Sandhurst Kxhibition is extended .to the' S\st instant. We ue dad to bft ablp to-repprt .that Ballarat will be well-represented in the Javenile' Court. Applications lot apace toiMrSannisterare very numerous. A telegram from Sandhurst :to ihat gentleman states, the applications are immense. This promises -well for the success of the oomiog exhibition. . An examinstion for certificates for music under the Education Act was bdd .at the Central Training State:School,lJo. S3,yesterday; MrSummers, inspector of music, assisted by Mr-Inspector Gamble, presiding. There were ten candidates, and the examination,-of which the results will be known at some future -date, was conducted in jtbe "Usual Way. . T The Urge 1 mirror used byMrJ)\Arcy Bead for the production or hiH " Ghost" reached Ballarat in aafety yeste^ay alternoon,, and was at once removed tothe-Acafcmy of.AIuuc and hgisted up to the stage floorhy-means of a winch and pulleys ?The feat was a rather difflcnlt one, and a number of people collected " justto aee, you know" whether the mirror.Bught not meet with the fate of its predeoHsor. Happily this was not tbe case. ' v The case of Terry v H.; Kelson vru wrongly stated in our police court reportyesterday, it should have set forth that the case waa dismissed instead of an order liang made forthe plaintiU. spfelal general .meeting of tie committee of the OlrphaaJAsylum was held In the Water-Cbmmisrion office last iiight, to' elect the tiuse committee. .Tbe .president <Mr J. C. MoUay), end Messrs Xewis, Glenn, Bichards. Gray, • Id'Kee, Wreford, IStzpatrick, Dyte, Phmips, Curtis, Ferguson, and Glenny were present.: The following committee^aa,chosen:—Messrs Scott, Phillips, M'Eee,- FItipatrick, and" -Glenn. On the motion «Ht' Ettbiris, It -was^detennlhed 'to hold the naual monthly: -meeting of tbe general com-, mittee tbe, secoad.Tuesday .fa every month. It was alto resolved.that .the annual picnic for the inmatesjafaouldbebdd at .Geelongiif the medical stsff approve*>f that arrangement. Tbe secretary informed the committee that lie bad received no tenders -for printing the annual report, though h bad heard that two jad been aept by post. On tile motion of Mr lewis,, the bouse committee ® tsiMbw«rea tb ,accept '.tender for printing 1 the repi«^; It wasjfesolred that teiiden be called for sopplytn^ 2^0 'ttns firewood^returnableby the 'neft-hbase'comiiuttee meeting and that that com. tniltce have'poorer to.consider them .and accept bnel ThenJaOi of the next-^neeting'of the house comuuttee was-then- -fixed -far Monday, the 27th -instanvattdlbeacommlttee.adjoaraed. • ISie committee--ofr .the. Mechanics^, .fastitnte :ifivft$Tesalv5e(i toliaVeaWllard-rAom in connec- •Hoii^KU 'hra^ra^y. _ _ tidren steps HflM^Hlt.'-^-xteittjipM.M FmMiSi, and to whkji drawlng 'and dingink 'dassea hare bwn Md-tbr^oiBeMiae-paat, is to be renovated and itted «p .with three table*. The contract < fo cleaning and altering the room has been let to Mr ,- 3Kfey, ahfl for the'-Iaaf two or three -days men have been busily employed, in .painting and deaningit Tbe tables are to be supplied by Messrs Alcock and Co, of Melbourne, and the contract for fitting and setting them up has beea let to Mr Thurston. Sfe' work of renovating the roonfMd fita^rtte taHai will be completed by the mfa^le of nrat month, when the members will be able to Jtvad ftemsejv of it. The cast of altering the room' and porchaa ing and erecting tbe tables wfli be abotu' f6B0. A meeting of tbe picnic committee of the Licensed Victuallers' Association waa oela last night at Craig's hotel; Mr Irwin in tbe chair, and ten other gentlemen present. The secretaiy read an acknowledgment for the receipt of £20 deposit for chartering the steamer Williams, also s communication forwarded with a deposit of £27 to tbe traffic department, Melbourne, for ttw engsgemaot of a special train. Arrangements were made far engaging a bald, and Messrs Ward and Lovitt were appointed M.C.'s. The selling of tickets at the Western asd Eastern railway stations was also provided for." It'Ji-sj reported-that tickets, were gelog.off veiy rapidly, and that there waa every probability of the excursion being most successful- The list ef complimentary tickets was then drawn up, and a vote of thai*s to the <*air closed tbe meeting. Mr JesseSbepard gave what is term sda "p^cSoj logical, mesmeric, daintoyaht, and musical soiret at tbe room in tbe Academy known as Bridger •Uery. last night._ The audience wwjamposeo iiefliy of confessed spiritaalists, and;t5e general, verdict of the people present was one of nnqualifled t satisfaction at the performance. The exhibition ;of clairvoyancy was agreed to-be very successful, tbe . clairvoyant, making some angular statements. When in a state of clairvoyaa&y;, Mr Shepaid professed to delineate the gifts and ^slides of peraons In his audience, and mostof those- whosecharactfen he -told agreed with what he related to them. 31ie musical portion of tbe entertainment was very enjoyable, Mr Shepard, at the request of hiaaodltors, playing tbe operas of " Faust" aud " II Tiovatore," some Assyrian music, and several other seleetioas; and be also sang in a dtiet for sopraaaandbess. Mr Shepard does not intend to give atq more pnblic seances, but will hold them privately as heretofore. At St- John's Church, Feel street,-last eveningr tbe annnal distribution of prizes to the scholarsattending tbe Sabbath schools took place. Tbe Bev. B. Kennedy distributed a large number jof books tothe ancoeesfal scholars, in tbe presence iof a good radience of parents and friends.. The children sang selections of music, under theleaderahip of AV David Thomas,- in a very- abSs manner during the .evening. The superintendent, Mr Sneddon, addressed ' the meeting with veiy appropriate reaarka. After a vote of thanks to tbe £hair the meeting closed. . A meeting of the committee of the Ballamt regatta took place last evening. Tbe meeting was .very anccesafbl, tbe subscriptions and promises of subscriptions towards the object being nnnserous. A sub-committee was appointed to draw ap the programme ft* the regatta. - It is urgently re- quested that every member'of the committee will attend the next'meeting on Tuesday, the 28th instant, and report as to the amount of money subscribed or proansed^ as it is necessary that this Should be known by that date in older that tbe programme may he issued. .Special aeliwcaa in celebration of tbe - Darling Street Primitive Methodist Church were held on Sunday. These waa a large congregation at each n service, and tbe amounts realised at the collectionswere satisfactory. On Monday night a pnHie y meeting was- held ; Air Bailey in the chair. Ad. dresses were dfeivered by the Bevs. .W. Hunt and J. G. Wright,.and Mr W. Taylor. Messrs G. and F. Herbert presided at the harmonium during^the evening, and Ma Uren acted aa conductor Tor tbe choir, which included twenty-five singers. ' SolMwere sung by. Mr and Mrs Uren and Miss Bec& mann, and Mr Sossell gave an excellent recitatien. We are indebted to Messrs Jenkins and Co.,. -fish salesmen! ^ the fallowing return of the fish business done by then! in Ballarat during the yean 1878:—Number of baskets fishreceived from the undermentioned -places—Queenscli^ -2987; Geolong, 1845 ; 3t- Leonard's, 200; Gippaland, 8S2^ Melbourne, 86&; Portland, 2078; Echnca, 62— total, 8827. Different varieties aa follow—Bathead, baskets, 1880 ; barracoota, 1411 ; trevalla, 1193; garfish, 976; Gippaland fish, 852;. pilchards, 752; nixed fish,706; trout, 569; whiting, 164; yellow tail and kingflsh, 108; salt fish,1G0; Murray codj 62—total, 8827. Besides the above, Messrs Jenkins and Co. disposed of during 26Z8— Shell -flab,, baskets, 61; eels, bags, each about 1£ cwt, 187; crayfish, averaging 8 dozen eacb, do, 289: oysters, do, i23; smoked fish, dozens, £55; do pilchards, cases, 81; rabbits, dozens,. 2038; bares, 213; prawns, quarts, 1470; wild fowl, braca, 60S. We are requested by Mr W. J. Gates to state that Miaa Bosina Carandini will positisdy take part ilk the concerts announced by 'her to.be given at the Mechanics' Institute this evening and tomorrow. The programme for this evening Is an excellent one. and should attract a large audience. The annual meeting of the Benevolent Asylum governors and subscribers will be held this evening at the board-room. Camp atreet, at eight o'clock. A degree meeting of the Independent Order of Oddfellows will be held at the Societies' Hall, Grenville street, this evening, at eight o'clock. We are asked to direct attention to an adver- tisement which appears elsewhere, announcing that " Mr Jesse Shepard will receive a few more members to complete the class forming for the development of mediumistic gifts." We see that Mr J. C. Boviands, of Sebastopol, has on sale several first-classgreyhounds belonging to Mr D. Jones. An announcement to this effect appears in our advertising columns. The amount received on the Victorian Bailways for the week which ended on tbe IGtb instant wai £24,631 9s 6d. The sum received in tbe correspaad. ing week of 1878 Kas-£23,879 3s 8d. advertising columns this morning the committee -invite 'tedders for the yearly supply of firewood to the Orphan Asylum. The Ballarat branch of the Australian Natives 1 Association will meet at Craig's hotel this even, ing, at eight o'clock. A social meeting of the Lifeboat Lodge, I.O.G.T., w01b°. held thia evening at «ight<ftjlnck. The wisdom of urging forward the works of the Horsham railway, so as to permit of opening the line to Mnrtoa and to facilitate the transmission to market of the produce of-last harvest, has bpen thoroughly justified .(ssys the Age) by tbe result Betnrns show that -for the week ending the 3th instant 6486 bags of wheat and 14V hags of flou weresent from Mnrtna to various stations, and in the week ending the 16th instant the quantity waa increased to 10,273 bags wheat, 284 flour, 164 barley, and 128 bran. This makes a grand total for the fortnight of 17,464 bags- of' produce i - l.-j _u.k no i o — : j : The Maryborough Standard thus deals with' slander of the Argus, to which we referred in bur leading columns of last .Saturday:—"We have not profited by any special favors in the way of Government advertisements, but thf case with us has been rather the reverse. During the time tbat tbe present Ministry have been in office, tbe Government advertisements inserted in this jonnial have been fewer in number and smaller in size than they were during the rule of previous Ministries. We make no personal complaint on this score, because we deem . tbe .decreased amount of expenditure to be proof that the present Government manage the adverti-ing- departtnent more economically, than their predecessors. So far from being favored by the present Ministry we may mention that frequently Goverament advertisemeots have, appeared in the columns of a . Conservative cahtefapiury, and no notice has been given for the insertion of them in'this journa thus compelling us to write -to the department for instructions to insert tbem. We trust that'the foregoing statements will-be sufficient to disabuse the minds of our readers of the least suspicion that 7e reoeiveanything in the shape of either favor or 'stipend'for.our support of the present Government," i . i i , ^ Two numerously-signed petitions (saya the Age hare been- received % Uu Governmeat.from' tbe inhabitants of th^ Iiake. Bo»an -district, prayingfor the release or Joseph Byan, one of tbe inen' apprehended oo suspicion of being a sjinpaihiser and abettor of the" Kellya. The petitioners state that tbey have knows Byan from his^nlaticy, !an3 that be has. slways borne an irreproachable character. The subject will probably be considered at an early meeting of the Cabinet. . The Herald of last night contains a letter ftvm C. A. Cbizzola, manager of the Soldene .-opera troupe' during its ataiy'.in the AastrsKan colonies, in which writer says that he paid all the members of the company who remained behind bece every farthing that was due to tbem Jot wages, and tba e they left his company entirety of their own will. Mr Chizzola also aays that he lost over £3000 by his trip to these colonies- Another dodge on the part of the <3ppo»itionV The Telegraph says tbat the following ia a copy a petition which is being signed by the unemployed for presentation to his Excellency tbe Governor:— " The petition humbly showeth that,--in-Cobsequence of the depressed state of trade, yonr petitioners have been, and are suffering great distress from tbie lack of employment; that the taaprityo your petitioners are able.-bodied workmen,- and al are ready and -willing to -work, bot after^iBing'- «very endeavor to obtain work tbey have heenluasuccesilul; 'that your petitioners would 'implore your Excellency to take Into consideration: ^e tiistress at present prevailing iin Methoujnie; the r fact that many are ahsolutdy dmtitnte, and suable even to obtain shelter at night; while neither reli by day nor a covering:by-night is afforded^by any of the diaritable institutions even-in Anatat daserving cases. May it therefore please - your Ex cellency to devise means for alleviating the evils under which your petitioners are suffering,by direc ting Ae Executive to Mi on foot pnbli-»». wteeiby your """ petitioners m»>enabled mk) to2 tain^hemselves and their famili.-s, and to the mtaery of otter want." ea \- The Ijondon correspondent of the Age vita, f The news that tbe negotiations Legidative Council and the Assembly of i have proved abortive has taken no penes bt ' prise who knew anything of tbe tone and il!"' of the wealthy lower orders in Victoria. Tbr* ; sure proposed by Mr Berry would lie very nJ!?' in England if it were not for the plebiscite^— 11 : anticipate that -tho commissioners, who are™, to he now opon the road from Melbosme.2 1 ! everf vfith that addition, find that their • much easier, than is anticipated by the Otmu?' : ta'Vletbria. i --TheT»ItoJaI Office a wesiyjn iaordinate pretensions c# tbe Legislative CtsiJ? - _aad so is. the HouseofXords^and I shoddier -at all anprised if, after consultation with to~ ! Premier, a measure to clip the wings and cinbtk. arraBarttBrtBBMW of Coancil va, ff duced nto ibe ohamber. which is said to be n ' most, eanaervative inChristeaSoiD by the cm|, ! : Under-8ecrrtary of State tor-the Colonie£ r^l ' -Cadogut'" . """.J^, The (Mies amongst fhe ii*u engaged by ti^ Bailway Bepartmeht loading site was prattwiu terminated (sajca. the Aye) on Mbnday. ^dra 1 tisemcnts appeared in the morning pflpen ' ; npon men lor the wptt, bnt as the- nambeTvbS responded warbutimajp, the overaeer, Mr KeUt dld not pnt them on, bnt asked the other mea i what pay tbg^wouM so on again. HhcanZ mEnded Is per hour, and that the men diaanuj should "be ^etcntotsd. "Twenty-four nan toTT. to wane, and otaa* WiO lie employed as son „ further arrangements are made to pnnda wort for them. The-. fhmcJly Expresw regrets to learn tlst througiost tbe district tbe fanners are eomnW ing of the nnproductive yields, in theLo^^ r' district ^iereare-eeveralftfttidrcks so poorthat ti» strippera have knocked oCTwork, aa low as-half a bag to the-aeze having > been obtained bytUa-iincess. In BBe ol trnrmttaeet as little has benroh. tained arMoijiiy's Creek, although here somahantanied out better, as mad sis 12 bushels to-th? acre has been obtained, while the average viQ.D0t be more than T^cr 8- feashtla,shrivelled gtain»nd rast being-tbesanae offtihire. Intelligence (says ihm was received!ic , IMhonnie by cable »n Monday tbat at the meitiiB of the proprietors of the Union Bank of Austrdnheld in liondon-on-tbe'ISth instant, a dividend wis declared at the rate, of 16: per cent, per annum for ^Hfc-haM-j^ uadiag- SlstrPeoember, 1878. aocoo waa added to-tba xmare fnnd, and £7465 catriej over to next account! •' - The Public tibrary etatistica fcr tbe year IStj- I'aaya the that the visitora to tbe- National Gallery daring tbe year were 535 41? and the -visitora -to the-libraiy 256,400. The num ber of publications -received -under the Copyright Act amounted to 379: Tbe donations received from America .wen 217; Asia, 438; Australssii 1 4848 -, and Eoropa, Uggt-vskisg a totalof eui It-may he added that this centre roomof the libra? waa opened The number of readersia ' 1877 .were 284)65% ' The institution containibooks, 80,878;. pampBlets, 16,236; total, 96 609 Pictures, 80; works kMnarU^ 24; casts of ststaa. &V166; total, 2T0.< Tfe total cost has been as follow!:—Building* £111,603 16s 9d; boob, £69,871 lis 3i; totali £181,478 8s. Picture!. £13,700; worfcrfn'marbte, £5600; casts of statues, :&C;, £9000; total, £21(300. Judge Bjndon, although recovering, is forbidden fsaya tbe Arffue) by hia medieal adviser to nstune duty on tbe 1st Bebruaxy, as ha would otherviie have to do, so the Govanment will have to consider very shortly the -gnastion of appointing t deputy for the intdlanS district.. The various-trade .aocistiea continue (says tie Age) to express '^helrrapproval of the action of tbe GovemmL-nt .in appointing -Mr "William Murplij-, tbe secretary, of the Trades' flail committee, one of the International Exhibition Commissioners. On Monday night that action was endorred by tbe Bricklayers' Society aad the Curriera' Society. Mr Ford. tbe secretary of -the-Sooth Melbourne Building Society, who disappeared about two vein ago, and who left' tiefalcationato tbe amonnt of about £500, haabeeo '(says the Telegraph) at Uu traced by the detectivea to Brisbane; but in consequence of a disinclination on the part of the society to prosecute, the warrant'has been oncelled. Hia fidelityinsurance waa drawn by the society some time ago. A melancholy and fatal accident happened on Monday evening (says an Age telegram) on the neat Colac, to Mr fieorgeSmith, a shire contra star. He was riding on a dray rhich bad a load of fifteenhundredweight when hit Jut -blew off. He did not stop the boiW, bnt eon!inu?i on at a. milking pace, and in getting tavata missed bis hold and Tell, the wheel passing ovexbis chest, completely crashing ft in and bresbne many ribs., .One' hand was .also' very crushed, hia jawbone broken, and otherwise b waa much injured. The unfortunate man vu immediately picked up by tbe men who were n&h; him, and he was conveyed to Colac, -where 1): Foster attended to him, but he lived only tvo boars. ... The reserved lands -wiiicb Mr Ijongmart bst determined to throw open for selection ia the district extending from Wodanga nearly to the mouth of the Ovens river,and also in Belhanga, will be surveyed and cot up into lots .(says the 4rjvs) before anyone will bp allowed.tago apon them Indiscriminate pegging has been found very Inconvenient. In future surveys will faamade before selection, ao that people can only apply for -one allotment, and they muat put tbe "pegs in st the jeomers. .The work of surveying the land in question has beea undertaken by Mr Black ani Mr Nixon. . The'town derkVofBce, Carisbrook^saysan Agt telegram) waa broken open on Saturday mghc. The door was wrenched open with a crowbar, and tio brasses were knocked off fhe aafe in an uneac* ceaaful attempt-to "open it.- Thetifflce was ran- 'sacked, but the only property s tolen was 12s worth of postage stamps. The- crowbar was left on the 