VICTORIAS LATEST VICTORY.' ? PROLOGUE. BOLD Harry Boyle, of Jolimont, By wood and leather swore The laurels of Victoria Should blossom green once more, By wood and leather swore it On one eventful day ; And bade each one of all his crew, East, and South, and Melbourne too, His level best to play. THE FIRST DAY'S PLAT. A. P. LUCAS and Hornby like a thousand of bricks Came down on the leather, and defended their sticks With such cunning and skill, that o'er "eighty" was told On the *board*by the *scorer*'fore *Hornby*was bowled. * With the freshness of daisies, the change bgwlers tried The Yorkshire professional bats to divide; Like the daisies all faded when summer is bare, As the tens mounted up, they began to despair. For the willow of Ulyett was smiting them sore, And Emmett was hitting them often for four; Till Horan to bowl the crack bat did contrive, The score, over two hundred; the wickets, but five. Then Royle began scoring unusually fast, And Emmett stayed in till " two-sixty " was passed ; And Absolom came, without hat to be roasted, And stayed till midst cheers the "three hundred" was posted. But Gooper at last wrought a change queer to see, He pitched them "full tosses," and Blackham stumped three; And the last man, in trying bold " Harry " to drive, In the same way was "nobbled"—score, "three-twenty-five." And as the day closed it looked awfully blue, When the "gumsuckers" lost their first wicket for two ; Fait Victoria feared that a hoUow defeat Was awaiting her champions ; while ' Sydney" did greet Her despondence by saying, "When they beat us, you know, "Fair sister, you haven't the ghost of a show." THE SECOND BAY'S PLAT. The next two wickets fell so fast That Victoria stood aghast; But Horan set to with a will, And with Fred Baker from " the Hill," Did make a stand. Then Campbell came and followed suit; Although the balls would bump and shoot, He freely played, creating sport ; At " eighty," though, was Baker caught By Emmett's hand. Then Alexander next came in, And played his very best to win ; And pulled, before he lost Ids sticks, The score right up to " one-three-six "— A splendid stand. The next man was the Captain, Boyle— Alas 1 too quickly caught by Royle ; His luck was out—Victoria's pet, Swart Blackham, came and soon got "set," In manner grand. The " tens " went up, the people cheered— " Hundred-and-seventy " appeared Upon the board ; but Ulyett then Caught Campbell out, and once again Brought down the stand. Then Major came unto the fore, And he and Blackham raised the score To o'er " two hundred ; " then in front He put his leg, and bore the brunt— You understand.. Nine wickets at this time had gone, While to prevent a " follow on" Some forty runs were wanting still, When Moule came forth with best of will, To make the stand. The twain did bat with utmost care, And broke the bowling. Then and there A light upon Lord Harris shone, And he at once put Hornby on With underhand. But still they scored —loud rang the cheers, As Blackham banished people's fears By one grand hit—and thereupon Was saved the dreaded" follow on," In manner grand. They faster scored 'neath sinking sun, Till the score reached "two-sixty-one Then Blackham was run out—Alas ! That such mishap should chance to pass, To break that stand. The English wickets fell so fast, That Harry Boyle saw hope at last— With three cracks out for fifty-nine, Victoria couldn't well repine ; But victory planned. THE THIRD DAY'S PLAY. First Boyle lured Webb to hit him, And Campbell made a catch— And then by bowling Ulyett Alexander saved the match. And Emmett then was run out, And Absolom was bowled By the plucky Alexander. Who's worth his weight in gold. Then Schultz was had by Allan With the yorker that we know Took many a batsman's wicket Not so many years ago. And resistless Alexander Found the spot to settle Royle ; And Hone, who played so well and made A stand, was bowled by Boyle. They had not scored " two hundred " By some " twenty-nine " or so. " ' Two-thirty-six' to win," said Boyle, " I think we've got a show." The first three wickets quickly fell For only " forty-two But Horan stepped into the breach, And showed what he could do. And Campbell too, right merrily Did wield the bat that day, Till Emmett got amongst his stumps In his peculiar way. Still ninety runs had added been, Since the last wicket fell; And things looked bright as Baker came, But ill-luck him befell. Then hark ! the cry is " Blackham," And loud the people cheered, As the keeper of the wickets With the willow next appeared. But a Nemesis o'ertook him, And his stay was sadly short; For the keeper of the wickets, Was at the wickets caught. Then it looked bad for Victoria — "Six for one-forty, odd But Harry Boyle, the captain, Upon the turf next trod. And Horan gaily with him Very soon scored thirty more ; And did resign for sixty-nine, To Absolom, leg before. THE FOURTH DAY'S PLAY. Three wickets had yet to go down, There were fifty-eight runs wanting still, To be gotten by bold Harry Boyle, And Major from Emerald Hill, With Allan and Cooper to follow ; It was thought a toss-up," I declare ; But Major and Boyle played like prions, And we won with two wickets to spare. AFTERMATH, A health unto the noble game " our boys " so well otto, play, A health to all Victorians who played for us that day % Now let there be astonishment expressed in all the tales Of the critics sold, and sporting cits of pleasant Newifbutli Wales. And then, Victoria, be glad, thy boys have proved unaided, Thy vigour only slumbered, and thy laurels are unfaded. Though beaten oft by Sydney in the last few years we've been, Fair Victoria, now, thy laurels are more than ever green. Hurrah ! hurrah 3 our latest match did expectation foil, Hurrah ! for " our Eleven/" and the Captain, " Bany Boyle." 