GOLD COUNTRY. I TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. | Sir-Your people usually decipher my cramped hieroglyphics better, than I could hope or expect. Occasionally, however, an error crept in which, so long as it does not materially mar the meaning of a sentence, may be allowed to pass. In this morning's issue There are one or two mistakes which as they may mislead, I will ask you to give ma>space,tou,oorreot. The words (no place' should the, 'inform, places.,", 16 would, then read I will briefly indicate a few places where gold has been found," etc etc. Few places in a gold country can be called " fraud" in the ordinary application of the word, until they are proved to be rich, and then they become very "fine places" indeed to the fortunate finder. i Again in speaking of the Piper's River, it should be afowimiles above, not along its mouth those who know the eastern bank of the Piper at its mouth would laugh at the idea of finding gold there You must pass up beyond the Bullock Hill" cross Piper's Brook, and then keeping to the right, you will come into a country where, if geology cannot mislead,- there should be gold harp too. Cropping out on the river's bank is the best slate I have seen. , How busy memory loves to go back into the past, and live again amid scones, and incidents that were pleasant or amusing in their time of acting. i Speaking of Piper's Brook, takes me back to the good time, more than 40 years ago, when with my friend - that' fine old English' gentleman, Mr. Gough, long since dead wo used to have rare sport wallaby shooting; they were as thick there then' as rabbits now in the most favoured spots. Mr. G. had two beautiful King Charles spaniels. We would take our stand on a log in an open space in the scrub, or near a fallen tree which made a natural bridge over the creek, and then setting the eager little 'dogs-to work the thickets, which they did with much noisy delight, it was not at all unusual to got from ten to a dozen, without moving. The game, escaping from a food which could not harm them in such a place, rail within range of our deadly guns, and so to speak into the jaws of death, i Thenthol'iper reminds me of the amusing incident which, occurred there one night, many years ago. My brothers, with two or three servants, were driving flock of sheep to Cape Portland, where we had a run, and they had camped for the night on the banks of the Piper ; one of the men, besides being a most faithful fellow, could spin a tough yarn, sing a good song, and and was in fact a capital bush companion ; but he was most credulous and superstitions, firmly believing in all kinds of ghost lore and witchcraft. The sheep properly secured, and supper over, a fire was it close to the stream, and lined produced, for a trial of luck at black fishing. The dark forest, the flickering firelight, the deep hush of night, were certainly we inspiring, and "Jack" no doubt had more than once glowered round,"foarfulof "bogies," The fishing went on quietly with little success, until at last "Jack" announced in ahoarsostago whisper, " My word I have got one at last, and a rum 'un too." 1 Then began a struggle between the man at the end of the rod and something decidedly heavy, and again at the end of the line ; the water bubbled and splashed in a mysterious way. "Jack" becom- ing excited, pulled with might and main, and there emerged from out the Mad; water into the strong fire light, oh a heavens, what? a thing, all logs and horns,' weird, horrid, and such at no luck- less fisherman had ever caught the like before, " Jnok"ovidontIy imagined he had got a waterspouts, a river demon, or it might be the veritable " Old Nick" himself. With a loud " my God," and a wild yell, he dropped the rod and with eyeballs dilated sprang into the bush, his hat fell off in the light, no doubt lifted from his head by the operation of his knotted and combined locks" springing on end " like quills upon the fretful porcupine." That there was much laughter you may well imagine, and it was sometime before "Jack" could be induced to come back to the fire. It was then found that the cause of his alarm was a fine lobster which in endeavouring to steal the bait had got the hook fastened into one of bad laws, and becoming hope; lessly entangled in the line, and fallen a victim to his love of night prowling and petty larceny. You would not care that I should to people the whole bush of the colony with such incidents as these, and yet with leisure to recall it, there are few places but hear some such history. Yours, Sir, very truly, ' ' ' RAMBLES. Hobart Town, January, 6, 1876. 