' THE siEIGH DfiiyE. BY. EBKA. ' TKAIJBIATEbrOETHEfeVDirEYJIAIL. ' (From the Polito.)' ' Christmas was 'at hamL A fertile east Galiciau plain that a few months .before: had presented iq the eye s sea of com, .was now covered with a mantle of snow. The'villages, "BURbimded by high wills of snow", ' looked fike7 -winter fortificatiO&s.; \- Here and there there might be seen a solitary mansion house, covered with LrhrhtenlonW icieleR lu the Eaisertitrasse, which led through the lmid to toe eastj 'lay the low thatchto cottages bf toe' Kamients prbperiy: Along avtoiue led : to the mansuBi. > The -high -poplars , being leafless, stood out like giant brooms against ' the sky, and .were peopled, by numerous Crows "thebungry sparrowssat despohefihiriy ion tire-hedges." "Iflb 'tiiaiiiMiii-hoaBe itself, Blmhighritosftdbuildiflg, wssdestitutebf arohiteotoral ibeauty— itiJsy fwrfectiy free iMOs r-«S nr, conoos passer-by baa only to lbtoto attKi''wihdbw' -ah; the ground floor, and tomnflewobld. see in toe servants' ball, toe,wiBlls,4uift: over , with pictures, treating of sacred , subjects. .The servants, mostly chid in' the 'pretiy .ftussia-imhbr costume, -sitting together'; the coachman and valet flt cards, and the old nurse Of the present mis- JtiresltoUui Jbeieaqg wflmed. of Twardoski toe jMuromanoBr, . the Ftost' of Poland. .. He ' who wpufit te at the trouble of climbing one b&tiie; hightroM Jn front'tff the whitewashed mamnbu, floutoStotoronghtoewrilditpaDes . the mistcais.- iat Jt am ieirte She --sat by the qraekfing wqod fix to:, fori resting on an infineqse fceaSkin, Wflile the read a hook, "mnoh tlib tebrae for wear. It was ihonght in- bbudrivable tosit one bom to the full enjoy ment, of Me -one, who nafrualk: shone in socftty, ,aM was./morroyer/hardly twenty- four, years ofage, should prefer a monotonous -tohntry .life to all toe gaV pleasurea bf toe toton /4»acriing toqi' toat Aldoha was a hjjriintelleotnal and beautiful woman. / toero/mfl.fow: dtoiaek oflair, jtojtirmjfigorfl enveloped. 4 m a black , velvet vmtiuffiWug'X that ramii uistdikatic -inahriiSL fl&exmdribriy; Bfamdhhadadlirned -adto'linnsineralde Uato :plrita,' 'tob lbbked iOre a datotied queeiwhsniisheAgoddrea. mfttresa,»libwrimr;4wa8 so;en- terWlMLiaSierxJrooki: toat.toe- neflber. heard eil'i .L„ai , Jsjigauuivj. ' u.,. Srewoodi,Lhe chirping, pf toeoriokeflhorths foofotoppflto? gtotieman; jurieatitiM. . ...fie; wa«:„#;#8an jSo pBifectiy . suited to the ; bearihfal;;,womaa: who inclined there hefons.him«.riMl(if he. had been made jor her. dtifi, heyfae n gX ;he9dW8ne, tior.fladhe:that srutocratic boaring. toatieo distinguished -wv; but, flis appranoe, Oikeflis manner, was ritotos6amp.;jrhjcb .constitutes real end .r-e nobiluy. tn ;iuteflectiul free . mind »Jriig with ssioflexibls chsiwcter, Igor Maniearo. a pateiciaa xraiKi-iaie Prighjoutotod, was of. middleflritoflllrat so ftrpng and Widl proportioned wasfleT toat he .iooked. just toe t⁢: toing-. not-. cliimiy, nor yet too taft Yn. fcA. aigh .Lomto-noae, round firm chin. - and .severely bftto yebrows.could.not .conceal the gogdjatoro aod beneyolenoe of his. whole beuig. Uis;!srre Clrar eyes spsiiled with .saimafaoo,. and when - he spoke, hu charm of voice... wa&lJtresstiIfle...-.3An; bppoueut iii <S«itoVOtsy bad1 little , chance. With him, bin arguments jLnd.Axplanations were wLways so odr OVtoing/ began he„ after he had rarded;toe fleautifol creature with svm- Athy, -vi:, ,-. : i \- ;;Ah.! jyofliare. there Igor 1' , ehe;stammered .out. with ;.caufusion, and hiding, the bookin fter pecket, . .dShe rose, cameforwarcl, andput her. smaJIflaud intohis. . . ;v. Iflavedisturbed joa,Ifoar,";eaid:!gor ; ; forgiyo ipeL To jedepn rqy. fault I .will sit down, in thstcorner,tflerE, and amusejnyself with Nero till you have finished reading.' ..Nero.vraS a forge black cat thafl until now, had, unobserved by,it8 mistress,beenJying at herfeetenjoyingtbewaanthoftiie fire; but awakmied fly , Igor's friendly. :.vok»,.itoe efretofledher limfie and purxinglyapprosohed the visitor. . - . - . , ' My reading,' said Aldona ; f I . have not been; really rradieg. ' ,Jgor lautbcL , '. Yba atlea8tjgive.me,onejsatisfactionjitkatlhad Aritoer oxpocted nor iexactfldtlmefiied ie. Somyllecturre.: flava-boEoe-fruit aftmr-all < Uerteflily xotsstol ,xead, finztfrd Jkmfcroibot you-, are. flaw wshamrd of: doing aoA-irtSaio d.«,' ,:aaked,Aflkin..,; 'Tha potiret of ypuijackottoatiseems: quite proud .oh toe iSreuqfl novel judgiug .from.toe curious-way U1 wuiui AU u oircuou UUIf. "Him 'gTlfim thift heitapped. gentiy, jju. toe.flook which. ; Aldopa fladjhgBn.fliding frnmiim.;" .i .'-You ra, ujda taken,' said toe. petulantly. J. M opt rifon -mistaken,; . exclaimed lgar. > When 1 do mtoe an aasertian toereitis, to. Itoy. ,Showme to.e.bookwillyba,?' Tfle beautifid woman tumtofler flackin a WfltotiWmer.tot Jteigratigtiaw d£iCftnit jiUtofitoLGtiriukfi r. L-.-i-i/ ,'i Yp n are iuowrigiWe , s ldona J'/Andyou, ?ou are—', efle did not . finish . her jsvitevn. \- Pardon m'e,;toi.fle, after, hip fladgixen.hack the, novo,', ' flpfe L.mytdlinsrily.jitdge of BtopieJiy the bks.tfley.rradvmKi/rthink , with; right>-toaa.by,tiiei£.faaes and atyje jot rireas,. as „ IB ,geherafly done. ilHosr, .iince .1 haycjtekon, it.antQ.myubead.to tore ypflms tohle.pstitoVX muati fromtimeto twm, co!isilice;InyBelf of theresultsbLmy iuoacfrptito— ifi your..caseIto, look after jyoor .readiag" jBitob beat toiog to,be dtmKlr, tdkho 4PVByog,to«rigfat tohtrost ma like toOd?' . tokiWm%.Wlthdall.tofiJe verity, she had at herporomwri. , . 0--: . - nunsoi sir : to tell yun the truffl. : eyeu jflto«hdt annb/mtoanatf riliei, Igor: fjtr; aj.moiiieto JpBmg hisself/ppeaessian ;Jfle jdeepoymputhy fihst d.foel off you, tod your fate,:for.your better .seUeWbicheW.teoftoedreaiaofampderu education, and a purposeless Auperficiallife, . you flaye,ina way»J5eqwcined frne ,te,orI am uiistoken? Oqly, toll toe. that: you are flamy and contented/with the trifiing thingsnf ttie WhridjtflatLsye.bigh .eoqndwgJiamBsven toemjn oBder/to. cpver. toeir (VEryifiimsineBS ; ftudlj wih-he silent.". , . .... .- u.- .d i,.v. .. /-You know very, well, Igor, flow tbe great ,w«sld, veith. itSiroundoLemptyqikaamea, disgustBjine,' esid Aldons, WithoBt lotoing at/him, but ' what does lift .-givsnsthat we shonld.be so impressed withits.. value J' ... Hou't. complain, to me of life ; every one has his toarean it-; just in -goportion as he deserves it; just in proportion as he governs his unreasonable desires, ' replied Igor. "Hot Oun which, we/attain,- not that whioh we al- readyposaeae, makesxraxeally happy. 39bcan only find ratirfartionxn bieiag aa uraafiap for thr'Tr>-i'-h"ni-tcfTmtiTriifirrmfmfiwmi- Most men strive for woolly. -possessions as long as the.breath.isin them. -Yon; Aldona. have jdl thatthe world ran give to make yon luqipy, and« yet, all jonly .tires ryomuiyour riches. actually iampet yonr every pleasure, xor a loixuue .umucoines so ns Dyinnentance, .that, we -iave.;jiot. made ouraelvea,. -is. no .blessings... 1 indenstandtoie. perfectly. aiui -therefore, do mot reproach you forydur ensut in this respect ; lam only: astonished that a woman, endowed- toto. intellectual gift. A., "never considered thafathere i«l»mwtl.mg»nsT ,w<JFthy;t,:®i5:.htoPBraonal PW.Fthat she never ior thftir daily, reft- wiio .HftFe to %ktibr /StoWMljdJbjrJbto Very Tpovty.Lrqm unjertakiug , higher duties. You, wnqiivenoxare qu. your own . aqepunt, qughtjto bin worj.fqr othera, .fifl.shp eveiy .rotHtet imfhem. ..Sri: .before yourself, jlret, aamall object, and then .ypur dfifae?,.sfriye,. tight , hniyqly. atoypu toll soonjoayef or your guest, wflatyoqflave flitoeto.royouLuxniyEpndfOTiuvaia— A8«S3W-» 'ife ttoto totoidRWn.® room, tnea.torowinghersafintoan easy chair. asksd>? i"W£31 Iwhrii |un, 1 ;to. d.shail ."I begin by InMSring. rioo?3. to toe road side, ormust T act M/ahhritieaa to tbeparish?;, ' , ,LUieaUw\otayqletdaprolsral2e,.whosit sighing before their mirrorl you haye recouiae to joki7vrben. toe ..realities ri life ajeiput if, ,wben lvriag.Mitc toe.peopithiae 3s Vytod.a wto-wdesde, Stfsi, smtors,tod »uties, imdjvlfiseroaWg consfttedct wqrthless noyeJa, thete ladies with their own hapd, have bwinjtd instrpct toe peasiflit, topi&?n/®iere: King £0 sc&dl; of doctors, they . attend the ynnrersities in order" to study .medicine,' and qualify tjiqin- selvea.to.underialte toechuri.tbesauitiiiy institutions in "£)ie, low-ljaMjiis oi the country: T do not taft of fllKhlB a n of soins- toingfleeoti .fftmrthingniariflydCniiiitetnin in all reBpedaj b it sbe in xt qomeffiu . nsriul— sometb ijg'deaerriiig.M consideration —apart from theflutire ofa mother, otawiie —dutiei: - our .i.irainto',(ttten" ignore. Ganyou imagine.a morebeautitnlcallmgfar ABA lit«"rnn»i»llf fKan ffiat rtf nlimnman 'comforter, andtracher to this lower (passes?' ' So ypu want to make, a female student bf me. at any",; price?' lsughingly said, the ypuug totod, : .while she, ;.wfifl,:iuimitable tang-frvvl lit a cigarette. 'nitoe>'MjSMLjqr, 'bnt if urewegtotoiito ci3usn-we,oiuqdveamust "throutotoe mist thit tL'iourflitibri. To cure "others, .we should be inflealth our- , selves afloye. to, , X would nroeyounotto I . wouja .sdrrimiitter. eome.ol tiud3qreet medSnnewtofllpve.' .. T \- $ rBiiiP. cried he. "ll. remain fly SJiiW'SujaaL.. Aldona. Tcan new Hear a wordabogipre doe®.? ffltarHow .interesting , a man , is to me, themto«tohe jnhnabloyeai me, b&becooiei; -.Tito %ujd fee,A; fljaqptom jftypuraldo to me. c 5 -. How so?' . ; , '"Wjft nayr, , gracious totoJa®! Yto. Trill flsgin to tove jpara as .soon raXaay-that I love you. /Aldona hushed merrily. " to Igor?' toKftdXgmr. inconsistenias may sound. Lfove jou in spite .ofyoor semsm » .toSwfl. I foveyquAeVaouwt vtuaSL' becoming; raraestj - lbut yqa , are .rather bearish; such., flings toould only booudto man wps atherieet. "., justasibEuraastimrestBaulshB. . . offended dignity— silently bowed, and left the . room. .. \- - Aldoria sprang" from her seat, she" nvolntarily showed an inclination to detain her offended friend, but the words died on her lips, and the half held oat .hand to him hnng apathetically down. The beautifnl life- ' wearied woman stood for a '.time lost in thought ; then She began to pace the room m an impatient and excited-manner. Suddenly she stamped her foot, and: rang - the bal - . violently. Her maid appeared at once. Aldona in a few commanding words ordered » her sleigh and ' furs. Her servants wove accustomed to prompt obedience;' so that m a very short time the lady's maid ami pan ceil that the sleigh was before the -door. Toe mistress hastily putting on her furs, hnrrien down stairs. j < 1 shall drive out alone,' said Bhe gloomily \- — got into the sleigh, took tire donblc- ensbioned seat, arranged the rags and skins, then seized the reins. " i But my lady, '- began the 'old -coachman, scratching bis head in his confusion, ' yop , certainly should not drive out alone.' I Be quiet — no. more,' cried Aldona. j - " But, persisted the old servant, the country's at present -hill of wolves andcths wildanima's, driven down from the moantahis by. hunger.' Aldona looked at him for a moment, then desired him to fetch herpistom \- which she now resolved to take with her. . I ; \- 4 1 must tell yoo, my lady, that something - dreadful has jusi happened : a peasant woroah has been pursued by tne wolves,, andliterally ' tore to pieces by them, and this just on tub. other side of the forest ; it would be bettey for me to go with you.' . . But Aldona : wonldnot listen further to the old man. She waved her long whip over the heads of her tlm-l- horses, and the handsome -wild pair rushed on with her. , That was an extraordinary drive through what seemed a boundless ocean, and at tut same time, -depnessingly monotonous plain of enow - the white sleurfa. ornamented bv a swaira head, the fiery black horses, and the beautiful proud woman enveloped in lurs, befitting a princess. As she flew over the brook, whose murmur had long since been nil diced by a covering ot ice, the willows came in eight; their snow-covered branches hnng. down like white arms, and looked to A idona like so many ghosts -wrapped in their shrouds, who in long procession, swept through the winter night, motioning and f.hrpstening her ; but she turned away 'her head, and cracked her whip to dispel the illnginn \ . Tnc.horses snorted, their little bells tinkled louder thsn usual, and the sleigh groaned on . its way. Now they pasa a village whose roofs the enow threatens to bory ; tne smoke clmiHn ascend, and in the clear moonlight seemed changed into silvery sir ; now and \- . then the baiit of a dog might be heard, OIJ the peasant's slow monotonous hymn, at evening worship ; little nervous lights flickered in the windows, and the beavV icicles, with their diamond -like glitter, hung from the smoky beams like costly ornament .constructed by the hand of man- I Again, .deep solitnde, the silenoe of the night and of buried nature. The sleigh shot its restless -burden past a tavern half buried in the snow ; the violins sounded joyousl the bass fiddle did its part heavily, as if to tone down the exuberance of the first, the cymbal -wept. The bacchanalian -souhd seemed to invite Aldona to love, joy, pleasure. Long after she had tamed her back on them these sounds haunted her like the goblin; voices : now like children ciying, how like the jeering laugbB of condemned cools. - - j Already the forest stood on the right ; a grasp ol old oaks seemed placed there aa outposts, and as the sleigh passed these, two screaming ravens flew oil, knocking the snow, from the branches with their black wingsc They turned, and disappeared as suddenly as they had come. ., Aldona never thought of turning home ; she drove straight on without a purpose,! nrging on the horses without tne least; necessity fordoing so. She grew too warm! with this mad'ehase, opened out her furs.j and found the cold sharp air a real benefit.! All at once her horses stood still and shook with terror. On both sides appeared burning lights, fire-like eyes, and then a well known! howl struck Aldona'e ear. It was wolves.; The bold, fearless woman never for a moment lost .her courage; she lashed on the horses and. the sleign sped along swift as an now. i Butmot for long. From the long, mad race, and the terror they were under, tne poor half-: lame horses could not proceed so fast, and the' wolves encouraging each other by an occa sional howL came nearer and nearer. Aldona" saw the whole pack advancing —felt for a; moment at a loss to know what to do, and: remembering how others had acted when in; a KTrmliar position, she seized the cushions on which she was sitting, and threw them one; after the other ont of the sleigh, then the. rug which, had barn covering her feet, and! lashed on the horses with all ner might. As! each of these was thrown out the wolves stopped, threw -themselves on the -object,: smelt it, and tore it to atoms, thus giving' Aldona a temporary advantage. Now with coaxing tones, now with violent; blows she urged on the steaming horses, so' that lor a minute the ravenous monBters were lost to sight : only too soon did she hear; their, awful howl — saw again their glaring eyes. Without further reflection she took' off her costly fur cloak and threw it to her -grim followers. Once more the wolves; stopped, and again Aldona succeeded in -driving on her homes to maddening speed. The beautiful heiress now stood upright in . the sleigh, the reins in one hand, her whip in the other. She was deadly pale, but firm - as a rock. The horses were always getting more exhausted. She looked back, and saw the wolves rushing on as if to make up for; lost time. Throwing down her whip, she drew her pistols from the girdle of her velvet . dress and aimed at the first of the pack. He : was just going to make a spring. There was a shot— and the monstrous wait lay weltering in his blood. The others, made ravenous by hunger, rushed upon him and tore him in pieces. In her extremity Aldona suddenly saw in tire distance a wooden building used as a shepherd's but in summer ; she directed her despairing horses to this, but anew the wolves -tnreatened to foil her. As a last, resource she shot the weaker of her two horses, and cut the traces -with the dagger die always cured about with her. The -poor - agonized animal staggered, tried to stand upright, andsank to rise ho more ; it uttered a neart-rendiug neigh as the blood thirsty brutes, who had now come np fell upon it. Aldona could have wept over the poor dying creature of which she nad been so fond, but it was just one of those moments when one thinks of self alone— indeed can gnly think of self preservation. ' crae mercilessly lasued on the remaining horse ; it threatened to give in at every -step ; it seemed as if she were to be lost after all, and that quite near to' the place of refnge, for, just as she heard the wolves again, the poor horse, driven to death, fell to the ground. ' a ldona struck it so hard with her whip handle that the latter broke in two. Once more it was chased on; it' was hie last strength, his last effort. Before the hut he completely broke down, Aldona sprang out \- of the sleigh and ran np the ladder leading -to theloft tiUed with bay, the place occupied ' by the shepherds in summer. -She had hardly got up and thrown down -f.be ladder than tne monsters were there. \- She could hear- the .despairing nriph.Ay, fi £ her poor horse the demon -like 'bowl of the -"w«Jve&-then her sense forsook her. A loud -report -awoke fier,' rffie got up. Below eke could hear a succession oF shots ; she no longer doubted that help was at hand. In a .moment -her strength returned. She . hurried to the open door through'' which she \- had got in, ami waved her handkerchief -u si signal. --- ; " There she is, do yon eee her?" cried a -well known voice. - Torches caine -nearer,- then men s voices were "beard.'. She reccig- nised her servants as they raised ttie ladder." ' Fast; very fast did ehe come dowh 'and ' was rejoioed over by her people. As she was on the last dep. Igor stood before her; he \- covered her hand with kisses. - Not long \-- after having left Aldona he had. turned' back to the mansion "honse, and was horrified when told by the servants of Aldona'e adven turous drive. He had ordered hor servants to follow him on horseback immediately. To "- him the proud beauty "owed her salvation; the knew it at the moment she asked him no questions, ha heart was too' fall to speak. ; . Snesilentiy threw her aims round his necki -end-leant her bead against his breast. 'At last ehe found words. " iToir, 1 knbw the value of hfe, Igor," she stemmered. '" ",Ai :- yonr aide Twill begins new lifa/ybq 'ideari good, forgiving man. Here & fay hand; \- lead mfe and I/trill fallow you." : ' , . J \- ' Aldbna has-kept her wenfl. She fallows tin man who teaches her ihe linsr-yilne 1 iof "'life in oarirqjarid woihuigfor lethees/ " i \- '« ' 