§ummx. ETJBENSTEnfS PIANO PLATING. JTJD BEOWIN'S DESCSIPTION THEEEOF. 'Jud they say you heard Bubenetein play when you were in New York. Well, tell us about it.' 'What, me? I might's well tell you about the creation of the world.' 'Come, now; no mock modesty. Go ahead.' ' Well. sir. he bad the blamedest, biggest, cattycorneredest planner you ever laid eyes on. Somethia' like a dis tracted billiard table on three legs. The lii was h'isted, and mighty well it was. __ If it hadn't been, he'd a- torn the intire inside clean out, and scattered 'em to the four winds of heaven.' ' Played well, did he?' ' You bet be did ; but don't interrup' me. When be first set down he 'peared to keer mighty little 'bout play, and wisbt he hadn't come. He tweedle-leedle'd a little on the treble, and twoodle-oodle le oodle'd some on the bass j just foolin' and boxin' the thing's jaws for bein' in his way. And I says to a man sittin' next to me, s' I, what sorb of a fool playin' is that ? And he Bays * Hee'eb !' But presently his hands commenced chasin' one 'nother up and down the keys, like a passel of rats scamperin' through a garret very swift. Parts of it was sweet, though, and reminded one o£ a sugar squirrel turning the wheel of a candy cage. «? * Now,' I says to my neighbour, ' he's sbowin' cff. He thinks he'a a doin' of it, but he ain't got no idee, no plan of notbin'. If he'd play me up a tune of some kind or other, I'd — ' ' But my neighbour says ' Hee'sh !' very impertinent.1 *' I was just about to git up and go home, bein' tired of that foolishness, when I heard a little bird waking up away off in the woods, and calling sleepy-like to bis mate, and I looked up and I see Euben was be ginnin' to take some interest in bis busi ness, and I set down again. It was the peep o' day. The light come faint from the east. The breeze blowed gentle and fresh; some more birds waked up in tbe orchard, then some more in the trees near the house, and all begun singin' together. People begun to stir, and the gal opened the shutters. Just then the first beam of tbe sun fell upon, the blossoms, a little more and it techt the roses on the bushes, and the next thing it was broad day ; tbe sun fairly blazed, the birds sang like they'd split their little throats j all tbe leaves was Tnnvin' and flashin' diamons of dew. and tbe whole wide world was bright and happy as a king. Seemed to me like there was a breakfast in every house in the land, and not a sick child or a woman anywhere. It was a fine mornin'. And I says to my neighbour, 'that's music, that is.' ' But he glar'd at me like he'd like to cut my throat.' ' Presently tbe wind turned ; it begun to thicken up, and a kind of grey mist come over things ; I got low-spirited d'recfcly. Then a silver rain began to fall. I could see the drops touch the ground; some flashed up like long pearl earrings, and the rest rolled away like round rubies. It was pretty, but melancholy. Then tbe pearls gathered themselves into long strands and necklaces, and then tbey melted into thin silver streams running between golden gravels, and then the streams joined each, otber at the bottom, and madj a brook that flowed silent except that you could kinder see tlie music, 'specially when the music went along down the valley. I could smell tbe flowers in the meadow. But the sun didn't shine, nor the birds sin»; it was a foggy day, but not cold. The most curious thing was the little white angel boy, like you see in pictures, that ran. ahead of tbe music brook, and led it on, away out of tbe world, where no man ever was — I never was, certain ; I could see that just as plain as I see you. Then tbe moonlight came, without any sunset, and shone on the grave yards, where some few ghosts lifted their hands and went over tbe wall, and between tbe black sharp-top trees splendid marble houses rose up, with, fine ladies in tbe lit-up windows, and men that loved 'em, but could never get anigb 'em, and played on guitars under the trees, and made me that miserable I could a-cried, because I wanted to love somebody, I don't know who, better than the men with the guitars did. Then tbe sun went down, It got dark. The wind moaned and wept like a lost child for its dead mother, and I could a-got up then and there and preached a better sermon than any I ever listened to. There wasn't a thing in tbe world left to liv? for, not a blame thing, and yet I didn't want tbe music to stop one bit. It was happier to be miserable than to be happy without being miserable. I couldn't understand it. I hung my bead and pulled out my hand kerchief and blowed my nose loud to keep from cryin'. My eyes, is weak anyway. I didn't want anybody to be a-gazin' at me a-snivilin', and it's nobody's business what I do with my nose. It's mine. But some several glared at me, mad as Tucker. Then, all of a-sudden, old Beuben changed Ms tune. He ripped and he rar'd, lie tipped and ta'rd, he pranced and he charged like the grand entry at a circus. Peered to me that all the gas in tbe house was turned on at once, things got so bright, and I hilt up my bead, ready to look any man in the face, .and not afeared o£ nothin'. It was a circus and a brass band, and a big ball, all goin' on at tbe same time. He lit into tbem keys like a thousand o£ brick ; he giv 'em no rest day or night ; he set every liven joint. in me agoin*, and not bein* able to stand it no longer, I jumpt, sprang onto my seat, and just hollered, ' Go it,' my Eube ! ' 'Every blamed man, woman and child in the house stared at me, and shouted, ?Put Mm out! put Mm out!' 'Put your great- grand-motber's grizzly, grey, green ish, cat into tbe middle of next month I' I says, ' Tetch me if you dare ! I paid my money, and you just come a-nigh me.' ' With that some several p'iioemen run up, aud I bad to Bimmer down. Bat I would a fit any fool that laid bands on me, for I was bound to bear Ruby out or die. He had changed bis tune agin. He hopt, like ladies, and tip-toed fine from eend to een.d-of.the key board. He played soft and low and solemn. I beard tbe church bells over the hille. Tbe candles in heaven was lit one by one ; I saw tbe stars nee ; the greater organ of eternity began to play from the world's end to the world's end, and all the angels went to prayers. Then the music changed to water, full of feelin' that couldn't be thought, and began to drop, drip, drop, drip, drop, clear and sweet like tears of joy f allin' into a lake of glory. It was sweeter than that, it was as sweet as a sweetheart sweetenin' sweetness with white sugar, mixt with powdered silver and seed diamonds. It was too sweet. I tell you the audience cheered. Ruben be kinder bowed, like he wanted to say, ' Much obleeged, but Fd rather yon wouldn't interrnpt me.' . He stopped a minute or two to fetch breath. Then he got mad; he run his fingers through bis hair, he shoved up his sleeves, he opened his coat-tails a leetle further, he drag up his stool, he leaned Dyer, and, sir, he just went for that old pianner. He slapped her f aoe, he boxed her jaws, he pulled her nose, he pinched her ears and scratched her cheeks till she fairly yelled. He knocked her down and stamped on her shameful. She bellowed like a bnll, she. blea(ed like a calf, she howled likeia bound; sne^iuealea like a pig,-ebe shrieked like a rat, and then he wouldn't let her n|». He im-&\- quarter sketch down Ihe low grounds of the bass, till be got clean into the bowels of the earth,. and you beard thunder gailopin' after *hun-fe- through tbe hollows and caves of perdition1; and then be foi chased his right hanff with his left, till be got way out of tbe treble into the clouds, whar the notes were finer than the points of oambric needles, aud yon couldn't beat nothin' but tbe sbadders of 'em. And then he wouldn't let tbe old pianner go. He Tor'ard-twod, be cros't over first gentleman, eres'fc over first lady ; he balanced to pards ; be obassade right — left, back to places ; he *ll hands'd aroun' ; ladies to the right ; promenade all, iu and out, here and there, oack and fortb, up and down, perpetual motion double and twieted and tied dowr, aud turned and tacked and tangled into fortj Ieven thousand mixtery. And then be would'nt let the old pianner go. He fetcht up his right wing ; be fetcbtup hiB left wing ; tie fetcht up his centres ; be fetcht up bis re serves. He fired by files, he fired by plat oonB, by company, by regiments and by brigades. He opened bis cannon, siege guns down tbar— Napoleons here, twelve-pounders vender, bif? guns, little guns, middle-sized *anB round shot, shells, grapnels, grape, eanister, mortars, mines and magazines, every livin' battery and bomb agoin' at tbe *ame time. Tne bouse trembled, the light danced, the walls sbuk, the floor come up, tbe ceilin' come down, the sky eplit, the around rookt, heavens and earth, crea tion sweet potatoes, Moses, ninepencee, glory, tenpenny nails, my Mary Ann baiielujab, Samson in a 'Bimmons tree Jeroosal'm, Tramp Thompson in a tumble cart roodleoodleoodleoodleoodleruddle uddle - uddle - uddle - radd le - addleaddlead dle-addle- riddle - iddle - iddle - reetle-eetler eetle-eetle-eetle-eetle-p-r-rr-r-lang 1 p-r-r- r-r- langJperlanjIperlanglp-r-r-r-r.r-r.rj. . la°gWitbN(that bang! be lifted himself bodily into the air, and be come down with h.U knees, his ten fingers, his ten toes, hui elbows, and his nose, striking every single solitary peg on that pianner at tbe same time The tbiDg busted and went off into seventeen hundred and fifty-seven, five hundred and forty-two hemidemisem quavers, and I know no mo. When ll come two I were under ground about twenty foot, in a place they call Oyster Bay, treating a Yankee that I never laid eyes on before, and never expect to agin. Day was a-breakin' by tbe time I got to the St. Nich'las Hotel, and I pledge you my word I didn't know my name. The man asked me the number of my room. [ told him. * Sot muiic on the half-shell, for two!' I pointedly did.— Detroit Free Press. ? ♦ ? These lives in ? , Kentucky, a clever gentleman and an excellent lawyer as well, Judge D ? . This gentleman was intimate with an old gemleinan, Grovernor B. ? , living in an adjacent county. Governor R ? Was and is (for I believe lie is still living) what we are in tbe habit of calling an old-time Virginia gentleman of stately dignity. Well, the judge was on a visit at the old governor's bouse, and it happened that the governor took him out riding in his buo-gy, and that in passing along the turn pike they approached a toll-gate, when, the judge, taking out his purse as if to pay the toll, the governor said, in bis stately way, ' I've been a long time trying to make you a gentleman, to little purpose, I eee. You must know, sir, that when a gentleman takes a gentleman out riding, he does not expect him to pay his passage.' The judge put up bis pocket-book and said nothing. After ^a while they came to a gate on the governor s place, when the governor stopped tbe buggy for the young judge to get out and open the gate ; but the judge sat still, and waa silent. After a while, still waiting, the governor said, %Ahem.i ahem!' waiting for the judge to move, and then again, 'Ahem bahem !' After a good long pause, the judge said, ' Governor B, ? , you must know, sir, that when a gentleman takes a gentleman out to ride, Ae doesn't expect hint to work his passage ;' and there the judge had him sure — don't you think so. — Harper s. TTt^btj- are two matters of a theological nature, one from Texas, the other from Ireland, which illustrate phases of beliet ^s to the ultimate destination of tbe parties to the dialogues. The first is of two old Texas rangers who had just helped bury a neigh bour, and were talking about religion, and one asked the other bow pious be thought it was possible for a man to get in. this world, if he were in real earnest. _ *-? Wa'al,' said the other, reflectively, A think ef a man gets so 't he can swop s eers or trade hosses without lyin% 'at be d better pull out for the better laud afore he has » relapse.' , The nezt is of an Irish labourer who was lying in a ditch, very much the worse for liquor. He was encountered by the pneBt of his parish. Very much shocked, -his reverence turned the drunkard orer, 'Who muttered, ' Where am If' . , ' On the road to hell,' replied the priest, 8 « I thought so,' said Pat, ' when I heard Father Murtagh's voice on the road too. 