TEE ROMXtIS P.STORALS. Ox Tuesday evening thie Rev. Dr. Kelynack, of Sydney, lectured at the Protestant rall, to a erowddl audience, upon "The Reomish Pastorals." The rev. lecturer had the ERatis faction throughout of being listened to by not only en interested, but, a highly apprecia tive and discriminating audience who manifested their appreciation of the salient features of his remarks by numerous outbursts of applause. The Rev. J. B. VWaterhouse occupled the chair; being supported on the platform by the Revs. I. iRogers, - Duesbury, T. A. Gordon, Dr. Richard Harris, and others. The lecturer in opening his address, re marked that the whole question and subject of the Pastorals had become, as it were, to the public ear familiar to nauseation. fe could not help expressing his satisfaction that they, as Protestants, had such a good antagonist to deal with as the author of the Eastorals. Reviewing the tenor of the attacks contained in them, he remarked upon the slur of weak Protestantism that had been cast on the .' b assle.y th ? ..er_? -n_,.onts had b(1 een ees lea nytb hard.to-understand logic of grossly distorted facts and arguments. He proceeded to en large in an eloquent manner on the claims of Rome upon the rights of freedom and individual freedom of opinion. What the liberty of the subject meant in the vocabulary of Rome was plainly shown by the conduct of the Romish Church towards the brave old man, who had come among them to expose the fallacies and the errors of the Romish Church. The Romanists had not dared to attempt a refutation of his arguments, but had met him merely with a logic of bluestone at Parramatta, a logic of quartz at Ballarat, and lastly, a logic of sabillelahs at Hobartown; and the only fair chance for argument hitherto offered, was that afforded on the platform by the noble aetress, Mi s Joey Gougenheim. The so called liberty of action boasted of h'td been further exemplified in the now celebrated case of denial of Christian burialatBsthurst, For one, he was profoundly thankful to Archbishop Vaughan and his fellow-bishops for their frank exposition of their views upon the church and school system, affording, as it plainly did, an exposition of their further intcntiors in time to come. Briefly summed up, the Pastoral meant thus: It condemned the public school system first, because it was alleged to rest upon what was termed the vicious and base foundation of secularism. Secondly, because the character of the teaching was designated godless, and simply productive of indifferentism and infi delity. Thirdly, because of the results which flowed from it; and in words that rouse a them by their boldness, they were told that these public schools were seed plots of future immorality, and infidelity, and lawlesness. that would debase and lower the standard of human excellence in their midst, and that would corrupt the political, social, and indi vidual life of their future citizenu. And on that basis-accepting those premises-they proposed to do, what? They proposedto do that which was an invasion of the rights of the parents, an infringement of tboliberty of the franchise, and that which really amounted to a dictation of the policy of the Govern ment; and they dared to do that upon this question, which was the most fundamental and vital of all the questions that constituted the honour, the unity, and thie future well being of this great country. Thie time had come for bold speech and decisive action in answer. For all liberty- loving citizens-for all true patriots, there was, as it seemed to him, but one course and duty-and that was to stand upin the presence of this alien power with a courage and strength that would treat her threats with unwavering defiance, and by a discernment which her sophistry could not beguile, and reasoning which would answer her arguments as fire dealt with straw, and a sturdiness.of political resistance that would guard their political rights as a defence of triple steel show-oy signs that could not be mistaken--theo Arch bishop, bishops, and priests that they must respect the laws and tohe institutions of a country that were the expressicns of a free people's will, Anything less than that would be unworthy of their ancestry and their traditions. Leaving it for others to quiver before the episcopal thunderbolts, he proceeded to deal with some of the salient points of the Pastoral in tire order in which they stood. As to thie charge of. Gobdlessness, the statement was charae. terised by reckless extravagance, and was a gross perversion of truth. His answer to that bold affirmation was an equally bold and flat denial. Proceeding to examine and criticiseo the actual text of the Public School books brought under question, the rev. lec turer went on to refute ucrrtier the round charges to which allucion hard been made, by copious quotations from thIe books them selves. In the face of these extracts, ho rasked, what became of thie gross chargo of the Bishops? It broke down by its own weakness, and was a mendacious libel, for which they might fairly demand retraction and apolog y; and to the hierarcha who had uttered it, they handed it back, and said, "Gentlemen, you stand Conviatcd as utterers of bnaso coin, coin which had been tried with the test of simple truth, and been found to be worthless-only Vatican brass in thoplace of genuine gold." He questioned whether any man could propose a system, under the circumstances of the case, more equitable in its adjustment to their present position giving justice to every scot, and guarding the conscience of every child. It took care that the conscience of no child should be violated, not even the consocience of a pauper child; and yet these mitred traducers made the air ring with the cry that the system of cduis. tion was secular, godless, and reprobate. If the Catholic section cou'd but secure the vantage ground of g vernmental subsidy they would leave the foul moras of seoularism, indifferentism, and infidelity to do its own deadly work, to send out as much evil as the plagues of Egypt, and not a word of complsintm would be heard. Whatever the Pastoral was weak in, it was not weak in its statements; but its lack of logie or argument was remarlable. The evidence by which their statements were to acquiro proof appeared not to have occupied the episcopal mind in the slightest, and the holy fathers had been cqually careoless with regard to arguments likewise. The fact was that, if one looked at the charitable side of it, he must come to the conclusion that they had been accustomed so long to be blindly obeyed, and to have all that they stated re ceived with such simple, meek, and unques. tioning submis ion of their people, that they had miscalculated their position when they thought that the less docile Protestants would stand by and not demand proof of the assertions made. Was it reasonable to sup pose that the thousands of Roman Catholic parents who sent their children to the Public tlihools would be parties to such degradation as had been alleged of their children in faith and morals, or that they would stand quietly by and mark the effects of a blight that was falling on our educational system, without sounding an alarm? Could we by any process of logic come to the conclusion that the system was as dark as it was painted? Surely there was no heresy in the multipli. cation table, no ghost of an alien creed in the English Grammar-no peril to thie Romish faith in the headlines of a copy book ! No treachery to Rome in the three Rs, It was enough to take their breath eway to be told that this goodly tree was producing fruit so rank and foul. He might answer this in his own way, but would let that pass. In passing he might say that, in his travels, he had seen some of these Catholic lambs, who lhad brcathtd a Catholic atmosphere, been fed on Catholic pastnres. been cared for by Catholic shepherds, and inspired by Catholic instincts ; and he found that many of them were as rough as goats and by no means like gentle sheep (applause and laughter); and in times of Parliamentary elections and political excitement, as fierce as wolves. They were told that schools were built with Catholic money which Catholics could not use. This was said to be so galling to eovery feeling of fair play that it must be protested against and put a stop to. The Government drew the revenue from them as citizens, not according to their religion, and disbursed it for the good of the commonwealth upon broad principles of public justice. There was a direction in which the Church of R:mo did get more than her fair share of the State money. It received for her paupers and criminals more than was fairly due by the law of proportion, and yet the Bishops were fond of the rule of three when it suited them. The Catholic Bishbops groaned anent injustice. Let it be recollected that the Church of Rome received as subsidy for Denomi national Education, £10,909 16s. 6d. and that all the other Denominations, excluding the Church of England, obtained something less than £3000. The notions of justice entertained by the hierarchy were somewhat peculiar. The Biehops said that the Catholics could not use the Public Schools, they were so galling and oppressive. On the rolls of our Public Schools there were 13,360 Roman Catholic children c sand .q9J?h Catholio Schools there were 6704. Last year the Council of Education received 179 appli cations for new publio schools. The parties making them were represented by 2118 parents and guardians, who had promisedto send their children to the schools, and the number included G01 Roman Catholics. The children pledged to attend these schools when opened numbered 6404 of all denominations, and of these 10989 were Roman Catholics. Yet it was said they could not use the PFei Schools. He would take the Bishops one step further. If they took in the districtsin which these applications were made, they had 7343 children of school age, of which number 2224 were Roman Catholics; and out of those 2224 Roman Catholics 1989 were pledged to attend the PubliaB Schools. And yet the conscience of the Catholics was opposed to the Public School system? In the face of these facts, what became of the strong statements of the Pastoral? Deal ing with the introduction and propogation of Jesuitism in the colonies, as threatened by Archbishop Vaughan, the lecturer in very elcquent terms animadve:ted upon the in fluences such an introduction would tend to exert, picturing the hypocritical and sophis tical lines of action and argument adopted by the order to bring about the compulsory adoption of the tenets held by them. In an eloquent conclusion, during which the ap plause of the audienoa was unremittent, the rev. lecturer animadverted upon the persistent desire to secure political influence evinced by the lRomish Church, and urgently called upopn true professors of the Protestant faithl to abide by the principles they had inherited,and watch the -ourse of the opposing hierarchy in Parliament withll regard to tihe Publio School system, and to guard their rightly ac quircdl liberties and privileges. A cordial vote of thanks to the lecturer was accorded. on the motion of the Rev. Er. Rogem, and the nmeeting was brought to a close by the singing of the National Anthlem. We cannot refrain from directing publio attention to an extreme annoyance which called forth general animadversion during tne progress of the above lecture. Having already drawn attention to it, we can only express a sincere hope that more thoughtful consideration may be extended for the future. Although the sacred musical programme which was being gone through in an upper portion of the :iHall was certainly connected with a praiseworthy effort, we cannot avoid the conviction that more charitable courtesy would have been evinced had attention been paid to the polite remonstrancees offered by some members of the audience who conti tuted themselves into a deputation, to explain how far the interruption was felt. 