Archbishop Taughan at St. Mary's. Hts Grace Arohbisk.p Vaughan, at St. Ksrr'e Pro-C&tnearal; last, nig ht, reviewed at great length the incidents of tne present educational discussion. There wer» not lesa than 5000 present, and the doora were blocked to a depth of US or SO feel. A number of innuentull gmtlemeri, manyof these not Catholics, were admitted tp the saietuaxy from which the address was delivered, ana among those nte:4nt were the Hon. E. A. Baker (Minister for Min-s), Mr. Alex ander Stuart (new Agent-General), Mr. Brunkor, M.L.A., Mr. Tayor.M.L.A., Mr. 0. (TCoWor, M.L.A., Very Rev, Dr. Giilett, Very Eev. Dean Sherioau, V.O., Very Eev. Dean Ken»y, Bevs. W. Taylor, James Meniari, Sh«rjda», P. Eyan, M. H. Eyan, J. Fleming, P. Dilton, Messrs. M. V; Donovan, J. J. Moore, F. Browne, James Toouoy, James Butler, T.M. Siattery, F. J. M'Carthy. and Dr. M'Donaffk. His Grace the Arthbiskop said: Since I was capable of looking out upon lllb World and watching the religious movements of my fellow-men, I tSvo Met! struck with the fact that, notwithstanding the ceittatitm #nicli envelops the great strsgele of humanity, tkcru are t**o camps and two armies ever waging war. The confusion between them is yearly gTowinc less, and Christianity and free thought, affirmation and denial, are beginning to divide the world as with a knife. l[y nind was occupied with these thoughts when I first cans to tbis colony ; ai'd in reply to an addrose presented to mi in May, 1874, hy the then rector and fellows of St. John's College, I took occasion to enlarge upon these views. I said that 'the wave of infidelity, which is upheaving, confusing, and, I may say, sickening the mind of Europe, will, doubtless^ in due course, break upon these shores ; or, to change the figure, the battle which is being waged in the old world will have to be fought out in tho new. There is only one reasonable course open to those who profess the Catholic religion. To disobey would ue a prevaricatiou. The lato Mr; Bacehoti editor of the Economist, and the great authority on the Ergliub. Constitution, though far from being a Catholic, has thrown our position into so clear a light, and has offered so reason able a justification for our believing and acting' on authority, that I shall make no apology for making obo long extract from his writings. Writing from France on the coup d'etat, he says: — ' In other times, and evem now, in out-of-the-way Spain, I suppose it may be true that the Catholic Church has been opposed to inquiry asd reasoning. But it is not so now and here, loudly from the pens of a hundred writers, from the tongues of a thousand pnlpits, in every note of thrilling- scorn and exulting derision, ehs proclaims the contrary. Be she Christ's workmen or anti christ's, she knows her work too well. ' Reason, reason, reason !' exclaims she to the philosophers of this world. ' Put in practice what you teneli if you wo.ld have others believe it. Be consistent. Do not prate to us of private judgment, when you are but yourselves repeating what you heard in the nursery— ill-mumbled remnants of a Catholic tradition. No: exemplify your command; inquire and make eeareh. Seek, and we warn you that ye will never find, do as ye will. Shut yourselves up in a room, make your mind a blank, go down (at you speak) into the dopth of your consciousness; scrutinize the mental structure: in-' quire for the elements of belief ; spend years, your best years, in the occupation, and at length, when your eyes are dim, and your brain hot, and your hands uasteady, then reckon what you have gained. See if you cannot count on your fingers the certainties you have reached; reflect which of them you doubted yesterday, which you may dis believe to-morrow ; or, rather, make haste, assume at rsm dom some essential crcdenda, write down your inevitable postulates, enumerate your necessary axioms; toil on, toil on, spin your spider's web, adore your own soul, or if you prefer it, choose some German nostrum: try an intellectual intuition, or the pure reason, or intelligible ideas, or the mesmeric clairvoyance, and when so, or somehow, you have attained your results, try them on mankind. Don't go out into the bye- ways and hedges— it is unnecessary; ring a bell, call in the servants, give them a course of lectures, cite Aristotle, review Descartes, panegyrise Plato, and see if the bonne will understand you ; it is you that say, ? Vox populi vox Dei.' You see the people reject you. Or suppose you succeed — what you call succeeding. Your books are read ; for three weeks or even a season you are the idols of the salons. Your hard words are on the lips of women; then a change comes; anew actress appears at tho Theatre Francais or the opera, and her charms eclipse your theories. Or a great catastrophe occurs; political liberty, it is said, is annihilated Il faut se faire mouchard is the observation of the scoffers. Anyhow you are forgot ten. Fifty years maybe the gestation of a philosophy, not three its life. Before long— before you go' to your grave — your six dieoiples leave you for some newer master, or set up for themselves. The poorest priest in the re motest region of the Basses Alpes, has mere power over men's souls than human cultivation. His ill-mouthed masses move women's souls — can you? Ye scoff at Jupi ter, yet ho at least was believed in; you never have been. Idol for idol, the dethroned is better than the unthroned. No, if you would reason, if you would teach, you would speculate, come to us. We have our premises ready. Years upon years before you were born, intellects whom the best of you delight to magnify, toiled to systematise the creed of ages. Years upon years after you are dead, better heads than yours will find now matter there to define, to divide, to arrange. Consider the «0 Volumes of Aquinas. Which of you desire a higher life than that:— to deduce, to sub tilise, discriminate, systematise, and decide the highest truth, and to be believed? Yet such was iis luck, his en; joyment. He was what you would be. No, No, crcditc ere. tUk. Ours is tho life of speculation. 'The cloister is the home for tho student. Philosophy is stationary. Catholi cism progressive. You call. We are heard, &c.;' So speaks each preacher, according to his ability. Aud when the dust and noise of present controversies have passed away, and, in the interior of the night, some grave historian writes out the tale of half-forgotten times, let him not forget to observe that, profoundly as the mediaeval church subdued the superstitious cravings of a painful and bar barous age, in after years she dealt more discerningly still with the feverish excitement, tho feeble vanities, and the dogmatic impatience of an over-intellectual genera tion.' Yes, we. Catholics rest upon the Supreme authority of that great intellect which has directed tho millions of our fellows in every generation ; and we con ceive it to be far more safe, for more prudent, infinitely ruora reasonable, to believe her and to abide by her en lightened wisdom regarding education, that, to follow any other light. The fashions of this world change, but she ie semper eadem. She, tho ark of our salvation, is our guide — her voice and her leadership wo follow ; to disobey would be to cast oneself into the seething ocean of endless dark ness and endless doubt. But has she spoken? Yes em phatically and unmistakably. Men may talk of Dr. Doyle nnd Dr. Murray, who lived and npoke in days of persecu tion, when Catlwlias were thankful to lie ailowod to coil their souls their own. Since those days tho great educa tion question has developed ; it is more fully understood now. Popes have spoken out, and Councils nave decreed, and the voice thrangrlieut the ChristitK com moiwealth i6 one; it tells the Catholia world that tho main instrument of tbe great Apostacy is seoularist education; it warns parents of the danger; it gives rules to priests; it tires not in impressing onnll classes, in this cFpeci&l; a»e, that the turning point of the battle with, denial rettn on the education of the young. That in the pivot. Never has the Church spoken go often, so emphati cally, or so sternly on one skiglo tubjeot as upon this one. Head the instruction of the Belgian hierarchy as approved I by Pope Leo XIII. ; peruse tin acts of the sonond Naticna Council «f Baltimore ; of tho first aid fourth Provincial Counoils of Westminster; look at the first, second, and third Provincial Councils of Quebec; the first Provincial Council of Halifax ; the Provincial Council of Sydney ; the Provincial Council of Utrecht; the Provincial douucil of Cologne ; ana tbe series of declarations and utatntes of the great Irish hierarchy, which has spoken so boldly and so apostolically on this subject. If ever th. voice of the Church Bpoke clearly, it is here ; and that sho has so spoken is ac knowledged by, and testified to, even by Anglican theologians of the hibest standing, fhe refusal of Catholics, then, to send their children to public schools is no fad, on whim-warn, er crochet, but it is an act of enlightened obedience to a higher mind and to a divine authority to resist which is to resist the voice of God Himtelf. Yon may think this superstition or madntse— atill. so It is ? anc 200,000,000 are mafif you will, and it is a m'adn«s which must bo dealt with, utd cannot be cured hy liarsh injustice and political enslavement, 'la dinbey the churcli is to prevaricate against God Himself. This is a first principle of the Catholic Church. It is Paia that I am no politieiii!, but if I were I weuld be no bishop. The fallowing- extrad from a dialogue between St. Basil acdaSomon prefe-i Modestus, will show my idea of the kiaa of politics which a Christian bishop should adopt:— ModestuB: 'No one yet ever spoke to Modestun with such freedom.' Bieilr *' Pcradveuture Modestns never yet fell in with o bishop ; or, uurely, in a liko trial you would hare heard like language Oh, prefect, in all other things we are gentle, and more humble than all men living, for each, is the coinmandmenty so as not to raise our brow, to say not against 'so great a prince,' but even against one of least account j but when God's honour is at stake we think of nothing else, looking simply to Him. x ire ana swora, Beasts 01 prey, irons to rend, th» flash, are an indulgence rather than a terror to a Christian. There fore, insult, threaten, do your worst, moke tho most of y o ur power, let the envoeror be informed of ray purpose. Me you gam not, you persuade not, to an iuplou creed ly menaces even more frightful.' The conduct of St. Jasil represents very faithfully that political school, and hat method of diplomacy which is especial to ChtUolic lishops. He is held out to them as a patten, ana upon ii« principles they mould tiie methods, and the actions o£ heir lives when in contact with, the opponents of the faith of Christ. The Catholic bishop may. not minimise or compromise the faith. Ha must lose all tMngsratber than' renponoe that. He is the light and guide of Me people , If tie fail, if he lose heart, and allows himself to bs practised on, they are thrown into a chaos of confusion. To be 6tr»ight,jClear, ana out-spoken, flra aa a rock, yet eentle ana humble, without doubt or deceit, but sreaehlne the ?unshrunken Gospel of. Christ atjill hoxaras. Son mo tatt fervida ferranti Dicta ferox, Bii ?« torrent ot Junior hostess 'Why shoul4I insult the vast majority of colonists? They lave not been insulted. I will eipW. In my .pastoral letter of September 7, wawh appeared i* all the news F-*per* Isaid: 'Dearly beloved, ettrejUie jwrrseiwss cob in ially in a Christian and masculine oharife-; do not Us. lononr the religion of confessors and nuixtyrf * inauifeBt in your lives and in jottr relations with your iion-Catholl» neighbours the spirit of the Catholic Church in hercsim utterance of truth, and her Rreatgentleness towards those who diner crou her t and if it be yonr duty to say disagree-' able things, «ay them as sweetly and UndV«»JOH oaaT It' is in this spirit 4hot -we ever lions to act,. We insist on atholios giving Their children a thoroaehTCatioJIc educa tion, because it fsxinr boanden duty to do aoTwe poiaV out the dangers to Catholics.of public schools, 'becauM w« Bhonld be prevaricating against our Bol*mn opU gations were wo any longer to hold oar peace, Here, ijossihly, we may pivo i»S to some ; but it is th« paia inflicted ty the«ood physician: whose one desire is to heal the wound. Eemrdinir the effeots of puMlc -schools on. PreteBtaat childranrf was' not our place to Weak j leased, it wonld karobeen super fluous had it been ourjnlace to do .so, «:ter*he trenchant' fashion in which Dr.fioorhouse, the Fxotaitict blehoW Melbourne, luul already spoken. His language is many degree* etronger xegoraing FrotortaifcWldren golaTto pubUo schools in Victoria than the Catholic bishou're. ft P^oUechildrenl^ing.ta^uWle rt*S?Titar South Wales. And both he and tiey, as all must well know, vere animated in eo speaking by an carncKt dcsSrd to serve the community at large. To ?W «n*oh disinterested tononcm by iHea of libel on Protestant chilorea seems as disinirennoiis thaai the bushopS for having l-eon at so much 'pains to speak ont on a raattor of such vit-.il national imiiorttede.' I^hOnVl.havaiiAairijjea that these express words, ropurii atinc tarjoea of offence. Tforilil have been receivea in the sonae in which they w«e ottered 1 Cut ttnvwere-iiinBly advantage ot the oecasjoa ot layjns'U&lgundatlon-stou;^ cdaa to understand the bishops* drift could rarfterJ etana it without any difficulty. These woros of mine #era ,jmbUshea to the world on the ISth of October last. Bow,' Jet it be borne in mind fhut the pastoral letter is addresMiJ exalusively to Cathohcs. and deals exclusively wjtlt Catholic chUdren ; secendly, let it be remembered that thai condemnation of 'secularist schools for Catholics is based u»on a chain of reasoning which s» one can iaterf eta with witheut ceasing praotically and theoreacally to be af Cfcistian; thirdly, that whatayplies te Catholic ohildren in such public schools as we have, does not »pplyin th« same way to Protestants. 60 fsr as Catholic children ar» oeuccmed, our public schools are secularist schools, pure anfl simple. Catholic children who frequent Hem, or* taug5)t no religion in them, aad receive no moral training er instruction in them. It is against our .laws for them to read the Scripture lessons, and the bishops do not EKootion the elergy vJBitin* «uch fbools. Thus the position of Catholic and Protestairt chiffitan in »«blio schools is not identical. Nor do thar bishops Biwu that the secularist schools will prodnoe their evil fruits all at onse. The bishops were legislating in the pastoral for the ftttete as much as for the present, «n4 were warning the faithful with regard to tbe logical moral remits which, in course of time, aff in America, would necessarily flow froxi schools tfituout religion. If it ha unlaivrftl or wrong for the bishops thus to apeak on a matter of public and vital Utcrest, the ocoup*tton of the church may be said to have g-one. Mr. Alexander Gordo*. in his powerful, and, 1 think I may odd, nBaiujrerable, lee ture at Waveriey the other doy, has cfHite faiily interpreted tke sense of the joint pastoral letter with' regard to the passire so strongly oomin«atSP on. He saysi— ?*' Again complaints are -not infreqoently made of the strong language in whioh the Eo-«an Catholic ^elates have condemned the public schosV system, but it i« quite forgotten that to the Eoman Catho-1 lio theory of education, which engrafts on continual acts ot tha child's school Ufe n distinctly religious chaxaoter. notliing can be more abhorrent than a plan which lanorea everything of the kind, asd ylnccB itself, therefore, in con. ticual and direct antagonism to all those instincts which tko child is taught by bis religious guides t« cultivate. And I Km hy no means propnrcd to Bay that as a matter ol hard fact fho injury of such a system as that of the public schools, when applied to the oase of a Eoman Catholic child in distinction from a Protestant chili, may not be srwh as to justify the verysstronge6t language tlmf1 has been employed. There is, indeed, no reason for the enma protest on the part of tlis Church of Eneland; but, even so, the indict ment which she is bound to prefer against tho systpm is sufficiently weighty.' Buck was my second clear exiilgn&tion; of the meanta? of the joint pactoral letter;, aua I honed that after having thus n »«cond time ia the' public prints «tph-ined.what the bishops did say, and did mean by what they Seid, ttiat they would have been allowed tfc-* privilege of being bfilioTeS Bat not tho slightest notice 1t»s token of my words. Of course it is not to be expected thai tbosa who have no honour and bo oonscieaoe,, and arc solely bent m keeping up wb'ftt appears a telling, cry, would forego their cry {or the oak« of justice. Bof men 'ffiigb name, and, ]! believe, unblemished honour, ioined the chorus ; and one of ihtui, a member of la*. Upper House, so far forgot himself as tuzt&tofroni; hisplaee in Parliament that the bishops declare* in their pastoral' letterthatinfidelitTwo«tauBht, imjooriility was taught, end. lawlessKess was taught in the public schools ef the colony. Mow a gentleman of standing, after all I have mifi upon thic eubjecL could zzuike that assertion, is simply bar yondmypoweroicompf6heBsion; and here again, im the; names of the bishops of this proviace, I emphatically deny; that the pastoral deolores tbat 'itfldelity is taught, im.' morality is tangbt, anfl lawlessness is taught,' in tho public schools ; aud I moreover as emphatically assert that' it never crossed the braias of any one of the bishops tor make such a stmpid statement ; nor, did nay one of tha bishops, in commenting upon the 'proof' of the pastoral letter submitted to them, sv*r «o distinctly hint that tho most distorted intellect could twiBt nny words in tknb. document into such a sense. My only way for accounting for all tbe Jitflom tulk, and not very creditabla passion, j-oured out upon that oarefully-prepared doenment, is that most probably those who talked loudest and shot widest of the mark lad never read it, but contented themselves in joining the general hue and cry, caring little what thoy soi* fo long as they mani fested their disapproval of what they took for granted was as bad as it was painted. Well, thi», of couteo, is mot c. very high order of statesmanship. Yet I do c«t believe! that those geailemen, in their calmer moments, and after* having given themselves timo to think, would do us ex deliberate injustice. I would earnestly beg of them to read tiat pastoral letter themselves, -to read it in the spirit! ia which it was vffitten, and they will not Dad aayUuBgin. it whi«h is not ia koeplsg with the general traching of th* Catholic Church and in horttrony itfthXJie doctrines which she has inculcated from the iihrt. The bishops, in pub. llsfling- it to their pe«ip!e, w-?fo fulfilling a sacred tniBt. They had no wish or intoiiUon te hurt tke feelings o£ any section of tho community. They had to m-oaoh the Gosoel aa acliterea to tftcm. As was said th* other iiigkt kr one who is Nit leader of the great Anglican oommtinit J-, ' The syllabus appeared before the pastoral. The teaching of the infallible Pops mustbc followed by the' disciple, be he lay or cleric, find the pastoral is but uh attempt to ftjip'y ?'* cirry into effect iaNcw South Wales the principles propounded by thoVoticaa.' Had the bishops iDinimiped their teaching, they wo«ld have been ont of perfect harmony with Uicf general action of their church. As to my being called a firebrand1, I will bring out my thonght by frierenoe to n splendid passage in n speech on reform by J*hn Brighta Ho says: 'These opponents of ours, many of then in' Parliaiiisst cpcnly, rnd many of them secre;ly in the Press, have chnrged us with being tho promoters of a danjer ous excitement. They say we arc the source of thn danger which threatens ; they havd absolutely the effrontery to charge , me with being the fri«»d of pubiio disorder. I ani one of the people. Surely, if there be one thing in a free coitnfrv more dear than, another, it is that anyone of the people mat epesk openly to the people. If I spoak to the people of their rights, and indicate to them tiio way to secure the*— if I speak of their danger to the monopolists of power — am I not 9 wise counsellor both to the people and their rulers? Sup.. Sose I stood at the foot of Vesuvius or Etna, mid, seeing iv amlet or a hemestcad planted on its slope, I scid t» tie dwellers in that baa let or in tnat hocesiead, 'Yen see that vapour which ascanflfl from the nurunit of that lnounfam : that vapour iupv brr.oirc ft doosp, black Gmoke^ that will ohscure th* sl:v. Y1.1; :y»* thut trickling ol leva f'om tb« orevioeB or fissures oil the side of the mountain f that trickling of lava may become a rivez of fire. Yo« he»r the muttering in the bowels of tbe mouxtais : that Bautt£riDj/ may become a bollowinir thun der, the voics of a violent oonvnlnion that may Hhoke halS a continent. You know tnat st your feet in the grave of great cities for which there is no reenrrectio*, as history tells us that dynasties Mid nristocrarics have parsed away ;?' ana their naue hasbeea known no more ftfrcvar.' If I ear this to the dwellers apon tlie slope of the mountain, and if tkere conies hereafter a catastrophe whicli mukos the world to shudder, am I responsible for that catcetrople P Did I build the mountain, or fill it with explosive* mate, rials? I merely warned tha men that were in danger. So, sew, it is not I who am stinruluting men to the violent pursuit ot their acknowledged, constitutional rights. We are merely about one lawful business, and you aro the citizens of a country that tills itself free ; yet you aro the citizens to whom iedenied' the greatest and first blessing ef the Constitution under which you Hvo. If thotrnth must be told, the Tory party ittUe turbulent party of this nation.' Yes, If the truth, must be told, the Tory party— that is to Bay, tbo Secularist part;— is the turbulent pturty of tbis naiien. I have spoken to tliepeople of their rights, andl have pointed ont to tbe Government— 1» those in.power— their danger, nntindeeaof a violent explosion, but of an unceasing, undying agitation which will continue to appeal with a thousand toBgu»» ? till justice is due to the Irish people totf their » children. Yon all know, tne world knows, what thehr, f faith is to them; it is tbe light of their eyes and tko I one leve of their hearts, entwined as it is with on undying; patriotism, whioit intensifies and vivifies the very texture of their religion. How can you expect thorn in this fees country tamely to submit to the indignity of being fined, or, as Judge Taaf sajs, robbed. Because tui-y educate their yonnff ones according to their conscience.' Anjlreepou. sible tor the deep retentment that springs up spontaneously, in the Irish heart when their faith and their civil and religious liberty ore trampled on P Did I build the moun tain, or fill it with explosive materials ? ' Those who have studied closely the history and the character of the Irish' people,' tsays Iiecky, ' can hardly fail to be stmclt with the deep respect for sincere religion in every form which they have commonly evinced. Their original conversion to Christianity was probably icconroanied bv less vio lence and bloodshed than that of any equally considerable nation in Europe, and in spite of tha fearful calamities that followed the Reformation, it ia a inemornMo tact that not a single Protestant suffered for his relipim in Ireland during all tha period ef tho Marian, persecution iu England. The treatment of Zcdell duriBg the savage outbreak of 1611, and the Act establishing liberty of conscience, passed' by the Irish Parliament Of 1C8J, in the full flush of the brief Catholic oscndMoy under James IL, exhibit very ismarkobly this aapoctol the Irish character ; audit was dieplnyedin enotliar ionu, fiearcely less vividly, during the QuaLcr- mifitions, whica began towards the cl»se 01 the Commonwealth, and con. tinuei with little intermission for two generations,' £?(-, me imploro those whs have it in their power to avert'the perseeutaos thitt is impending, ia read the history of tils, great people. Having done so, they will say to themselMS, 1 A race so generous, so forgiving, having so large a hearty a race that has had. so many sorrows, such a. natiow heart-breaking-— ott for loss of sordid gain, #?».' for conscience sake, this raae has sidfnred enoniSlt; the only people in whose history not «W : siBBle, page is stowed with the blood ot teUfkni: strife, BhaB now, in this free land, £sd i».we,' Xe^jfiv*. them peace, peace of conscience, thet iieace whiob. 1*i i wc-rlo eon give, by putting their ohildrcn on an egnaJlty; ' ?jrathotlwrs,alth»ughthi!ybeloneto, audareto be*Wo(flr j brought up in the old religion. Fine them not, ill-use fiient ?not, beuRHEe they are so tenacious of their Cutholio faith. i Admire them, love them, reveronoe them for it; asd la the j ooizuptand infidvl tendency of the age encourage ajeopls ] all you can that still olbgs to the old forma, and loffii to vorship at the old altars. But it may be urged lihnt It would, after all, be a benefit to the colony if the Cajiplio, f Wligion were gradunlly oleaied away ; end if it died out, as u9 uexomiAatiOBal schools aro. He cave; — 'IteHglfBS) iCpnviotions during the Lang oppression of the eighteentk «9nturyA»n]£ deeply into the inf ds of tie people. ?p.;th». ?upper classes tie tendcrciee of the times, the profligwoB' of public life, and the great number who went through. * Oeiniiial conversicn, in ordor to seoure an cstoxa. or. Jo enter a proioesioo, gradually lowered the theolofloaj. 'temperatuny but ii was Qthjerwise wijji tlie poor. *£hey. clung to their old faitk wiUi a conBtitncy that has never ?tfoea surpassed during generations ef the most paliinp'per cecntioM, at e- time when every earthly motive 'urged them to abandon it — when all the attraction and influence ot pro'Bperitj- andrask ana protosBienal omiuence and eojicft twn were arrayed against it. They vohuitarilr eunsorted Aieirpriesthooawitii an unwearying zeul when they were theintelvea fcunk in the rnoet alject poverty, when, tha agonies of sitr.rvatior. were coutinucllv before them. Tley mdthoirreward. The legliflator, itliaii/loiiiDp thihope ega task of crushing a relifi.n that was so cheriaheA, po»- tented himself with providing lhat those who held it should never riee to influence or wealth, and tfoetobaSl awswero at last ajrplieil ahmoBt exclusively to Oils end. Conversion to Catholicism was a craniaol effenoe, and was sometimes -punished as such, but in the dortest poriod of thd penal laws not «, few ol j-the Bcattored ProteBtffiut poor lapsed Into lattoliowm.' So far for the people; now what of jheprieste? Were they xus.de of lie tamo stubborn ttuff P. ' The seiO,' M-rx Lecky, 'with which they inalnUtaea tUertUMeualifoottheir Bocks duriair tha J,o»» period ot israepulion is beyond all pratae. Iu tlio very daita of the B«twmattoattt Ireland, Sixnocr hadc»ntra»tea,th«'neBll. fenee tot the 'idle nUn}sters-— ercatums. ot u/ corrupt ratronage-^rtio, ? havinrthe livings ot tlie country opened irifojjsieni, jrtfeRUjrpnini.-and without periL- wijl lieither tur.wy love ot-«idiBor-or seal for reljjjion, nar for all tho rb^Q tadr.aia^'-do -o^t iiXDb33&a;*vS& t6 Gffd/be dqaxyn ferth Irom' th'etr warm 'nests to loo's: out into%od's 'harreBt,' '-! jBe»tt[ owaiteth them, ana no reward or riohes is to be {found, only to draw people into thedhnrch of Borne' The '** £?'* torn zeal wao displayed by the Catholic priesthoodin jthadays o£ the Cromwellian persecution, aid dnrine all .the long period of tho?anal laws. Theirsingular freedom ftunnml scandaUJiss been admitted bj tl!c most male, ££Le™& ? he« ^P™*?**, 'rhe ??'?BUi of their principle fxwssuffioientlyShowii by their almost unanimous refund ;of theaBjnjaSion oath, and by the extreme paucity of 't^SSTA™??*1* ''P at tt time whl?n a ''88 reward .-? Jrasofjeiedfor the apestacy of a priest.' I aBk then SSIJB^ the .Bretons Irwli people Buffered enough at ?EnjElMiJutttdS!' Is it politic, js it wise to irritate them *'*** ttitone thing which thej love best, and Warding iwh^theyare so deeply sensitive P Is it worthy, is it gat.follr.to imagine that what the pressure of penal jbtaM could notelsct, conldbe effected in a free country to this nineteenth oonturyf let them have peace ani 4 *est and freedom, andeqnn.liry at last, that noble, gene . Tons people which never retaliated by religious paweeu JtieaupOB those who had so rnthlessly persecuted theim \- iLeti&e; fair sun shine upon an united, hoppii and con tented people; and if a large and powerful eJotionof the ioommunityso strongly desire such n system of educotion «te th» mother counter has adopted, why refuse eo reason, lable a demand? They -do not desire to touch your schools; they are coutcat to let you have your way iwhy«ot permit them to have theirs ? There it no oonntrr to the world eo free as Emgland. Her principles onedncaV Xio* an the admiration of all free mou. Whoa the French Government was pieparinp to persecute Catholio ednea. tionln Fiance Professor Mirart, and a host o£ leading JEngUsh BOientdflo gentlemen, prot.sted against the pro ipoBea tyranny in memorable words, which it would b« woll tor ovary maa'and woman in the colony to ponder on In Jfchis pabllo protest these gentlemen any :— ' AU the inhabi tants of this oountry, wkethor native or foreign, are free to open .e, school at thoir own expease, a*d teach, and may tissooiato together to teach ot their will and pleasure, pro Tided they do not offendagaiast public morals in tlie orfi Barreesso of that terhi. All Englishmen have the right .Jt educating their children in schools of their own choice, Mid ot supporting and making u«eof strictly donomina taonrtjchools, taunht by their own freely -ohoneu teachers. Englishmen would think tho abolition of thoir freedom Mi intolerable hardship. So scrupulous is the Kng l^i Oovtaunont m tils respect, ta« it not only abstains from interference with voluntary schools, but even make* to inch voluntary schools as will submit to pnbllo inspection, large grants, while allowing them full religione treadom. Thus any, even a small relisieus bod? ?which, lias schools of its own inspected by Government, rel BBUM fwe to appoint or remove teachers. Mid to choose bookstore njed for religious instruction. Each Buchbody also xemams free to train its own masters aud mistresBBs »n itaswa teaming sohools, while State aid is granted (in jproporfaon to the result achieved) which may amount to hall tha total cost.' In one word, sohools and traiuimr ? college* in England are asBieted bythe State on the »rin. dple oj payment by results.- It is for tkis British freSom find fair play that wo contend. The method is English an- equitable, ana it would (satisfy the Catholic body We most koep tour ohildre«, and we must not be placoa at, 'U disadvantage for «oi»B BO. And if, throufli pressure, we are obliged to choose l»e* tween, 1;ho two, we tauM not hesitate, we must on^hioh the whole question turns. They who irot hold o the ohiluren win the battle. Tkose who seouro the children secure the army of the future, and have the train ingot tho soldiors of the future. If we let our children .slip out of our hands, in a few psnera. tionsOhnstwuiity will be but the ghost, tho e-npty mockery of whatitMws. The old Paganisms will take possession of the world, intensified by modern refinement und the ?noeiof tho nineteenth ecnturyy . Tho enemy know as w«ll as ?wefcnow, that alldepoudi vipoBtheoDocardinalqiifBtioii: who has the children? The new iniquitous bill is so iramed as to sonstrain, by every artrul device, Cntholic ltrents to give over their offspring (o ihM method ' ,°.t,,tr?ulllfg Tlhicl1' finally, will rob them of all their tjithoho lnBtiKcts, ami of that preoious gift of God, iheir Catholic faith. The lowering at fees, the establish miontof grammar schools, withoutbelpto us ; tlio ruthless dettructlon of our deno«iiiiati«nal schools— in what dirco tion does vaudaliBiB point? It points clearly aa afrairer. postinone distinctdirestion, toivafdi driviBg the children of the groat Angiiean coamunion and of tho Catholic Church bodily over to the non- conformist*. What, then, is ohi paramount duty in tais mat crisis f Tfe hav. two daties to perform. What is of first, et 'most momentous imporbuuw, is to keep CitUolio children to Cntholic ocheole. At any price, o.t any saurince, do this j cost it what it will, still determine beloro the preat God of heaven thatyoB will protect those helpless eoulis fsr which our EodeeKer died. Let not our opponents get hold of one of Is lost. Next, strive all you cam for vour rights —for fair play, Bucb 8B i- found in Enirland Best not till ju&Mqo; 1b floue yon. It may not bo done to day or to-morrow, but finally it rrill bo done. Our follow. 20]0?1™. ^ °'« what wo nxe niming at-ot keeping tbe ««« Christias religion from boing poinntd, Mid from dying gradually out. They will, I feel certain of it, kind! r lielp os and help thomsolves i aad we shall evcntnallv feel that we arc living in a fn?o country, free men who aro no longer punished nn-l practiciilly fined for bringing up Cutoolie cliiloren in thoroygbly Cutholio Ecboofiij and, whilst instating in every lawful way en our full rights, let h« stand by the treat Anglican body, whose spokesman has lately dwelt with such depth of foeling, nnd in rnich a ChrisMan Bpirit, oa the Eec-?esitioE ol tbe religious eiiuca tioa oi the young. Mr. Bckuland is right. Wo shall not be found wantinjr in the clay of trial. Mark every mnn who voteepn tkat iWLh olause. Eomemher that a dty of aci:onnt Wll inevitably conio. I,i-t »s return it ni^-re bn-i Catholics to Parliament to trade on the Cotholio nnrae and riisrrnca the Catbolic ciiuiw. Ltt uo eunpurt good truo Catliolics andUUral Protcntauts, like Mr. Tooth, who will stnud np for denomioaUonal soiiools, or f«r poyacut by results. our«l»*ho Cathalic Churoh and the Church of England, who, h«ro, at all events, have a common cause— however they may otherwisu profoundly differ— caa Btand four square in strens- Ui nud uave tho Christiaa religion in tlio laad. Tharearo thousands upon tSoutando who are with ui thousands who raisn up tlieix voicos for ub in this great letrngrfe for eur Master j. and if we are only true to Him, to ourselves, and to one another, we uhnll inevitably gain all w» w«4it— equality »-ith our fellow-colonlstB, and the re monstrance of the Christian religion in this land. Now, I Sdave nearly done. I have ahowu you clearly that it was not the bishops but the seoilarist* who began this great ?wnwrtj that our grUvaace is no orot«hot, unworthy ot BympiHiy, hut ouo of prolouud«st import and fJT^f o8t o£ the fonAameatia tcnchiuK. I have proved th»ti though I do not luj-selt profess to be a politician, lam 0 Obtholic urchbishop of tho church of God, wboce policy -4b to piea-ch the f nU gospel of Christ, aad whose dililomacr consists in proaching that lime gospel, not only in «ewo«. outof eeaeon, not only in grood report but in evil report. 1 have ehowa you that the Catltolic bishops of thi» colony bays »ot idiiulted or msh to hurt tbo fcolingi) of their leUow-oolouista; but th*y woro disobarging an anxioua duty to the boat of their ability to th« flock confided to Him «are; and, finally, I havo pointed out tbe claims of tha *™» people to the gjnerosity of my countrymen, and JJBve. «Mra how bo stubborn a fnith as theirs oumot 'Jjj,*?0*** oot oi t*6 earth by any kfaid of dia BMUtieB that may be inflioted upon them. Then I rrair coated that the English eyatein Bbonld be admitted, at least for Catholics, oC payment by results. This would Sivepoaoe, and help to preserve Christianity in this land of guraSoption. How :ue you to obtain this act of justice P TMert are three things that I strongly recommend :— A juiiratsal tompernuco movement through the coloay ; for ? SI Catholio men and women kept from publichousea, thoy ''''?Id ooom see tho imperious necoseity of keeping their children from public bcIiooIb ; seoondly, that every man, woman, and ohild who is capable of doing so should go xoguurty to confession, and place theiMelves in the grace of God, forloaBsotbeUoreihat tho Haster'B blessing will bttend those v/boso consciences aro perhaps black with aortal sin; thirdly, I say join, every one of you. the education union that islieingeEtablished, or shortly will bo *fitawiiihed throughout the length and breadth ot theoolony. Union ie strength, aDd if all of you live oobor lives and havo thegroco of God in yonr hearts, and the holy tear of Him before your eyoe, aui if you are united, I will answer for it, xnimy years will not pass before the great Catholio body in this free land obtains thateioauoi Vation from political ishivery under which, at present, partly, I dare say, through our on fault, it miserably groans. I look to tbe advancement and the interests of theoelony. Ilovo tho home of my adoption, aud hope to speftd myself, and to be spent, in maintaining jn my place, and according to my rueasnre, that sentiment of universal brotherhood, that spirit of loyal freedom, and that obe dience to the Constitution amongst my people, vrhioh are tarnunta of the future prosperitT and greatness of a mat ion. The school question is of vital importance, of paramount concern, because on it turns, as on a pivot, the future des tinies of this great country. And crowning victory or abBonite defeat and oollapse will depend upon tbe answer to a simple question : Who was it that succeeded in trsttiwr lioldof the children?. 