OHA.PTEB XXXI. "®HB BIRD'S NEST." A little, lowly, hidden homo It was, Down in lano, oloso by a forost's side, Par from resort of people that did pass In travel to and fro. - SPENBEB. And she, with light and busy foot astir, In her email housewifery, the blithest bird That dver builded neat. -ANON. "'Tan Bird's Neat." That was the name of tho tiny, pretty oottago where little mum ; mam and her babies found a refuge. It was situated in Ohuioh-lane-*ft long, green, heavily shaded, deeply seoluded lane, that lay between tho thiolily-wooded reotory grounds ou the loft aide and tho tangled forest ou tho right. A high gieon hedge on eaoh side of the lane inclosed it, and tall trees, with their top bmiohoH meeting overhead, threw it into deep shado oven at noonday. This thoroughfare was so unfrequented that tho ground wns covered with grass and gommed with field flowers, almost obliterat ing tho narrow footpath that ran Along the middle of tho way. "Tho Nest," no Iho oottago was called for brevity, stood about half-way down the lane, in a little clearing of tho forest, direotly op. posite tho back hodgo of tho rectory grounds. It belonged to thp oatato of tho bachelor squire, Honeytliorn, who was an ftbsontoo on the Continent. It hud onoo been tho resi dence of bis gamekeeper, but it had boon un tenanted for many yoiu«~~in faefc, over pinoo tho now park lodge hud been built in a more convenient quarter of tho estato for tho pre servation of thogamo. Oftou, in her solitary wallm,*Not had passed along this way, and paused at tho matio gate it) the hndfio thai- separated tho oottage gas don from tho lane, and loaning ovor its low bars, had Rfi'/.od at tho aoquoatored and do sorted oot with ft eort of prophotio intoroat. She novor dreamed that it would bo hor own homo; but oho thought it would form A peaceful and pleasant dwolliug.plaoo for some hum bio family who ought to bo in it, and therefore it was a pity it should be empty, like ft form of life waiting for life. Tlio pretty oot was indeed an ohjcot to attraot tlio attention of any olianoe passenger of that lonoly lane. It stood within a little, tMoldy-shrubbod garden inclosed in a high green nedge, and surrounded on throe sides by tho forest, and hounded in front by tho lano. It was a small, ^substantial stono building of one story, and' a half, with a steop roof, having two wido dormer windows in front, and two hiffh chimnoyt; in tho (yahl.o.- ohda. Tho lowov odgo of tho roof projected far over tho front, forming tho shod of tho porch that oxtoiulod tho wholo breadth of tho liouso. Tlioro was ft broad. low door in tlio middle, with one broad, low, lattiocd window on each wide. Tho wholo building was oompletoly oovercd with ivy, whioh had oropt up ovory wall, around oycry door im<t window frame, over tho a tool") roof, and around tho tali ohimnoy, until tho cottago looked liko an edifico of ovorgroon. Around tho posts that supportod tho roof of tho porch also tho olimbiug rosea, tho honoysuoklea, tho olematia and laburnum had grown so thiokly and luxuriantly that they made a greon wallibeforo the Hoatfl on tho poroli. Tlio front door, standing, as wo said, bo tweon tho two low, latticed front windows, opened into a narrow passage running through tho houso to a baolc door loading to the poultry yard and cow-sliod. On the right hand was a small door lead ing into the oottage parlour, behind which waa the kltohon, from whioh a little narrow staircase astoonded to the rooms iu tho roof abovo. On the loft hand of the passage wao another door leading into a largo apartment running from tho front to tho back of the house, and Ailing as much spaeo as both tho kitoheu and tho parlour together on tho opposite aide of the pftHflOgfi. Nob had determined to take this house, not only because she had always fanoied it, but because lb wan in tmeh close proximity to tho old reotory grounds, the homo and haunt of hor childhood and youth. It wfta ft fino day in October, when, having obtained the key from Squire ' Honcythoi'n'u bailiff, she went, with all her following-that is, with tho two children, and Kit and Peter Ken--to inBpeot the in« terior of the houso. Aa alio unlocked the gate leading into tho old, neglected garden, whoro flowers and wtodo \mo growing together in all the rank luxuvianoo of untrained nature, the ohildrou woro wild with delight, as ohildren aro ut ovovy progpoot of oliiingo, oven from a handsome houao to a hum bio 0110. Kit w&a; silent and moody, as ehe had latoly boeu, and Peter wixb talkative, eyitioul, and auggrativo, c\a beoama one who oxpsoted to bo promoted to tho poat of major- domo in the now household about to bo formed.. " Toll yo wot, Mistress Not, niura, there bo vvurruk for me in this here garden. 01 vvud no wundor it took me a month to root oot all thoy weeds, and twenty barrow loads on 'em to burn aa wud raak a bon foiro molght bo son from Montjote iteen I" ho said, looking at tho tangle, wh»ro ovon= tho purple heather aud tho golden gorBO strove with thistlo and dook to crowd out tho rosee, tho marigolds, and tho dahlias. " Yes, you'll have work, Peter," assented the little mistress, with a smile, .'Qi'm thlukiug Ol'll bogin at wunut wV roolitig oa 'cm oot, Mistress Net, muui," he added. " No, Polor, not yot," eaid Not, her weak, toudor heart feeling some pity even for the Rolden gorao unci Ua humble companions that they should all be stigmatised as woods and condemned to bo oat down in thoir bloom. " Whoy not yet, Mistress Net, rauin, afore their seeds lolpen?'' askod the praotioal Peter. »< I-l-they look so fall of life now I hate to havo them killed, even if they aro weeds. Leave them until they die and dry up. Then yon may out them down and burn thorn." 11 Aftor they hov been and gone and dropped their seeds all over the ground to fetch a fresh crap o' weeds nest spiiug, Mia tress Not, mum I Thet'll be fofue garden ing I" " Never mind, Peter, leave them until they are dead." " Just as yo say, MUtreBS Net, mum I Yo be the maister hero, Mistress Not, mum." The only new dignity little mammam's man-servant thought it neoessary to oonfer upon her sinoe be had heard of her marriage, was the additional title of "mum." He had been aooustomed to call her "Mistress Net." Now Ue oalled her " Mtatww N«4» muw« While they had been speaking Net had been it.uggling to tarn the rusty key in tbe rusty look of the front door j but it had resisted all her efforts, and now she gave way to Peter, who took hold with all his. might, ,and after a great effort on his part, and a grating shriek on the key's part, he suo.oeeded in turning the look and opening the door. The overpowering rush of oonfined air met them at onoe from the long closed house. " Go back, children-go uaok at onoe until we have opened all the doors and windows. There, go piok up the rosy apples undor ibat tree until I oall you," said Net, hastily turn* higher little obavgers away from the tbres* They ran off, very willing to piok up rosy apples. Meanwhile Peter bad walked down the passage and set the baok door wide open fer a current of fresh air to pass through the house, and Kit had opened the right-hand door leading into the parlour, and the lattice window that lighted it. "You mUBt kiudle fires to-day in every ohlmney to dry off this damp, musty atmos phere," said Net to her man-servant, as sho followed him into the long room on the left of the passage, whloh he next prooeeded to open. " Yes, Mistress Net, mum; but mayhap no yor baarrt's too tinder and pitiful to let yo molest the swallows' nests wot's a choking oop this here ohimbly-- though the swallows have flowed away months agone/'said Peter, with a little latent sarcasm in his mind, though with perfoot reapeot in his manner, as ho took hia red head in from looking up the ohlmney, " Not if the birds have flown, Peter. Iam glad they have flown. X should not like to have disturbed them in their nests," replied Net. verv slmnlv. After inspeoting this long room, whioh bad broad, low, lattice windows at the front and at the baok, and a fireplace in the gable end, flanked by two beaufoto, Not went out in the passage and orossed ovor to the little front parlour, whioh had a broad lattice window in tho front, and a flreplaoo in tho angle of tho oornoi\ betw een tho side wall and the partition wall dividing it from the back kitchen. In the' opposite angle, between tho kitohen wall and the passage wall, was a corner oup. board, Half-way between the oupboard and the flreplaoe was the door leading into the kitchen. Nob wont into thte and found a oom» modious room, with a flreplaoe in the angle of the cornor adjoining tho parlour fireplace -both were, in faot, parts of the same gable end chimney, There wag alao a baok door leading into the poultry-yavdand cow-shed, and there waa a broad, latticed back window, and in tho angle of tho room between the end and the baok there was a staircase leading up to tho littlo bedrooms in the roof. Net ascended those stoop stairs and found herself in a narrow passage from whioh opened four little chambers under tho eloping roof, each of whioh was lighted with a dormer window. " Not one of these is largo enough for rae and my children to Bleep in together," said Net, after hor inapeotion was over. Then she returned downstairs and soon dooided on a bed-oliamber for heraolf and her babies-tho long room on the loft-hand' side of tho pasBajjo. "? Then Mi&tress; Not, mum,'yo muu'gie"" mo some money to buy limo and a whoite wash brush. 01 mun whoitowash these walla. They be weather-stained a aoight to see," said Peter, as he stood with liia hand a in his pookots, staring around at tho streaked and spattered plastering. " Very well, you may go and attend to that now," said tho young mistress, as she » opened hor purse and gave tho boy two half-crown pioooB. And after a few more orders, littlo mam mam took tho two ohildren, with their aprons full of rosy apples, and returned to the rectory, leaviug Kit and Peter to oleon and air tho cottage. It ma.y bo remembered that the greater part of tho furniture in tho rectory was the personal property of the late reotor, and at the auotion had been bought in by friends and neighbours for tho use of his step, daughter and hor wards, his own orphan children. This furniture was moxo than sufficient to fit up the oottago in the most comfortable manner, leaviug a residue of ohairs, tables, bedding aud kitchen utensils, that Net oould not use. Aud here came a minor temptation to the girl, These artioles were all familial' from her childhood, and dear to her heart, as having been used by hor beloved mother and stop-fathor, and she wuu tempted to store them all away in one of the littlo attie rooms of the oottago, where thoy might bo closely Eaokod; but when she thought of tho poor, are huts of the labouring class around her, she oould not let these things mouldor away uselessly. " If tfiey do seem HO snored to mo, they should all the sooner be oonseorated to good uses. I must give all this furniture to the people who need it moBt," she said to herself. This resolution suggested another-'to unpaok the boxes where the late reetor's clothing had been laid away in camphor, and to distribute the flannels and warm Books to the aged poor men of the village, and to give his suit of blaok broadoloth to tho sexton, whose Suuday olothes had long beon very shabby, and now showed signs of breaking out at elbows and knees. Not made all those distributions with a ohoerlul heart, and reoeived her reward in the happiness she oreated. This exhausted her surplus store of goods. She had no move to glvo. Her mother's and her stop-mother's stools of clothing had long boeu used up by the eoonomioal Net, who had made them over for tho ohildren or herself, and'thus spared her step-father's scanty purse. In just two weeks from the day on which it was first oponed, the cottage in the lano had been thoroughly ventilated, cleaned, furnished, and decorated for the reoeption of the new little family. It wtiB on the afternoon of the thirty first of Ootober that Net, having seen every fire in the reotory put out, ana every door and window fastened, bade good-bye to the dear home of her ohildhood, and taking little Luke and Ella by the hand, went forth to their new habitation. She took a short-out through the shrub bery, thence through tho ohuroh-yard out upon the turnpike near tho entranoe of Ohuroh-lane. When they reaohed this spot, with its tall trees meeting overhead, making a vista like a cathedral aisle as far as tho oye could see, the ohildren ran wild with delight. To them the idea of going tolivo in that little ivy-covored, vine-wreathed oottage in the green and shady lane was 'perfectly qnohanting. It like playing at house keeping, in tho most delightful manner, with little mamman for a playmate. It waB like a fairy tale also, and they half expected to see " the little old woman/' or " the beautiful lady" who turns out to be the fairy queen at last. * They ran on before Net, jumping and skipping, and they reaohed the gate of the oottage some minutes before she did. She found them there waiting for her. The ean had Jaat set; bat the firelight and the lamp.light from the cottage, parlour, and kitohen gleamed out from the front and baok windows, flickering and glimmering through the still green foliage around the building. "Wo jot here before you, mammaml Oh, diB is dust dolly!" exclaimed Luke, swinging on the gate. 11 Dast dolly I" eohoed his twin-slster. Net smiled at the ohildren, tinfastened the gate, and led them into the garden and thenoe through the vlne-oovered poroh and into the house, the front door of whloh was left wide open to receive her and her little companions. The cottage presented a very different aspeot now to what it did when we first saw it. The narrow passage walls were white* washed, the doors freshly painted, and the floor was oovered with a soft, dark green carpet. Net opened the door on the left leading into the long room she had fitted up for the sleeping apartment of herself and the children, from whom she was never sepa rated. Here the ohildren found the red carpet, white . ourtains, and rosewood ohamber set, with whioh they had boon familiar all their little lives, and to find them in this new, strange plaoe was a fresh delight. Net took off her own hat and wraps and the children's, and put them all oarefully away in the wardrobe, and then led the little ones aoroas the passage to the parlour, that looked bright and cheerful with its rod carpet, white curtains, white walls, gay ohintz.oovered sofa and ohairs, neat tea table set it) the middle of the floor, and blazing little wood-fir© in sthe , fireplace aorosR the oorner. " Oh-h-hl" exclaimed both ohildren in a breath, running towards the oorner flro to admire tho bright brass fender and fire irons. "And zat'sdaddy 1" oriedLuke, pointing to a portrait of the minister that hung in its blaok walnut framo over the mantel-piece, between a pair of three- pronged wax oandle stioks. A grateful smell of tea and baking oakea and toasting muffins oame in from the open door of the warm, bright kitohen, and entioed the ohildren thither, where thoy found Kit busy over the tiniest kltohen range that had ever been setup in a small homo. " And hoo do yo loike tho new home P" questioned Kit, turning a muffin on her toasting fork. " Oh, it's dust dolly I" oried Luke. ' " Dust dolly I" eonoed Ella, for their vocabulary was not very extensive... And then thoy went to the narrow door leading to the attio, and, with the evor preeent exploring instinot of ohildren and small doge, they opened it and began to | olimb the stairs, and soon their heels were heard clattering over the floors above. Then, indeed, they harried into the parlour, olirabed up into their high chairs, and were pushed up to their plaoes on the right and left of their little mammam. " Do yo moind wot noighb this wull bo, Mistress Net ?" inquired Kit, as she waited on the ohildren. 411 know it is the last of Ootober-the thirty.flrst," replied Net, " Ay, thot wull be it." "But what of it, Kitt" "It wull be noigfct»"of aW" the IfoTgBTOh the year." " Yes-believe it is j but what oE that, Kit P" " Wot of thot P Whoy, Mistress Net, if there be, a ghawst in this awld hoose, we'll all fain to see it to-night 1" said the girl, in a low, fearful tone, as she glanced over her shoulder., . 1 "Oh, Kit, what nonsense I A" ghost, indeed! You know there are no suoh things," replied Net. " 'Deed, then, I knaw nothing aboot it i But if there be a ghawst in this same hoose, we're fain to see it to-noight." "Kit, I will not have you say suoh foolish things before the ohildren," said Net, with all the sternness she oould assume. "You should know that there are no ghosts," . "No,dere are no ghose," added Lake, putting a spoonful of milk and bread into his mouth. t " No ghose," oohoed Ilia, with her words half mothered in muffin. " Varry well, then, yo'll see before morn ing." " Nonsense, I say; bat really if you are afraid to Bleep upstairs by yourself, Kit, yoa had better make up a littlo bed in oar room, whloh is so large and well ventilated that two grown persobs and two children may easily sloop in it without detriment to health. Yes, Kit,* you may sleep there every night, if you wish} you have ODIV to make your bed in tho evening and take it away in the morning." "Thank yo kindly, Mistress Net, but 01 profar to sleep in m' own plaoe; and Oi'm not so timid. Oi've got a horao'Shoo. That Ml keep the ghawsts away froom mb." " I wish Peter could stay with you at night as well as day,' He oould have a comfortable room next to yours in the garret," " Wull, yo see, Mistress Net, he cannot. He'll ooom and warruk for yo oil day long, but at noight he is lain to stay with the mither, while the feythev Is oot wi' his boot, epearing sawmon." " I know, and I am sorry," said Net, as Bho left the table. "Mammam, may weso tay up dis one night 'ittle w'ile ?" ooaxed Luke. " Tay up a 'ittle Vila P" eohoed Ella, as they both oame to Not -where she was sitting ana laid there ohubby hands in her lap. "Yea, my darlings. Aa this iB the first night in the new homd you may Btay up an hour longer than usual," answered Nee, to the Rroat gratifloationof the children. Kit oleared off the parlor table and oarried the toa servioe into the adjoining lritohen, where she set another table for herself and Peter, who had lust oome in from bringing the cow from the rectory barn-yard ana housing her in the cottage shed. 