THEATRICAL X01ES MELBOURNE'. Mr. Dampier opened on the 29th nit., at the Theatre Royal in " Hamlet," which h" I played for two nights, receiving a hearty and enthusiastic welcome, after his lengthened 1 absence from Melbourne. Miss Ada Lester | an actress of some repute, sustained the part ! of Ophelia, on her first appearance before an Australian audience. Mr. Dampier's Hamlet | is one of those scholarly and e/tective per formances, seldom witnessed on the stage ; I being, taken as a whole, thoroughly impres j sive and realistic, but at the same time intel lectual, and refined. As an artistic study, and a dramatic picture, it possesses nothing conventional, and is far beyond the actor's j rendering of the character two years ago. At > the present day, people take it for granted ' that thet-e is frothing origifialj and so authors, inventors, and actors, all get taxed with piracy in a greater or lesser degree ; for I with all its passion for novelty, the public when shown anything new, cannot resist asking " What is it taken from ? Where did they get it ?" Mr. Dampier himself, ha." not escaped the like criticism. Because his representation is more studied, and the charac'er depicted in an Appropriately thoughtful light, stftlie have taken it int< their heads that he mhst have seized certain ideas, if not the general, tmsor of his work. from Irving, Booth, or others who have been successful in the same role. Within thf whole rauge of Shakesperinn plays, there i> no character which offers such a severe!v critical test to an actor's powers as Hamlet, and there is none which the great body of playgoers watch the portrayal of with greater interest, or are more jealous of in 'certain particulars. He who attempts to in troduce new readings or alterations of the text, treads on delicate ground [f critics and actors could but agree to acceo a standard acting edition of Shakespear'? works oiie would not so readily blame tin other for imperfect memory or mis'akes. Hazlitt, in his criticisms of the Englishr s'age, speaks of Hamlet as " not a characte marked by strength of passion or will, bn by refinement of thought and feelin«." H■ also adds, " the character is probably of all others the most difficult to personate on tin stage. It is like the attempt to embody :> shadow . , . . there should be as much of the gentlemaii and scholar as possible and as little of the actor.'' With this view I entirely agree, aud can therefore speak of Mr. Dampier's impersonation in the highest terms. It is, if we may coin tin expression,; an educated Hamlet, and conse quently not' thoroughly within the grasp ot every audience. In the ghost scenes, Mr. Dampier's acting was of the highest order of merit, and his exit, on breaking away from EJoratio and Marcellus, excellently managed [t is to be particularly noticed that with th^ strolling players his manner was neither artificial no* ind;cative of restraint, nor ye< impulsive, but thoroughly natural. Tlv majority of actors do not adopt this view, but give the speech containing the direction.1 in a loud, imperious voice, infusing souml and fury, instead of calmness, into its admir able lines. "the famoits soliloquy—"To be or not to be was given sitting instead of standing, and hence produced a more marked efiect. At the point where the great climax of the play is reached—where the King and Queen rise conscience stricken from their seats—Mr. Dampier was fully equal to the occasion, and spoke the familiar words that follow in his hapniest manner— Why let the stricken doer go weep, The hart uugalled play ; 3?or some must watch, while some must sleep : Thus runs the world away. • In the various scenes with the Queen he clearly depicted his affection for his mother though marked ijwitli! aversion for her crime. The graveyard episode was beautifully acted aud the famous passage, " Alas, poor Yotick !" replete with true, tender sympathy. To the very conclusion of the piece, Mr. Dampier's acting was forcible yet subdued, thoughtful • yet impressive. Miss Lester as Ophelia lacked a thorough- graep of the character, but as she possesses a good figure, a pleasant face, and is thoroughly at home on the stage I was not disappointed afterwards, in the opinion I formed ou the first night of her appearance, namely, that she would create a more favorable impression in come&y; and melodrama. In dismissing the subject of Hamlet as a play and character, I may remark that it is; and always has been, :> matter of " special wonder'' to many how, with so many modem Innovations in the leading character of the tragedy, other ones remain as they always have been, false repre sentations of their master's creation. Take, for instance, Horatio and Polonitis. The former is usually (on any stage) an ass ; and the latter an idiot. As for the gliost he is 'generally solid flesh and blood, and until Pepper's or D'Arcy Read's illusion is intro duced, the effect will never be what, it should, to midce it harmonious. To the production of Samlet on Tuesday evening at the Theatra Royal, succeeded the " Lyons Mail" which was presented to a crowded hotlsS. As Every body, or nearly everybsdy knows, the inci dents on which this melodrama is founded actual) v occurred. The whole interest lies it) the fact of an amiable rri-in "and trociotis scoundrel being • so -like mtward appearance that they are mis taken , for each other. Were it not for the example quoted, people would say that such circumstances only occur in plays. Mis taken identity and circumstantial evidence form the basis of the piece, which is in three acts. Mr. Dampier plays the dual characcers of Lesuiques the Good, and Dubose the Repulsive in a nnuterly manner, and hi rapid changes from one to the other, are astonishing to say the least. There is not much in the part <>f Lesurques. It is merely a foil to that of the villain, who seems capable of any crime, beginning at robbery and end ing at assassination. The first act ends with the murder of the courier and the plundering of the mail, the curtain going down on a very exciting situation. The second act presents the spectacle of the innocent man accused, and virtually, found guilty, principally on the evidence of an innkeeper's lad, Joliquet, cleverly played by the eldest Miss Dampier. The third act deals with Lesurques, who Is innocent, being taken to execution with two others, who are guilty. The principal criminal, Dubox, watches the scene from a balcony, in a state of delirium frenzy, mad ness «tid iifcfer wickedness. He breaks every bit of furniture in the room, and gloats over the hideous spectacle. Mr. Dampier's acting in this scene was grand, and U13 manner in which he spoke the address of Lesurques on the scaffold, while leaning over the balcony as Dubox, was an unsurpassed elocutionary effort, as he suddenly broke into wild, hvfterical, frantic cries. The drama closes with the reprieve of the innocent, amiable man, and the capture of tli ■ bloodstained radian. As the one is thrown down on the floor by a large body of g«ns-d'aruies, the otlse:- enters by the door3, a free man. I'he rapidity with which this change is effected, in sight of the audience, almost bailies you, andjj makes you wonder how the parts ave so cleverly played. Then you are inclined to fully endorse the statements of the Naw York press that the impersonation may be considered " one of the most surpris ing effects the stage has seen," aud " magni ficent in its Hogarihian faithfulness." Miss Lester, as Jeanette, the wife of Dubose, 'Cted! the part, faithfully and well, being irequently applauded. Some of the situa tions are difficult, and very little would have marred their success. From Tuesday even ing to the present time, an origanal farce <;ntitied i; Catching the Kellys" lias been ■reduced as an afterpiece. The author is W'\ Jos. Pickergiii, of Melbourne. The ;iiece has evoked a good deal of hostile •riticism from the pi ess, but it nevertheless • iids favor with the public. There is nothing ■i jectionable in it, nor is there anything fli-n.-ive or bad ; for the whole tiling is a . ke, and full nf fun. All the carts are well iayril, from Ml- Gieviile, as the bush sev =eaut, down to the black trackers. The , supposed bushrangers turn out to be nothing of" the kind, and everybody on the stage drinks success to the police. The only cir cumstance, to my miiid, that could damage this farce would be the actual capture of the Kellys themselves, which would naturally entail its being withdrawn. The drama of "All for Gold" was played on baturday night. PHILOS. 