MARKDALE. Oa Friday last the lohg.talked-of tea-mecting came off at this place, and in every respect it was i suc cess. Long before three o'clock, the hour announced for tea, upwards of a hundred lpersonsm had arrived. These included cricketers with bats on their shoul ders, old, young, and pretty tien and women, travel ling in every conceivable way, emerging through the thick bush from every quarter, and each carrying something good for the tea-a different method to that adopted at your town tea-parties. The tea was serred in the wood building used as a school and chutrch, which was nicely titted uip by IMr. and Mrs. Nash with overgreons and flags, 'both inside and outside. The eatables were of thle most substantial and choice description. After all had satistied the le H1, theo rsotto Was cleared, a hymtn sotng, and the Rlev. J. 11. Williams addressed the meeting. lIe apolegised for thle unavoidable absence of two roev. lbrothers, andl at some length spoke of tihe necessity for fencing in a ptrtion of grounatd near at hand for the reception of the dead. for which object they had that day gatlhered together. It swas pitiableo to seet the graves of the dead trodden over and destroyed vy cattle and shtep. The lbuilding they were then in was also unfit for holding divine service in during the winter; but they hoped Ibefore long to erect a more substantial phtee of worship. It was truly astonishing htow the people of Markdalo would come miles for a good purpose like the present, and inter estiog to see how one and all mixed with their neighours regardless of creed. The rev. lchairmant then called on AMr. Naslo, who in a neat steech tn couraged his hearers to give up all tsuperstitiots ideas as to the dead, and related sote ghost tories to show that deception wats at the bottom of all things tending to superstition The choir again sang, and Mr. Nash recited with good 'lTeet the ,armter's Blunder, which created mlch lnalghter. On the motion of Mr. Wilson, seconded by Mr. J. Clemte'ntso, a vote of tlhaumks was passed to the ladies. A eollection wats then tatdle, abolt £113 in all being realised, Mr. Carr heading the list with three tuinuas. The singing of the doxology concluded the,11!, ilw l?n{. Mrs. Williouns andl Miss Newman presoided att the harnomnituot which was kindly lent by Mrs. Natslt, who with husband was imlefatigabhle in emleavoring to please atd matke eomfortablel onte ttld ill. 