LITERATURE. j Literary Notices, TUE BEDOUIN TRIBES OF TUE EUPHRATES, by LADY ANNE BLUNT. In 2 Vols. London: Murray. . . ,, , THESE volumes contain a largo amount of thc bookish material known by tho name of eliott gossip. Tho authoress mado a few discovorie such as that the branch of tho Khabur, calle tho Singas, was a myth, and that certain lakes i Mesopotamia aro now to geography. She visite Uz, whore Job dwelt, Hitt and Jcbboth, tho lan of the Hittites and Jebusites, and wandere through tho country of tho Shammar and_ Maze Bedouins, of whom she gives ampio description Tho lady and hoi* husband roamed amongst thcf pooplo apparently in security, and thus had amp] means of acquiring a knowledge of their habit manners, and oustoms, modes of living, and plr sical constitutions. She describes them as shoi mon cut rather long-liuibed for their sizo, scldoi exceeding fivo feet six inches in height, of a spni habit of body, freo from all tendency to obesity lithe, active, and muscular in carly life, but Bhoi livod, seldom exceeding sixty years of ago, an generally bocoming grey and old at forty. As th travellers proceeded by a now routo across Mes( potamia, tlioy met with many strango sights, an in tho description of those tho chief merit of th lady's book consists.. A few extracts will plac tho reader in a position to judgo for himself as t hor ladyship's Btylo of descriptive writing. He account of Arab cookery is certainly not appétit ing, especially during tho present hot weathoi She says : Tho sheep soomod to liavo hoon out up with a hntcho quito indopondoutly of its auntoraical construction, hone: moat, and all mangled and mossed together, BO that it wc imposslblo to got at a oloan-looking piooo froo from splii tors. Thoso had hoon thrown iuto a pot and boiled witl out soasouiug or othor ooromony, and thou turned out int a groat round woodon dish, a yard in diameter. Butte had next hoon plastered round tho mass, and Hat half-hake loaves of clay sot to garnish tho odgo of tho plato, all dam and olammy and half sopped bi tho broth. lu tho middl lay tho groat fat tail .of tho sheep-a hugo lump of talioi with bits of livor and other nastiness near it. Wo fancy that our readers, after porusing thi description of Arab cookery, would rather cool thoir own dinners than employ an Arab cook. Ol tho shoros of Groonland such cookery would bi Bplondid, but under tho hot sun of tue Arabiai desert, it is abominable. At Bagdad our travollors mot with a Turkis! official of a rather superior stamp. Kaddorly Pasha ls a Turk, and a Europoanisod Turk . yoi ho improssod mo vory favourably, Jlo spoaks oxcollenl I'rouch ; and wo not ouly had no diflloulty in explaining our position to kim and satisfying any curiosity ho maj have had as to our movomonts, but wo also woro able tc have a very interesting conversation with Wm about thc gouoral politics' of Europo and tho Einpiro. His history, 1 holiovo, is thia. As a young man ho was takou up by Yofyl Effondi, who with Midhat Pasha was anxious to form r school of politicians in Turkey with moilorn views and ino dora principles. Thoso loudly profesa ed tho doctrino, nov to Ottoman oars, that honesty was tho bent policy, am' oarrlod out, I boliovo. thoir prlnoiplo fairly. ITiuortunatol; tho baud of followers wu» nevor numerous, aud Kaddorlj Nooius to liavo beon tho only ono who distinguished bimsel iu tho world. Ho had oduoatod hinisolf when past twenty und nf or tilling various minor oillcos, lind now boon pro nioted by his llrst patron to tho rank of valy, Kaddorly Pasha was straight from Stamboul, having lof I tho enpitnfuot thrco wookaboforo, andhadallthooontompi which a Eiiropoan, frosh from wi tuossiug tho preatovonts of history (for ho had loft tho Eimsians nt tho gatos of Constantinople) could not holpfoollug for tho potty politics oí Arabia. Ho did not, in fact, so much as ask what was going on among tho Bodouins, but ignored tlio wholo mat tor, ttifooting only nu iutorost in tho ruins of El Uaddr and tho prospects of a Euphrates Valloy railway. This Euro pean lino of thought suitodusadmirably.andwediHcourscd ns loariiodly as wo oould, on itrohroology and civil engineer ing, and a littlo ou tho attempted improvements of his forinor prodocossor and patron, MidUat, at Bagdad.* On thoBO tho valy spoko as sensibly as a llrst commis sioner of works. " Throo thiugs," ho said, " aro nooossary in a governor who would atïont real good iu tho dopartinent he adminis tors-' Vouloir, savoir, ol pauoirl' Midhat had tho first and last qualification, but not tho second, lío was a half-edu cated mau. With regard to anothor important matter, ho roinarkod that tho ilrst reform wanted in Turkoy was tho establishment of roal religious oquality. Toleration already oxlsted; but something moro was requirod. Tho law Bhould maka no distinction in doaling with men of different creeds any moro than with mon of diiToront races. Many racos and many oreods woro oomprisod in tho Ottoman Empire. Wilfrid. " Yob tho Mussulman roligion invoutod tolera tion many centuries boforo it wasaccoptod by tho Christian governments 06 Enropo." Kaddorly. " Say, rather, rfliiivcnicrt lt, for toleration was always tho law of auciout Jîoino. This was, in its day, a groat stop in advance, Lut Islam has now fallen behind Christendom, lt is timo that roligious blttornesB should coaso in Asia as it has iu Europe." Wo did not venture to touch upon tho moro delicate point of official honosty. Wo felt that wo might bo treading on dangerous ground ; for, although it was difficult to imagino a goutloman, with such excollont principles as tho valy's, putting his baud into tho publie purso, tho chancos of our Laving blt upon au immaculate governor w. ro so small iu Turkoy that it was moro common prudence to say nothing whi.-h might oilond. Wo turuod tho conversation, instead, on tho practical liborty which undoubtedly oxists in Turkov, and OH whioh wo could, with sincerity, bo oloquout. Wilfrid told tho Btory of a oonvorgation wo bad ouoo hnd with a santich ip Asia Minor, which, as it contains a moral, may bo worth relating hero. This zatleh had beon complaining to us of cortaiu official malpractices which, although ho was Min Bolt nnagontof tho law, I ad struck him as liooding roform iu his owu country, and montioned tho roport current among his follows that England was the land of liborty. " Every one there," ho said, " wo know is free and happy, and hono«t mon may do all thoy Uko without interference from any ono." " It is truo," wo answered, '. that things with us aro not as thoy aro with you. Tou, Mohainmod, for instance, would not bo allowed to talto this ploughshare which you have found in tho Hold, tomako your Aro with, or turn your horso into this standing corn to graze ¡ but all countries aro not oqually favoured, and thoro is liberty and liborty. What should you say, for instnnco of a laud, whore a poor man, travelling along a high road, might not collect a few dry sticks to mako a Uro at all, or let his donkoy prazo on so much as U10 grass by tho wayside, or ovon Ho down himself to «loon under a hedge, without being seized by tho zap. tiohs, dragged before tho cadi, aud left to spoud tho night in prison ?"' "No, no," said the mau, "you aro laughing at mc. There is no such country as that, people would have goue to live olsowhero long ago." Tho following will be interesting to students of Ecclesiastical history, in ita widest sense, that is, tho history of tho religions of men, and not morely the history of a particular class of sects. According to tho Sabaxiu traditions, which dato from the creation of tho world, their history has been as follows: Boforo the time of Noah, they say, all tho world was Sa basan, bolioving in ono same uneeea God, nnd spenking thc saine language. Noah had four sons, Shem, Ham, Yaham, and Jnphot, who some time after tho flood began to speak each a soparato languape. Shem only preserving that of his father (they know uothiug of tho tower of babel). Tho Saboaan« aro tho true descendants of Shem, and to tho prosent day have preserved tho ancient tonguo unchanged. Jpthoij* boofc ls written, and it is doscribed as a Sort of Syriac The Saboans first Bottled in Egypt, being the Banu Egyptians over whom Pharaoh ruled when ho oppressée! tho childroa of Israel. Tho present tribe claims desceñí from Ardowan, ahrother of tho Pharaoh who was drowned in tho Red Soa. Th&y; subsequoutly founded a kingdom ni Damascus whioh Instcd till two hundred years alter the death of their prophet, John tho Baptist (three hundred and sixty-eight beforo the Hegira). Then they removed to Bagdad, whero they flourished until tho Caliphate was I overthrown hy the Tartars. At that timo they possessed four hundred churches.'hut theso were then destroyed, Ta KI orlan o carrying away all their hooks to Ispahan, whero it is believed they still exist. They themselves were dispersed over Irak, and probably El Hasa, nnd aro now reduced to tho three thousand tonis mentioned. A« regards their religion, which, in fact, is the only inte resting, or, for that matter, authentic part of tho story, they say that they worship tho Almighty God, tho maker of light and darkness, whom no ono has soon at any time. Their principal religious obsorvance is Baptism, which they say was instituted hy God in the garden of Edon, Adam hoing himself baptised *' in tho nunio of tho first lifo, tho second lifo, and the third life," nil three names of tho Almighty, hut this baptism fell into disuse, and was restorod by tho preaching of their prophet, John tho Bap. tist. They acknowlcdgo no other prophet, and take no account of tho Old or New Tcstniuont histories, oxcojit to tho extont of believing that Chribt was tho Holy Ghost mado visible to tho world, but not God. They havo a sn. onunout of unleavened bread and wine, of which their priests alone partnko in privato, and according to cortai» secret rites. This they bcliovo to have boeu also instituted in tho garden of Eden. As to thoir rito of baptism, they Bay it must ho performed in running water, when it will wash away Bin nnd ensure salvation. They baptizo the children whou thirty days old, bnt tho rite is constantly renowed, the priests baptising themselves onco a week. They fast thirty-six days in tho year, abstaining from meat, nnd havo four festivals, New Ycav's-day, tho feast of St. John, th« fifth day after tho annivorsary of thoir baptism, and ono culled Dehnioh Dinins, of which they douot profess to know tho meaning. The effects producod by Turkish rulo aro vividly pourtrayed in the book. A Turkish proverb affirms that grass does not grow where tho Sultan's horse lias trod, and the proverb states a fact, as is proved by the condition of all parts of Asia Minor where the Turk rules, as well as of Cyprus and olsowhore. Every traveller who has visited tho East reports tho utterjinigovornment of the Turks, and, there fore Lady Brunt's statements on this point-appear to bo in no way exaggerated. Just at the present timo, when the reforms sanctioned by the Treaty of Berlin cannot bo carried out, owing to the ab oenco of hearty co-operation on tho part of Turk ish officials, those portions of tho hook which describo the evi 1 effects of Turkish rule aro of special interest. . 