PUBLIC MEETING. This was held in the evening at half-past 7. In the absence of the Rev. Thomas Jones (the chairman), the chairman elect, the Rev. Joseph King, presided. After devotional exercises and a few opening remarks by,, the. chairman, the pastor called on "the Rev. Ei Qreenwoodj yfhp ejoqseci .himself from', speaking in consequence o£ the number of speakers who had to follow. . The Rev. A. Allan followed.... He .thought that : one of ,the dangers which beset : Gpngrega tionaliam waß, he . thought, the; x eza~ggeration of Ithe principle of personal liberty—individualism run to seed. To obviate this he advocated the cultivation of a more expansive denominate spirit. He did not believe in putting the tent tynt wwl the Qhriat alter* wards r ;but ; whUanot'falling inlothe error wai might' legitimately debt to • cultivate a Congregational spirit; He expressed the conviction that it the members; ofthe; churches'could take a personal interest in,as well - as-' do something for, tha various institutions oi the body,’ and more largely attend the yearly and half-yearly, 'meetings, something would be done id encourage a de nominational spirit, 7 He next referred to the 'cultiva tion of a J patriotic feeling. He believed in an enthusiasm' for the grand country and the grand colony we lived in. He concluded by saying that Wei should never forget that we stood for the principle ■ of a spiritual life, the gift of God; and he believed that we' should best-advance the interests of Con ■gregationalism by seeking to bring nlen to Christ,- the author of spiritual life. : The Rev J; J. Halley re-- .counted verbally some of the particulars given ki the written report, and then gave some particulars of the denominational interests. In ten years the contribu tions to the Union and Mission had risen from £3OO to about £l4OO. Thera was now £3314 invested in the Chapel Building Association, and in this and the col lege and ministerial pro vident fund, upwards of £12,200. A collection was taken up. The Rev. J. Lloyd (of South Australia) said that he had come to Victoria to preach the Qospel.in. Welsh to his own .countrymen. He referred to the obligations under, which ■ Victoria and-South Australia had been .placed, by • the gifts of men like the Rev. W. R. Fletcher and O. Copeland. He expressed his great pleasure at the har monious spirit shown by the presence of the various ministers at the Congregational Union dinner. This was set forth in a very happy way by an illustration borrowed from a pool in the Welsh mountains. Again illustrating his remarks, this time by an extremely humorous anecdote, he urged the necessity of doing the best we could, for the interests of God, whether those for whom we labored were satisfied or dissatis fied with our exertions. He concluded by quoting an incident relating to a Welsh. heaver, and impressing the.pbligation resting upon his audience to hold up Christ as the great hope .of humanity. This gives a very: ; imperfect idea of a capital speech filled -with Welsh . fira and humor. The .Rev. J. Barber then addressed the meeting. He recapitulated acme of the information contained in the executive ■ oommitteee's report in regard to the difficulties of the Qunbower Mission. Ha saw promise of spiritual good in the mission. He believed in the ministry of. the Holy Ghost, and that this, was the dispensation of the spirit, and was conscious that he was sustained by the prayers, of God's people. He trusted that in answer, to such, prayer he and his work might be ; devoutly blessed. Mr, James Port was tfie next speaker.. He hoped that the remarks of the Rev. W. Allen would bear fruit. He had seen some of the difficulties of country minis; ters, and thought that if some of their critics could change places for a short time, they 'would alter their 'opinion., He then, spoke of the, extraordinary benefits which had been conferred and would yet be conferred by the Victorian Chapel Building Association, and of , the debt of gratjtude to the Rev, Mr Day for his arduous and protracted labors in establishing and pro . moting that institution. He concluded by a reference to the importance of. having a colonially-lrained ■ministry, and believed/ that. •it .would; do ; credit to those ; engaged in the tutorial work.. The Rev. J. / Walker proposed, .and. Mr Birtohnoll seconded, a vote pf .thanks to the chairman and the, speakers, which the chairman acknowledged for him self, and the meeting-closed.-/—-—- It is proper to mention that at a social gathering in the afternoon there was a formal, as also often during the course of the meetings an informal, expression of heartiest thanks for the generous hospitality extended by the friends at Ballarat to the ministers and dele gatee, . ■: A -.a 