ROCKHAMPTON. (FROM OUR OWN OORUKSI'ONOKNT.) To the astonishment and delight of all holiday goers, .Monday morning was all that could he desired, and the whole day was cheerful and cool. As I anticipated the excursion to the Bay hy the Lady Bowen turned out a failure, only 150 tickets being disposed of, which would not re imburse the speculators their chartin' money. The regatta, under the auspices of the Fitz.roy Bowing Club, was a grand success, and great credit is due to the committee for the capital day’s sport. Each event was well contested, and a large number of townspeople congregated on the river bank and approaches to the wharves to witness the racing, which gave immense satisfaction. There were thirteen races, all well contested, and for substantial money prizes. The sixth annual show of the C.Q.O. and F. Society, held at (Iracemere, was well attended, I cannot. say much for the cattle exhibits, which, with the exception of three or four, were very inferior, owing in a great measure to Messrs. Archer and Cross not being competitors for the various prizes. The colonial produce, poultry, and dogs were superior to any before exhibited, either in (iracemere or Rockhamp ton. The saddlery and vehicles, all of local manufacture, I am sure could not he excelled in the colonies, many of which are intended for the Brisbane and Sydney exhibitions. A quantity of specimens of our native timber, split and well polished, were a great novelty. They drew much attention, and arc also intended for Southern exhibitions. The ladies showed some beautiful specimens of fancy work ; the display in that department was very attractive. Alto gether it was a great success, the number of people on the ground and the money recived at the gates being considerably greater than on any former year. The secretary- -Mr. OkShan ncssy—was as usual ubiquitous, and as several of the stewards did not turn up, his billet was no sinecure. There were also athletic sports held on the ground in the afternoon, which I consider quite out of keeping, as it drew the crowd away from the various auction sales, and exhibitors who desired to dispose of their pro duce found the bidding anything but satisfac tory, and as there is, of course, a certain amount of expense and trouble attached to articles ex hibited, the proprietors naturally hope to re coup themselves hy the sale of their stock. The theatre in the evening was crammed. “ Across the Continent” was immense—botli scenery anil acting. The Oddfellows of the Loyal Pioneer Lodge celebrated their anniversary on the same day ; about eighty members turned out in full re galia, 1 leaded by the Volunteer Band, and after parading the principal streets returned to their hall in Renham-street, to partake of a nice luncheon, provided by F. Comley of the Alma Hotel. The funds are in a very healthy state, and the lodge is in an exceedingly flourisning condition. There was also a ball the same evening, given by the members of the Odd fellows ^Amateur Dramatic Club, which was patronised by about fifty persons, who thoroughly enjoyed themselves, and did great execution, amongst the edibles provided by Mr. Medcraf, the proprietor of the restaurant in East street. At a meeting held on Tuesday afternoon, the Trustees of the Rockhampton Grammar School decided to extend the time for the receipt of competitive plans from the first of August next to the first of September, and as an award of fifty guineas will be given for the best plan, it is probable a goodly number from all parts of Australia will be forthcoming. Our Municipal Inspector summoned a Mrs. Lynam for obstructing him in the execution of his duty, and rescuing certain stray nannies he had in charge. She pleaded guilty, and was let off with the mitigated penalty of Is. and 14s. cost. Mr. Caporn’s triangular byelaw does not seem to answer the purpose. At all events,, from the Inspector’s report on Thursday last several men engaged by him to seize unregis tered goats were unable to make a haul and threw up the job. I believe in the midnight raids and wholesale slaughter system. I can rember on one occasion over 600 carcases were tallied on to the fire, and a number more drowned in the river at one raid. Our unhappy Inspector has got into hot water over stray animals. He gets a fair screw, and if he does not do the work he is paid for scores of men can be found who will. It is an unthankful billet I allow, a man may do too much or too little, and it is not easy to hit the happy medium., A serious mishap occurred at the bridge works on Tuesday night. It appears that two punts containing some chains and cylinders sank in about two fathoms of water, and as yet all efforts to raise them has failed. Carlton’s (not Hamlet’s) Ghost is advertised to appear on Monday evening, at the School of Arts, and as “ spirits” of all kinds are appre ciated by the majority of tropical inhabitants, no doubt his Ghostship will meet with a good reception. A meeting of the local Insurance Agents in the town was held in the Municipal Council Chamber on Friday afternoon, for the purpose of electing a representative on the Fire Brigade Board, which is constituted as follows :—If the Corporation support the brigade the mayor shall be an ex-officio member. The Governor-in Council appoints a member, and another elected annually by the various local insurance companies’ agents who would be entitled to one vote each for every £5 '•ontributed. Messrs. Headrick, Jackson, Hunter, aud Dibdin, were proposed. As Captain Hunter was absent, and Messrs. Headrick and Jackson declined the honour, Mr. Dibdin was eloefbd. The local agents of five insurance companies were present, also his worship the Mayor (chairman) and Mr. Superintendent Wakefield. I see the Corporation are calling tenders for laying asphalt pavement, ; 1 think that is rather hard on Mr. J. E. O’Connor, who has completed his contract with the Corporation in a highly creditable maimer, and has been at considerable outlay for plant, &c;, If wc want a good article wc must pay a fair price for it, and the Council might find that an inferior article at a reduced rate would be only “ penny wise and pound foolish.” However, as the contract for which tenders arc called is only for a small amount, it would not pay any one to lay out money in plant, and so I expect to see Mr. O’Connor finishing the work lie has up to the present so successfully carried out. The quarterly sittings of the Central District Court commence on Monday, at 10 a.m., before His Honour Judge Blake. There are but two criminal cases for hearing, one for fraudulent insolvency, and another for false pretences. 'There are twelve undefended cases ou the civil list. We had a good drop of rain in the middle of the week, a nasty cold drizzle, sufficient to soak one through, and make the roads sloppy. Thursday was fine and clear. The temperature in the shade was—maximum (VC. minimum 50°, and the nights are very cold, with a heavy dew. 