THE CITY CORPORATION. At the meeting of the City Corporation held yesterday several questions of public importance were discussed. It has re centlv been resolved to put into operation the laws relating to trading on Sunday, and several tobacconists and other shop keepers who carry on their trade on that day have been1 required to discontinue the practice. We believe that the majority of the tradesmen concerned have complied with the notice, tut one or two have set it at defiance, and will probably be called to account. The Council appear to have taken action in the matter somewhat tardily. The suppression of Sunday trading was resolved opon more than a year ago, but until the past week no steps have been taken to put this resolution nto opera tion. Hence the tobacconists and restau rant-keepers who have been permitted to pursue their avocations on Sunday may well wonder at the unexpected zeal of the Council. They have, however, received ample warning, and have no cause for complaint. But it would be interesting to learn the re.isors which have prompted the Council to take this sudden action. They have allowed many trades men to keep their shops open on Sunday, not only for the sale of perishable goods, but of articles which will keep in any season, and have thus deliberately en couraged the trading they have now determined to put an end to. The latitude which has been accorded to tobac conists has been especially noticeable. Indeed, the Council do not seem to have been guided by any law of necessity, or by any intelligible rule, in granting the latitude they have tacitly accorded to numbers of tradesmen in the city. It is satisfactory that they should now have realized the need for dealing with the matter. Without taking into consideration the religious aspect of the question, there are many reasons which, render the opening of shops on Sunday extremely objectionable. It may be hoped, now that the Corporation have taken the matter in hand, that they will in future keep a tighter rein upon trades men in this matter. Another question of general interest which has come tinder the notice of the Council is the necessity for providing for the preper inspection of gas' meters. We gather from the report of the Town Clerk that the power of the Council in this respect is unfortu nately limited, and that fresh legislation is needed. As a matter of fact the Cor poration have little or no check upon the Gas Company, which is practically ex empted from any municipal laws of te3t and measurement. In a matter which so closely concerns the whole civic commu nity it is obvious that the Council phould have more effective control. At present a great deal of dissatisfaction is felt by citizens on account of the work ing of their gas meters. Probably many of the complaints are unfounded, but the. present system of. registration of g33 consumed is generally felt to ba one-Bided and unsatisfactory. Persons who feel doubts as to the correctness of their meter can, of course, complain to the Gas Company, and have an inspection made ; but it is far better that they should be in a position to appeal to some disinterested authority. What is wanted is an impartial publicfunctionary to act as umpire between the gas supplier and the consumer. The: rratter fairly comes within the province of the . Corporation, and they should be empowered to appoint an Inspector, en titled not only to test the correctness of meters, but also the quality of the gas supplied. The Council have very wisely refused to express any opinion 'as' to the site selected for the sewage farm by the Government. To have assented to the 'motion brought forward by Coun cillor Jones would have been an injudicious piece , of interference on their part, introducing unnecessary complications into the decision of the question. The matter was^ long since rele gated by the Council to the Government, and itwould have been unbecoming in them' to have 'placed obstacles in the way* of carrying out the recommendations of the officials appointed by the latter. The report of the Finance Committee will pro bably ba a surprise to the majority of the citizens. Notwithstanding the powera recently granted to the Council to raise funds for public works, it has been decided tolimitthelcost b£ the work3 during the next six .months to the meagre sum of £1,272. There is thus but little hope that the roads and footpaths will receive the attention they stand so much in need of, and there is still less pro_spect that the. numerous other works in the city which are urgently necessary will be undertaken, this year. Some difficulty has apparently been felt by the Council in regard to the mainte nance of a fire- escape in the city on the score of expense. ?? An offer has been made by the Government to meet hah! the- outlay, on condition that the rest of the cost is borne by the Corporation,, upon whom would devolve the responsibility of keeping the escape in good order. It does not appear that the expenditure involved would be very great, and it iB to be regretted that the Council have not thought proper to accept the offer of the Government, but have referred it to the consideration of a committee. Attention has been drawn to the necessity for such a provision in Ade laide the by number of fireswhich occurred in the city last summer, and there can hs no question that the citizens would cheer fully agree to any reasonable outlay for the purpose rather than that loss of life should occur through the want of proper saving appliances. The question may fairly be considered whether any other apparatus will better serve the purpose, in view of the fact that there are but a limited number of tall buildings in the city ; bnt whatever may be the decision arrived at it is incumbent upon the Council ; to take early steps to guard against the loss of life by fires. The matter is one which does not immediately concern the Fire -Insurance Companies, and they ought not to be expected to give more assistance than they have done. Year by year the risk of life from fires is on the increase, and no time should be lost in devising some means for reducing this risk to a minimum. U-'ExrE-'i-ED Balance-. - — Last year a great deal of time, v.aa wasted in fierce debates upon the right viey to take of unexpended balances, the object on one side being to prove that there was no deficit becaxiae there wa^ a cash balance. As unhappily there 13 no cash balance this year there will be no need to revive the wearisome discussions of last session. Mr. Ross virtually conceded all that we have ever contended for when he stated on August 20 that such portions of the -unexpended balances 'as it was deemed necessary to bring forward for 'expenditure became charges against the revenue cf that year.' Ia other words, they are items of outlay to which the Parliament has committed itself over, and above what .was _. ... met out of the income of the previous year. It is very desirable, however^ that there Bhould be some more rational system of dealing with «? them than has hitherto prevailed, and that the House should have some control over them. At present it has none. The Treasurer lays on the table a list of unexpended balances, specifying in one column those he intends should lapse and in another those he proposes to bring forward. The House is not asked to discuss the paper; and, unless some member is curious enough to make enquiry, nothing at all i3 said about any of the iteni3. Yet the way in which these sums are dealt with may materially alter the state of the accounts, and it may also tend to defeat the express wish of Parliament. It appears to us that the proper course would be to adopt some such plan as was hinted at by ilr. Cooke last year. The list of unexpended balances Bhould be considered in Com mittee even before any of the items on the Estimates are voted. The Treasurer should be required to explain why the lines brought forward are so dealt with, and only upon this being done should they be revoted. Another method which is advocated by some is that all the votes should, as a matter of course, lapse at the end of the year if the money has not been spent. To this there would be one great objection, which does not apply to the English finances. About a fifth of the yearly outlay here is entirely under the control of the Ministry. It ia for public works, aad they can regulate it as they please. By neglecting to carry out the wish of Parlia ment within the twelve months they may accomplish a twofold object. They may take a sort of revenge upon some of their opponents by neglecting works in which lie latter are interested, and they may also manipulate the accounts bo as to show a large cash balance, when in fact the current expenditure for the main tenance of establishments had largely increased. It is true it may occasionally happen that three or four years have elapsed since some of the amounts brought forward were voted, but if they are likely to be required they should not be allowed to lapse. Thus, to take the case of the Institute. If the sums which have been voted for this work were allowed to lapse the House might be staggered at being asked to set apart a large sum at once. As it is, provision is made each year for this and similar purposes, and the wish of Parliament thus expressed should certainly be maintained inviolate. Another very desirable improvement would be to introduce in the expen diture side of the Ways and Means an additional column, giving against each item the unexpended balance brought forward, as well as the sum voted for the year. If this were done members would see at a glance how much it was proposed to spend each year under the different heads. As now prepared the statement is misleading, and, except by comparing two distinct documents, there is no way of ascertaining how much it is proposed to expend within the year under any one of the divisions specified. It is probable that the papers to be sub mitted to-day are prepared after the old fashion ; but an expression of opinion from the House would no doubt lead to the adoption of an improved method in the Revised Ways and Means which will have to be presented a few weeks hence. : | , — — ? ? . The Case of Geoece Plumtjdge. — We are as little inclined to be drawn into a Bcolding match with our morning contem porary by the silly impertinences which form the staple of his Monday's* article upon Plumridge'a case as we were . by the contemptible spirit of professional jealousy which, it is now evident, prompted his first interference in the matter. The question at stake is far too important, as affecting the liberty and rights of the sub ject and the limits of police authority, to; be turned into a vehicle for vulgar and irrelevant recrimination. The view we ha\e urged, and which we still emphati cally maintain, is that a grievous wrong has been inflicted upon a respectable citizen. He has been arrested and had up before the Police Magistrate ; his premises have been searched without a ? warrant ; he has been incarcerated for two days, having,, as we now learn, been denied bail by-tiie Police Magistrate the day after; his arrest, when formal applica tion was made for it by his relatives ; he has had -,to suffer considerable pecuniary loss; and he is now asked to console himself 'with the knowledge that his inno 'ceiice has Been triumphantly established. And: what guarantee under a sj-atem which allows of these indignities has any j respectable cit'zen : — no matter how] well, known — against being subjected to similar ignominious treat ment, through .the,, stupidity or the malevolence of -any one who chooses to lo&gd; a trumpery' charge of theft against hip .' TJuVis the pointjeoncerning which, for the safety of thejiublic, enquiry Bhould be made, and conoerning which, if we un derstand aright the answerof the Attorney General to Mr. Hare on Thursday last, enquiry is, to be made. In one respect, in our previous remarks/ we have un intentionally done the Police Department an injustice, and we hasten to apologize for it. In. the article which appeared in our Saturday's issue we implied that the information upon* which our contemporary had based Ids comments of the day before wa3 voluntarily furnished him by the PoliceDepartment. From his own state ment it now seems that this was hot the case, but that through sheer officiousness, or through a petty eagerness to disparage a newspaper competitor, he took pains to forage for information, to be afterwards distorted to Plumridge's disadvantage. As we stated before, we made application to the Inspector of the Metropolitan Police for explanations upon some points of Plumridge's first letter. We learned from him what seemed to us a most important feature in the matter, that Plumridge, so far as the police knew, was a highly respectable citizen. We ascertained from him further that he thought the police could not have acted differently than they had done. The interview which the gentleman from our office had with him was certainly hurried, as Mr. Peterswald had another engagement which, he could not postpone ; but had we known that he wished to give further particulars, or had he requested U3 to abstain from publishing Plumridge's letter until he had given additional information, wo should cheerfully have awaited his explanation. He, however, did nothing of the kind. All that he did was to express his willing ness, if again applied to, to state any facts within his knowledge ; but having, as we considered, done all that could in fairness be expected of us by informing him of the nature of Plumridge's letter, and of thus giving him an opportunity of supplying an explanation, we felt under no obligation to take further steps in the mattar. Our contemporary has assumed the rOle of expositor of the views of the police, and of apologist for them ; but he has miserably failed to shake, in any material respect, Plumridge's state ment of the case, which shows conclu sively that he has been the victim of very unjust and oppressive treatment. Had the explanations our contemporary has seen fit to make been before us when our first article was penned we could not have said less than we have done in condemna tion of the course that has been followed. The BrDOET Speech.— The Treasurer will make his financial statement in the Assembly tawafterncoD. Aa'Snpply' is tbe first Order of the' Day, Mr. Mann will probably begin bis remarks Boon after 2 o'clock. Obhst Steamehe.— The Orient sfceamihip City' cf tendon left Plymouth on July 3 and the John Elder on July 17 for the colonies, and we understand that the Orient Steam Naviga tion Compaty have chartered the s.s. Sultan roetdfly to follow the City of London on July SI the demand for passages being so great as to'tecf ssitate this step. 'We believe most of tbe wsjeEgOT, of whom the Sultan has 323, are booked for Sjdney, attracted thither probably fay the Internatrotal Exhibition. Eqcitt Cottet.— HJ3 Honor the Chief Justice will sit ifl Equity at 10 o'clock this forenoon Red deliver his reserved judgment in the suit of '? Hargrcivts v. Brown. Wout fob the UmncPLOTHB.— Fifty miners from Moonta are now on their way to town who, )n arrival, will be dispatched by tho Sngiaeer in-ChieF» Department to the worka in course ol instruction on the Nairne Railway. The con tractors of tbe Port Augusta Kailway, Messrs. Barry, Brooke?, & Fraser, havo posted notices on the trees all along the lino of tho works stating that tbey are in waut of 200 labourers and are willing to pay one shilling, per hour for filling ballast and a i-r»jx)rtiouaU:ly high rate for piece-work. NokTHKES Territori Gold. — We learn from the Minuter of Education that the £5,000 worth of Northern Territory gold purchased by the Government for exhibition at Sydney left Port Darwin with other exhibit* on August 2, per the s s. Tamt xa. GovsBXiuxr Tkmders.— The following ten ders were opened at the office of the Engineer in-Chief on Monday morning :— Cottage, cabin, &&, at Morgan, lix tenders opened, H. itathrea lowest ; engine running-shed, at Narracoorte, six tenders opened, Keaae & White lowect ; iro» girder* for Hallett and Terowie Railway, two tenders opened, J. Hooker lowest. At thoArchi ect-in-Chiefs Office :— Painting Marble Hill residence, six tenders opened, J. Flemmlng lowest; Balaklava police cell*, only one tender ,. received; Mount Gambiex Hospital atables, two tenders, T. Haig the lower. Ikbpectios or G*.s ajto Wathb Mbtbrs.— A report was presented by the Town Olerk at tbe meeting of tho City Council on Monday, sub mitting that it was desitable to obtain authority to remove the doubt* existing a* to meter registration, and recommending tbat a snort Act be prepared, based on the principles con tained in the Imperial Acts, enabling corporate bodies to test meters before we, and to regularly inspect them daring use, and generally to examine and test the quality of gas supplied, The Motot Gaxbieu a*d Ervou B&i; Bau trAT. — On Saturday Mr. T. Qiginbotham, tho Victorian Engineer, arrived by tbe Ooorong from tbe South- Kaatern District, where he bas been inspecting the above-mentioned railway. He bas prepared a report which will to-day be laid before the Select Committee who are now sitting to enquire into questions connected with the contraction of tbe line, and Mr. Higinboth&m; will attend to give evidence. Am Otter Habbotjb.— We bear tbat the Commission appointed by the Government to repert as to the site for an outer harbour availed itself of the use of the steamer Governor Huigrave on Monday, August 4, to examine the coast between the Fort Lighthouse and Marino. Bishop Sk&wyx.; — Tbe Bight Rot. John Richardson Selwyn, D.D., the Missionary Bishop of Melanesia, who is a passenger by tbe Garonne, took the opportunity on Monday, during the short stay of the steamer at the anchorage, to visit Birhop's Court. A Ltoatic at Pout Dabwih.— The Minister of Education bas received tbe following telo gram from tbe Government Resident at Fort Darwin :— ' There in a lunatic here, Alexander Reynolds, a maniac, and dangerous, I obtained a passage for him iu tbe s.s. Tamboora, but previous to sailing this morning his conduct was so violent tbat the captain ref UBed to take him, aod he has been brought on shore again. There is so power to keep him in gaol here, and there is no cell available, and bis yells keep tbe prisoners awake at night I fear no vessel will take him down to tbe Lunatic Asylum. I see no other course but to erect two rooms here to be used as a lunatic asylum, and engage a keeper.' Oafe iToETHi^nmEtAin) Liohthotjsh.— The Marine Boaid will visit Cape NorthumberUndV Lighthouse, leaving Port Adelaide in the Cover nor Muagrave this morning. The object is in connection with tbe reported instability of the structure. . Customs Seizure.— We have been informed that the Custom authorities seized a quantity of sugar found in Mr. Spritch's house at the Sema-. . phore, on August 2, the sugar being alleged to be part of the Glaslyn's cargo on a previous voyage. Taa Obimwax Sittings. — The Criminal Sittings for Angust commence this morning at 10 o'clock, before bis Honor the Chief Justice, All tbe prisoners will be arraigned, and then the ' Court will be adjourned till Thursday morning Thb Diamohd Compamt.— In our advertising columns it is notified that no application will be received for shares after Monday next. We are informed that the promoters hope to com mence active operations within a fortnight. Theatrical— We understand that an agree ment was entered into yesterday between Mr. George Rignold and Mr. James Allison (lessae of the Theatre Royal) for the production of '? Henry V.' on the London stage. SitB fob Railway Wobkshops.— A well attended meeting was held at the Salisbury Schoolroom last night to consider the desira bility of memorializing tbe Government to authorize the erection of the railway workshop* near Salisbury. Messrs. Harvey, Broadsiook, . Ve'rco, and Swann addressed tbe muting* and spoke of tbe mauy advantages tbe land at Salis bury, -which is about 100 yards from tbe railway station on the other side of the line, possessed over the other sites proposed. A motion Was carried affirming tbe desirability of the work shops being erected at Salisbury, and a deputa tion was appointed to bring the matter before the Commissioner of Public Works. Ebexszeb Chafbi* North Adhlaidb.— The anniversary services in connection with this chapel were held on Sunday, August 3, and werv - continued on the following day, when tea and public meetings were held. At tbe latter meeting Mr. J. D. Willshire, J.P., occupied the chair, and considering the wet night there was a good attendance. There were also present on the platform tbe Revs. T. McNeil, J. Foster, and J. Hancock. The Chairman stated that tbe pastor of the Church (the Rev. J. Way) was too - ill i to attend, but he had forwarded his report, which was read. The report stated that although the prosperity of the Church was - not all that could be desired, they had the satisfaction of knowing that the Word of God preached there had not been without result. The Bev. J. Haucock, in addressing tha meeting, referred to the long time Mr. Way had been connected with tbe Cburcb, and ex preseed the hope tbat the rev. gentleman would be sufficiently recovered to preach there next Sunday. The other gentlemen on the platform ? gave abort addresses. During the evening the choir sajg several hymns in a very creditable manner. , . .. ? THE FIRE AT PARKS'S. — The adjourned in quest on the fire which occurred at the shop of Mr. Parks in Rundle-street, on July 22, was held by the City Coroner on Monday morning, and the Follewing verdict was returned by the Jury : — ' We are of opinion that the fire occurred through Edwin Parks incautiously placing a lighted caudle too near the basket and paper on the counter.' The Jury added a rider to the effect tbat Parks should be highly cen sured for leaving the shop and candle in so careless a manner, and he was accordingly cen- . sured by the Coroner. THE VICE-ADMIRALTY COURT.— On Monday, . August 4, the Vice-Admiralty Court sat in the Supreme Court Buildings under the presidency of the Worshipful Judge the Chief Justice, - when tbe plea in the matter of tbe Nicaraguan barque Ccurier was brought in, after which the hearing was adjourned for another week. Pobt Rifxb Ci.vb — Ten members of the Club met at the Gianville Butts on Sator- ? day aftercson, August 2, for third-class ? firing, and twelve members assembled for practice of second-class distances. The distances were 100, 200, 250, and 309 yards, and each member had to make thirty-six points to pass from tho third into tbe second class. Five passed accordingly : — Privates J. B. Smith, 54 points ; W. Little, 45 ; Payne, 42; Marshall, 37 ; snd J. Darling, 37. The squad was iu charge of Corporal Masoz-. Thb Military Sports. — Active preparations are being made for the military sports which are to take place on the Oval to-morrow. The competitors in various events are training with more or less perseverance, and judging from the number of entries, the nature of tbe contests, and the evident enthusiasm about the whole affair, it will prove a highly iuter^stiug exhibi tion of skill and vigour. Wohbtiho Sheep to Death.— A few days ago Mr. John Chamber.1, of Richmond, had tweuty four sheep killed in his paddocks by dogs from Adelaide. Saib of Messes. Uobokiss St Co.'s Stocjc.— Wo learn that Messrs. G. & R. Will* & Co. bive purchased the entire retail and wholesale stocks of Messrs. J.Hoagkiss & Co, clrapers, Handle- : etrett. The precise amount Has not transpired Nohwoob Baptist Lecture Haix.— The Rev. S. Fairey will deliver a lecture on 'Father Tftjlor, the SaBor Preacher,' in this ball this evening. . . ;??'. ' , ' ; ^ '-' ' ', ? Adelaide Phiiosophicai fioctHiT.— Aineet- ng of this Society will be be!3 in theS. A. Ii ftitute tbis evening, when tbe following topers w»I beiead^AJistof Australian Star fibnw,'8«?:.J.K. ?«?? 'Vfao*. ?X.8nF.Oi3.; on ' Sunstroke,* Dr. J.'F.' Joyfte; and on' Unseam* in Anstolia,' by: Jir. K- Oooke, M.P. -. Ofhswo Mrsacua oh Schdats.— A. meeting of the electors of North Adelaide was held at the North Adelaide Temperance Hall on Monday evening, August 4, for the purpose of obtaining an expression of opinion upon the motion tabled by Mr. Fraser in the House of Assembly in respect to the opening of museums, libraries, and institutes on Sundays. There were about seventy electors present, and Mr. Cabel Peacock, M .P., took the chair. He explained that he had convened the meeting in compliance with the request of a number of his constituents, notwithstanding the fact that personally he wa's in favour of the proposed change. Mr. A. Gore led off the discussion which followed, and prin cipally directed his remarks to a criticism of ilx. Fraser's speech, from which he sought to prove that the object sought by that hon. mem ber's motion was uncalled for and undesirable. A number of other speakers followed, the argu ments against the innovation consisting princi pally of the battle cries of 'Preserve the Sabbath,' 'No Continental Sunday,' and ' Beware of ' the thin end of the wedge.' It was also urged that there had been to pressure from the outside public to cause Parliament to legislate on the subject, and that therefore Parliament had no right to so legislate. Mr. Gore moved a resolu tion to the effect that the opening on Sundays of all museums and institutes receiving public aid was uncalled for and undesirable. Mr. Grainger moved an amendment to the contrary effect, which was supported by several speakers. The meeting was very much divided in opinion throughout, and when the amendment was pu' as many hands were held np for it as against it The Chairman gave it as his opinion that th ? amendment bad been carried by a smal majority, which announcement was th signal for an outburst of most deafening jells. Several persons came forward and disputed the decision of the Chairman, who next proceeded, according to Parliamen tary practice, to put the original resolution. This time the hands were counted, and the Chairman decided that the ayes had a majority of three. He therefore made the ludicrous announcement that both the amendment and the resolution had been carried, adding that, such being the case, both parties ought to be satisfied. Whichever side claim the day, the victory may be set down as a very barren one. It may, however, be mentioned that a petition, protesting against Air. Fraser's motion, which is being circulated for signature amoDgst the electors of North Adelaide, is stated to have already been subscribed to by nearly 2,000 persons. Ptbuc Tkachees' Association.— The monthly committee meeting was held on August 2. Mr. TVJ. King occupied the chair. The Secretary reported that he had written to the teacher who Lad expressed his wish to withdraw from the benevolent scheme, the result of the explana tions being that the teacher had withdrawn his resignation. A letter was received from the Education Department te the effect that it was tot ilremed advisable to reopen the question re ii r. Koye's analysis. A letter was received from a legal firm, requesting the payment of the amount due from the benevolent scheme to the jerson claiming to be the representative of the Lite Sir. Moregreen. It was the opinion of the committee that the claimant had no legal right to the benefits arising from the scheme, and par fcnlar attention was drawn to the terms of the reteement signed by subscribers, viz., 'that the committee have the power of deciding who tv ere to be considered lawful'representatives in ciscs not specified by subscribers.' A sub committee, consisting of the Chairman, Trea surer, Secretary,, and Mr. 'Webb, was then formed to correspond with the parties in ques tion, and to report to the next meeting. A communication was received from another ttacher respecting the benevolent scheme. It was arranged to let the matter stand over. A letter v.-as received from a superannnat«d teacher for amount due from benevolent scneme. To stand over till next meeting. The Secretary reported that the balance-sheet for the latter half of 1878 had been signed.— The adjourned half-yearly meeting was held August 2. Mr. T. J. King filled the chair, and referred to the benefits which had accrued to the teachers generally from the efforts and representations made by the Committee of the Association. Several matters were referred to, embodied in the new regulations, which could be distinctly traced to the representations made by the committee in the past — one especially, that of raising the fixed stipend. There were several matters, however, which were still regarded by many as unsatisfactory, one being the regulations respecting evening schools. The delay in granting teachers' certificates was then discussed by the meeting. One teacher who was questioned explained that he had made personal application, but had not yet actually received his. It was considered that when a teacher was entitled to a certifi cate it should be awarded to him without requiiing him to m»ke implication for it. The question re the promotion of children to a higher class after the examination for results was next discussed. It was considered that teachers should have a discretionary power in certain cases, or that the Inspector should confer with the teacher on the subject. It was con tended that the standard was in many cases too ti tended, for- a year's study; that eighteen months was not too long, especially taking into consideration the irregularity of attendance. The desirability of having an. advanced class in piimary schools was then discussed. It was thought that it would be an advantage in many Iccalities if teachers were allowed a bonus for all who passed in such classes. The next question introduced, for discussion was the injustice of examining children for results who tv ere irregular in attendance. Instances were given in which teachers were required to present children for examination who had been less than a month in attendance daring the year. It was mentioned that no child was examined in the National Schools in England who had not attended 100 days in the year. Attention was drawn to the fact that even where the compulsory clauses were in operation in this colony children over thirteen years of. age, or who had passed the compulsory standard, -were required to be presented for examination, r.o matter how irregular their attendance may have been, and thus teachers suffered in reputa tion, arising from circumstances over which they had no control. It was resolved that the various matters discussed should bo taken up at the annual meeting. A vote of thanks to the Chairman dosed the proceedings. Citt Concert- — The business brought before this tody on Monday included an offer from the Government to pay one moiety of th ? cost of a fire-escape, on condition that the Corporation pay the other. After discussion the matter was referred to the Public Works Committee. It was decided by the casting: vote of the Mayor that the use o the Town Hall be allowed him for a series of twelve popular concerts to be held_ on Saturdays evenings. A clause authorizing the payment of all business-licence fees to the Corporations within the bounds of which they are issued was proposed fi-r insertion in the Municipal ' Corporations .Amendment Bill, and referred to the City Solid tors for approval. A motion by Councillor Jones in favour of the site for the sewage farm being at the Beedbeds was lost. North British akd Mkhcastilh Issttejlscb CojrpAaT. — We have received a copy of the report of this Company, of- which Mr. Herbert Evans is the Adelaide agent, for the year 16JS. The premiums in the fire department amounted to the large total of £915.196 Is. 3d^ against which the losses were £412,701 15s. 9d. In the life department 1,034 policies were issued, assuring no less a sum than £1,034,651, and producing new premiums to the amount of £33,022. The claims during the year reached ££M^43. The life assurance and annuity funds are now £2,852,566Y The balance from the fire lepartment for 1678 amounted to £237,047, out cf which a dividend of £2 per share has been declared, together with a bonus of £2 NK per share, representing & sum of £100,000 to_ be ' applied as an addition to the p*id-up capital. After paying this dividend and adding the £1CO,CCO to the paid-up capital, the fire reserve fund and premium reserve, including the balance of undivided profit, will amount to £I,15d.tJ90, showing, as compared with the year 1M7. an increase of £5),442. The Eeeiew of A pril 0 has a nattering notice of the succeatf ol vt.-iy in which the Company has been mansged, a cii sajs it has achieved a position 'equalled by U w and excelled by none.' Tup. Ektertaismkkt at St. Frixcis Xivibe!s Kaix.— We have been requested to publish the following letter written by the Rev. W.Prender gast :— ' It is time to correct a misunderstand ing respecting the object for which His Excel lency tee Governor and other gentlemen can senttd to patronise the entertainment to be j.ir«;n at the Town Hall on the evening of the 6th August. I requested His Excellency to allow his name to appear as patron of this enter tainment solely with a view of obtaining his support to the * Yoong Men's library' adjoining Sr. Francis Xarier's Hall. His Excellency kindly consented to do so. It subsequently occurred to me that the day on which the enter tainment was to be given is the anniversary of the birthday of Daniel O'ConnelL The poster « which have been placed about the city accord irzlv mentioned this fict. His Excellency. LoVever, did not consent to patronise any tntertainmeat having for its object the com rt.trr.oration of the birthday cf Daniel O'Connell, i-vd I vifib it to be distinctly understood that ihe latter announcement was simply an after thengbtof royown.' ADK1A173S HCST ClCB STBBPLICHAS3.— It Will t-' seen, by an advertisement in another place that the. usual meeting of the members of th* Hcut Clab to arrange for their popolaz annual steeplechases has been summoned for 4.30 pni. on Friday next, at the Globe. : Stbebt Accident. — On Monday afternoon a horse belonging to Mr. Dornwell, auctioneer, of Currie-street, bolted out of the stables of the John Bull Tavern in the direction of King William-street, where the animal came to grief by colliding with a horse and trap that were just turning the north corner of the two streets mentioned. The horse struck its right cheek against the ironwork of the splashboard and its shoulder against the wheel, being stunned by the force of the shock. The horse in the trap ssraBg clean out of the harness, and was thus uninjured. The occupant of the trap was a young lady, who, however, beyond a shaking and ita consequent fright, sustained no hurt. Upon examining the fallen horse it was found that his jaw was smashed and that his loins had been injured to such an extent as to render the hind limbs useless. All attempts to raise him upon his feet proved fruitless, and upon the arrival of Mr. Dornwell the animal's throat was cut and his carcase conveyed away. The trap, which belonged to Mr. Thos. Kcse, of East Stirling, storekeeper, received no damage beyond smashed dash and splash boards and the break age of the harness. The young lady who was driving was Mr. Hose's daughter, aud is to be commended for the coolness she displayed during and after the upset. South Acstealiau TrrooRAPnicAi. Society. — The annual general meeting of this Society was held in the Labour League Hall, Hindley street.on Saturday evening, August 2. There were about 60 members present, and the chair was ocenpied by the President (Mr. J.S. Knot). The balance-sheet, read by the Secretary, was highly satisfactory, there being a credit balance of £154. The election of officers for the ensuing year resulted as follows :— Prnident, Mr. J. S. Knox (re-elected) ; Vice-President, Mr. Tom E. Koach (re-elected) ; Auditors, Messrs. O. Ki^j Baldwinson and T. A. Reeves ; Trustees, Messrs. E. Ccod and J. O'D. Hennessy (re-elected); Committee, Messrs. Masters, Sloan, Kirkpatrick, Carr, and Brown. Mr. Philip Sansom's retire ment fiom the secretary and treasurerahip necessitated an election for the office, which resulted in the selection of Mr. J. B. Pow. A unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Samom for his past services. The considera tion of the proposed amended new rrles then took place, and, after several minor amendments, were unanimously carried. Some few rules were, however, reserved for the approval of the employers. Mr. W. Green's name waa added to the Rules Revision Committee in place of Mr. Pow. It was suggested that an annual gathering of the members of the Society should be held at some future date, and that any profits accruing therefrom should be devoted to augmenting the Mortality Fund. Votes of thanks to the retiring officers closed the meeting. Theateb Royal. — The historical drama ' Jane Shore,' was repeated on Monday night at the Theatre Royal to an audience somewhat thinned by the rain. Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis in the title-role played the part of the disgraced, persecuted, and penitent mistress of Edward IV, with es much force as on her first appearance, and was even better in some points, especially in the painful scene where she seeks the forgive ness of her wronged hDsband. She succeeded in enlisting the sympathies of her audience almost throughout the play, and particularly in the closing scene, where her misery and punish ment end together. Mr, Thome was easy and natural as tna sturdy, honest. British baker, Grist, who pays the forfeit of hi3 sterling ten derness with his life. The other characters were sustained with more or less credit by the rest of the company ; and the drama, which went very steadily, created a good impression. Mrs. Lewis was called before the curtain at the clo3e o! every act. The play of 'Jane Shore' will_ be given again to-night ; and on Wednesday evening the performance will be under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and the officers of the Y.BLF. Ghast3 vx Aid of ParvAXB Scbscriptioks —At the meeting of the City Council on Monday a letter was read from the Commissioner of Crown Lands notifying that' in future Corpora tions and District Councils would be required to obtain his approval previous to incurring any expenditure of private subscriptions upon public works, and that the subscriptions would have to be paid before his approval was sought. The Major intends to call a meeting of the various Majors in the colony in order to obtain, if pos sible, some modification of these terms, and the attention of the District Chairmen's Association is also to be directed to the subject. FibeatPobtAdbiaidb.— A fire broke out at Mr. Jackson's barber's shop, on the Commercial road, Port Adelaide, at 3 o'clock on Msnday morning, and destroyed the stock and gutted the building. The building and stock are insured in the Imperial Fire Insurance Company. The City Coroner has been communicated with, and an inquest will be htld at 4 o'clock .this after ncsn. Obtham Hohh.— The annual meeting of the subscribers of the Orphan Home was held at the Church Office, Leigh- street, on Monday afternoon, August 4, and His Excellency the Governor presided. A satisfactory report and balance-sheet were presented and adopted, and the officers for the ensuing year were elected. The proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to His Excellency. The Commissioner of Chows Laud's An BASQBHBMT with CORPORATIONS. — The circular of the Commissioner with regard to the ex penditure of moneys derived from private sources was read at the last meeting of the Cnley Corporation, and strongly spoken against. It was agreed to co-operate with the Adelaide Corporation with a view to wait upon the Cem Tnisaioner at an early date. Whitb's Booms.— D'Arcy Bead's ghost enter tainment was well attended last evening, and received with applause. At the close of the performance there was a distribution of gifts. Stiflchosekst. — Our Teuton fellow-colonists held one of their pleasant 'gentlemen's socials'1 at the National Hotel on Monday evening.' It is needless to say that the singing was good, for the Germans are proverbially choice in their musical selections, and that the large numbers present seemed thoroughly to enjoy the treat that, was provided for them. The three Singing Clubs — the Leiderkranz, the Fidelitas, and the Quattett-verein— each sang part-songs, and solos were given by Herren Delmann, Christen, Waschaz, and other gentlemen. TBjrPBKAjtcE Haix, Kobth Adelaide. — A musical and dramatic entertainment will be given in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide this evening, in aid of St. Laurence's Church Choir Fund. Fresbytbhiax Chtjhch, Poet Adeludh.— A Service of Song will be given in this church this evening. Fajict-Dress Ball. — Mr. Molton's plain and fancy dress ball will take place in the Town Hall this evening. Cbbistux Chapel, Gbote- strbkt.— Tea and public meetings in connection with this chapel will be held this evening. Mr. Fbasbr's Motiox. — There was nothing (remarks the Australasian) to wound the suscep tibilities of the stanchest Sabbatarian in the speech with which Mr. Fraeer the other day; introduced in the South Australian Parlia ment a resolution affirming the desirability of opening on Sunday afternoons the reading- j rooms and museums of all institutes receiving' aid from the Government. Mr. Fraeer pro fessed to have been himself trained, under a rigid Presbyterianism, to what most people would consider a strict observance of Sunday. But it was in the interests of the working classes, the majority of the people, that hie brought forward his motion. He referred to the increasing support the kindred move ment was receiving in England from all classes and all shades of taooght. When we see how widely this movement is spreading in .English communities, and how it has in prac tice failed to produce any of the evil effects anticipated from it, while opening up a means of pleasant and harmless recreation to those who sorely need it, wa cannot doubt that the reform will become general at no distant date, and that the next generation will, in the enjoy ment «f this liberty. -smile at the tenor of those who Me in this small matter the advance shadow of social -disorder and universal irreligioa. WoHSisa on Scsdat. — We observe from a report in the Argus that at the Kew Police Court on Wednesday foar Chinese gardeners were proceeded against, under an Act of Charles II., for working in their gardens on the *ord's Day, and were each fined 2B.«Sd. and 10s. certs. «? Costto?ion8 ar THETEoro.— Thenurccrj hoa co more fcmocent help th»o Mrs. Johnscc. Sootiiins Svrnp. which, applied to*ke Infant's Gums, relieves the pain aad prevents Conndtions. Contalia ioeucoUc See fee name of ' Bard*y & Sons, F«r ringdon-street, London,' Is on the stop. Sold by al Chemists, »t 2s. 3d. a bottle. Ajents. Mats and GtYEB_Adel Jde, ' ' 3 CaT' VAitfiBLH Descotbht fob thh Hira. — If your hair Is turning grey or white or falling off use 'Tlis Mexican Hair Benewer.' for it Teulposi tittly restore in «-rry caaigrty or tchiU hair to its original colour without leaving the diiasreeab! nsell of most ?* Eestoran.' . It makes tn« n»ir charmingly beactifnl, as well ?* promoting the growth of the haii on b&Id; (pots wfcare the glands are not decayed. Aik yotr Cbemkt tor 'Thx Mkxicak Haib Bekkwer,' prepared by Hetbt a Gaixcp. 193\. (Mcrd-ttreet. London, and soid by Chemiits and Ferfomcxs everjwbere at Sl Sd. per Eottle. ..'.???? 2SHtS73r» ET Oce Hundred Horses of the very farour ab j- known JAT. (conjrfned) brand will be Sold at the Start Bazaar This Day, at ? o'clock. Barker and Chambers,. Aac^cntei?, 