Charles James Mathews.* Light reading — a phrase which, a few years ago, many ?well-meaning but imperfectly-educated people pronounced in sad tones, thereby implying that light reading was wicked reading — has become one of the most imperious necessities of modern life. More and more the strain of earning an income is put upon brain rather than upon muscle. Every year handi craft is lessened, machinery being invented to perform multitudinous kinds of- brute labour, and mental toil is increased- How many Australians c^rry weary brains to their homes every evening — brains that are incapable of heavy reading,of study in the severe sense of the word, and that would only be irritated by the bare prospect of it ! To all such a light book — one that is easily read — one that is not sprinkled with difficult problems — one that does not consist of massive chains of argumentation — one which, on the other hand, liberates the imagination that business has imprisoned, or is pervaded by the genial humour that i6 so refreshing. to every wearied but healthy nature — a book which imposes no labour, but com municates much exhilaration— is, we repeat, one of the imperious necessities of life. A light book may be other than a story. It maj be poetry, it may be history, it may be science, it may be biography : for lightness is a versatile element. What we wish to emphasize is that a book that is wholesome, but is not heavy, has an enormous power of blessing the people who are nightly exhausted by their 'daily duties. Thisbywayof brief introduction. We hastento bring under our readers1 notice a light biography whichisone of the most delightful books which recent mails have brought to Australian libraries and book stores. It is a very faithful transcript of a very sunshiny life Charles Dickens (son of the great novelist, of course) has simply edited the materials entrusted to his care. The first volume is entirely autobiographical; and, as to the eeeond, the editor says: 'It has been my endeavour throughout to discover, from the indica tions left by himself, on what lines he would probably have constructed the work had he lived to complete it, and especially, where it was at all possible, to allow him to tell his own story, in hisown way.andinhisown words.' And it must be admitted that Charles James Mathew6 had a rare genius for 'telling his own story.' The genial humour with which he was accustomed to talk about himself had always an irre sistible charm forthosewho listened to therecital. For instance, at the dinner given to him in London, on January 10, 1870, previous to the Australian trip that is so well remembered here, he himself occupied the ? The Lifeof Charles James Mathews, chiefly Autobiographical, ?with Selections from sis Correspondence and Speeches. Edited 1-7 Chora, Sickens. In bra volumes. London : Nacmillan and chair, and proposed his own health in words such as these: — 'I venture to assert, and I think I may do so without vanity, that a fitter man than myself to propose the health of our guest could not be found ; for I venture also empha tically to affirm that there w no man so well acquainted with the merits and demerits of that gifted individual as I am. (Laughter and cheers.) I have been on the most intimate terms with him from his earliest youth. (Laughter.) I have watched over and assisted his earliest youth. (Laughter.) I have watched over and assisted his progress from childhood upwards— (much laughter)— have shared in all his joys and griefs, and I assert boldly, and am proud to have this opportunity of publicly declaring, that there is not a man on earth for whom I entertain so sincere a regard and affection. (Laughter.) Indeed, I don't think I go too far in stating tbathehas an «qual affection for me. (Laughter.) He hasoome to me for advice over and over again, under the most embarassine circumstances— (laughter)— and, what is still more re markable, he has always taken my advice in preference to that of anyone else. (Renewed laughter.) But, having §?* w'w far, I find myself stopped by a most formidable difficulty. After having declared myself the bosom friend of _our distinguished guest, I fear that the high encomiums If eel it my duty as well as my inclination to pile upon him wholesale may be open to suspicion — I may be accused of partiality. Those stupendous compliments which I consider so strictly his due — (laughter)— may be considered fulsome and overdone — the foolish emanations of a too ardent admirer. (Laughter.) No, gentlemen, in justioe to my friend I must leave to others the showering of those elaborately-constructed eulogies which cannot fail to rain upon the head of the beloved companion of my youth, fearing Jonly that, as no one but myself knows half his amiable qualities, his wonderful gifts, his astounding talents, and his resplendent genius, ;no one will be frond capable of doing half justice to the merits of this remarkable man.' It is not our purpose to collect from these volumes the principal facts — the developments and wander ings — of a life wkichcontributed pleasure to thousands ; we desire rather to make a few characteristic quota tions which will tempt the reader to get hold of the book in its entirety. The keynote of the autobiography is struck in the first paragraph :— ' ' Gibbon, the historian, was said to have hadno Rose at all, only an apology for one, and Cibber calls his autobiography in the same sense, an * Apology ' for his life, not de»ming the work sufficiently complete to bear its more extended meaning. But it is not with this signification that I offer an apology for mine : I give it in its literal and simple acceptation, for, if ever any man's life needed an apology, mine is the one. I have flown in the face of the world and its prejudices— have followed my own course through good and evil in my own way — have set at defiance what are generally denominated the laws of propriety — and have for feited all claim to what is called by the world respectability. I have been put down for a reckless, extravagant, devil may-care fellow; without principle or feeling; and though I have been fortunate enough to retain popularity through all my difficulties, and in spite of these universally believed failings, I cannot shut my eyesto the conviction that I have merely enjoyed the same sort of sympathy with that granted to the scapegrace Charles Surface, that amusement at my audacity has been in great measure the secret of the constant support and indulgence I have been favoured, with. Now, I have a much better opinion of myself than the world at large entertains, and I am bold enough — or perhaps vain enough — to think that when I have told my own story, and have laid bare all the various motives and moving accidents that have swayed me in my career, it will be found I have not been such a bad fellow after all ; and though a total disregard of the opinion of the world has certainly pervaded every action of my life, that disregard has only extended to what I chose to consider prejudices of society, andhas never proceeded from callousness as to conduct resulting from want of honour or feeling. That I have laughed, and still laugh, at the poor, timid, conventional notions of a large portion of my fellow-men I confess, but I have the highest respect for all that is really good and worthy of admiration, and never have I for a moment lost sight of what I have considered essential to the position of a gentleman. It will be found, perhaps, as we proceed, that my notions on this subject are peculiar, and probably will not be accepted by the world. This I can't help ; but at anjr rate, in duty to myself, I «m anxious to state my case plainly, and have my character, such as it is, clearly understood. I have grinned through all my trials, and nave allowed no one to witness those moments of depression and agony that I have suffered in private. With a light heart, a good digestion, a cheerful mind, excellent health, and an independent spirit, I have been able to cope with irretrievable misfortunes, and preserve my equilibrium in the midst of the many social earthquakes, which, had I been a ( serious man,' and ' highly respectable,' would most probably have driven me to despair.' . His 'dear old grandfather' was, he says, a parson, and he was destined by Mb parents — actors, be it re membered — to be an Anglican clergyman ; but that ' destiny' was early got rid of, and he mastered the profession of an architect, only to find, however, that the bias of his nature impetuously swept him into the ranks of which his father was so distinguished a member. Let those who mouth class denunciations of actors and actresses know that the elder Mathews and his wife had a profound reverence for religion, and, so far as their ambitions were concerned, gave their only child to the pulpit. In 1849 his mother wrote a memorandum for her son, who was then 46 years of age, which shows that the stage is not neces sarily alien to sincere piety : — ' I herein enjoin my beloved son to keep the following volumes always at hand in his dressing-room, on a shelf appropriated to them ; and I solemnly conjure him never to omit reading some portion daily of their contents. Thev will be an ever-renewing source of lasting good, and wiil inculcate better than a mother s homilies, which are apt to be regarded as matters of course, the lessons that point to present and future happiness. They will, from time to time, remind him that his eternal welfare is inseparably annexed, to' the temporal use and acknowledgement of his Creator's goodness, accompanied by a constant homage and firm belief in the Triune God, and trust and . dependence upon his blessed Saviour's merits and sacrifice, remembering that His promises are eternal as our future state, and can only benefit those of perfect faith and the performance of good words. Let him remember that ' Only the Just can see God.' ' The books will be found upon the shelves at my bed side,, and are as follows : The Holy Bible (the last book in the hands of the dying father) ; his father's Prayer Book ; Law's Serious Call ; Baxter's Saints' Rest ; Bishop Andrew's Devotions ; Ditto in MS. ; Jeremy Taylor ^abridged) . Logan' e Sermons ; Mr. Iron's Sermons ; Thomas a Kempis ' Sabbath Book; ore, &c.;, &c.;' The following incident of his boyhood, illustrating how he could hold his own in an encounter of wit, he has narrated at length : — One lovely summer's afternoon, after church, I had strolled intoa field at the back of the cottage, through which, over a stile, led a narrow footpath, much used as a lovers' walk. Lying upon the grass with a book in my hand, I was enjpving the calm repose, when a couple advanced who evi dentlv 'did not belong to the usual class of ' Sunday outers.' I at once recognised the handsome Harry Johnston, then the ' leading man,' as it is technically termed, at Drury Lane, with a pretty young actress of the name of Burton, whom I had often admired behind the scenes. When I say 'Burton,' I wish it to be distinctly under stood that I withhold the real name from motives of extreme delicacy, seeing that the young lady may be still alive -(aged, probably, about eighty), and this allusion to her early indiscretion might possibly injure her prospects in life. Of course I took no notice of them, but continued my read ing. Harry Johnston, however, was playfully inclined, and sauntered up to me with a smile upon his handsome face and the voting lady on his arm. 'Well, my little man,' said he, in a bantering tone, ' what have vou got there P Homer, I suppose, or perhaps the Greeb Testament? That's a good boy.' ' No,' said I ; ' it's only a novel.' ' Bad Sunday. reading, young gentleman.' ' Oh,' said I, ' one may do worse things than read novels on Sundays.' ? 'Thafs true, uy young friend. I see you area philoso pher. And what's the novel you are so much interested in?' ' It is called the ' Ghort Seer,'' said I. ' Ah ha ! And who recommended you such rubbish as that?' ' Lord Byron,' said I. ' He speaks of it as one of the best 'works of fiction he ever read.' ' So vou read Lord Byron too, do you ?' ' Oh'yes,' said L ; ' don't you ? ' ' Well, now and then ; but never on Sundays. Then I always prefer Dr. Watts.' ' That's more than I do.' 'No,' said he; 'you prefer ghost stories. But what would you do if you saw the ghost of your schoolmaster coming across the fields at this moment ? ' 'Oh, I don't know,' said I. 'About the same that Miss Burton would do if she saw Mrs. Harry Johnston coming over the stile.' The effect was electrical. They looked at each other for a moment without speaking. At last the gentleman, trying to appear unembarrassed, said : ' So you know me, do you, young man ? ' ' I don't say so.' ' No,' said he, ' but you ? ' The young lady at this moment, with more discretion than her companion, pulled his arm suddenly, suggesting a retreat without further explanation. ' Good-bye, youngster,' said the gentleman laughing ; ' you don't mind telling me your own name, I suppose.' ' Not at all,' raid I ; ' I will tell you with pleasure— the next time we meet.' ' Come along,' said the young lady, with another pull, and away they went, looking very foolish, and no doubt completely puzzled. It was some time before I happened to encounter him again, when I was formally introduced to him by my father as the ' Ghost Seer.' 'Ah ha!' said he, ' the mystery is solved at last. The young rascal ! He gave me a pretty lesson. I have never chaffed a boy since.' Even in thoBe pathetic chapters which relate the popular comedian's financial difficulties the geniality of the man bursts through everything. And he had difficulties. Witness this story : Even the borrowing money at sixty per cent, is not so easy an operation as some people may think, nor unat tended with risk and worry, worse even than the frightful percentage. When not compelled to take a portion of it in wine or paving- stones, the getting the money when you want it is by no means sc simple. I remember after a week or two of very hot weather, and consequent empty benches, I had occasion to borrow a couple of hundred pounds to patch up the Saturday's treasury. I applied to a professional discounter on the Wednesday. 'Ah, Mr. Mathews! How d'ye do, Mr. Mathews? Glad to see you. Have a glass of sherry ? ' 'No, thank you. . I want a couple of hundred pounds to-morrow.' ' Certainly, Mr. Mathews, withpleasure, Mr. Mathews. How long do you want it for ? Have a glass of sherry 'i ' ' Say three months.' 'What security?' ' None.' ' Very gcod. I must have a warrant of attorney.' ' Of course.' ' All right, Mr. Mathews. Look in at twelve to-morrow and I'll have it ready. Bo have a glass of sherry ! ' Without the slightest belief in any such promptitude, I looked in at twelve — one of his great points being to have my carriage drive up to his door as often as possible, that his neighbours might see his importance. ?'Well, Mr.Mathews, I find I can't manage the £200. I can only let you have £150. I had no idea I was so short at my banker's— account actually overdrawn. But I've got a friend to do it for you— it's all the same.' Sheridan's ' unconscionable dog ' of a friend was always sure to figure in. ' He'll be here directly. Bless me ! How long he is. Have a glass of sherry ? Are you going back to the theatre ? I'll bring him with me in half an hour.' The day passes of course, and no sign of either my friend or my friend's friend. This is Thursday. On Friday the same scene. ' Didn't come till too late— but all right. You don't want it till to-morrow, you know. What's your treasury hour ?' 'Two.' ' Be here at twelve and it shall be ready.' Saturday at twelve. 'Here I am according to ap pointment.' ' All right, Mr. Mathews: Have a glass of sherry ? My nephew Dick is gone to the city for the cheque.' ' But it is past one now.' ' You go on. I'll be with you as the clock strikes two. Two, three, four o'clock, and no signs of the money, the salaries remaining unpaid to the amount promised. Then a note to say he will be with me at six to the moment. At seven, just as I am going on the stage, in he comes breathless. ' Such a job Dick's had for you, Mr. Mathews ! How ever, here I am with the money. My friend disappointed me, but I managed without him. My nephew will read over the warrant of attorney.' ' But I'm just going on the stage ; there's no time now.' ' Won't take five minutes. i)ick, read the warrant. Now here is the money. Now, let's see — £15 left off the old account.' ' Oh pray don't deduct that now.' ' Better, Mr. Mathews, better, keep all square, you knew— that's ;£15. Then the interest, three months, £17 10s. and £15— £32 10s. Warrant of attorney, £7 10s.— that's £40. Then my nephew's fee, £1 Is., and my trouble say £1— £42 Is. Here's 15s.— that's £42 16s. Dick, have you got* 4s. ?' ' I've got 3s. 6d.' 'That will do. I've got 6d.— that's £43 ; and £7 cash makes the £50.' ' Yes ; but I only get £7 odd.' 'Nevermind— keeps all square. Now the £100. Here's a cheque of Gribble and Co. on Lloyds for £25 10s.' 'Oh, what's the use of a cheque at this time of the night?'. ' Good as the bank — same as money — you can pay it. as money. Fifty sovereigns makes £?5 10s., and a £10 note makes £85 10s. Stay, it ought to be £95 10s. Oh, here's another £10 note, I'd forgot. There you are, £95 10s. Only wants £4 10s. to make up the hundred. You have't got £4 10s. about you, have you, Mr. Mathews, you could lend me till the morning, just to get it straight you know?' ' I believe I have. There are four sovereigns and ten shillings in silver.' ' That's all right ; £4 makes £99 10s., and 10s.— stop, let's count them — count after your own father, as the saying is — five and four's nine, and three fourpeny pieces ; all right. Stop, one's a threepenny. Got a penny? Or a post-office stamp ? Never mind, I won't be hard upon you- for the penny. There you are, all comfortable. Good evening.' I paid away the cheque 'as money.' Twodays afterwards I got an indignant note to say the cheque had been dishonoured. In high dudgeon I sent for my friend the discounter. To my surprise he appeared with the greatest alacrity. ' Not paid! Gribble's cheque not paid! Some mis fake-— it's as good oh the bank. Here, give it- me. I'll get it for you in five minutes. How long shall you be here ? ' 'An hour.' ' I'll be back in twenty minutes.' Need I pay that I ever saw anything more of my friend or the cheque? He had totally disappeared, with the only proof against him safe in his pocket. This is one of many similar instances, and is in no way over-coloured. The letters, which make up a large part of these volumes, are models of manly cheerfulness, but they are excelled by the speeches. With a sample of the latter — a fragment of the speech he delivered when entertained by the Athenauun Club in Melbourne in 1870 — we conclude our extracts : — '. I am most anxious to playbefore an Australian audience. It will be a new sensation, though in spite of all Captain Standish has said, I begin to doubt whether there is a real Australian, for all here— -literally all the people I have met — appear to be English. I seem to have known them ' all, and they all seem to know me. (Cheers.) Some of them I must have seen before, and only now renew ^T ~~ tance. I suppose I have really met with nearW M'*nain- before. (Applause.) As for the phrases 'I kIt^61^011^ know my uncle,' 'My brother was a friend of Wfi?«.m nephew,' *My sister knew your uncle' -v tatter'R married my wife's uncle's widow,' ? Hv uncle vjf condn father's second cousin,' why, things of that kind* yont in every mouth. Also that I have remembrances T! ?e lived next door to you at Fulham' «i ^that 1 the same hotel with you in Manchester^, t '? went into the Lyceum with an order t£ '^ play' — (great laughter)— 'My brother-ik-wf8,,^ pleasure of serving you with a writ in CWnt rZ,^ (Laughter.) These are details of what constant! tt6apfel1-' (Laughter.} EjenbeggingletterearenoTwS0^ remind one of the mother-country. (LauehwT *T? claims are indisputable. ' I had the honour rf nlJ0'* York the day after you finished your engaRemeinfj^ at five shillmgV-(kughter)-'Mv ***%£%££? ** at Drury Lane when yon were playing at the Haim i lend me half-a-crown' — (renewed laughter) ? « T lSfij1'' the same house at Manchester ihe week before vo!wi at it^-five-and-sixpence.' Such touches of aahnili ..' whole world kin!' (Great laughter.) ^ '^ ^ ^^ ? IM 