A NEW SPIRITUALIST SENSATION. ! From onr Snecial CorresriondenLi London. January 17. Happening to be in Edinburgh lately, I had the pleasure of assisting at a seance of auti spiritaalista, which is canning curses both loud and deen amonir the mediums. The demon strator was a young American, Mr. W. J. Bishop, a godson of that most genial of essayists, Wash ington Irving. A good account of him — the first published in this country — was given by Dr. Carpenter in his article on ' Psychological Curio? ities of Spiritualism,' in Franks Maga tint of November, 1877. Mr. Bishop was already a famous m&n; in America, or rather a famous youth, for he had hardly completed his curri culum at Harvard. He is the son of an eminent lawyer in New York, and a friend whom he dearly loved having been driven mad by the mediums, Mr. Bishop covenanted with himself that he would leave no stone unturned to ferret out the whole imposture. The latest wonder at that time (1S75) was Eva Fay, who had been over here in London reaping a golden harvest frem the incredulous. I remember very well the noise made by her wonderful performances. Without any accessories, and with her cabinet in full gaze of her audience, she performed in a minu:e or two feats which the Davenport Ercthers had required half an hour to accomplish. She allowed herself to be bound and the cabinet to be watched while tambourines were played inside, hands were shown over the top of the cabinet, and spirit messages were written on slates. At the clo«e the committee had always to certify to the aidiencethat Miss Fay's bandages were intact and had evidently never been moved. There could have been no confederate ; there could haTe been no action of hers ; there was consequently ro explanation but the gruesome one [she chose to give— that the tambourine playing and the other noises were all super natural. Miss Fay was gladly welcomed by the spiritualists, or spiritists, as they are styled now. She was taken up by Mr. Crookei the stanch asserter of psychic force and of tbe supernatural in science. He bad her repeatedly at his house, and defied the whole Royal Society to explain away her miracles on rationalistic principles. The scientific sceptics wanted ocular evidence. ' Let Fay,' they say. 'perform her miracles outside her cabinet, and we will believe them.' She steadily declined tint challenge, however, as insulting and repellant to the spirits. Then Mr. Crookes devised a teat which was to be as good as seeing her during the manifestations. Sir William Thomson had invented a beautiful instrument — the galvanometer — by 'which the strength of an electric current could be accurately measured. Suppose tbe index needle were at zero and the electric enrrent were passed through a deflecting medium, such as the human body, the disturbance would be indicated by a deflection of the needle. Mr. Crookes and Mr. Varley, the well- known cable electri cian, applied light to the needle so ai to make it throw a shadow on a graduated scale, reproducing every deflection, however minute or transient. A proposal was then made to the Boyal Society and all whom it concerned that Miss Fay should be placed in an electric circuit thus formed, and that the fixity of the needle should be considered proof positive of her being also fixed. The galvanometer was placed in front ef the audience, and tbe wires forming the circuit were conveyed into the dark chamber used by Miss Fay. There two handles were attached to them, which sue had to lay hold of. As soon *s she did so the shadow of the needle on the graduated scale — which was also of course [in the auditorium— exhibited a ttxoDg deflection. In its deflected, position it remained until she was authorized to iet go the handles ; and meanwhile the manifestations proceeded in the usual lively manner of the spirits. Not only were tambourines played and bells rung, but a spirit form handed out books to the Committee. A distinguished zeologitt would receive a copy of Darwin, a geologist a volume of Lyell or Murchison, and a physiolo gist a work of Carpenter. There was no arguing with the galvanometer; its evidence was as conclusive as eyesight itself— perhaps to some of the scientists present rather more to Mr. Ciooke* was triumphant, and Miss Fay returned to Aintrica in a blaze of spiritual glory. Happily tbe Americans do not allow their cleverness to run all in the same chaunel. A few of them think that honesty is the best policy, and they pursue it with as much smart ness as their friends do the opposite maxim. Mr. Bishop heard of the galvanometer test, which the Royal Society had practically ad mitted to Ye unanswerable. He was, like Edison, an electrician, and be set his brain to work to detect what he believed to fee the certain trick in the manifestation. Some of Mr. Edison's assistants and the principal electrician of the Western Union Telegraph Company amnted him, and in a short time he hit on the secret. By interposing an electro- magnet he produced the same effect on the electric circuit as the human body did. All he had to do now was to sdjnst the electro-magnet so that it might by some «ecret agency be brought into play af- ti» proper moment. In this also he iifcee'ed, :-ud it was thus demonstrated tbat Ai tie Eva Fay had nofe recessirily been fixed to the electric handles all the time the spirits were performing their gambols. On Miss Fay's return to the States lie became acquainted with her and imde her aware of the detection. I have it from himself that she has to some exiert 'roundei' on her London accomplices, and made revelations which will be awkward for Mr. Crookes. He has in his possession a paper, tearing Miss Fay's signature, which leave* no doubt that the learned savans were taken in during the summer of 1876. Mr. Bishop, on the requisition of a large number of clergy men ax d n edical men, gave a public demonstra ti-m in New York of a variety of mediumistic tricks. In the autumn he wa' invited to Boston, where his exposure of the* cabinet and other swindles «a» lecuved with delight, and gained tie approval of men like Oliver Wendell Holmes. Dr. Carpenter, who has for many years interested himself in tracking every new swind'e cf tbe mediums, invite 1 Mr. Bishop to visit him in England. Under his auspices the '« galvanometer test,' was exhibited to Professor Huxley and a cumbar of other authorities, wbo recognised it *» a complete refutation— to say the least of it— of il'. Crookca's argu ment tbat Miss Fay could not possibly have moved awsy from the handles. Under their advice he went down to Edinburgh in the hope of being allowed to give a preliminary demonstration in the University ijiere. He had introductions to Dr. Arthur Mitchell, a zealous ftnti-eptritist, who took his Kusinew in hand very readily. He stw Pro testor Tait, one of tbe most accomplished physicists of the day, and joint author of that marvellous book, 'The Unseen Universe.' When the galvanometer tea' was«xplaiaa.l to him the Professor roared with laughter, as he has a gift of doing; he is as grea' iu humour as in physics. Application was made to the senatus for the use of his classroom for th* demon stration, but some technical difficulty occurred to prevent ita being granted. Mr. Bishop, nothing daunted, offered to give a seance in the dining-saloonof his hotel. The Principal of the University, Sir Alexander Grant, »ud most of the scientific professors accepted invitation*. The principal clergy, Catholic, Episcopal, and PreabyteriaB, readily joined the company. In tbe front row tbe Homeric-looking Blackie sat in an armchair beside the portly Archbishop Strain, who, rumour «ajs, is to be nude a Cardinal cbortly. Crum Brown, the most learned and cautions of chemists; Ruther ford, the vivisecting pbyoiologist, whom every old lady who has lost a cat thinks should be tried for homicide ; Lord Curriebill, the most affable of Whig Judge) ; and the Rev. Walter Smith, the only poet wbo can bear the chilling atmosphere ot the Free Church, were all eager witnesses of the performance. I should perhaps stop here if Mr. Bishop were likely to visit Adelaide, as it would be unfair to you to ttke the cream off hi* disclosure* ; bat, he says that this is positively hi* last year at the business, and if yon are not told about him now you may be permanent losers. The gal vanometer test was illustrated by Professor Tait, who vouched for the accuracy of tbe nrociss. and also for the inffirionrv nf Mr. BUhop's explanation. Mr. Bishop himself then assumed the lead, starting with a very beautiful experiment to illustrate what Sir David Brewster and others have called ' unconscious cerebiation.' Archbishop Strain wm requested to write on a slip of paper the name of a deceased person and four or fire numerals, then to seal it up in an envelope and put it in his pocket. A length of thin wire— twelve or four teen feet long— wai- produced, and one eud o! it placed in the left hand of the Archbishop. Mr. Bishop, taking the other end, passed it over tbe tip* of the fingers of his right hand aud across his brow. Hating been blindfolded, he] began to recite the numerals one, two, three, four, &c; At (even he turned back and repeated four, five, six, theu named five as tbe first number. In his second round he selected seven, and so on till he had the required number. Repeating the alphabet in the same way he picked out the first letter of the name ou the slip, going over them again until he had got four letters, when he guessed that the name was ' Scott.' On examination of tbe Archbishop's slip both the numbers and the name were correct. The Archbishop was more puzzled about the numbers, because he said he had forgotten them himself. Mr. Bishop con sidered the illustration all the better for that, as the Archbishop's mind had acted without his cognizance, and his nerves responding to the mention of the figure or letter had agitated the wire perceptibly enough for Mr. Bishop to feel it in full sway. Afterwards came the conjuring. Mr. Bishop had his wrists bound as tightly as he could bear with hospital bandages, ono on each wrist. The bandages were sewed to his shirt sleeves, and tied together behind. They were next tied to a strong iron ring inserted in the wall, where he sat on a camp stool. His legs were bound firmly to the stool, which was nailed to the floor, and his neck w»h also bandaged to the wall. As he sat in view of the company you would have thought it wan absolutely impossible for him to move a quarter of an inch up or down, to the right or to the left. A tambourine was placed on his knees con taining several small bells, whistles, and other noisy instruments. A curtain waa raised, the pianist struck up a dance tune, and instantly the whistles were heard squealing, the bells ringing, ami the tambourine dramming. In iuother second the bells were flying over the curtain on to the floor outside. In the second illustration a heavy bucket wan placed ou his knee; tbe curtain rose for a second, fell, and the bucket was on his bead. Number Three. — A tambourine, with a glass of wine on it, was placed on his knee. The, lui w»iu luae auu icu agmu, uuu UK uau bllo ginss in his mouth, swallowing the water. Number four was an answer to a challenge he bad received from Russell Wallace, the naturalist, who is also a spiritist, to tie a bandage round his neck with a .ring on it while in the cabinet. A strip of hospital cotton was placed round bin neck by the attendant with the ends crossed on his breast. A ring was put in his mouth, and the curtain ascended. This time the interval was perhaps a minute or two, and when it fell Mr. Bishop sat with the bandage tied very tight and the ring on it. It had to be cut off, and the ends were passed round among the company. Illustration five.— Two small boirds and a hammer were placed on a chair beside bim. In half a minute he had driven a nail through both boards. The last two dark performances were nude with a gentleman inside the curtain. He nat close to Mr. Bishop, wit h his left hand on his forehead and his right on his thigb. He bad to allow bimself to be blindfolded, but he was to report to the company if he felt any movement of Mr. Bishop's head or legs. A violin, a flute, and iome bells were put in as before, and on the curtain rising the bells began to fly about again When it dropped the violin was seen lying on the gentleman's shoulder, and be reported tbat be felt himself tapped by a hand on the arm. face, aad bead, his own hands being all tbe while on Mr. Bishop. At this stage Mr. Bi-jion offered to perform iu full view of the company any of the feats they might select. Ho explained beforehand that they were done partly by physical contortion and partly by sheer strength of forearm. The com pany asked for tbe necktie feat, aud at bis request a doctor stood beside him. The fact was, as be let out afterwards, be waa afraid of fainting before he had finished it. When the strip of cotton had been arranged on his neck, he made two or three wriggles as if he were i,oing to turn his chest to the wall whether bis bead and legs would follow it or not. His left band came round from behind, and seemed to lengthen itself visibly as it slowly readied ownrd the ends of the cotton. With the . tips of his fingers he secured the two ends, looped tliem,&ud; with a simultaneous effort of the bacd and head he got one end into his mouth, (laving drawu his first knot, he made a second, slipping tbe ring on, «nd then a third. Dr. Maclajau reported to the company that his pulne 1 ad risen to 140 and that bis muscles were in a state of tension such as he bad never witnessed before, and be condemned the experi ment as dangerous ; and Mr. Bishop himself ad mitted that it was not one to try eftcn, He was atked to repeat the slate- writing, a very clever feat. Tiie slate was hid on his kuee and a *Iate pencil stuck between his feet. Repeating h;« strange contortion he brought round his left hud and got bold cf the ttlate, passed it behind hiir, and giving a wriggle in the opposite direction be brought bis right-haad vest pocket within reach of his clastic right-hand fiugers. Extracting a pencil fiom it he quickly wrote on tbe tlate at his back, and very clear regular writing it was. Subsequently he exposed some of the minor tricks of tbe trade, of which ghost raking is one. He made a gentleman sit down before him with bis back to him, then be bad bis bands firmly bound behind bis chair in two loops. In a trice he released one hand, struck the gentle man on tbe shoulder with it after challenging bim to catch ^it. Before the gentleman could wheel round oa his chair Bishop had bis hand back into tbe loop behind him apparently so tight tbat it could not be pulled out. To finish be brought forward a case like a smdl sentry box with a narrow seat in it He had bis wrists bandaged again, and the ends of the bandages passed through boles in the back of the box and sealed behind it. A strong rope netting was drawn over the front of the box and tied behind by several rows of cord, a am ill drum, tamborjfine, and bells were thrown down beside it, and tbe curtain was drawn oa him. All the lights were lowered, and true to his promise he ** raised' tbe patriarchs! John King, bo shook his grizzled locks above the curtain. Bat the sensation of the seance was the materialised Kitty King, who came from behind the curtain and showed herself as a beauty of a couple of centuries ago looking for her affinity. This ghost business, as he explained it, is one of the moat impudent humbugs the mediums attempt. He showed that the case had a spring at the bottom, which released an iron frame to which the netting was fastened. The frame could be raised and the netting along with it far enough to let the medium get oat. The only difficulty was to release the hands from their sealed bracelets. The wardrobe of the spirits — wigs, laces, and ghostly millinery — was concealed in the dram he had thrown down, aa if casually. As a mere conjuror Mr. Bishop mold, if he liked, take the place of pcor Heller, who died recently at New York bat he has another profession in view. His arms are an anatomical study— a thick muscular . forearm, passing abruptly into the wrist of a boy, and expanding again into a bread short hand He admitted to the medical men who eagerl examined it that it had the power of elongatron — iUKf rare bat not unknown muscular pecu liarity. Miss Fay, he said, had the same gift, and also that of contortion,but of coarse she had not his great strength. Her slimness perhaps compensates for it. He affirmed that her tricks Lad been performed precisely as he had shown, and hinted that, like Mrs. Tilton, she had become an interesting penitent. He gave two public performances in Edinburgh, and is now waiting till arrangements have been made for his public reception by the Royal Society in London. Mr. Crookes, I hear, has threatened proceedings should there be any insinuation that be was an accomplice of Miss Fay. Your Mel bourne spiritists may be looking oat for revela tions. ^^^^^^^^^^^^ CONVERSAZIONE AT RIVERTON. — A conver sazione and arts exhibition in aid of the River ton Institute funds was held in the Institute Hall on the afternoons and evenings of the 4th, 5th, 6th, and 8th inst. Mr. J. Bosworth, M.P., presided. The attendance during all four days was very large, people coming from a consider able distance. On either side of the hall were hung oil paintings, oleographs, and water colours, many of which were of great merit as works of art, while the beautiful banners of the Friendly Society Lodges and the flags of all descriptions tastefully displayed added much to the pleasing effect. Round the walls were ranged tables, on which curiosities, fossils, mineral specimens, photograph and works of art, models, native weapons, &c.;, of an interesting and instructive nature were exhibited, while quite a consider able space was occupied by the various articles of local talent sent in for competition. A few of the most interesting articles may be mentioned. Amongst the pictures of Mr. J. H. Adamson, ' The Wreck of the Admella,' 'Tropical Scenery in New Souih Wales,' depicting large fern-like trees, the bark over grown with mosses, ferns, and creeping plants, and two pictures of water melons, one of them showing a section of the melon, were much admired. A beautiful oil painting of a Scotch fishing village, also the ' Sleepy Watches' and the 'Wakeful Sleeper,' were lent by Mr. G. S. Fowler, M.P. The same gentleman lent a large stand stereoscope with 150 slides, which was highly appreciated. Messrs. Solomon, Wigg, Wills & Co. and several residents here kindly lent many valuable pictures. Among the curiosities may be mentioned a model of a surf boat and Malay mats, lent by Mr. J. Holman ; several old books, a Cranmer's Bible 340 years old, a copy of Codex Alexandrinas, now deposited in the British Museum, and a Polyglot Bible in eight languages, lent by Rev. J. Houghton ; native weapons of various descriptions, cutlasses, spears, &c;, from various parts of the world, contributed by the Rev. J. Hawkins, of Auburn. In the fancy department Mesdames Muller, Bosworth, Burns, Scafe, and Castine distin guished themselves ; while Miss Humphries, of Auburn, contributed a beautiful group of artificial flowers, constructed of human hair, well worthy of a prize. The Port Institute kindly lent many curiosities. The success of the whole affair was much enhanced by the invaluable services of Mr. J. H. Adamson, who not only exhibited a number of beautiful oil paintings, painted by him, besides those already mentioned, during his travels in various parts of the world, but also lent valuable assistance in the arranging and judging of the exhibits, and, what was even more appreciated by the visitors, in showing the gyroscope, electrifying the audience with gal vanic shocks, and by various chemical and mechanical experiments. His corner of the room was continually crowded, and his patience in explaining his experiments seemed inex haustible. Much amusement was caused by the telegraph. The wire was stretched diagonally across the room, and a charge of 3d. made for a message. A wag sent a message to the police trooper to apprehend two of the members of the Kelly gang (Messrs. John and Robert Kelly). The trooper wired a local J.P. to assist, but the capture was not effected, as the Keliys had too many sympathizers to be safely handled. Songs, overtures, impromptu speeches, debates, readings, and recitations enlivened the proceedings. The following is a list of prizetakers: — Essay— Subject — 'The desirable qualifications of a South Australian Member of Parliament' (one entry). — Prize, £2 2s. A prize of £1 1s. was recommended by the Judges to the only com petitor, Mr. B. Norton, jun. Poem (two entries).— Miss Muller £1 1s. Water or Oil Painting (six entries).— First prize, £1 1s., Mr. C. B. Whillas; second, 10s. 6d, Miss Muller. Chalk or Pencil Drawing (14 entries).— First prize, 10s. 6d., Mr. Jonathan Hannaford; second, 7s. 6d., Mr. Leonard Gurner. Mecha nical Drawing (one entry).— Prize, 10s. 6d., Mr. Leonard Gurner. Model (two entries).— Prize, 10s. 6d. Mr. Byron Mather, jun., received this prize for a beautiful steam-engine constructed by himself, which was shown at work. A very beautiful model of a ship was shown by Mr. A. Anderson, which also deserved a prize. Ladies' Useful and Ornamental Work (10 entries).— Prize, 10s. 6d., Miss Muller. The Judges— Mr. J. H. Adamson and Dr. Hayward — expressed themselves much pleased with the exhibition of local talent. It is worthy of notice that Mr. Hannaford and Mr. L. Gurner learned drawing in the Riverton public school. Recitation.— Mr. Holthouse received the prize for his rendering of 'The Charge of the Light Brigade,' 7s. 6d. Extemporaneous Address on 'Tobacco' (seven competitors). — Mr. B. Norton, jun., 5s. Impromptu Speech of five minutes— Subject: ' The attentions paid to the ladies before contrasted with those after mar riage' (five competitors).— Mr. A. Horner. Reading — The Judges chose 'Mark Antony's oration over the dead body of Caesar' (five competitors). — First prize, Mr. J. J. Rhead, 5s. ; . second, Mrs. Shoobridge. 2s. 6d. The above com petitions were confined to residents within fifteen miles of Riverton. Open for competi tion within four miles of Riverton:— Orna- mental Writing — 'The Fifth Commandment' (three competitors). — Mrs. Shoobridge, 10s 6d-; honourable mention, Mr. J. W. Castine. Business Handwriting— '23rd Psalm' (competitors to be under twenty years of age). — First prize, Jas. Haysons, 7s 6d.; second, Jonathan Hannaford, 5s. Special prize for the best-ironed shirt, a set of American patent sadirons and stand, presented by Messrs. A. & J. Dobbie, Mrs. E. Bertram. An interesting debate— subject : ' Is the modern theatre beneficial ?' — in which the affirmative carried the sympathies of the audience, was held on Wednesday evening. The attendance on Wednesday was so great that it was agreed to open the con versazione again on Saturday afternoon and evening at a reduced charge. The sum realized will probably be about £40. 