IN THE STRATHBOGIE COUNTRY. (from our travelling reporter) I always hated the St Kilda-road. In summer it is a whirling dust-heap, in winter a howling wilderness of mud. My dislike was intense when I have been bored through the dust in an Albert car, have made a circuitous voyage on wheels, and have been the subject of a gambling transaction before finally reach ing town, or have had the wintry south wind in my teeth as I plodded along on many a wet dismal evening : but I think my dislike is intensified fivefold as I start on its intermin able length at the cool and airy hour of five in the morning. My usual quiet slumbers have been broken by the unpleasant feeling that I have to get up in the middle of the night, the, comforting cup of coffee I had anticipated was not "quite" ready, and I feel as savage as a dissipated cat as I tear along in the dark ness. Why, in the name of all that is abomin able, do our paternal authorities only light one side of the road ! My feelings of grati tude are intense, as I blunder along an alter- nation of bluestone and quicksand, and not quite certain whether I am on road or foot path, and every now and again come to a sudden irregularity in the surface that throws me out of stride, and causes me very soon to be come red-hot, both mentally and physically, As I pant up Prince's-bridge the clock strikes a quarter to six. The Fish Market is In full swing; leather- lunged auctioneers aro pro- claiming at tho top of their voices, and the hubbub of answering bids make a hum and bustle that is inspiriting after the long, lonely tramp. A mingled perfume of stale fish, old vinegar bottles and chemist's shop heralds the approach of a string of Celestials in single file, who will, with their bland and genial smiles, be introducing their piscatorial wares into every suburb in Melbourne shortly. The porters of banks and insurance offices are sweeping and brushing up generally as I skim up Collins- street, and I reach the station with ten minutes to spare. Ah ! Hebe of the refreshment rooms, thanks for thy comforting ministrations. Thou hast put me on better terms with myself, although hard, strong and repellent were thy answer ing glances to my modest request ; but 'tis excusable, it is cold and very early in the morning, and the nipping breezes have trans ferred the color from thy blooming checks to a more prominent feature. You look pinched, and dispense your favors grudgingly. The carriage is a haven of rest and comfort, and as I comfortably curl up in a warm corner I regard with approval the familiar faces of The Age and Argue, damp from the press, for whose production veritable gnomes of the lamp have toiled through the midnight hours. As the train moves off I commence to assimi late the leaders, and when I have got through them all mental obfuscation is rapidly result ing, so I proceed to the shipping news, and thence drowsily to the advertisements. I have fathomed at last the pertinacity of ad vertisers. Railway travellers are reduced to the blind necessity of reading their announce ments over and over again. I am not inte rested in Singer's, Wheeler and Wilson's knoweth me not, Little Wanzer has not the pleasure of my acquaintance ; but their fabu lous number of medals and diplomas glimmer before my eyes as I sink to unquiet slum- bors. I wake up with a jolt at a porter's cry of " Seymour, Seymour," and to the con sciousness of a pair of feet that seem to be- long to somebody else, and a fiercely frosty air permeating theo carriage. A few miles further, and the bush is snowy with hoarfrost, and veritable ice on all the waterholes. At Longwood they talk learnedly about degrees of frost ; but the bright keen sunshine is in spiriting, and our coach is waiting, with the customary quick- witted, humorous driver on the box. Longwood at present is only a poor appurtenance of the station but OLD LONGWOOD which we shortly reach, has been an important township prettily situated on the old Sydney-road — prosperous through all the old coaching and gold digging days — before a remorseless railway had snuffed it out, and left it like an old hulk high and dry on shore. It boasts an immense hotel, with frontage nearly equal to a small street in these degenerate days, has a limitless number of bedrooms, stabling enough to accommodate a troop of dragoons, a bakery that has baked its last batch and retired from business, and a blacksmith's shop that has been a hay and corn store, as well as making several other abortive attempts to procure a livelihood before finally giving up the ghost ; all its decadence expressed plainly as though emblazoned in yard long lettering on its frontage, " all gone with the coaches." In strict accord with the spirit of the place is a gigantic native companion, who broods with sorrowful gravity at the door, evidently in a deep study as to how soon the original wilderness will absorb his civilised surroundings, and drive him to seek a wider if less luxurious sphere of ac tion. The landlord, a jolly, cheery Scot, dis penses our nobblers with perfect urbanity, and has an air of independence and sociality that speaks favorably as to the condition of his banking account. Ho maintains quite a zoo logical collection on his premises — a pair of magnificent eagles, cockatoos, magpies, laugh ing jackasses and rabbits. .A fine spur of the ranges, capped by a natural giant's castle of granite, forms a grand background to what has and may yet be again a flourishing township. We hero chango our Jehu for a charioteer of a different calibre — grave, jokeless and reserved — a splendid whip, but not a man who " wears his heart upon his sleeve." To the insinuating conversational knife he is an oyster not to be opened. He is aware that the district we are approaching has its little notorieties, but it's no affair of his'n. Beyond Longwood the road is through thickly-timbered bush, with occasional farms and selections, and intersected by many small creeks and watercourses ; and across them tho track is made good by sapling bridges. As we emerge from tho flat the Strathbogie ranges form a magnificent spectacle. They are admirable as landscapes, but give a premoni tion of many a plunge and jolt before we shall have passed their rocky recesses. Seven Creeks gives a grand idea of the peculiar nature of the place. A river forcing its way between precipitous banks and over a channel of granite, which its never-ceasing flow has delved out and quarried till its eddies have bored deep circular holes in masses of solid rock that are otherwise worn to a perfectly smooth surface. The stream has an enchant ing variety ; here a deep, quiet, glassy pool, overhung by brilliant foliage ; there a brawling rapid, with an occasional pretty waterfall. The coach begins its upward journey from this point, and as it flounders across tlie pebbly bottom of one of the old creek beds, and plunges up the opposite bank, that seems to be composed of fallen trunks of trees and big boulders, the passengers have an opportunity of admiring (if they like) how dexterously Messrs. Cobb and Co can toss them up and catch them again. I think the infernal in genuity that has induced the builder to affix an iron rail to the box-seat in the exact position where it will pulverise the small of the back, while a similar contrivance continually pokes off the passenger's hat, quite beyond praise. The creek once passed, the road is a well-cut sidings— a lofty hill on one hand, an abyss on the other ; all stringy bark forest, with frequent groups of granite boulders of all shapes and sizes, but all beauti ful in their gloomy decorations of emerald, yellow and grey lichens and mosses. The brilliant sunlight shows us many a fairies' dell, that a passing cloud shadow would cause to suggest to the mind the abode of panto mimic gnomes. There are quite a sufficient number of steep pinnacles to try the mettle of our cattle ; they puff and pant, but keep at their work heartily, and though their flanks heave and nostrils quiver, get over all the bad ground without a touch of the whip, which to the driver is a mre ornamental appendage. The selectors' houses we pass on the road are I heavily-built structures of logs, with bark | roofs, but a remarkable look of comfort and prosperity about them all; and if the occupants are partial to romantic solitude they have it to perfection. Another change of horses lands us at Merton. This is not by any means a bustling place; it boasts two hotels, and nothing else in particular, excepting some wandering cattle of supernatural poorness, and a good view of the ranges through which we had just passed. Driver announces, "Wait here for dinner, gentlemen." The passengers re spond with alacrity. The universal complaints of want of rain and grass during the past season received striking confirmation by the roast of lamb which graces the table — had it not been emphatically introduced by name I should have thought it a fragment of a very old sheep, so etiolated by scant living and ex ercise as to have never attained the usual stature. From Merton to Doon is an open bush road, with fine timber; and judging by the looks of the children who wait for letters or news papers by the coach, must be conducive to rosy complexions and bright eyes. The ori ginal projectors of Doon must have had a large city in their mind's eye. The extremities of the township are about five miles apart, and the business portion between them, It is magnificently situated in the broad valley of the Brankeit Creek, sheltered on all sides by lofty hills. We walk to the top of one about 600 feet high, immediately opposite Wolff's Hotel, and the result certainly repays the trouble — a perfect panorama of pastoral country, hill and valley, and a billowy sea of ranges bounded by the snow- capped summits of Mount Buller and the Gippsland mountains on the one side, and the Strathbogie and Black Bange on the other. I had often con templated G. Von Guerard's pictures, and in common with many who have never reached these elevated plateaux had wondered at and doubted his coloring. Here it was in perfec tion. Under a straw-colored sky a distance of the deepest and richest purple. Hills that are a golden emerald on their sun-lighted edges, and a glittering green grey in their shadows where hoar-frost hangs its silvery veil ; near foliage glowing in green, orange and crimson, a wealth of coloring that swept from memory the tame harmonies of dust color and olive that the flat country inspires. But the geni- ality of nature seems only partially reflected in her human dwellers. During the entire journey the transition has been gradual. The comparative bonhomie and good fellowship with all strangers at the start has passed into shy looks, covert observation, a general ex pression of taking stock, easy to be under stood in a district where police and Kelly sympathisers havo been dominating for months past. Almost every man dis trusts his neighbor whom he knows, still more his neighbor whom he don't know. Returning to the hotel I perceive in it a person dimly reminiscent of Tom Saycrs, Maco and the P.B. generally. He salutes me with "Hallo; who are you; ain t you Dan Beaufort " I explain. His companion growls gutturally, "Hoo 'er you." Obliging landlord assures me they are the most amiable of men, but a little overcome by " hard stuff." Surprising how men can be deceived in opinions of their fel lows. In my stroll through the township my friend of the police points out a few of the local characters. That fellow in the red com forter is the amiable diplomatist who gave the police information of the Kellys, and then the Kellys information of the police alternately, That young lady with the black hat and red coiffure is one of their carrier pigeons ; those two innocent youngsters have been seen to mount their horses to see a friend on the next block, and have returned five hours afterwards with their horses blown and the riders with mud up to their shoulders, especially on the advent of strangers. Their respected papa spendsa more money in nobblers in a month than his crops return him in a season. Most likely he has come into a legacy lately. You want places of in terest about the country ? Then go up Dry Creek and see the mines at the table land. A good notion. We straightway start on the following morning. Crossing the bridge over the Brankoit Creek, through a swing gate and into a bush road, we pass one of the home sta tions and then a few selectors' houses, past and present, varying from the few uprights and a heap of mud, which once was a chimney, to the real tangible presence of well- plastered log walls for the dwelling, and strongly built, bark- roofed outbuildings, sheltering a swell buggy, spring-cart of all tho colors of the rainbow, and farm implement many and various. The cattle are in very poor condition, and as they chew the cud of nothing particular look illtreated and unhappy. The Dry Creek diggings are a melancholy spec tacle of dead-and-gone greatness. The face of nature has been dug up, excavatcd, tossed over ; the stream dammed, stauched and mopped up ; scores of miles of races for con trolling the water supply laid down ; drives, shafts and tunnels burrowed in every direc tion ; it is a perfect battle-field of mankind against nature. What have become, I wonder, of the jovial fellows, with new chum's luck strong upon them, who have delved and tun nelled in storm, frost and sunshine ; have sung, danced and shouted, and then drifted away? What are the earnest hands now doing that excavated this yawning chasm of 100 yards square, piled up these long heaps of water- worn stones ; and how many hearts have been made glad by the sovereigns that were coined from the precious metal that lay hidden among their interstices ? Perhaps some of our lilies of the field who promenade Collins-street, and whose fathers made their money on the diggings, could tell us whose paths of life they have helped to make pleasant. How the meek and patient Chinaman has descended on the scene, and is carefully sluicing the debris of his predecessors' operations. The Mongolian notions of architecture are here seen iu their most mixed phase — the heterogeneous materials and hap-hazard arrangement of their queer dwel lings, walls, doors and chimneys composed of bush refuse, dilapidated packing-cases and bat tered tea trays, are interspersed with trim little gardens, fruitful in greenery. Among the dense thickets of ferns and saplings root numberless pigs — real phrenological animals, with tremendous jaws and frontal develop ment, supported by the thinnest and most wizened bodies. Evidently John has reversed our usual arrangement ; he takes his garden stuff as the staple, and the pork as the savory adjunct thereunto. A few Europeans still stick to the old life on the old dig gings, but they are, with few exceptions, of a remarkable type— an undefinable some thing distinguishes these men from the ordi nary laborer or bush hand — staid, reserved, temperate men, gentle of speech, and often using those terms of expression that are familiar only to the men of the higher educa tion. The track from Dry Creek to the Table Land is precipitous enough to give a good deal of trouble to legs habituated to the gentle rises of Collins-street. As a mere outskirt of the Kelly country, it is imposing, steep rises, deep valleys, dense bush, and a series of natural fortifications of granite. We are now on the border of the Kelly country. A very short journey in this dis trict shows at once the failure of our police in their late searches. The proverbial needle in the bushel of hay is nothing to it. The Kellys are perfect bushmen, and can afford to laugh at the imposing cavalcades that have pre tended to pursue them, their approach always carefully heralded by the clank of accoutre ments. As we were assembled round one of those rousing fires that constitute the charm of a bush hut, with wind, rain and darkness out side to enhance by contrast its genial warmth and protecting shelter, we get into a Kelly yarn. Quoth one old prospector, " What's the good of a lot of these troopers wandering anyhow about the ranges ? Do they think they will meet the Kellys out for a holiday, or propped up dead drunk against one of these boulders ? A pretty set of objects Sergeant S....s's lot looked when I happened across their camp one cold night and found them all tramping up and down with their blankets over their heads to keep them warm ; the Kellys might have potted the lot had they had a mind to." "Ay," said another " and then that lot with Sergeant T. left here to reach another station, seven miles off, and that by the road; too, lost the track, and didn't turn up for three days afterwards, and then the first word from their leader, ' For God's sake tell us where we are.' " " Have you ever found any tracks of theirs?" i ask. " I belibve I have," said a swarthy, full- bearded fellow, as he puffed reflectively. "I was going across to B 's place, and I know the country well, so took a short cut, a bit off my track, and in a place where nobody ever goes, too, and in tbe middle of a close thicket of ti- tree. I saw smoke rising. I wanted a smoke and had no matches, so pushed through the scrub to get a light. I reached the fire, but there wasn't a mortal soul near it, and it hadn't been lighted more than five minutes; there was nothing but a little bit of a stir among the ferns a few yards off. I didn't wait, for i was in a hurry ; just made tracks, for thinks I ordinary peopls don't get into the middle of the scrub to camp and then bolt when they hear a footstep. Did I feel offended? Well, no, I didn't feel, offended, because I don't want to be friendly with gentle men that ain't friendly with me. Lor bless you, we hear the crack of a rifle pretty often across the range there, and there are no troopers here now, and I don't think any gentlemen would be out sporting unless we knew of it." " I believe I stumbled on one of their corrals the other day," said another speaker. "I thought I'd do a bit of pros pecting, so got a horse and went out about fifteen miles back. I didn't believe any white man had ever been there before ; leastways, I never heard of any. There was a circle of these great boulders just enclosing an open space about fifty yards across. There was only one way in, and that I had just happened on ; and inside one place the ferns had been slashed down, the tops cut off, had just arranged for a sleeping-pkce. There were the prints of the men's bodies as plain as could be. I just looked about in a hurry, for I didn't want to stop ; but I picked up this bit of leather strap and this cartridge case. Just see ; it's for a central fire rifle." " How do you think they manage about supplies?" I ask. " My dear sir, nothing easier. What's to hinder these packers that go all about from dropping a barrel of flour with a bottle of grog inside now and again on the road at some ap pointed place. There are plenty of them know all about it, and they won't split, so long as they get a share of the plunder. And they have their share of the fear, too ; and, if they did anything on the cross, would meet with an accident some fine night, and never see their mothers any more. Do I carry arms ? Well, yes I do ; but what's the good of it ? They are only a sort of satisfaction when you don't want them. What could you do if you were bailed up by four vagabonds, who were all behind trees or under cover ? Nothing for it but to bail up quietly. I don't wonder the tropers have never got a glimpse of them. They never will be taken in fair fight. The troopers have been everywhere, excepting the place that they have very good informa tion shelters them. They have gone clatter ing about and enjoying themselves. They made a herring of poor Monk and drew him across the trail. Where do I think they are now ! Why, I'll tell you, sir ; at a place they call the Saddle, an awful place. High precipices of rock that you would fancy that a cat could scarcely climb up, and caves about them big enough to hold a regiment of soldiers. They just lay up there, and through Kennedy's glass can see every party that goes in or out of Mansfield. " So the police haven't been up there ?" " Well, you see, it's too rough for the horses, and might be too rough for the men. You see that they know the place so well that while the police would be toiling up one side, they could take a sight at them and be a mile off before they could get to the top. Ho, sir, if the police mean business it can't be done any way without going in for hard work. They'll have to engage themselves as station ' hands, boundary riders, fencers and packers ; keep their mouths shut and eyes and ears open. The only way to get at them is through their mates ; and I should say, before they get caught, a good many of the police will have had a good spell at a new business." On the morning following the evening's de sultory conversation I have recorded I start for the walk across to Mansfield, as I approach it finding the bush people very reticent of speech, but their silence compensated by a per fect epidemic of staring. My call at a bush shanty results first in the appearance of a shock-headed girl, then a ditto boy, then two long lounging youths, who all, severally and in dividually, gratify their curiosity to the fullest extent ; they are followed by the mistress, and ultimately the master, of the house, who at last condescends to serve me with the desired refreshment. A party of carters I pass on the road regard me as though they would be com pelled to identify me five years hence, and as I pass I hear them wonder, " Who the (exple tive) is that cove." A couple of fencers at work on tho roadside are also suffering from the popular failing, and I catch a remark relative to " another of 'em." I am aware my appear ance is not remarkable, so am forced to the opinion that the lively times the district has been through lately may have fostered the idea that all strangers must of necessity be in connection with the Detective depart ment. I reach Mansfield on the Saturday evening, and at the hotel at which I put up find the bar occupied by a couple of swag- men ; their get-up is the perfect pictorial bush- man, boots and all ; they are partially intoxi cated, and want to shake everybody for drinks, and although they spend plenty of money during the evening, they finish up with the request to be allowed to sleep in the stable. In the course of my peregrinations through Mansfield, I have come to the con clusion that any visitor is likely to get a large share of popular attention, more especially from the compeers of my friends of the hotel, who muster strongly, and are in an explosive state of readiness for a fight. Hearing that there is a fine view of Mount Buller to be had from the Mansfield-road, I am again en route the following morning, and after a five miles walk reach a good point of view. The mount, with its glittering snow- capped summit aud scarped and bastioned sides, certainly is a fine spectacle. As I stood ad miring tbe prospect, to my surprise I see one of the before- mentioned pictorial bush- men, whom I had left at the hotel, ap proaching at a gallop. He pulls up and has a good long deliberate survey of me and my proceedings ; he is evidently the worst suf ferer from curiosity I have yet seen. I saw him half a dozen times again before I reached Doon, and as I am on foot and he on horseback I conclude be has been paying a round of calls on all his friends within a mile of the road. To anyone desirous of viewing strange charac teristics, a better field than this district it would be difficult to find ; and to students of nature and human nature I can recommend it conscientiously. 