[?] Luke Mivers5 Harvest. By N. Waltbb. Swajj. Chapter IV.— Me. Shorter Obliges Me. Miters. Ab Mr. Shorter bad before intimated, the room which Mirers had irreverently termed a ' snuggery' was fitted up in a style that, for Narrgummie, was midway between com fort and elegance. There had been care taken to repair the ?mails with a sporting patterned paper, which was the latest novelty. A sepia man on a sepia horse were represented as clearing a gate, in a soaring way, that had a dash of airiness lather than danger, and the sepia fox had a start as far as the middle distance from the pack. It was John, the generally useful man, who hung the paper, and it not unfreqnently happened that the hind quarters of the hunters were attached to their necks, thus running nightmarish and rider less races, and flying over single posts in all the abandon of unpremeditated pastime. Pictures by Miss Shorter, Giuuja3, ornamented me waus. mere was a voting lady stepping from a lordly mansion, showing a stoutness of calf and thinness of ankle that would have driven a datueuse to despair. There were landscapes with loctic flushes upon them, besides several other triumphs of the landlord's daughter, which gave an air to the room that made it with out a rival in the township. Hair-cushioned chairs, and a stout table, with a chess-board doth, and a piece of drug gcting converted the apartment into an elegant retreat. When the fire was lighted, and the candles burning, and when Miss Shorter was reclining, then the room might have been mistaken for a talon and she for a marchioness. All clso] retreated from her, apparently, but a sense of ele gance and beauty not to be dispelled by the criticism of details. A few months after the conversation with Shorter Mivers was seated at the table playing a game of cards with Mr. Fclan. His face seemed to have fined down to a keen straining lopk ; whatever of repose it had known had quitted it, and whatever of light and hope flashed to it now was when ho turned to look at the lady who was sewing and ?watching the players. If Miss Snorter's unfathom able eyes caught him, they 6tartled him, and when,' thereupon, her lashes drooped in thought, hope flickered upon his face like a quick glow of sun. She had watched the players thus for consecutive night b with a serenity and patience not to be disturbed. Mr. Pelan was a well-built man, whoso face was relieved from languor by hard bide eyes. He gambled at cards, and lost or won with perfect imperhirbility. He played rollicking airs on the old station piano, thaf had not been opened since Mrs. Mivers* death. He rode to perfection, and drank as steadily as though his head had been of bronze, when Falerniair filled the goblet, coming to tho scratch as emilingand roBy the next morning as though impervious to debauch. , Pelan hod visited the station on a travelling tour, and at the request of Mr. Mivers, had indefinitely prolonged biB visit. Miver's new friend was an antidote for a time, but tho hands soon began to show their strength. The voice of her below, and the glamour of her face, followed him like a nemesis. The little things she did — the nameless things he remembered — the smiles she gave him— and the royal way she stooped to pleasure him the last evening he was there — rang their changes with remorseless vividness. He had bound himself, with never a thought of restraint in his worship, and he had returned day by day to catch some fresh strand from her incom parable self. The charm of happiness her presence gave him made the ties silken and precious, but they were grimly existant. After a long week of self-imposed absence, when Miss Shorter shook his hand with a warm pressure, and was glad to find he had so far forgotten her as to attend more closely to the duties of the station, his resolution was gone. It was with hurried earnestness ho said, 'How could you think I had forgotten you ; no matter what I had to do. your face has been with mo night and day. It was because I though you wished it I stopped away,' so he brightened with pleasure before her. By and bv Pelan, the man of the world, came and talked to her, niaking her laugh more in an hour than poor Mivers could in a wecK. He described new styles of wear by taking her sacred 6locve, and flourishing over it with his forefinger. Ho clasped her shapely arm with his cool hands to show tho new stylo of sleeves, and finally was as unencumbered as though ho made nothing of her beauty, on which Mr. Mivers grew sulky, and determined, in his own mind, to propose cards the next evening, and seat himself by her chair. And on evenings, after heavy play, in shaking hands with Pelan, her fingers were watched with savage suspicion, but it pleased Mivers beyond belief when, after repeating the salutation in hisownrooin, by striking his left hand with his right several times, that a critical comparsion decided him in favour of the fact that her hand had rested longer in his own than in that of his companion. The spring came, with wonderful verdure and gladness, and offerings of flowers. The early sun fell away upon pools and patches of water, turning them to silver and brass, andlusteringthedew. It clothed the earth with these fancies that inspired the barbaric splendour of summer lands, and prompted imitations of the uiagnificent pomp the day called forth to herald ite going and its coming in the impressionable cast. . On one such morning the township of N&rrguinmie; sat like a foul thing upon the matchless enrpet, the heavens were telling and gapping, patcblike, the tracery .wearing then as the sun rode up to span the day. The yellow burnish of the light was everywhere abroad when Mr, Mivers opened the door «f his house, and walked out in the wet grass. Probably during the five and twenty years of his life his eyes had never looked on anything more beautiful, or any scene more gladdening. The air, like the choral of the birds, was fresh and pure, and the hills around were swathed in a white curtain, lifting slowly skyward off the stage of life and the doings of humankind. But no joy of sym pathy, or thankfulness for life, came to his dull eyes. There was only one face that could light his. He nervously pulled his hat down to shield his sight from the . low sun, with a curse at the brilliance that struck him, and walked hastily towards the village. Shorter1 6 bar was open, and dark as a spider's parlour, and the old man stood looking grimly out, blinking at the sun. and generally getting himself in working order after the rust of a night's sleep. When he caught sight of Luke Mivers, he retreated inside, and became busy ,^ to quicken his penetration, by «h»fing his palms and stroking his beard. From his silent movements in the dimness he might have been weaving some fresh strands for his crooked web. ' Good morning. Shorter.' ' What, Mr. Mivers, is this you ; how is-it that I have the pleasure of finding you so early afoot. I trust there is, nothing wrong at the station, and that the other gentleman, your engaging and talented friend, is well. Nothing wrong sir, eh?' ♦' Give me a glass of brandv, Shorter. I want to speak to you.' 'Certainly, Mr. Mivers; but its early for brandy,' warned the host, placing a bottle on the counter. ' Margaret— I mean Miss Shorter — she won't be up for some time yet?' ' No, she will not ; my daughter is not an early riser.' 'Somnchthe better, come inside. I want a few words TOthyonatwhoe.** The landlord led die way, without further speaking, while , fcnrying'his finger nails in his beard, and slowly combing out its matting into respectable smoothness. The room inside was dark, the eternal hunters on the wall-paper were invisible, though of bold design, as already remarked, and night seemed to have settled finally over the hectic landscape «ndU»eUHshiflg»a»denwia»-ielaigecalf. Shorter slowly pulled np the window-blind, restoring all these things to the state then- creators had designed, and while pursuing hie toilet, eat with his back to the window, where the sun fell upon his hair with a gleam like fire. ' Take her seat, Mr. Mivers. You'll not object ; that's her chairjust opposite. This is quite an unlocked for tcte a-Utt. The first that chair was a party to, except with you, I'll be bound. The room does not look right without her, somehow. I must say she sets it off, and seems to light it, though 1 am her father. Strange people these women, Mr. Mivers. ' No it does not,' the early visitor observed, looking round and unconsciously criticising the apartment, with its bare furniture and tawdry finishes, and wondering how he could have spent so many memorable hours, and gathered so many feelings of fondness there that were not to be curbed. The irritating embodyment of patience and humility, not to be surprised or angered, sat before him, busy at the intricacies of the crop that had whitened on his chin. ' Look here, Shorter, I know you're a friend of mine. I want yon to do me another favour ; add to what you have done DT doing this, and there will not be a man in the colony hetter paid for his trouble. You can pay your friend the interest he wants for the loans, whatever it is, but to you I'll return the favour twice told.' It was a strange thing, to see the young face, so haggard and pleading, against the old humble winter figure that sat barring out the passage of the sun, moveless and silent, as some dead year amongst the mockeries of the present. Shorter con tinued the same arrangement of his beard, with his head bent upon bis breast The earnest face, and the promisee, affected him so little that he might have been deaf. ' I tell you what it is, I have sworn never to touch another card. It will take another £800 to clear me, and you can do it, if you choose, or get your friend to do it, but done it must be. 1 tried to win my own back again off that fellow Pelan ; lnck was against me, and he holds my I. 0. U. this morning for £500. The money is as sure as that table, and there's no risk, but a deuced good thing in interest, and a far better thing for you.' ' Mr. Mivers, I told you I could get you no more, and I warned you not to play for money.' *' What are warnings to a fellow that's mad to get his money back, and would give his right hand to get the best of a confounded cold-blooded gambler like Pelan ; but we play no more. Shorter. I'll take my oath here on a bible before you, if you like. As there's a heaven above me, there's no risk.' ' I should like some better security than that,' Shorter murmured, as saying, ' though it's not to be known, the security is the difficulty.' He commenced a change of toilet by picking one noil with another, and announced him self again — ' But I warned you, and it can't be done, Mr. Mivers.' ' Shorter, between you and me, the old governor can't live much longer ; he's breaking up fast, and it's not so very long since I saw the will. All the property comes to ni-! — every farthing.' He shuck hfe closed hand heavily on the table, and leaned over to look into Snorter's face. ' Ah ! you have seen the will '-'' ' I read every line of the parchment from end to end.' ' And it's all for you ?' ' Everj' cent.' *' No allowance for any old servant now, or for anyone that he turned off without paving ? He did this you know. Supposing for a moment one of these poor devils had a wife and family starving, and that, by cheating the husband of his wages, he drove them to beggary, or worse — let us assume it was worse than beggary, you know — worse than drink. This being made known to him in his old age, he would make some kind of recompense or allowance to them, if alive f Oh, come .' ' 'By jove,' laughed Mivers, 'I never thought an old man like you would remain so green. He leave them anything! You don't know him. There was old Blanc with him for twenty-four years, and he worked for him jolly well, too, but his name is not men tioned : though it would be all the same now.' A finer ear might have detected a hurry of eagerness in the quickened voice of Shorter, as he put the above case, and there certainly was an unusual something, rendering tho tones slightly hesitating as he again answered — 'I warned you, Mr. 'Mivers, and it can't be done.' He was now looking at the young man's feet, after his usual humble manner. ' If you do this for me, you'll save ine no end of trouble. If the governor hears of it, he'll never let me touch a shil ling. You're a friend of mine ; you've advised and helped me before now. I look upon you as a father, and I hope to marry your daughter. You shall have any bond you choose, ana make il twice the sum. I'll sign it now, on the spot. If you don't, I am ruined ; you must see you are my only hope'.' He had risen, and was trying to grasp Snorter's hands. *' Say you'll help me ; if 1 don't pay Pelan, he'll let my father know, and I'll be ruined. L know him, and I can't stand poverty. I'd rather be dead than poor.' ' 'You forget both j'our position and mine.' ' Well, it was only to show you how much of a favour I would take it, if you helped me ; that was all, Mr. Shorter. 1 hope 1 didn't oifend you. If I did I apologise.' ' You have not oll'cuded me,' the old man said, relaps ing into thought; 'but 1 warned you, and it can't be done.' Mivers pushed his hair tremulously off his forehead, and thought ii moment ; Mr. Shorter resumed his scat, with his head still bent, having again varied the monotony of bis toilet by slowly rubbing his guins with his finger. ' You only wont to frighten me, and by jove, if you knew mv father, you'd know you were frightening me. You wont to make it a warning- to nip. 1 can see your friendship. There;: you'll be my best friend, won't you, Mr. Shorter.' Sit down, Mr. Mivers, and listen quietly to what I have to say. I told you that my friend lor whom I am agent would advance no more money on your own name. I mean by that on your own name alone. You have plenty of rich friends about here. Plenty of rich friends you know, who would put their names to a bill for you and think no more about it. They would forget it the moment it was done. I could get money advanced on that security.' He drew his chair so close to Mivers that he almost touched him, and he looked up in his face with eyes that seemed to have caught the redness of the sun behind him. ' The bill will never be seen by any eyes but those of the man who advances the money and mine. You understand me. It shall never be heard of, it shall never see the light, till it is redeemed. 1 can promise you that. I can take upon myself to make that a most solemn part of the stipulation for your sake. Then, sir, you see in this way the thing becomes quite simple. I don't know who your friends are. Their signatures arc all unknown to me, but I've found you to be honourable, Mr. Mivers, and if you bring a bill to me backed by ynunst-lf , and accepted by a good name, I will take it on your assurance, and try once again. In this way I can relieve you of your difficulty : you understand me.' While Shorter was speaking two red spots came upon his face beneath his eyes, and there vruf a meaning in his words which was conveyed without, in the least, showing that, he thought of anj*. He rubbed his hands nervously, with the gleams in his eyes, and the spots on his face quite changed, by reason of a smothered earnestness in hie look and voice, and an engrossing bearing' in himself, that seemed to have galvanised him with a new life rifting up through the calm of his white years. ' Yes,' replied Mivers, starting out of a thought, ' I understand ? when will you want the bill ':' Shorter cast a rapid look at him. ?'When? A few days before you require the money.' ' ' I see. I'll ride over to Cherry Mount, and give you the paper to-night, with a good name on it. This will be the last time, and it won't be for long cither. The governor is worse than he thinks.' ? Chapter V. — Mdtdobf asj- Mivees, Sex. The town of Mindorf was celebrated for its sea views, and its general scenery, and was a frequent resort of visitors in search of health. There lived some doctors in Mel bourne who, having heard that, beside the above advantage, mineral springs existed in the neighbourhood, paid the place a visit, and bought elegihle sites for building purposes at a time when competition was slack. On these they and other friends built cottages, in ornate and aristocratic styles. They had out tasteful gardens, and before the shavings of the carpenter were removed, or the paint quite dry, a lively discussion was commenced in the metropolitan papers upon the virtues of the Mindorf springs. They were thermal ; they were awriated ; they were chalybeate ; they were sulphurous. In short, they embraced every virtue, ana evm- component necessary for the cure of every disease under heaven. Major Rug* tried them for exfoliation of the shin bone, and pronounced his leg a great deal better than it had been since the bone was splintered in that duel at Carlsbad, you know, when I shot my man drad ; dead, sir ; dead as a nit.' Miss M'ckerkm, who had what the termed ' moidere ' in the head, came away, after diinkine a tumblerful every three hours in the day, for three months, with ' my dear madam, a dear brain, a serene brow, an improved complexion, and feeling for the first time in all the trying years now passed, thank heaven, in sympathv with all nature.' Old Fosseklum, the success ful merchant, left his gout there. So many complaints had been left at Mindorf that, but for the sea breezes that swept past the bluff, and rollicked through the streets, the place might have been rather dangerous than otherwise. Kneu niatism, scrofula, prurgio, psoriasis, typhoid, dystena, marasmae, &c;, were quitted in great quantities, and only the merest dregs were brought back to Melbourne by the renovated visitors. The place became fashionable, and tne doctors, and their friends who owned the terraces, sent every one there who had money to spare, for the treatment of every ailment, from scarletina to chilblains. As a universal medicament nothing could compare to Mondorf but Hollo wav's pills. Like most other towns in Victoria u had ite mining traditions. There were worked-out leads and miners' tunnels not so very far distant, and, of course, un told riches waiting for enterprise and capital, wnen tne water had rushed in over golden day, and swamped tne men out, obstinately refusing to be pumped or whimmed from the locality. ' The ground had been registered, and numerous prospectuses issued by the printer, who was never paid There had been public meetings called, and speeches made in the Town Hall concerning the matter. Parliament had been agitated anent a prospecting grant, but, notwith standing all such efforts, the water remained calmly at its dead-level in the falling- in shafts. The mineral springs proved a godsend, allied with the attractions of the bay. Corrmodious dwellings were built on the strength of them, and invalid chairs recklessly imported by enterprising speculators. Scepticism might be tolerated in Mindorf on religious matters, but infidelity as to the health of its sea beach, and the virtue of its waters, was an ofience against which the anathema marinatha of the community was in constant suspension. When parsons deemed it prudent, at intervals, to publicly return thanks for the gifts of nature, and in so doingmention the health-giving ehaly beates of Mindorf, the probability was that boiled turkey and oyster sauce at the tables would be amongst the possi bilities of the week. Drapers eyed the terrace as sheltering the soul of their trade. Bakers' boys were instructed to desist from whistling, and curb all other normal outcomes of animal vigour while supplying hot rolls and fancy loaves for the aristrocratic stomachs gathering health from the local resources. Butchers' boys who bore the -choice joints there, warned against flirting with the terrace cook6, naturally stipulated that the liberty of the subject should be allowed them dsewhere, and that, in other directions, they were at liberty to be universally erratic, as became the legends of their calling. The place was smali, considering its preten sion, but in the season it was full of beauty and fashion. Gallant gentlemen inside the latest novelties promenaded with elegantly bent females, bearing tangles of milli nery puzzles where porters customarily support flour bags. It was quite a retreat, this town of Mindorf, and on pleasant afternoons the tall hats perched on back combs and fair foreheads were a sight to see. Some persons reported that bank clerks and Government officials, who spend £1000 a-year out of a salary of £200, and by no means embarrassed at that, had become gay, so to speak, because of the fascinations of the place, but this was scouted as a hbel by all right-thinking persons, Mindorf being rigidly virtuous, and much addicted to church-soing. When the sea smells travelled freshly past the bluff, and fraternised with the country atmosphere into a health giving combination, better than all prescriptions, and when sun and clouds kept the wooded hills smiling and frowning all day long, showing patches of richest green, braided with rivulets, it was easy to know whence came the health that cured disease and stirred the blood to vigour. The Mindorfers were proud of their main street, which was formed of brick houses, showing architectural flour ishes that altogether beggared classic taste and puzzled the most versatile comprehension. Of evenings the sun shot the mountain trees with red, and lay across the nestled town till it flushed in a deluge of light. There away were plains dhn in haze, and silent ; and yonder the broken ridges and gulched hills scissured, yawning into the cold distance, when the blue that wrapped them changed softly to the gloaming of the night. Mr. Mivers came to Mondorf in pursuit of the sturdiness that had left him, and in hopes of keeping that which was still leaving him faster than the years came. The cruel hands that had so often shaken age and beaten servitude were showing signs of feebleness. The big frame that showed power of endurance was wrecked, and the bold, uu quailing eyes, had become anxious. He had tried the waters, and had spat them away with an oath. Mindorf bowed to and smiled at linn with all its might. The health of Mivers was, to some extent, the health of Mindorf. He had not strength enough for church, but the church had strength for him, and the Rev. Mr. Bappie paid him the most considerate attention till he refused to contribute to the roofing of the new vestery. Mr. Mivers kept the best house and finest equippage. The pannels of his barouche carried a boar's head inside of a garter, on which were latin words. His cellar and his plate were unexceptionable, and when he met two or three of the old sort, who had risen to wealth on wool bales, ' thensir,' he was wont to say, ' that Mivere' table was the jolliest in the district.' Then he and his peers wandered back into the past, and cast-off the respectable varnish of their position to enjoy the language of gone times, when they won their money, and bought and sold, and ground and slaved. Mivers liked Mindorf. It truckled to his loud arrogance, and bowed to his insolent bullying. But when, at relentless intervals, the scare of the future crept upon him, and his growing feebleness, the blanch that came to his mottled face showed that the time was closing when the unfoldment of the past would come, the deeds of the years be counted out, and the measure meted would be measured to him again. There was coining to him a vague fear of night, and the dread of some sudden change in sleep and silence. ? But he tried to rob it of its hours and its ghosts, till the solemn morning came above the hills, and the sounds of stir and movement companioned him to sleep. When the wind and rain flurried up against the strong walls, and ' blustered at the windows of his room, they carried cries and voices he had heard before, and sometimes faces, hardened with toil and bruised with blows, rose before his closed eyes to startle him from coming rest, and sail shudderingly past on ihe darkness. One patient look, from dark eyes he remembered well, was constantly near him, bearing the only affection and faith he had known or trusted. It was the* look he had last seen, from a gloomily curtained bed, when his wife had bidden him her last good-bve, and entreated bim, with longing ej es, to return sooh and be near to bcr when the summons came. When he returned, the face was still, and passionless, and the welcoming eyes were closed. Mr. Mivers would hare no attendant near him. The necessity for night companionship looked too like fail ing health, so that the servant who waited at table, and performed many other* services, was regarded as off-duty early in the night. Mr. Mivers took the unusual thought once of amusing himself through his late hours by reading some old papers in his possession. He placed the bundle on the table beside bis bed, and having adjusted the pillows, stole away back amongst their old dates. Some were receipts for money paid, some begged assistance in memory of services per formed, and there were others, carrying faded black ink, in a woman's writing, that made his hand shake. They had once touched him, and won from him the only gentleness and fondness he had known. They had called him on many a long ride, when the writer was as much to him as his flocks, or his gold, and when her merry face and black eyes were the dearest things he knew. He had won her, and took her home to his lonely house, which ehe brightened for a few ye&rs.; After them he opened a strong large sheet, written on in a strong large hand. It was dated a score years back from that night, and Mivers' face grew heavy and gathered as he read. ' L. Mivers, Esq. Sir, — I tried to burn your shed in a moment of passion, at the treatment I received from you a short time previously. For that offence I was fully punished. You crippled me for life. You knew I had a wife and children dependent upon my earnings, but you turned me off your station withont giving me one farthing of th* wages f had earned. In my broken down state, and, at th© age of 45, you sent me adrift penniless. I could obtain no convevance for a long time after, and, being unableto walk, it was two months before I reached Melbonrne. I found, my wife starving on the pittance she earned by sewing, and the children wasted with hunger. Both are lying ill while I write. The rent of the house where we are trying' to keep body and soul together, has not been paid for a month. I ask you, as a favour, if not as a right, to send me' down my year's wages to your agents. For the 6ake of the innocent do this. I am, sir, &c.; J. Slater.' The next paper had a later date — 'Sir, — My wife is dead. Send me something to your agents for God's sake. J. Slater.' The third paper, which he crackled open slowly, was dated two years later. He read : ' Sir, ? You have not sent me the wages I begged from? you. My wages. I scarcely expected you would, although 1 called at your agents. The time will come when I shall' render my account for the lost time, and ask for compound interest. J- Slater.' ' Pooh,' said Mr. Mivers, lying back, ' that was near 20 years ago — the fellow's dead long since, or else he's in gaol. Compound interest ! If ever I see the vagabond,, I'll prosecute him as an incendiary. I'll show him ; forty five and twenty— sixty-five. He's dead as mutton.'^ There was no sound near him but the sudden rustlings of ' the papers, and the noise of the fire-blaze bubbling low things to the wind that rolled above the chimney outside.. The pale steady lamp burned on, while the fire flicker moved shadows on the walls. ' I dreamt Eliza showed me them confounded papers last night, and pointed to the writing.' The fire logs fell together with a rustle, sending up an eruption of sparks, and a flame that cast the form of a chair ? against the curtained window, and the pictures around it,, like some huge judgment Beat seeming to waver and swing, as though mysteriously suspended from on high. The shape of a bust was cast beside it, taking the proportions of' a gnome bowing and ogling at the occupant of the bed. ' That was a good shot with the crowbar. I was strong : then. How the fellow fell doubled and white !' Chapter VI.— Mr. Mivers Experiences as Intrusion from the Past. The wind was swelling, and its hollow whistling came ' down upon the hearth like a warning. Mr. Mivers lay thinking, then raised himself to listen. He had detected sounds other than those which the fire give or the storm that filled the night. There was a dull moving on the stairs ; the faint opening; of doors : and lastly, a ' s-s-sh ' ' penetrated the close room. Mivers, always resolute, softly left his bed, and partly dressed himself ; he opened a drawer,, took out a revolver, and carrying the lamp, noiselessly opened the door. He could seedown the stairs for a short distance, but there was nothing visible, except the obscure ? colourings of the carpeting on the steps. Then came another sound, with a sort of muffled caution in it, that rendered it suspicious, as a door on the land— - ing below slowly opened, and a strong face, with) a flat profile, was thrust out. The light at the bed room door caught the man's attention, and both lookei steadily at each other for a few seconds ; the face below saw ' Mivers' brow gathered, and signs of purpose there, but nothing of fear. Mr. Mivers, on Ms part, saw resolute un- ? flinching features steadily contemplating Ms, and he feared that, if he missed his aim, to be taken the instant he exposed' his pistol, the next shot would be doubled by another. The ? head, moreover, was too small a mark in. the uncertain light. ' Get to bed, John, what are you doing-tSiere. I'll want the carriage early in the mornfng,' called Mivers, hoping the man would take advantage of the simulated mistake, and ;- lower his face from the light while replying ; if so, theai the chance for a surer aim. But the eyes did not quit 'bis. ' I ain't John,' growled the voice, ' nor the coachman.' neither ; and look here — let's hev no noise.' Mivers' hand was up, and the barrel coming to a level, but the speaker did not now move. The squatter had paused. an instant to make certain,, when he felt his wrist grasped, and his arm twisted, till the weapon fell. A grip that bore him back helpless was.on.? his neck. ' Werry nicely done,' he heard the first voice- say,' ' but' scarce as quick as might ha' bin, still nice an steady, an sure. I'm comin up. Not enough noise to- waken a hinfant.' The hands that were laid on Mivers thrust him into a chair. 'If you make any noise,' spoke a strong but refined voice, ' I shall be compelled to put my hand upon your mouth. You need not look at the bell, the wires are' cut. Just make yourself as easy and comfortable as circum stances will permit ; we had no intention of disturbing you.' He who first appeared at the bottom of the stairs came in and placed the lamp on the table. When he saw the old man's face he shook his head impatiently, and looked again. Having surveyed the room, he motioned his companion into' the shade, and then spoke slowly. ' Blow me if this ain't unexpected. Jest you stay where' ye are, over there an listen. D'ye kno who this is? This1 is Mivers — Mivers wot jugged me for stealin what I never' stole ; Mivers wot got poor Powers sent to gaol ; ferm wot was like a father t'yer boy. Stan behind his chair.' The man bidden came from the shade and took the position iu3i' cated. ' Now, keep quiet you, if ye turn to see the face behind ye I'll crush yer throats together.' The speaker came so close to Mivers that he almost touched him ; he paused, looking down at him with a kind of pleased wonder, and thrust his hands to the bottom of his pockets. Mr. Mivers looked up at the speaker briefly, and then let his head fall on his breast. Not the sudden attack of dis ease, or the pounce of death from the ambush of his sleep, that he had feared, had come, but a lawless man whom he had wronged was before him, as relentless and as thought less of the future as a beast of prey. ' Wot tey ye got to say conccniin the charge against me, and concemin the charge against Powers. As for the last, I'm speakin on behalf of another ; him behind ye. Did y© Set yer man to swear he found stolen things in mv swag ? Did ye? An look ye here, guvner, wot did Powers do to ye? Only knew to much, eh? Com, answer; the court's waitin. How would it be if his bein sent to quod were the reason of us comin to-night ; rummy isn't it ? ' ' We should never have come,' spoke the voice fram the shade, ' if it had not been—' ' Tsh-s-st. I don't want yer voice or yer face at this unexpected meetin, only yer ears.' Then to Mivers — . ?' I'm a waitin to know wots to perfect yer carcase.' Mr. Mivers wetted his dry lips with his tongue, but said' nothing. While the men stood waiting round the mastesof the mansion, the room was as quiet as though he slept. ' Then there's the wages wot was due me, anmoneyean't ; pay for Powers; wot did I swear to ye when last I saw ? ye'r' ' Again the silence spread over the room. Mivers could' not support the agony of waiting. With solemn, desperate, men beside him thus, he felt he was growing afraid. ' I'll give you half a dozen years wages, Brown.' ' Twenty years' wages,' spoke the voice behind him. again ?' would not cover the injustice done to Powers, and, through him, to my' — 'I tell ye, I only want your ears,' interrupted the ? square-faced man, remaining steadily in the one position. His face was not fierce, but solemn, and because of that the - more dangerous. ' Your'n is the heaviest account, that I will say, but we can settle that after ; an a settlement wots easy come to. I was goin to say this, let Mivers write out a cheque for two hundred pound, an a letter with it to the manager of the bank to pay it, an if him wot gives it to the. hank is grabbed, the other will swear to kill Mivers where ever he sees him, in the town or in the country, to wait for that chance if for years, an still to wait, with knife or pistol, but live to do it. Is it a bargain? Ye know who's dependen on ye lad.' Still, without turning his face from Mivers, he hdd his hand over his head, on the back of his hiph chair, and the - sitter heard a strong grasp above him. Without speaking Mivers, pointed to the drawer whence he had taken tho pistol. Brown then found what was requisite, and after obtaining a drink of brandy, the squatter wrote to the dicta* ? tion of the voice behind him : — ' The Manager of the Bank of New South Wales, Mindorf. 'Sir, — the endosed cheque will be tendered for payment by the bearer. I have presented him with the sum of £200 in, consideration of valuable services rendered by him to ma ? some years ago, and to make amende for a wrong he suffered at my bands. Ab the money -which I give the bearer is simply in fulfilment of a duty, although in some sense a gift, you will oblige me by not mentioning: the circum stance, and paying over the money without questioning. ' I am, sir, yours, &c;, ' Luke Mivers.' ' So far, Mivers, ye hev held to your bargain,' muttered Brown grimly, ' an in all partikelers we'll stick to ours. The swag of Brummagem can etay when it is.' In ten minutes the house was still. The old man sat thinking, in a bewildered way, while the wind rattled at the windows, and rolled with long moanings across the roof. The fear of death that had taken up its abode with him did not quit with his visitors : it lay chillily over him still. From the present into that dark shut future there seemed no distance. The fire had died out, and the shadows faded. There was nothing real to him there, but his past, when he had wrung out gold, minted with respectable crime ; even the dim room looked as it were closing in, and he frightened at it. He sat, afraid to move, till the pure light touched the windows and struggled through them softly upon the darkness. When the morning was on the horizon, and the night sky paled before the coming sun ; when the stars had blended with it, and the song of another day began heralding gladness upon sea, and plain, and touching the softly moving tree-tops, Mr. Mivers held a clattering glass of brandy to his teeth, and staggered to his bed. The stars were out, and the night filming down, as the two men flitted away from the aristocratic terrace which stood in genteel paleness and august silence, looking down upon the town with ghastly superciliousness. There was no light to be seen on the black windows, the fashionables having enfolded themselves behind their fagades of stucco to await the proper and reputable hour for the imbib ing of the health - giving waters, with those other requirements of custom which select, and refined society demands as a duty to itself and an emphasis upon its tran ccendent station. Just behind rose the hills, having gathered upon them a heavy quiet in grand and solemn rest, and into this the walkers strode silently, as seeking a share of the repose nature had spread over rugged slopes and rocks. They walked side by side upon a track that took them into the bosom of the hills, being softly touched by finger ing leaves, as they journeyed to the blacker shadows, being talked to by the soothing whisperings of the foliage and the yielding grass, asthey brushed onwards from the town. Their interview with Mivers brought to them no sense of exulta tion. It seemed to Brown the work had been but half finished, and the wrongs but half righted. What were a thousand pounds to him, much less two hundred ? How much did it weigh against the fate of Power — the eternal degradation and tyranny of convictisni ? What did a thousand pounds matter to that big arrogant face, that had laughed at his own sentence, and ground-in the bitter injustice with its malicious sneer P But Brown's ruminations were unspoken, and when they stopped before a kind of shelter that was more like a breakwind than a habitation, and entered, the younger of the men came listlessly forward and blew perse veringly upon the embers of a fire. When the glare became brighter and broader it shone on a strong face with dark eyes, a grand firm sweep of jaw, and a neck and throat like a pillar. An adroit placing of some half- burned legs effected a ruddy blaze, as he rolled a piece of granite oppo site the fire and sat down. Brown was already seated, showing dimly at intervals with the play of the fire. ' I don't think,' the latter said, ' we have done such a devil of a stroke after all, Bryan ; an if so be we'd ha' done more we'd ha' felt wuss — doin of more ineanin polishin off like.' Bryan Fitzgerald leaned back on a pile of wood, showing a strength and symmetry of which he was unconscious. ' So far as the work of to-night is concerned (and I sincerely wish it was undone) I am glad I did not strike the old man ; when he looked helpless there was great temp tation, all things considered ; what a miserable satisfaction it would have been, and what a miserable balancing this is?' He pulled ihe envelope from his pocket, holding it to the light. ' But you have done me a great service firjwn : not meaning this,' twisting the envelope, ' but by the words you spoke in reference to my mother. This is my first and last venture. I can work for her,' he held out an arm seemingly as hard and muscular as the limb of a racer. ' If she knew it, it would kill her ; we must have been insane.' ' So best lad : I feet desperate like when I see things goin to the bad, an I was to blame. Aye its only square work wot gives satisfaction. If the down as hev followed me all my life were off.' His flattened ugly ? face was scarred with the marks of fight ; the dents of healed wounds : the induratives of a life of reckloss struggle. To these came 'a strange softening as the man looked down at the cheerful blaze and shivered. ' Look here,' he added with a curse that was meant to be a blessing, ' it must all go for her, an if the old warrigal must shift for hisself he ken do it. She must be kept in comfort — it won't be for long. The sooner ye get that paper smashed the better. Old shiver-the-mizen may change his mind, and wot's more, he will, when he gets out in his coach an sees the swells about him. Go to the bauk, yc ain't known in Mindorf by no one, and if anything happens, I'll carry out the bargain ; depend on Jim Brown settlin of the account.' His mate took up a twig, thoughtfully, and nipped it through with his strong teeth. ' You'll wait till I come back ?' ' I'll wait till ye come back : but there's no use startin afore sunrise.' The comforting noises of the burning wood whispered out voices, as the fire danced grotesque images of the men upon the bark sheets ; against the face of Ihe granite .gable it caught the crystals, and sparkled them like tears, and upon the ridge pole, beyond which the stars were seen, were mystic lights. The darklings that broadened and drifted across the two faces gave them changing expressions of thought, while the blaze purred comfort and the embers crackled out companionship. There was not a sound out side, but that made by the leaves rustling on the bark, and nothing to be seen but the pure foilage that curtained the mia-mia. So the night lay over them, and the two faces settled down to calm and sleep. When the sun crept towards the mist upon the mountain ridge, and splashed it with red and yellow and rich fancies, the honest fire was still purring its lullaby to the sleepers. And when the day beams streamed on the leaves, and strained through, them in a shower, they fell on the rigid face of Brown at rest beneath its scars of fight, and rested ten derly on the white brow and powerful features of the younger. The grand psalm the morning sang, with its glories of newborn joy, and the melodies of the mighty chorus that had risen, stirred Brown to wakefulness. He looked over, with a start, at his companion, and rose silently from his position. It was but a couple of steps to where the young fellow reclined, and they were taken with acquired caution. Whether it was some dream that had visited him from a past of very long ago, or. whether the youth, and the lustre upon the figure lying peacefully in the sun crept upon him with an unusual warning, he paused dejectedly, and hesitated. If the fire was true his face showed signs of feeling that was a queer burlesque on pit}'. And how could the wavering glowings of such a light depict emotion on the hardened outcast who had fought the world, as Esau did, and struck back savagely for every buffet. How could it come about that the convict and burglar, who had shut his teeth sullenly behind prison walls, and girded them beneath the lash, should know emotion? It was a libel to say his eyes were moist, or that his broad hand shook in the least, as he laid it slowly on Fitzgerald's shoulder. Therein the mendacious fire must have lied. The voice that accom panied his hand was low and infirm nevertheless — ' Bryan, the sun's up.' Bryan opened bis eyes and shook himself. He turned his eyes to the frondage that was stooping in towards him from the entrance. ' We've oversleptour time.' ' No we ain't ; there's good four hours yet. Look here, I've been thinking I'd better take the paper. Mivers ain't to be trusted. We are doing this for her sake, not for ours. I'm not known.' ' So we are,' thought Brown aloud, sitting suddenly down, and resting his face between his palms to stare doggedly at the fire ; ' never thought o' that. Well hid, ye'd better go.' The young man lifted his hat from the floor, slashed dust and chips out of it against his thigh, and stepped out among the leaves. ' Wait till I come back.' frown did not turn his head, but replied to the fire, now blackening in the flood of sun, ' I'll wait till I know. If you don't ever come back — ' He gripped his jaws more firmly, and thought, ' If yer don't come back ? Well then sum'un must hev a interview along of Mr. James Brown, an Mr. James Brown's me.' He turned to see Fitzgerald walking down the hill -side, and his long shadow travelling beside him, rippling over bushes and tree trunks, and bear ing him company across pools of shining; water. 