THE BRISBANE COURIER. PUBLISHED DAILY. Thursday, May 1, 1879 When the heroine of a well-known burlesque opera is foiled in her attempt to win a desired lover, she turns to her destined husband with the sage reflection that "when one cannot have the man one loves, it is necessary to love the man one has." It is perhaps desirable that the Government in dealing with the A.S.N. Company should allow themselves to be influenced by a similar sentiment. As a community, we have been very desi- rous of finding a substitute for the Sydney company, and movements have been initiated at various times to attain that end. These movements have resulted hitherto in very decided failure. Some trade competition with the A.S.N. Company exists, and one competitor-the M.S.S. Company-has not only established itself on a sound basis, but is apparently growing. Never- theless we have seen that, for the service which the Government requires from steamers trading on the coast, the carriage of mails, the A.S.N. Company is the only tenderer. And, although it is possible to provide for the carriage of mails without a regular contract, the service carried on under such conditions would necessarily be inconvenient and irregular. The situa- tion with which we are faced is that a mail service under contract with the Northern Ports can only be obtained from the A.S.N. Company. We have tried to get others to undertake the work, but we can find no one. We cannot get what we would like, and we must put up with what we have got. As a community we have lately had a difference with the A.S.N. Company ; the battle has been fairly fought out, and we have won it. If in the heat of conflict some angry feeling was excited, that ought now to be laid aside. As a trading cor- poration the company is a commercial " institution" creditable to Australian en- terprise. On the whole, the practical monopoly of our coasting trade which the enterprise of the company so long secured for it, has not been greatly abused ; if our traders have had sometimes cause for com- plaint, they have also reaped many bene- fits from the vigorous manner in which the spread of coast settlement has been followed up by the steamers of the com- pany ; and they have faithfully performed their contract obligations to the Govern- ment of the colony. On the other hand, the vigor and enterprise which has been displayed by the company in prosecuting its business and ours may lead to some inconvenient results if our Government were to take up and maintain a hostile attitude towards it. Essentially a Sydney company, the proprietary naturally enough are personally interested in pushing Sydney trade. It is quite possible that, if deprived of the inducement of a sub- sidy to continue a port to port northern ser- vice, they may begin to run direct steamers to Sydney in order to secure the trade which is now shared by Brisbane. Such a result would be disadvantageous to the whole community ; we cannot afford to lose any part of the trade which the commercial depression has left to us. And the result of the tenders deprives us of the hope that the existing trade com- petition would be strong enough to pre- vent such a diversion if it were attempted by the A.S.N. Company in a determined spirit. The additional sum of about £2000 a year asked by the A.S.N. Company for a renewal of the weekly northern service is undoubtedly a serious consideration in the present state of our revenue. But it would be very unwise to diminish the facilities for transport and communication now enjoyed by the Northern Ports. No doubt the falling off in freights to a place like Cooktown has been very great, and the additional subsidy asked will not go very far towards equalising the profits now earned by steamers trading there with what they used to make. It is possible that the company could not continue the weekly service without the additional subsidy ex- cept at a positive loss. But that, although a good commercial reason for running fortnightly instead of weekly boats, ought not to weigh over much with the Government. These Northern Ports are the outlets of a district which, although its progress is weighed down by a temporary depression, is one of the most hopeful in the colony. Enough has been done to prove its mineral wealth. We know that the reefs of the Hodgkinson and Palmer, as well as of many other less noted fields, will afford profitable employ- ment to thousands of miners, and increase the wealth of the colony for an indefinite number of years. And, we can see clearly enough the reason why their development must be a work of time, although an as- sured ultimate success. It would be a most unwise policy on our part to handicap still further an industry already overweighted by natural causes, such as difficulties of land carriage, and artificially by the wholesale shipment of working capital to China. Yet it is well known that no more direct encouragement can be given to the pro- gress of settlement or the prosecution of an industry than affording frequent op- portunities of transport and communica- tion, and nothing will tend to cripple both as effectually as the withdrawal of these facilities. We cannot, in our present financial condition, spend much money in road making in these places, we cannot even dream of constructing railways for some years to come, but at least we can assist in keeping up regular and frequent water communication between the ports and the rest of the colony. It is therefore a ques- tion whether even in our present circum- stances it would not be better to spend the additional sum asked by the A.S.N. Company than to incur the risk of seriously injuring the progress of a part of the colony of which the prosperity directly and speedily affects the commerce of the whole. When to this consideration is added the possible risk of diverting a portion of the trade that legitimately belongs to the colony to the profit of our southern neighbors, we believe that the question should be answered in the affirmative. After all, it is just a bargain. Our Government is certainly not prepared to repeat the attempt made years ago to carry out the coastal mail ser- vice with their own vessels-they must get contractors to do it. Only one com- pany has answered their call for tenders, and it has made an offer which cannot under all the circumstances be considered unreasonable. If the Postmaster-General can make a better bargain let him do so ; but we can better afford, hard pushed as we are, to spend a little more money on a regular weekly service than to inflict such an injury on our trade as would be caused by its discontinuance, or even by its change to a fortnightly mail. We regret to learn from our telegraphic ad vices that the Victorians are to be disappointed in their very laudable desire to see the Prince of Wales among them at the opening of their Inter- national Exhibition next year. The presence of his Royal Highness at the opening of the exhi- bition would doubtless have been a great advant- age to the undertaking, and be auspicious an event as the visit of the Prince to these colonies would in itself have been a great attraction ; but even in these days of rapid communication it must all along have been very doubtful whether he could travel so great a distance from the seat of Government, however strong his desire to see the prosperity and wealth of " Greater Britain" in this quarter of the globe. As some doubts have been expressed as to the proper construction to be put on certain parts of the wool schedule of the Sydney International Exhibition, the Executive Commissioner has for- warded a circular to the commissioners of the various colonies in explanation. The official programme in all the other sections contemplates that every exhibit will be considered by the judges on its own inherent merits, just as in the case of the exhibits in the non- agricultural sec- tions at our National Exhibitions. Awards in the shape of medals will be given to all exhibits considered by the judges meritorious, irrespective of the superior merits of any other exhibit in the same class. It will be from the reports of the jurors, and not from, the medals or certificates, that the comparative, superiority of one exhibit over another in the same class can be known. With the wool schedule, however, it is different. This has been arranged on the competitive principle the best in any class to receive a silver and the second best a bronze medal-except in the case of extra exhibits not strictly competitive, which will be dealt with by the judges as explained above with respect to exhibits under all other sections. The question has arisen what con- struction the judges are to put on the word "best"-whether fineness, strength, or most value per lb. is intended. The Wool Committee has decided that the meaning and intention of the word " best" in the ordinary sub-classes and " most valuable" in the champion classes shall be left to the judges to determine ; and they are of opinion that, with a mixed court of wool experts and growers of high-class wools, selected by the commissioners of the various countries and colonies, satisfactory awards may be decreed, as was done at Paris. In addition to the ordinary prizes, a champion prize-gold medal-will be awarded to the best exhibit in all the merino classes ; and, at the discretion of the judges, a gold or silver medal for the best bale of washed wool. Some doubts have also been expressed as to the meaning of the terms " fine" and "strong" combing, and with respect to this it is explained that, although it is fully recognised that all wools to be fit for combing must be sound and strong, the term "strong" shall apply to such wools as are of a stouter or thicker fibre than those usually classed as "fine." We would here again remind woolgrowers that the wool show in connection with the International will not take place until January, so that all our woolgrowers can thus have an opportunity of showing wool of the present season's clip. As, however, the Queensland commission intend forming a wool trophy worthy of the colony, at the opening of the exhibition in September, many woolgrowers might be in a position to materially assist in this by forwarding to the commissioners any fleeces of superior wool they may have in their pos- session from last season's clip. We feel convinced that no woolgrower desirous of seeing our colony take its proper stand amongst other colonies, in the matter of our staple product, will begrudge the loan of a few fleeces for such a purpose. The regular meeting of the Sydney Exhibition Committee of the National Association was held on Tuesday. The members present were : Messrs. Gresley Lukin (chairman), Gregory, Mackay, Gordon, Fenwick, Staiger, and the secretary (Mr. Layton). Correspondence was read from the Agent-General, through the Colonial Secretary's department notifying that the show cases used at Philadelphia and at Paris had been shipped to the colony ; also the pictures prepared by Mr. Daintree, and such of the exhibits as were re- quested to be returned. Correspondence was road from Gympie, and from the northern goldfields, regarding exhibits of gold-bear- ing quartz, which gives every promise of being a fine collection, when arranged. Mr. Gregory stated that he would, as far as lay in his power, see to the collection of coal from the various districts. The care and classification of wool exhibits will be in the hands of Mr. Gordon. The Ipswich Woollen Company will be invited to contribute freely, in order to show in one trophy the progress of wool-growing and manufacture from the back of the sheep to the bales of substantial colonial tweeds. Mr. Mackay reported that the departments of Queensland products, including grain and seeds, as well as manufactured articles, in- cluding machinery of various kinds, were filling up satisfactorily. They would require consider- able steam power for the machinery exhibits from Queensland. Mr. Staiger submitted es- sences and essential oils from eucalyptus and other plants. It was agreed that the various sub-committees be invited to prepare reports of the progress made for the next meeting, and that the secretary prepare a statement of the expenditure authorised. A new and apparently sensational entertain- ment is announced to open at the School of Arts on Wednesday next, under the startling title of "Carlton's Ghost," The first direct shipment of South Sea Islanders arrived at Bundaberg by the schooner Lucy and Adelaide on April 21. They numbered eighty-one boys and seven girls, and on the following day they were drafted off to their several employers. We learn from the Chronicle that a meeting had been convened by circular to take place at the Royal Hotel, Maryborough, on Tuesday last, to consider the ways and means of establishing meat-preserving works. The court to hear and determine appeals against the assessment of property in the South, Valley, and Kangaroo Point Wards, was yester- day-in consequence of the valuer being confined to his bed and unable to attend-adjourned until May 14, at 11 o'clock in the forenoon. The sanitary state of the city depends in a great degree on a copious supply of pure water, and we are glad to learn that the Government are turning their attention to the subject. The hon. the Colonial Treasurer has instructed Mr. J. B. Henderson, of the Harbors and Rivers De- partment, to enquire into and report upon the present water supply of Brisbane, and as to the best means of increasing it. The full dress ball in aid of the Convalescent and Benevolent Home takes place in the large room of the Town Hall this evening, dancing to commence at 8 o'clock. The ball is announced as being under the patronage of his Excellency the Governor, and the committee have spared no effort to make the affair as great a success as possible. For the convenience of residents along the railway line who may wish to attend the ball, a special train will leave Brisbane at 1.30 o'clock to-morrow morning, calling at all the stations as far as Oxley. From the Bulletin we learn that a confinée in the Rockhampton Reception-house made his escape on the 24th instant. The escapee, Michael Barry, arrived in Rockhampton by the ship Car- natic, and after working on the railway line he returned to town, suffering from fever, and was admitted into the hospital. Subsequently, on his leaving that institution, he was apprehended and committed to the Reception-house, whence, as stated, he made his escape. After being a day at large he was re-apprehended and taken back to the Reception- house. The dramatic and musical medley, "The Governor," written expressly for Messrs. Baker and Farron, was produced at the Queensland Theatre last night, and was received by a full house with every mark of approval, the laughter caused by the performance of Mr. Baker as The Mock Governor, and of Mr. Farron as Corporal Mulcahy, the fictitious bride, being both loud and frequent. The other members of the com- pany appeared to have been cast for more con- genial parts than usual, and, on the whole, they played with great smoothness, and with very fair success, " The Governor" will be repeated to- night, and " Lisa Ecoles" will be presented on Friday and Saturday. Reports for the twenty-four hours ended at 9 o'clock yesterday morning show that the rain has been somewhat heavy at several of the western and south- western districts, though in East and West Moreton and at Toowoomba the quantity was so light as to be scarcely worth notice. The heaviest rain was at Stanthorpe (1.25in.) and Cunnamulla (0.50in,); Goondiwindi, Condamine, and Nive report from a quarter to half an inch, while Roma, St. George, Mitchell Downs, and Tambo all report rain, without giving the quan- tity. At Aramac, Clermont, and Springsure there was rain, but probably nothing more than showers. In the northern interior, as shown by reports from Junction Creek, Georgetown, and Palmerville, the weather continues fine. All the way up the coast the weather was fine, the only rain being 0.29in. at Cape Moreton. It was reported to the police officer in charge at the Harrisville police station, on the 15th April, that a child named Herman Gerchon, aged 5 years, the son of a German settler residing at Fassifern Scrub, was lost in the scrub. The senior constable immediately procured the assist- ance of a black boy, and proceeded to the scrub, but failed to get on the track of the missing child. He then with another constable and about fifty of the residents, formed in line at the place where the child was last seen, and from that point the party extended, and, on foot, ex- plored the dense scrub, and searched through an area of country having a radius of eight or nine miles. The search was continued for six days, about fifty persons forming the search party each day. On the fourth day the lost child's hat was found in the scrub about a half- mile from the house of a settler named Stevens, but no further trace of him was afterwards dis- covered. The general opinion in the neighbor- hood is that the child has been devoured by native dogs, which abound in the scrub. The usual monthly meeting of the Central Board of Health was held on Tuesday, there being present Dr. Prentice (in the chair), Drs. Bell, Cannan, and O'Doherty, Messrs. J. Finney, J. Petrie, and Pettigrew. The minutes of the pre- vious meeting having been read and confirmed, the secretary reported that the Health Act of 1872 had been reproclaimed in force within the municipality of Maryborough for six months, and that the Municipal Council of Brisbane had applied to have it reproclaimed in that municipality. The necessary instruc- tions were given to the secretary to take steps to have the Act proclaimed. Letters were read from the Municipal Council, in reply to a communication from the Central Board, stating that the Local Board of Health, nominated by the council, appeared to be most energetic and efficient, but that the council had no control over the Local Board, and that the responsibility of administering certain provisions of the Health Act rested rather with the Central Board than with the Municipal Council ; from the secietary of the South Brisbane Local Board of Health drawing attention to the necessity for draining the swamp in the neighborhood of the Wooloongabba Hotel, and enquiring if the Cen- tral Board would deal with it, or whether the Local Board should take action in the matter. Dis- cussion ensued with reference to the letter of the South Brisbane board, and it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Pettigrew, seconded by Dr. Cannan, that the Central Board of Health, having no power to deal with the matter in question, suggest to the Government the de- sirability of proclaiming South Brisbane a separate municipality. On the motion of Dr. O'Doherty, seconded by Dr. Cannan, it was resolved " that, in accordance with the suggestion of the Colonial Secretary, the Central Board of Health constitute themselves into a Committee of the Whole, to draw up a new Health Act." It was further arranged that the members of the Board shall meet every Tuesday and Friday until the draft of the new Act is prepared. Mr. Pettigrew tabled the fol- lowing notice of motion :-" That the present regulations of the Central Board of Health be altered so as to do away with allowing cesspits to be used in the city, and that nothing but dry earth-closets be made legal." This concluded the business. The April number of the Melbourne Review maintains the high tone of its clever read- able essays. " Political parties in Victoria" is an answer to an attack on the Conservatives that appeared in the January number of the Review ; it will, of course, possess more interest for Victorians than for outside readers. The next paper, by the Rev. W. H. Fitchott, is called the " Modern Pulpit," and is likewise an answer to an article on the same subject that appeared in the January number. It is a defence of the modern pulpit, but the writer takes up strange ground occasionally ; in one place he says-" To apply a gross commercial test, no preachers be- fore ever commanded such salaries, equal to that of the Prime Minister of Great Britain, as men like Beecher and Talmage receive." To gauge religious endeavors by a gross commercial test is certainly novel, to say the least of it. And in speaking of the large audiences drawn by the American Moody, he does not take into account that the popular notion of singing hymns to light and easily caught-up tunes had pos- sibly more to do with this than Mr. Moody's eloquence. Again, "flippant materialism," as applied to Professor Tyndall, looks as if the writer allowed his prejudices to influence him a good deal. " The Land Question in New Zealand and in Australia" is an interesting paper, clearly written. " Modern Legal Reform in England" is only a short and imperfect history of the Court of Chancery ; extolling the fusion of law and equity under the Judicature Acts of 1873 and 1875\. "Two theories for the working of Bi- cameral Legislatures" and " a review of Professor Max Muller's lectures on the Science of Lan- guage," are readable papers. The second part of Experiences during the Siege of Plevna is as graphic in its descriptions of the many skir- mishes and sorties of that period as the first. The author seems to bear honest testimony to the bravery always displayed by Osman Pasha. In our report of the first day's proceedings on the trial of the libel action, Groth v. Groom, published in Tuesday's issue, the libel itself is set out as consisting of certain statements, "with other defamatory remarks on the character, wealth, and respectability of the German resi- dents in the district of Toowoomba." It has been pointed out to us that in neither the alleged libel nor the article containing it did there appear any disparaging remarks in refer- ence to the German residents of the Toowoomba district as a body, but only to some of those chosen to represent them on the deputation to the late Premier. After a perusal of the statement of claim in the case, and of the article in question, we are in a position to state that this is the case ; and, in justice to Mr. Groom, publish the libel as it is actually set out in the pleadings. It is as follows :-" ' Another' (meaning the plaintiff, one of those who waited on Mr. Douglas) ' was the member of a firm who recently assigned their estate. One of the members of the said firm is now in Tenterfield Gaol, awaiting his trial on two charges of forgery and obtaining money under false pretences, and the member of the firm (meaning the plain- tiff) selected by Mr. Ruthning to wait on the Premier and represent the whole German population drew a cheque of £1 10s. on Thurs- day last in favor of the bailiff of the Small Debts Court to satisfy an execution, but when the cheque was presented there was not a shilling to pay it ' (meaning thereby that the plaintiff was a dishonest tradesman, and was the associate of persons guilty of felony and other crimes, and that he had uttered valueless cheques, and was a disreputable person without means and unworthy of credit, and with whom it would be unsafe to have any dealings)." The article in which these remarks are contained adds :-" Such is the character of some of the men chosen by Mr. Ruthning to represent the wealth, the respectability, and intelligence of the Germans." The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court were resumed before his Honor Mr, Justice Lilley yestorday. The first case disposed of was that of Thomas Dawson v. Donald M'Intyre, in which the plaintiff claimed £171 as commission on the sale of Llanarth station, in the Kennedy district. Tho plaintiff, who is an auctioneer and stock and station agent, carrying on business in Sydney, alleged that the defendant placed the station in his hands for sale, and agreed to pay him a com- mission of 1J per cent. The defendant, on the other hand, denied this, and affirmed that he himseif found the purchaser, and left the matter in the hands of the plaintiff to complete the Bale, agreeing to pay J per cent commission. The jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed. In the case of Lenehan v. Gillespie, a verdiot was given-by consent for the plaintiff for £100, the amount claimed (being money lent), with interest and costs. The case of Clune v. Donnelly was next called on, and an application was made on behalf of the defendant for a postponement, on the ground that |naw facts had just come to his knowledge, and of the absence of material evidence. His Honor decided to take some of the plaintiff's evidence on the following (this) day, and then to adjourn the further hearing of the matter for such period as may be considered necessary. The action Curator of Intestate Estates v. Watts has been settled out of court, and the only case now remaini ij on the cause list, beside Clune v. Donnelly, is that of the Queen v. John Austin and John Rudd, who, ¡twill be remembered,arebeingiproceeded against for working an illicit still. A public meeting was held last evening in Duffy's cottage, Caxton-street, in connection with the movement to provide school accommo- dation for the Catholic children of Brisbane. There was a numerous attendance of the resi- dents of the neighboring districts of Petrie terrace and the Oval, including several ladies. Bishop O'Quinn presided, and in his opening address reminded his audience that he had long since given a site for school purposes on the hill near the Waterworks-road, and expressed his regret that the erection of a school had been so long delayed. He hoped, how- ever, that the present movement would very soon supply the wants of this neighborhood as well as of other parts of the metropolis in the matter of schools, while the Union to be founded ¡n due time would enable the Catholics through, out the colony to provide every educational requisite for themselves independent of any Go- vernment. The Revs. J. J. Ahern and T. O'con- nell, rendered a report of their labors in can vassiug their parishes of Fortitude Valley and South Brisbaue for regular weekly subscriptions, showing that the prospects of the establishment of a permanent fund are most encouraging. Several resolutions were carried after being duly proposed and seconded. These included a pledge on the part of the meeting to support ,the movement, and the appointment of a sub- committee, consisting of-Messrs. W. Cassidy, E. Murphy, 3. Lynch, P. Keogh, J. O'sullivan, and W, Dwyer to represent the inhabitants of Petrie tornvce, the Oval, and Paddington, and co-operate with the general committee. A sum of £i4 previously collected for school purposes and deposited iu the Government Savings Bank, with two years' interest, was voted to the general fund for Brisbane Catholic Schools. In replying to some remarks from the mover and seconder of this last resolution, the Bishop said the inonoy would be placed in the general fund on the understanding that it would be expended for no other purpose than the erection of a school on Potrie-terrace. It was also understood that energetic efforts would be made by the general committee to start the building without delay. His lordship headed a subscription list with Í10 10s., and a collection thus initiated amounted to £25, and the sub- committee promised to secure further contributions. A vote of thanks to the Bishop brought the proceedings to a close. 