MISCELLANEOUS. May, reliot of the late John Hore, Esq., died on 25th February, at Templescaby, the residence of her nephew, J. Furlong, Esq., aged one hundred years. Mrs. Hore was a sister to Mr. Farlong, who, although protected by a flag of trace, was shot down by tbe sentinel of the English garrison at New Ross while carrying a summons to surrender from Mr. Harvey, commander of the Irish foroes, on 5th June, 1798. Another centenarian passes away. At his residence, Altennre Park, Co. Derry, on 12th February, Mr. Bernard Mcllhinney died at the extraordinary age of 115 years. Deceased was of a hind and gentle disposition, and possessed his mental faonlties till within two hours of his demise. Major Gray died on 14th Marob, at his residence, Graymount, near Belfast. Deceased was one of tbe largest landowners in the county Antrim. . The largest potato market ever seen in Carrick was held there on 15th March. Prices from 4d. to 5d. per stone. Commodore William Davies, late of the Indian Navy, died at his residence, The Garland, Mallow, on 14th March, from the effects of wounds received during the Indian Mutiny. Bos funeral tcok place on the following Monday, and was attended, not only by the gentlemen resident in the town ana neighbourhood of Mallow, Buttevant, and DoneraHe, but by many also from Cork and elsewhere. The inhabitants of Mallow also attended in great numbers, and the funeral cortege was the largest and most respeotable seen there for many years. When the coffin was brought from his residence, the large crowd of people present would not permit it to be borne on the bier, but insisted on carrying it on their shoulders to the burial ground, about a mile distant from his late residence. All the shops in the town were closed out of respect to his memory. His friends sent so many wreaths of flowers to place on his coffin, that , there was not room for them all. He was laid to rest in the Mallow Churchyard, amidst the tears, love, and respect of eveiyone who knew bim. At the Limerick Petty Sessions, recently, summonses were applied for against the Bev. Mr. Griffith, a Protestant olergyman. One of Mr. Griffith's parishioners, Mr. Clegg, recently changed his religion and beoame a Catholic, and it is alleged that the Bev. Mr. Griffith, while Mr. Clegg was on his deathbed, foreod his way into the apartment, addressed to the dying man strong reprosehes on his change of religion, and took away by foroe a crucifix which hung in the room, snd when remonstrated with by a Catholic lady in attendance on Mr. Clegg, called her a bias* phemer and idolater. The Bev. Mr. Griffith asked for summonses against this lady for assault, but at the same time expressed his regret for what had occurred, and a desire to have the matter settled. The magistrates granted the summonses on both sidea. Captain Murphy, the master of the steam tag Integrity, met his death on 20th March in a strange manner. The tug was lying opposite the City Quay, Dublin, when Captain Murphy, who was standing at the side of the vessel, was seized with a fit and fell overboard.' He was immediately picked up by a boat, but was foond to be dead. The deoeused was a middle-aged man and married. Mr. Frank Morgan, late one of tbe law agents of the Dublin Corporation, died at his residence on 15th March. The deceased gentleman, who had attained the-age, of seventy-five, had for more than a generation been one|of the law agents of the Corporation, being especially oharged with this management ot city estate. Mr. Morgan *as in early days a strong politician oftheadvancea Nationalist type, and was to '48 oompeHed to leave Dublin tor the Continent. _ . Great prominence was given in B»e report read on 19th Msaoh, *t ttie «>nual of the Cork Agricultural Society, to She question of the .better, trade in toe>SonthjaIIreland. The wport^Uled ^ifh 0^ ^ rally aobwwl^ ^ f W ffin t^ markets of Europe, and there seemed little doubt that this arose from its manufacture remaining stationary, or nearly so, while foreign countries are introducing various improvements with great success. On 14th Maroh, Spencer M'Carthy, law clerk in the Landed Estates' Court, Dublin was committed for trial to the Commission Court on a charge of having by neglect led to the death of his daughter, Martha M'Cartby, aged eight years. Bail was accepted. The two extensive cotton factories of Wsitworth, Westgate, and Greeabills of Drogheda, have ceased work. This has thrown upwards of twelve hundred people out of work, many of whom have gone to England in search of employment. The closing of the factories is muoh felt in Drogbeda. Archbishop MaoHale entered his eightyninth year on 6th Maroh, on whioh day his Grace was in his usual good health. On 12th Maroh a funeral prooession in military array passed through Sackvillestreet, conveying to Glasnevin Cemetery the remains of a yonng man, who, though unknown to the public daring life, was unusually honoured by his friends and&BBOciates; in death. Hundreds of working men who must have sacrificed their time and money, marched to the fnneral of John Plumber, a young but earnest and wellproved member of the Nationalist commonity. On a working-day, and during business bours, to findhundreds of working men thus attending a funeral is strange, but it showed the respect in which Mr. Plumber's memory is held by his brother Nationalists. It has been stated that whiskey has been distilled by the paupers on the premises of the south Dublin Union. The statement haB not, been oonfirmed, neither has it been denied; but as affeoting the amount ot alcohol which the inmates can secure, it is refreshing to read the late report of the committee. When they have the wherewithal to purchase, it seems they can obtain whiskey, beer, and porter, whenever they like. A remarkable feature has passed from amongst us, Mr. Lindsay, son of the late Bishop Lindsay, and a gentleman wellknown in Dublin musical and momentary circles. From his partiality for the violin, as well as a resemblance to the greatest preformer upon that instrument the world has ever had. Mr. Lindsay was niok-named " Paganini," and whether from a natural defect or a habit, he always used to keep his head drooped towards the left shoulder, as though he was operating on his favourite instrument. From what transpired at a trial a few years ago, in whioh Mr. Lindsay was defendant in a breach of promise snit, it would appear he dabbled a good deal in the bill discounting line, and he died enormousy rich, his cash assets alone being about £60,000. The bulk of his property goes to his nephew, Colonel Lindsay. The tenants on the estate of John Maguire, of Flintown, held their farms under a lease at almost nominal rents. The last life expired a few months ago, and two arbitrators were appointed to fixthe rents. The arbitration gave satisfaction to all concerned, but Mr. Maguire struck ofl from 19 to 15 per cent, of the rents settled by it. The schooner Jilt, of St. Mary's, Isle of M&n; (Sunbury, master), from Tralee to Cahirciveen, with 156 tons of maize, for Bichard Latchford, reached the latter port after a lengthened and dangerous voyage, in the course of whioh she was driven some hundred miles into the Atlantic, visited Scotland, and oircumnavigated Ireland, being exactly seven weeks in trying to sail about 60 miles. The vessel left the Samphires, Tralee, on the 8th January with four hands, and all went well until a gale sprang up from the south-east, which drove her far in the Atlantio. In three days a point about 300 miles to the west of Tory Island was reached. Here the wind veered round to the north-west, afterwards changing to^the south-west, and the gallant little craft, after battling a week with the full fury of the Atlantio, found safety in Tobermoray, in the Highlands of Scotland. They remained at Tubermoray a week, and then set sail around south, arriving at Cahirciveen exactly seven weeks after leaving Tralee. When the Lord Lieutenant went to the theatre the other night, some flunkeyin tbe. gallery cried out " three cheers for tbe Lord Lieutenant," but nobody oheered. It was like the "voice of one crying in the wilderness" —a solitary voice. Some one then shouted three cheers for the Zulus." Everyman in the house Btarted. to his feet; the oheering was prolonged, enthusiastic, and loud as the roar ofiDisraeli's " melancholy ocean." William Habron, the young Irishman from Mayo, who- was under sentence of penal servitude for the murder, in' 1876, of A polioemanatWhalleyrange, near Manchester, has received a free pardon. Before his execution the notorious Peace confessed that be (Peace) had perpetrated the crime. John Bright wrote some time ago deolaring his belief in Hebron's innocepce. A man named Carberry has died from injuries received during arioton St. Patrick's Day at Keady, near Armagh. Alfred M'Kenzieis in cuitody on a charge of having caused the injuriee. In January, 1878, a farmer named Patrick Kearney was murdered in the County Glare, and one Patrick M'Namara waa arrested for die crime. He was tried three times by a jury, and not convicted. The authorities, feeling they could not convict him on a fourth trial, released him on his own recognizance, but. with the proviso that he shonld leave the country. Hewas accordingly put on board a steamer at Queens*, town and chipped for America. The JUBH papers say it was a groeg injustice$ if the man was innocent he shoida have been per- mittedto remain at home, and the law presumes him innocent until found guilty, and if guilty he should suffer. At the Cork Assizes, cm 21»t March, the breach of promise of marriage—Sutton Nolan—was heard. This was an action for breach of promise to marry. Damages were laid at £2000. The plaintiff, a young l»dy> now about 21 years of age, named Anne Sutton, was the daughter of Mrs. Sutton, who for many years carried on business at St. Patrick's-quay, Cork. She was most respectably connected in Cork, her uncle being well known there, and her family had been for very many years engaged in commercial pursuits in the city. The defendant, William Nolan, was the eldest son of Mr. Nolan, of Limerick, who carried on bueineBs there extensively as a corn merchant, a man in most excellent position both commercially and socially. The jury awarded the young lady £350 damages. The Bev. C. P. Meeban haB presented to bis old schoolfellow, now Pope Leo XIII., three beautifully bound volumes. They are our gifted fellow-countryman's historical works, the Geraldines," the " Franciscan Order," and tbe " Pall and Fortunes of O'Neill and O'Donnell." The binding which could not be surpassed by the most famous establishments in Paris or London, was executed by a Dublin firm. A number of yearlings in the Killadysert district and other parts ef West Clare recently suooumbed to a disease supposed to be " Blaok Leg," and as it is contagious it is feared many more of the cl&bS; of oattle referred to will be affected. The mortality for the last two months amongst sheep, suffering from liver disease, has somewhat abated. At Toughal, a Dr. Dale, a gentleman recently returned from Australia, was committed for trial on s charge of having fired a revolver from a hotel window at a man passing through the street. He explained the matter by saying that he had taken punch after Strychnine, and that it " upset " him. Brother P. J. O'Connor, of the Christian sohools, was long known to every citizen of Galway. He was a man who seemed born to convince an incredulous generation, that what we read in Colgan of the Irish saints was no fiction, but that the " island of saints" in old times was really trod by men go pure, so exalted, so benevolent, so thoroughly impregnated with Christian charity —such living temples of the Holy Ghost— that the birds of the air came down, closed their wings on their shoulders, and pecked food from their hands. Brother P. J. O'Connor was of that order of men. He seemed to be a revived Columbia—another St. Seven or Lawrence O'Toole, whose mere example had an edifying effect on the " city of the tribes." "Who can wonder, then, u an effort is made by those who were edified by his example and instructed by his teachings, to endeavour to raise a monument to his memory F The Mayor has returned to Dublin from London after presenting the historic candelabrum to the Duke of Oonnanght. The Royal family does not appear to have treated our Chief Magistrate with that attention to which the representative of the Irish capital was entitled. The moment the presentation was over, the Duke of Connaught hurried away, and the Mayor and his mends were entertained at that sorriest of all repasts—a banquet without a host. Not invited to a seat at the marriage ceremony, the Lord Mayor of Dublin is wroth. A young man, while employed ploughing field in a village called Seotstown, within a few miles of Monaghan, ploughed up some valuable ancient ornaments. The articles consist cf two semicircular ornaments, about the size of a man's little finger. These ornaments are of pure gold, fluted, and having small dices which tarn upwards. Together with these, he found some bronze ringe, perfectly whole, aud some fragments of broken ones. The golden ornaments have the appearance of ladies' cloak fasteners used some centuries ago, while the appearance of tbe rings would suggest to one that a likeness existed between them and the ring money which formerly circulated in Ireland. The gold which is contained in the first mentioned articles is worth £4. The wedding morning arrived; the guests arrived also, and things were all snug for a big time. The expectant bride, Miss Bridget Walsh, daughter of a well-to-do Limerick farmer, blushed at the least allusion to Michael Hannan of Ballyeullane, and anxiously listened to every approaching step. At last Bridget became disconsolate—no Lochinvar came; Mickey, the blackguard, had sailed that very morriing from Queenstown for the United States. Amotion to bring a suit and substitute service for breach of promise, damages £1000, was, on 24th February, filed in the Court of Queen's Bench. Steps are being taken to build a new town hall in Clonmel. The Great Globe Commercial Mart has been chosen for the site. The Duke of Leinster some time ago had drown up a certain form of lease, the conditions of whioh all the tenants on his estates, with tbe exoeption of the authorities of May* nooth College, accepted. When the latter were communicated with on the sabjeot with respeot to a small piece of land, consisting of •bout three fields, which they hold from the Dnke, the Bursar replied that he was nuable to agree to the proposed lease tillthe meeting of the governing board in June. Hr. Hamilton, the agent, as,the gale day was inMarch, Served the college with a notice to quit with! respect to the three fields before mentioned, but appended to the document a notice to the effect that if the lease were agreed to the notice would be withdrawn. • An outrage-of an unnsual character was recently perpetrated at Castlerea on a fanner. He had recently obtained compensation from tbe Grand Jury for malicious injury to some of his horses, and was proceeding homeward by train when a quarrel ensued between himself and some men who occupied the same compartment, and he was flung out of the window while the train was in motion near Castlerea. One of his legs was broken, and will have to be amputated. Cheering newB for the working oiasses of Limerick has been received by telegram from London. Most of the tenders from the Limerick Army Clothing ^Factory, Edwardstreet, for the supply of uniforms for the various rigiments of [the army, have been acoepted. The order is one of the heaviest obtained since tbe extensive establishment at Limerick passed from Sir Peter Tait, and it means work all the year round for some 600 girls and women, and a considerable number of operatives. Recently a drunken and riotous polioeman, in DubliD, behaved with great violence in a Saturday night street row. Well, how do they punish a " peeler" of this kind ? They bring him before a private meeting of the Police Commlsioners, tbe proceedings at whose meetings are kept secret; they reprimand him, or fine off a few shillings of his pay for a week; but they do not produce him in the open magistrate's court, where the focus of the public eye oan cover him. No, they have one law for the police and another for the people. That's how John Bull rules in Ireland. At the residence of ;John O'Hare, at Lisduff, about three miles from Newry, reoently, the police, aoting on information received,- entered and seized a quantity of potheen, and several vats full of wort and potale. In explanation, O'Hare said to *he police, " An ould diBtiller brought it (tbe still) there, and rah off and left me in the lurch, bad luck to him." A committee of ladies, headed by the Duchess of Marlboro', have agitated the question in Dublin of providing seats for lady attendants in stores, and have gained their point. It is announoed that in futu re all the drapery and other stores are to provide seats for the saleswomen.^ This is a good thing, and should be copied in this country, where poor girls are frequently compelled to stand for ten hours daily. The Rev. John M. Canon Buckley, P.P. of Cloyne, died at that place reoently. The deceased clergyman was in the fifty-fifth year of his aae, and in the twenty-sixth year of his saored ministry. A ship arrived recently at Queenstown from the west coast of Africa, with palm oil; only one man, like the ancient mariner, was on board when she arrived, all the rest of the crew having died with yellow fever. On the 12th Maroh a terrible accident occurred in the Convent of the Good Shepherd, Ballynareigh, in the suburbs of Belfast, by which a young woman named Ellen O'Neill lost her life. The deoeased, who was an inmate of the convent, was engaged in putting some clothes into a large boiler or cistern filled with hot water, when she suddenly lost her balance and fell in head foremost. When the poor girl was discovered her feet only were visible above the water. Though the injuries sustained were of a shocking nature, she survived for some ten hours in the most intense agony. Beoently the body of Mr. Wiiliam Wright, a respeoted farmer, and father of Bev. Mr. Wright, was found dead about ten perches from hiB residenoe, at Finnards, near Newry. He was in his ordinary health in the morning. It is supposed heart disease caused his death. The returns from, the Irish Savings Bank, compiled by Dr.' Hancock, for the past year, shew a falling-off in the deposits and cash balances in joint-stock banks of £1,516,000, as compared with the preceding year. Between 1876 and 1877 there was a decrease of £1,090,000. The decrease is accounted for by the depression which has generally prevailed for the last two years. The official return of the Registrar- General confirms the statements made recently by the Lord- Lieutenant that there has been an increase in emigration during the past year. It amounts to only 401 persons, the total number of emigrants last year having been 41,826. The largest number—16,240—emigrated from the Province of Ulster. Munster ranks next in the number of emigrants, 12,838; while Leinster sent out 7371, and Connaught 4688\. It is curious to observe that the proportion of the emigrants to the rest of the population was exactly the Bame in Leinster and Connaught—namely, 5.5 per 1000\. The whole flood ef emigration from 1851 to 1878 composed no fewer than 2,627,443 persons, of whom 32,338 were persons belonging to other countries, and the rest natives of Ireland. It appears that 68.5 per cent, of the emigrants were between the ages of fifteen and thirty- five years. The percentage over that age was 14.5, and of children 17.0 per cent. Talin Bey, a nephew of Osman Pasha, has been for some time loaated in the Constabulary Depot, Phanix Park, learning the trade of a polioeman. When he got through at the Depot, he went down to Maryborough, and finished his education under the tutelage of Mr. Brigbam, Sub-Inspeotor. Talin is to be second in command under the notorious Baker Pasha, who is now. the leader of the gendarmerie in Turkey. Baker thought the Irish system a oomplete one—and so it is— and wants to introduce it into his adopted oounby. , He v. William Orr.PreBbyterian minister, died euddenly, on 1st March, athis residenoe, Kilbride, Co. Antrim. On that night he :xetired to bed, and was found in about an hour afterwards dead in hiB bed. The Very Eev. Father Pacific™, Passionist, late Rector of Holy Cross, Belfast, died, 7th March, at St. Paul'H retreat, Harold's Cross, Dublin. John Rea gave them a dose in tbe Belfast Police Court reoently. He was engaged in a dog- fighting oase, which he commenoed by objecting to the presence of one of themaeistrates on the bench; he then read an almost endless affidavit on tbe history of Ulster since the plantation, and wound up in a vituperative cross fight, in whioh choice expletives were freely used. Tbe magistrates rose, but werfi powerless to Btem the torrent. John came off with flyingcolours—in the arms of the police. John is an Orangeman and a Fenian, and—a big injun. . The Lord-Lieutenant has revoked the licenses to carry arms of John Rea, solicitor, Belfast, and of Daniel Healy, of County Kerry. John Rea is an Orange-Fenian, and Mr. Healy perhaps a Fenian without the Orange. The Grand Orange Lodge held a meeting in Belfast, recently, and resolved -.—"That thiB county grand lodge observes with regret that the Mayor of Belfast received a letter from the Chief Secretary for Ireland, suggesting that the Town Council would pass a by- law to prohibit bands and processions passing through the town; that this grand lodge again expresses its determination to resist any attempt at such special or exceptional legislation." Mr. John Griffin, ex-postmaster at the Curragh, found guilty, on 15th March, of having stolen letters, was sentenced to five years' penal servitude by Chief Baron Pallas. The scene in court was of a most painful character, the prisoner's wife and six children being present. Mrs. Monica Purcell, of Halverstown, died recently at the advanced age of 75 years. The deceased was the widow of the late Peter Purcell, founder of the "Royal Agricultural Society," celebrated in connection with the contracts for royal mail coaches, and the owner of the wellknown Imperial Hotel, Sackville-street, DuMin. The Cork assizes were opened on 18th March. The cases were very few and trivial. Justice Fitzgerald had before him an important appeal case. The appellant was the Earl of Bantry, and tbe respondents were the Rev. John Cullinane and thirtyeight other persons residing in the town of Macroom. The Earl of Bantry at the Macroom Sessions brought an ejectment against the respondents for the recovery of certain lands and premises in the town, alleging that the tenancy was yearly, but it was dismissed by the chairman on the ground that there was en outstanding lease of lives on the property, and that one of these lives was still in existence. Tfc? court affirmed the dismiss. 