The Storyteller. Vixen.* CHAPTER XX. THE VOW IS VOWED. BY MISS BRADDON, AUTHORESS OF "AURORA FLOYD" &C.;, &C.; ONLY a chosen few had been bidden to Mrs. Tempest's wedding. She had told all her friends that she meant everything to be done very quietly. "There is so much that is saddening in my position," she said pensively. But ahe was re solved that those guests who were asked to lend their oountenanoe to her espousals should be the very best people. Lord and Lady Ellangowan had been asked and had accepted, and their presence alone would lend dignity to the occasion.' Colonel and Mrs. Carteret, from Copse Hall; the Chopnells, of Chopnell Park; and about half-«-dosen other re : presentative landowners and commoners made np the list M There is suoh a satisfaction in knowing they are all the best people," Mra> Tempest said to Captain Winstanley, when they went over the list together. His own friends were but two, Major Pontor son, his best man, and a clerical cousin, with a portly figure and a port-winey nose, who was to assist Mr. Scobel in the marriage service. It was a very pretty wedding, the neighbor; hood declared unanimously ; despite the absence of that most attractive feature in more youthful bridals—a string of girlish bridesmaids. The little church at Beechdale was a bower of summer flowers. The Abbey House conservatories had been emptied—the Ellangowans had sent a waggon-load of ferns and exotics. The atmos phere was heavy with the scent of yellow roses and stephanotis. Violet stood among the guests, pale as marble; no gleam of color on her cheeks except the wavering hues reflected from the painted win dows in the low gothic chancel—the ruddy gold of her hair shining under the Vandyke hat with its sweeping feather. She was the loveliest thing in that crowded church, whither people had come from ten miles off to Bee Squire Tempeat'a widow married ; but she had a spectral look in the faint light of the chancel, and seemed as strange an image at this wedding as the ghost of Don Ramiro at Donna Clara's bridal dance. Violet did not look like the malevolent fairy in the old story, but she had a look and air which told everyone that this marriage was dis tasteful to her. When all was over and the register had been signed in the vestry, Captain Winstanley came up to her, with both hands extended, before all the company. " My dear Violet, I am your father now," he said. " Tou shall not find me wanting in my duty." She drew back involuntarily; and then, seeing herself the focus of so many eyes, suffered him to touch the tips of her fingers. " Tou are very kind," Bhe said. " A daughter can have but one father, and mine is dead. I hope you will be a good husband to my mother. That is all I can desire of you." All the best people heard this speech, which was spoken deliberately, in a low clear voice, and they decided inwardly that, whatever kind of wife Captain Winstanley might have won for himself, he had found his match in his step* daughter. Now came the drive to the Abbey House, which had put on a festive air, and where smartly dressed servants were lending their smiles to a day which they felt to be the end of a peaceful and comfortable era, and the beginning of an age of uncertainty. It was like that day at Versailles when the Third Estate adjourned to the tennis court, and the French Revolution began. People smiled, and were pleased at the new movement and expectancy in their lives, knowing not what was coming. " We are bound to be. livelier, anyhow, with a military master," said Pauline. " A little more company in the house wouldn't come amiss, certainly," said Miss Trimmer. "The right of republishing- "Vixen" In Queensland has been purchased by the proprietors of the Queenslander. "I should like to see our champagne cella r better stocked," remarked Forbes, the butler* " We're behind the times in our sparkling wines." Captain Winstanley entered the old oak-panel led hall with his wife on his arm, and felt him self master of such a houae as a man might dream of all hia life and never attain. Money could not have bought it Taste could not have created it. The mellowing hand of time, the birth and death of many generations, had made it beautiful. The wedding-breakfast was as other wedding feasts. People ate and drank and made believe to be intensely glad, and drank more sparkling wine than was good for them at that abnormal hour, and began to feel sleepy before the speeches, brief as they were, had come to an end. The August Bun shone in upon the banquet, the creams and jellies languished and collapsed in the sultry air. The wedding cake waa felt to be a nuisance. The cracker bonbons exploded faintly in the languid hands of the younger guests, and those ridiculous mottoes, which could hardly amuse anyone out of Earlawood Asylum, were looked at a Bbade more contemptuously than usual. The weather was too warm for enthusiasm. And Violet's pale set face was almost as disheartening aa the skeleton at an Egyptian banquet When Mrs. Tempest retired to put on her travelling dress Violet went with her, a filial attention the mother had in no wise expected. " Dear girl," she said, squeezing her daughter's hand, " to-day is not to make the slighest dif ference." " I hope not, mamma," answered Violet gravely; " but one can never toll what is in the future. God grant you may be happy I" " I'm sure it will be my own fault if I am not happy with Conrad," said the wife of an hour, M and, oh, Violet I my constant prayer will be to see you more attaohed to him." Violet made no reply, and here happily Pauline brought the fawn-colored travelling-dress, em broided with poppies and cornflowers in their natural colors, after the style of South Kensing ton, a dress so distractingly lovely that it natur ally put an end to serious conversation. The whole costume had been carefully thought out, a fawn-colored parasol, edged with ostrich feathers, a fawn-colored bonnet, fawn-colored hessian boots, fawn-colored Swedish gloves with ten buttons — all prepared for the edification of railway guards and porters, and Scotch innkeepers and their valetaille. Verily there are some games which seem hardly worth the candle that lights the players. And there was once upon a time an eccentric nobleman who was accounted maddest in that he made his wife dress herself from head to foot in one color. Other times other manners. Violet stayed with her mother to the last, received the last embrace—a fond and tearful one—and watched the carriage drive away from the porch amidst a shower of rice. And then all was over. The best people were bidding her a kindly good-bye. Carriages drove up quickly, and in a quarter of an hour everyone was gone except the vicar and his wife. Vixen found her self standing between Mr. and Mrs. SoobeL, look ing blankly at the old hearth, where an artistic group of ferns and scarlet geraniums replaced the friendly winter fire. " Come and spend the evening with us, dear," said Mrs. Scobel kindly ; " it will be so lonely foryou here." " But Violet pleaded a headache, a plea whioh was confirmed by her pale cheeks and the dark rings round her eyes. " I shall be better at home," she said. " I'll come and see you in a day or two, if I may." " Come whenever you like, dear; I wish you would come and stay with us altogether. Ignatius and I have been so pleased with your conduct to-day, and we have felt for you deeply, knowing what a conquest you have made over yourself." The Reverend Ignatius murmured his acquies cence. " Poor mamma 1" sighed Violet, " I am afraid I have been very unkind." And then she looked absently round the old familiar hall, and her eye lighted on the squire's favorite chair, which still stood in its place by the hearth. Her eyes filled with sudden tears. She fancied she could see a Bhadowy figure sitting there. The squire in his red coat, his long bunt ing whip across his knee, his honest loving face smiling at her. She aqueezed Mrs. Scobel's friendly hand, bade her and the vicar a hurried good- bye, and ran out of the room, leaving them looking after her pityingly. " Poor girl," said the vicar's wife, " how keenly she feels it I" "Ah I" sighed the vicar, " I have never been in favor of second marriages. Tbe widow is happier if she so abide, after my judgment, as St. Paul sayß." Vixen called Argus and went up to her room, followed by that faithful companion. When she had shut and locked her door, she flung herself on the ground, regardless of Madame Theodore's masterpiece, and clasped her arms round the dog's thick neck, and buried her face in his soft hide. " Oh, Argus, I have not a friend in the world but you 1" Bhe sobbed. Chapter XXI. WAR TO THE KNIFE. A STRANGE stillness came upon the Abbey House after Mrs. Tempest's wedding. Violet received a few invitations and morning calls from friends who pitied her solitude; but the best people were for the most part away from home in August and September; some no farther than Bournemouth or Weymouth ; others roam ing the mountainous districts of Europe in search of the picturesque or the fashionable. Violet did not want society. Sbe made ex cuses for refusing all invitations. The solitude of her life did not afflict her. If it could have continued for ever, if Captain Winstanley and her mother could have wandered about the earth, and left her in peaceful possession of the Abbey House, with the old servants, old horses, old dogs, all things undisturbed as in her father's time, she would have been happy. It was the idea of change, a new and upstart master in her father's place, whioh tortured her. Any delay which kept off that evil hour was a blessed relief; but, alas 1 the evil hour was coming, it was dote at hand, inevitable. That autumn proved ex ceptionally fine. Scotland cast aside her mantle of mist and cloud, and dressed herself in sun shine. The Trossachs blossomed as the rose. Gloomy gray glens and mountains put on an apparel of light. Mrs. Tempest wrote her daughter rapturous letters about the tour. "We move about very Blowly," she said, "so as not to fatigue me. Conrad's attention is more than words can describe. I can Bee that even the waiters are touched by it. He telegraphs beforehand to all the hotels, so that we have always the beat rooms. He thinks nothing too good for me. It is quite saddening to see a herd of travellers sent away, houseless, every evening. The fine weather is bringing crowda to the High lands. We could not have travelled at a more favorable time. We have had only a few showers, but in one, on Loch Katrine, my poor fawn colored dresa Buffered. The scarlet of the poppies ran into the blue of the cornflowers. Is it not a pity? I was quite unconsoious of what was going on at the time; and afterwards, when I discovered it, I could have Bhed tears. " I hope when you marry, darling, you will oome to Scotland for your honeymoon. The mountains seem to appeal to one's highest feel ings. There are ponies, too, for the ascent: which ia a great comfort if one is wearing pretty boots. And you know, Violet, my idea that a woman should be essentially feminine in every detail I never could bring myself to wear the horrid clump-soles which some women delight in. They seem to me to indicate that strong-minded and masculine character which I detest. Such women would want the suffrage, and to have the learned professions thrown open to them. I meet ladies—or, at last, persons calling them selves such—in horrid waterproof-costumes and with coarse cloth hats. Hideousness could go no farther. Aud, though I regret the loss of my fawn-color, I can but remember with satisfaction what Theodore alwaya says to me when she ahowß me one of her chef d'ceuvres: ' Mrs. Tern peat, it is a dress fit for a lady.' There are soandaious wretches who declare that Theodore began life as a kitohenmaid in an Irish inn, but I, for one, will never believe it Suoh taste as hers indicates a refined progeniture." With such letters as these did Mrs. Winstanley comfort her absent daughter. Vixen replied as best she might, with scraps of news about the neighbors, rich and poor, the dogs, hones, and garden. It was hateful to her to have to direct her letters to Mrs. Winstanley. The daya went on. Vixen rode from early morning till noon, and rambled in the forest for the best part of the afternoon. She used to take her books there, and pit for hours reading on a mossy bank under one 6f the boughy beeches, with Argus at her feet. The dog was company enough for her. She wanted no one better. At home the old servants were more or less friends —their faces always pleasant to Bee. Some of them had lived with her grandfather; most of them had served her father from the time he in herited his estate. The Bquire had been the most conservative and indulgent of masters ; always liking to see the old faces. The butler was old, and even on his underling's bullet-head the gray hairs were beginning to show. Mrs. Trimmer was at least Bixty, and had been get ting annually bulkier for the last twenty years. The kitcbenmaid was a comfortable-looking per son of forty. There was an atmosphere of do mestic peace in the offices of the Abbey House which made everybody fat It was only by watchfulness and tight lacing that Pauline pre served to herself that grace of outline which she spoke of in a general way as " figure." " And what a mite of a waist 1 had when I first went out to service 1" she would say pathe tically. But Pauline was now in Scotland, harassed by unceasing cares about travelling-bags, bonnet boxes, and extra wraps, and under-valuing Ben Nevis as not worth half the trouble that was taken to go and look at him. The gardeners were gray headed, and remem bered potting the first fuchsia-Blips that ever came to the Forest. They had no gusto for new fangled ideas about cordon fruit trees or root pruning. They liked to go their own way, as their fathers and grandfathers had done before them ; and, with unlimited supplies of manure, they were able to produce excellent cucumbers by the lat oi May, or a fair dish of asparagus by about the same time. If their produce waa late it was because nature went against them. They could not command the winds, or tell the sun that he must shine. The gardenß at the Abbey House were beautiful, but nature had done more for them than the squire's old gardeners. The same rose-trees budded and bloomed year after year ; the same rhododendrons and azaleas opened their big bunches of bloom. Eden could have hardly owed less to culture. The noble old cedars, the mediteval yews, needed no gardener's hand. There was a good deal of weeding, and mowing, and rolling done from week's end to week's end : and the borders were beautified by banks of geranium and golden calceolaria, and a few other old- fashioned flowers ; but scientific horticulture there was none. A few alterations had been begun under Captain Winstanley's direc tions ; but the work languished in his absence. It was the beginning of September, and the travellers were expected to return within a few days—the exact date of their arrival not being announced. The weather was glorious, warmer than it had been all through the summer ; and Vixen spent her life out of doors. Sad thouguta haunted her leas cruelly in the great wood. There was a brightness and life in the forest which cheered her. It was pleasant to see Argus' enjoyment of the fair weather ; his wild rushes in among the underwood ; his pursuit of invisible vermin under the thick holly-bushes, the brambles and bracken ; his rapturous rolling in the dewy graß* where he flung himself at full length and rolled over and over, and leaped as if he had beeu revelliug in a bath of freshest water; pleasant to see him race up to a serious-minded pig, and scrutinise that stolid animal closely, and then leave him to his sordid researches after edible roots, with open contempt, as who should aay : " Can the same acheme of creation include me and that vulgar brute ?" All things had been set in order for the return of the newly married couple. Mrs. Trimmer had her dinner ready to be put in hand at a moment's notice. Violet felt that the end of her peaceful life was very near. How would she bear the change ? How would she be able to behave herself decently? Well she would try her best, Heaven giving her strength. That was her last resolve. She would not make the poor frivolouß mother unhappy. " Forgive me, beloved father, if I am civil to the usurper," ahe said. "It will be for my mother's sake. Tou were always tender and in dulgent to her; you would not like to see her unhappy." These were Vixen's thoughts one bright Sep tember morning, aa ahe sat at her lonely little breakfast-table in the sunny window of her den, with Argus by her aide, intensely watchful of every morsel of bread-and-butter she ate, though he had already been accommodated with half the loaf. She was more amiably disposed than usual this morning. She had made up her mind to make the best of a painful position. " I shall alwayß hate him," ahe told herself, meaning Captain Winstanley ; " but I will begin a career of Christian-like hypocrisy, and try to make other people believe that I like him. No, Argus," as the big paw tugged her arm pleadingly, "no ; now really thia is sheer greediness. Tou can't be hungry." A piteous whine, as of a dog on the brink of starvation, seemed to gainsay her. Just then the door opened, and the middle-aged footman entered. " Oh, if you please, miss, Bates says would you like to Bee Bullfinch ?" "To Bee Bullfinch ?" echoed Vixen. v What's the matter ? Is he ill ? Is he hurt ?" " No, miss ; but Bates thought as how may be you'd like to see 'un before he goes away. He's Bold." Vixen turned very pale. She started up, and stood for a few moments silent, with her strong young hands clenched, just as she gripped them on the reins sometimes when Arion was running away with her and there were bogs in front " I'll come," she Raid, in a half-suffocated voice. " He has aold my father's horse after all," she said to herself, as she went towards the stables. "Then I shall hate him openly all my life. Tea, everybody shall know that I hate him." She found the stables in some commotion. There were two strangers, gloomy-looking men, standing in front of Bullfinch's loose-box, and all the stablemen had ostne out of their various holes, and were standing about Bates looked grave and indignant " There isn't a finer horse in the county," he muttered ; " it's a shame to send him out of it" Vixen walked straight up to the strange men, who touched their caps, and looked at her ad miringly ; her dark blue cloth dress fitted her like a riding-habit, her long white throat was bare, her linen collar tied loosely with a black ribbon, her chestnut hair wound into a crown of plaits at the top of her head. The severe simpli city of her dress set off her fresh young beauty. " She's the prettiest chestnut filly I've seen for a long time," one of the grooms said of her after wards. " Thoroughbred to the tips of her ears." " Who has bought the horse ?" she asked authoritatively. "My master, Lord Mallow, miss," answered the superior of the men. "Tou needn't be anxiouß about him ; he'll have a rare good borne." " Will you let me see the order for taking him away ?" " Tour groom has got it, miss." , Bates showed her a sheet .of paper on whioh Captain Winstanley had written : Trossao'a Hotel, September 1,1870. The bay horse. Bullfinch, is to be delivered, with clothing, so. , to Lord Mallow's groom. ' 0 WnWTANLKT. Vixen perused this paper with a countenance full of suppressed rage. " Does your master give much money for this horse f Bhe asked, turning to the groom. " I haven't heard how muoh, miss." Of course the man knew the sum to a penny. " But I believe it's a tidyiah lot." " I don't suppose I have as much money in the world," said Vixen, " or I'd buy my father's horse of Captain Winstanley, since he is so badly in want of money, and keep him at a farm." " I beg your pardon, miss," said the groom, " but the hoss is sold. My master has paid his money. He's a friend of Captain Winstanley's. They met somewhere in Scotland the other day, and my lord bought the horse on hearsay ; a_d I must Bay I don't think he'll be disappointed in him." " Where are you going to take him." " Well, it's rather an awkward journey across country. We're going to Melton. My lord is going to hunt the hoss in October, if he turns out to my lord's satisfaction." " Tou are going to take him by rail f" " Tes, miss." "He has never been by rail in his life. It will kill him I" cried Vixen alarmed. " Oh, no, it won't, miss. Don't be frightened about him. We shall have a padded box and everything tip-top. He'll be as snug and as tight as a sardine in its case. We'll get him to Leicestershire as fresh as paint" Vixen went into the loose-box, where Bull finch, all unconscious of his fate, was idly munching a mouthful of upland meadow hay. She pulled down his noble head, and laid her cheek against his broad forehead, and let her tears rain on him unheeded. There was no one to see her in that dusky loose-box. The grooms were clustered at the stable-door, talking to gether. She was free to linger over her parting with the horse that her father had loved. She wound her anna about his arched neck, and let him lick her hand. " Oh, Bullfinch, have you a memory ? Will you be sorry to find yourself in a strange stable?" Bhe asked, looking into the animal's full soft eyes with a pathetic earnestness in her own. She dried her tears presently ; she was not going to make herself a spectacle for the scornful pity of stablemen. She came out of the loose box with a serene couutenance, and went up to Lord Mallow's groom. " Please be kind to him," she said, dropping a sovereign into the man's ready hand. " No fear of that, miss," he said ; " there are very few Christians that have aa good a time of it as our 'osaes." That sovereign, taken in conjunction with the donor's beauty, quite vanquished Lord Mallow's groom and very nearly bought Violet Tempest a coronet. Bullfinch was led out presently, looking like a long; but Violet did not stop to see him go away. She could hardly have borne that She' ran back to tbe house, put on her hat and jacket, called Argus, and set out for a long ramble to walk down, if possible, the angry devil within her. No ; this she would never forgive—this sale of her father's favorite horse. It was as if some creature of her own flesh and blood had been •old into slavery. Her mother was rich, would squander hundreds on fine dresses, and would allow her dead husband's horse to be sold. "Is Captain Winstanley auch a tyrant that mamma cannot prevent this shameful thing ?" she asked herself. " She talks about bis atten tion, hia devotion, aa if he were at her feet: and yet Bhe suffers him to disgrace her by this un paralleled meanness I" [to be continued.] 