() U R M E L150 U R N E L ETT E R. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Mr. Woojjs, though meaning well towards the vast army of the unemployed, has met with some difficulty in fulfilling his promise as reported in my last letter. The scheme of stone breaking at Footscray has failed for the present, owing to the stone being found honey combed, and unfit for working. It was then proposed that fresh arrangements should be made for employing two or three hundred of the most necessitous cases on pick and shovel work at the West Melbourne Swamp, where about 150 men presented themselves at the hour ap pointed, ready to commence operations. It was then found, however, that the ground was in such a state of slush and mire after the recent heavy rains, that it was impossible to work in it with any effect. The poor laborers had become by this time greatly disappointed and dissat isfied, and a number of them waited as a last resource on Mr. Woods at the railway office; but it seems impossible for the Government to meet the distress. Several leading employers of labour have promised work for thirty or forty men additional. A working committee, with Mr. George Macartery of the Railway .Department as secretary, sits permanently to inquire into every case, and to make every effort to enable the working men of the colony to retain tlieir independence if possible. The following letter addressed to the Ary us is worthy of attention :— “ Sir,—If the Government are sincere in their statement that they desire to find work for the unemployed, let them immediately upon the assembling of Parliament pass the new Harbour Trust Bill. With the necessary anthority to commence the works recommended by Sir J ohn Goode, the commissioners could at once set a large number of men to work, and thus relieve the labour market.—Yours, &c.;, “ W. M, Mr. Berry is fully alive to the danger of the existing state of things, but, as your readers are aware, he has always been opposed to the Harbour Trust Commission, whom he has de signated as an irresponsible body, which to a certain extent the Trust undoubtedly is ; but if Sir John Goode’s scheme receives the sanction of Parliament, there can be no difficulty in find ing employment for every man out of work, and that for some time to come. The Reform League have been banqueting in the Atlneneum Hall as a Welcome to Mr. Berry on bis return from England. There were about 400 guests present, including all the members of the Ministry and the major portion of their supporters. Mr. Berry defended the course he had taken with more than his usual fire and eloquence, and he showed conclusively that a deep laid jdot was organized by the wealthy classes in the colony to damage its credit on the London Exchange, where he himself was at first very coldly received as a kind of cross between a Communist and a Red Republican ; but in spite of all these calumnies, repeated and circulated with such ability and skill, lie had got the loan on more favourable terms than all the associated banks thought it possible. “It was pleasant,” he continued, “ to see the altered circumstances of brokers and bankers as the money market improved, and the prospect increased. On the day when the tenders were opened, they met at two o’clock, an hour before the public opening of the tenders, and received him with open arms and cheerful countenances, said the loan would reach at least one per cent., more than the minimum he had named. He considered it unpatriotic and un dignified for the conservative press to continue misrepresenting the object of the mission, which sought only to vindicate the rights of the Lower House in controlling the power of the purse, and carrying out the will of the majority. All of us members of the liberal party, no matter what position we hold, may be satisfied with the result of our new departure ; we have made our cause known ; we have taken a stand which has made us recognised as a national party in Great Britain ; and vve have also secured many collateral advantages for the country which we could not have secured had we been content, simply to take our pleasure during the recess, waiting for the next session of Parlia ment. If this be so, we are not only entitled to congratulate one another, but we are fairly entitled, if not to the gratitude, at least to the applause of the country.” I cannot occupy more of your space, but these were the main points in Mr. Berry’s speech ; and they indicate clearly enough, that compromise of any kind which should nullify or lessen the power of the Legislative Assembly, in passing money bills, is not to be listened to ; and be proceeds on tlie assumption, that the Imperial Government Inis, upon the whole, accepted this view of the situa The Closed Roads Commission have been pro secuting their inquiries with a zeal highly com mendable up to the present ; but owing to a recent decision of the Wyndham Shire Council, it would appear as if there was hardly any more necessity for taking evidence on the point. Mr. Higginbotham’s opinion was asked by the Council, as to the legality ol swing gates, and that learned gentleman states that shire councils have no right to permit swing gates or other obstructions to remain on the roads, and that it was a duty fixed on the council to see that they were removed, also that the council were jointly liable with the persons who put these obstructions on the roads. This is explicit enough, and now the Messrs. Chirnside who had no fewer than twenty-five of these gates around their estate, will be compelled to remove them, and the other land owners will have to follow the same example. The election for East Melbourne resulted in the return of Mr. Zon, who is personally a great favourite with the majority of the electors. He is opposed to the Ministry, but as no Ministerial candidate would have any show for that consti tuency, Mr. Zon may be said to have a walk over, as his opponent, Mr. Levi, found very few supporters. It has been determined, now that the Kellys have gone to New South Wales to rusticate for a while, that the special force of military and police which have been stationed in that district for some months shall he withdrawn. The further intimation is also made that should the residents of the Mansfield district feel them selves aggrieved by this arrangement, it will rest with themselvss to make provision for a larger force by means of funds locally raised. This is a quiet snub I fear to the settlers who are not credited with much zeal in their efforts for capturing the bushrangers. But be that as it may, I think they will be satisfied for a time with the ordinary police protection now that there is no immediate prospect of a raid in the district. lhe committee appointed by the subscribers of the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum to in quire into the mis-management of that institu tion, lias commenced its investigations. YY e know what great events frequently ensue from small and trifling causes, and now it is recorded for the instruction of the public that a trifling quarrel as to the custody of a key was the original source of all this vexatious bother, its reports, committee meetings, and what not. The dispenser had a private key of his own. by which he found egress and ingress to the Asylum at all hours without the knowledge of his supe rior officer, and the latter, on making the dis covery, felt naturally incensed that his preroga tive should have been trenched upon, whereat a series of feuds and quarrels ensued. It now appears that the superior, Dr. Heath, had a private wine-cellar of his own in the Asylum, that stock books were checked and audited by Providence, and that were it not for the unfor tunate episode of the latch-key tilings might have gone on in the same comfortable, happy manner till the crack of doom, and nobody have been any the wiser. It is well to add that the inmates have had no participation or share in the distribution of profits, and that the sub scribers are about to elect a more trustworthy committee to superintend the management of officers. An influential committee of scientific men has been formed to give a fitting reception to Professor Pepper, who is expected here in the course of a few days. Apart from the ghost hallucination through which Mr. Pepper became first famous, his other experiments at the Poly technic llall have delighted thousands. It may interest your readers to know that Professor Pepper has become reconciled to the Catholic Church some years ago, and that his object in visiting the colonies is not to make mono}', but to enjoy a well-earned holiday. In entertainments we are as usual pretty well supplied, a capital hit being made at the Opera House in the now play of “ Friends," one of the most delightful entertainments yet pre sented to a Melbourne audience. “ Queen's Evidence” lias had a good run at the Royal, and it would be rash to speculate on bow long “ H.M.8. Pinafore” may yet run at the Aca demy of Music, as the audiences who crowd to witness this clever comedy are as numerous as ever. The winter so far is the coldest I have expe rienced for many years, but from the official re ports there does not seem to be much sickness at present except a few cases of typhoid fever, a disease which has been very prevalent here for months, but which is now happily on the decrease. Ax unsuccessful lover was asked by what means he lost his divinity. “Alas!” cried he, “I flattered her until she got too proud to speak to me.” A oe.ntlkmax giving a lecture to some boys was explaining how no one could live without air. He then said “ You have all heard of a man drowning. How does that happen ?” The ready answer was, “ ’Cause he can't swim.” ;; It being agreed by a party of twelve that a dispuled question should be settled by the opinion of the majority, the six ladies opposed themselves to the six gentlemen and claimed the victory. A gentlemen objected to this, as the number of votes was equal, saying, “ They were half and Half” “True,” replied the witty fair one, “but we are the better halves.” 