PASTORAL LETTER OF .HIS 6RAGE THE ARCHB18H0P OF SYDNEY. CATHOLIC EDUCATION Wo.— 2. ROftEE Bede, by tho Graco of: God and tho favour of tho Apostolic See. Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, to the Clergy, Secular and Begular, and the Faithful of tho said Arch diocese. Health and benediction in the Lord. Reverend and dear brethren, and dear chil dren in Jesus Christ, — Though tho Catholic Church is by far tho most frwmiflnlilo nr\\-r»r\\-nnn'- r,£ i}tn (rvnnf. oi-ir\of.n air afill she is not its sole opponent. Her foes themselves, if thoy possess any sound heart of Christianity, are compelled, in self-preservation, to set them selves against it ; nor does it follow, from their being at one in this, that they are mutual frionds : because two men, for their own private ; reasons ,hate a third man, that does not even tend to prove that they love each other. Those who profcos tho Catholic faith and those who protest against that faith can for causes known 'to tliem Belves, and those causes may be radically different, strike out against one and the same antagonist. Thus, tho Catholic Church and the English nation, whilst conflicting with each other, are compelled, by force of principle, to resist the advances of tho great apostasy. The English nation, though it be n- t Catholic, is still in many ways profoundly Christian. For wellnigh 1000 years England lay steeped, as in a bath of supernatural light, in the strong Chris tianity of the Catholic Church ; and the benign influence of tho Anglo-Saxon monarchy of that most touching period of England's history, still exerts a certain sway over the people's conscience. It took possession of and moulded the national sentiment ; and at the date of King St. Edward's death, those laws, customs, and traditions which still give evidence of their influence had stamped an especial character on tho national heart. The five centuries of Norman English rule consoli dated and deepened the work of tho previous period ; and (lie Catholic Church expanded in power as she did in organization, and became part and parcel, not only of the law, but of the blood and heart of England. Her venerable sees, her renowned universities, her groat monastic orders, her schools and munificent charities, her large prerogatives in the temporal order, her glorious past, written hi many an illu minated page, her saints and martyrs, her kings and queens, wearing the aureola of sanctity, and her absolute hold on tho popular imagination — how could England, living for wellnigh ten . hundred years in such a thrall a3 this, help being permanently affected in her national character ? Down to the lGth century wo may fairly say that tho land had been living the life of the Catholic Church, us it has formed some of the most beautiful pages of her history. Since that date, whilst tho Church's authority lias been rejected, many of her broad fundamental teach ings have remained. Look at tho England of to-day, and say whether or no you do not perceive in some of tho main outlines of her character, deep, indelible tokens of past influences ? What do we see ? First, a national Church, with the old cathedrals and old soes, and tho village churches, all pro claiming their origin in every stone of them ; a heirarchy of archbishops and bishops, with the prayer-book and ritual breathing, if they breathe any breatli at all, a breath redolent of ancient days ; then there are the old universities of Ox ford and Cambridge, seed-plots of great men in every walk of life, and pregnant in form and temper, with a spirit; which took hundreds of years to bring to anything like perfection. Tho surface of things is changed, but in the depths, sleeping, but not dead, the old spirit watches and protects the Christianity of England. There is much of the antique spirit in tho high nobility — the honour, self-respect, truthfulness, honesty, and generosity of a chival rous age. The people are, as a body, charitable, earnest, religious, and unconquerable in their perseverance. They love order and law ; they are honourable in their commercial transactions ; they are tho most domestic people in the world, and possess many beautiful natural virtues, which are elevated and refined through those tradi tionary principles which, as a salt, keep the nation sound at heart, and help to maintain it' vigorously Christian. Added to these virtues, there is their deep love and reverence for the Word of Grod. By its means tho idea of the *?. supernatural is kept from dying out, and the thought of the Almighty, His Providence, Christ's Atonement, His mercy, love, and grace become a precious heritage amongst tho people. There the great moral virtues are found illustrated and enforced ; and so deeply is the Bible treasured that it is looked upon by the masses as being a3 essential an element in the nation's greatness us the majesty of the throne itself to its stability. Thus, the English people are profoundly im pressed with tho conviction that tho nation's greatness and prestige spring from this principlo of Christianity ; that its soundness of heart, its enterprise and its successes on a largo scale, aro due in the ultimate analyis to the fact that the broad foundations of tho Empire aro set in the maxims of tho G-ospel, and tho principles dictated by the Inspired Word. Almost as a consequence of this, the two leading traits of tho national character are honesty and thoroughness ; and what Englishmen prize most for thomselves and others is civil and religious liberty. Look at the condition of England at tho pro sent hour. Unity of Faith is gone. Its place is taken by 150 different sects. Tho nation must accept this state of things. Is it according to tho national spirit to invent a scheme for fusing all these religions into ono ? Such an idea is ab horrent from tho national feeling. It has no thing about it either of honesty or thoroughness ; it is more in conformity with a masked inlidolity, and with a spirit of trilling with Divine things, andi with Grod Himself, from which an farneet religious mind Epontaneously recoils Englishmen being thorough themselves, like others to be thorough also. Thoy infinitely prefer an outspoken, fearless enemy to one who cringes. Though they may detest a man's creed or method they still more detest, they loathe cowardice in him who ha3 not courage to express or' maintain what in his heart he thinks to bo the truth. Take tho case of English Catholics in English society at home. In thorough English Protestant society the way to gain influence and respect is to bo thorough also. Cardinal Manning, having moved in both societies — in Catholic and Protestant is able to give incontestable evidence upon this point. He, an Englishman, for half of his life an Anglican, thoroughly conversant with English ways and views, in his ' Miscellanies ' (vol. 1, p. 65-015,) writes as follows : 'English society, -with all its vices,' he says, ' does after all represent the English character. There is something down right manly and decided in it ; and it respects tho same, that is, its own qualities in others as much as it despises and ridicules all servile or petty eagerness to court its favour. Downright masculine and decided Catholics — more Sonian than Home, more ultramontane than the Pope himself — may enter English society and bo treated with goodwill and respect everywhere, if only they will hold their own with self-respect and a delicate consideration of what is due to others. It is this very boldness which inspires both respect and confidence. It is tho pledge of sincerity, and sincerity is respected by everybody worthy of the name of Englishman. No greater blunder could be committed than to try to pro pitiate Englishmen or English society by a tamo, diluted, timid, or worldly Catholicism.' Now how does all this bear upon Catholic education ? It bears upon it in the directest manner. For if Englishmen lovo nothing better than honesty and thoroughness, even in the holding of a creed which they think a grand mistake, they will be consistent, and will love honesty and thoroughness in education. They will hold that, if there must be diversity of creed, at all events there should be thoroughness and honesty in the holding to that diversity. The national honesty and thoroughness with them is a potent element in national strength. If a man be true to his Grod, there is a chance of ilia being true to his country. But he that would barter, aw'ay his religion, or treat it lightly, would turn out a poor creature in the day of a nation's trial. Hence, though ho condemns Catholicity, an Englishman has no faith in a lukewarm Catholic, any more than he has in a timid soldier. He says, in effect, 'Let the nation be brought up honest and thorough, and then we stand a chance of holding our own, and maintain ing the prestige of the Empire. Let the young, who will take our places when we are gone, be drilled into this great idea. Let all, of whatever creed, have equal chance in the race, and, whilst each is earnestly and thoroughly trained in his own religion, let all be equally assisted in the fitting of the mind for life's battle when it comes.' What is the consequence of this masterprin ciple which energises so strongly in a nations' s life? It is this : that even that creed which the nation has rejected for 300 years receives equal treatment with the established creed in the scheme of national education for the people. England- knows well that a bad Catholic is a clanger to the State, whilst a thoroughly good one helps toward the national glory. There are no pampered ' Public Schools,' set up for tho benefit of a fraction of tho people. Catholic schools and Protestant are on an equal footing with 'Public schools' in G-reat Britain. All are treated exactly alike on the principle of payment by results. Take the report of Catholic schools in England, Wales, and Scotland for the year that has passed. In the year ending 31st August, 1878, there were actually inspected in England and Wales 693 Catholic institutions, containing in them 1172 departments, in which separate teachers are employed— that is 215 of boys, 191 of girls, 300 of infants, 460 mixed. There was an average atten dance in these schools of 120,305,- 'comprising 63,255 boys, 63,050 girls, divided as to the teach ing into 27,427 boys, or mixed, under masters ; 63,422 girls, or mixed, under mistresses ; and 35,456 infants under mistresses. The total of children on tho school register, 191,341 ; the number attending half-time, 15,101. The net amount paid to the schools out of Parliamentary grant was £95,706 6s 6d, giving a rate of grant for each scholar in average attendance of 15s l£d. The grant during the same time to the Church of England schools was 15s Okl ; to Wesleyan schools, 16s 7|d ; to British schools, 15s 6Jd ; to Sehoolboard schools, 15s Id a scholar. The claim of Catholic schools on the Parlia mentary grant fell under seven heads ; the first for averago attendance, under which £37,901 12s 6d was claimed ; tho second for the at tendance of infants, amounting to £15,716 Ss 6d ; the third is for examination in standards, amounting to £28,915 12s Cd ; the fourth for examination in classes, amounting to to £12,355 7s 7d ; the fifth for examination in special subjects, amounting to £178 18s ; the sixth comprised special grants to small schools, and amounted to £23 6s 8d ; the seventh was the grant to pupil-teachers of 60s to thoso who ob tained tho mark of Well, and of 40s to those who obtained tho mark of Fairly. Tho Government grants to Catholic training colleges for the year ending 31st December, 1878, wore as follows : — To St. Mary's, Hammersmith, £1738 12s 6d, together with £26 10s, received from Science and Art. Department, total £1765 2s 6d, tho students in residence being 39 ; to the Training College of Notre Dame, Mount Plea sant, Liverpool, £2913, together with £52 from tho Art Grrant ; total £2965, tho students in ro sidonco being 114 ; to the Training College of tho Sacred Heart, Wandsworth, £1667 17s lOd, the students in residence being 50. Catholic night schools received a grant for tho year ending 31st August, 1878, of £1643 la 6d, being a rate per scholar in averago of 8s 6-£d. Tho whole grant for tho Catholic Dohoole in. England and Wales in the year ending 31st December, 1878, was £109,495 9s 9d. The grant to Catholic schools in Scotland for tho same period was £19,370 8s 7d. The rato of grant for Scotland per scholar in averago attond anco was, in Catholic schools, 14s Ojd ; in Church of Scotland schools, 16s 11^-d ; in Free Church pchools, 16s 5d ; in Episcopal Church schools, 14s 7id ; in Public schools, 10s 10 id. If wo add together tho whole grant of Catholic olementary schools and training colleges in Eng land and Wales, which amounts to £109,495 9s 9d., and that to schools in Scotland, which amounts to £19,370 8s 7d, we obtain a collective grant for Great Britain, in the year 1878, of £128,865 18s 4d. A-V as it out of lovo or tenderness to Catholicity, as Euch, that the great statesmen of England framed such a system as this ? and was it because they loved the Pope that the English people accepted it ? All who have any knowledge of the national spirit aro well aware that, had there not- been some profound reason connected with the national prosperity, the Catholic Church would have been ill-used in England, or a system would have been set on foot to weaken tho blood in Catholic veins, and melt the vigour of Catholic lifo out of the people. The creeds would have had to send their children to schools without religion, or so arranged that no decent man, with self-respect, could teach religion in them. The creed-schools would be treated with disfavour by the Grovernment or their officials; the- State schools would bo as palaces through the land, with the best masix'rs and appointments ; whilst those schools where tho love and fear of God, find the great directive principles of religion, were hour by hour insisted on, would, on tho principlo of the decay of the weakness, dwindle gradually away, as a nation would be reared up Avifch Ies3 and less religion, and more and more of that pagan spirit which is, if history ever taught a lesson, tho sure presage of moral effeminacy and national decay. Farseeing English statesmen, possessing the cha racteristic of the race, resisted this spirit of na tional apostasy, and respecting, as gentlemen do, the conscientious convictions of the humblest, gave fair play to all, and conciliated the lovo and affection of England's Catholic subjects. Thus the nation will continue to hold her own in the broad contests of international life ; her nerve and sinew will be tough, her heart sound ; and the principles of her imperial sway will still be founded in the depth of a Christian spirit. She, on broad, wide-reaching principles of statesman ship, maintains a system of education based on a principle that would satisfy the requirements of the Catholic Church. In resisting ' Secularist Education,' we are, in reality, resisting a prin ciple of national overthrow ; and by maintaining our rights as Catholics we are doing untold ser vice to the State. Here, interests are identical. Here, whilst we aro holding, or struggling, for our own, wo are laying lines of future prosperity. We arc the true friends of the people and of the country, for we found our own honour and great ness on our conscientious convictions regarding morality and faith ; and let us do all that in us lies to make known to others, who know tliem not, these great principles of religious liberty, religious thoroughness, and religious honesty, on which imperial England's greatness mainly rests. Dearly beloved, let us continue to press our claim to equality. We cannot, in conscience, send our children to ' Public schools.' We are bound in duty to bring them iip thorough Catho lics, not thorough Protestants, however exemplary Protestants may be. This is no cry started for a purpose. The whole Catholic world knows, and all intelligent Protestants know, that Catholics who have any thoroughness in them cannot bring themselves to jeopardize the future Catholicity of their children by r-ending them to Public schools. Tho Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Moorhouse, a prelate of thorough English mind, recognizes tho full force of the Church's teaching on this subject. He says : ' The Roman Catholics are asking from us nothing more than what the freest Governments in the world havo granted to them. In Prussia, in Baden, in our own colony of Canada, and wherever Roman Catholics and Protestants are largely intermingled in the population, the G-overnment has recognized that the -peculiar opinions of Roman Catholics have made separate schools for them necessary. The concession of such schools is inevitable. If not granted by our sense of justice, it will sooner or later be wrung from oui' political necessities.' (See Melbourne Argus, October S, 1878.' Dearly beloved, we have the strongest faith in the sense of fair play in tho minds of our fellow colonists. We are convinced that, when they really grasp our case, they will be ready to give us all wo ask. Wo merely beseech those con cerned so to arrange that a largo section of the community, tho Roman Catholics, sonic say one third of tho population, may give their children a thorough, honest Catholic education and receive for secular instruction, tested by Government inspectors, equal assistance with those who axe satisfied with Public schools. ' Therefore, my beloved brethren, bo steadfast and immovable : always abounding in tho work of the Lord, knowing that your labour is not vain in the Lord.' (I. Cor., chap, xv., 58.) ' For the rest, brethren, rejoice, be perfect, talco exhortation, bo of one mind, have peace ; and tho God of peace and of lovo shall be with you. Tho grace of our Lord Josus Christ, and the charity of God, and tho communication of the Holy Ghost bo with you all. Amen.' (II. Cor., chap, xiii., 11, 13.) Given at Sydney, and appointed to bo read in all churches and chapels of theArehdioeeso of Sydney, on Sunday, August 24, 1S79. f Roger Bedk, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. A detachment of police under Sergeant Mus grovo arrived at Lithgow from Bathurst on Mon day, to protect tho miners going to work at tho Vale of Clwydd. Tho new squad of miners com mence operations to-morrow. There is no fear of violence, but some of tho now men profess to bo afraid. 