ABSTRACT OF NEWS. Adelaide. Anzust 9. The EJtS. Slam arrived July 13, at 1 a.m , bringing English letters and papers to Jane 6, and telegrams via Galle June 15. ? - - ? ti,« R_M.a_ iffl«m left Galle for Australia at 10 a.m. on July 26, and arrived at King George's Sound yesterday. She will probably arrive at Glenelg next Tuesday. ; Tbe Orient sj. Garonne arrived August 4 aS 2 a.m., having made the passage from Plymouth in 46 days. The Treasurer (Hon. 0. Mann) made hia finan cial speech in the House of Assembly on August 5\. The revenue for the financial year 1378-9 was £1,661,075, showing a deScieucy on his esti mate of £40,96*5, but &n; increase oa the receipts of the previous twelve months of £160,000. The deficiency in Customs alone was about £40,000, excesses balancing the falling off ou other lines. There was on June 30 a cash deficit of £61,583, or, including unexpended balances, £235,963. In 1878-9 the sum of £532,333 was spent out of revenue in public works, an increase of £361,789 over the previous year : and out of loans £1,22S,519, or £-12,000 more than iu 1877-8. For 1879-80 the sum of £2.090,309 is required. The revenue (including £531,500 from land) is put down at £1,S55,5S7, so that the deficiency at the end of the year would be £234,722. In order to gradually'eitinguish the deficiency, it is proposed to tax receipts from accumulated capital to the extent of 6d. in the pound, and the results of business earnings aud incomes: higher than £300 a year to the extent of 3d. in the pound. These imposts are expected to yield from £80.000 to £100,000 a year. The Treasurer pointed out that our debt is £6,005,500, against ? which we have £3,189,641 worth of railways, £4,056,000 of other public works, and £4,461,303 due oh land eoM, making a total of about £11,700,000, without counting the value of 235,000,000 acres of unsold hind. The amount on the Estimates for the financial . year ending June 30 for immigration is £50,000, t as against £80,000 for the previous year. The Government intend to introduce as many of the persons who have [been nominated by their friends in the colony as may be brought hither without interfering with the labour market. The Government have concluded an arrange- . ment with the eight Associated Banks doing business in Adelaide by which advances will be made to meet the necessary loan expenditure if necessary until May, in anticipation of the issue of a loan, probably of £2,000,000, which will be put on the market under the auspices of the Banks, The foundation-stone of the building which is to be erected on North-terrace for the purposes of a University of Adelaide was laid on Wednesday, July 30, in presence of some two thousand persons. There were present members of the Government, members of both tranches of the Legislature, the Council and Senate of tbe University, heads of public departments, foreign consuls, ministers of religion, and other prominent citizens, who were accompanied by a large number of ladies. An address having been delivered by the Chancellor (the Bishop of Adelaide), which mainly referred to the successive steps that had led up to the ceremony of the day, the foundation-stone was laid by His Excellency the Governor, who sub sequently gave a lengthy address. In it he pointed out the benefits to be derived from the University, and the advantages of a classical education, and, besides alluding to other subjects apposite to the occasion, dwelt on the imperative necessity that existed in the colony for syste matic and scientific fanning, in order to con tinue its reputation as a wheat-growing country. The Minister of Education (Hon. T. King) fol lowed with a short speech, after which the Begutrar (Mr. W. Barlow. BA.) announced that donations had been promised towards the building fund amounting to £1,525. The Chief Justice, the Hon. H. Scott, M.L.C., and Mr. D. Murray have each given £250, and promised a similar amount on the completion of the build ing. Sir Henry Ayers has given a second donation of £250, Mr. P. D. Prankerd one of £500, and tbe Bishop one of £25. A meeting of the Council and Senate of the University was held on July 30, at which the Chancellor (His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide) admitted, on presentation by the Dean (Professor TateK the Rev. Wil liam Bedell Stanford, M.A., of the Univer sity of Oxford, and Mr. William Symoa, MA., of the University of St. Andrews, to the rank and privileges of that degree in the University of Adelaide. At the meeting of the Senate Mr. William Everard was elected to fill the vacancy in the Council created by the resignation of Dr. Whittell; and it was reported that the Council bad, in accordance with the recommendation of tha Senate, appointed Mr. W. Barlow Clerk of the Senate for tbe year 1879-80. A Supply Bill for £400,000 has been passed by both Houses of Parliament. A Commisaiou haa been appointed to enquire into and report upon the best site for new Parlia ment Buildings. In accordance with a resolution of the House of A* sembly, the Government has appointed a Commission to enquire into the whole question of the receipt and expenditure of all public money?, and the accounting for and auditing thereof. August G being the anniversary of the birth of BLB.H. tbe Duke ot Edinburgh, was observed as a general holiday. There were Newmarket Races on the Morphetville Course; Military SpoitBon the- Adelaide Oval; a Military Ball in the Norwood Town Hall; Concert in the Adelaide Town Hall in aid of the funds of the Young Men's Library connected with St. Francis Xavier's Hall, and several other enter taiuments. . The Submarine Telegraph Cable, between Banjoewangie and Port Darwin, was interrupted July 5, but the cable was repaired and the com munication restored July 24. In the mean while telegrams were transmitted between Java and the Northern Territory each way by steamer. Public attention has lately been given to the question of the best site for a sewage farm. Mr. Brown, the Hydraulic Engineer, recommends a site at Tarn O'Sbanter Belt instead of that at Findon originally chosen. The members of Parliament have vuited the two places, and a motion by the Government for the adoption of the Tam O'Shanter Belt site is under the con sideration of the Assembly. Mr. Ward has introduced in the Honse of Assembly a Bill to enable credit selectors to mortgage their selections in certain cases. The accidental discovery of two diamonds at the EchuDgs cold-fields two or three years ago, and which were exhibited at the Paris Inter national Exhibition, has created some excite ment. Mr. Arthur Dodd, diamond merchant of London, having reported that ia his opinion a diamond field must exist at Echunga, arrangements are being made to test the ground by actual search, and a company is being formed for that purpose with a capital of £3,500. The promoters expect to be gin operations ia about a fortnight. The debate upon a motion introduced into tbe House of Assembly by Mr. H. Fraser, one of the representatives of West Adelaide, that Institutes and Museums should be opened on Snnday atternooD, has been postponed for three weeks in order to obtain an expression of public opinion. The question is exciting much interest. A meeting at Hindmarsh was against the pro posal, and one at North Adelaide was about equally divided. The principle, however, has been affirmed by a large meeting ia the Adelaide Town Hall. The total quantity of Crown lands sold to the end of last year was 8,333,082 acres, leaving 570,023,513 acres of unalienated lands, of which 334,846,800 acres are in. the Northern Territory, and 2?5,176,713 in South Australia proper. The area of land under cultivation in the season 1578-9 was 2.011,099 acres. . : The Education Department have recently disposed of 8,745 acres of land on lease for fourteen years, at an average annual rent of JU. l^d. per acre. ' Pleuro-pDenmonia having broken oat among a uob of cattle on the Murray, the diseased animals were destroyed by direction of Inspector Wells. The rest were placed in paddocks aad inoculated, by which precautionary means it i» tioped that the spread of the disease has been arrested. .The German Clubhouse, a handsome and fpacioua building, erected in. Pirie-s^reet, was opened with appropriate formalitie* July 14, being the twenty -5fth anniversary of the forma tion of tbe Club. ' ' , Tbe foundation-stone of a new Institute at HaUettwaa kid by Mr. Rowland Eees, M.P , on August 6. An extraordinary, statement made by a girl nsmed Adelaide Eronde, that she was stupefied by chloroform and taken iu a boat out to aea by a* former; lover, that the man in attempting to strike her fell overboard, and that she landed on th«» beach, has been the subject of great interest during tbe put week. The police are investi gating the case. ? : ' ;. Tha h%rd case of a fruit-hawker named George, Flumridge has attracted a great deal of atten- , tion daring the past few day*. He was arrested on the informaticri of a lad on a charge of stealing a carriage-lamp, taken' to the Police Court, remanded^ and. locked np for two day*, bia hotue being searched in the meantime, and his goods perished. It was found after all that there ires bo foundation for the charge. The Government have appointed a Board to investi gate the case, t ' ? The construction of a new dock at Port Ade laide _u -progressing npidly. aboat SsCOiWO yards of sou hivicg been removed. ' A terrible case of murder and suicide occurred at Goodwood Part, suburban to Adelaide July 24\. A young woman liamed Emma Wild}-, 21 years of aae, was murdered by a young man named Cfaark* Harvey, aged 23 years, to whom she was engaged. Harvey afterwards drowned himself in a well. . , The C#pe Northumberland lighthouse having shown tome sign* of isstability arising from tbeercsionof the sea i at it« base,, ths Engiawc uf Hbidoo:8 and Jetties has exaailae-l it, and found that there is no immediate danger to be apprehended. He, however, recommends the erection of a new lighthouse at Cape Northum berland. In tbe meantime the Marine Board are^on a visit to the lighthouse. A presentation of a gold cssket filled with sovereigns, has been made to the Rev. Canon Farr, M.A.. late head master of St. Peter's Collegiate School, by his former pnpib, con nected with ' St. Peter's Collegiate Association.' Mr. C. H. Goode, of the firm of Coixle Brothers, and formerly a member of the House of Assembly, after having been absent from the colony nearly twelve years, baa lately retnrned aud been welcomed back at a public breakfast given to him in the Flinders- street Baptist Church lecture hall. During the night of July 23, an unusual quantity of snow fell in the hilly districts, ex- tending from the coast to more than 200 miles inland. The barque Kalahome from Newcastle, N.S.W., with coal for the Rivoli Bay Railway, ran aground on Glen's Point near Penguin Island, July 24, but was got off July 27, after lightering seventy tons of cargo, and throwing seventy tons more overboard. The quantity of gold raised in tbe Northern Territory is estimated at 6S,000 ounces, of which 43,480 ounces hive passed through the Bank. The Government have purchased £5,0(K) worth, to be sent ,to the Sydney International Exhibition. ? A gaol is to be erected at Gladstone, at a contract price of £21,600. Information has been received of 'the arrival at Singapore of the s.s. Scotia with the duplicate cable to be laid between that place and Banjoe wangie. Arrangements are being made for commencing shearing, several parties of shearers having already started for the pastoral districts. The shop and stock of Mr. Jackson, hair dresser, at Port Adelaide, were destroyed by fire early in the morning of August 4.- A cottage at Glanville was burned on July 2-3, during the absence of the inmates. Tbe Government have accepted the tender of Messrs. : Waddington & Wright for the . con- ; strnction ot the first and second sections of tbe main sewer for the drainage of the city. The distance is rather over a mile, and the contract price £8,472. . A Congregational Church is to be erected at College . Park, suburban to Adelaide, to accom modate 978 persons. A contract for the erection of part of the building has been accented at £3,070. Each of the three latest vessels from England lost a seaman overboard. Fat mutton has recently been imported from Melbourne in the carcase by one of the Adelaide butchers. -. ' . A branch of the Bank of South Australia was opened at Millicent July 19. A fuel-saving furnace has been invented and ' patented by Mr. George Burnell, of Hindmarah, by which a sufficient draft of air {is introduced to consume th 5 disintegrated particles of cirboa that ordinarily escape with the smoke. The Jockey Club have entered into negotia tions for the purchase of the fee simple of tbe Morphetville Raceeonrse. The amusements of the month have included dramatic performances at the Theatre Boyal, with Mr. George Eignold and Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis in the leading characters; entertainments in tbe Academy of Music by the Lynch family of bellringers ; and an exhibition ot ghosts aud spectral illusions in White's Boom, by Mr. D'Arcy Bead. Football is in the ascendant here just now. A team of football players from Geelong (Victoria) has defeated three South Australian teams. On August 1 the Norwood Club played a match on tbe Exhibition Grounds with a number of theatrical players, who appeared in fancy cos tumes. The Norwood players were the victors. A miscellaneous entertainment was given in the Theatre Boyal on the afternoon of Saturday, July 26, in aid of the widow and children of Mr. F. M. Bates, an actsr who was recently found dead near Melbourne. Our obituary notices include the folio wing:— Robert Nairne died suddenly of apoplexy, July 12, at his residence, North Adelaide, aged 55. He was formerly accountant at the National Bank, afterwards Manager of the branch bank at Kapunda, and at the time of his death he was chief clerk in the office of Mr. F. Wright land and financial agent. Nathaniel Hailes died July 24, at Adelaide, aged 76 years. He arrived in the colony March 21, 1839, by the ship Buckinghamshire, of which he was Super- tendent of Emigrants. During the forty years of his residence in the colony he filled a number of positions connected with Government and other public institutions. He also was a fre- quent contributor to the Press, Secretary to the South Australian Institute Library, member of the City Council, and in various other ways he identified himself with the interests of the colony. The Rev. Father Kehoe, a young Catholic priest, died at Perola July 28. In 1872 he was ordained at All Hallows College, Dublin, and was extensively known and re spected in this colony. There have been during the mail month 12 extracolonial arrivals at and 11 departures from Port Adelaide. The Port Adelaide inter colonial arrivals and departures have be-m 43 and 28 respectively during the same period. There have been 22 insolvencies and 20 assignments during the mail month. The value of tbe imports at Port Adelaide during the 31 weeks ended Ausust 2 was £2,491,144 and of the exports £1,457,639. The Customs receipts from the commence ment of the present year to August 2 (outports included) were £301,570 5s. 4d. The value of cereal exports during the 31 weeks ended August 2 was £1,170,355 7s. The immigration at Port Adelaide to August 2 was 9,241 ; emigration, 4,503 Registered births during the first six months of 1879, 4,863 ; ditto of deaths, 2,010. . The population of the colouy on June 1 was estimated by the Registrar-General at 234,110. The staple exports of the colony to August 2 amounted to £1,847,732. The railway receipt* on all the Government lines during the 30 weeks ended July 26 were, for passenger traffic, £6*9,633 12s. 3d. ; goods tramc,£lie,630 18s.ld. ; wharfage, £2,166 0s. Ski; total, £188,435 10s. 8d. The total quantity of land sold this year to end of June for cash was 4,262 acres, yielding £21,1CO 12s. 9d. (exclusive of improvements and of purchases of land previously held on credit). The total quantity sold on deferred payments was 21838 acres, at an aggregate amount of £294,184 5s. 6M. 