QUID miNC ? How’s that for high, partner!—All Fouae. by the light ot nnperlect personal re collection, rendered still more dim and lmay by the lapse of long yeare it has often occurred to me that our so called colonial Conservative is but a mean specimen of the good old English pro totype, and that while his' character abounds with imperfections and draw backs that render it unlovable, he is a stranger to the qualities, traits, and associations that win reverence and re spect for the original. It seems altoge ther a misnomer to apply the name of Conservative to the base metal. Par venu imitation, the French term retro grat, or the more expressive English word “grasper ” would convey a clearer notion of his characteristics. Here is a picture of one of the home type, drawn by his own hand, with a frankness that scorns to hide or gloss over any of the imperfections that may appear tinm • worn or unpleasing to those of more modern ideas, and I am sure readers will coil less that Hie colonial imitator suffers by the comparison. The de scription is a letter from a country clergymen, who as a class are considered the acme of Conservatism and is writ ten in reply to a prospectus advocating the merits of new co-operative stores :— 11 Sir,— You have been good enough to send a paper proclaiming the vast ad vantages of joining a certain company entitled ‘ The Junior Army and Navy Stores (Limited.’) Now, sir, what have we parsons got to do with the Navy and Army except to pray for them and help nay them ?—both of which I have already aone ioVTtvwaTas'inui ir-centnrj-t— as for joining the newfangled com panies, I have four distinct objections to them, which I hope you will allow me respectfully to state:—1st. I have no wish to rob good honest tradesmen, who have to gel their living by myself and others. I am a curious old man of the Sir Roger de Covorley company. My country tailor makes my coat, and my village shoemaker my shoes. If there were but a batter here, he would have the honour of crowning me. I go out of my parish aud district for nothing hardly which I can get in them, and I intend so to proceed till one of my old elms is sawn up for my coffin. 2nd. I am a staunch Conservative, and don’t want to turn my commercial friends into Radicals and Libcrationists, Let the Whigs do as they please. 3rd. As an’ English parson, I teach and practise my catechism, which tolls me ‘ to do unto others as I would they should do unto me.’ Now, while my tenants pay me to the day my rents aud tithes, and while my shopkeepers are honest, civil, and obliging, why should I say ‘ Thank you, Messrs Brown, Smith & Jones, but I deal with Messrs Sweedenburg & Smilhereen, and the new Cheap Store Company’? 4th. Though not a miser, I have a weakness for taking care of my money—.the principal, that is, whatever becomes of the interest. I am not partial to joint-stock relations, I have more confidence in a cow than a Khedive, and would rather rest content with my ‘ two and a half’ from a dirty acre or two, than run the risk of eight or nothing in the ‘ Artificial Rain Gompany’ or the Zulu Fifty per Cents. If people would take the advice, of a man that has seen a little of life, I would venture to tell them, ‘ Deal at home. Pay ready money, and you will get discount from your tradesman. Buy nothing till you oan afford to pay for it. Help your simp le e epers to_s le e p_com fortably, and you will sleep better yourself. lveep~away- - from foreign parts and foreign folks. Aud though some of the juniors may call you a fool for your pains, you will sit all'the easier in your arm chair, and not fancy that your dressing gown, hanging loosely from its peg in the glittering light of your chamber, is the ghost of some poor, starved, injured shopkeeper, that hung himself when you joined “ The Civil Service Supply Association j” ’ Here wo have a quiet satisfaction with the existing state of things. True) there is a selfishness in the content ment, as it seeks not to raise the social status or ameliorate the condition of the poorly fed labouring classes, and never wishes to wander from its own narrow circle so long as rents and tithes are prompiy paid and its slow-going comfort undisturbed. But if it lacks earnest interest in the welfaro of others, it is williug at least to practise the homely adage, “ Live and let live.” There is none of that heartless want of principle marking the colonial genus, “ Buy in the cheapest market and sell in the dearest, take all yon can possibly exact by wheedling and coercion, and give as little as you can, Make money without even the stipulation, ‘ honestly if you can,’ but make it all Inwards and by every means so long as you can steer just clear of the law. When yon have got it and climbed from the gutter up a few rungs of the social ladder, sneer at your early associations, link ydurself to the " law and order party,’’ the “ wealth and intelligence,” cry but about the sacred rights of property, and tread mercilessly and unfeelingly oil the fingers of others who would fain climb also. Our Conservative has shown his right and undeniable ability to govern, inasmuch as he has scraped together a good bank balance. It may be that it accumulated through short weights aud measures, wholesale adulteration, fraud, chicanery, oppressing ting widow and fatherless, and turning a deaf ear to the appeals of misery and starvation, But what does it matter ? Conservative society is not over sensitive. Its finer feelings—if ever it possessed any—.are blunted by participation in land swindles, sanding sugar, rigging the market, at tention to soup boiling, and the perpe tration of smart tilings, and it is too deeply absorbed in the puffed up admi ration of its talent and possessions to inquire how individual members came by their belongings. The only pass port required to its good graces is money, and a wimly contempt for those who have been too honest or unfortunate to make any. What a difference, then, between this poisonous mushroom and the bluff, open, lionest, straightforward, warm hearted, easy-going, old English Conservative, clinging tenderly and ] tenaciously to time hallowed asso ciations, avoiding newfangled nations about Liberalism and the like, lint at the same time spurning with hearty contempt the heartless mockery that refuses to recognise the wants and welfare of others, 