ipwdlpg. MORE GHOST STORIES UNVEILED. Ox the above subjeot, a correspondent sends us tire following : — A few years ago I removed into a new and larger house with a yrnug family. Some nights after my removal I was awakened in tbe middle of the night by a distinct knock- ing twice or thrice repeated at ray bedroom door. I called out : " Who's there ? " There was no reply ; but after an interval of a few minutes the kuoeking was repeated as dis tinctly as before. Again the same question : " Who's there ? " and again no reply : bat again came the knocking, if possible more distinct and louder than before, and just as if a person outside in tbe lobby had strnck 'sharply with his knuckles on the door. I sprang rapidly from bed- on its being repeated, aud rushed to the bedroom door and opened it, determined to catch the knocker. Bat there was no one outside ; and no one could have escaped down the staircase, which was what is called a well- staircase, brilliantly lighted with a flood of moonlight, which streamed through the skylight window. I am not aud never was spirit-stricken or superstitions ; but I will oonfess my sensa tions new became trying ; my heart began to throb, and I returned to bed with ears paiufully awake. Again came tbe knocking, clear aDd distinct- and methodical as before. Although feeling very uueasy, I crept silently out of bed aud stretched myself on the floor with my head on the boards and a few feet from the bedroom door, to find out if pos sible from wbat part of the door the kuook- ing proceeded. Again it came as before, and I could distinctly refer it to the lowest part or panel of the door. I suddenly opened the door; bnt with the same result as before; and again I lay in my former position. Again came the knocking, three or four distinct taps ; and now fixing my eyes s'eadilv on the spot from which the tapping proceeded, I saw the knuckle bone of a leg of lamb, about the size of a very small walnut, jerked repeatedly against the skirting that lay alongside the door. The skirting waa thinner than the sounding-board of a piano ; and it was the sudden tapping of the little bone against the sounding-board that produced tbe repeated knooking. But how was the tapping produced ? By a mouse that had found its way along the hollaw space behind tbe wainscot. It baa bored a hole in the very lowest part of the wainscot, very nearly on a level with the floor, had found ifc3 little bone left after the children's dinner, aud bad dragged it to the entrance of its hole, but could not get it through. It had dragged through the tough bit of sinew which is attached to tbe end of the bone — popularly known in mutton as the Gentleman's Bone — and was trying by jerking it backwards to bring the bone itself through ; and each jerk gave a blow against tbe thin sounding- board, and each blow gave out the sound or mysterious knock. Had I not discovered this, no reasoning oonid have convinced me that I had not heard knocks at my bedroom door ; and I should in all probability have attributed them to what is termed super natural agency. My next experience was if possible more puzzling. In the neighbourhood of Dublin, on the rooky sea-coast of Dalkey, there are several castles supposed to have been erected by the Danes for tbe protection of their traders. They are still in fair preservation, and have awelling-Jhonses of modem con struction built against them. One of these old oastles stands on the very verge of the sea, over what was once a rooky inlet, bnt is now a harbour called Bollock Harbour, along the opposite side of which is a row of fishermen's cottages, principally inhabited by men who earn their livelihood as pilots. The dwelling-house attaohed to this old castle I with my family ocoupied in the summer, for healtbls sake and to eujov boat ing, of which I was fond. I observed some time after taking up my residence in it, that no matter at wbat time I retired to bed — and I geuerally sat up one or two hours after the other members of my famdy had retired — the servants from the kitchen story selected the same moment for their departure. This unceasing regularity became at last annoying, and I insisted on knowing the cause. The information given to me was that tbe old castle and house were haunted, and thai for no inducement would the ser vant's remain after I had ascended from the parlour. I had now reason for thinking there was some ground for the fears. The pantry particularly, and the rest of the house with it, were walked over by footsteps at night. These were plainly beard ; and there was added an additional aggravation ; for, not content with this, the " supernatural " visitor began to do mischief, and generally in the gray of the morniug made free with eatables and pots of jam on the shelves, occasionally breaking a glass or plate ! To add to the mystery, though the pantry was carefully locked every night the depredations still continued, and at iength the terror of eaoh night's visitation became greater and- greater, and the various stories began to be circulated, one being that the visitant was the spirit cf a nun condemned to suffer the pangs of hunger for some transgression. This was supported by the circumstance of the old castle and grounds having been some years before occupied as a convent. The only opening into the pantry was through a ventilator in the roof, very high up, aud ad joining one of the lofty walls of the old castle. Through this no human being could obtain an entrance ; but it was entered by a monkey , who came to it in this way. One of tbe pilot-boats was taking off a pilot to a ship, to relieve the one on duty, when the monkev. sick I suppose of the sea, and determined uot to lose the opportunity, jumped into the boat, and on nearing the shore, jumped out again, and sought the nearest shelter, which happened to be the old castle. The ship was from tbe West Indies, laden with sugar. Tbe monkey, though missed from the homeward- bound, was unnoticed by the pilot crew, and finding his way from the castle to the ven tilator of the adjoining dwelling-house pantry, sought to allay his hunger there when ail was qniet at night. By day the creature lay hidden in the old castle ; and it was only after a lapse "Of many days and nights that poor Jaoko was discovered peeping out from his lodging in the old Norman keep ! It not unfrequently happens that houses are haunted, and kept haunted, by certain persons who have a direct interest iu keeping up the silly trick. Iu the same neighbour hood — the neighbourhood of the old castle — was a house reputed to be haunted, and wkioh has maintained its reputation for more than two summers. Footsteps are heard at night, doors are slammed, and on one occa sion, jugs of water have been poured upon some members of the family, to their great discomfort. The ghost has been clever, and has not yet been caught ; but the solution is not far to find, as the oare-taker has a com fortable residence gratis, which is lost when the house is let and occunied for the nensnn — Chamber's Journal. Artful Youth.— One of® our female teachers threatened to keep an unruly bov fifteen minutes after school. " I wish you'd make it half au hom," said the appreciative youth, "for you're the prettiest teacher iu this town." Putting a Fine Point on it. — A widow, "whose husband's artistic perceptions' had caused his house to be elegantly furnished, married his brother. "When her visitors, after the second marriage, complimented her upon the beauty of her house -furnishing, she answered, "Oh, yett, my dear brother-in-law had such exquisite tastes !" 