A STORY 01* THE LATIN QUARTER. ' He is one of tho Americans,' his fellow locataires Baid among, thomselveB. 'Poor and alone in bad health. A queer fellow.' Having made this reply to those who quea-: tioned them; they wero in the habit of dis missing tho subject lightly. After all it was nothing to them, since he . had never joinod their oirole. They were a gay, good-natured lot, and Imade a point of regarding, life as airily as !pcs3ible, and taking eaoh day as it came with fantastia good obeer. The house — whioh (stood in one of the shabbiest oorners ia the, [Latin Quarter — was full of them from floor; to garret — artists, Btudents, models, Frenoh, English, American?, living all of them; 'merrily, and by no means the most regular of jlives. But there were good friends among ithem; their world ,was their own, and they 'found plenty of sympathy in .their loves and (quarrels, their luck and ill-luok. Upon the jnhole thero was more ill-luok than luck. -Lucky men did not choose for their head' quarters sunh places as this rather dilapi dated builo'ing, — they oould afford to ? go 'elsewhere, to plaoes where the Quarter was 'better, where the Btairs wore less rickety,; the ?passages less dark and the concierge not. 'given to.ohronio intoxication. Here came the uhluoky oneB, whose , ill-luck was of ^various orders and degrees: the young oneB who were some day to paint piotures whioh 'would be seen .in the Palais de l'Industrio, 'and would be greeted viith acclamations by , an appreciative publio ; the older ones who had painted piotures whioh had been seen at the Palais de l'lndustrie, and had not been 'appreciated at all ; the poets whose sonnetB were of too subtle an order to reaob the common herd ; the students who had lived beyond the. means allowed them by their ?highly respeotable families, : and who were, consequently, somewhat off colour in - the eyes of the respeotable families in question —these and others of tbo same olass, all tmore or less poor, more or less out at elbows, ud more or less in debt. And yet, as I have mid, they lived gaily. They painted, and idmired or oriticieed eaoh other's pictures ; they lent and borrowed with equal freedom ; ;bey bemoaned their wrongs loudly, andxang and laughed more loudly still as the mood seized them ; and any speoial ill- fortune befulliDg . one of their number generally aroused a display of sympathy whioh, though; it might. not laBt long, was always a source oi oonpolation to the luckless one. But the American, notwithstanding he had been in the house for months had never be- , come one of them. He bad been seen in the early spring going up the stairway to his room, which was a mere garret ou the sixth, story, and it had been expected among them that in a day or so ho would present himself for iuspeclion. But this he. did not do, and when he encountered any of their number, iu his out-goings or in-comings he returned their greetings; gently in imperfect Fronoh.i He spoke slowly and ,with difficulty, but t here was no coldness in his voice or manners, and yet none goti much ? further than the greeting. , He was a young fellow; 'scarcely, of middle height, frail in figure, hollow-chested, aud with a gentle face and soft, deeply set, dark eyes. That he worked hard- and lived barely it was easy enough to discover. Part of each day he spent in the various art galleries and after his return from these visits he'was seen no more until tho following morning. ''Until the last ray of light disappears ho is at his easel, V said a young student whom a gay escapade had temporarily banished to the fifth floor. 'I hear him move now and then and cough. He' has a -villainous oough.' , ,' He is one of the enthusiasts,' said an other. 'One can read it in his face. What fools they are — these . enthusiasts I They throw away life that a crown of laurel may be laid upon their coffins.' In the summer some of them managed to leave Paris, and the rest had enough to do to organise their little excursions and 'make the best of the sunshine, shade and 'warmth. But when those who had been away, returned and all settled down for tho winter, they found tho ' American,' as they called him, in his old place. He had not been away at all ; ho had worked as hard as ever through midsummer hoat and autumn rain; ho was frailer in figure, his olothes were more worn, his face was thinner and his eyes far too hollow ond bright, but ho did not look either disoouraged or unhappy. 'How dots he live?' exclaimed tho con cierge, dramatically. ' The good God knows 1 He eatB nothing, he has no fire, be wear's the clothing of midsummer — he -paints — he paints — he paints I Perhaps that is enough for him. It would hot be for me.- - . At this time— jast as the winter entered with ble^k winds and rains.' and falls of powdery , snow — there presented herself among them , an arrival whose appearanoe oreated. a sensation. - * One. night, on hiB iway; upBtairp, the Amorinan fnnnil Viimialf Annfrnntnd thn fourth floor by a flood of light streaming through the .open door of a before. unocoupied room. . It was a email room,, Jmoap.rely forniehed, but there waB a'fire in it; and half a-dozen people who laugbed'and talkod. at the top of their voioes. ' JFive of them' were men he had seen before, -^-artistsiwho lived in the house, — bnt the sixth' was a - woman whom, ho had nover Been, '-and whofe mar vellous beauty held him spell-bound, where he stood. ?; ? . She was a woman of twenty-two or three; with ;an oval ; faou - whoso fairness ' was'' 1be fairness of ivory. ' Sherwas^dark-eyed and low-browed, and, as she leaned-forward upon the table and Jooked - up at- the. man who spoke to her, - even the- bright-glow of the lamp, whioh burned direotly before her- face, showed no flaw in either tint or outline;! ..'I'Wfjy should we- ask the reaaon of your return ?'. said i the 'maii. i 1 (? Let 'US'- rejoice that you' are here.'?- r .l . . . . .' I will tell you the reason, ''she answered, without lowering her'eyeB. '.'I waB tired.'-' . ; A good reason, ' was the reply. '' . ,-iShe pushed. iher' ohair '!baok' and ';stood upright ;.her hands: hung: at ber1 Bides ; the meni were- all- looking at her; she' smiled down at them'with full irony.' '.Who'; among you wishes to paint' me?' Bhe'said. I ami again at your servioe,- and I am not less handsome than I was.' ? TbeU 'there arose' among' -thom - a little rapturous murmur,- and 'Bomehow'it : broke the spell' whioh had -reBted '-upon 'the1 man outside. Hejatartedy. shivered' slightly, ' imd turned:away.:itHe- weht'up to the- bare oold nesaiof hia own room' and' sat' down, 'forget- ting -that- .it was ''either ^cold-'or - bare, j Sdddenlyji i as ' he looked at' the'1- woman's upturned- -Boe, :a great 'longing 'had 'seized upon him. v)' 1 -'ii should like to-paint you-^-I,' he foiind himself saying 'to the: silonoo' about him. )i.If I-mightipaint-youl' ? He heard tho next day 1 who she' fcas. ' The concierge wns ready enough to givo him moro information' tlian ho had'apked. ; ' Mademoiselle Natalio Monsieur meanB,'' he said ; ' a handsome girl that ; a colobrated model. They all knew her. Her faco has been tho foundation of moro than ono great picture. Thero aro not many liko her. Ono model has' this beauty — another that ; hut she, ??man Disk, she has all. A great oreaturo,' Mademoiselle.' ; Afterward, as tho days went by, ho found that she sat; often to the other artists. Some times ho saw her'as sho went to their rooms or came away ; sometimes ho caught a glimpse of her as he passed her open door, and each time there stirred!afresh within him tho longing ho had felt at first. So it came about that ono afternoon, as sho came out of a studio in whioh Bhe had been giving a sit ting, sho found waiting ' outside for her the thinly clad, frail figure of the American. He made an egaor yet hesitant step forward, and 'began to speak awkwardly in Frenoh. She stopped him. 'Speak English,' she said, ' I know it well.' ' Thankyou, '[he answered, simply, ' that is a great relief. My French ia so bad. I am here to ask a great favour from you, and. I am sure -I could not ask it well, in 'Frenoh.' ' 'What is the favour I' sho inquired, look ing at him with some wonder. He was a new type to her, with his quiot direotnoss of speech and his gentle manner. ' I have heard that you are a professional model,' he replied, ' and I have wished very much to paint what— what I see in your face. I have wished it from ' the first hour I saw you. The desire haunts ine. But I am a' very poor man ; I have almost nothing ; I oannot pay you what the rest do. To-day I' came to the desperate Tesolve that ! I would throw myself upon your meroy — that I would ask you to sit to me, and wait until better fortune comes.' ' ' ' ? She stood still a moment and gazed at him. . ? ? ' Monsieur,' she said, at length, ' are you so poor as that t' He coloured a little, but it was not as if with shame. ? ' Yes,' he answered, 'I am very poor. I have asked a great deal of you, have I not?' She gave him still another long1 look. 'No,' she said.: 'I will come to.you to-morrow, .if you .will, direot me to. your room.' 'It is on the Bixth floor,' he replied ; 'the highest of all. ? It is a hare little place.' 'I will oome,' she said, and was turning away when he stopped her. ' 1 — X should like to tell you how grateful Iain — ^'bebegan; ' There iSi no need;' she responded, with bitter lightness. You will pay me some day — when you are a great artist.' But when Bhe reaohed the next landing she glanoed down and saw that he still stood beneath, watching ber. The next day she kept her word and went to. him. She found his room poorer and barer even than Bhe had fanoied it might be. The coiling was low and Blanticg, and in one corner stood a narrow iron bed-, stead, in another a wooden table ; in the beet light the small. window gave his easel was p.laoed with a chair before it. ?When he had opened the door in answer, to her EummonB, and she saw all this, she glanced qoiakly at his faoe to see if there was any shade of confusion upon it, but there was none. He appeared only rejoiced and eager. ' I felt sure it was you,' he said. 'Were you then so sure that I would come ?' Bhe asked. ' You Baid you would,' he answered. He plaoed ber as he wished to paint her, and then sat; down to his work. In a few moments he was completely absorbed in it. For a long time he did not epeak at all. The utter Eilenco whioh reigned — a silence whioh was not only a suspension of speech but a suspension of any other thought be yond his task— was a new experience to her. His cheek flushed, his eyes bnrned dark and bright ; it seemed as if he scaroely breathed. When he turned to look at her she was oonsoious cash time of a sudden thrill of feeling. More .than onoe he paused for several moments, brush and palette in hand, simply watohing her faoe. At one of these pauses she herBblf broke the silence! ' Why do you look at me so ?' she aBked. ' You look at me as if — as if — ' And she broke off with an uneasy little laugh. He roused himself with a slight start and ocloured sensitively, passing his hand aoross his forehead. ' What I want to paint is not always in your faoe,' he answered. ' Sometimes Hose it, and then I muBt wait a little until — until I find it again. It is not only your face I want, it, is yourself— yourself 1' And he made a sudden unconsoious gesture, with his hsnds. Sbo tried to laugh again— hard and lightly as before, — but failed. ' Myself !'.' she said. ' Ifon Dieu / Do not grasp at me, Monsieur. It will not pay you. Paint my flesh;' my hair, my eyes — they are good— but do hot paint me.' Ho looked troubled; 'I am afraid'imy saying that sounded stilted,' he returned. ? ' I explained myself poorly. Ifc is not ea^y for me to explain myself well.' ' ' I understood you,' sho said; 'and I have warned you-' They did not speak to eaoh: other again during the whole sitting except obce, when he asked her if she was warm enough. II T I, a Mn n A va'tA.ilnn ll lin sni/1. ? lutucomu 11 Hiive you not always a fire ?' Bhe asked. ' No,' he answered,- with a smile ; ' but when you oome tbero will always be one.' . 'Then,' she said, 'I will come- often, that. I-moyBave you from death.' ' Oh 1' he replied j ' it iB eaBier than you think to forget that one is oold,' ' Yes,' she returned.' ' And it is easier than you think for one to die.' When she was going away she made a movement toward the easel; but he stepped her. ... , ' Not yet,',', he said., ' Not just yet/'- ; Ebe drew baok. 'I have, never,; eared to look - at myself before,' she said. ' I do not know why I should care now. Perhaps,' with the . laugh again, 'it' is that I wish to see what you will make of «w ;' : ' Afterward, as she ? sat over her little poreelain Btovo io her room below, she soaroely comprehended her own mood. - ' He is hot like the' rest,' she said. ' He knows nothing of the world. He is one of the good. Ho oareB only for hiB art. How simple, and kind, and pure I The little room is like; a saint's coll.' Aud then/suddenly, she flung her arms out wearily,' with a heavy sigh. ;- ' Ah, Dieu /''she said, 'how dull the day is I The skies are lead.'11 A few dayB later she gave ? a ' Bitting to an old artist, whoso name was Masson, and she found that he had' heard of what had' hap pened. 1 'And so you sit -to the- Amerioan ?' he said. ? tt YeB»' ? ' 'Well, ahd you find him'-^-?'' 1 1 '- ' 'I find him,'- she repeated 'after; himi 'Shall'I tell you what I find hiia?'. ' ? ' I Bha'll listen with delight.' 'I find him— a soul! You'ahd I, m; friend— and the rest of us — are bodioB ; hi is-a soul!' ?' \- The artist began to whistle softly aa-bi painted. ' It is dangerous work;' he said at length, ' for women to play with souls.' ' That is true,' aho answered, boldly. The Bome day Bhe went'again to the room on the sixth floor. She sat again through an hour of silence, 'in whioh the 1 Amorican painted eagerly, now and then stopping to regard her with searching eyes. ' But not as the rest regard- me,' Bhe said to herself. ' He forgets that it is a woman who sits here. He sees only what he would paint.' As time went by, this fact, whioh always felt, was in itself a fasoination. In the obill, calm atmosphere of tho plaue there was repose for her. Sbe found nothing to resent, nothing to steel herself against, she need no longer think of herself at all. She had timo to think of the man in whose presence she Bat.' From the first she had seen something touching in his slight, stoop ing figure, thin young face and dark woman ish eyes, and after she had heard the Bimple uneventful history of his life, she found them more touohing still. Ho was a New Englander, the last sur viving representative of a frail and short- i lived family. HiB parents had died young, leaving him quite alone, with a mere pit- i tanoe to depend upon, and throughout his whole life -he had oheriBhed but ono aim. 'When I was a ohild I used ,to dream of : ooming here,' he said, ' and as I grow older I worked and struggled for it. I knew I must gain my end some day, and the time cable when it was gained.' 'And this is the end ?' she asked, glanc ing round at the poor plaoe. ' This is all of life you deBire ?' He did not look up at her. ' It is all I have,' he answered. She wondered if he would not ask her some questions regarding herself, but he did not. . - ' He does not oare to know,' she thought, sullenly. And then she told herself that he did know, and a mooking devil of a smile settled on her lips, and was there when he' turned toward her again. But the time never oame when his manner altered, when he waB less candid and gentle, or less grateful for the favoiir she was be stowing upon him. Sho soarcely knew how it was that she firBt began to know the sound of his 'foot upon the stair-way and to listen for it. Her earliest oonsoiousness of it was when once she awakened suddenly out of a dead sleep at night and fouud herself Bitting upright with her hand upon ber heavily throbbing heart. ' What is it !' she' cried, in a loud whis per. ' But she spoke only to herself and the darkness. She knew what it was and did not lie down again until the footsteps bad reached the top of the last flight and tlie door above had 'opened and closed. The time arrived when there was Bcarcely a trifling inoident in his evoiy-day life whiou escaped her. She saw eaoh ' sign of his poverty and ? pbysioal weakness. He grew paler day by day. There were days when his step flagged a-i he went up and down the staircase j tome mornings he did not go out at all. Sbe discovered that each Sunday he went twice to the little Amerioan ohurcli in the Rue de Beiri; and Bhe had seen in the room a small Protestant Bible. 'You read tuat ?' she asked him, when she. first eawit. 'Yes.' She leaned forward, her look ouriousi be wildered,' even awed. ' And you believe in— God ?' 'Yes.' She resumed her former ' position but she did not remove l-er eyes' from his face, and nnoonBbiously Bhe put her hand up to her swelling throat. When at length the sitting was' over and she left her chair, he was standing before the eaEpl. He turned to her and Bpoke hesi tantly. 'Will you come and look 'at it?' he asked. - , , . She went and stood, where ; he bade her and looked. He watohed her anxiously while she did so. For the first 'moment thero was amazement in lior faoe, then soma mysterious. emotion he could not comprehend — a dull red orept slowly over her brow-.and aheek. She turned upon him. ' Monsieur I' .she oried, fpassiondtely. ' You mock me ! It is a bad picture.' He fell back -a pace, staring at her and suddenly trembling with the Bhobk. 'A bad pioture I' he echoed.; '.'I mook ' you — II' ' . f ' It is my faoe,' she said, pointing to it, ' but you have made it what I am not ! It i is the face of a good woman— of a woman who might be a saint ! Does not that mook ' me?' 1 He turned to it with a troubled, dreamy i look. . . i ' It is what I have seen in your faoe,' he said, in a' soft, absent voioo. ' It is a truth to I me. It is what I have seen.' . . ' It is what no other has seen,' she said. ' I tell you it mocks me.' ' It need not mook you, V be answered.- 'I oould not . have painted it if I had not felt it. It iB yourself— yourself.' 'Myself?' she said. 'Do you think, Monsieur, that the men who have painted , me before would know it ?' She, gave it another glance and a shrill laugh burst from her, but the next instant it broke off and ended in another sound. Sbe fell upon her' knoes by the empty chair, hex open hands flung- outward, her sobs strang ling her. He stood quite near her, looking down. ' I have not thought of anything but my i work,' he said. ' Why should If' The following Sunday night the artist met in going down-staira a , closely-veiled figure ooming up. He knew it and spoke. ' What, Natalie ?' he said; 'You? One might fancy you had' been to 'bhuroh.' 'I have been,', sho returned, in a oold voioe— ' to the' ohuroli of the Amerioans in the Rue do Berri.' . He shrugged' his shoulders. ' Has it done you good ?' he asked. ' No,' she answered, and walked paBtbim, leaving' him to look after her and think the. matter over. \- She-erit to her own apartment and looked 1 herself ih. ' Having 'done so, sbe lighted every -oa'ndle ' and lamp— flooding the place witli a gariBh inookery of brightness; She' sang as she did ' it— a gay, shrill air from some opera, bouffe. She, tore off her dark .veil' and 'wrappings. ' Her'eyes and oheeks flamed as if touohed by, some unholy fire. She- moved with foverish rapidity here and there— dragging a rioh dress from a' trank, and jow'ols and laoes from their places of safe keeping; and. began to attire herself in them.'. The Bimple blaok robe she hAd' worn to the chapel lay on' the floor. As she moved, to .and fro -she set her feet upon' it again and; again, and as she felt it beneath' her tread a harsh smile touohed her lips, i ' I Bhali not wear you again,' she stopped' t ;h er Bong onoe to say. -In balf-an-hour she had made her toilette/ , j She atood before her glass; a blazo of oolour and jewels. For a moment she sang ho more;: From one of the'rooms :below -there'fibated up to her soundB of riotous' merriment. ' ; 'This is myself,' she said; ' this is no : other.'' . She'openedi.her'.'door :Bnd''ran-'dbwn' the f stairoase -swiftly and.'lightly;' The' founder B i of the -feast whoso sounds she 'had' heard \- was a foolish young fellow -who adored' -hor 3 ^madly. He was rioh, and wioked, atid simple. i BeoftUBe^jhe . httd^ faeatdt' Oi t^:!««tam' he, had taken an apartment in the house. She heard his voice' above the voices of tho rest. In a moment she had flung open the door of the' salon and stood upon the threshold. At Bight of her there arose a rapturous Bhout of delight. ' Natalie t Natalie I .Welcome I' \- But instantaneously it died away. One seoond she stood thero, brilliant, smiling, defiant. The next, they saw that a mystorioua change had seized upon her. She had beoome deathly white, and was waving them from her with a wild gesture. 'Iam not coming!' she oried, breath lessly. 'No!-No!No!' And the next instant ' thoy oould' only gaze at eaoh others' terror-strioken faoes, at tho place she had -left vaoant — for she was gone Sbe went up the stairs blindly and uncer tainly. When she reaohed the turn of the fourth floor, where the staircase was bare and unlighted, she staggered and sank againBt the balustrades, her faae upturned. ' I oannot go baok,' she whispered to the Sarkneas and silenoe above. ' Do you hear ? [ oannot 1 And it is you — you who restrain me 1' , But thero were no traces of her passion in her face when she went to the little studio the next day as usual. When the artist opened the door for her, it struok him that she was calm even to ooldness. Instead of sitting down, she went to the easel and stood before it. ; ' Monsieur,' she said, ' I have discovered where your mistake lies. You have tried to paint what you fancied must onoe have existed, though it exists no longer. That is your mistake. It haB never existed at all. I remember no youth, no childhood. Life began for mo aB it -will end. It was my fate that it should. . I was born in the lowest quarter of Paris. I knew only poverty, brutality, and orime. My beauty simply raised me beyond their power. Where should I gain what you have insisted in bestowing upon me?' : He simply stood still and looked at her. ' God knows !' he answered, at length. ' I do not.' ' God I' she returned, with her bitter little laugh. 'Yes— God!' Then Bhe went to her place and said no more. But the next Sunday she was at the American ohapel again, and the next, and the next. She oould Boaioely have told why herself. She did not believe the doctrines she heard preached, and she did not expect to be converted to belief in them. Often, aB the Bervioe prooeeded, a faint smile of de rision curved her lips ; but from her seat in the obsoure corner she bad ohosen she could see a thin, dark face and a stooping figure, and couid lenu back againBt the wall with a sense of repose. ' It is quiet here,1' was her thought. ' One ban be quictj aud that is much.'' \- ' What id the matter with her ?' tho men who knew her begun to ask one another. But it was not easy lor them to discover ho« the subtle ohange they saw bad been wrought; Tliey were used to ber capiices aud to ocoi Bioual fits of. sullenness, hut they had never seen her in just such a mood a* she was now. She would bear no, jests from them, she would not join iu their gayetieB. Sometimes for days together she shut herself up in her room and they did not see her at all. The pioturo progressed but Blowly. Some times the artist' a band so trembled with weakness that he could not. prooeed with his work. More than onoe Natalie Baw-the bruBh suddenly fall from, his nerveless fingers. He was very weak in these dayB, and the spot of heotio red glowed brightly on his oheek. 'Iam a poor fellow at best,' he would say. to her, ' and now I am at my worst. ; I am afraid I shall be obliged to rest Booner than I fanoied.' I wish ? first I could have finished my work. I must not leave'it un finished.' . .. One morning, when he had been obliged to give up painting, through a sudden fit of prostration, on following ber to the door, lie took her hand aud held it a moment.' 'I was awake -all last night,' he said; Yesterday I saw a poor fellow who had f&llen; ill on the street, oarried into the Hfliel Dieu, and the memory clung to me. I began to imagine how it would be if Buoh a thing happened to me— what - 1 should say when' tbey asked for my friends,— how there woald be nonetosend for. ; And at laBt, - suddenly I thought of you. ? I said to inyself, ' I would tend for her, and I think she would come.' ' 'YeBi MonBieur,' sbe answered. : ' You might depend upon my coming.' '1 am UBed to being alone,' he went on ; ' but it seemed to me, as I lay in the dark thinking it over,- that to die alone would be a different matter. One would want some' , familiar faoe to look at — ' ' MonBieur 1' she burst forth. ' You Bpeak as if Death were always near you !' ' Do I ?' he said. And he was silent for a few seoonds and looked down at her hand as he held it. Then he dropped it gently with a little sigh. 'Good-bye,' he said, and so they parted. In the afternoon she sat to Masson. ' How much longer,' he said to her in the course of the sitting — 'how much longer does he mean to live — this Amerioan ? He has lasted astonishingly. They are wonder ful fellows, these weaklings who burn them solves out. One might fanoy that the flame which finally destroys them, also kept them alive.' 'Do you then think that he is so very ill?',' she aBked, in a low voioe. ' He will go out,' he answered, ' like a candle. Shall I toll you a secret ?' Sbe made a gesture of assent. He starves 1 The concierge who has watohed, him says he does not buy food enough to keep body and soul : together. But how is one to offer him' anything 1 It ' is easy to see that he would not take it.', ' There was a moment oi silenoe, in whioh he went on painting. . „ ' The trouble is,'.' he said, at last; ' that a man would , not know how . to ; approach him..-' It is only; women who can do these things.' Until the sitting . was over, neither the one nor the other spoko again. When it was over, and Natalie waB on the point of leaving the room, Masson looked at her oriti I oally. . ' ; . /'You- are pale,','- he remarked. ? ' You are ' like a ghost.' ? ' Ib it not beooming ?' she asked. . .'i Yes.' .- :, ..-???? 1 » Then why oomplain ?' ; She went to her own room- and spent half-: .an-hour in collecting!- every 'valuable: she : owned.' They were not many j sho had ol-' Iways been recklessly improvident; - She put together in a; paokage her few jewels, and ! even the laoes she considered worth the most. Then she went out,, and, taking a Jiacrc tA the nearest oorner, drove away. She was- absent two hourB, and when she returned she stopped at the entrance, intend ing to BBk the concierge a- questionl ' But the man bimBolf spoke first. .. He was evidently : greatly disturbed and not a little alarmed. ' 1 ' Mademoiselle, ' he began; ' the young man on the'/Bixth floor— ' . ' 1 *' ' What of him.?' Bhe demanded; » - : ' He desireB to see you He went oat in spite of my'warningB. 'Fignre to'youraelf on suoh a day, -in- Buoh a Btate - of ' health. Ho returned. .almost immediately;'^ wearing tho look ol Death itself.1 He sauk opon the'first \- step of the'stairoase; ': When I rushed to his 1 auiata&cs; be held ta his lips a-haridbe»ohiet stained with blood 1 We were compelled to carry bim npstaira.' She stood a moment, feeling her throat and lips suddenly beoome dry and parohed. ' ' And be asked — forme ?' she said, atlast. ' When he would speak, Mademoiselle — yes. We do not know why. He said, in a very faint voia&, ' She said Bhe would come.' ' Sbe went up the stairoase slowly and me obanioally, as ono who moves in a dream. And yet when sho reaohed the door of the studio she was obliged to wait for a few seoonds before opening it. When she did open it she saw the attio seemed even moro cold and bare than usual; that there was no fire ; that the Amerioan lay upon the bed, his eyes oloBod,. the heotio spots faded from his oheeks. But when she approaohed and stood near him, ho opened his eyes, and looked at her with a faint smile. ' If — I play you — the poor triok of — dying,' he Baid, ' you will remember — that the pioture — if you oare for it— iB yours.' After a while, the doctor, who had been sent for, anived. Perhaps he had been in no great hurry when he had heard that hiB services were required by an artist who lay j in a garret in the Latin Quarter. His visit i was a short one. He asked a few questions, | wrote a prescription,' and went away. He. i looked at Natalie ' of tener than at the siok man. She followed him out on to the land ing, and then he regarded her with greater interest than' before. 'Is he very- ill ?' Bhe said, J'Yes,' he answered. ' He will die, of course, sooner or later.' 'You speak oalmly, MonBieur,' she said. ' Such oases are an old story,' he replied. ' And— you are not his wife ?' 'No.' ' I thought not. Nevertheless, perhaps you will remain with him until — ' ' As Monsieur says,' she returned, ' I will remain with him ' until — ' ' - , When the siok man awoke from the sleep into whioh he had fallen, a fire burned iti the stove and a woman's figure was seated before it. ,' You are here yet ?' he said, faintly. She rose and moved toward- him; 'I am not going- away,' she answered, ' if you will permit me to remain,' His eyes shone with pathetio brightness, and he put out his hand. 'You are very kind — to a poor— weak follow,' he whispered. 'After all — it is a desolate ; thing — to lie awake through the night— in a place like this.' When the doctor returned the next ^ morn ing he -appeared even a shade disconoerted. He had thought it quite likely that, upon his seoond visit, be might find a scant white sheet drawn over the narrow bed, and that it would not bo neoessary for bim to remain or call again ; bnt it appeared that hiB patient might require his attention yet a few days longer. ' You have not left him at all,' he said to Natalie. 'It is easy to see you did not Bleep last night.' It was true that she had' not slept. Through the night -she had eat iu the dim glow of tbe fire, scarcely stirring unlers some slightsuund of movement from tbe bed attraoted her attention. Daring tbe first part of tbe night her oharge bad seemed to Bleep ; but as tbe hours wore on there had been no more rest for liim, and thtn she had known that he lay: with bis eyeB fixed upon her ; - she had felt their gaze even before ehe had turned to meet it. Just before dawn he beaame restless, and called her to his side. 'I owe you. a heavy debt,' he said, drearily. ' And -I- shall leave it unpaid. I wish— I wish it was finished.' ' It ?' sbe said. , 'The pioture,' he answered, 'the — pio- ture.' Usually he was too weak for speech; but occasionally a fit of restlessness seized upon bim, and then it seemed as if ho was haunted continually by the memory of his unfinished work. , , ' It , only needed a few touches,'.' ha said, once. ' One day of strength would oomplete it— if such a day would . but come to me. j know the look so well now— I see it on your face bo often.' And then he lay watohing her, bis eyes following her yearningly, as Bhe moved to and fro. In the studios below, the artists waited in vain for their model. They neither eaw nor heard anything of her, and they knew her ' moods too well to be officiously inquisitive; So she waB left alone to the task ehe had ohosen, and was faithful to it to the end. It was not so very long it lasted, though to her it seemed a lifetime. A few weeks the dootor-made his visits, and at last one after noon, in going away, he beokoned her out of the room. He Bpoke in an undertone. ; ' Tornight you may watob oloseIy,' he said ; ' perhaps towards morning— but it will be very quiet.' It was very quiet. The day had been bitter cold and as it drew toa olosoit became bolder still, and a fierce wind rosB and whistled about the old honse, shaking the ill-fitting windows and doors. But the siok man did not seem to-hear it. Toward mid night he fell into a deep and quiet sleep. Before the firo Natalie sab waiting. - Now and then a little shudder passed over her as if she could not resist the oold. ? And yet the fire in the etove was a bright one. She had Bmiled to herself as she had heaped the coal upon it, seeing that there was so little left. It will last until morning,'; sho said, and. that will be long enough.' ' Through all the nights-during whioh rhe had watohed she- bad never felt the room- so still 'as: it seemed: now between the gusts and soughing of the wind.- ' Something is in the air whioh' has not been in it before,' she said; ' About one o'olook she rose and replenished the fire, putting the last fragment of boal Upon it and; then sat down to watoh it again; Its slow kindling and glowing 'into' life' fasoinated her. ; It was not long before she 'oould scaroely remove her eye's'from it. ' She' ?was trying to oaloulate— with a weird fanoy in her mind— how' long would''it last, and whether it would die out suddenly or Blowly. As she oowered over it; if one of the' men who admired her had entered he might well eoaroely have known ber. Sbe was hollow-'1 leyed, haggard and pallid — for the time even' 'her great beauty was gone. . As he had left Iher that day, the dootor had said to himself 'discontentedly that after all these wbiiderful faces laBt but a short time. The fire caught at the coal, lighted fitful blazes among . it, and orept over it in a dull red, whioh brightened into hot soarlet. ' And the sick man lay sleeping, breathing faintly but lightly. i 'It will laBt until dawn,' she said—' until 'dawn, and no longer.' - | Whou the firBt oinder dropped' with -a 'metallio sound, she started violently And 'laid Iher hand upon her breast, but after' that' she' 'soarcely stirred. ? $ The fitful blazes died down, the hot ' soarlet deepened to red again, tho red grfltv' 'dull, a gray film of ashes showed itself upon it, and then oame the first faint grey of dawn, land she sat with', beating heart saying to ihersolf. ; '«'??' 1 'It will go out -soon— suddenly.' And -the dying man was awake, speaking to' her.'1 ' Oome here,' he said, in a Jow, clear ivoioe. ' Oomeihere,' I Bhe went to' hlm 'and 'stood oloae by the ibedside. The moment -of her supreme anguish had come. But he showed no. sigus of pain' O'r dread, only there was a ' little imoisture 'Upon his- forehead :and-: about' his ! imquth. '-? ':'./? i! His- eye? ;flhone'-' large biijht' in tha' snowy pallor of -his face, and when he fixed them upon ber she know he would not movo - them away. 'I am glad — that it is — finished,' he : said. 'It did not tire me to work — as I thought it would. I am glad — that it is — ' finished.' She fell upon her knees. ' That it iB finished ?' she said. His smile grew brighter. ' The pioture,' he whispered— '|the pic ture.' And then what she had waited for came. There was a. moment of silence; the wind outside hushed itself; his lips parted, but no - sound oame from them, ]not even a fluttering' breath ; bis eyeB were still fixed upon her faoe, open, bright, smiling, ' I may speak now,' she cried. 'I may speak ? now — sinoe you cannot hear. I love you I I love you 1' ' 'But there oame to her: ears only one' sound — the little grating Bhudder of the fire as it fell together nnd was dead. The next morning when they heard that ' tho American' had at last fulfilled their wophesies, ? the locataires showed a spas nodio warmth- ol interest. They offered ; ibeir services promptly, and said to each }ther that he must have been a good fellow, jfter all^ — that it was a pity they had ' not ' known him better. - They even -protested that he should not' be made an object of abarity — that among' themselves they would lo all that was neoessary. But it appeared ' tbat their help was not needed — that- there ' was in tho background & friend who had done all, but whom nobody knew. Hearing this they expressed their Bym- ? pathy by going up by twos and threeB to tbe little garret where there was now only ioy ooldness and silenoe. - Not a few among them were so -far touohed by the pathos they found in, this bb to shed a tear or so — most of them were volatile young Frenchmen, who counted their sensibilities among their luxuries. Toward evening thero came two older than the rest, who had not been long in the house/ ' When they entered, a woman stood at the bed's head— a woman in black drapery, with a pale and haggard face, which they saw only for a moment. As they approached she moved away, and, going to the window, stood there with her back toward them, gazing out at the drifted snow upon the roof. The men stood uncovered/looking down. ' It is the faoe of an Immortal,' said the elder of the two. ' It is such men who die young.' And then they saw the easel in tho shadow of tlio corner and went and turned it from tho wall. When they saw the pioture resting upon it, there was a long silence. It was broken at last by the older man. 'It is some woman he .has known and loved,' he said; 'He has painted'her soul — and his own.' Tbo figure near them stirred— the woman's hitud crept up to thci window's side and olung to tho wooden frame. ? But Bho did not turn, and was standing so when tho strangers moved, awav, opened the door aud passed/ with heads still uncovered, down tho dark, rickety staird. .A fiercer cold had .never frozen Paria than held it ice and' snow bound through this day aud the next. When the next came to its clo.-e all was over and tbe studios were quiet again— perhaps a little quieter for a few hours than wa3 their wont. Through this second day Natilie lived— slowly: through . the ? first part oE tha morning ia which people went heavily up and down the stairs ; through the later houra when she heard them whispering - ; among themselves -upon the . landings ; through' the hour when the footsteps that ' came down were heavier still, and slower - - and impeded with some burden borne with care; through the moment when ? they rested with this burden- upon the landing outside her very door, and' inside -she ! crouched against the panels — listening. ? 1 Then it was all done, and upon those ' upper floors there was no creature but herself . Sho had lighted no fire and eaton nothing. She-had neither food, fuel, nor money. All was gone. 'It is well,'? she said, 'that I am' not ' hungry, and that I would rather be oolder than warmer.' She did not wish for warmth, oven when night fell and brought more biting ioiness. She sat by her window m the dark until.; the moon rose, and though shudders shook her - from bead to foot, she made no effort to gain ivarmth. She heard but few sounds from below, but sho waited until all -was still before she left hor plaoe. , But at midnight perfect silence had settled upon tho house, and she got up and left her room, leaving the key unturned in the look. 'To- morrow, or the day after, perhaps,'.' sbe ? said, ' they will wish to go in.' Then she went up the stairs for the last, time. , Since she had heard the heavy feet lumber ing with their burden past her door a singular calm had settled upon her. It was - hot apathy so muoh as a repose born of the knowledge that there was nothing moro to bear— no future to be feared. , But when she opened the door of tho little room this oalmness was for a moment lost. ' It was bo oold,. so still, so. bare in the moonlight; whioh streamed through - the '- window and flooded it. There were left in it only. two things — the harrow, vaoant bed,' covered; with its white sheet, and the oasel on whioh the pioture rested, gazing, out at her from the canvas with serene, mysterious eyes, ? . . , . . ' She. staggered forward and sank down before it, uttering a low; terrible ory. j 'Do not reproach.,- me 1' she oried.' ?'There is iio longer ,'need. Do you not - seeF'ThiB is my expiation!' For a while there was dead silenoe again. She orouohed before the easel with' bowed head and her face veiled upon -her' arms, making no stir or sound. But-at length'' she rose again, numbly and stiffly. She ' atook up and glanced Blowly' about her— at the bareness, at the moonlight, at the harrow, white-draped bed. . .'It will be — very oold;' - she whispered, as she moved toward the door. ' It will be — very oold.' , And then the.'little room was empty, and'' the face upon the oasel turned toward the ' entrance seemed' to listen' to her stealthily ' descending feet. The next morning; the two artists, who ' had visited the; dead- man's room together,' were ,. walking — together again— upon the ' banks of the Seine, ''When they found them- ' selves drawing near, a crowd of men- and women who werei gathered at the water's edge. 'What has happened P' thoy asked as thoy approaohed tho group. ' What has sbeen found?' , .!{$*?? ? \ A olieerful fellow iu . ^ jHuo blouse, stand ing with his hahdsiiMljia pockets, answered, ? ; 'A woman. J&Boi; .' what a - night to drown oneself in t ' Imagine the disoom« fort!' .. , .. The older man pushed his- way into tha ? centre/' and 'a moment later uttered an exolamation— , , ' oUoji Dieu !' „ '^Vhat isjitp' oried hiB companion; : -???[ ? Hia ifiond- turnod to hi.ihj-'breathlossly, - POWiPK to what%y ,u{yj)n]thjE) ffo^en earth. ' ^ked eaotit othey -who* the 'original - ™ ™ P^ture:;was,y ,he said! ' 'Wo- did , not know. The' fajQ^lies there. Look!' ? denied. iiwis Dbath had given.— jSeri&iwr;'s. 