N E WS OF THE D A V. Wc nre happy to hear that there is a marked improvement in tlio health of Mr J T. Smith. He passed a good night, and was better when his son left home this morning than lie lias been since ins illness com menced. .Tames Fowler, the defaulting manager of the London Chartered Bank at Talbot, who is charged villi appropriating funds in 1878 to the extent of £200, and who escaped into New South Wales, lias been arrested under a war rant of extradition, and a few days ago was forwarded overland to Ballarat, and is now in the local gaoi. The final heat for the third contest for the Mitchell's Trophy , Sculling llace was won by Cook. -,i The little girl Mary Ann O'Brien, stealing (lowers ill the Oarlton Gardens, was brought up again before the City Bench this morning. She is employed as a nursegii'l by a Mm. Kennedy, who told tho magistrates that she had taken her ont of charity, but could not munago her, and wished to give her up. Tier parents are dead, and hor father was well known as a cabman in Melbourne. Mr. Call said ho would make arrangements to sond her to tho Industrial Sehools. This child used to hawk mutchcH in tho streets, and Mr. Hill, city missionary, told the bench that such children were very difficult to deal with. Mrs. Kennedy said the girl had behaved honestly, but could not be kept indoors by any means. . Tho polico heaped up a fearful character on a little girl, named Sarah Leo, who wa3 brought by Sergeant Halton before tlio City magistrates tliispnorning. TheSergeantsaid she was so bad that, the worst women in Melbourne would 'pot recognise her.' Although young, she had sunk bolow tho lowest dentil, if possihlo. She was 'familiar with gaol and lock-up, but when taken into custody always endeavored to commit suicide, nnd had to be kept handcuffed. In the opinion of tho police, olio lived on boor. For a great part of yesterday she kept up a continuous screaming in the watchhouse. The magistrates ordered that tlio next year of her young life should be spent in prison. Margaret Lawrence, a young woman, was brought before tlio City magistrates to-day, with her head in a bandage, and other marks of dissipation and misery. A respectable woman of middle ago came forward and de posed that tlio prisoner was the daughter of lier husband by a former wife, and annoyed her by damaging her premises and bad lan guage. The prisoner was married to a hard working man, but wasted his earnings. The bench gave her 48 hours. "Tlio loafers are laying about tho Yarra scrub in mobs this weather," was tile infor mation given by A 27 to the City magistrates to-day, as ho presented Elizabeth Quick, for vagrancy. This elderly lady, it transpired, was employed as a "windlass," and regularly fetched iieer from tho city for the gipsies, lleposing under a pittospurmn tree, in com pany with foiir mnlu friends while a gin-bottle of ale lay upon the grass hard by, sliedoclined to move from the selection, and defied tlio authorities. Tlio bench sent hor home to gaol for three months, Captain John Acton Payne, shipmaster, a stalwart nnd gentlemanly individual, was charged at the City Court this morning with wife - desertion. I\Ir M'Koan, _ for the complainant, opened the case in his forcible usual style. Ho began by saying that defendant was a systematic "adulterer." Mr Bead, for defendant, strongly objected to this commencement. Mr M'Kean went on to say that after Mrs Payne had been driven from her husband by his gallantries, she went to Ireland, where defendant followed hor, and, at Kingstun, porsuaded her to live with him again. Mrs 1'iiyno gave evidence that tiioy were married in lSfio. Defendnnt quickly annoyed her by running after other women. She found ho had one at iixindridge witii a child. Mr Bead cross- exmnmod Mrs Payne very severely. He asked whether she had de ceived her husband by representing that she was a widow. She repudiated it with vehe mence. The marriage certificate being produced showed that she was described as a spinster and dressmaker. Captain Payne, being ex amined, made out that his wife had deserted him twice, that is to say, left the oniony whon he wished her to remain. A peculiarity in tho case was that, after a lengthy separation, tho parties met iu Ireland, and uefondant took his wiie to seo his friends in England. Then they neparntcd again, and the husband and wife heard nothing of eaoli other for months. The cajitain said lie was surprised to find her in Australia, believing her to be in Ireland. Mrs Payne caught her husband in the Electric Telegraph office, as she said, in the act of writing a telegram to anpthcr woman. She asked what he was going to do for her, and he held up a penny iu his fingers, with the contemptuous remark, " You .won't get that." Mr Call, P.M., remarked that ho thought this husband nnd wife wanted two colonies, one apiece. After much dirty linen had been washed in court, and many hard tilings said oil both sides, the Bench ordered defen dant to pay £lper week, and find one surety in £50 for the duo performance of the same. £3 33 costs were allowed, Mr Bead gave notice of appeal. In our advertising columns, Mr H. N. Alcock announces that ho is a candidate for ono of tile vacancies in the Melbourne Hospital committee. The election take3 place to morrow. Mr Hansen, a South Australian capitalist who has been resident in Ballarat for the last year or two, died very suddenly yesterday evening, at his home on the Melbourne road. It appears that the deceased's family are at present on a holiday visit to Adelaide, and Mr Hansen has been living alone in his house of late, he partook of a hearty lunch yesterday morning, at Lester's hotel, and having returned home, lay down on a sofa, where he was found quite dead, about six o'clock, by a young lady acquaintance of the family, who had gone there to show him some music. The supposed cause of death was disease of the heart. A brief remark by Mr Hardy, in a case in the Smythsdale Warden's Court on Tuesday Inst, may not be altogether uninteresting just now to the shareholders in both the National Bunk and the Hand and Band Company, who may possibly remember what part of tlio oyster was left to certain litigants. In cross, examining a witness, Mr Gaunt nskod Mr Hardy — "Hid you ever know n mining claim that wan any good." Mr Hardy answered— "Yes, I knowtho Band of Hope was vory good, and the Hand and Band is very good— for lawyers. " Laughter. Ill onr list of tho jury in tho Collins inquiry yesterday, tlio namo W. M. Biggs sliould liav'o been printed W. M. Brigga. At the Richmond Polico Court to-day, John M'Grath, a laborer, was charged with having deserted his wife. «Mi- Stephen appeared fur the defendant, and objected that there was no proof of a marriage. The case wns remanded "for r, week to ennbic the complainaint to prove the marriage. Saralt Qiiinlan, charged with having abused a constable in tho street, because lie would not take hor husband into custody, was dismissed. Houora Lundcrgan was bound over to keep the peace towards her husband, William Lon- dergnn, a laborer, whom she had assaulted. John M'Gorlick, wn3 lined 5s, for having been dronl: in charge of a horso and ear. Frank Huiin nnd Tabby Johnson, two young men. were fined £1 Is and £2 2s, respectively, for having used insulting words towards Maria Bruminy, when she resented an assault which they had committed upon her son, a ittle boy, who interfered with thorn while they were playing cricket. Louie Holwig was charged with having stolen female wearing apparel of tho value of £27 from the house of Mrs Beid, in York street. Mr M'Donncll, barrister, defended the pri soner. Tlio defence was that the prisoner was n tenant of tho prosecutrix, living next door to her, and that she gavo him the clothes to pawn for drink. Tho jn-isoncr was com mitted for trial. William Lament, Samuol Watson, Frank Watson, Ernest Watson, James M'Guimiess, William Honrlcy, Thomas Whoohin, Thomas Chcevers, anil John West, camo before tho City Bench this morning, charged with " Plnying a game of pitch nnd toss." Thoso were all boys, assorted sizes. The offence took place on Sunday, nt Hothnui. A police man swooped on tho quarry, hut oonld not sur round them, and only idontified one or two, tho others swarming away over tho fencos. Choovers, ono of the smaller boyB, turned Queen's evidence. They woro playing with pennies, nnd winning them off each other. He was not playing, but lout threepence to other hoys to play. Tho people woro coming licnio from church. Mr Call, l'.M., licttired tho boys in a kindly mnnnor, yet pointing out how near they woro to rairi by boiug sent to gaol. Thoy were fined hnlf-n-orown each. . . A youth nnmed William Herbert figured before the City magistrates this morning .for stealing fowls from tho premises at the Bota- nic Gardens refreshment rooms, on tho \ arra hank. A little fellow named Blackburn de posed to witnessing the robbery .thoro being other boys witii the prisoner. Since Master Uigby saw the operation too, there was_ no loophole of escape, and Herbert went to prison for three months ; dctcctiye Kidney having giucn liini a suitable character. At tlio last meeting of tlio BullafBulla Shire Council, Mr George Bullen, of Melbourne, was appointed solicitor to the council. " Yesterday was the hottest day that lies been experienced at Ballarat this season. The morn ing gave promise of a very sultry day, and the heat gradually increased until at noon tlio thermometer Btood nt 103 4-10 deg. in the shade. Tho following horses arrived ill Geelong yes terday by train Czar, Zambesi, Whirligig, Qiibein lice, Lord Hairy, .Shadow, ond Grcy- stanes, . A very pretty schotiischo, ' entitled ' the Heart's Delight, has just been published hy ' the composer, Ifcrr Alfred Meyer, „f East Melbourne. It is written in the key of B flat with a trio in E flat, and being easy of execu tion, is within tho roach of all pianoforte players. The time is excellently marked, and tho melodies are tuneful and taking throughout. It is dedicated to Mrs John Figdon, ex- Mayoress. The lithographers aro Messrs. Troedel and Co., of Collins-street, to whom praise is due for tlio creditable manner iu which tlio printing lias been got up. Tho Geelong Advertiser says We are authorised to stnto that his Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen will bo present at tiie Geelong race-meeting to-morrow (Thurs day), arriving by the second special train. It will no doubt bo tho last occasion of the vice-regal family visiting this part of the colony. The traffic (says tlio Dunolly Express) on tlio Dunolly to St. Amnud line is necessitating tiie running of special trains almost constantly; so great is the supply of wheat especially from the district lying around tlio terminus, that it could not otherwise be got to the seaboard. On Saturday afternoon no less than five trains were attiio station together, and represented a business that, wo imagine, was not nt all an ticipated here so soon after the opening of tho line. The Whnmera Star writes Tiie railway lino is now completed within four miles of Horsham. Many doubts have been expressed that tho lino will not be finished by the 5th February, the day of tho celebration, but wo understand that an additional shift of men has bcon put on, nnd that the line will reacli Hor sham in ample timo for tho opening. ' The glio.-t has found his way to Geelong. Tlio Advertiser says Some sorry practical joker lms lately been employed in tho very humorous work of frightening women and children iu the vicinity of Armytage's road, Newtown. Clad in white, after nightfall, a figure has been seen by several people during the past three weeks, aud the result has been that sundry children have almost been frightened into convulsions. Thero would not be much harm done if some one armed with ft thick stick were to meet this counterfeit spectre whilst lie is engaged in his cowardly pranks, and make a real ghost of him. Tito following, from a Sydney paper, should be rend and studied with care by many of our working meii Cheap labor, cheap butcher's meat, friendliness between employer aud e:n- ploj'ed — nil are "burning questions " amongst us at present. In this column we liavo not scope to enlarge auginuiitatively on these mat ters, but we give a case bearing more or less on these and cognate topics, and allow it to point its own moral. A gentleman who is. a large employer of labor, anil lifts been a hard worker himself all his life, came to tho conclusion sonic time ago, which has now seem ingly been arrived at by numbers more in the community, that butcher's meat is too high priced. Being a 'cute, practical man, lie went to a wholesale dealer, asked the price of a whole carcase that was hanging up, assuming the air of a perfect connoisseur and one up to every turn of the trade. It is needless to detail each step of the transaction. The result wns that our philanthropic friend got tho car case at a price just about half what he would have had to pay had he bought it by the pound separately. Ho next, having a friendly feel ing towards his employees, got hold of his foreman, and tolil him ho would he happy to purchase for his "hands" a whole carcase daily, get a man to cut it up into suitable pieces, allow them to divide it among them selves, and only charge those who took pieces the wholesale pricu for it. Tho foreman did not seem to lie struck with the genuine un solicited kindness of the oi'fcr, nor to appre ciate tlio great Baving it would be to tlio workmen. Tho plan, however, was tried. Nice suitable pieces wore out up, and lots drawn amongst the hands for them. What wns. tlio result At tile end of a week the foreman reported that tiie workmen would "striko"if the kindly-meant offer for their good waB persisted in. It transpired that the scheme failed because every one could not get a shoulder, or leg, or the particular piece lie fancied. They preferred to pay double tho price at the shop, because there they " had their cliice." This is a true tale. Wc offer no comment on it. It can bear half-a-dozen ap plications. One of the most peculiar characteristics of the present summer (remarks the Ararat Advertiser) is tlio abundance of manna which is now exuding from many of the native trees. Mr. Moorfoot, of Carroll's Cutting. Big Hill, says that from nearly all the trees ill that 'neighbourhood a largo quantity is being oozed out, and the children gather it as it drops to the ground. At Opossum Gully a number of the trees glisten with manna, and with tin: sun sparkling upon the foliage a new beauty is added to the scenery. For many years past there lias been a most noticeable absence of ,tiii3 natural sweatmeat in the bush n this locality. The Ballarat Courier states tho reflection of a largo fire was visible in tlio direction .of Lenrmonth lost night, about nine o'clock, but we were unable to learn the exact localit- or the cause of tile conflagration. From tlio Geelong Advertiser wo learn that a party of anglers located themselves the other afternoon near a place called the sheepwasli, at tho Cnnnowarre Lakes, and there had a good deal of excitement in tlio way of "bites." The lake appeared to be swarming with sharks, and thirty-one, measuring about two fo.it iii length cacb, were landed. One shark, sad to bo six feet long, seized the honk and lino of tlio angler, and swain olf with rod and tackle. Tho Sydney Evening News write i : — A very impnrtant article in tiie currant number of the Melbourne Review is devoted to the elabo ration of tlio opinion which has liven often ex pressed in tlio columns of this paper, that the Victorian Opposition Couneil and Opposition Fress were very injudicious in their methods of conducting political warfare. TJiey have been quite as wanting in modoratfon as Mr Berry and his friends, and this defect is more noticeable in the would - he "party of order" than among avowedly Radieal politicians. And, moreover, the assailants of Sir George Bowen have - not only been coarse and almost disloyal, hut they have shown a gross disregard of constitu tional principle. The writer of tlio article we refer to, which has attracted much attention in Melbourne, is said to bavo much political experience, and lie treats his subject from a very practical point of view. In ono respect, .however, ho ia certainly misinformed. He says, the syinjiatliios of tho neighbouring colonies aro with tho Council. This is a great mistake, ho far as New .South Wales is concerned, for, though most of us have little sympathy with Sir Berry, wo have still less with the Council. For the sake of our good friends across tlio border, as well as for the good of Australia generally, wo hope to seo the rise of an inter mediate sound Liberal pavty. An ingeniotiB fraud lias, aecordingto Figaro, been committed oil a wealthy merchant resid ing in tiie neighbourhood of Taris A wook or two ago ha received a lot-tor informing him that tho writer had ascertained that a box containing treasure was tmrlud iu bis garden, and offering to indicate tho exact spot if he would agree to divide tho spoil. Tlio mer chant wns at first inclined to treat the loiter aa a hoax, but upon receiving a second and mora pressing ono ho sent an answer agreeing to tiie, proposal. Tho next day he was waited upon by a gentleman of agree able manners, und it was arranged that tlio search should ho made at night in order to prevent the neighbors from talking. The box— a very weighty one— was duly unearthed, and when taken into the house and opened wns found to contain S000 francs in silvor pieces of 5 francs each. The merchant, muoli pleased at tlio result of tlio search, rt onci linnded over tlio linlf which liu had promised to ids informor, wilo remarked that it was ra ther a heavy lump to carry to tlio railway i station, distant about a milo, and tbat perhaps the merchant would oblige him with notes or gold instead. This the- merchant was very lmppy to do; but llo regretted it bitterly tha next morning, as ho saw by t\io light of day that the G-frane pieces wore spurious, 