SPIRITUALISM. ' On Sunday evening tho Rev. J. Storie de livered in St Andrew's Church tho fourth ;of his lectures oil the subject of Spiritualism. ; There was again a largo and profoundly , nttcntivo congregation. Ho selected for his text Luke ii, )<(th and liitli nnd Acts ii. 17tli, and commenced by calling attention to tho present.tendency of thought, and feeling; a craving in many minds for spiritual com munion ; for more knowledge of the secrets of tho unseen world ; for tho sensation of walking in a higher range, that only tho spirit of God could safely satisfy. Men could not remain satisfied with the more law of cause and effect ; into tho endless cycle of nature's with tho mere negatives' of philosophy. Masses of men were instigated by ail impulse that scorned tho boundaries of mere knowledge; by an appetite for things of faith ; by a hope of fresh miracles and mysteries ; watching at tho gate of some third heaven that was to be opened by mag- netic passes or incantations of the magic circles. Tho' religious and supernatural in- stincts had been defrauded ; the appetite had been so sharpened by tho abstinence of long privation, that it was felt by thou sands an absolute -satisfaction to get tho silence broken, if only by some touch or vision; anything to open and reveal tho world unknown. Men had actually risen insurgent and were striving to feed tho hunger of sinly immortal by the silly gib- berish and by tho badly written, fantastic, or diabolic oracles of this new invasion of necromancing demons;" It was folly, he said to contravene the fact that men were living here as spiritual' beings responsible to God, and on the verge- 'of- an eternal world and acted on .by spiritual powers, good or bad, to whoso influence they had tho' power to open or to close tho soul. This world was tho great battle-field where heaven and hell were contending ; tho soul of man was tho prize of victory, ; It took. its position more' or less deliberately in the phalanx of Christ, or /to tho crowding ranks of the apostnoy ; ns a traitor, to God to open ono liioro inlot to tho tronehofous nnd lying host, or to 'guard tho cntrnnco antl stop tlio invasion. In the onp enso it, fell u .captive ; in tho other It rqao a Victor.' No man living h, a Christian land CCjuW escape tho responsibility. Tho ques tion wp werp compelled to faoo was this— Is thy spirit ta he in' communion with God. or 111 cqimnunlon with tljo invading demons? 4 ho Iloly Hpirlt s liiciliiiina among men vou may lie and must bo, or His who was oast down .from Heaven. Ho had already estab- Iisliod. tlio fact tlmt men may bo the mediums of lying ; spirits ; may give up to thoso spirits I w?' w ? tlicir wish, ftiHlto out tlioih- Sojt cs off from Christ a redomption, nnd tlmt thoso spirits .wore not from tho dead no father, no mother, no wife, no husband, oiico gone had over como back. Wlion those spiriU said re.tlicy. l ed. t(n fhe,, tn nillrni ami to cstobllsl, from Um Sciintiivo- records ihnt no holy nngels dftlontortho soifls of man, , If healing mossnges from heavon they stood outsido tho- soiil of man. Ihey entered none ami iuapircil noiio ns mediums. Tlio reason was that flip place of. ransomed men- was ; liighor tlmn that of angok nenror tq God ; tlipy respected tho' dlgHlty qml thp Banctity of man. His soul l1 "lono ; tlio tomplo of tho noly ni ri - r ",0" ei>0,t0 of 11,0 tr" Position of n Cliristiau man. ltecoiring Christ, Ho received the power to become a Son of God. To thoso who took this position and this dignity, ..there ovas .reverence shown by angels; and vagrant nnd iinpish spirits— table-rapping, , boll-ringing, face-tapping, Xianohet - writing spirits— did not dare to presumo to' play off fantastic fooleries on thorn. ! The Christian was a true and chosen- medium of God, dignified. and sanctified by the indwelling of too Holy Spirit ; tho living hoino on earth of tho Holy Spirit; tlio medium of all His communications to tlio church and to tho world. Tho promise of the Son of God was — "I will pray tiio b'athor and Ho will give you another Comforter," tlio X'aracloto, the Helpor, that He ' may abide with you for over. Ho dwolletli with with you and shall ,bo in you, and "when the' spirit'of truth' is como, He will guide yon into, all truths, and Ho will show you things to come." That waa the promiso of tho Son of God to thoso who desired to know truth nnd only truth ;. who desired to . walk safe' imd keep th'cir soiils pure for God! IIo will make you a medium, liko Himself pos sessed, inspired ; 'a medium of the. spirit of God.1 The lecturer thon.procecdcd to show how power camo oven' as the lord after His baptism with tho Holy Ghost; how power camo as i the; disciples after the baptism at l'onticost'; how spiritual gifts in many forms wore in exereiso in the church at Corinth ; but all these worketh the One and the self same spirit, ; .dividing soverally to each ;man lis He willeth." -;Ho bclieyed that in'.overy age tliero hod-boon Bomb to whom-these dia- closures had'becn'mado ; on whom peculiar spiritual gifts and powers hnd been con: ferred. -'It had boon so in all tho churches, rind overy- sonl iu tile, community, .howevor . low ns'yot in the 'scalo of intollsctual ' or moral or religious being— was invited to bo'a medium >f' the Holy Spirit; He had been created in thb Divine' imago,' ransomed by Christ,' and wns called by- God-to receive ; the Holy- Ghost.; Millions lniving the means of better .-knowledge were turning deliber ately into forbidden :paths ; refusing to open their souls to the inhabitation of tho Divine Spirit, and combining to givo up. what con trol thoy could over their own faitli and faculties, to their families and social circles, to beings recognised by them as spirits ; and spirits who had no'Divino, commission, no credentnls of truth, and no legitimate author ity, nor right of abodo herb to lying spirits ; spirits of a grade no higher in intelligence or morals, than their own., Ho then produced a second message, professing to havo 'como from a spirit, , which had reunited him by post on Friday. ' It professed to come from a "pure and good spirit from one who dared to speak' of itself ns being " My spirit and a comforter " promised by Christ and sent to "tench all truth." He wished to speak tenderly of this messago ; but ho inuat . ;spcak . faithfully. Was .it true that that spirit was tho promised Comforter, tlio Holy Spirit of God ? If not, then it was an impious blasphemy ; " thou hast lied not , to men, but to the Holy Ghost. The lea- turer then read from ono of tlio tracts issued in thousands for the " Propagation of the Truth," this now truth that was to enlighten tho world. . The true religion requires ncither'of these ("mysteries' and symbols"), which wore both. introduced by Saul, that sclioming sooundrol, of whom it was written that no other man thou ' living could have given falsehood a more inviting face than ho did ; for ho wns full of effrontery, artful, easy .manners, humble, mild, violent when occasion called, a elenr knave with a good character, but a bad conscience. The reli- gion established by Paul in tlio interests of tho priesthood, by whom ho was bribed, is perfectly distinct from that of God nnd humanity. Tho pure religion of Lovo anil X'oa'ce, ns taught by 1 tlio noble Jcstis, before it wns perverted by that nntichrist Saul, was adopted by nil coming ngos." What was the character of these rovealors and of these revelations that spoko thus of tho greatost teacher and tlio grandest saint ill tho Church of Christ ? Thoy. spoke in this samo tract of Jesus .ns having Been in early lifo a disciple of tho Jowish sect named tho Essence or of tho Thorapontro. Thoso ab- jured innrringojand nto no fiosh ; their only diet bread nnd water; nnd candidates for ndmissioii into tho soot of tho Essenes took hn oath " that thoy would reveal to no ono , tlio names of tlio angels which were to bo cniiniunicatcd to thom." Tho shamoless slnndor of St; Paul by tliis spiritual medium ; this' assigning. liiiii n place, as an antichrist, in tho dnrkost hell, might well bo ascribed to liia frequent premonitions of the terrible liavoo ; their teachings - and" tlioir inliu- ,cnco; was ; ; to . work in jthe i .'opostalisiiig litirch ; "giving hood to- scduotng spirits and tlio teachings of demons;" and in self: humiliation- cultivating angels, intruding rashly iiito things bnrsoives, and so separat ing from tlio headship of Christ (Col. ii., verses 18 — 19). If ho spoke 'by inspiration, then this insolent contempt was not contempt .of Saul, but of tho Holy Spirit of God. And now it scorned tlmt tile ono question liore at issue, in tho care of ovory innn within .the rcnelf of God's gospel was this — Will you Jiolp tlio holy Christ to gain this world for, |Him who died on tho cross, nnd is now on 'tiio throne of God, nnd to hold it for Him ? Tliis work is converting man; inbriuglng them OTcr te; Christ from indifference, comtcmpt, ;roboUidn,- was undertaken by tho spirit of itho eternal God ; tlio labor niul' tho responsi bility wore now in;Him j ' the domon host, in nil its wiles, its mysterious fascinations, and ;its fnwiiing flatteries, as well ns its lusts, its ipassioiiB, its. cruel opprosaions, waa arrayed ( against -Him. Every man was enlisted or enlisting — -.vhother ho knew it or knew it. jjjot-i-in tho host of Satan', or on' tho sidd 'of i Christ. IIo can tako part, and he" niust", with tho Holy Ghost, by giving to Him the i possession of his soul and tTio cnorgotic fAqtioii , of. his., will, . or .take part jagnmst ; Him,'., and ' so: 1\qId .on.' this ilnst,. and"' final : a'jiosiaoy teohi" God. ftovor," till of luto years, did ho clearly lundorutaud how this sin against the Holy. Ghost could be consummated in the form of .direct insult and defiance, J$ was plain now. No mora insolent resisting ot tlio iHoly Ghost CQuldibe cbnceivod than for men in n ohrlatiau land to throw away- their souls from :Him, and seek for.light, and help,1 and comfort, to these invading doinons.- , Tliero :could(. bo ;Uo. greater; outrage to, any, pure- woman than the riian— libr, husband and pro tector—bringing into lior house and into the' heart of hor family,' - a harlot. That drovo hor from what' should' lw lior sanctuary, insulted aqd- outraged. - So niight; this— a bjidocd and outrago—lw dono to the spirit of God. It was to be the sin of the lost times. r » The1 struggle was beginning or begun. Tho muster roll , wns boing mndoup; who was holding with tlio Holy Ghost 1 winch of us siding with doinons ? < \Sqou oaol! of us might be scalod fur flotl mul his inheritanco, or sealed for antMirist and his pcrditjqq, Thoro might ho somo prcscut Who., In that coming, day, should .be trans- latcd Into the glory as thoy heard . the' knoll the departing- spirit qf God.; some 'who should remain' hcliiud saw ' wlien tho doom would no inscribed — Ephrimq Is joiuod to Ills idols !" i i Gknbilvi, Hoswtal.'— In-patiohts, rotnain- ibg fllet May,. 77 admitted sinco, 2I jr dis- oharged, 20 j died, 1 ; rcmniniug 7th June, 77 ;; iiow disponsary pationts, 30., GhttviiouNDH.— Mr. W. 'T. Bcll offored for 8alo.nt his. mart on Saturday, says - tho Chronicle, tho' following well ki(owu groy. hounds Countess, fawn slut; wholpcd March,. 1878,, by Gonoral— Fly by Pluto, otg, .;Lady fary, whelped Novoinbcr,1877, red and whito slut by the imported dog Torront, out of Snnddou's Bella., iBoUo, fawn slut, 3 years old by Speed. -" As thcro woro no bids tlio aniniftlq woro withdrawn from sale, A mectlng'of tho members of tho New Town iJOotbaUClub will bo. held; nt Mr. lIut»W. Now Town. , ' ,'4VRI,0'i'.linn,,;.cenoroi mooting of tho members of tifo Tasmanian llaohitf Glnb will bo held on iho 7th proximo at the Rock llotcl. 'Wo remind our rentier of the lecture and Onuwcti entertainment to take plaoo nt tho hall .adjoming Oholmer'a Cburoh tliis ovening. Tho lecturo to bo given by tho Her. R. Wob. ster on " National Charaetorietics." to be fol- lowort by selections of musle by Indies and gon- Uomen, - ' . fa ' 