INTERCOLONIAL. ... melbourne. Thursday. ' The polioo authorities' having loarnt that tho Kolly Gang woro in Puzzle ; Ranges, twenty miles from Mansfield, a detachment of tho tho polioo foroo visited tho spot and found two saddles and otlior traoos of tho presenoo of tho gang. Police Court.— At tho Polioo Court ycBtor- dny morning, tho ohurgo shoot was again a blanki Theatre Royal. — " Our Boys" wob produced for tho laBt time last night, and thoso who nog'.ootod tlio opportunity afforded them of witn'ossing tbc> ottoman soono botwoon Cbarlio Middlowiok atad Misb Robo Melville, piayod by Mr. PattorRon anil Miss Stophonson, lost a treat ; it cot Jd uot bo surpassed. To-uight being tho fas) jionablo night, Mr. W. H. Robi- son's play of tlio ' Wife's Yiotory," whioli is spoken of highly by tho profession, will ho tho pieoo performed. The School of Arts.— "Carlton's Ghost" was In immonae foroo last night, and the ap plansowarm throughout. Eveijoody.willboory- ingoht "Haveyouseon the OhoBtf!' 'ind'tvopan assure our readeini'.th ijb''is well worth seeing. :Thb illusions are itorfeei/ and nothing like, it hasofor been proijuoed in\the Nortih whioh has created suoh a furore dt interest, Tho hall was literally orammod —hardly standing room, Tho " Ghost" will walk es usual to-morrow ovoning, if ho oan find room, bat boing a fashionablo night tbo plnco is - sore to bo crowded ; howovor, as he " oomos like shadows, bo departs," there is no ioar of his boiitg in commoded, whatever his guests may be. Primitive Methodist Church. — In nddition to tho spooial religions sorvicos on Sunday last, in commemoration of tho filtconth anniyorsary of the Fitzroy-stroet Primitive Methodist Ohnrh Sunday Sokooi, a pablio meeting was hold in tho Ohnroh' last evening in oonncction with the same event. There waB a good at tendance of the members of the Church and their friends, and the ohair wns oaoa- pied by Mr. Power. On the platform wo i notioed tho Rev. Messrs. Williams, I'Erson, and Hartley,' The Chairman read lottcrs from tbo Rev. Messrs. Hay and Cameron, apolo gising for thoir unavoidable nhsonoo, Tho' proooodings thon roaolvod thomaolvos into a succession of readings, rooitationB, and musionl pieces, very nicely rendered by tho Sunday-solioul. ohildron, of whom it waa stated daring tho ovoning thoro woro about a hnn. drod and twenty on the! roll.. Tho entertain ing efforts of tho.ohildren woro intersporsod by addroBses of an onlivqning and praotiaal ohar- aotor by' tho rev. gontlemon above-named. Tho Rov. M. Hartley, in tho oourso of a very- earnest, and sometimes amusing, address, men tioned incidentally that it was intonded to tsko steps towards tho formation of a Band of ' Hope, in' order that wbilo thoy incrensod tlicir efforts for tho suppression of tho vico of intom- poranoo in grown-up, people, tho : children shonld be proteotcd from aoqairing a tasto for aloohol.'- , Distriot Court.— The sittings of the Central Distriot Court wore continued yesterday, before his Honor Judge Blake. Tho jury oaso Jewell v. Duncan and' Maodonald, damagos £197 17s. 6d., was heard, and resulted in a vordiot for tho defondants. Tho oaso of W. Kaeoh v. E. Bates, for recovery ol rent .and possession ol, promises in East-streot, was partly hoard, and adjourned till this morning. Thoro nro throo moro oases on the list, bosldoa an application lor a new trial ; but we believe one of the oaso has been, or will be, arranged ont of Court, and it is expeoted that the throb remaining matters: will bo got through before luuoh to-day. Tho| Court opons at 10 o'oloah; ; Building Society, No 6.— The twenty-eighth monthly mcoting of the Robkhampton Tor- miniablo Building Society, No. 6, was held at tho Soorotary's oillocs last night; the sitting! direotors being Messrs. Stewart qndLinthwaiteJ £153 lie. 7d. was recoived as snbscription and; intorost. No advance shares were sold. MoniNisn Goldfield. — In the oaso of Gad- son and party v. Nathan Wilson, in whioh it was Bought to dispossess the latter of a olaim on the Morinish, the Gold Warden, Mr. Fngh, has given his deoision. It appears that Wilson has beon working the ground in dispato 1 or tho last three years, and considered ho had a perfeot title to' it, as ho waB the holder of a' miner's right. This, however, ia.not euffloient. He should havo sont in an applioation for tho ground and had it marked off, neither of whioh has been done. Wilson, howovor, finding that he could not maintain his claim, took his . tools and apptianoes off tbo ground, and oonsa- quontly, wlion tho mattor oamo before tho Warden, Godson and party did not press tho question of damagos, whioh they woro em powered to do if thoy ohoso. Wilson, besides forfeiting the ground, was ordered to pay tlio oosts of the proceedings, amounting to £2 6s. An Unexpected Jod. — An inoidont ooourrod at the oponing of tho Distriot Court yostorday morning which afforded muoh amusement to all in Court— except perhaps one gentleman, who dropped ia for a day's oooupation in quite au unexpected dircotiou. The list of speoial jurors had been called over, and the "gentle men of tho Bpeoial jury" had duly answorod . to their names bb they were called, after whioh tho first aase was .aalled and the empanelling of the jury of four was proceeded with. There wore only sovou names on tho panol, and out of these soven tho oonnsel on oithor eido peremp torily challenged two jurors oaoh, thus loaving only three jurytnon unchallenged. This being reported to tho Judgo, his Honor dircotbd that a juror should be pioked out from amongst the gontlemon presont in Coart. Mr; R. S. G. Maodonald had just entered the Court, and wns arossing tho floor towards a seat, whou tho Bailiff of tho Court nccosted him and handed him into tho jury box amidst great morrimont, whioh thoro was no attempt made to suppress. Mr. Maodonald at onoe realised his unezpeotod position, and stood -for a fow momenta in the jurybox, looking wistfully ronnd tho logai gontlemon, as is tho habit of jurymen, in the expectation of hoaring tho' woloomo- exclama tion, " Challenge 1" But it camo not, and he resigned himself to tho position, ovidontly far from relishing tho-honor that had boon thrust upon him. " Punoh."— Our lively friend, with a hump, and a very prominent noso, slightly moro aquiline than the patent Roman, keops up his charaotor. Eds lost appearance is a proof that the older ho grows tho moro apioy and epigra- mitio ho bocomos ; whilo ho aertaiuly illustrates his " giboB," his " gambols," his " songs,' and his " flushes of morrimont," in a mannor highly oroditablo to his taste and ability. Tho illustrations are, in faat, superior to the read- ing mattor, whioh at times wants " out," and at otlior times " thrust," " The Crumpled Roseloaf" has a thorn rolled up in it, whioh prioks both tho Bohemian husband and tho . Bohemian wife, who, liko most women, " is a rako at heart" (vide Byron). " Lifo in Queensland" is oapital ; tho " New Inonmbent' finding, after a series of involuntary equostrinn foats, that trusting to his own logs is best after all. ."Nurse M'llwraith" iB worthy of " Loudon Punoh"— the dear creature is iu his proper aostumc— ho makes a grand old woman ; hut, liko most old women, ho is fondor of pronobing than praotisiug, " Tako at Sonny" is all very woll ; but ' " Sonny" might turn upon "NurBy," aud say why don't you swallow a doso yoursolf P If a drenoh of rotronohmont will ouro mo, it will havo tho samo offoot upon you — bogin with Number Ono." Tho " Musical Young Ladioa," who oouldn't find gentlomon fiddlors to boau them homo, must strike many a tonder chord. It is to bo hopod thut tho hint will lo takou. Tlio " Lamentable and Tragio Comedy" iB lament ably long and prosy, nud wo rocommond it as a so-pofifio ; ono doso after tho whiskoy will be sufficient. . i A New Venture.-Wo have to aokhowlodgo tho receipt of "No., 1. if tho Aramaa Mail and MitchdlDittrict\Akrtiser. Tho Mail nu- noujaockitiislf as hoin'" mniuly and primarily a pastoral paper," wk!> it undortakcB not to forget' that thoro aroiiot subsidiary intorcsts. It dedans as its opinion that polltioally thoro are ho partlos i Queensland ; that there is no groat difforonci between Mr. M'llwraith nud Mr. GrifBik,'ex$t that the lattor gentlo- man sooins hardly t havo raalisod tho import-, anoo of tho paetoraflntorcBt to the oolony at largo. Although Ht'rould be somewhat diffi cult for our new oonmpornry to eubstautiato this ohnrgo, wd quitmndorttand tho neeoBsity for his making it— ai we should advise him by all moans to stiok o it. Tho Mail will bo ueoful as a moans of illeating and distributing nows from onr Woatei Diatriots, and we hope it will havo a long an>auooossful lifo. GAs Company.— To balahae-shoot of the, RookliaWipton Gob nnd Ooko Company,. livjted. for tho hallvnur nndinff Slut Mat. 1879, was handed to < yesterday by tho secre tary ; and we havo mSh pleasure in eongrntu- ; lating tho aharoholiks. Tho profits of tko: half year, amount tc£1073 lf>a. 83,, and this, upon n paid-up oapitd of £13,226 14s,, is very noarly 1GJ por aout, .argo as this is, it would,' in our opinion, bo infiitoly larger, if tho prloo' of tho gas were ooriderably lowored, and if tbo monthly aooouuts:endorod of the quantity ooDBnmod woro rogiar, and not showing as thoy do largo inoroaes and small decreases,, although the same nmbor of burnors nro, lighted, and kept bunng for the samo number of hours. Thoro . wo many private houses where gas would lo consumed, if tho prfoo woro : lowored. Neosho iB, as is well known,, muoh tho ohonpor, but gas is so clean ; there are so fow risks o( accidents, and there is bo littlo 'trouble nttoniing kooping everything in, order, that a losscnng in its oost prioe would, wo ore oortain,, very mntorially inoreaso its: oonsumption, both in pluces of buuinesB and privato housos. Loiking at tho profits;- and calculating upon tlo largo incrouse in oon-'. aumptioi whioh wotid follow up tn tho lower- lug bllU priOOj WO u.O 01 OpiQIOu lUAv l«9e UU, would 1» oharga a fair to tho shareholders, ; and fair to tho ooummors ; and wo fool confi dent such a ohurgo ivould Beouro a continuous dividend >£ 10 pet oont. .Tho linlf-yenrly meeting ol tho sheroholdors will bo held on. Thursday, 19th inslant, for tho purpose of rii-l ociviug anc -ndoptieg the report and balance-' sheet, and wo suggest to the shareholders the; advisability of rooommonding that tho gas he lowored to lis, Gd..,.. , RooKHAMBrow Ra ment tho haidioappors upon tho result of their! iuuuio ) nu vyiitu it ua uuiug uuu aud best over issuod in tho oolony. Tho task, was a diffiodt one, on uooount of tho nuinbor of horsos eniorod and of tbo quality of thoso whioh havo tho top weights. It required1 judgment and discretion to weight horses whioh either lately, cr in their day, have beau por-: formers; while tho aspirants, many of them' having olaiinB from tho stablos from whioh thoy! oome, or from the show thoy have made, without boing; nbEoluto winners, rendered it no' easy matter to placo thorn in tho list, Thoro' oan bo no doubt, howovor, bnt that tho handi caps have gvren universal satisfaction, and we should not bo surpriBod to find that a largo number of nags faood tho starters for oaoh' oyent. Wo do not pretend to bo gniity of tho gift of propheoy, but, upon .lookiug over tho lists, 'WO havo arrivod at aonolusions which wo are nndoi tho impression will be found to bo not vory far out of tho way. For tho Port Curtis Handicap we fnnoy Melbouruo, Sydnoy, Viscount, and Horod. Tho last-mentioned horso has, if wo mistako not, boen at stud ; if se, it will tell against him, but he is staunoh aud dopondablo, nnd has made his mark. Visoouut is dangorons, ovon at 8st. 41b. ; and the Duko nf Lynno, at 7st. 41b., ought to rnako it hot. If Mr. Pring's Earl will gallop ho is an awkward ouBtomor at 7st. 21bs., aud we shonld bo inclinod to think thnt his owner's oolors will not (oontingent upon temper) bo far bohind, if not in front. ForthoRookhampton Handicap wo must again piok Sydnoy, Mel; bourno, Herod, and tho Earl, giving Sydnoy tho ohoioe, his late running liaviug shown him to be a first-class horso. Again, we say, we are doubtful about tho Earl, but it is impossible to plaoe any reliance upon him. King Colo, at 8;t. lib., should bo well forward. . Our ohoioe is Sydnoy. For tho Flying Handicap wo piok out Viscount (tlio distnnoo will just suit him)', Duko of Lynne; and Sydnoy. Onoe moro we have to remark that, wo droad the Earl, and that if Herod: bo not ovorworkod ho will be elose qp if not leading. Tho Flying Handioap gives a ohanoo to onr youngsters, and to tho old 'uns that havo not hitherto beon np when in good company, but wo tiro nndor tho impression that not very many of thorn will jump off when tho liandkorohiof is dropped. We again oomplimont onr hnndienppers, and express a hope that tho Rockhnmpton Raocs of 1879 Will surpass all preceding ones, both as to the quality of tho horses, the exoollonoe of tho sport, and tho attondanao on tho course. We will take advantage of this opportunity 'to impress upon both town and oountry how wise it would bo, in every way, to coma forward liberally with subscriptions. It would bo foolish iu tho extreme to follow the policy of our Government, and show tho white feather beoauso times happen to be bad. They will be gopd again, and tho host way to make them good is to show onr 'oonfidenoe in oursolvos and tho rosouracs of the /country. Besidos, is not Mr. M'llwraith, aftor doing his host to deory tho orodit and soundness of tho oolony, going in for a loan of £3,000,000 f And who knows what effect our liberality or illiborality with regard to our raoes may have upon the Stook Exohango P Wo are not ovor-woighted yet. Lot us show onr pluck, ond, Lombard- troot to a China orange, we oome in winners. 1 A New Company.— Wo are pleased to learn that a oompany, entitled tho " Rookhampton Asphalt Pavoment Oompany," has boon formed in tho town, for tho purposo or oomplotiug the tho works lately oommouood by the Corpora, tion, and whioh works, it is pretty evident, the said Corporation would tako some years in bringing to a finish. Wo warmly approve of publio oompanios carrying out all public un- dortukiugs, from the construction of railways downwards. Tho work is, as a rulo, far bottor oxeoutod ; far moro rapidly got through, and far moro satisfactory iu ovory way to tho com munity. Tho people of this oolony loan too much upon tho Govornmout ; thoy run orying to it for evory potty want, and whining to it over ovory potty griovauoo. It Is quite timo thoy loft off thiB namby-pamby Btylo ; oamo out in stronger colors, , and' proved they hitd some Bolf- roliiinoo and prido'. Wo hope tho town will baok up tho originators of tho Asphalt Company, unci that it will bo tho forerunner of many other oompanios ; for, rely upon it, wo shall not tako a place in tlio' front, until wo help oursolvcs, and draw npou our own cnergos and resources to oash the bills lying for retirement in tho Bank of Prosperity. i Petty Dbrts Court.— His Worship the Polios Magistrate yesterday'- deoidod tlio adjourned /PottyDobts jcaao /A. GoddoB.. v. John WaU\7tirhioh';iti>e'iiifitoitid £6 7s. for goods supplied,) Tho dofoudaut dis puted several items in tho bill of particulars, but iu nearly all easos tho itoms woro allowed, nnd a vordiot was eventually given for £4 10s. lid, for plaintiff, with £1 10». oosts. Sugar. — On Monday ovoning Inst a mcoting was hold' at Stonoy Crook, Cowarral, for the purpose of disoassing tho question oh to the ; question as to the advisability of plaoing land under sugar cauo cultivation. There woro somo thirteen or fonrtoon solootors present, but although tbo subject before them was mootod, nothing of a dofloito ehnraeter was snggoBtod. Opinions weere expressed that the land was in every wayonloultod for aagiiir growing, anil that I if any qne wonld tako tholoadand redncoittoa j oertainty that a, plant would bis plaood, .on the ; gronnd, many of the surrounding solootorB would dear and plant. Plooed as the larger proportion of our solootors nro, it' would bo; unwiso for themito lay out the small amount of ! 1 Capitol thoy have at command upon oultivat-; iug a porislmblo crop, unless thoy had tho' oertain means of turning it to u' profitable aocount. It coBts a, largo sum of money to oleal tho land, to plant it with oano, to out and dis patch it to' this mill ; but average returnB from sugar growing are bo large that very many, solootors would etraio a point and lay down a' few aercs, it tiiey found that a lead were being tnken by gontlemon of influence nnd proporty in the distriot. If wo raiBtako not it, would oost something like £16 por acre to dear and plant .'but this would he a first exponas, after ejtponso8 would bo exceedingly light, 'and' tlie second season wonld presuming it to be favorahlo, give largo rnturnB upon " tho outlay of oapital and labor. Taking tho avcrago crop- at 1 J to 2 tons to the aero, and sugar at £30. por ton, it' must be olear to ovory ono that after tho first your, tho profits would bo greater than ooulil be obtained from any othor oiasa of cultivation, and infinitely moro profitnblo than brooding. A plantation of ton aores, if woll looked after, uiiu mvu ureu uvurugu uuaauuBj wouiu unug tu a vory rospootablo inoome. Wo are aware; from personal oxporionae, ; and from .what we' havo gathered from others, that thoro is a largo quantity. . of land in the .Cawarral distriot admirably caloulated for oano oultivation ; and if wo, mistako, not Mr. CoBtello, on his Cawarral station has land sooond to nono; for tho pur poso in tho oolonios. Aud wo fed pretty eon- fidont that if he would tako tho matter iu hand, he wonld ho followod by most of those who aire settled around him. \Yo oannot .too -strongly impress npon our solootors to -move out of their old grove, and to attompt to supply tho Rock-' hampton and other mnrkots with that ptoduco whioh thoy can grow to aud oortainty, a of a quality, at least equal to that imported. It was a subjoot'of regret that at tho lato Graco- more Show there was so indifforont uu oxliibi- of bacon, hams, and salted pork, all of . whioh can bo produoed in quantities Buifioicntly largo not only to oiiook tho iiipour of suoh artloles from tho soutli, but -to allow of a large exporta tion both north and south,. . With sweet potatoes, maize, ond milk, .and extensive runs; our soleotors ought, to turn out bacon, hams, and pork equal to any in tho world — and- wjhy thoy do not do so, bocanso hut littlo capital would borequried, is to'us a mystoiy. Resident Suroeon op the Hospital.— a: special mooting of tho Oommittoo of tho Port Curtis and Leichhardt Distriot Hospital was held in tlio -Clerk of Petty Sessions offioo yOBterdny afternoon, to rcooiro tho roport of tho sub-oommittee appointed to consider tho applications, with testimonials, Bent in for. tho position of resident surgoon of the hospital, Cuptaiu Hunter, tho Prosidout, occupied the ohair, and tho following mombcrs of tho oom mittoo aud modioal staff woro present : — Dr. Salmond, Dr. Bohortsou, Mossrs. T. T. Faunco, W. G.Jaokson, R.L.Dibdin, G; M.' Leigh, E. P. Livermore, W. Pattisou, W. J. Taylor, and Dr. Oainpboll (Secretary). The President said it had taken tho' oommittoo a good deal of pains to doeide upon whichj of the oandidatea woro the, most oligfbic, tho testi monials wore, of ;suah a high order, nnd tho oandidatea all having attained such eminence in thoir profession. Aftor. having: gone ovor the whole of tho testimonials vory ourefully, howovor, tho Oominittoo'docidod to rooommoud tho appointment of Dr. R. H. D. Patorson, M.D., as surgeon and seorotary, Tho report of the Committeo, reoommonding Dr. Patorson's appointment, was then-read, and on tho motion of tho President,. sooondod- by Mr. Livermore, it was adopted unanimously. Tho appoint ment dates from tho , 18st , of Jqly proximo. ThiB was all tho business transaotod. Drunk, My Lord. — It bus long boon our vaunt that the behavior of our legislators oompares vory favorably with that of members ot the southern Assoinblios, nnd'yet wo would hardly venture to urge any such revolutionary measure of reform as would oompol ovory membor of our Assembly to invariably bohavo as a gentleman 'when in the House. But wo think it would not bo too muoh to oxpcot that every membor should bo sufficiently sober to bo accountable for his actions. Yostorday afternoon a membor on tho Opposition oross- bonohes was in suoh a stato of intoxioution as to annoy the Houso for a eonsiderablo length of time by tap-room shouts and drunkon in coherent ejaculations, The Constitution seems hardly to havo contemplated this particular sort of nnisanoo, and the House has oonso- quontly to put up with a form of indooenoy that would command -instant ojeotion from ony plnoo of publio ontortuiument. > Yostorday members oxhibited oonsiderablo patience, and thoiudividualroforrod was tolorated till tho mem hor for Carnarvou adroitly induced him to leavo, but the " representative" ' in'quostioh entered the Chamber at a later hour of -the evening in muoh tho same condition. , Iu the event' of a repetition of bo, disgrnooful nn exhibition wo truBt the loaders of both sidos will tako tbo steps noeossury to bring suoh oondnot undor thu notice of tho Huuso, and to prevent its deliberations boing interrupted and its' dignity dograded by any individual who shows himself ' to bo so unworthy to share in oithor.— Courier. ' Drowned.— Wo regret (says tho Aranuw Mail) to havo to reoord a sad aooident which ooourrod a few days baok at tho Jundnh oross- ing of tho Thompson. Tho river was flooded, and two travellers in endeavouring to Hwim it wore unfarLuuatoly drowriod. Full particulars are not to hand; indood,.tho names of-tho'poor men have not roaohed us. Coooa. — Nothing among tho . produots of tropioal countries has cquallod Ooooa, not only as a drink with meals, but uIbo on aaooant of - its highly nutritious character. Of oourso, suoh being tho oaso, tho otidraious domuud oould only bo mot by the oapital and Invontion of Englishmou, who supply Ooooa in'its diff erent forms to all parts of tho globe. Many claim their brand to be tho best, but that manufactured 'by Taylor Brothore, of Londou, undor the most able homooopathlo advioo, has won tho popular favor for tho bonefit whioh delioato and consumptive porsone havo derived from its uso. This firm stands out prat eminently as ono of the leading maunfaatnrors of n most essential article of food, and in spite of all its nnmurous modern oompotitors' with high-sounding titles, still remains its supre- maqy,— Morning Potti- A Burolary in the City. — Tho Polioo Sup- pMMlng,;Patloulars.— A vory clovoroly oxo- outod burglary, all particulars ooncorniep which Havo for somo roaBon or othor boen 'oitrofully. supproBsorl by tho polioo, rooontlj ooourrod nt tho promisos of JnmeB Sands, bakor, Sussox-stroot, On tho ovoning oi Wednesday, tho 21st, Mrs. Sands took i sovereign from a sum of money whioh sho luu- boon kouping in bur bedroom, but not huvini had ooonBion to uso tbo auin rcforrod to, stii'. ou tbo following morning, went with tlio in tention of replacing it, und was greatly ns- tonishod to find that that tho rest of tho monoy had disappeared. The bedroom, it may be oxplaincd, iB situated on tho firat floor, nnd has u door oponing on to tho bnloony. Wlion going out.ou Wednesday ovoning Mrs Sands looked the door, barring thu approaoh to tho stairs which lead to tho bodroom, but sbo unfortunately failod to tako n similar pre caution in regard to tho door on tho baloony, the usoent to whioh, from tho adjoining housos, is diffloult, but still prootioablo. Tbo robbery mast havo takon plane botwoen tho time' at -whioh Mrs Sands wont out and that at wliioh sho retired for tho night, as until 1 o'clook a.m. sho oaaupiad tho room from tvhioh the mouoy was taken, .with horhuBband, who thon wont to work in tiio bakoliouso, Mr. Sands and his son woro botii downstairs on tho premises during Airs Sonde's absonoo on Wednesday eyouing, and neither heard or saw anything to oxoito suspicion. Tho offenoo is, undoubtedly, tho work of somoono well ac quainted with tbo promisos, and poBBOBSod of aoourato information oonoorning tho habits of tho inmates, inasinuoh as tho wardrobe drawer from which tlio monoy waa stolon, would, to a stranger, bo very diflioult to find, 'i'ho fact of, such a largo sum (£122) boing kept on tho promisos is rathor surprising but it is oxplninod that it was intonded to use it for the purpose of paying a miller, .'.who on tho, vory morning tiiat tbo porpotration of tho: burglary was discovered aallod for his monoy. Mrs Sands herself snrmises tlint tho thief mast; havo boon ooneoalod undor tho bod, and seen her go to tho drawer for the treasnro, whioh was wrappod up in a whito handkerchief uud was made up of £100 in notos and gold, and three ohoquos Bignod by Mossrs. Chapman, Trimble, ond Mnson rospcotivoly, of tho aggrogato 'value of £22 odd. It may bo moutionod as a proof oi tho hoste with whioli tho burglar aotod, that about £30 worth of jowollory whioh was lying in full viow on a ite/.afinin fnlilrt wna. nnfnitnlifir) ftiaf tin fnilod to open anothor- unBOcared drawor, in whioh were valttablos representing a vory aonsidcrahlo amount. Nouo of tho ohoquos havo boon presented. Tho police do not appear to havo any oluo as to tho identity of tho robbor, and it is through our own exer tions sololy thnt tho facts of this rathor ro- markablo oaso nro now laid boforo tho public for tho firet timo. The Dismissed Workmen.— The Tumooomha Chronicle of tho 22nd instant says : — To-dny, in ucoordanoo with tho fiat of Mr. .Mnorossan, 103 mon at IpBwich and 8 in this town will be. discharged from employment, mul according to ,tho estimate of tho Quern gland Times GOO porsons at Ipswioh and about 50 in Toowoomba will bo doprived of thoir broad oarnor.-. Whou Mr. M'llwraith nsked for liia lonn of £3,000,000 Inst year ho stated thnt , ho intended to dovoto £200,000 of it " to immigration on a more ample scale than at present.'' This do- olarntion roads stranguly - by tho light of tho Premier's action siuoe ho took offioo. Ho has stopped - Gorman immigration, partially sus pended immigration from Gront Britain, but has not interfered with the Kanakas, 7000 of whom nro still occupying tlio plnco of whito men in a stato of scmi- slavciw. Now lio at- tooks tho working olnssos, nnd sonds hundreds of fumilicB, in a fortnight's notico, into tbo wide world. Wo learn tlio disohargod mon at Ipswioh are coutompluting chartering a stoumor to tako tliomselvbs and ti-cir families to Now Zealand, whoro thoy will bo received with open arms by n Govornmont and pooplo who do not onoourago ulavo lnbour. \- The Wheel of Fortune.— Tho Melbouruo correspondent of tho Hamilton Spcctaforwritos; Talk about tho turn of fortuno's whoul. Hero we have Mrs Crawford, St. ICilda boarding-houso kuepor, sold oat a fow weeks ago by tho hard hearted monoy londer David Houry. Thon in a law caso arising from Mrs. Crawford's uffairs, Houry is conviotod of ombracory and sent to Pontridge. Then Mrs Crawford falls iu with Mr Tyson, tho Queensland squatter, who marrios hor, aud now Mr Tyson dios nnd leuvos, it is said, n fortuuo of two millions sterling to tho widow. Why, a good novel might bo written aboat it. Found Dead.— A gontlomau just in from tho oountry informs us ( Aratnao Mail ) that as ho and- his party woro orosing Westlands they found tho body of a man rolled in his blnnkotB and lying olose to tho roud by his onmp fire. Lifo oould not havo boen long oxtinot, ns tho fire was still burning. Tlio oauso of doatli wns uncertain. It did not ocour from want, as tho poor follow was camped oloso to wator, and his ration bags wore full. A bottle of Btryohnino was found near tlio body, and it was evident froth the man's knifo time bo had boon mixing some np ; but from tlie nppoarunoo of tlio oorpso our informant doos not boliovo tbo man pois oned hitnsolf. Tho linuds woro folded peacefully across tho breast, and tho faco showed no traces of tho strong spnsms that are caused by strych nine. No oluo oould bo found to tbo poor follows idontity. Tho party onmpod a day and buried him decently. Suoau. — Crusliing wo hoar is likoly to begin this' week upon Fouldon plantation, upon stnndovor cauo. It is also statod that sevornl other mills will bogin operations aftor tho first of Jnno, Tho orops just now aoutinuo to took healthy nnd promuiiog, and range iu donBity from 8 to 9 dogrces Boaumo. Tho weather siuco tho end of the wet souson, exoopting a fow cold nights, has been comparatively mild and tho cano f generally will now rapidly iu- oro'SBo in density. Tho cartago and shipping soasou is consequently drawing nour, nnd tho town will spoodily nssumo its busy industrial aspect. Tlio lato additions to tho inachinory of the distriot will slightly inoreuso tho pro. duction of sugar this year, aud wo nro pleasod to hcar;that sovoral improvements are oontom- platod to iueroaso the milling power at tho ond of this soason. — Mackay Mercury. Killed by the Blacks.— Another victim has been added to the long list of those who have met their death at the hands of the aborigines. A stockman on Connemarar (Mr. de Burgh Persse's) has been murdered. We have not been able to ascertain the particu- lars. The native police have been sent for but their equipment is so defective that it is very doubtful whether they will be able to in- flict adequate punishment on the culprits. As far as we can learn the detachment sta- tioned on the Burke is as ill provided as any in the colony. The five troopers have one rifle among them. They had two, but one was accidentally destroyed by fire. Their horses are very bad— not capable of making an ordinary journey, and quite unfit to follow blacks tracks over the unwatered plains of the interor. [sic] Furthermore, they are unshod, and consequently useless in the ranges. Thus armed and mounted, the Burke troopers have to protect not only the country watered by that river, but also Wills' Creek, the Hamil- ton, five hundred miles of the Herbert, and the Lower Mulligan. It is obviously impos- sible for a detachment so equipped to protect such a district oven in a remote sense of the word. If the detachment had proper arms and horses it could keep the peace in the whole of the district, except perhaps the lower Herbert and Mulligan, to patrol which properly would necessitate an increase of the force. We willingly credit the officers of the native police with an earnest desire to repress and chastise the outrages of the aborigiuals, and it is not fair to compel them to beg or buy horses and arms to enable them to take the field. How- ever willing, the detachment on the Burke is evidently not in a position to portect [sic] the life and property committed to its charge. Of this the blacks are fully aware, hence such murders as that of the poor Connamara, stock- man, and those of Wills' Creek— Aramac Mail. TnK TKLEonArn.— I happonod to night to bo iu the soploty of knowing onos, and tho irtiolein last evoning's T olograph oroppod np. What a sadden chang:) of opinion indoed, and ill through tho Fortltndo Vnlloy olootion, I don't know sir; whothor you havo ovor boon in ,a yaoht raoo; two boats are under fall oanviiss,' nnd tho raoo lies with tho ono who em first round tho buoy, shortening nail, nuldor, l aoliing, and nil snfo movomontoare soon to bo of no avail, a nook or nothing fSljk. luro is mado by tbo craft that finds raOT- closely run, it " glhos, " it may bo swamped, it may losu th" buoy, but sudden nation must ho takon, nnd a gibo is triod. Tlio Telegraph line adopted tho course of tho apparently losing yaohl, tho working men would havo nono of it, those who first supported it dcoriad its ohatigo of prinoiplo, it appoars to have "gibed," will it swim, sr do swampod. For my own part I don't think mnoh of u yaoht that oan't win a raoo. undor its own oanvass ; throw up tho oolors nt onoo first. Mr. Justioo Lilloy told an apropos story in tho Supremo Uourt to-day, . about tho holy bishop who nBod to swonr us a toaiporal oleotor. Perhaps tho Telegraph is a Libornl paper that swears by a squalling uuvornmont. Howovor, Brisbano poople lmvo oyos, and ears, and as I am at prosant in Brisbano, I con assure you that your vory onlightonod oontomporary is in Bomowlmt tho samo box, Thoy are gouornlly oroditod with having pat thoir light undor a busliol during tho last olootion, but tho "Observer" having shown thorn that it is nooossary to keop lights alight, they havs lifted tho bnshol during tho past week and found it extinguished.— Observer. Mums from Bribdane. — Palmot's oongh says " what," M'll wraith's troublod oountouanee oxprosBos " shall we do," Porkin's frown bo- tokons with our," ond Maoropsan oamo into the Houso with an uncortain stop- that wound up tho sentence " Attornoy-Gouorol." My word I whou Bnznoott wns ousted from Rookhampton ho was put in tiio Upper Honso, wlion Thompson began to fall away ho wns roprosontod, but neithor of theso ooursos are open to our Pring. Evory resignation is a olianood failure, nnd who can toll that Pring will got in onywboro aftor snob a dooisivo vordict on tho polioy of the Govornmont as that delivered yesterday. Many seats ore reported to ho uvailablo, bnt where ia tho oertainty? Tho most sonsiblo (i) proposition yot made is that Pring should contest Zpswioh lu aouso to-day in tho gallery devoted to tho M forty thievGB> actually fluid that a requisition was in course of signature for him to do so, Ali Baba scornfully smiled, and tho oaroloss(uttorer of suoh treason wont up by tho 0.80 p.m. train, und iandod at Goodua, not unattended. Will Pring go to tlio Uppor ilouso ; will lio try anothor con stituency ; will ho koop offioo without a seat ; ,will another Attornoy-Goneral ho mode? Answor thoso quostions sir, and tho mind of tho Brisbano nublia will imvn imf luiia ia oonaidor. — Brisbano Correspondent Ipswich Observer, 