Sir Gibbie. By GEO. MACDONALD, LL.D. ITbe light of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors oi the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XXIV.— The Slate. From that very next day, then, after he was received into the cottage on Glashgar, Gibbie, as a matter of course, took upon him the work his hand could find to do, and Janet averred to her husband that never had any of her daughters been more useful to her. At the same time, however, she insisted that Robert should take the boy out with him. She would not have him do woman's work, especially work for which she was herself perfectly able. She had not come to her years, she said, to learn idleset ; and the boy would save Robert many a weary step among the hills. ' He canna speyk to the dog,' objected Robert, giving utterance to the first difficulty that suggested itself. ' The dog canna speyk himsel',' returned Janet, ' an' the won'er is he can un'erstan' : wha kens but he may come full nigher ane 'at's speechless like himsel' ! Ye gie the cratur the chance, an' I s' warran' he'll mak himsel' plain to the dog ye jest try 'im. Tell ye him to tell the dog sae an sae, an' see what'll come o' 't.' Robert made the experiment, and it proved satisfactory. As soon a6 he had received Robert's orders, Gibbie claimed Oscar's attention. The dog looked up in his face, noted every glance and gesture, and. partly from sympathetic instinct, that gift lying so near the very essence of life, parti y from observation of the state of affairs in respect of the sheep, divined with certainty what the duty required of him was, and was off like a shot. ' The twa dumb craturs un'erstan' ane anither better nor I un'erstan aither o' them,' said Robert to his wife when they came home. And now indeed it was a blessed time for Gibbie. It had been pleasant down in the valley, with the cattle and Donal, and foul weather sometimes ; but now it was the full glow of summer ; the sweet keen air of the mouutain bathed him as he ran, entered into him, filled him with life like the new wine of the kingdom of God, and the whole world rose in its glory around him. Surely it is not the outspread sea, however the sight of its storms and its labouring ships may enhance the sense of safety to the onlooker, but the outspread land of peace and plenty, with its nestling houses, its well stocked yards, its cattle feeding in the meadows, and its men and horses at labour in the fields, that gives the deepest delight to the heart of the poet. Gibbie was one of the meek, and inherited the earth. Throned on the mountain, he beheld the multiform ' goings on of life,' and in love pos sessed the whole. He was of the poet kind also, and now that he was a shepherd, saw everything with shepherd eyes . One moment, to his fancy, the 'great sun above played the shepherd to the world, the winds were th i dogs, and the men and women were the sheep. The next , in higher mood, he would remember the Good Shepherd of whom Janet had read to him, and pat the head of the collie that lay beside him. Oscar, too, was a shepherd, and no hireling ; he fed the sheep; he turned them from danger and barrenness; and he barked well. 'I'm the dumb dog!' said Gibbie to himself, nod knowing that he was really a copy in small of the good shepherd ; ' but maybe there may be mair nor ae gait o' barkin'.' Then what a joy it was to the heaven-born obedience of the child, to hearken to every word, watch ever look, divine every wish of the old man! Child Hercules could not have waited on mighty old Saturn as Gibbie waited on Robert. For he was to him the embodiment of all that was reverend and worthy, a very gulf of wisdom, a mountain of rectitude. Gibbie was one of those few elect natures to 'whom obedience is a delight — a creature so different from the vulgar that they have but one tentacle they can reach such with — that of contempt. ' I jist lo'e the bairn as the verra aipple o' my ee,' said Robert. ' I can scarce consaive a truss, but there's the cratur wi' a grip o' 't ! He seems to ken what's risin' i' my min', an' in a moment he's up like the dog to be ready, an' luiks at me waitin' .' Nor was it long before the town-bred child grew to love the heaven's almost as dearly as the earth. He would gaze and gaze at the clouds as they came and went, and watching them and the wind, weighmg the heat and the cold, and marking many indications, known some of them perhaps only to himself, understood the signs of the earthly, times at length nearly as well as an insect or a swallow, and far better than long-experienced old Robert. 'The 'mountain was Gibbie's very home ; yet to see him far up on it, in the red glow of the setting sun, with his dog, as obedient as himself, hanging upon his eveiy signal, one could have fancied him a shepherd boy come down from the plains of heaven to look after a lost lamb. Often, when the two old people were in bed and asleep, Gibbie would be out watching the moon rise — seated, still as ruined god of Egypt, on a stone of the mountain side, islanded in space, nothing alive and visible near him, perhaps not even a solitary night-wind blowing and ceasing like the breath of a man's life, and the awfully silent moon sliding up from the hollow of a very below. If there be indeed a one spirit, ever awake and aware, should it be hard to believe 'that that spirit should then hold common thought with a little spirit of its own. If the nightly mountain was the prayer-closet of him who said he would be with his disciples to the end of the world, can it be folly to think he would hold talk with such a child, alone under the heaven, in the presence of the father of both F Gibbie never thought about himself, therefore was there wide room for the entrance of the spirit. Does the questioning thought arise to any reader : How could a man be conscious of bliss without the thought of himself P I answer the doubt : 'When a man turns to look at himself, that moment the glow of the loftiest bliss begins to fade ; the pulsing fire-flies throb paler in the passionate night ; an unseen vapour steams up from the marsh and dims the star-crowded sky and the azure sea ; and the next moment the very bliss itself looks as if it had never been more than a phosphores cent gleam — the summer lightning of the brain. For then the man sees himself but in his own dim mirror, whereas ere he turned to look in that, he knew himself in the absolute clarity of God's present thought out-bodving him. The shoots of glad consciousness that come to the obedient man, surpass in bliss whole days and years of such ravine! rapture as he gains whose weariness is every spurring the sides of his intent towards the ever-retreating goal of his desires. I am a traiter even to myself, if I would live without my life. But I withhold my pen ; for vain were the fancy, by treatise, or sennon, or poem, or tale, to persuade a man to forget himself ; he cannot if he. would. Sooner will he forget the presence of a raging tooth. There is no for getting of ourselves but in the finding of our deeper, our true self — God's idea of us when he devised us — the Christ in us. Nothing but that self can displace the false, greedy, whining self, of which most of us are so fond and proud. And that 6elf no man can find tor himself : seeing of him self he does not even know what to search for. ' But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God.' Then there was the delight, fresh every week, of the gathering of the brothers and sisters, whom Gibbie could hardly have loved more had they been of his own imme diate kin. Dearest of all was* Donal, whose greeting ? 'Weel, cratur,' was heavenly in Gibbie's ears. Donal would Have had him go down and Epend a day, evety now and then, with him and the nowt, as in old times — so soon the times grow old to the young !— but Janet would not hear of it, until the foolish tele of the brownie should have quite blown over. ' Eh, but I wuss,' she added, as she said so, ' I cud win at something aboot his fowk, or aiven whaur he cam frae, or what tliey ca'd him ! Never ae word has the cratur spoken !' ' Ye sud learn him to read, mither,' said Donal. ' Hoo wad 1 du that, laddie F I wad hae to learn him to speyk first,' returned Janet. ' Lat him come doon to me, an' I'll try my han',' said Donal. Janet, notwithstanding, persisted in her refusal — for the present. By Eonal's word set thinking of the matter, . however, she now pondered the question day by day, how she might teach him to read ; and at last the idea aawned upon her to substitute writing for speech. She took the Shorter Catechism, which, in these days, had always an alphabet as janitor to the gates of its mysteries — who, with the catechism as a consequence even dimly forboded, would even have learned it F — and showed Gibbie the letters, naming each several times, and going over them repeatedly. Then she gave him Donal's school slate, with a skid -pike, and said, ' Noo, mak a muckle A, cratur.' Gibbie did so, and well too : she found that already he knew about half the letters. ' He 's no fule ! ' she said to herself in triumph. The other half soon followed ; and she then began to show him words — not in the catechism, but in the New Testament. Having told him what any word was, and led him to consider the letters composing it, 6he would desire him to make it on the slate, and he would do so with toler able accuracy : she was not very severe about the spelling, if only it was plain he knew the word. Ere long he began to devise short, ways of making the letters, and soon wrote with remarkable facility in a character modified from the printed letters. When at length Janet saw him take the hook by himself, and sit pondering over it, she had not a doubt he was understanding it, and her heart leapt for joy. He had to ask her a good many words at first, and often the meaning of one and another ; but he seldom asked a ques tion twice ; and as liis understanding was far ahead of his reading, he was able to test a conjectured meaning by the sense or nonsense if made of the passage. One day she turned him to the paraphrases.* At once, to his astonishment, he found there, all silent, yet still the same delight which Donal used to divide to him from the book of bailouts. His joy was unbounded. He jumped from his seat : he danced, and laughed, and finally stood upon one leg ; no other mode of expression but this, the expression of utter failure to express, was of avail to the relief of his feeling. One dav, a few weeks after Gibbie had begun to read by himself, Janet became aware that he was sitting on his stool, in what had come to be called the cratur'' s corner, more than usually absorbed in some attempt with slate and pencil — now ceasing, lost in thought, and now commencing anew. She went near and peepod ever his shoulder. At the top of the slate he had written the word give, then the word giving, and below them, gib, then gibing ; upon theso followed gib again, and ho was now plainly meditating something further. Suddenly he seemed to find what he wanted, for in haste, almost as if he feared it might escape him, he added a «/, making the word giby — then first lifted his head, and looked round, evidently seeking her. She laid her hand on his head. He jumped up with one of his most radiant smiles, and holding out tne slate to her, pointed with his pencil to a word he had just completed. She did not know it for a word, but sounded it as it seemed to stand, making the g soft, as I daresay some of my readers, not recognizing in Gibbie the diminutive of Gilbert, may have treated its more accurate form. He shook his head sharply, and laid the point of his pencil upon the g of the give written above. Janet had been his teacher too long not to see what he meant, and immediately pronounced the word as he would have it. Upou this he began a wild dance, hut sobering suddenly, sat down, and was instantly again absorbed in further attempt. It lasted so long that Janet resumed her previous household occupation. At length he rose, and with thoughtful, doubtful contemplation of what he had done, brought her the slate. There, under the fore-gone success, he had written the words galatians and breath , and under them galbreath. She read them all, and at last, which witnessing to his success, she pronounced to his satisfaction, he began another dance, which again he ended abruptly, to drew her attention once more to the slate. He pointed to giby first and the galbreath next, and she read them together. This time he did not dance, but seemed waiting some result. Upon Janet the idea was dawning that he meant himself, but she was thrown out by the cognomen's correspondence with that of the laird, which suggested that the hoy had been merely attempting the name of the great man of the district. With this in her mind, and doubtfully feeling her way, she essayed the tentative of setting him right in the Christian name, and said : Thomas — Thomas Galbraith. Gibbie shook his head as before and again resumed his, seat. Presently he brought her the slate, with all the rest rubbed out, and these words standing alone — sir giby galbreath. Janet read them aloud, whereupon Gibbie began stabbing his forehead with the point of his slate pencil and dancing once more in triumph: he had, he hoped, for the first time in his life, conveyed a fact through words. ' That's what they ca' ye, is't F' said Janet looking motherly at him : ' Sir Gibbie Galbraith ?' Gibbie nodded vehemently. ' It'll be some nickname the bairns hae gien him,' said Janet to herself, but continued to gaze at him, in question ing doubt of her own solution. She could not recall having ever heard of a Sir in the family : but ghosts of things forgotten kept rising formless and thin in the sky of her memory : had she never heard of a Sir Somebody Galbraith somewhere F And still she stared at the child, faying to grasp what she could not even see. By this time Gibbie was standing quite still, staring at her in return: he could not think what made her stare so at him. 'Wha ca'd ye that F' said Janet at length, pointing to the slate. Gibbie took the shite, dropped upon his seat, and after considerable cogitation and effort, brought her the words, gibyse fapher. Janet for a moment was puzzled, but when she thought of correcting the p with a t, Gibbie entirely approved. ' What was yer father, cratur ?' she asked. Gibbie, after a longer pause, and more evident labour than hitherto, brought her the enigmatical word, asootr, which, the Sir running about in her head, quite defeated Janet. Perceiving his failure, he jumped upon a chair, and reaching after one of Robert's Sunday shoes on the crap o' the wa?, the natural shelf running all round the cottage, formed by the top of the wall where the rafters rested, caught hold of it, tumbled with it upou his creepie, took it between his knees, and began a pantomime of the making or mending of the same with such versimilitude of imitation that it was clear to Janet he must have been familiar with the processes collectively called shoemaking ; and therewith she recognized the word on the slate— a tutor. She smiled to herself at the association of name and trade, and con cluded that the Sir at least was a nickname. And yet — and yet — whether from the presence of some rudiment of an old memory, or from something about the boy that belonged to a higher style than his present showing, her mind kept swaying in an uncertainty whose very object eluded her. ' What is't yer wull 'at we ca' ye, thau, cratur F' she asked, anxious to meet the child's own idea of himself. Hepointed to the giby. ' Weel, Gibbie,' responded Janet, — and at the word, now for the first time addressed by her to himself, he began dancing more wildly than ever, and ending with standing motionless on one leg ; now first and at last he was fully recognized for what he was ! — ' Weel, Gibbie, I s' ca' ye what ye think fit,' said Janet. 'An' noo gang yer wa's, Gibbie, an' see 'at Crummie's no ower far oot o' sicht.' From that hour Gibbie had his name from the whole family — his Christian name only, however, Robert and Janet having agreed it would be wise to avoid whatever might possibly bring the boy again under the notice of the laird. The latter half of his name, thev laid aside for him, as parents do a dangerous or over valuable gift to a child. Chapter XXV.— Rumours. Almost from the first moment of his being domiciled on Glashgar, what with the good food, the fine exercise, the exquisite air, and his great happiness, Gibbie began to grow : and he touk to growing so fast that his legs soon shot far out of his winsey garment. But, of all places, that was a small matter in Gormgarnet, where the kilt was as common as trousers. His wiry limbs grew larger without losing their fit muess or elasticity ; his chest, the effort in running up hill constantly alternated with the relief of running down, rapidly expanded, and his lungs grew hardy and powerful ; till he'becameatlength such in wind and muscle, that he.could run down a wayward sheep almost as well as Oscar. And his nerve grew also with his body and strength, till his cool ness and courage were splendid. Never, when the tide of * Metrical paraphrases of passages of Scripture, always to be found at the end of the bibles printed for Scotland. his affairs ran mast in fbefehallows, had Gibbie had much acquaintance' mth fears, but now he had forgotten the taste of them, and would have enoountered a wild highland bull alone on the mountain, as readily as tie Crammie up in her bvre. One afternoon, Donal, having got a half holiday, by the help of a friend and the favour of Mistress Jean, came home to see his mother, and having greeted her, set out to find Gibbie. He had gone a long way, looking and calling without success, and had come in sightof a certain tiny loch, or tarn, that filled a hollow of the mountain. It was called the Deid Pot; and the old awe, amounting nearly to terror, with which in his childoood he had regarded it, returned upon him, the moment he saw the dark gleam of it, nearly as strong as ever — an awe indiscribable, arising from mingled feelings of depth, and darkness, and lateral recesses, and unknown serpent-like fishes. The pot, though small in surface, was truly of unknown depth, and had elements of dread about it telling upon far less active imagi nations than Donal's. While he stood gazing at it, almost afraid to go nearer, a great splash that echoed from the steep rocks surrounding it, brought his heart into his mouth, and immediately followed a loud barking, in which he re cognised the voice of Oscar. Before he had well begun to think what it could mean, Gibbie appeared on the opposite side of the loch, high above its level, on the top of the rocks forming its basin. He began instantly a rapid descent towards the water, where the rocks were so steep, and the footing so precarious, that Oscar wisely remained at the top nor attempted to follow him. Presently the dog caught sight of Donal, where he stood on a lower level, whence the water was comparatively easy of access, and starting off at full speed, joined him, with much demon stration of welcome. But he received little notice from Donal, whose gaze was fixed, with much wonder and more fear, on the descending Gibbie. Some twenty feet from the surface of the loch, he reached a point whence clearly, in Donal's judgment, there was no possibility of farther descent. But Donal was never more mistaken ; for that instant Gibbie flashed from the face of the rock head foremost, like a fishing bird into the lake. Donal gave a cry, and ran to the edge of the water, accompanied by Oscar, who, all the time, had showed no anxiety, hut had stood wagging his tail, and uttering now and then a little half-disappointed whine ; neither now were his motions as he ran other than those of frolic and expectancy. When they reached the loch, there was Gibbie already but a few yards from the only possible landing-place, swimming with one hand, while in the other arm he held a baby lamb, its head lying quite still on his shoulder : it had been stunned by the fall, but might come round again. Then first Donal began to perceive that the cratur was growing an athlete. When _ he landed, _ he gave Donal a merry laugh of welcome, but without stopping flew up the hill to take the lamb to its mother. Fresh from the icy water, he ran so fast that it was all Donal could do to keep up with him. The Deid Pot, then, taught Gibbie what swimming it could, which was not much, and what diving it could, which was more ; but the nights of the following summer, when everybody on mountain and valley was asleep, and the moon shone, he would often go down to the Daur, and throwing himself into the deepest reaches, spend hours in lonely sport with water and wind and moon. He had by that time learned things knowing which a man can never be lonesome. The few goats on the mountain were for a time very inimical to him. So. often did they but him over, causing him sometimes severe bruises, that at last he resolved to try conclusions with them ; and when next a goat made a rush at him, he seized him by the horns and wrestled with him mightily. This exercise, one begun, he provoked engagements, until his strength and aptitude were such and so well known, that not a billy-goat on Glashgar would have to do with him. But when he saw that every one of them ran at his approach, Gibbie, who could not bear to be in discord with any creature, changed his behaviour towards them, and took equal pains to reconcile them to him — nor rested before he had entirely succeeded. Every time Donal came home, he would bring some book of verse with him, and, leading Gibbie to some hollow, shady or sheltered as the time required, would there read to him ballads, or songs, or verse more stately, as mood or provision might suggest. The music, the melody, and the cadence and the harmony, the tone and the rhythm and the time and the rime, instead of growing common to him, rejoiced Gibbie more and more every feast, and with ever growing reverence he looked up to Donal as a mighty master-magician. But if Donal could have looked down into Gibbie's bosom, he would have seen something there beyond his comprehension. For Gibbie was already in the kingdom of heaven, and Donal would have to suffer, before he would begin even to look about for the door by which a man may enter into I wonder how much Gibbie was indebted to his con strained silence during all these years. That he lost by it, no one will doubt ; that he gained also a few will admit : though I should find it hard to say what and how great, I cannot doubt it bore an important part in the fostering of 6uch thoughts and feelings and actions as were beyond the vision of Donal, poet as he was growing to be. While Donal read, rejoicing in the music both of sound and sense, Gibbie was doing something besides : he was listening with the same ears, and trying to see with the same eves which he brought to bear upon the things Janet taught him out of the book. Already those first weekly issues, lately com menced, of a popular literature had penetrated into the mountains of Gormgarnet ; but whether Donal read Blind Harry from a thumbed old modern edition, or some new tale or neat poem from the Edinburgh press, Gibbie was always placing what he heard by the side, as it were, of what he knew ; asking himself, in this case and that, what Jesus Christ would have done, or what he would require of a disciple. There must be one right way, he argued. Sometimes his innocence failed to see that no disciple of the Son of Man could, save by fearful 'failure, be in such circumstances as the tale or ballad represented. But whether successful or not in the individual inquiry, the boy's mind and heart and spirit, in this . silent, un embarrassed brooding, as energetic as it was peaceful, expanded upwards when it failed to widen, and the widen ing would come after. Gifted, from the first of his being, with such a rare drawing to his kind, he saw his utmost affection dwarfed by the words and deeds of Jesus— beheld more and more grand the requirements made of a who would love his fellows as Christ loved them. When he sank foiled from any endeavour to understand how a man was to behave in certain circumstances, these or those, he always took refuge in doing something— and doing it better than before ; leaped the more eagerly if Robert called him, spoke the more gently to Oscar, turned the sheep more careful not to scare them— as if by instinct he perceived that the only hope of understanding lies in doing. He would cleave to the shirt when the hand seemed withdrawn ; he would run to do the thing he had learned yesterday, when as yet he could find no answer to the question of to-day. Thus, as the weeks of solitude and love, and thought, and obedience glided by, the reality of Christ grew upon him, till he saw the very' rocks and heather, and the faces of the sheep like him, and felt his presence everywhere, and ever coming nearer. Nor did his imagination aid only a little in the growth of his being. He would dream waking dreams about Jesus, gloriously childlike. He he came down every now and then to see how things were going in the lower part of his kingdom; and that when he did so, he made use of Glashgar and its rocks for his stair coming down its granite scale in the morning, and again, I when he had ended his visit, going up in the evening by i the same steps. Then hisrh and fast would his heart beat at the thought that some day he might come upon his path ! just when he had passed, see the heather lifting its head ! from the trail of his garment, or more slowly out of the i prints left by his feet, as he walked up the stairs of heaven, ; going back to liis father. Sometimes, when a sheep : stopped feeding and looked up suddenly, he would fancy that Jesus had laid his hand on its head, and was now telling it that it must not mind being killed; for he had been killed, and it was all right. Although he could read the New Testament for himself now, he always preferred making acquaintance with any new portion of it first from the mouth of Janet. Her voice made the word more of a word to him. But the next time he read, it was sure to be what she had then read. She was his priestess ; the opening of her bible was the opening of a window in heaven ; her cottage was the porter's lodge to the temple ; his veiy sheep were feeding on the temple-stairs. Smile at such fancies if you will, but think also whether they may not be within sight of the greatest of facts. Of all teachings that which presents a for distant God is the nearest to absurdity. Either there is none, or he is nearer to cvciyone one of us than our nearest consciousness of self. An unapproachable divinity is the veriest of monsters, the most horrible of human imaginations. When the winter came, with its frost and snow, Gibbie saved Robert much suffering. At first Jtobertwasanvill iqgto let him go out alone in stormy weather : but Janet believed that the child doing the old man's worAwxnld be specially protected. All through the hard .time, therefore, Gibbie went and came, and no evil befell' Mm'. Neither did he suffer from the cold; for, a sheep having died towards the end of the first autumn,* Robert, in view of Gibbie's coming necessity, had begged of his master the skin, and dressed it with the wool upon it ; and of this, between the three of them, they madeacoat for him; so that he roamed the hill like a savage, in a garment of skin. It became, of course, before long, well known about the country that Mr. Duff's crofters upon Glashgar had taken in and were bringing up a foundling — some said an innocent, Bome said a wild boy— who helped Robert with his sheep, and Janet with her cow, but could notspeak a word of either Gaelic or English. By-and- by, strange stories came to be told of Ms exploits, representing Mm as gifted with bodily powers as much surpassing the common, as his mental faculties were assumed to be under the ordinary standard. The rumour concerning him swelled as well as spread, mainly from the love of the marvellous common in the region, I suppose, until, towards the end of Ms second year on Glashgar. the notion of Gibbie in the imaginations of the children of Daurside, was that of an almost supernatural being, who had dwelt upon, or rather who had haunted Glashgar from vime immemorial, and of whom they had been hearing all their lives ; and, although they had never heard anything bad of Mm — that he was wild, that he wore a hairy skin, that he could do more than any other boy dared attempt, that he was dumb, and that yet (for this also was said) sheep and dogs and cattle, and even the wild creatures of the mountain, could understand him perfectly — these statements were more thon enough, acting on tho suspicion and fear belonging to the savage in their own bosoms, to envelope the idea ofhim. in a mist of dread, deepening to such horror in the case of' the more timid and imaginative of them, that when the twilight began to gather about tho cottages and farm houses, the very mention of 'the beast- loon o'Glashgar ' was enough, and that for miles up and down the river, to send many of the children scouring like startled hares into the house. Gibbie, in his atmosphere of human grace and tenderness, little thought what clouds of foolish fancies, rising from the valleys below, had, by their distorting vapours, made of him an object of terror to those whom at the very first sight he would have loved and served. AmoDgst these, perhaps the most afraid of him were the children of the gamekeeper, for they lived on the very foot, of the haunted Mil, near the bridge and gate of Glashroach and the laird himself happened one day to he witness of their fear. He inquired tho cause, and yet again was his enlightened soul vexed by the persistency with which the shadows of superstition hung about his lands. Had he been half as philosophical as he fancied Mmself he might have seen that there was not necessarily a single film of superstition involved in the belief that a savage roamed a mountain — which was all that Mistress MacPholp, depriving the rumour of its richer colouring, ventured to impart as the cause of her children's perturbation ; but anything a hair's-breadth out of tho common, was a thing hated of Thomas Galbraith's soul, and whatever another believed wMch he did not choose to believe, he set down at once as superstition. He held therefore immediate communication with his gamekeeper on. the subject, who in Ms turn was scandalized that his children should have thus proved themselves unworthy of the privileges of their position, and given annoyance to tho liberal soul of their master, and took care that both they and Ms wife should suffer in consequence. The expression of the man's face as he listened to the laird's complaint, would not have been a pleasant sight to any lover of Gibbie ; hut it had not occurred either to master or man, that the offensive being, whose doubtful existence caused the scandal, was the same towards whom they had once been guilty of sueh brutality ; nor would their knowledge of the fact nave been favourable to Gibbie. The same afternoon, the laird questioned his tenant of the Mains concerning Ms cottars ; and was assured that better or more respectable people were not in all the region of Gormgarnet. When Robert became aware, chiefly through the repre sentations of his wife and Donal, of Gibbie's gifts of other lands than those revealed to Mmself by his good shepherd ing, he began to turn it oyer in his mmd, and by-and-by referred the question to Ms wife whether they ought not to send the boy to school, that he might learn the things ho ? was so much more than ordinarily capable of learning. Janet would give no immediate opinion. She must think, she said : and 6he took three days to turn the matter over in her mind. Her questioning cogitation was to this effect : ' What need has a man to know anything but what the New Testament teaches Mm F Life was little to mo before I hegan to understand its good news ; now it is more than good — it is grand. But then, man is to live by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God ; and every thing came out of his mouth, when he said, Let there bo this, and Let there be that. Whatever is true is Ms making, and the more we know of it the hotter. Besides, how much less of the New Testament would I understand now, if it were not for things I had gone through and learned before !' 'Ay, Robert,' she answered, without preface, the third day, ' I'm thinkin' there's a heap o' things, gien I hed them, 'at wad help me to ken what the Maister epak till. It wad be a sin no to lat the laddie learn. But wha'll tak the trible needfu' to the learnin' o' a puir dummie F' ' Lat him gang doon to the Mains, an' herd wi' Donal,' answered Robert. ' He kens a hantle mair nor you or mo or Gibbie aither; an' whan he's learnt a' 'at Donal can sbaw him, it'll be time to think what neist.' 'Weel,' answered Janet, 'nane can say but that's sense, Robert ; an' though I'm laith, for your sake mair nor my ain, to lat tho laddie gang, lat him gang to Donal. I houp, atween the twa, they winna lat the nowt amo' the corn.' ' The corn's' maist cuttitnoo,' replied Robert; ' an' for the maittcr o' that, twa guid consciences winna blaw ane anither oot. Butheneedna gang ilka day. He can gie ae day to the learnin', an' the neist to tliinlan' aboot it amo' the 6heep. An' ony day 'at ye want to keep him, ye can keep Mm ; for it winna be as gien he gaed to the schuil.' Gibbie was delighted with the proposal. ' Only,' said Robert, in final warning, ' dinna ye lat them tak ye, Gibbie, an' score yei*back again, my cratur ; an dinna vc answer naebody, whan they speir whatye're ca'd, onything mair nor jist Gibbie .' The boy laughed and nodded, and, as Janet said, the bairn's nick was as guid's the best man's word. Now came a happy time for the two boys, Donal began at. once to teach Gibbie Euclid and arithmetic. When they had had enough of that for a day, he read Scottish history to him ; and when they had done what seemed their duty by that, then came the best of the feast — whatever tales of poetry Donal had laid Ms hands upon. Somewhere about tMs time it was that he first got hold of a copy of the ' Paradise Lost.' He found that he could not make much of it. But he found also that, as before with the ballads, when he read from it aloud to Gibbie, Ms mere listening presence sent back a sniritual echo thathelped him to the meaning ; and when neither of them understood it, the grand organ roll of it, losing nothing in the Scotch voweling, delighted them both. Once thev were startled by seeing the gamekeeper enter the field, the moment he saw him, Gibbio laid Mmself flat on the ground, but ready to spring to his feet and run. The man, however, did not come near them. Austrian newspapers remark upon the extraordinary diminution wMcli has. taken place in the number of mar riages concluded in Vienna. The disinclination on the part of the men to marry has risen to such a pitch that in the district of Wcidon marriage portions provided by charitable foundation arc now actually going a-begging. There are plenty of female applicants to claim them, but they can find no mates. In 1877 there were fewer marriages contracted in Vienna by 3537 than in 1870, namely, only 5019. The proportion of marriages concluded in the year to 1000 of the population now stands at only 7*25 in Vienna, wheieas in Paris it is 9-07, in Munich 9-08, and in Berlin 10*93. The unsatisfactory result at! Vienna is believed to be attributable to the expensive way of living which has become customary there. — Queen. 