ITEMS OP NEWS. Dr. M'Grath has returned, looking much better after his trip, and was congratulated by many friends yesterday on his improved appear ance. Tenders are invited by the Minister of Public Works for new police quarters, etc., at Chewton; and by the Minister of Public Instruction for the erection of a State school at Big Hill, Sand hurst. The annual farmers' ball, that takes place at Newstead, under the management of Mr Treacy, is to come off on the last Thursday in this month. In view of the abundant crops in prospect, the farmers should enter into this celebration with great spirit and good humour. We understand that the hon. J B. Patterson and Professor Pearson will be invited' by the Borough Council to a banquet on an early day by way of an acknowledgment for the clock put up at tho post office. The Council expected to have been put to a good deal of expense over the matter, but there has been no drain on their funds on its account. Monday week is named as the evening for the proposed banquet, as both our representatives will attend on Tuesday at the opening of the Wesleyan bazaar. It will be heard with general regret that Cr H. O. Bowe forwarded his resignation to the Mayor yesterday. The reason which he assigns for this step is that Cr Yandell having been com pelled to resign his seat in the Borough Council, inconsequence of having supplied goods to the Council, and that having formerly had similar transactions himself with the Council, it would not be honorable for him to hold his seat longer. Mr Bowe was under no obligation to take this course, but Beeing he. has done so to satisfy his scruples, it is desired that he will be induced to offer himself again for election. A sale of Crown Lands ill fee-simple took place in the Court-house yesterday, under the direction of Mr Morres, and with Mr Adams officiating as auctioneer. The attendance was small ; several lots found no buyers, and those which were sold were disposed of at upset prioe. The lots for which there, were no offers were 1, 2, 7, 8, 9, and 10. In the parish of Castlemaine lot 3 of lop, was purchased by M. J. M'Carthy ; lot 4 of 13p, by Lee Ah Sue, at NewBtead ; lot 5 of 5a 3r 7p, was bought by Geo. M' Arthur, at L8 per acre ; a suburban lot in parish of Castle maine of 2a 2r, was sold to E. Mudge. At Muckleford lot II, of 79a 3r, was bought by J. Farran at LI an acre. Lot 12 at Emberton 20a, was sold to T. Manley at LI an acre. Lot 13 at Druramond of 7a Or 20p, was purchased by P. Kirwan for LI an acre. A Mackay (Queensland) telegram states that over 2000 tons of sugar have been received into store since the commencement of the Bea- Bon. The dividends for the week ending October 11 are : — Long Tunnel, Walhalla, £'2 per 2400th, L4800 ; Working Miners' Homebush, Is 6d, per GUOOth, L450 ; Seven Hill's Estate, Kingston, L4 per 2U0th, L8U0 ; Bacecourse, Haddon, Is 6d per 6000th, L450 ; Ohiltern Valley, Chiltern, Is per 20,000th L1000 ; Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, 2s per 33,517th, L3351 14s ; Vic toria Gold mining, Sandhurst, 6d per 20,274th, L506 17s ; Williams' Freehold, L5 per share. We, Age, have been furnished with some in formation with regard to Dr. Gilchrist, tho founder of the scholarship the council of our University have allowed to be forfeited, which will be of interest to our readers. It appears that Dr. Gilchrist was a medical officer in the East India Company's service, and that ho had never been in Australia. It seems, however, that as far back as 1800 he was induced to buy some land near Sydney, now known as Bal- main Estate, for which ho gave the sum of L17 10s ; and the gradual sale of this property in building lots, of which the last was disposed of only a year ago, has realised altogether over LOO, 000. Another illustration of the unearned increment. The Crown Lands bailiff at Blackwood a few dayB ago, during one of his rounds in the rail way reserve heard the sound of an axe, and con cluded that some man was attacking a tree in the Government forest. Tho bailiff cautiously crept through the scrub in the direction of tho sound for a quarter of a mile. Not finding his man where, by the best calculation of distance, he ought to have been, he quietly sat down for a fow minutes to determine more preoisely the exact spot where the supposed splitter was ille gally at work. Catching the sound again he followed it for over an hour, and ultimately ho reached within a few yards of tho " chopping," the sound of which _ came from behind a large blackwood tree. His faithful dog rushed to the spot and barked up tho tree, starting a splendid specimen of tho Australian lyre bird. The imi tation of the chopping sound had been so perfect ai to thoroughly deceive the bailiff. Some magnificent specimens from the New Chum Consolidated Company, writes the Bon- digo Advertiser, were shown in the window of tho National Bank on Monday. There were about 20 large solid blocks of quartz, averaging about a foot square, ,with tho precious metal run ning in veins and streaks all through them, and the stones heavily charged with bright and sparkling galena. The quartz is Borne of the richest of its kind which has ever been Been in the district, and at a moderate computation it would yield from 12 to 15 ozs. to the ton. It was obtained from the stopes north of the winze, between the 585 and 660 feet levels, where there is a block of stone, equally rich in character, 4 feet high, and 2 feet 6 inohes thick, through which very heavy shoots of gold run. . How far it will extend northward qannot be said at pre sent, but if it continues the company should have some splendid yields from this portion of the reef alone. On Sunday morning a man named Jamerf' Cullen was killed at the sawmills at Williams- town, South Australia. He was caught by the flywheel and thrown a distance of 25ft. Mr Mason, according to tho Drouin Inde pendent, will have to cope with a powerful oppponelit at tho approaching general election, Sir James M'Culloch having consented to stand. Evans, the man who shot Constable Monks at Avoca, is reported here by telegram as having boon seen at Greytown, near Nagambie, on Mon day, and is supposed to be making his way to wards Benalla. Wimmera Mussen, the son of the shire secre tary, of Horsham, committed suicide onMon- day, about 12 o'clock. He hanged . himself in tho stable with the buggy reins. No reason can bo found for the rash act. A man named Jamoa M'Nally drowned him self in tho lagoon at Yarrawonga on Saturday, while suffering from delirium tremens. The man is well known in Benalla. The police drag ged for four hours before recovering the body. A singular discovery (tho Briagoleng corre spondent of the Gipps Laud Mercury reports) was made in Gladstone last week by Mr Jorgon- son. In sinking in a paddock he came, at a depth of 14 feet, upon the skeleton of a kanga roo, head, leg, Ac, all complete. ! G. B. Molle, the well-known stock and station agent at Brisbane, left town for Tingapala on a spirited horse on Monday morning, and was found dead two hours later a short distance from the town. It is supposed that he was thrown from his horse. A gun barrel, which he was carrying at the time, had penetrated his body; causing death. The following are the entries received on Monday for the Grand National Show to be held at Clunes next week : — Horse stock, 215 ; cattle 130 ; sheep, 125 ; swine, 48 ; poultry 196 ; dairy produce, 208 ; flowers, plants, and garden pro duce, 80 ; dogs, 120 ; machinery, 145 ; imple ments, 132 ; buggies and harness, 66 ; fancy work, 99 ; drawings, 25. Total number of en-; tries, 1586. The Sydney Echo writes : — French, Aus trian, and English petty officers dined to gether last evening on board the Bhin ! Per-; haps the grandfathers of these fine fellows met each other sword to sword at Austerlitz, Jena,' or Waterloo, and, if the spiritualistic theory be well founded, the ghosts of the old boys might; have looked down with a grim smile last night upon their descendants wielding in a furious rivalry the homely knife and fork. We bet on. tho Britons as trenchermen. : At tho meeting of the ICyneton shire council on Saturday, it was reported that the woman O'Hara, who was recently fined L25 for sly-grog-; selling at the Carlsruhe railwary works, had; managed to evade the law in a very simple! manner. . At the time the case was heard, a stay, of execution for a fortnight was applied for, and the prosecuting officer not objecting, the appli cation was granted. The opportunity was seized! by the woman to pack up her traps — she was liv-1 ing in a tent — and make her way into New South; Wales, where she cannot be reached. The. news received from the Green-hills dig-, ginga oh Saturday evening is very satisfactory,; states the Pleasant Creek News. It is calculated; from the depth and distances apart at which gold has been found that those at present obtaining! prospects have a good 12 months' work before them. The result of the several washings-up which were made on Saturday will, it is consi dered, realise gold to the valuo of L500 or L600. In one claim alone the two partners anticipate dividing between them L150 for a fortnight's work, and in other claims good results have been obtained. The Ballarat Star states that a Smythesdale amateur fisherman, whose weakness is Murray cod, wended his way to Lake Burrumbeet on Saturday, and having duly baited his line, suc ceeded beyond his expectations in hooking not the desired fish, but a monster pelican that swauowea liiu uhi i anu gave mm an enaiess spore in drawing it ashore, when it made a brave fight for liberty. It measured 10 feet fromthe tip of each wing, and tho bill with the pouch mea sured 20 inches in length. As a matter of course it was full of fish of' various descriptions, and has beon stuffed and preserved by a local taxider mist. The alleged encroachment by Mr George Lan- sell at his Collmann and Tacchi's claim, on the ground of Mr J. G. Williams, has assumed a serious form, and a heavy lawsuit is now threatened. The alleged encroachment is on freehold land, and in view of the decision of the Privy Council, that tho gold under the surface belongs to the Crown, it was necessary in order that the suit might be properly carried on that the Attorney-General, as the representative of the Crown, should be mado a party to the suit. On behalf of Mr Williams, appli cation was made to Sir Bryan O'Loghlen to act in this way, and the Advertiser's Melbourne cor respondent, writing yesterday, says :— " I learn tliat the hon. the Attorney-General has, in an swer to the usual application, consented to be come a party to the suit iu the mining encroach ment ease of the Collmann and Tacchi Company against Mr G. Lansell." The charge against John Collins for breaking into the house of Mrs Jones, at midnight on the 29th ult, with intent to commit a rape upon her, was heard at the Mortlake, police court on Monday. A second count was intent to com mit a felony. Mr Higgins from Warrnambool, defended the prisoner. The evidence of Mrs Jones showed that Collins went to the house on horseback and demanded admission, saying be would get in by her bedroom window. She threatened to brain him with tho axe if he did. He then went to the door and burst that in. The evidence showed that Collins was under the in fluence of liquor, and had beenguiltyofsome very improper advances to tho woman, but the . seri ous charge preferred against him was not sus tained. He was then charged under the va grancy clause to the Police Offences Statute with being found by night without lawful excuse in and upon the premises of Mra Jones. On this count he was found guilty, and sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment in Portland Gaol. At the Avoea Police Court on the 6th inst, be fore Mr C. W. Oarr, P.M., a wood agent named James Stone, was charged with trying to extort money from Benjamin Francis WiBeman, the stationmaster at Bung Bong station. Accord ing to tho Avoea Free Press, Wiseman stated that he had occasion frequently to compiain of the height Stone loaded his wood trucks! On August 30 Stone saw him on the platform, and asked for a private interview, when lie said, " The last reply you got from the department was either to prosecute me or leave the service. You will put me to a great deal of expense and trouble ; you have done me all the injury you can ; but if you compensate mo for loss of time and. expenses I will let you remain where you are. If not, I will write again to the depart ment, and have it brought up before the House and printed in the Daily Telegraph."' Wiseman replied, " What of that ?" and subsequently consulted his solicitor. Mr Carr held that there was a prima facie case, and committed the de fendant for trial at the next Court of General Sessions, bail being allowed, defendant in L50, and two sureties in L20 each. " What may happen to a ci vil servant in Vic toria," remarks the Gippsland Times, " has been realised by Mr Honry Bindon, till recently one of the engine-drivers on the Gippsland line, who has been summarily dismissed the sorvice, for alleged incivility to the looomotive superinten dent. We understand that Mr Bindon, who has been in the department for 10 years, recently received notice of his_ tranf orotice to Melbourno. As he had settled in Sale, and a capricious change of this sort means ruinous expense to a family man, he waited on Mr Mirls to" remon strate against such treatment, and was suspended by that official for his presumption. We are, of course, not in a positon to know what then tran- Bplred, but it1 is proitablo a few hot words wore interchanged. On Saturday morning Mr Bin don received intimation of Ills dismissal by the Commissioner, without being afforded on oppor tunity of answering the exparte complaint on which he has boon sent adrift. It is probable moro will bo hoard of this gross piece of tyranny , which is of a piece with tho sacking of poor Birch tho Ararat ganger, for giving vent to a cheor on tho wrong side of politics." 