[?] RUBENSTEIN'S PIANO PLAYING. JUD BRO WIN'S DESCRIPTION THEREOF. " Jud they say yon heard Rubenstein play when yon were in New York. Well, tell us about it." "What, me P I might's well tell you about the creation of the world." " Come, now ; no mock modesty. Go ahead." " Well, sir, he had the blamedest, biggest, cattycorneredest pianner you ever laid eyes on. Somethin' like a dis tracted billiard table on three legs. The lid was h'isted, and mighty well it was. If it hadn't been, he'd a- torn the in tire inside clean out, and scattered 'em to the four winds of heaven." " Played well, did hep" " You bet he did ; but don't interrnp' me. When he first set down he 'peared to keer mighty little 'bout play, and wisht he hadn't come. He tweedle-leedle'd a little on the treble, and twoodle-oodle le- oodle'd some on the bass ; just foolin' and boxin' the thing's jaws for bein in his way. And I says to a man sittin' next to me, 8' I, what Bort of a fool playin' is that ? And he says ' Hee'sh I' But presently his hands commenced chasin' one 'nother up and down the keys, like a passel of rats soamperin' through a garret very swift. Parts of it was sweet, though, and reminded one of a sugar squirrel turning the wheel of a candy cage. " ' Now,' I Bays to my neighbour, ' he's showin' off. He thinks he's a doin' of it, but he ain't got no idee, no plan of nothin. If he'd play me up a tune of some kind or other, I'd — ' " But my neighbour says ' Hee'sh !' very impertinent.' "I was just about to git up and go home, bein' tired of that foolishness, when I heard a little bird waking up away off in the woods, and calling sleepy-like to his mate, and I looked up and I see Ruben was be- ginnin' to take some interest in his busi ness, and I set down again. It was the peep o' day. The light come faint from the east. The breeze blowed gentle and fresh ; some more birds waked up in the orchard, then some more in the trees near the house, and all begun singin' together. People begun to stir, and the gal opened the shutters. Just then the first beam of the sun fell upon the blossoms, a little more and it techt the roses on the bushes, and the next thing it was broad day ; the sun fairly blazed, the birds sang like they'd split their little throats ; all the leaves was movin' and flashin' diamons of dew, and the whole wide world was bright and happy as a king. Seemed to me like there was a breakfast in every house in the land, and not a sick child or a woman anywhere. It was a fine mornin'. And I says to my neighbour, ' that's music, that is.' " But he glar'd at me like he'd like to cut my throat.' " Presently the wind turned ; it begun to thicken up, and a kind of grey mist come over things ; I got low- spirited d'rectly. Then a silver rain began to fall. I could see the drops touch the ground; some flashed up like long pearl earrings, and the rest rolled away like round rubies. It was pretty, but melancholy. Then the pearls gathered themselves into long strands and necklaces, and then they melted into thin silver streams running between golden gravels, and then the streams joined each other at the bottom, and mad) a brook that flowed silent except that yon could kinder see the music, 'specially when the music went along down the valley. I could smell the flowers in the meadow. But the sun didn't shine, nor the birds sing; it was a foggy day, but not cold. The most curious thing was the little white angel boy, like yon see in pictures, that ran ahead of tbe music brook, and led it on, away out of the world, where no man ever was — I never was, certain ; I could see that just as plain as I see you. Then the moonlight came, without any sunset, and shone on the grave yards, where some few ghosts lifted their hands and went over tho wall, and between the black sharp-top trees splendid marble houses rose up, with fine ladies in the lit-up windows, and men that loved 'em, but could never get anigh 'em, and played on guitars under the trees, and made me that miserable I could a-cried, because I wanted to love somebody, I don't know who, better than the men with the guitars did. Then the sun went down, It got dark. The wind moaned and wept like a lost child for its dead mo -her, and I could a-got up then and there a:: i preached a better sermon than any I ever listened to. There wasn't a thing in the wovld left to live for, not a blame thing, and yet I didn't want the music to stop one bit. It was happier to be miserable than to be happy without being miserable. I couldn't understand it. I hung my head and pulled out my hand kerchief and blowed my nose loud to keep from cryin'. My eyes is weak anyway. I didn't want anybody to be a-gazin' at me a-snivilin', and it's nobody's business what I do with my nose. It's mine. But some several glared at me, mad as Tucker. Then, all of a-sudden, old Reuben changed his tune. He ripped and he rar'd, he tipped and ta'rd, he pranced and he charged like the grand entry at a circus. Peered to me that all the gas in the house was turned on at once, things got so bright, and I hilt up my head, ready to look any man in the face, and not af eared of nothin'. It was a circus and a brass band, and a big ball, all goin' on at the same time. He lit into them keys like a thousand of brick ; he giv 'em no rest day or night ; he set every liven joint in me agoin', and not bein' able to stand it no longer, I jumpt, sprang onto my seat, and just hollered, ' Go it, my Rube ! " Every blamed man, woman and child in the house stared at me, and shouted, 'Put him out! put him out!' 'Put your great-grand-mother's grizzly, grey, green ish cat into the middle of next month ! ' I says, ' Tetch me if you dare ! I paid my money, and you just come a-nigh me.' " With that some Eeveral p'noemen run np, and I had to simmer down. Bat I would a fit any fool that laid hands on me, for I was bound to hear Ruby ont or die. He had changed his tune agin. He hopt, like ladies, and tip-toed fine from eend to eend of tbe key board. He played soft and low and solemn. I heard the ohuroh bells over the hills. The candles in heaven was lit one by one ; I saw the stars rise ; the greater organ of eternity began to play from the world's end to the world's end, and all the angels went to prayers. Then the music changed to water, fall of feelin' that couldn't be thought, and began to drop, drip, drop, drip, drop, clear and sweet like tears of joy fallin' into a lake of glory. It was sweeter than that, it was as sweet as a sweetheart sweetenin' sweetness with white angar, mixt with powdered silver and seed diamonds. It was too sweet. I tell yon the andienoe cheered. Ruben he kinder bowed, like he wanted to say, Much obleeged, but I'd rather yon wouldn't interrupt me.' He stopped a minute or two to fetch breath. Then he got mad ; he run hiB fingers through his hair, he shoved up his sleeves, he opened his coat-tails a leetle farther, he drag up his stool, he leaned oyer, and, sir, he jost went for that old pianner. He slapped her faoe, he boxed her jaws, he pulled her nose, he pinched her ears and scratched her cheeks till she fairly yelled. H6 knocked her down and stamped on her shamefnl. She bellowod like a bull, she bleated like a calf, she howled like a hound, Bhe squealed like a pig, she shrieked like a rat, and then he wouldn't let her up. He ran a quarter stretoh down the low groandi of tha bail, till h« got otara into the bowels of the earth, and yon heard tbnnder gallopin' after thunder through the hollows and caves of perdition ; and then he fox- ohased bis right hand with his left, till he got way out of the treble into the clouds, whar the notes were finer than the points of oambrio needles, and yon couldn't heat nothin' but the shadders of 'em. And then he wouldn't let the old pianner go. Ha for'ard-twod, he cros't over first gentleman, eras' t over first lady ; he balanced to pards ; he obassade right — left, back to places ; ha all hands'd aronn' ; ladies to the right ; promenade all, in and ont, here and there, back and forth, np and down, perpetual motion double and twisted and tied dowD, and turned and tacked and tangled into forty, 'leven thousand mixtery. And then he wonld'nt let the old pianner go. He fetcht up his right wing ; be fetcht up his left wing ; he fetcht up his centres ; he fetoht up his re serves. He fired by files, he fired by plat- oons, by company, by regiments and by brigades. He opened his cannon, siege guns down thar — Napoleons here, twelve- pounders yonder, big gana. little middle-sized guns, round shot, shells, grapnels, grape, canister, mortars, mines and masazines, every livin' battery and bomb agoin' at the same time. The bouse trembled, the light danced, the walls shuk, the floor come op, the ceilin' come down, the sky split, the ground rockt, heavens and earth, crea tion, sweet potatoes, Mosee, mnepenoes, clor'y tenpenny nails, my Mary Ann hallelujah, Samson in a 'simmons tree Jeroosal'm, Tramp Thompson in a tumble- cart roodle-oodle-oodle-oodle-oodle- rudale- uddle- uddle - uddle - radd le - addle-addle-ad dle-addle- riddl - iddle - iddle - reetle-eetle- eetle-eetle-eetle-eetle-p-r-r-r-r-lang I p-r-r- r-r-lang ! per lang ! per lang ! p-r-r-r-r-r-r-r- lang! bang! , With that bang! he lifted himself bodily into the air, and he come down with hi3 knees, his ten fingers, his ten toes, his elbows, and his nose, striking every single solitary peg on that pianner at tbe same time. The thiDg busted and went off into seventeen hundred and fifty-seven, five hundred and forty-two hemi-demi- sem- quavers, and I know no mo. When il come two I were under ground about twenty foot, in a place they call Oyster Bay, treating a Yankee that I never lnid eyes on before, and never expect to agin.4 Day was a-breakin' by the time I got to the St. Nich'las Hotel, and I pledge you my word I didn't know my name. The man asked me the number of my room. I told him. ' Hot mwic on ike half-shell, for two I pointedly did.— Detroit Free Press. There lives in Kentucky, a clever gentleman and an excellent lawyer as well, Judge D . This gentleman vras intimate with an old gentleman, Governor R , living in an adjacent county. Governor was and is (for I believe he is still living) what we are in the habit of calling ail old-time Virginia gentleman of stately dignity. "Well, the judge was on a visit at the old governor's house, and it happened that the governor took him out riding in his buggy, and that in passing along the turn- nike they approaohed a toll-gate, when the judge, taking out his purse as if to pay the - toll, the governor said, in his stately way, " I've been a long time trying to make you a gentleman, to little purpose, I see. Yon must know, sir, that when a gentleman takes a gentleman out riding, he does not expect him . to pay his passage ." Tbe judge put up his pocket-book and said nothing. After a while they came to a gate on the governor a ,, place, when the governor stopped the buggy for the young 'judge to get out and open the gate ; but the judge sat still, and was silent. After a while, still waiting tho governor said, ',Ahem! ahem!" waiting for the judge to move, and then again, " Ahem .'Jahem !" After a good long pause, the judge said, " Governor R , you must" know, sir, that when a gentleman takes a gentleman out to ride, he doesn't expect him to work his passage and there the judge had him sure— don't yon think so. — Harper's. TTttru are two matters of a theological nature, one from Texas, the other from. Ireland, which illustrate phases of belief aa to the ultimate destination of the parties to the dialogues. The first is of two old Texas rangers who had just helped bury a neigh bour, and were talking about religion, and one asked the other how pious he thought it was possible for a man to get in this world, if he were in real earnest. _ " Wa'al," said the other, reflectively, "I think ef a man gets so 't he can swop s-eer3' or trade hosses without lyin' , 'at he'd better pull out for the better land afore he has a relapse." The nezt is of an Irish labourer who was lying in a ditch, very much the worse for liquor. He was encountered by the priest' of bis parish. Very much shocked, his reverence turned the drunkard over, who mattered, "-'7 "Where amir" % ' " On the road to hell," replied the priest, sternly. " I thought so," said Pat, " when I heard' Father Murtagh's voice on the road too." A 