REVIEW. TS-E TTTDOB DYNASTY. Bx S. Hubert Burke. Vol. 1. London, John Hodges, 1879. FIKST NOTICE. On no branch of literature has the spirit of the ago probably made itself more apparent than on our histories. The pompous, cumbersomo his tories of the last century — the Gibbons, Humes, and Eobertsons — may be read by scholars and antiquarians; but to the general public they are as little known as Thucydides or Livy. Anewtaste has been created ; the public have been taught to want something more than cloudy philosophy or n. rlrv ohvnmolc. of facts — the successive reiens. ? the battles fought, the treaties signed, the laws passed, and the regulation ' character,' in which the virtues and vices are so admirably poised, that it is hard to tell whether the subject ought to be canonized on the spot, or to have had; his;head chopped off on Tower Hill. However stately may be' the periods and just the observa tions, the public want something more. They do not want conjured up from the past the hard lifeless outlines of ghosts, but they want to be introduced toreal men and women— beings of the same flesh and blood as themselves, in whom and in whose fates they can bo .made to feel a keen and absorbing interest. Never did we feel this taste more gratified than in reading the book at the head of this notice. When wo -have finished it, it is impossible to shake off the visions which it has called up. We feel as though the characters had been our friends or our foes, our masters or. our servants — as if we had seen the execution or watched the gorgeous pageant— as if the actors were our contemporaries, and not peraonages who. had gone to their account three centuries ago. They all pass before us — Ann Bolleyn playing with Tom Wyatt under the hazel trees of Hever Castle, Henry with Ins bloated carcass and his debauched look, Wolsey with Ins scarlet stockings and his splendid retinue, Katharine pouring out her soul before the Blessed Sacrament — they are all made to pass before us, talking, intriguing, praying, plotting, drinking, gambling, at the Council Board, in the hall, in the chapel, or on the scaffold — all real living beings before us. In noticing a book which presents such a charming characteristic, it is impossible to pre vent the more strictly historical portion from falling into the background of our recollection. The interest of the Tudor period centres in the characters and motives of the chief actors, rather than in rebellions which threatened the stability of the Throne, or in statutes which are the A.B.C. of the lawyer, or even in that awful apostacy which heralded a long era of material prosperity and spiritual deadness. This historical skeleton is familiar to every reader ; but what is not so fami liar, is exactly that which our author supplies- — the flesh and blood, which clothes the skeleton, and makes us realise the fact that lie was once a man like unto ourselves. It is in the characters of the period, drawn in every case from original sources, that the interest centres. What could be mpro touching or natural than the picture of Arthur, the elder brother of Henry VIII. Hi8 father had concluded for him a contract of mar riage. Katharine of Airagon was to bring a dower of 500,000 crowns, which was to be supplemented by the interest of an equal anjount secured on the prince's revenues. The Diplomatists and lawyers had settled it all, and the bride was brought to the child for betrothal. The first words of greeting that the shy sickly boy uttered were, 'I love you and your golden hair.' lie then asked whether ' singing birds and cats and dogs are the same in Spain as in England.' He kissed her, and as Catharine was a woman, ' he strove to bo upon her knee.' ' He had no ambition to be a king ; perhaps the position of a country squire was the highest he desired. To gossip on the roads or the iields with the English farmer or the peasant was his delight. Like the good Saxon .Alfred he wished to know something of the peasant's social condi tion, ' whether he had a fowl in his pot for the holiday dinner or a cake and milk for his morn ing meal.' So Arthur died and made room for one who subsequently proved to be the- incarna tion of wickedness and a national scourge. For a long time the memory of Arthur was treauurod by the people of Shropshire.' The picture of his brother-in-law, James IV. of Scotland, is one which cannot fail to strike readers who have hitherto drawn their historical pabulum from the muddy cisterns of Protestant writers. Bigotry, cruelty, ? double dealing, treachery, ignorance, every bad quality except that of cowardice, has been heaped on the Stuart who was slain on Flodden Field. But how dif ferent is the description given by Don Pedro do Ayala, who was for years Spanish Ambassador at' his court. ' The King of Scotland is of micldlo hoighfc; his features are handsome, he never cuts his hair or his beard and it becomes him well. Ho expressed himself graoofully in Latin, French, GrOTman, Flemish, Italian and Spanish. His pronunciation of Spanish was clearer than' that of other foreign ers. In addition to his own, and the above named languages, he speaks that of the ' «avages ' (Highlanders) who live on the distant mountains and islands. The books which King James reads most are the Bible and and books of devotion and prayer. Ho also studies the old Latin and French chronicles. . . . He never ate meat on a Wednesday, Friday, or Saturday. Ho would not for any consideration mount horseback on Sun rl n-wr t-\/-\i- Attnn f-*'* M~\ I /-\ 7\ ii i\ n n T?rtP/'»l»('\ f.1-ni1 Cfl t-YA Tl IT \\.li.l, V) XXKJU UVUU VKJ LL\J UU i.UU3D. OJl/lUi ^ uiuiiji;wvu*ii^ any business he heard two Masses. In the smallest matters, and evon when indulging in a joke, he always spoke the truth. ... . . 'The Scotch were often considered in Spain, to be haritlsomerer than the English. The women of qualitie were free in their manners, very beauti ful; and courteous to strangers. .... i The Scotch ladies reign absolute mistresses in their houses, arid tlie men in all domestic ; matters yield a chivalrous; obedience to them. The people live well, having plenty, of beef, mutton, and fowl, and abundance of fish. The humbler' classes, the women especially, are all of a very.ro* ligious turn of mind. Altogether I found the Scotch to be a very 'agreeable, and, I must add, an amiable people.'-' Such was Scotland towards the, close of the fifteenth century. If it was, as modern writers^ are so fond of asserting, a period of barbarism, immorality, and superstition, wo at any rate do not learn that her cities were as remarkable for their bastard children nnd drunkenness, as they are; for their Sabbatarianism, nor do we hear of widows and orphans being left in destitution, by -any swindle analogous to tho Glasgow bank failure. What a blessing the ' Bef ormation ' must have been, to have turned a 'very re' ligious ' and an ' agreeable ' arid an; ' amiable people' of the fifteenth' century into the Scotch of to-day. ...:'. :-...[ As we approach the more immediate actors in that sad but grand drama, of real life, which is* popularly mis-named the Reformation, we find it. impossible to accord even a passing notice of; their characters. It is with regret that we must pass over the sketches of such men as More and Fisher — the episcopal knee that was not bowed to Baal — Sir Thomas Wyatt, Archbishop Warhani, the Charter-house Monks, Lord Cromwell, Bishop, Gardiner, the old Abbot of Glastonbury, his martyred brother of Woburn and a host of others. They are all admirably drawn. The reality which Mr. Burke has managed to in fuse into them has not been evolved 'from his moral consciousness, nor by the vivid imagi nation of the rorriancist. For every incident, action, feature of person or place we are given original and authentic authority. Access to the State Papet Office and the Camden Society pub lications has rendered second-hand authorities, which have constituted the stock-in-trade of moat Protestant writers, utterly superfluous. 'It is solely from the State paperslarid from original ' chronicles that, the picture has been drawn. The effect of this , is as. any Catholic \ would haye ex pected. Characters which we have been taught to regard as .incarnations of wickedness come out, in a very different light., That of Henry VIII. is«an exception1— every fresh piece of evidence,, as it comes to light, only blackens the dark outlines / of his deeds. But far different is the light thrown upon that mistress of his for whose sake the gutters of England ran with Catholic blood. And very far different is the view we are forced to take of Cardinal Wolsey. With him our author has taken infinite pains. His faults — his ambition, his eye service, his worldliness, are in no way extenuated. Yet in many of the darkest passages of his life, it is certain that lie had not forgotten his brethren nor his Father's home. Tho wars of the Hoses, and the breaking down of many of the brutal traditions of the land-owning class, prepared the English nobility to lead the van in the cause of a higher civilization. This civiliza tion the courtly splendour of the great Cardinal inaugurated. His regal and classic taste elevated tho social tone of the upper classes, and taught his peers to distinguish between the profusion of barbaric splendour and the chaste beauty of works of art. Tho great hall and paintings of Hampton Court told men that art consisted of detail as well as design ; the foundations o f Christ Church and Trinity told men that there was beauty in thought as well as in form. Had such a man only served his God as well as he served his king, our common history would not have presented a nobler figure. Yet his end shows beyond all doubt that, however tempted he may have been, and however weak ho may havo been in resisting his temptations, lie could not have been altogether a bad Catholic or a bad man — ? ' The Cardinal's health had been declining for some time ; he was labouring under dropsy, a weakness of tho limbs and a general prostration, but tho vigour of his mind was still unimpaired. He was not, however, in a condition to travel Avith expedition in the cold, damp days of Novem ber. UpAvards of threo thousand persons as sembled at CaAVOod to see him a prisoner, not, as in London, to exult, but to pity and bless him for all tho good offices he rendered them. His spirits wore quite fallon, yeb ho seomod soothed by. the good nature of the people, men, women, and children. They cried with a loud voice, says Cavendish, ' God save your Grace ! tho foul evil take them that hath taken you from us ! and we pray heaven that a very vengeance may light upon them all.' Tims they ran crying after him through tho town of Cawood, they loved him so aycII. So Avrites an eye-witness. When Wolsey reached Sheffield Park he manifested a change for the w«rse. On tho following morning, at an early hour, Cavendish found him s 'ated on a chest with his beads in his hands. Tho news of King ston's arrival. from London made him tremble ; ho had a forboding of the message on Avhieh the ?, Constable of the Tower came. He was excited, , cried, and sobbed, then in a mournful accent exclaimed : 'Well, as God willeth, so bo it. I am ready to accept such ordinances as God hath provided for me.' Shortly after a distressing scene occurred ;on the entrance of Kingston and the , Earl of Northumberland — once known us Lord Percy- — the 'personal enemy of tho fallen Churchman. So minutes elapsed before either party spoke : however, all the courage and dignity ofthe 'Cardinal returned, and as far aa Kingston was concerned, no jailer could perform his un welcome office with more delicacy, and his con duct presented a striking contrast to that of Lord Northumberland. ' Maister Kingston,' paid Wolsey, 'my disease is such that I cannot live ; I have a flux with a continued fever; and if yo see no alteration ' in mo soon, there is no remedy but death.' The Court party becamo im patient at tho time consumed in conveying the object of their hatred to London, and ns soon as J o was able' to get on horseback the Cardinal was compelled to proceed. Along tho road the yeo men and 'peasantry came forth to meet him, expressing in .their own quaint style an honest sympathy. The harsh cold days did not prevent their wives and daughters from appearing on tho highways to wave their hands and give looks of sorrow. To all the Cardinal said, 'May God preserve ye in His holy religion, my good people.' He' did not proceed far until his strength begun .. rapidly to decline. Arriving at tho Abbey of Leicester he was met at ? the gate by tho Abbot and the Brotherhood, when ho exclaimed: 'Father Abbot,;- I. am come to lay my bones among you.' He was immediately carried to bed, from which ho never rose again. ' On Sunday he seemed to bo fast sinking, but rallied for a time. His beads avci-o con stantly in his hands ; he prayed Avitli great fer vour, making tho sign of tho cross many times0 It was discovered by an attendant that ho Avore a hair shirt which he wished to conceal. He de scribed: ;himsolf as a most lowly creature, as a wretched sinner ; that his A-anit.y and pride wero now justly punished. He spoke frequently of his firm belief and adherence to tho Catholic Church, nnd Avarned his attendants against the ? new heresy. 'The last days AA'cre no v,- approaching. Sunday and Monday passed in suffering and resignation. On. the latter day the Cardinal told his attendants that he would live till eight of Die clock on tho following morning, Avhieh proved to be prophetic. At six on Tuesday morning (November 29, 1530), ho made a declaration of his religious belief in the presence of the Lord Abbot and twelve of the monks. Then with becoming solemnity, he received the last ritos of the Church; In one hour later his memorablo address to Sir William Kingston avhs delivered with unusual emotion. At its conclusion he re tmained silent for some time. Hid voieo now ' faltered, but his eyes still retained their intelli- ' gent brightness .; John Loiigland, a Carthusian confessor, stood, beside tho death couch, Avhilst Mass proceeded at the great altar in the church ; arid as, the boll, of the abbey tolled for the raising of the Hdst^ the Cardinal of York closed his eyea upon all the fleeting honours and transitory splendours of State asAA'cll as upon the deceit and ' .wickedness, of human ambition.' Strange as it may seem, there was a good deal of siriiilarity betAA'een the ends of the great Car. dinal and of Ann Bolleyn! But here avo are forestalling. Her character, Avliieh is the central character of tho book, must be reserved for our nextnotice. St. Kilda House. — We have received from the Collego of the Society of Jesus, St. Kilda House, Woolloomooloo, the roport of the mid winter examinations, Avhicli sIioavs that good pro gress has been made by the students in tho various branches of study. It is stated that at the close of the Christinas examinations prizes of valuable books 'will be awarded for excellence in the various subjects. Tho Jesuit Fathers grate fully acknowledge tho folloAving special prizes : — 1\. His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan has established an annual prizo of ten guineas for the University Class ; 2. John Bridge, Esq., will give a prize of two guineas for excellence in commercial subjects. The rector also -will give ' an annual prize of five guineas for Natural Phi losophy and Mathematics. Tho schools reopen Monday, August 18th. Oat Sunday Aveok tho pastoral letter on educa tion of tho Archbishop and Bishops having jurisdiction in New South Wales was read in all the Eoman Catholic churches and chapels throughout tho colony. It, in offect, directs that Catholic parents shall not, under pain of ecclesi astical censure, send their children to non Catholic schools, and exhorts Catholics generally to bring legitimate pressure to bear on the Government with a A'iew of having a system of payment; by results substituted for tho present Public School system. We understand, hoAvever, that hi localities Avhere the Catholic school is not up to the standard of tho Public school, parents Avill, under certain conditions, be alloAved to send their children to the last mentioned schools. ' On Sunday last the Very Eev. P. Dunne, who read tho pastoral in Gundiigai, strongly appealod to tho Catholic members of the local boards of the Public schools in tho district to resign at onoe.— Cfundagai Times, 