$®4t\tt. NAPOLEONIC SUPERSTITIONS. Br Mokookb P. Cohwat. ' ' la tbe will of 'Napoleon III.- otaart the following remarkable patsaga :— ' With re gard to my ton, hat him keep at a taliaman tlie teal I naad to wear attached to my w»toh, and whbh wanes from my mother; let bim carelnlly pruerve *Tsrytbiag that cornea to me from tbe Emperor, my nnole ; and let him be coavlneed tbat my teart acd my sonl remain with him.' The telegram uum \fmys *wnu nuivu tuiuuuuuni s-uu iiuu* ing ot tbe late ex-P/iocs Imperial oootaint these words : ' Ibe PriDoe'a body was foand stripped ot all olothing, but had not sufl.red any mutilation, and t^ie reliquary whlob be wore suspended by a chain from bis Desk, together witb bis walsh and riDgs, was found lying near Ibe spot where be fell.' Tbe ' talisman' wbioh tbe late Emperor ao solemnly enfoined fail son to wear, whioh ho did wear, and which returns to bis mother from tbat wild sosne bsilde tbe Tombalctlt, is almost certainly the oooe f amons ttaarm of OharUmagne. Ithaaamorotntereatlngsiory than any gem in Europe, if not in tb| world. Itr tb* ooune ol atudiei for ^thsirpVrposet I bave tesantly eeme upon legendary Mabet of tbU curious object. j ' La pins belle reliqae da TEurope,' as a French antiquarian detcribed it in the last generation, was by one myth said to have been contrived by one of tbe Magi belonging to the ooo rt of Baronn-al-Basohid, who Bam* rr,m the Bast to psy homage to the great Emperor of tbe West, along with CHtaiu ambassadors. Ths wife ' ot Charlem'agsei FiiBtrada, asked the Magi for .« talisman whioh would always cause her husband to be lasoinated by its wearer, and this charm was framed at her instance. Bat another fable atorlbed to it the following origin. While Charlemagne had his seat at Zum Jjwb, near Zurich, administering extol justice io all, he had a oolumn filed at bis gates with a bsil and a rope. .It wai open to anyone de manding justioe to eonnd this bell ; and when tbe Emperor beard it, even , tbotigb at bis meala, be would instantly tnswet tbe summons. On one oooas'ion tbli bell tmb repeatedly rung without any person being found near it. At length an enormons serpent was fonnd twined around tbe rope. The Emperor, hearing this, immediately went forth ; the serpent inclined respeollully before bim, and 'inen moved alowly off; Oharlemagne followed it to the river, where be saw a monstrous toad .sitting npon tbe nest and eggs ol the serpent, Besolvei to adminiater justice to all oreatures, Ihe. Emperor ordered the toad to be burned- A few days after, this serpent crept into the judgment-hall,' bowed low to the Emperor,1 crept upon tbe table, and having dropped a precious (tone into a golden goblet, glided quietly away. The Emperor, impresied by this marvel, built on tbe tpot where tbe terprot't sntt had been a 'obntoh , called ? ? Wasserkeloh.' He K»ve the precious stone to his beloved spouse, Faslrada. The (lone ao drew toward her tbe Emperor's fove that he oould bardly softer her ont of his tight, In the hour of ber death, tbe Bmprets, dreaSing lest another should suooeed her in the aff e'6- tlons of the Emperor, placed the gem beneath her tongue,' and it was buried with her.' Oharlemange oould not separate hlmselt from tbe body, and for eighteen years carried it, about with him. At length his oonlessor, by some black art, discovered the atone and its virtues ; after whioh Oharlemange allowed the body to be interred, and transferred hit affection to tbe confessor, who became bis Prime Minister, Arohblahop of Mainz, and Ohanoellur ot the Empire. Bat then, either in a moment of repentanoe or anger, this individual threw the atone into a lake near ingetulim. Tbtn the tdeetlon ot Obarie mange was diverted from bis former favourite to the lake, and he built betide it 6 palaoe, for whose decoration his other imperial xeaidenoea were made bare. But when Oharlemange oame to die, his throes were long and violent; and the arohbishop, knowing tbe cause, bad the lake dragged lor the gem lie had thrown into it. Tbe talisman having been restored to the person ol tbe monarch, he.died peacefully (1814). Tbe tomb of Charlemagne, at Aixla Ohapelle, was opened by Otto III. in 997, ana it is said tuat tho wonderful gem was found suspended from bis neok. However tbat may be, the gem had been for a long time tbe most valued rtlic in Aix-la- Chapelle when it was, presented by that . city to Napoleon I. It was at * moment witen be seemed to many, pre-eminently to himself, an avatar at Ouwlemagoe, Napoleon pre sented it to hie favourite Hortenae, ci-devant Queen ol Holland. At her deatb, in 1817, it patted to her ton, Napoleon III. It shared bis Imprisonment at Ham, and accompanied him through all hit' vioUsllades. . In the oourse. of its long history the preolons stone hit undergone evolutions. Tie nat-like stone constituting Us basis is surrounded by .antique filigree of .fine gold, and ia tet with various gems. There are several relioi about it, . In the centre it a porli6u ot tbe Hoiy Ocpas. Possibly it gained ita sanctity after losing its virtues as a love oharm. Some ol the variants ot Us legend look a« il ita virtues bad. gone .into the thermal waters 'ol . Aix-la-Qbapelle, whioh would account for tbe association of the ser pent with it— or.oid the guardian of welts. A.t any rate, Horlenie had aa experienoe ol ivt iUiaotlve poster! , vilely , dlHejenl . bom thai ot Fattrada. The Uaginn amulet oonld not ob- operate with tbe .true croaa, and Hortenee was divorced from herhusbandin 1810\. It appeals to have had equally little of tbe power originally ascribed to it in the case of tho late Emperor. . For while it was worn by him, and he was writing to *ol etaniy aoout it in his will (dated 2tth April, 1805), he wrote Aadly in another olause of the same instrument that ' oontempor»rie» eeldom render (one) justice,' and ' it is neoetsary to opnsider tbat from Heaven en high those whom you have loved regard and proteot you ; it is the soul of my illus trious nnole that hat always inspired and sustained me.' Whether tbe late Emperor wonld have ex pressed, himself so strongly about the talis wan il his will had been written after Sedan, is qoMttonsble. jt is opsn *o^ipe-inlatlon how far the young ei-Prlooe was influenced by this talisman. That whioh ? his father wore at his watch ohain the ton wore suspended ppon his breast, as Catholics wear the mOBt««credjsliguarios in whose, protec tive virtues thoy, believe. The strange mystical addresses to the Deity found among this' youth's papers reveal a, degree of superstition about himself whioh amounts to a psychological phenomenon. Atthe6o»tof war in Africa to displayed aieoklessneas whioh has led tome to believe that 'his deelre to do 'Mmething,to iget ; himself , talked about'* ' (words reported from him ,by .hit intimate friend If. Amignea), amounted ,to. insahilqr, while others. believe that lie sought death. But it it .jposaibls, that, » natural rashnest of aisposiUon, and, the tradition that a Napoleon .must begin with «, .military . halo, were turned, to fatal forces by teoret faith, tn we potency of this taliamait. . ,; . Thewi'is, I think, no Reason to suppose that ihe, Bonaparte .family are iy catnre more «up«rB,tiwnt than others. It wonld rather appear Jhat Imperialism itself if a great BapertttUon, ul that, *U who beoome heb?i|p.i\' ^Rl.V'111'*^81 brought. *ntj»« weW fesalrn of poaaoirs, whiah^beowne. potent ttrouihbdlef in their riaUtyTon the day When ^ Wegraphhrpnghtnsws pi wts prtoent 'at'»; iertormtnos :«t Viotar &Qgflra;*MfAnut|{ hf Hit Qom6i[t a?jwjioa|i'si.' Iiondota. TheJoytll?pxwaiflUe^,ana'J»boae in ;it'%Aol 'iw^bppoiWnlftf ld^MXa)iig,«ii6 prlmiUvt ?8enrt ''?^^IK.W *he^»adlW4^SVtt^»ri.fti^nSe; '' i« -.'?'?' :-'-'i-;f'-- ??'' ?«i^:iS-r?-;N1T ??- ?-'- helpless Ua0»Baii1flg hir tiSlier lom, iJbeittnelsKtthtiipsreiiMitifej iheSm ptrorit nobli, Jalatftne lovtrt to dignities, and nnitea tbtm. In therontantic iniagination even of Tietot Hugo, fifty years ago, then was a jJlvinlty hvagtag about an Empnor. Woan ihs |fan« thoaet of the distsnl t»l| havs loBounosid that Abe eleoUon*at fallen on Don Oarlot, and he snidsnU «ppeaw at tha door ol tb* maueolenm, whtre be hid secreted himself to overhear his conspirators, these men, brave and wronged, are para lysed 4B-±is j-tw«io«,-4hetr iighuiflo- Jmt; thalr weajwit are lowered. Behind the Empnor it pot only Charlemagne, bnt a long -procession -of mtjtftis 'gUMd wHo'lS' their day vindicated iba man ia whom was nobility againai the man who was in the nobility. Toe medlssul straggle between' the hereditary chief and the chief Dti fratia is bow rtpresentea bythB rivalry between feijlfimaoy and a government ' by the will of Qod abd tbe Freneb people ;'' and as in tbefar past Pretenders looked tor signs from heaven where Legitimists looked to pedigrees, even now we find anoient superstitions boveriog around Imperial, long after they bave lelt merely royal bouses. Hot long' ?go the little Prince Waldemar died at Berlin. Next day it wai telegraphed over . Bnrope tbat a toldier on night-watob had tsen ' tbe White Iitdr.' When tha Prinoa if Wales wai luppaMI to be dying at Band ringham, he had a fao more dhtlogoUbed banshte than a dog, whose howling one night sounded over England deri day. Nor can f letro that thert bat bant any apparition ol the Wbiti Lady announcing a death until tbe King of Prussia became the Emperor ol Oermany. Tba White Dove whioh tbe Bona partlst reporter ol tbe Oautoti saw ae»oendln| upon St. Aogastlne Cborob, in P*rit, on to* oooaslon of the Bequiem lor' tbe Prlno* Imperial, might at first bo supposed a inert competitor witb tbe While Lady. ' So long as a supernatural metaenger ia maintained in tbe imperil! Ursrron the right bank of the Rhine, it oan hardly be expected tbat tucb a dignity will be dispensed witb on tbe left bank, especially since . it it very aheap. But really these apparitions; have no connection except' io tbe primitive mental and moral habitat of 'imperialism; wherever that ancient atm ispbere receives a ' shock, these ' old mythic bats are startled, and flit obout, and then subside till— tho unit time. Bat they report just what is over present in the imperialist mind, detaching it from tbe every day light \t oommon-eonse and republican pnnoiple. Tue White Lady ii ? lurivil from the Norse goddess Frigga, the wife ol Odinj When Odin, or Woden, was diabolized into a Wild Huntsman, Fiigga was declared by the Christian missionaries to be a she devil. Bat this degradation ineoecded bat .slowly. Frlgga had been a aweet Madonna to the Germans, and when the eeased to be worshipped the beoame the Good Fairy. Sbe was aven belleted in some regions to have beoome a proselytt of the Christian faith, and to attend the baptism ol her favourites. From being the protector ol all German bonseholds.ahe beoame thegotrdian ot tbe imperial family, whioh represented all families. Tail popular snparatition ? waa fostered In high plaoes, elnoe it invested the throne with an association of antiquity, and also of original oonneotion with tha peasantry. Tbe tradition had ita utility onoe, tad la now a survival. The While Dove oomea from tbe ancient Christian-heavens, and in imperial symbol tarn ' has always been supposed to bring the divine sanolion wbioh it brought - at the baptism of Christ— ' Tilt it ? My bsloved Son 1' It is Baid that to acquire this sanetity Mahommed trained a while pigeon to perch on hit ehonlder. A wbjte dove la taid to have brought the erisMmt the baptiem of Cloris, founder of JhJ&F;/Moh aossraby, and a white dove wai Mrvsd on the toeptre ol /Charlemagne, as tonuder ol the German Eibpire. ffbtta OoVM wire tald *o ban come to bear tbe toul-W Louis of Thuringia to heaven— a legenjl nmimbsred in tbe departure of Lohengrin in a boat drawn by while doves. The tytfttol was adopted by Ibe conatitution of tbe Order of the Holy Ghost in tbe fourteenth century. At the consecration of monarebs in Franea it baa always been the custom to let loose white pigeons in tbe churoh. In England this onstom is faintly remembered ia tbat of bearing tbe dove sceptn before* monarch at consecration. Io F/aqet, where tbsss tradi tions poiBess the greatest intensity, then it still a feeling among Imperialists that the Holy Quoet most proeounoe io favour of each emperor who claims to rule, above hereditary .kings. - Whenever there is sn inward appeal ol this kind for a sign from heaven, tbe answer to it is pretty snrs to be received — either by tbe artifice of politiotant, or through the potent vision of faith, whioh generally tees what it bit a mind to: 