Diseabm'S Eaew llEGiaaa.-It aeema a little odd that Diuraoli, now no famous and ^occupying a position GO osaltccl, should have. >written this paoaago in his oarlior' days;' " Mind is a fine thing, I won't deny it j and mine was once afj full of prido and hope aft ' an infant empire. But whoro uro now ray deedaand aspirations, and where tho famo I dreamed of when a boy? I'find tho world just slipping through my fingera, and cannot clasp tho jewel as it. falls. I quit an earth where none will ovor imsa mo,' aavo 'those, whose blood require;; no lauroly to make them love ray memory. 'My life Iina been a blun der ana a blank, and all ends by my adding one more slight ghost to tho shadowy realm of fatal precocity." THEY have a Methuselah iu Baltimoro, one William Scott, familiarly known as s< TJuole Billy," a coloured man, who is cluimcd to have lived 149 yoara. A citizen has made affidavit that ho has known "Uncle Billy" for fifty years; that William thou bore tho came ap pearance as now; that tho deponent's fathor, who had been nursed by William, gave tho date of the latter' a birth 1720. "Unols Billy" might pass for a man of seventy. Ho has had six "head" of children-that is, six different families of children, exactly how many he doesn't remember. Ho was a body servant to Lord Howo during the Itovolution, went to England with him, and was servant to an English officer at tho battle of Water* loo. Effects of Food UPON '.mib Bowss. , Experiments made by Lahraarm upon young animals showed that food containing an insufficient amount of phosphates not only affects the formation of tho skeleton, but i has an essential influence upon its separate _ parts. A young pig was fed 120 day3 upon 'potatoos alone, and it had, aa ro3ult o£ this insufficient food, rachitis (rickets, or softening of tho bone). Other pigs, from the same litter, fed upon jjotatoeSi leached out meat, meal, and additional phosphates, for the same length of timo, had a normal skeleton. Yot evon iu thcco animala thore 1 was a difference, according fco tho kind of phosphate added. Two that v/ero fod on ; phosphate of potash had porous bones, 1 specifically lightor than the others, whioh . were fed upon phosphate and carbonate of | lime, Scientific American. 