Mb Berry's mission to London, not withstanding all the croaking of the Opposition has turned out anything but a failure. The sum of £5,000 voted by parliament to defray the expenses of the embassy has been a good investment, the amount having been saved many times over by the action of the Chief Secretary in the floating of the loan. The exhibition, to which bo much opposition was shown by those moving in the circle opposed to the government has received great aseistance through the embassy and there is every reason to believe that it will turn out a.great success giving permanent benefit to Victoria and the Australian colonies generally. The affairs of the colony are already much better understood in Europe that they were, heretofore, and there is almost a certainty that the opening of the ex. hibition will bethe forerunner of alarge amouutof prosperity. Visitors from the adjacent colonies aud -from Europe will learn something more ilian they had hitherto known of our wealth and resources, our manufactures and our requirements, and additions are likely to be made to the population and wealth of the colony that would not otherwise have reached us. The latest news received from .England points to some further services rendered by 3Ir Berry in the postal department. The of yesterday says " It will be seen from the intelligence to hand by the Government telegram that the Imperial Government has reduced its claim upon letters from 4d to 2d. t'ome time ago the Imperial authorities annjnnced their determination to retain 4d eaCl 1 " £ . ld - u P on J tbe letters sent from Umt f/ P ^ f to Victoria, which wol' 14 effect of reducing the Imperial cJ bution to our steam postal service by about £10,000. The alteration now agreed to as the result of Mr Berry's negotations will make a difference of about £5000 a-year in favour of this colony alone, and perhaps as great, if not a greater, difference in favour of the other colonies, as Mr Berry has been negotiating generally on behalf of all the Australians colonies. The most strenuous efforts had to be made before the Imperial authorities could be induced to accede to this arrangement, so favorable to the colonies; therefore great credit is due to Mr Beiry for his successful exertions in the matter. Telegrams have been despatched to go vernments of all the neighboring colonies, informing them of the result of the negotiations, as the other colonial Governments have exhibited considerable anxiety in connection with the subject; they will no, doubt be weil satisfied that the proceedings have resulted 60 successfully. A substantial annual saving to Victoria will accrue "under this arrangement. The postal contract will be for eight years aud as the amount saved is £5000 a year, this will give. a total of £40,000 secured to the exchequer of the colony through Mr Berry's exertions, to say nothing of the amount saved by the neighboring colonies." Thus far then^the embassy has benefitted Victoria beside bringing her prominently under the notice of the commercial world, and if .no other results are attained we have much cause to be satis- fied. The latest telegrams, however, assure us - that Sir Michael Hicks- Beach has given his decision in reference ,1879 to" | the constitutional difficulty in Victoria, and that although a bill will not at present be introduced into the British Parliament giving power to amend the Constitution Act, it will be done should the Council hold out as it has heretofore against passing a measure into law for that purpose, or cotatinue recalcitrant. Hie proposes " that Mr Berry should take issue with the Legislative Council on the last Amended Reform BUI; and that if after a general election it should be found that the majority of the people support the measure and the Council continue stubborn, then a. • bill will be submitted to the British Parliament by, the Secretary of State for the amendment of the constitution." This far then thnembasBy has proved a success and few were sanguine of more being obtained at present by the movement. We have asserted many times that an appeal would have to be made to the constituencies before the Constitution Act would be .amended, and if Mr Berty acts wisely He Will not delay "tratmg the conntiy longer than what is necessary to educate the ;people to the issue to be placed before them. Jt must however be remembered tiat d , the Coiintil thegovernment ofered to submt ould, agree to abide the issue, but the , Councllflatly refused to ;do so. The | next elections however will have to be vigorously fought out and no stone should be left unturned to obtain Ihestyiattera - leaseBwillsooa expire, and tho nest Parliament will have to deal with them, andthisin itself will ensure ahard struggle At the polling booths, but the result need not be dreaded if the liberals only remain' united. The police have succeeded in capturing the man Slattery, who was "wanted" for forgery, of a. cheque for £12, and uttering the same atMr Bawson's. The man showed himself to be an old hand in criinet although young in years, and the cleverness with which he endeavoured to. elude tto vigilance of the police by doubling and such like manoeuvres, was e worthy of a lwtter cause. On Saturday last, Sergeant Manson received information that-the'man had booked at Lancefield Road Station for Melbourne, and telegraphed particulars to the head office. On the arrival of the train he was met by &b; officer and arrested.. He will be brought before the Kyneton Police Court to-day. A. highly satisfactory committee meeting in connection with the Kyneton Amateur Athletic Club was held last night at the Town Hall Hotel. A programme was prepared, consisting of eighteen events, which will appear in our next issue. If carried oat in its entirety it will afiord a pleasurable days sport. The various subscription lists are looking very healthy, and the committee have determined to still further increased the prizes offered should the funds permit. Attention is directed to the general meeting of niembere to beheldon Thursday evening next. We have been shown a very large pelipan which we are informed, iB the largest shot in this district The bird was shot at ten o'clock on last Friday night by Mr James Dier, sou of Mr Lawrence Dier, of the Junction Hotel, Glenlyon, and by him sent to Dr S. Smith of this town, for his museum. It measures from the tip of one wing to the tip of the other, «ight feet four inches; from the point of the beak to the end of the tail, six. feet four inches, and the length of the beak is eighteen inches. The bird is now in th hands of Mr A Coles, undergoing the operation of staffing. Yesterday afternoon we were visited by a very welcome and heavy fall of rain, which shows everyprospest of continuing. It is scarcely necessary for us to remind our readers of the appearance of the talented Wheeler family in the Mechanics' Institute to-morrow and Thursday nights. The troupe is no doubt tn well-known to our readers to need any re commendation. The United Kingdom Co. tributers, Taradale, have been driving to the westward of the west leg of the reef at the CO feet level during the last fortnight, iu hopes of again striking the former rich c wash and they succeeded on Friday last but have not yet tried it. Ellis's Freehold Go. have got their whim erected, but it will not be used till they have got deeper than their present level 40 feet. They are still in the rock without water. The Little Wonder Co. have commenced their newshaft, they want water badly. Tlie Slaughter-yard Co. are down 152ft. Son«e Chinese north of Brown's claim Taradale picked up a nugget valued at £20. Amongst other measures in preparation foe the ensuing session, the new Local Government Bill is engaging the attention, night and day, of the heads of the. Public Works Department. The measure is far -advanced, but it is a delicate' one to handle. We mention the fact, because now or never is the time for suggestive deputations. A short time ago a theatrical agent, —«ned W. S. Medcalfe, levanted from n" Leaving the company's creditors Sandhill* _ łiead) the proprietor of sued Mr D Arcv - - ghost enter. the concern (the celebr— ded the taiament), and although he dei«. action and produced - an agreement between himself and Medcalfe in which it was stipulated that the latter was to pay all expenses, a verdict was given against him. In Friday's Age, Medcalfe, tho agent wrote that the matter between himself and Mr Read "simply resolves itself into a breach of contract," and so on. In Saturdays' Age Mr Head replies as follows, dating from Sandhuist:—"I see there is a letter in which lie states that it' simply r&solves; itself into a breach of contract.' It may be very simple in hig estimation, but not in mine, as his conduct has cost me "upwards of £80, which I have been compelled to pay through his. misrepresentations to those who gave him credit here, that he was merely actiug as my agent, and not on his own account, the proprietors of the papers stating in court that if they thought it was for Medcalfe they would not have given him credit for a shilling advertisement. I had no idea of any account being unpaid, as he has mislead me altogether. Medcalfe states that ' It will come before the court shortly.' When I catch him it will, and in a manner that he. will not relish.*' Medcalfe has also written a lengthy letter to the BaVarat. Courier, in which he attacks Bead pretty warmly, but does not explain why hs himself left Sandhurst so hurriedly. Ton will receive (writes the Melbourne correspondent of the Bendigo Independent) per your cable correspondents, the issue of our Embassy. Tom will thereby peroeive that all that Liberal politicians have ever claimed, has been attained. In the general rejoicing which this event will cause, let me say that there is a singular ambiguity in the telegram received, oń the point where it ahonld be most precise, and that we" must wait for the text, before a8snming the reply of the Imperial Government. It: is stated that a bill, to attain all we have striven for, will be submitted to the Imperial Parliament, if, after a general election, based upon the original Assemby Reform Bill, it shall be found that" a majority of the people support the measure." Does this mean a majorityof TOturned representatives, or a majority of Humeral units of rote ? I suggest this point, simply that the Liberal party may not be led into extremes by excitement They have won more than many hoped for, far more than the false friends who had not the courage to support the reform movement to its true end desired. In the present attitude of the country there is no doabt as to the lie-"' sultof any appeal, il count Mr" Berry's illness as but a slight drawback, for, after such an achievement, he must live for better things. Fortune favors her favorites ! The Supreme Court judges sat in their Divorce and MatrimonialOauseB Jurisdiction on "Saturday. There were two cases on the list, and they were postponed to the next sittings. In the first, Batch v- Batch, & petition by the husband. for dis-, solution, the petitioner appeared in person. Mr'Fiiltertoii appeared for the respondent, and objectod to the ease proceeding; on the ground that the petitioner had not paid £90 into court; as directbd by a judge in cbamben.' In-the second case, Blomfield V. Blomfield; a petition by the wife for dissolution, tbs jiptitioper was i the not prfptradtojj;' Express - says, \- - \- a .. l larS e ° f porsous^ttended at^tha rear of Tidy's Hotel, on Wednesday afternoon last the occasion of the-gathering being the footrace for £5 a-side between Gregory (Rochester) and Martin (Echuca). No -pedestrian £vent lias caused such excitement amongst the townspeople, and several business places were closed as the.' hour for the race approached. 7 • Martin, accompanied by his trainer aud friends, arrived from Echuca by the forenoontrain, and arrangemeats were soon entered into for bringing off the event. The distance was measured off along the .road from the railway station to the cricket ground, and at half-past four the two men were stripped and ready for a run. There were three distances, 100,125, and 150 yards, and a toss for choice of first distance was made, which Martin won, and chose 100 yards as the first event. Gregory got the best of the start by a yard or so, and continued to keep and his lead to the finish. From the first it was apparent that Gregory, for this distance at all events, was better than his opponent, the long swinging stride of the former, being much more effective in getting over distance than the shorter though faster ones of Martini After the first fifty yards Gregory did not require to push himself in the slightest and won very easily by about three yardB. Continued » cheering by the Rochester man's friends greeted the result, an interval of thirty minutes between the heats having been agreed upon, it was taken advantage of to run off several other matches. The second heat between Gregory and Martin was then run off, the distance being 150 yards. A good start was obtained, but Gregory got a short lead immediately. At about twenty- five yards Martin spurted, but though he got up to, he failed to pass his opponent, and for about thirty yards the two men ran abreast. Now, however, Martin was cooked, and Gregory had the race in his own hands, and could have beaten his opponent at any time, and eventually landed at the tape four yards ahead, thus winning the two events, and rendering the running of the other distance unnecessary. The winner was enthusiastically congratulated on his victory. A correspondent of the AUmry Banner relates an instance in which an avowed sympathiser with the Kelly gang received prompt and effectual punishment. A few days since four or five rowdy ruffians virtually "took possession of an hotel at Darlington-point, terrifying many of the frequenters • of the place, and robbing several. One young man of greater pluck than the rest resented their conduct, and after an encounter of three-quarters of an hour so soundly thrashed one of the noisiest admirersof the outlaws that he effectually silenced the boasting of his companions, who soon afterwards disappeared in the direction of Hay. The Hon. the Postmaster-General (Mr J. B. Patterson) has recently been engaged iu preparing a new set of regulations which are intended to improve the of the employes in that department. These regulations will relieve the i Minister administering the department M from the importunities that are met with d from members of Parliament desirous of s providing for some of their proteges at the expense of others who have served in the department for years, and who may fully expect that their services in the department entitle them to advancement rather than that political service shall place their juniors over their heads. These new regulations will not come into "operation until the <saauneticemeat of the new financial year (July 1), but as far as can be gleaned at present, it may be said that every employe in the department will have to enter as a lad in thb lowest grade as a telegraph messenger. His salary will be comparatively small at first—abont 12s per week—but he will receive an annual increment for a certain number of years until reaching a maximum weekly amount, when if lie shows any aptitude for telegraph work, he will be removed into the ranks of " operatora." Should this work, however, not be in his way, he will have another chance by being moved into the " class, still with an annual in P u \ '-W salary, until he reaches a creasing wee^.„ - «.s„h o£ courae may certain maximum (»«.— ~*-in. not here be stated, as the Govern*,. Council has not yet agreed to the new regulations). Following that come another series of officials, which are to be called "jsenior sorters," who have a periodical increase of salary until they reach the maximum of £200 per annum, but it is understood by the new regulations that a man cau only become a " senior sorter" if there are no complainsts against him while in the junior Tanks of-the sorters. There are many other changes of a departmental character. The recent assault case which occurred in the garden attached to the Jika Reformatory came before, the Coburg Polic» Court on Saturday. Two of the boys, itemed Francis Monaghan and Richard Buckley, it will be remembered, set upon another with garden forks, whom they knocked down and brutally assaulted, sticking the forks into him when he was down. On the application of the police the prisoners weie remanded till next court day. Sir Bryan O'LigUlen received on Saturday a telegram from Mr Berry, under date Laadoii, Thursday evening, the 24th instant. Mr. Berry had had an interview with the Lords of the Treasury, who had consented to reduce the Imperial share of the postage from 4d to 2d. The Orient line are unprepared with definite offer for postal services. . Mr Berry proposes to accept the tender of the Peninsular andOriental Company, and to .sign the oontract for the fortnightly servioe. The interview with the Eari of Beaconsfield it as satisfactory. Mr Berry and Professor Pearson on Thursday, the 24tb, saw Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, who will, before the commissioners leave, embody writing the views of the Imperial Government on the solution of the reform question. These views are generally coincided in by the Marquis of Harrington, the leader of her Majesty's Opposition, aud are favourable to the claims of the Assembly. The Council will probably be rebuked for its past action, and warned not to count in the future on the support ofiheXmperial Government ifitperserveres iu the same course ; and although no immediate Imperial legislation will take place, in order that the Council may have another opportunity , of agreement with the Assembly, yet a warning will be probably oonveyed that if after a general election the Council does not accept the verdict of the country, Imperial legislation to secure that end will, in the judgment of the Imperial Government, bp. certain to follow. Sir Archibald Michie has lelt London. Mr Berry, ProfeBsor' Pearson, and probably Mr Hayter. start on .their return vayage on Wednesday, 7th May. On the 19th inst., the body -of a respectably dressed woman was/oundfloating in the Yarra, near the Studley Park Bridge. There was nothing about the body which would lead to its identification, Suid no one could be found who knew£he deceased in her life time,- Br Candler heldan inqueston-the body last week, arid the result was "a verdict of death from drowning. The post mortem ahnwed- that 'the' woman/Jiad iprnBably- Thecity corner, Dr Youl. on Saturday ast held an inquest at Carlton on the body of Alice Buchanan, a married woinanj aged thirty-nine years, who died on Friday last at her husband's residence. Tho evidence went to show that deceased had btieu drinking heavily for ibe paav two years, and recently she had complained of being IU. Her husband gave her a bottle of wine every day. She positively refused to take any food.. On Friday last deceased was attacked by a fi and before medical aid could be procured she had expired. Mr James Grant Black, a registered surgeon, stated that he had made' a pott mortem examihation, and found that the cause of death was acuto tubercular consumption, which had been ereately accelerated by excessive drinking. The jury found accordingly. A special meeting of the Cabinet was held on Saturday evening at the Railway department) all the Ministers being pre- sent except Mr W. Collard Smith and Mr Longmore. It was determined to accept the tender of the P. and 0. Company to provide a fortnightly mails service for £85,000 per annum, according to conditions already .made public. A telegram was subsequently sent to Mr Berry, authorising him to sign the contract. He was also requested to enter into negotiations with the Orient Company as to some regular scale of passenger rates out aud back, iu vessels to start according to a fixed time-table, -and to make the voyage in a certain number of days, tho route being via the Cape. —Age. The Marquis of Normanby, is to be sworn in as Governor of the colony at the Executive meeting'on Tuesday. Two commissions bave been sent out. The commands made in one of them are of a permanent description. - They create the office of Governor, <fcc., give permanent authority for the exercise of the duties appertaining to it. The second commission is a short document, (simply appointing the Marquis of Normanby to the vacant office, but this also contains slight variations from the terms of the old Mr C. P. Williams, of the Insolvency Court has received from a friend in France by last mail a singular and interesting novelty, which is one of the Paris '* latest. " It consists of a silk pockethandkerchief, which serves the ordinary purpose of such an article, and is also a weather " glass. " The handkerchief bears on the centre three male figures, the middle one an elderly gentleman holding an umbrella over his head. The color of this umbrella is changed by atmospheric influence. Blue indicates settled weather; violet, variable; rose color, rain. The handkerchief washes. Last evening the unbrella was a: light blue; to-day it is violet. —Herald. The Acting Chief Secretary has threatened to refuse the licence of the Operabouse, unless a guarantee is given that the services which have been carried on there for some time past under the di roctiou of the Victorian Association of Spiritualists shall be discontinued. An to this effect was received by Kitts on Saturday evening, and Sunday morning a deputation from the as accompanied by a recentlyelected member of the Assembly, waited upon Sir Bryan O'Loghlen to represent the hardship the spiritualists and freethinkers would suffer if the Opera-houBe were closed to them. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen said his action was not taken on religions grounds, but there was an objection to houses of entertainment being open on Sundays when a charge was made for admission. He at length consented to allow the Opera-house to be opened last evening on oondition that no tickets were sold. The admission, therefore, was free, but voluntary contributions were collected at the doors. Before the services commenced, Mr W. H. Terry, the treasurer of the Victorian Association of Spiritualists, informed the audience of the reason of the change. After stating the result of the change. After stating the result of the interview with the Acting Chief Secretary, he remarked thi>t the association were not in the same position as the churches, had no rent to pay and charged pew rents. The spiritualists, he said, possessed no endowments, and the proceeds of the services a ru * e barely covered the expenses. If tiierC. fore they had to depend upon voluntary contributions, he was afraid they would have to stop the services, unless some liberal minded gentlemen came forward and subscribed a sufficient sum to enable them to carry on the -services, either in the Opera-house' or some other suitable building. The M. A. Mail of Saturday contains the following account of a sad case : A day or two ago a girl named Kate Lamont was removed from the Chinese Camp in Union-street, charged with vagrancy, and taken to - the - gaol in order that she might receive medical treatment, From the time of her admission she gradually sank, aud expired on Friday morning. She had been a resident in the Campbell's Creek and Castlemaine camps for years, and was at the time she was induced to start in her career of shame a handsome girl, but she soon became a fearful wreck through the baneful life she had chosen. As uBual, the opium pipe was the cause of her first fall, and for the past twelve months she had been an smoker, and for days been in aa unconscious state, stupified by the drag. Much has been written and said regarding the depravity of the Chinese quarters, and as this is the second death that has occurred within a fortnight from the same causes—drink disease , and. opium—*nd jn the same street,' it is certainly time some steps were taken in the matter, either by instituting proceedings under the.. " Conservation ot Health Statute" or some thing akin to it. " ' v . . There seems to be some reason to believe that Wiberg may yet be still alive. From information that has reached the police, he was seen near Warratah Bay last Wednesday, and anticipating his arrival in Melbourne, the steamer Gazelle on entering the port from that district was carefully searched, without result. Mining is receiving better support now then it has done for a long time past Even the Argus has oeased-its constant attempts to decry it, and iB endeavoring to redeem its reputation by patting genuine investors on the back. The leases applied for round Dunolly of late have been unusually numerous, and the Waterloo Flat, near Beaufort, is likely soon to bean attraction to speculators. A telegram from Echuca in the Age of Saturday says:—The first prsecution for years ' in this district nnder the ; Border Duties Act aB adudicated on to-day at the Moama police conrt, before. Mr Donald, police magistrate, and Messrs M'Cul!ough and Cairns, -Js. £. Joseph Wright, landlord of the Vine Hotel, wa6 charged with smuggling cheese across the Murray in March ust, and with obstructing the Custom House officers when attempting to seize the article. Mr James Boyd prosecuted on behalf_of the Sydney Government.. Defendant pleaded to smuggling. Łut denied obstructing the officers, statrng'that when stopped by them ijiey behaved so roughly that he refused to hand over the cheese. The affąir took plaoa <» the pontoon bridge, aqd wąs inbst trivial in its detaik. .Nevertheless the bench had no alternative, but fined the defendant in the lo wort pepąltyi £1(1,asdooiti 