FUNERAL SERMON. On Sunday evening least the Rer. J. I. L. Zill. mann, rector of St. Paul's Ohurch, preached a sermon baving special reference to the death of the Rev. John Mosely, who was for many years incumbent of the parish. The conoregation was the largest we have ever seen in St. Paul's Church. the building having been crowded in every part. The Terrice throughout wa--s a most impressive one. The choir chanted dur. inog the evening, in a minor key, "Vital spark of heavenly flame" in a manner that was appreciatively adapted to the solemn nalure of the service; at the close of the sermon ' Christ will gather in His own" was sung with sweetness,and feeling; and as the congregation retired the mournful strains of the " Dead marhe in Saul," played on the organ, rever berated through the building, forming a fitting termi nation to what was a most solemn service. We give below a brief outline of Mr. Zillmann'e sermon on the occasion: The rev. gentleman selected his text from Rev. xiv., 13.-" And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Write, Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth ; yea, asith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours; and their works do follow them." Heaven had spoken to man in two ways-in audible voice, and by secret influence which we called inspiration. Instances of the former we had all through the Bible. Almost on the very first page of the Old Testament, after the curse of sin, which had " brought death into the world and all our woe" had entered into the world, we heard the voice of God cailling to our first parents in the cool of the evening among-t the trees of the garden. It was the same voice which had spoken to the prophet Isaiah, when he exclaimed, " Thervoire said,Cry; and I said, What shall I cry. All flesh is grass." A&. The voice which had spoken from beaten had often spoken con cerning the subject of death; and it was in reference to this that St. John had heard the words which formed the subject of the test-" Blessed are the dead which died in the Lord." But if Heaven had spokes in an audible voice, it was mone the less true that it had also epokenbyseeretinflence. "Holy menofGodspalre as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." This two fold view of Heaven's communications to earth was represented in the glorious assurance, of which the text was a statement, eonecerning the blessedness of the departed good. "I bheard a voice from Heaven saying unto me"--there they had the audible voice from Heaven; "yea, eaith the Spirit of God"-there they had the secret inspiration. It was nppropriate that on sach a solemn and important subject as this, assurance should be made doubly snre; that Hearven should speak with no uncertain sound concerning the r blessedness of the departed sints ; U that by twoI immutable things, in which it should beimpossible for God to lie, we might have a strong hope." Had Heaven spoken, then, on a subjert of such deep interest to all-tbat of the departed good If so, they might suppose that Heaven had spoken in accents of truth, soberness, and deep solemnity. They might be sure, too, that it had spoken on matters of supreme inm portae-msaters beyond theprovinoeofhsman know edend eynndtheken ofhumsninquiry. Noscienco had discovereid that which could solve the problem of life beyond the grave; no philosophy eould unravel the mysteryof the great hereafter. Let them close the Bible, and what as·urance had they concerning the departed dead P None whatever. How confused, contradietory, and perplexing was the onessisted in telligence of man, even at its best estate, concerning the toture life P The wisest men of antiquity had been able to speak only in hesitating terms of the hreafter. Listen to the solemn atterances of one of the greatest philoeopherw of antiquity, Socrates, who, just before receiring the cup of poison by which he and been condemned to die, said to his friend and pupil, Plato-" It is now time to depart I to die and you to live. To which of us is assigned the hap- I pier lot is known only to the gods." Was it hkely that in a matter of such deep interest, of such ab sorbing tmportance, Heaven would have left us in such uncertainty ? Blessed be God, Hearen bed issued the mandate, " Write," and that mandate had been complied with. We had words from feaven written to us in letters of light, and the echoes of that voice seemed to be vibrating in chords of sweetest music-" Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord." Heaven had not left such a solemn truth as this to the corruptinginfluenres of time or the uncertain traditions of men. He would next inquireconcerning whAos and about what this voice from Heaven had spoken. First, then, concerning whom, had this voice spoken P Thedead. Thte dead! What a mighty subject foe contemplation! Thought was paralyzed in the very eontemplation of suel, a subject as this, and we could not grasp sit that it implied. The dead were indeed i " the great majority ;" w re trde on their ashes-the very earth on which we walked was made up of tha dust of the dead. Let them, however, limit their thoughts to the dead whom they had known to die; and how great, how increasingly great, the number! How many in this single town, during the last decade, had passed away ; and the places that once knew them would know them no more! phrlend on rlend dearts. "in bu? seta ota tried t? There t. ao union here of heats That Sods not here an end. But it was not of the dead generally, nor of the dead partiularly-so far as ourerquainalnce aend connection with them aueeonearned--thst the text spoke I but of the ? dd wllit die in the Lord. But who were they 9 wo tbipg s pre suargetd with reference to their Iivej it tar Ikldthat they were "in the Lord,"' and their labourlt' od "works" were specified a ano I~Odtdisgly tey were those who had lived lives of communion with God. Ordinarily the word "com. munioa"-umesnt meditatilon, eeno m stifon but this was not eufoeat for their purpose i lihad anothor rig. elleatlon-it meant to be found In Chrslt, m t having our ews rigbteousnelu, but the rigbteotidssa imputed a tb Him. Hawmnoynacheasqlom were therewho, .mduatel* the changes and chances of this mortal life, taie bud tlheir thoughts elevated above the world ! Thfl tiy not have been notled by the world I but they bad lived lives of faith in God throagh Christ. heir eyes had aught glimpses of uneartll; lightl their oars had been open to the musii of the heavenly aph?rie. Not only bhad their live beon lives'of eomw muniou with God, but sine of servien wilh God. They read in the teat of "works" aend " labour." Bow suny such were til.-n who had laboured and toiled nntil lsllh had blken down, and the Ibuter behad laid them a?sdl 1al they spard thomerlvs only a littt-had they moder?ted their labours only to a sligh lqdare-theL-- eigbatill have been amongst us. But they had gone on labouring and toiling until at elas, wabk from a broken aonltlitun, they had to gine way I sad than ease what we the noset trying tims in a lerso'si esistlnoe-the wllting'tlme of human liit, whe God had put us aeide. It we now inposnibtl for, tlhee to eoutinue ,on in the work In whibb iey.a bed hiiherto .taen such dIep intestl. lit they aould still perve by waiting. He thought therle wae no ler suttaiment otuldl of nspilraton bailltat beautiful hia of the poet Milton when he . Uwr A6U lt*VO w*oea61 aaul anUd at.. Te?-twn watil wa* to ar GodI d to lira llvre of eomwunrt -with Hlia-to be en|aled In Ilib ?r ierMs-was tab prepaed forllI iblMdsed hereafter. It _au hi8 «Aloreulr of the life whih), maun the Bloaing saMs of the Ohritllan ao trnnqull. llJrlan ltred Itn the Lord, they "dl*e n i. JLord," L*t thim coma wtb him to lhe dn llsnl hmAkr of the CIhrlrllan I " oae.' as Addlpi told Jab mwesenger to tUll hl -erldlrmindd son, "*ad eso ow a Obrisllni dis." -abld bi h Ira *I onle of d eath, and am, wlhen Ut A*ll oinsi Is about to eloss, hbow h brightan, how his lor i*flA e, w o, eSAlultena I tn oatllt4 he ex . L ells rout wIiI 4lh1 o mra, L ndy I n jolove 4 gs4 Is n ly t We loobkd to apop death Ireat the RWoril,'« plint aof view-l)e brlork isLof ourr Ipla? , the i nlrrup. io ofs eflr eluisw, To ther Chrlarlst it was only a? Inidelat In tbe glorioul tnmrrh of immortnallt. lis life cnd anmsuion and aMerina would Ie carriWI un titder blaltr lki anMd in Intr Alld., What wemed ilte dark smbaor aob th deAd wait onal the way wtich Sd es IasJ ?eair rdian bey?ad. 1hIn, again, can earalng wbht had Ibi »olo" froam Ulernaspokes Snr leeae fa" e fa th o Chrisin afte dal. n no aelbIr band bad surand asida hl wall whibc p _tlae vlaible from the Invislble I ao mass?eer from tb world aflpiri bad ate to nribh full .tp?oht wih Intellignml of whel" It bd ther behld, But wa Ilm ~eLit seM le dlel Ili e on y apeban. hiect. 0 mWOerar, and dry thy ler. = ape W* istolrw s they blM ed0 We themo a l*t e period of s.upeided alltence bietwin the w?ti e l e o lb ightr their Wtlld blesed amrt i* could not for a moment entntall the Z .botn boni eit on tbeoe PsIM ltb ^I 