SELIHA SEDILIA. BY JU6S M; {From, Bret BarU»''MMTAK TICTICI*" j THB sun was set-Jug over Sloperton Grauge. aUd reddened the vrtndow of 'thA Itmely chamber in :the western tower. snpposed to be haunted by SiiJEdward Sedihs, the founder pf thejQrange. In the.dresmy distance . ^rose. the gilded. maqsolcgm, of Lady jFelieia Sediiia, who hauuted that portion of SedOia Manor known, as M Stiffens : Acre." A little to the left *>f the Orange might have'been seen a mouldering rui^ kniowh as " Gny's Keep," haunted'by the spirit of Sir Guy Semlia, who wife found, one 'morning,'crashed by 6ne of the fUlen battlements.. Yet, ftB. the setting sub gilded these .objects, a beautifol and almost holy calm .^eemei jiffiised ^ ftbopt . ., . , i The Lady Selina sat by an onel wmdow overlooking the park. The .sun sankgentlj in the bosom of file Gotaiant' Ocean, aiid yet the lady did not lift her beauUful head from the finely-waved arm and diminu- tive hand which supportedit. . .'Wben^dwkness finally.; shroudt^ the landscape, she started,for thesound bf^ioree-hoofe clattered over the etones of the avenue. She had 8caroely risen before an ariatooratic young man' fell on^liis' knees." «• My Selina I" •'"Edgardol You here?" .»• And — you—you—have—seen nothing? " said the jlady in an a@tiated voice aad nervotts- TOftnupr, taming her fa^e asjde. to conceal her emotion., . . <, L < '' " Nothing—that is nothing of' any •' ac count," said .Pdgardo. " I passed the ^host the mMlre^yirar imde-mVfte'ihiiiBa 'keep, kriS' observed thb" E^maisir feataitia Of the wiiit of your 'grut-grandfather at his i post. ^Jt'suotbinig beyond, these -ttiffles, my Belina. Nothing .more, Jove,*;absolutely aothing." ' : T'-'O '-: V.-. TS-ii j^Thie young man - turned Ills dark iiqw betrothed. — '•-. " My own Edgardo!—andjou^ . . tm i You jtiU tf 6i2a''marry me in ipite )<ff this daik'' myEtery which surrounda "me ? In spite of theJataLJustory of- mywee f In spite of -the wimo^pr^p|ionp; .4>f my •. "LimouM, Selina?and the., jwing. man parsed his arm around her waist. The two lovers gased "at other's faces in unspeakable bliss. Suc|-; ; dehly Selina started.' " Leave me, Edgardo t leave me t mysterious something — a fatal misgiving —a dark ambiguity,— an ,«qnivo<5fd mis trust (^presses me. I wotfld be djme 1" • The^youbg man arose, ;lind' cast .a loving glance on the lady!" Then we will be married on the seventeenth." " The seventeenth," repeated Selina, wiUi a mysterious ehodder. They embraced and parted. As the clatter of hoofs in the courtyard died away, the Lady Selina sank into the chair she had just quitted. " The seventeen^," she repeated slowly, with the same fatal shudder. "Ah!— what if he should know that I have another ihusbanclliving?. Dare 1 reveal to him that I have two legitimate and three natural children ? Bare I repeat to him the his toiy of my'yocth ? Dare I confess that at at the age of seven I poisoned my aster, by putting verdigris in her cream- tarts— that -I threw my cousin from a swing at theageoftwelve? ,T at the lady's-maid who incurred the displeasure of my girl: hood now lies at the bottom of the honepond ? No, no! he is too pore — too good too innocent to hear such improper' conversation 1" and her whole body writlifed as die rocked too and fro in a paroxysm of grief. But die was soon calm. Bising to her feet, she opened a secret panel in the wall, and revealed a slow-match ready for lighting.. • " This match," said the Lady Selina, is connected with a mine beneath the western lower, where my three children are confined ; another branch of it lies under the parish church, where the record of my first marriage is kep£. > I have ouly to light this match and the whole of my past life is swept tr-ay 1" She approached the match with a lighted candle. . But a hand was laid on her arm, aud with a shriek the Lady Seliua fell on her knees before Urn 1 -spectre of Sir Guy. .CBAPXEB IT. " FOBBKAB, Seliua," ssid'tho phantom in a hollow voioe. "Why should I forbear?" responded Selina haughtily, as die recovered her courage. " Yon know the secret of our race?" - r " I do. G.uderstaxid me—I do not object to the eccentricities of your youth, knoir the fearful fate, which, pursuing you, led you to poison yoar sister and drown yonr lady's-maid. I know the awful doom which I have brought npon tbiB house 1 Bat if you make away with these children " Well ? " said the Lady Selina, hastily. " They will haunt you I " Well,'. I fear them not," said Selina, drawing her superb, figure to ite full height. "But what place are they to haunt? The win is sacred to yonr (Lade's spirit. Your aunt monopolises the park, and, ! must beaQowed to#tate, not unlre^uently trespasses upon the grounds of'others., The horsepond is frequented by the spirit of. your maid,-aud your murdered aster ffalks these eorridors. To be plain,.there, is ito, room «t filoperton Grange for Another ghost.'" I cannot'have them in iny 'robih— for you know I don't like children. Think of this, rash girl, and forbear 1 Would you, Bdiua,' said the phantom mournfully, ' would'you force' yoiir ^reat-grandfather's spirit to take lodgings elsewhere ? " Lady-Selina's hand trembled ; the lighted candle fell fropi her nerveless fingers. «, \- No," she cried passionate)}'," never and fell fainting to the floor. OBAPTBB IIL woo -galloped.rapidly,.towa rds Blojerton. When Uie outline of the' Grange iad . fitted away in the darkness, be reinect tw ihfigmbeeitt steed beside the ri^ns of (3uy'a Keep.. ' •• pa* wants bat a few minutes of the hour," lie -sald, consulting his watch l>y the light, of < the moon. " He dare not break his word. He will come." He passed, and peered anxiously into the darkness. ;' Bui come what may, die i« mibe," he continued, as Ms thooghts teverted. to the fiair lady he had quitted. " Yet if she knew that I were a dietlon and an outcast. If she , the age of fourteen I maristin tutor and foiled my uncled If she knew that X had ihree wives already, and that the fourth victim of misplaced confidence and --my unfortunate peculiarity is expected to be at Slopertonby to-night's train wub her baby. But ; she mu«t Dot know it. Constance must to that." , , - ... •• Ha I here he is I Well ? " These wotds«y» in a donchci hat/who suddenly appeared froiu'Guy'eTSfeepJ e ' " r VS'^t'^-'i J " I be'« here, measter,". »id 'the viftaiu,-. a disgracefully low ^cc?ut Ang 'Pora.- r " plete diareggitiiof gramatical rolei.. „ .. .'' . " It is welL ' Listen : I'm in possession of foots that will send yon to the gallows. ofibMy vrttm tofcga^m^rt-Mi' the making . aw^y with the .ypttoges* daughter of Sir 3\egfofM de^Wdfem. A word from me. and the officers of justice ..TAsmz JSi\ Burke the Slogger tWiflUed. "Hark yel serve my purpose; aud I inay yet serve {yon." ' The 6.80 train from .Clapliam will' be 'due at Sloperton at It mutlnol-arrive?.; L R.... .. .- The vill^n's eyes sparkled as he nodded at Edgardo. . • M' '" Enough—you understand; leave me!" : CHAPTER IV.- • ABOUT half 6 mile from Sloperton Station the South Olapham -and Medway line crossed a biidgeiDvei -Slope^ow-^-Tmnt' As the shades of. .evening, were closing, a man in -a douched, hat. might. have, ,been seen carrying a saw and.axe under his aim, hanging about the bridge. ' From time'to time he disappeared in the shadow of its abutments, but the sound of a saw and-axe still betrayed MB vicinity.; At exactly .nine o'clock he-reappeared, and crossing -to the Sloperton side, rested his < idwolder Against the abutment ftUd gave a; shove. .The bridge swayed a moment, and then fell with a. Bplash into the. water, leaving a space.of one. hundred feet between the twa banks. Tliis done. Burke the .Slogger—for it was lie—-with a fiendish chuckle seated himself on the divided track and awaited the coming of the lrain. A duiek from the woods announced its approach. ' 'For an instant Burke the Slogger saw the. daring of a red lamp. The ground trembled. The train -was going .; with fearful rapidity. Another second and it bad reached the bank. Burke the Slogger uttered a fiendish langb. But the next moment the train leaped across the chasm, ! etrikingthe rails exaotly even tflnd, dashing ont the lifo of Barke, die Slogger, sped away to Sloperton. The first olrjecl that greeted Edgardo as he riode up to the station on the airival of,the train, was the face of his deserted wife looking from the windows 6f a se6ondchiss carnage. ' : ,r " Chaptbr V. • '' i' A NAJtSLESs terror seemed to have taken possessiou ot C'. -a, Lady Seljina'fi trtaid, as- she-rBshed intp. the presence of,her miBtress.. t, > .".Oh,: my lady,«uch news!" -."Explain. yoDrselEl"1.Baid her mistress, rising. . "An accident has happened on the railway, atid a man has been killed." " WliaV-notEdgardo!" almost screamed SeGna. ••" '' ' " . / - " No, Burke the Slogger, yoUr ladyship 1" . " My first husband 1" said Lady Selina, sinking oi^ her knees, " Ju^t Hef^vr u, I thank, thee!" CHAPTER "VI.' ' TKB moming of the'seventeenth dawned brightly over Sloperton. "A fine day for the wedding," said the .SBJ∈ to Swipes, the bucler^f Slope^ton grange. The aged retainer diook his toad sadly. " Alas 1 there's no trasting in signs I" he continued. " Seventy-five yeanj ! agd, on a~day like this my young -mistress- " but he was cut short by the appearanoe of a stranger. " I would Bee • Sir Edgnrdo," said the newcomer, impatiently. The bridegroom, who, with the rest of tlta wedding train, was about stepping into the carriage to proceed to the parish church, .drew the Strang er aside. ." It's done !" said the stranger, in a hoaJM .wliispe^,'''." " Ah land you buried her?" With the others;!" "Ettough. No mare at present. Meet kne after the ceiemony.tand you shall liave yonr reward;"• • -•'.•/. - r . < , . The stranger shuffled away, and Edgardo returned to his bride. "A trifling matter of business I had forgqtten. my 'dear Seliua; let na jprociBeil," aii^d the ^oting man pressed the tiniid liaud' ©t his"'blushing bride as he handed, her into ^tbe ctoiage. The cavalcade rode oat-ofthe courtyard. At the Bsme moment, the "deep bell on Gay's Keep tolled ominoady. CHAPTKB VII. BCABCBLY kpd the u^ddiog train left the Grange'tlian Alice S^dttia, Voungest daagh • ter of fdidy Beliua, 'made tier escape from the western tower, owing to a . l^ok M watchfulness on the part oi Clarissa, The innocent child, freed .from restraint, ram- bled through ^Jie. 'lonely corridors, and finally, opening a door, found herself in her mother's boudoir. For some time she amused herself by;- examining tl»e various ornaments dnd elegant "trifles- with wMoh it was filled; ' Then, in pursuano6)of a childish freak, die dressed herself in her mothei's laces aud ribbons. . Iu tuis'oocupatioin she chanoed to touch a peg which.proved to be a spring that opened a secret panel in the wall. Aliee uttered a cry ofdelight as she noticed what, tO her «hildish fancy, appsaredtobe the' d6w-inatoh of* firewoik. Taking a lacifer match in her hand she apprusched tho fuse. She hesitated a moment. What -vrould ,hef. motLer and her nurse say? V ••«'• ' • >' . i y Snddenly^the .ringing of the: diimes of Sloperton parish : chqrdi met her ear, Alioe knew -that Ihe eotmd signified thdt the maniage party had entered the charchi and that e& wiis'seoare f^m inteiiuptios. With i feh31diEh'«iiile upou ther lipe, Alice Sedflia iouched off the slow- match, ; . * « * :* •-. * * AT exactly two -o'clopk on Uie seventeenth, Bnpert Sedilia, who hud jost returned from XnoUajlln^j thbbghtfnlly desoending the h^l towards Sloperton Manor. ^•If.I oatjpfove that 1 my; Aunt Imdy Selina -was inatnM before ^my fethejt died, I can establish myclaim to Sloperton Gtin^i" '"he ; uttei»d,half ' nload. [sedi'fora sudden tremblingofthe earth eath his feet, :and a terrific explosion, tfap^ric of, (UiiUery, anjpsted his progresa. At ^e B^e. toiQmuit he/behdd a dense doud of smoke e&Velep; tlie' ohordhyard of Siopert6n, and ,tho WeBteni tower ofthe Grange seemed -fe bi lifted bodily fromlts foundation.» The air.«eemed filled fragmeute^and two dftrk ebthe earth {dose at Ms feol. with jecls Bupert picked tliem up.; One seomod to be a heavy botwd volamein traps.* , A CQT burst from liis lips. ! . ««Tbe Pwieb l&oprds.;" H6 opened tbe ', volumebastily. It oontapied the marriage :• of Lady Selina to",Barkis the Slower." , ; Tbe seponi object proved to IbsXpieoe . of parchment* He <*>re it open with,{rem : < blioRilngers. Itwas, the missing wll of •• -iSir Jamea Sedilia 1 r, .,..;., OHAPTBB IX. .. ..'•/.' Wax*. jUie : bdla-ftgain rang, on the; new 'psjtfah obnrob ot Slopertbn Hw&sfor; the marriageof 8ir Rupert' ^Sedilia' ari(l jbiB ; opneiiv the only remapjupg' Bxbmbejraof the . family. ..,'..; , j,;,.'",. . , . Rye inore ghonts were added'to'the sopernataralpopalation of Sloperton Grange. ' - Perhaps, this was the. reason why Sir Rupert Bold: the property shortly, afterward, and that for many years a dark shadow seemed to,hang over the rains of Sloperton • Orange. : .,'".'• '' •'•."" ; : ." - • 