WIEDNESDA Y, DECEMBER 10, 1879 Oun past history most conclusively demonstrates our unbounded:- sym pathy and hearty co-operation with allimanly sports and -healthy 'exer cises that are calculated-to. develope bone and muscle,: and give a vigorous= tone to society 'in general and to youth in particular. Our long -and honorary 'connection'with the athletic sportsaommiittc e andlother institu. tions of this i?tlce,_'must have con ,vinced the most sceptical that we have done; oiir utmost:to promote" all legitimate'onejoy~ij nit?n and 'aided in the formation of. societies that foster health and happiness.? Whatever our hands could do; they have done td assist the material progress and advance the social: benefit, of this widely scatteiedi' district, and' it: is not too much to say, that the services rendered by ourselves,- by virtue of the multiplicity of offices we hold, have been duly appreciated by a grateful and discerning public, and brought forth resuilts of- a :most satis factoi'ynaturo. It :is qluite.: possible that we have come into contact with the settled yiews.,and deeply seated notions -ofb not a:few of our numerous and steadily increaasiag: ::ircl l& ? of readers ;and disturbedtlthoir tire- hion oured repose., This circuimistance in itself is calcili ttodto give uneasiness to many and mbiortal offence to some. Our province, however, is to speiak the truth whatever consequences may follow.. When a person's fivo6uritc" systemotis'dissipated by'the light ,0of the 'Presc, or his paralogism; is .toran to shreds or' held up to scorn,) it is not likely hle will seek to. advance. our interests or remember us in his devotions1iunlcss, :indeed,1when the heart, filled with the deepest: emotion, pours its maledictions upon us, in con tinental language.- We cannot how ever; alter"-our course. At "all' haz-: rds we shall enoudeavour to expose error; uproot party feeling, exfermi'n iate false policy; and hurl with all ',ur dexterity and- 'strengtli'' the' 'u"iost: deadly :plows. against, any.. syseiem whether it is 'surrouu'ded by the most vulgar rabble or 'uipheld '-b' thle" more refined clique. `'-What ~vhw-lave written hits beenifor the benefit' of the community, and if our iemharks'l have stung td;th iquibrck any of oun: readers, we :have -only to ?say lthat they. were.meant.-to-deal w:igth- me'is- . ures to expose error, to redress grie vances, and- to:-'recti?y'wrodf'tg8 ;tieat were too glaring to pass unnoticed. If 'therefore, their application suiited, any perisiin~it niust? a-?-beliegitol?iise of' the gtilt of-the" individual{.whose "heart was touched, and the;fault can "not thereforle'be'with :"tliher peh ?thrit :writes in defence of truth,and'equity. Util: men'are educated "'up to' the; 4roquirements, of,the, agej ithey, ,will need the light of: the 'Press.-to' illume :their darkness and the keen: ;cutting words of intelligent criticism to check theih in :theii 'qiestionabl ciireeir arnd hold tlioi ii their' proper place: Our course is clear vi., ::to- do! what 'is right.: -Truth will neitherbe varnished nor suppressed by us however nimucdh people mnay grumnible. ' e shall neither seek 'to please, nor ,try to. offend at the sacrifice of principle. ! The town of Queanbeyaa was last week; alive: withi: a;vulgar.fangita:tion iealled foot-racing., The. excitement had ,beenigot upwith a ..view of fleeoe: ilug ,the ' unwary. pandering, to :the tastes of- tho'vitiatred aid -liuing thei pockets 'of ai L"~ intidcent' abroad," who assumes the delicate appollation of' "'stranger ' -a very euploiiious. title indeed ;it ought to diraw. well, Somiae ore this have Telt its drawing influences too much: It is quite pos sible that this orphan who has enlisted so much sympathy`? here may 'hliav opened the optics of a select circle of our.philosophers to the fact, that he is ?qual to any emergetlcy that tiii'ay arise in-the course of h1is travels, and, his method' of bleeding and taking Stheitifnainiiiationfiomi the moniOhy--ichest of :his friends be acknowledged by them ys quite'a novelty in its own way.' -'= It will be well, after all, -'if he has succeeded in convincing his ;4dupegs:t!lit .their::best plan is, to avoid all unhealthy excitement in the future as it genierally leads to unfavourable consequicnc?is. E xperiene eis "-somc times bought too dearly: We. have ireason to believo that not a few have to _ regret' theit :introdiuction to the interesting stranger..: Their purse: is not exactly the same. weight since they. behald his manly form and were charmed with his "musical " six to one; on the "event." "Whent will :pelople learn to be wise ? If inidivi duals desire amusement:let it-be done iii a- inanna ?Rieditablo to the co?m -unity,. and iin \ way which wltt tend to thoe promotion of, honest com petition. Surely we have gentlemen: in our midst ~who are capable of con ducting sports respectablyi.and guard ing. all- :parties from. ,the, faintest aspect :of "designing scoundrels and wily swindlers. It has certainly come to "a pretty;pass when men of position and respectability will iden tify thea.selves with a foot-rac.e with out tseriously considering the sur rioundings of .the whole case. Who is this accommodating stranger that such a lively interest should be taken qin him ?. Who.are his companions, `thatigentleifefn of standing should so intimately-identify themselves vith, as to head their- little game ? In these days of bushrangmg and rob 'bery one cannot be toj cautious in counitenancing suchl promiscuous gatherings, especially when thefaint est appe tranceo at trickery is patenit to discerning , minds. There is no harim inn -foot-race, and certainly there can. be no hliarm' in starting one under the. auspicies of .a well regulated committee, or with the fullest knowledge of the contending parties.' But we will put it to our readers if the circumstances under consideration justified afiy man of position iif taking the slightest part in the events last week. If such travel ling doubtfuls are treated as well in eveiry place as they have been treat'ed !eiehe, the news will ,soon sprea'.l and a hedrd of: cunning tiickst'crs may in undate' every small town`;: in . the colony to the annoytance odf irespct= able people; and lead many iani un suspecting youth' into trouble and loss :of money.' T'e great evils thlt, ga:ierally follow, such scenes. wori'e riampant on this'ioconsion. Be30t ting, drinking and swearing generally 'follow in :the, wakoe of such events. ThoBe a"miable strangers who appoar ed in our streots betting six to one should liavebeein niety all with ]Iam lot's languago 'to his father's ghost \- -".Thou ,comest toi. me inc iusuch ques tioLnable shape." '. he whole affair had?tlie appearanced of a` well iarragled ,planr to Trais?e the mind. -'Would any miainh bet si.c to one or two to one if ie:did; i(not ,know exactly Biow the event wouil~cl?selcs. 'It is quite pos s;ible for a man :to bet honestly- anid lose :biutylhoro was t.hI honesty. in. thosofoot races ? Lst those who witniecod tihe affli: decide foi1: hetii selvs. ,Itils quito:plausibb for - oui, lasticstrvunger to lose a mciri that he-mo;nayl riise-thoe expdcettions of tlhe speota'tbrs for a second dlttempt"o a falso-eheigh t- and -rake in tenfold-more by his-.sChoeuing .than he lost in the first-inistance. i"I'lie £4U race hat all the semblauce of the deepest knavery. W}ho will .ay that evon in this tlhdr' ,,s not a li::undoirstaudini~b hotvren= certain ppartiis :to` soll rthi:l .Fearftil odds could have, boon and ldoubtless were laid and accepted with .tholtaciituaderstanidinug that'the:two; comipotitobis should shiare the profits ,aidvswindle !the- victims before, their eye'. Of course the interesting stranger withi his usual urbanity was ready to embrac every, impetons friend who had the needful, but a fd\w. of the moropienetrating, aid a select nuimber of the -victims ofE"amisplaced coaifidcuce,: came to 'tli ' coniclusio ii that ;beniiet hl all t-hess!ioi ai1d gl.itter the most severe " lambing:", comnbined, :witlh the deepest cunning. .were too' v`isible: to be opeiative. Adieu, getitle stranger, tiy niiother constitue?iy, blit beware of the policeo. :.. Charles . linnegar f' Ysd,'asI, hloksmitlh, is i sul i7?uni . " l:l. blilitis, £70 .1O 4d; asi ett 70. i , Jjisepli '.rck'~ r oft Murruinbanteswiin has loeur heavi' Irierl'at Yat, fur .using abusive Ihngliige to thei public s~oioul ieuolib. 