THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION COMMISSION. The Ballarat Courier accuses us of having " united with the Telegraph in pitching into that paper relative to the personnel of tho Exhibition Commission." Wo bog our con temporary to absolve us from any studied rudeness in giving a flat contradiction to that statement. Let tho Telegraph answer for its own acts. Wo took up the same subject, and declined to agree with all that spirited but rather impulsive journal thought proper to say upon it. We also refused to endorse the views of the Courier. But we had no idea or intention of " pitching into" it. That we made a complaint is perfectly true, and we challenged the Courier to say whether it would not have done the same reply to that; but the Courier says?—" Our Bendigo contemporary has really no founda tion for its complaint. Tiie Sandhurst dis trict has the same number of representatives on the commission as Ballarat; and with this it should surely be contented." Now, we don't admit tho "surely." The Courier continues, "the representatives of Ballarat are—Major Smith, Mr. Fincluuu, and Mr. Bell"—three members of the Assembly for that constituency, beitremarked,aMinisterand two Ministerial supporters—" and tho represen tatives for the Bendigo district are Mr. J. J. Casey, Mr. Sterry (the Mayor), and Mr. Lansell." Very good men too. But Mr. Casey, who could not be left out, does not represent the Bendigo district, and Mr. Sterry and Mr. Lansoll are not members of Parliament. Our complaint was that our Legislative representatives had been entirely ignored, and nothing can bo more clear than that party influences were at work when tho commissioners for Sandhurst were appointed. " Our con temporary," says the Courier, has evi dently overlooked this equality." We have done nothing of the sort. We admit the equality at once, so far as the men themselves are concerned, and we are suro that Casey, Sterry, and Lansell are a match for Smith Fincham, and Bell any day and any where. If the member, say, for Gronville, the Mayor of Ballarat West, and some millionaire of their city, had been appointed to represent Ballarat on the Commission, and the three members for Sandhurst had been appointed for this electorate, we are quite satislied "tho equality" would not have been ad mitted at Ballarat. Scri'LEMEXT.—A supplement is published with this morning's issue. Tnr. Caulk—In consequence of the Port Darwin line having been interrupted during yesterday and last evening, we are without cable news this morning. The interruption has occurred beyond Government Gums. It was expected that the line would be restored to working order last night or early to-day. A Strange Cash.—A laboring man named Peter Clarke, who does not receive a particu larly good character from the police, was arrested hist evening by Constable Glendenning and conducted to the lockup, but the speeitic offence with which he will be charged has not yet been decided upon. It will probably be simply a charge of common assault, but a'u first sight, and from the behaviour of the man, the arresting constable was under the impression that Clarke, who was seemingly the worse of liquor, had been tampering witii a child. It appears that a Mrs. Hewitt, of Water-street, left her home between six and seven o'clock last evening, leaving her little girl, aged seven years, alone in the hous;, in which there was no light. Shortly after her mother lefc, the little girl heard some one :ryiug the front door, but failing to make an entrance, the person went round to the back of the house, forced the back door open, and 'calked through the kitchen into the sitting-room, where the child was. The man, who proved to be the prisoner •Clarke, sat down on the floor of the room, caught the little girl and shook her several times, and told her to hold her tongue and not make a noise, or ho would kill her. He said that a Mrs. Coleman had sent him for some beer, and remained in the house till Mrs. Hewitt came home about eight o'clock. The mother, on approaching her heme, heard the child crying, and on entering, found the little girl standing in the middle of the room, with the man lying on the floor some distance off, She asked him what he wanted there, when lie mumbled some unintelligible words, ami she then went for a constable. Whilst she was away on this errand, Clarke cleared out, and tried to escape up Bridge-lane, but was followed by some boys, who kept him in sight till Constable Glenuonning arrived on the scene, and effected his airest. The man's story about being sent for beer by a Mrs. Coleman turns out to be correct, as a wheelbarrow and jar, with which he had been despatched to one of the breweries for the pur pose stated, were subsequently found. This Mrs. Coleman is} said to be a bad character re siding in a house in Bernal-street frequented by thieves and abandoned women. She and her husband were some little time since convicted of harboring disorderly persons. The prisoner will be brought up at the City Police Court this morning. Cqlac Coal.—A very interesting specimen pf true coal, supposed to bo anthracite, received yesterday from Colac, will be found amongst the Gas Company's t-xhibits in the exhibition. " Tkmpkkanck News. "—We have received the Tanpc.raiice Nti03 for April, Presentation-.— On Tuesday night the Eagle hawk branch of the Australian Natives' As sociation met at the Park Hotel, and after the ordinary meeting took occasion to present an illuminated address to their past president, -\Ir. F. 0. Taylor. A very good substantial dinner was laid out, which twenty-live members sat down to, the chair being taken by Mr. Cahill, vice-president of the board of directors. After full justice had been done to the eatables, the usual loyal toasts were duly honored, and then Mr. Cahill read the address as follows:— "Australian Natives' Association, Eaglehawk branch, No. 7.—To Mr. F. 0. Taylor, past president.—Dear Sir,—In presenting to you this token of our esteem we do so with sincere appre ciation of the energy and ability displayed by you in the arduous position of president, which you have so creditably held for the past eighteen months. We are well aware that when yon were called to the office you now relinquish, the lodge was young, and required an elliciont leader to conduct'it with success. Wo need scarcely mention that our anticipations of your capacity for that oflice have been fully realised. Whilst regretting that the usages of the society render necessary the vacation of the high position J'"" have so long and creditably held, we cherish a hope that you may long be spared to assist in your individual capacity the advancement of the lodge and order. With best wishes for your future welfare, we remain on behalf of thelodge, M. CiJKTAlx, president; J. Holman", vice-presi dent; and M. II. Bkp.riman", secretary." He said he hail very much pleasure in being asked by the Eaglehawk branch to present this very well drawn address to Mr. Taylor, whose con nection with the association dated from the very opening night of the Sandhurst branch, and who, together with Mr. Fagan (from whom he read a telegram sent by lnm from Warrnambnol sending congratulations), founded the Eagle hawk branch about two and a half years ago. Already it had made such good progress that it numbered more financial members last quarter than any other branch in the association. (Cheers.) Mr. Taylor suitably responded. " The A.N. A,," " Our Native Land," "Austra lian Industries and Exhibitions," "The Iiagle hawk branch," " Kindred Societies," and other toasts were proposed. Several songs were sung during the evening, and after spending a few pleasant hours together, the assemblage broke Destructive Fire. — Shortly before ten o'clock, the fire boll in the watch tower, in the Camp Reserve, rang out an alarm of lire. The several fire brigades turned out with praise worthy promptitude, and on proceeding in the direction indicated by the lirebell, a strong glare was observed just across the railway line from Williamson-street. The scene of the con flagration proved to be a weatherboard cottage, in Brougham-street, three doors from William son-street, the property of Air. l'allett, and tenanted by a miner named M'Mahon, who works in the Garibaldi claim, _ New Chum. The house was observed to be 011 fire by some of the neighbors who rushed iu by the front door, and-commenced removing all the furniture they could. For a few moments the attention of the neighbors was directed only to saving the furni ture, bat it presently flashed across their minds that Mrs. M'Mahon and a child were in the burning building. Mr. Kimpton, a resident in the locality, who was amongst the crowd, rushed into the back bed-room, and there found Mrs. M'Mahon iu a state of semi-stupefactiou, and with some difficulty managed to get her out of the building along with an infant. The poor woman had been in bed when the lire occurred, and had to be wrapped iu a blanket, and carried to one of the neighbor's houses, as she was in au hysterical state. Neither she nor the child were in any way injured, but their escape was next to miraculous, as had they remained much longer in the room when they were found they must have been suffocated with smoke and burned to death, Mr. M'Mahon being at work at the time. When tlio fire brigades arrived several lengths of hose were unrolled, but it was fully twenty minutes before the water was brought to bear 011 the burning building. By this time the house was in a perfect blaze of tire, and the attention of the firemen was directed to preventing the flames from spreading as they threatened doing, there being a brick cottage to leeward, and a weatherboard house to windward, while a hut which stands 011 the road opposite, was also threatened with destruction. I11 this attempt they were successful, but the house where the lire originated was burnt to cinders with a considerable portiofi of the furniture which it contained. So far as could be learnt lieithtT the building nor furniture was insured. CuiOKKT.—Tile Ballarat A.N.A. team of cricketers arrived iu .Sandhurst last night by the 10.30 train, and were met at the station by Messrs. Cahill and Devine on behalf of the •Sandhurst Branch. Tho following are the names of the team:—Messrs. Belcher, Boyd, Brown, Cahir, Conkill, Clarke, Farmer, M'Crae, Morey, Turner, and Whitelaw. 'fuu v** •""> —Yesterr'-*- •■"■unnratnn; w;id in uuli warmer than it has been lately, as the wind chopped round to the north for a part of the day, but returned to its old quarter ill the south towards evening, and the night was cool and bracing. During Tuesday night there was a smart frost experienced in and around the distriat, which is a favorable indication of rain being not far distant. People in Sandhurst have no idea of the terrible distress that prevails in the outlying districts through the want of water ; but within a radius of ten miles from Sandhurst, with its copious supply from the Coliban, the farmers are beginning to cry out for rain. The drought has lasted, with scarcely any break, for fully six months, and, as a natural consequence, all the creeks and dams are completely dried up. Stkatiifikldsaye Shine Council. — The special meeting which was to have been held yesterday, for the purpose of considering Cr. liundell's motions for the amalgamation of the oliiees of shire secretary, collector, and engineer, Could not be held, as there was an inaccuracy in the wording of the document handed ill by Cr. Rundell, which would have hail the effect of rendering illegal any action taken at such meet ing. Nearly all the councillors put iu an appearance, and Cr. Rinidell handed in to the shire secretary the following, which will be dealt with oil Wednesday next, 9th inst :— " Wo, the undersigned councillors, request Mr. J. Bell, secretary, to call a special meeting of the Council at the Shire Hall for Wednesday, 9th April, 1S79, at two p.m., for the purpose or dispensing with the services of Mr. J. Bell as secretary and collector, with a viow to the amalgamation of the offices as the Council may thin k proper.—Matthew Hun deli,, C. H. 1!i:ad, Ciias. Buenxan." " We, the under signed councillors, request Mr. J. Hull, secre tary, to call a special meeting of the Council at the Shire Hall for Wednesday, '.)th April, 1S79, at half-past three o'clock, for the purpose of dis pensing with the services of Mr. 1£. J. Hawkins as engineer and valuer, and that applications be called for from persons willing to perforin the joint duties of engineer, secretary, and col lector, at a salary the Council may think proper to fix. —Matthew IIusdell, C. li. Head, C'uas. BRKN'NAN." THE BUTCHERS' PICNIC. —The butchers of Sandhurst with their wives and families held their animal gathering yesterday on the race course at Epsom, and as every effort had been made to make the celebration as enjoyable as possible, the outing passed off very successfully in every respect. About 800 people were on the ground, and Hallas's band was present to enliven the proceedings. A first-class luncheon was laid out shortly after noon by Mr. Howe, of the Fleece Inn, in the place set apart for such purposes in the grand stand, and full justice was done to the provender supplied by the caterer. Cricket, quoits, racing, etc., were zealously entered into by those present, and the fun was; kept up to a late hour in the evening. The butchers' trotting race was won by Mr. Roberts, and the pony gallop by Mr. Cook. A very interesting event was the race between the Sandhurst and Castlemaine butchers, which resulted in Mr. D. O'Keefe, of Sandhurst, coming in lirst, with Mr. R. Dan, of Castlemaine, second. The whole arrange ments were carried out under the able manage ment of the following gentlemen:—Messrs. Stamp, Gould, Jackman, Bright, and O'Keefe, l'iciXiN-FLYlNi; Match.—On Monday last a pigeon-Hying match from Sandhurst to Mel bourne took place. Three birds were entered for competition. The match wai arranged by the Melbourne Pigeon Homing I lub. The three birds were of the Antwerp carrier breed, and were despatched by the first train from Mel bourne on Monday to the care of Mr. T. Jensen, of the Black Swan Hotel, in this city. On the arrival of the train Mr. Jensen received the birds, and at half-past eleven started them from the railway station. The winning bird reached Melbourne at a quarter to three o'clock, having occupied l.hreo hours and a quarter in accom plishing the journey. The pigeon was bred and owned hy Mr. Delaney, at Emerald Hill, Mel bourne. The match was for a silver cup, valued at ten guineas. Nfaystead Races. —The News toad Races were held yesterday. The weather was line, ami there was a very good attendance of spec tators, about 500 persons being present. The following are the results : — Maiden Plate— Braybmok. Newstead Handicap—Hippona 1st, Sheriff '2nd ; won easily. Hurdle Race—Dolo 1st, Tim Flaherty 2nd. Selling Race—Non sense 1st, Vulcan 2nd. District Plate—Buckley 1st, Ellen Tree 2nd. Ladies'Purse—Braybrooi; 1st, Hippona 2nd. D'Ar.cv Kkad's Ghost.—There was another good attendance at the ghost entertainment Iasr evening at the Masonic Hall, when the bill of fare consisted of the two sketches " Beauts am; the Beast" and "The Haunted House," which will be repeated this evening for the last time. To-morrow night will be presented "Faust and Marguerite," with some wonderful .spectral effects, and the original music incidental to the opera. On Saturday night the farewell per formance will be given, which will be positively the last opportunity of witnessing Mr. D'Arcy Read's wonderful illusions, The Diamond Drill.—On drawing tlio bor ing rods at the diamond drill on the Great Southern lease yesterday, the depth of the bore was 440 feet. During the day blue slate was tlis kind of strata through which the drill was passing, but towards evening it got into hard sandstone again. Everything is working satis factorily, but Mr. Newman states that there are still one or two of the missing diamonds at the bottom of the hole, which occasionally leave their mark on the core barrel. The setting^ of the diamond bits has been much more perfect oi late, and the bit which was drawn up yester day at the close of the day's work, had bored 50 feet since it was put on, without material injury. This is mainly due to the suggestions of Mr. Nev.-maii, that the still iH which the diamonds arc bedded should be at least an eighth of an inch thicker than that of the bits imported from America with the drill. This change ill their construction has been found to work remarkably well. Boring operations will lie started at the usual hour tills morning with a fresh bit, which is at present oil hand. Jordan's Hand Power Drill.— Another trial of this excellent little machine for ex pediting and cheapening tiie process of • shaft sinking and driving in mines, will be made in the exhibition yards on Saturday afternoon. Any particulars required of the machines, can lie obtained from Messrs. Jones, Scott and Co., of Melbourne!, and Air. Henry Jackron, of View street, who are the agents for the sale of the machines, Processional Novelty. —As we stated in a paragraph yesterday, the procession in connec tion with the opening of the Easter Fair this year, will contain a decided novelty, consisting of a goat rigged lip in full harness, and attached to a miniature carriage. The animal, which is said to be a fine robust representative of hia species, will be presented to the committee by Mr. T. Putnam, the buggy will be specially and gratuitously made by Messrs. G-. F. Pickles and Sons, and the harness by Mr. Hansen. It is in tended, we understand, that the entiro turn out shall eventually be raffled, and the proceeds thrown in along with the other receipts from the fair. Threatening Language.—A laborer named John Flynn, aged 01, was arrested yesterday, on warrant, by Constable Thompson on a charge of threatening language. A Contradiction.—Mr. Charles Rexstraw writes to us contradicting a report which he states has been circulated to the effect that he received tuition from Mr. F. Tayler, late draw ing master at the School of Mines. Mr. Rex straw furthermore states that he never had five minutes' tuition in art painting from auy per son. Sandhurst Easter. Fair, 1S79.—A meeting of the executive committee was held- last even ing, when oilers from the proprietors of several shows (never before exhibited iu this city) were accepted, and arrangements completed with Mr. A. Fabian respecting the choir at the opening ceremony. Tenders for publicans' booths, which had been allowed to stand over from Tuesday evening, were considered, and that of Morgan and Co. for £33 5s. was accepted. Letters from Eagleliawk and Long Gully Fire Brigades, expressing their willingness to tako part in procession were ordered to be replied to with thanks. Offers of services for Variety Show from several of our most talented local amateurs were accepted, and the committee may now safely congratulate themselves that al though the time at their disposal this year was very limited, there can be no two opinions as to the success of old Bendigo's charitable fair of 1S79. The erection of a Chinese Theatre is being vigorously proceeded with, and tenders will be invited this week for several other buildings. Donations acknowledged with thanks: —Mr. J. Itobshaw, parcel illustrated magazines anil engravings; Mr. A. Carndufl", threo meer schaum pipes; Mr. M. J. Cahill, parcel faney goods. The Melbourne Exhibition.—Amongst the exhibits at the local exhibition which have attracted the notice of Mr. Richardson, secre tary for the Melbourne Juvenile Industrial Ex hibition, which is to be opened about October next, is that sent by the apprentices in the em ploy of Mr. J. A. 0. Scott, bootmaker, of Har greaves-street. Mr. Richardson has communi cated with Mr. Scott, requesting that the same or a similar exhibit be sent to the Melbourne Exhibition, and we understand the request will be complied with. The Count? Court.—The April sittings of the Sandhurst County Court commenced yester day, before his Honor Acting-judge Leech. The list was not a heavy one, and no cases of importance were heard. The deferred judgment of his Honor Judge Bindon in the case of the Sandhurst Building Society v. Delaney was delivered, aud was in favor of the plaintiffs, execution to be stayed for seven days to give defendant an opportunity to appeal, or to move to set aside the verdict if he should think fit to do so. There are only about a dozen defended cases remaining on the list, the majority, if not all On Friday fifteen cases for non-payment of rates to the Shire of Iluntly will be heard, as they were adjourned yesterday until that day, for proof of the service of the notice of demand, aud for Monday there is one case set down for trial bv iurv. Soiree.—In celebration of the opening of the new depot erected .it Golden- square by the No. 1 Five Brigade, for the accommodation of the apparatus placed by the brigade at the disposal of the recently formed local contingent, a soiree was held last evening at the Foresters' Hall, Golden-square. The ali'air passed off moat satisfactorily, and a very pleasant evening was spent by the members of the brigade and their friends present, numbering altogether about seventy persons, a large number of whom were ladies. After tea singing and dancing were in dulged in. and the latter amusement was con tinued until a late hour. City Police Couivr.—Messrs. Holdsworth and Anderson, Js.P., were on the bench yes terday at the above court, but the business transacted was unimportant. A drunkard was discharged, anil in a debt case set down for hearing there was no appearance of tho parties concerned. New Insolvent.—Patrick Henuessy, of Sandhurst, miner. Liabilities, £49 9a. 5d.; assets, £3; deficiency, £46 9s. Gd. Causes : Want of remunerative employment and pressure of creditors. Attorney, Mr. J. P. Motteram; assignee, Mr. John Hasker. Meeting, under section 53, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at 11.30 a.m. Water for the Country.—The importance of obtaining water for inland navigation and irrigation cannot be over-estimated, and the country is beginning to bo alive to this neces sity. Steps have already been taken to bring tin; subject prominently forward, and there is strong probability that before long the GoTern ment will move in the matter. The following letter has been received by Mr. Hugh M'Coll from the Acting Chief Secretary touching this question:—"I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2;ifch inst., re questing a revision of tho 40th clauso of tho Land Act 1SU0, or tho appointment of a Parlia mentary Commission to inquire into the capa bilities of the colony for storing water in largo reservoirs lor the supply of canals, and the con struction for purposes of irrigation and inland navigation of the same. In reply, I beg to in form you that the hou.' the Acting Chief Secre tary will bring tho matter under the considera tion of the Cabinet. 27th March, 1S79." Application.—Our Melbourne correspondent says:—Mr. Quick moved in the Full Court to day (Wednesday) that an order of Judge Barry, in Chambers, directing Thomas Miles, attorney, nf Sandhurst, to pay to one Delanev £49 and costs be made a rule of court. Mr. Miles was attorney for Didaney in a case in which the latter was plaintifV, and the Sandhurst Building Society defendant, and it was alleged that this money had been taken by him and not handed over to his client. The object di tho motion was with a view to execution or attachment against the respondent. The Court granted the annlicatinn. Inspection' of Vineyards. — Yesterday, Messrs. Wallis (Secretary for Agriculture) and Criehton (Inspector of Vineyards) visited Messrs. Dunnington, Paseoe, and Meyer's, and Mrs. Saarvas's vineyards, at the Sheepwash, for the purpose of ascertaining if there were any traces of the phylloxera vastatrix in that dis trict. They started at half-past G a.m., and it was after G p.m. before they returned to Sand hurst. It is gratifying to learn that no traces of the plague were found. Mr. Wallis left for Melbourne last evening; and, to- day, Messrs Criehton and Woinarski will continue their inspection on the Sheepwash, after which they will visit Myers1 Plat and Bullock Creek, and this will complete the Sandhurst district, as? the vineyards at Axe and Emu Creeks, Huntly, Epsom, and the White Hills have been in spected, and all found sound. We understand that the inspection ceases with the Sandhurst district, which is to be regretted, as the plague may be in some of the smaller districts ; and, as it spreads very vapidly, it is a pity the whole colony is not thoroughly iuspeoted. Eioht Hours' Anniversary.—A meeting of tiie members of the building trades, in connec tion with the above, will be held to-morrow evening at eight o'clock in the Bath Hotel. Tub \Vilijam.son-sn:ket Fiiu: Inquiry.— The adjourned inquiry into the cause of the conflagration which consumed a house at Back Creek, nu the Gth February, belonging to Mr. W. S. Best, will be resumed by Mr. I'. Strick land this morning at ten o'clock. All of the jurymen and witnesses are requested to be in attendance punctually at this hour. New Gloves.—Messrs. Dillon and Fick notify in our advertising columns that they have been appointed agents for tiie " Les Atoura " gloves, which can be obtained at their business premises, View Point. Personating Custom House Officers.— During the last few days (says tho lih'trine Ilerahl] some unprincipled persons have stopped people grossing tiie new bridge over the Murray and taken articles of provision and clothing from them, stating that they were custom officers. 