NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:-D'Arcy's Read’s “Ghost” entertainment, at the Altred-hall; special meeting of City Council, 3 p.m. meeting of Protestant Asaocia tion, 8 p.m. meeting of Permanent Building and In- vestment" Society, Mechanics’-Institute, 7.30 pirn.; riaeeting- of Australian Natives’ 'Association, Craig’s hotel, 8 p.m.;" meeting of Hibernian Society, No. 2 branches p.m. ' 4 ; ' 1 Theßallarat shareholders ; and, depositors in • the Australian and European Bank were met at . the Mechanics’ Institute-on Wednesday morning by Mr Umphelby, one of the directors; Mr M’Gutcheoni the general'manager;' arid Mr W. B. Shaw, a.large share holder, who laid' before the meeting a full statement of the bank's affairs similar to that placed before the meeting in Melbourne ; bn.Monday.’ "They expressed, the utmoatxonfideuca in- ,the bank, and the meeting passed a resolution- unanimously approving of the action taken by the directory, a document being after wards signed by -many depositors containing provi sions the same as those in the agreement adopted in Melbourne. It was announced that - the bank would probably re-open on Monday," the general manager in timating that there was no intention of closing tbs Ballarat branch for good, as bad been rumored. The gentlemen from Melbourne connected with the bank left for Geelorig,by.the afternoon train. , Our ;lady-readers will be glad to hear that there is every reasonable probability of a Hospital ball being .given in Ballarat at. an early date, arid they have to thank 'the always energetic, secretary of that institu tion, Mr C.T. Burrows, for initiating so popular and, ,we are of opinion, so'well-ad vised a stop to augment the funds .of the ! Hospital. At the committee .meeting on, Wednesday evening the secretary read' an exhaustive report on the matter, "and put the sugges tion so well.'and qb forcibly that committeemen affirmed the desirability of holding.the ball, without a munhur.v Mr Goller grew quite eloquent in sup porting the; secretary’s proposition, and Messrs Salter, Fitzgerald, and other, members of the committee were equally .enthusiastic in the matter. Mr Bobt. Lewis, '.cautious as' Usual, "hesitated just" a moment, but .seemed., satisfied and threw in his consent; Mr 'James’/'Campbell, who informed the ; committee that he ’had" never been to; a ball in his life, smilingly voted with the "ayes; and the’.committee 'generally seemed to have made up its mind to > don .evening costume and pumps for once in order to, as one gallant member expressed himself, “ please the ladies and swelLthe funds of. the institution.”. No time was lost, in settling .the preliminaries. Messrs Claxton, Balter, Qdller, .Fitzgerald, Anderson, and Dr Nicholson -.were appbinted'a.sub.oqmmittee to consider the ques tion of ways and means, and were instructed to re port frilly on the matter to'the- next meeting of the conitriittee. It is' intended, -we believe," to invite the -co-operation.of_leading.citizens to.work. up,, the ball. We haveMf Burrows’ word that" the affair is going to be a “ big thing,’/and we quite believe it. The only -wonder is that-the idea has not been carried out in the padt. 1 ?>•..,vr .T , A .meeting of the Burrumbeet and Windermere Ploughing Match Committee was "held at' Comber’s Bridges ; hotel,. on Tuesday night. Present — Messrs J. Mitohell, D. Gunn, J. King, Jas. Monorieff, R.;White,'S. King, J. M‘Lellan, and R. Comber. Mr Gunn ' was appointed " chairman, Mr J. King treasurer, and MfJ. Monorieff ,secretary.. It was re solved that a comDritbo of .v Messrs H, C. Walker R°* the ba f and Cole added. ®Cf cneff were empowered In , , ng ’ blitohell match, the match abVhef C ‘ p 0 next meeting is to be Lm “•? tha 4th vSj>l whea tlle committee w ;u « n^ dnes< hy jja andall money collected iff it S list made out. u b3 “»adsd is jA The English mail steamer w« noon on Wednesday. waa "Sited Mails per s.s. Cuzco will hB , J,i AMtraha, the United Kingdo ' n Mpllcll «i for W and places via the Unii»a m i^ OlUmt ot of P -appointodjor..closing In* %tan. spondenoe-will not addressed “per.Cuzco.' l ' ded ' the Km * t The following awards were m a • the Sandhurst Exhibition on 'T^ BO with ment.—Collection of tweed, medal,. Ballarat Woollen Faiffr’ •ment—Suit of clothes J r> a . Edmund Haisman, Ballarat. P^X^ 00 * “ aa . R. A . Corbou and Iff* work—Bronze ; medal, J.. a w-M,- arat - Thin Carved wheelbarrow—Certificated p O5 . 00 ’ Bi >Si ■There is, we- believe. .J^L I ***• H* taking place in the centrauSlS ° f ‘“«st election, as several of the nest «M to invite Mr C. C. Shopnee, of dBttt ®’«d himself to be putin nomination § 411 «S Jour-fifths of the local deposiK. thlt Mi bank’s terms (including all theJhbTd Sp6td i that; others have promised to do t. £ on Wednesday,'dndd^altdith\^ 0 ;j n ,^ o i ce C»ii young women who were arrestedMS* T »> on the previous day were remands -on charges of vagrancy. ~ a llll Monday ni ,t : The. name of Miss Milligan of p„„- ' • oidentally' omitted from die l&ff; 0I!& *«i» Presbyterian concert, Durham T M a “ Dge ' J lt Hi Her sweetaiugibg addedmuTfi to^ 6 6ft the evening. ■- M t j \- -In our notice of the examination, i’u- „ laatweek before the Pharmacy that F, H. Morris, wbo S? ® ltedt = .skip with Mr Macgowan, chemist Sturt the necessary examination succejfutiy, ;railway line on wX^day^orniog"LlV l ” sl ■Cemetery. - The 10.50 ami. passcL? ® Stawell had just left the station; !* cemetery, when af engine which had Wa^® B , 41 [-at the cattle siding on the commons dli™^ | far ahead running down into the stafiof TW 6 * curyain the line near this spot- whichlj ?' drivers.of the two engines seeing each oEL 4 great distance ahead, but they managed n P standstill just.m time to save anaoS T‘‘ pose that an enquiry will be made into theal j this bungle, -as the Commissioner of travelling in-the Stawell train on his wl jtoX hia constituents that evening. " °™ 3 A meeting of the Wanderers Football PM „ Jeld.on .Wednesday night, at the Pavilion & .Le.wis.m the chair. Office- bearers for the elected, and it was decided to meet on sS,-a the Oval for a scratch match, sle ametS a match with one of the country dubs «L upon, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanhh the chair. The usual meeting of the Barkly sheet FoWb provement Association was held on Tuesday erak last, and there was a very good attendance. Ft P (vice-president) occupied the chair. Miss Rn=»e3nd -a very interesting essay on “Babylon,' 1 whitk va, .very, creditable production. Several membra fed part in .the discussion, and after a vote of tharfab the fair essayist had been passed the neetinr dad with the benediction. 5 5 When Mr Bird, M.L.A, was in Melbourne cnla day, he made enquiries concerning the state olhaj of Mr R. H. Lock, late member for Grenville,min informed •that, though be'.was slightly imprbvinjb was still in a dangerous state, and none bat infcn friends were permitted to see him. • ■ ; , A football match will be played to-day, zealhre ■ mitting, -■ at tho Royal Saxon paddock, betwea fi .first twenties of the Ballarat College and ttaa Brothers’■ School. The following will rep’raaii lb Ballarat - College Boyd, Bushly, Baker, Bin; Chalmers, Crabba, Goode, Johnstone, Mitchell Mallett, M’lntosh,. Rosa, Robertson, SatWni Turton, Weight, White, Webbe, Withetdes. Ess gencies—M'Gee, Reid. The C.B.S. team sill beds from—Way,-Brophy, Butler, Magill, Carden, fan Carroll. (2), Qraber, Hurley, Kirby, F'ikirj M’Dbnnell, O’Neil, Lalor, O'Malley (2), Lynch,lja Hyland, Whelan, Corbett, Hart, Kennedy. ■ Wednesday's Creswick Adverthtr eaysr-'H'in glad to report that the long- standing forest fai between -Messrs Anderson firothera and ia Crowley -and Fitzpatrick is at an end. letril the firms received favorable proposals oi settest from tho Minister of Lands, which were accept work will at once be resumed at the mills." Two large stacks of bay, valued at beto SI and £7OO, belonging to Mr Galloway, Deep Crak were destroyed by fire early on Saturday o ing. The fire is supposed (says, the CrtnritlJ® User) to be the work of an incendiary. ■ > Alexander Hamilton, the great American illicit • once observed:—“ A dangerous ambition mors eta lurks behind the specious maskoi zeal ter the Ki of the people, than under the forbidding ig® ances of zeal.for the firmness and efficiency olji® • ment. History will teach ua that the ion® b been found a' much more certain rosd to tbs n ' duction of despotisih than the latter, and tbit men who have overturned the liberties of tspiw the greatest number have begun their c* 1 ®"??- ing an obsequious court to dispeople, demagogues and ending tyrants." ' "Apoiica officer with a warrant and the depositions sailed on Wednesday rer lisb bring over Bennett, who ia charged witn connection with the Horsham selectors* the case has been arranged. ■ In consequence of tha present passengers’ luggage on the Ww.MjK in some respects defective, the .j has (says the Argos) instructed the j, draw up a new scheme for object sought ia such a B y ste “ “ travellers’ luggage, when, booked, destination at the same tim , e r, . mMti tff3 selves, and will be discharged at ® , i,tr We regret exceedingly to leam ttot matiby’s health hae suffered a: on Tuesday her ladyship wasconfin critical condition. Lord and .Ljenedb? who have prolonged their visit in' . Normanby’a health, return to - land on Wednesday. . rr s dnejdi^^ Respecting tha Fitzfoy elleioit . says:—“ Matters in regard to ff in this electorate are now com t ° n diJi(j fe 3 Mr William Gray is the seat. Mr J. H. Knipe and r ■ r{ f arfl lsr ever, consider that the £ , !iC fi ? o should have been consulted befo«“ made, and they havei entered the„ & holds a meeting at the I “ M * to^ evening. The Opposition the seat, and have under c men, who are willing to ent . of a candidate will, it « u i&M;&t; meeting to be held this «m’ & anticipated. a 'called by requisition t 0 tha “J° roa3 of Town-hall, at winch P er “° , • opinions ooJri' seat are asked to e W[ esa , m „[ the ccM*-- tionof the day-fhatof reform ” 1 we rr^oM( und . e^ cently arrived in the city T i c inity of and a quarter of laud l “ b th Little Collins streets. He nas L asserted are suffloiont o p jjjj, II '. j of the property f t tf ar which tha claimant offers d ;,pat?,i ?> present holders of tho IndmP tracted lawsuit may b ttie t ■Accordingto the coin at the clearing- * srar! f £955 17s 7d, while last wees £15,05°. . u«.Tcveml»l“ Jc,tr . It is proposed to hold a bition in Gee.ong s fyfil Mr Andrew Lyell, JtU,P ffles tus J able impression upon tb. he i atituenta (says the f ? f, r ringto Tuesday night. Aft p liaß ent, i a ff ings of the present H , exiting political situat • le „d fft moderation on all aides, nU financial subjects. p fe «h ta® urged, much too E uppo”‘ ‘s V to be faced, and n to 3“. -if?' come tax. A address was cordially Lyell s* l \jj or the course of blB sp * #t tempt y unmitigated■ taxation, and he effecta of g,t i he said that one of tb f y and been to drive oapital j a gentleman now r^^^- oldest colonists-w* 10 • 'aatrriantfl in ttu® country i* ► they— , fn b0~"a “very * wealthy M happened nine mon thß, faring ff borders to realise every ® jn l - ha" had sent out This was no l °^ er, .nd to send the money bon mQ oi {the | iHW t fact, and ho con & j no (,her '¥%SA h « SS» a wealthy, & n ! |S ® ..A A oUD S. s , ,lllriu2 the last two jlSt hom e .> with the intention, of ***, bringing * 3o u a t several landed . Sr^jSSl will take my money to New seen in the, neighborhood'; A£oi^, ret fth0 b animal has (aaya the GedoAg'. •iVrirfl. »5 a nd.. “asence known at some of; the ,j^Jo ld6 .!^ oora bool. Ona or two sheep fumyaide el° n S ; d o£ lojses in their flocks, and fox has been killing the lambs. , [{U believed that .. vs ._ff An awfullysudden Tbs' I ok .pnTuesdayeven- fcth occurred atMtp Joha ■ D .i a huaty, feeding L.k f““f r ““Xroa, was walking along-Little dfbaat SbeHord or h 9 reach ed Swanston HrieP Btre , e i down dead. A boy named Henry: jtreet he * eU - d ° ,L a by a t the time, reported; the 1° n Tce Dr Reid happened to , be passing inatterto ‘ ha P°T the unfortunate man fell, and he : ,{ e w momenta after {oU nd that he was quite „ B pllyex»minedh>m f probably, apoplexy, dead, the deS was removed.tp the. dpno will be in deceaseds hotel, where ? fifteen sovereigns... pooketawero under WhioH what are called The wangement gd eich at the Spencer Charier tickets ~, tickat3 ena ble friends accom (ijuttermnwe-w 3 i ng ida the barrier,; P^ Ds “tl m i^optrXnine g days. During that !_hu now been m p ticketa ( Bayß the A'rgWl) ; fcetlnriy- average of between’three ; The Minister of Railways says that; if he sort four- tr, -y- bv the number of complaining had been goldw * aar ; n the press about the Jettsra that med to PP ted a muchi great er, S ts. P A 3 a matter of fact, how d 'X hffirpSa at the small number issued. ’ eTE i; B „ c -_"The water-boring operations near i f e a nrr Dow M.L A, who has visited the spot’ St XXort») kvo been delayed somewhat _on ■!’fL necessity that has arisen for drawing account of beginning of the work. These ‘? epiP l t“d toT objectionable, owing Ho FT 25 . ... DreS enting a hindrance in the shape of tte rallar A recent shipment of collarless « joints having been received/the old Stoebeen replaced by the new kind, and now the' B vtLeeffing without a hitch. Horse-power has £.»S t the work. A total depth of 133 feet hJbeen reached up to Saturday last, and Bines the S„f brackish water at 90 feet upwards of-a SWrite layers o£ similar water have been n id touch. The auger has now entered upon one •Lias the water from which rises 60 feet m the ripe during the night This water is described by Mr Mas partly brackish and partly of a mineral cha ncier tasting not so unpalatable as some kinds of brackbh water upon which stock are found to fatten. There has been little change in the strata passed thio'ngh by the auger recently. For the last 100 feet, in bet the formation has been a aqrt of- pipeclay, color from white to yellow, and having at mdainterrais very thin seams of flinty stone. Much interest is taken in the operations by the surrounding Hitlers, and hopes entertained of fresh water being eirack should the present strata ha followed by lime itOH.” . . Tie ftkgrafK says:—“The agreement in oonnec-- section with sums on call and at fixed deposits lodged in tie Australian and European Bank was on Wednes day,it the head office, signed by 220 persons who sere either depositors or customers of the institution. Tie total amount now signed for in accordance with tha terms of that document is about £150,000, or something like one-third of the whole amount at call and at fixed deposit in the head office and its various branches. The results from the suburban branches hare not yet been made known. ” According to the Herald, the reception of Mr Deny is to be carried out on a grand scale. At present, no foil arrangements have been made, but members of the Reform League and the Trades Union are busy in preparing a good programme. The. Ministers, of came, will go down to the Heads in the Victoria, and meet Mr Berry, who will get on board that vessel with his colleagues and land at Williamatown, when a special train will convey Mr Berry and his friends to Spencer atreet. Here an address is to be delivered, which will emanate from the Reform League and Trades Union. A procession after this Is spoken of, bat it is doubtful if the suggestion will be complied with. Ministers hare left the matter entirely in the hands of the Reform League and others to carry out the proposed programme, and it is anticipated that they will do credit to it. The banqueting business has already been alluded to, and at the Parliamentary briquet given by Mr Berry's ardent supporters, the chief oi the liberal party will, no doubt, give vent to eipresaons which he will reserve for such an occasion, p well as give a full account of his mission to Down ing Street. The Hibernian Society hold their quarterly meeting this evening, when members in arrears are requested to be present, in order that they may be returned u nnancial for the quarter. DArcy Read’s “Ghost” entertainment at the Alfred tul ws fairly attended on Wednesday night, and as oaly three note performances are announced there will no doubt be good houses during the rest of the weet The company is a very compact one, each oember seeking to please, an object in which they occH' admirably. The ghosts were laughed at as /* e y er ’ an( f tke singing of the different ladies , i ° 8a doe y Brooks were loudly J .. S 2 . I® order to give children an opportunity WoQ ri er ful and laughable Ghost ex ’ V annou nces elsewhere that b*idmit| ID f . C^ddr , ea Ul *d er twelve years of age will a ?** l r . K ' lf accompanied by their parents, and we eirwei Br ‘Usmeut is specially adapted for children, ” H - BaCtto 626 a Brge muster of little ones. 