PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) Mr Berry gave notice that on Tuesday next he would move that a call of the House be made for Thursday, the 25th inst. Mr Cooper asked the Minister of Mines whether official notice had been jfctSOtmjgl .the worls 8n SS( mi it ! mtenda ,^Md:jnj/. 1 !!*, replied-i-thati Uiav .itotioe ,i;.lud Tlmre;' WMil^^lntentionaend> aimil**: noboe to any other oommisiiojM at; 1 preterit. Mr; m answer. to ‘»7que»«qn,;T^di- Vthe Bf°" nd ** «»ap»«oiiofthefishermen: until tap fishermen eiti.' mated asneoesaary to enable the: flsheimen to remove' ™ those who Were prepared to• claim it, but until they quitted it the departmenl could not commence . the . ; workai ( DeM«Bary*>: iii Baer’ asked the Treaembr if he would be poeltion topay; the, ;to mumcipaities itefora the" SOthSeptember, in, order, thattheto. bodiea may be' able to comply i with the requirementsof the;Local’ Gotarnment Abt ’ MajorSmtthsaid hehad ho ddhbl 1 but that ‘ her would be: able- ( to', pay‘.'the moiety of the. endowment in .time.,Mirs, Mason asked the : : Minister-of Public Instruction .what step* hspurpoaad taWng with a view to providing auitable-employmerit for those teachers of long standing in his department whose services had been dispensed with in conse-. queues of their inability to procure a license to teach. He: said that he understood about one hundred teachers q had ; , throwq-, -out of- employ ment, ’’owing' to their' failure •lo' , pass' their ex . animations. This* jimeant >-.t that’ QjAro least t ■ four hundred,iwraonp would JbettrosmqpVoYemplbyment. ! Major Smlth Baii that twoopportupities .had been; given to the teachers of passing their examination,- and they; had failed! ! - He would bo prepared to give any who were dismissed positions aa truant,'officers or inspectors if they proved themselves qualified, but not;to: the prejudice of- those already on; the lists. Mr Duffy presented a petition asking that certain reserves in' Kara Kara should; be reserved from-selection: r The .reserves referred to. were situated near St. Arnaud, and , contained stores of water in what werebelieved' tb be .thejcratars .of ~extinct volcanoes., Mr Camoron asked ’ thVCjuef Secretary to give an hour jnext week- for. the discussion •of the Lancsfieli Railway Bill. Mr Berry ,aiid that, after the .questions of teiorm and the tariff,, . which were of grteter. importante,had:,beeh .con sidered, he would-answer the question; : Sir Bryan leave 1 to"; bring jin .■ : *; ; billjto 1 Jfurther 'amend the ‘‘Electoral,; Ac(i 1865. i". Leave was The ... debate. ion> the. Constitution .Acti Amendment Bill was resumed by ProfeteorPearson. : He argued that the bill waa;pf;, that,"moderate cha racter which might fairly be expected. The despatch of Sir Michael Hicka-Boach had -recognised that the requests made by tHe Aesembly were riasdhable in their nature. English statesmen were necessarily compelled to be reticent in formulating their views in writing, by reason of the great' importance which was attached to them. The necessity for us here was .to keep onr ranks closed; and if we did this, wc would ba eure to gat such a reform as would be a de sirablp one. •- Be regretted that the nominee principle had iiot been' introduced in a . .separate measure. The opinion of English conservative. statesmen : was opposed to the introduction of two elective Chain-,- bars into Canada.' They fold the Canadian , delegates they wohldmubh prefer that the second Houseahould be a nominee one,; Recent events had made.this .view, "bhel of less value. as the nominee syatemin Canada’ap:' peared to have broken down. Ho' did not believe'that anominee Upper... Chamber : would be swamped'by : improper appointments. It was erroneous.-to state‘ that the one House had nob- power to originate radical reforms .in . the constitution, of the ' other.' 'The Commons had bn one occuioh.’abolished . the bishops, : and afterwards -attempted to - abolish the House of Lords. The Council had given sufficient provocation by throwing out the Electoral Act of .1863 for thia course. He was strongly in favor of the pIAUcUe, and, quoted frpmj a.review in the Spectator of Dr Tone’s pamphlet on itsoperation 'in Switzerland, in support of it. ,He refened to'the constitutions of; the:various States. Legislatures in America, and quoted the] example of one which passed a law that any; judge absent from duty for ninety days should bp deprived... pf his salary for a month, as a proof that. Legislatures needed the check of the popiiUf vote. ' . When Mr Berry left Eoglsnd he had received con-' -graialatioris from,an immense number ofpeople, who told him; he-had obtained muchmore thantbey ever ,expeoted-' -He’ then told those who’ congratulated' him that . the .. Council would place 1' any Re form Bill passed 'in - the. ; waste i basket; after that the bill would., be- approved by the country,.and.another Assembly returned, to enforce the! same. legislative principles,- as he felt certain.the country would stand firm, on the. question. Any desirable treaty of ! peace between .the two Houses ■would.have to be made on the floor of that Chamber., He | argued thait tbs Opposition should not oppose re form; for if 1 they did ( they would be haunted, as one ofNathahiel Hawthorne’s heroes was, by .the ghost of their own misdeeds, and concluded by saying they might turn out the Government on any other ques tion butthis, but if they did there would be no peace-' Mr Gillies reprosohodthaQovernment for changing front. ” . ■ ,- \- . After the adjournment for refreshment Mr Gillies resumed his speech, contending that the bill did not conform to the lines laid down in the despatch from Sir Mi Hicks-Beach, and asserted that it was in viola tion of both the principle and the practice of the j Imperial Parliament. He; was : opposed to the -plebucite, and eaid that if it had been in force. in .America at the time of the Alabama difficulty the two' nations would have been. plunged into' war. Reform could only be conducted oh a basis of com promise. Major Smith moved the adjournment of tbe:debate, and: the House went into Committee of Ways and Means. Tbs item woollen- blahkete was agreed to, on a division, by ,40 to 24. ; All the duties ' under the list comprising boots, shoes, and slippers .were agreed .to by 34 to 26. Progress was then- re* ported. Mr Francis asked if the Government would adjourn for a fortnight, to. enable' hem. membera to visit the Sydney Exhibition as -a- matter of courtesy to New South Wales.' Mr Berry, regretted- that' the state .of public buainess impeded, but hoped that there,:might; be another .-opportunity. After some importent matters had been disposed of, the House adjourned to Tuesday. 