Nobelist. A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH, Author of "The Hidden Hand," "The Deserted Wife," "Self-Made," &c.;, &c.; (CHAPTER XXX.—Continued.) "That is a very great disappointment to me, my lord ! A year is a long time to wait !" replied the young man, with a crestfallen look. "You may just possibly not have to wait so long, my dear boy ! I said at the begin- ning that this marriage could not be solem- nised for some time yet, except in case of a certain event. That event may come to hasten your marriage, and justifying the haste by making it absolutely necessary," said the earl. "Ah ! and that possible event, my lord ! what is it ?" exclaimed the young man, eagerly seizing on the chance. "My death," gravely replied the earl. Brandon Coyle started slightly and then bowed with deep solemnity and waited silently for the next words of the earl, who resumed the subject in a more cheerful tone. "I have reached an age seldom attained by man, being now nearly eighty- six years old. Since the loss of my countess I have found the infirmities of my four-soore and five years pressing very heavily upon me. I cannot expect and do not desire to live here longer. My sole remaining tie to this life is my young granddaughter. I should not like to go and leave her unprotected ; if, there- fore, I should feel the approach of the change at any time between this and the end of the year of mourning, I should have the marriage ceremony performed between your- self and my child, in order to secure her legal protection and domestic happiness at the same time. Yes, if there were oppor- tunity I should have the service performed even at my bedside, rather than go and leave my girl without that best protection she could have," added the old earl, earnestly. Again Brandon Coyle bowed with the deepest solemnity, saying, with well-imitated emotion : "Heaven forbid, my dear lord, that our marriage should be advanced by any such calamity !" "Thank you, my boy ; but where would be the calamity ? The death of the old man, full of years and infirmities, is but the birth of the new man into new life and youth and strength. Ah ! you are young, with the warm earth-life stretching far out before you, and need not to think of these things that are such a comfort to us who are so near the end of our pilgrimage. But to return. Should I find death drawing near, I shall have you and Arielle married before I depart ; but should death come too suddenly upon me, as it does upon the aged some- times, why, then you will find among my papers a letter which I shall prepare to-day, addressed to yourself and my granddaughter, expressive of my wish that your marriage take place immediately, even before my mortal remains shall be consigned to the family vault, so that my dear child shall not lack your lawful protection for a day." "Oh, my dear lord, I hope, I trust, I pray, that no such dire necessity may ever arrive. Much as I long to possess my Arielle, I should, with all my soul, deprecate such an irremediable misfortune as your loss would be to us. I would rather wait one year— ten years— yes, any number of years, than advance our marriage at the cost of such a sorrow," earnestly exclaimed the hypocrite. "I believe you, my boy ! I quite believe you ! But do not be alarmed. I am only telling you what I should like to have you and Arielle do in case of my death ; but I really think I shall hold out for a year longer, and be able to see you and my granddaughter married at the end of it, amid festivities and rejoicings that shall be re- membered here for many years," said the old earl, cheerfully. "I quite hope and believe the same," said Brandon Coyle, with every show of sincerity, as he arose to take leave. But the earl would on no account let him go. "You must stay and dine with me to-day. I know you have no pressing engagements elsewhere," he said. "No, none, certainly, my lord," answered the young man, resuming his seat and submitting to his fate with the best grace he could. Brandon Coyle spent, perhaps, the dullest day that he had ever passed in his life, and as soon after dinner as decency would per- mit, he ordered his dog-cart, and took leave of his host. "The miserable, old dotard," he said to himself, as he guided his horse carefully down the steep towards the beach, "to insist on putting off our marriage for a whole year merely for the sake of the pomp and pageantry that cannot attend it during this period of mourning for the old countess. And within this year it is next to a cer- tainty that Valdimir Desparde will have discovered the truth in regard to that old tragedy, and returned here to confound all my plans. What would my mere betrothal amount to before such revelations as he would make ? "Nothing ! I should be thrown aside with the utmost contumely, and Arielle would marry Desparde ; for it is evident that she loves him and not me. "If we were married then I should be secure and I could defy them all, for they must refrain from injuring the husband of Lady Arielle. "But the old man says that we cannot be married within a year, unless a certain event should occur which would justify a private ceremony—and that event his death. "If he should be in imminent danger of death, or if he should die suddenly, then we are to be immediately and quietly united, so that Lady Arielle may not be left without a legal protector. "Hum-m-m ! Why doesn't the old imbe- cile die ? He has lived too long already ! Why shouldn't he die, soon and sud- denly ?" And here the dark face of the man grew darker under the shadow of the fiend that breathed into his spirit the temptation to an awful crime. CHAPTER XXXI. "THE BIRD'S NEST." A little, lowly, hidden home it was, Down in lane, close by a forest's side, Far from resort of people that did pass In travel to and fro. —SPENSER. And she, with light and busy foot astir, In her small housewifery, the blithest bird That ever builded nest. — ANON. "THE BIRD'S NEST." That was the name of the tiny, pretty cottage where little mam- mam and her babies found a refuge. It was situated in Church-lane—a long, green, heavily shaded, deeply secluded lane, that lay between the thickly- wooded rectory grounds on the left side and the tangled forest on the right. A high green hedge on each side of the lane inclosed it, and tall trees, with their top branches meeting overhead, threw it into deep shade even at noonday. This thoroughfare was so unfrequented that the ground was covered with grass and gemmed with field flowers, almost obliterat- ing the narrow footpath that ran along the middle of the way. "The Nest," as the cottage was called for brevity, stood about half-way down the lane, in a little clearing of the forest, directly op- posite the back hedge of the rectory grounds. It belonged to the estate of the bachelor squire, Honeythorn, who was an absentee on the Continent. It had once been the resi- dence of his gamekeeper, but it had been un- tenanted for many years—in fact, ever since the new park lodge had been built in a more convenient quarter of the estate for the pre- servation of the game. Often, in her solitary walks, Net had passed along this way, and paused at the rustic gate in the hedge that separated the cottage gar- den from the lane, and leaning over its low bars, had gazed at the sequestered and de- serted cot with a sort of prophetic interest. She never dreamed that it would be her own home ; but she thought it would form a peaceful and pleasant dwelling-place for some humble family who ought to be in it, and therefore it was a pity it should be empty, like a form of life waiting for life. The pretty cot was indeed an object to attract the attention of any chance passenger of that lonely lane. It stood within a little, thickly-shrubbed garden inclosed in a high green hedge, and surrounded on three sides by the forest, and bounded in front by the lane. It was a small, substantial stone building of one story and a half, with a steep roof, having two wide dormer windows in front, and two high chimneys in the gable ends. The lower edge of the roof projected far over the front, forming the shed of the porch that extended the wholo breadth of the house. There was a broad, low door in the middle, with one broad, low, latticed window on each side. The whole building was completely covered with ivy, which had crept up every wall, around every door and window frame, over the steep roof, and around the tall chimney, until the cottage looked like an edifice of evergreen. Around the posts that supported the roof of the porch also the climbing roses, the honeysuckles, the clematis and laburnum had grown so thickly and luxuriantly that they mado a green wall before the seats on the porch. The front door, standing, as we said, be- tween the two low, latticed front windows, opened into a narrow passage running through the house to a back door leading to the poultry yard and cow-shed. On the right hand was a small door lead- ing into the cottage parlour, behind which was the kitchen, from which a little narrow staircase ascended to the rooms in the roof above. On the left hand of the passage was another door leading into a large apartment running from the front to the back of the house, and filling as much space as both the kitchen and the parlour together on the opposite side of the passage. Net had determined to take this house, not only because she had always fancied it, but because it was in such close proximity to the old rectory grounds, the home and haunt of her childhood and youth. It was a fine day in October, when, having obtained the key from Squire Honeythorn's bailiff, she went, with all her following—that is, with the two children, and Kit and Peter Ken—to inspect the in- terior of the house. As she unlocked the gate leading into the old, neglected garden, where flowers and weeds were growing together in all the rank luxuriance of untrained nature, the children were wild with delight, as children are at every prospect of change, even from a handsome house to a humble one. Kit was silent and moody, as she had lately been, and Peter was talkative, critical, and suggestive, as became one who expected to be promoted to the post of major-domo in the new household about to be formed. "Tell yo wot, Mistress Net, mum, there be wurruk for me in this here garden. Oi wud no wunder it took me a month to root oot all they weeds, and twenty barrow loads on 'em to burn as wud mak a bon- foire moight be sen from Montjoie itsen !" he said, looking at the tangle, where even the purple heather and the golden gorse strove with thistle and dock to crowd out the roses, the marigolds, and the dahlias. "Yes, you'll have work, Peter," assented the little mistress, with a smile. "Oi'm thinking Oi'll begin at wunst wi' rooting on 'em oot, Mistress Net, mum," he added. "No, Peter, not yet," said Net, her weak, tender heart feeling some pity even for the golden gorse and its humble companions that they should all be stigmatised as weeds and condemned to be cut down in their bloom. "Whoy not yet, Mistress Net, mum, afore their seeds roipen ?" asked the practical Peter. "I—I—they look so full of life now I hate to have them killed, even if they are weeds. Leave them until they die and dry up. Then, you may cut them down and burn them." "After they hev been and gone and dropped their seeds all over the ground to fetch a fresh crap o' weeds next spring, Mis- tress Net, mum ! Thet'll be foine garden- ing !" "Never mind, Peter, leave them until they are dead." "Just as yo say, Mistress Net, mum ! Yo be the maister here, Mistress Net, mum." The only new dignity little mammam's man-servant thought it necessary to confer upon her since be had heard of her marriage, was the additional title of "mum." He had been accustomed to call her "Mistress Net." Now he called her "Mistress Net, mum." While they had been speaking Net had been struggling to turn the rusty key in the rusty lock of the front door ; but it had resisted all her efforts, and now she gave way to Peter, who took hold with all his might, and after a great effort on his part, and a grating shriek on the key's part, he succeeded in turning the look and opening the door. The overpowering rush of confined air met them at once from the long closed house. "Go back, children—go back at once until we have opened all the doors and windows. There, go pick up the rosy apples under that tree until I call you," said Net, hastily turn- ing her little charges away from the thres- hold. They ran off, very willing to pick up rosy apples. Meanwhile Peter had walked down the passage and set the back door wide open for a current of fresh air to pass through the house, and Kit had opened the right-hand door leading into the parlour, and the lattice window that lighted it. "You must kindle fires to-day in every chimney to dry off this damp, musty atmos- phere," said Net to her man-servant, as she followed him into the long room on the left of the passage, which he next prooeeded to open. "Yes, Mistress Net, mum ; but mayhap as yor haarrt's too tinder and pitiful to let yo molest the swallows' nests wot's a choking oop this here chimbly—though the swallows have flowed away months agone," said Peter, with a little latent sarcasm in his mind, though with perfect respect in his manner, as he took his red head in from looking up the chimney. "Not if the birds have flown, Peter. I am glad they have flown. I should not like to have disturbed them in their nests," replied Net, very simply. After inspecting this long room, which had broad, low, lattice windows at the front and at the back, and a fireplace in the gable end, flanked by two beaufets. Net went out in the passage and crossed over to the little front parlour, which had a broad lattice window in the front, and a fireplace in the angle of the corner, between the side wall and the partition wall dividing it from the back kitchen. In the opposite angle, between the kitchen wall and the passage wall, was a corner cup- board. Half-way between the cupboard and the fireplace was the door leading into the kitchen. Net went into this and found a com- modious room, with a fireplace in the angle of the corner adjoining the parlour fireplace —both were, in fact, parts of the same gable- end chimney. There was also a back door leading into the poultry-yard and cow-shed, and there was a broad, latticed back window, and in the angle of the room between the end and the back there was a staircase leading up to the little bedrooms in the roof. Net ascended these steep stairs and found herself in a narrow passage from which opened four little chambers under the sloping roof, each of which was lighted with a dormer window. "Not one of these is large enough for me and my children to sleep in together," said Net, after her inspection was over. Then she returned downstairs and soon decided on a bed-chamber for herself and her babies—the long room on the left- hand side of the passage. "Then Mistress Net, mum, yo mun gie me some money to buy lime and a whoite wash brush. Oi mun whoitewash these walls. They be weather-stained a soight to see," said Peter, as he stood with his hands in his pockets, staring around at the streaked and spattered plastering. "Very well, you may go and attend to that now," said the young mistress, as she opened her purse and gave the boy two half-crown pieces. And after a few more orders, little mam- mam took the two children, with their aprons fall of rosy apples, and returned to the rectory, leaving Kit and Peter to clean and air the cottage. It may be remembered that the greater part of the furniture in the rectory was the personal property of the late rector, and at the auction had been bought in by friends and neighbours for the use of his step- daughter and her wards, his own orphan children. This furniture was more than sufficient to fit up the cottage in tbe most comfortable manner, leaving a residue of chairs, tables, bedding and kitchen utensils, that Net could not use. And here came a minor temptation to the girl. These articles were all familiar from her childhood, and dear to her heart, as having been used by her beloved mother and step-father, and she was tempted to store them all away in one of the little attic rooms of the cottage, where they might be closely packed ; but when she thought of the poor, bare huts of the labouring class around her, she could not let these things moulder away uselessly. "If they do seem so sacred to me, they should all the sooner be consecrated to good uses. I must give all this furniture to the people who need it most," she said to herself. This resolution suggested another—to unpack the boxes where the late rector's clothing had been laid away in camphor, and to distribute the flannels and warm socks to the aged poor men of the village, and to give his suit of black broadcloth to the sexton, whose Sunday clothes had long been very shabby, and now showed signs of breaking out at elbows and knees. Net made all these distributions with a cheerful heart, and received her reward in the happiness she created. This exhausted her surplus store of goods. She had no more to give. Her mother's and her step-mother's stock of clothing had long been used up by the economical Net, who had made them over for the children or herself, and thus spared her step-father's scanty purse. In just two weeks from the day on whioh it was first opened the cottage in the lane had been thoroughly ventilated, cleaned, furnished, and decorated for the reception of the new little family. It was on the afternoon of the thirty- first of October that Net, having seen every fire in the rectory put out, and every door and window fastened, bade good-bye to the dear home of her childhood, and taking little Luke and Ella by the hand, went forth to their new habitation. She took a short-cut through the shrub- bery, thence through the church-yard out upon the turnpike near the entrance of Church-lane. When they reached this spot, with its tall trees meeting overhead, making a vista like a cathedral aisle as far as the eye could see, the children ran wild with delight. To them the idea of going to live in that little ivy-covered, vine-wreathed cottage in the green and shady lane was perfectly enchanting. It was like playing at house keeping. in the most delightful manner, with little mamman for a playmate. It was like a fairy tale also, and they half expected to see "the little old woman," or "the beautiful lady" who turns out to be the fairy queen at last. They ran on before Net, jumping and skipping, and they reached the gate of the cottage some minutes before she did. She found them there waiting for her. The sun had just set ; but the fire- light and the lamp-light from the cottage, parlour, and kitchen gleamed out from the front and back windows, flickering and glimmering through the still green foliage around the building. "We got here before you, mammam ! Oh, die is dust dolly !" exclaimed Luke, swinging on the gate. "Dust dolly !" echoed his twin-sister. Net smiled at the children, unfastened the gate, and led them into the garden and thence through the vine-covered porch and into the house, the front door of which was left wide open to receive her, and her little companions. The cottage presented a very different, aspect now to what it did when we first saw it. The narrow passage walls were white- washed, the doors freshly painted, and the floor was covered with a soft, dark green carpet. Net opened the door on the left leading into the long room she had fitted up for the sleeping apartment of herself and the children, from whom she was never sepa- rated. Here the children found the red carpet, white curtains, and rosewood chamber set, with which they had been familiar all their little lives, and to find them in this new, strange place was a fresh delight. Net took off her own hat and wraps and the children's, and put them all carefully away in the wardrobe, and then led the little ones across the passage to the parlour, that looked bright and cheerful with its red carpet, white curtains, white walls, gay chintz-covered sofa and chairs, neat tea- table set in the middle of the floor, and blazing little wood-fire in the fireplace across the corner. "Oh-h-h !" exclaimed both children in a breath, running towards the corner fire to admire the bright brass fender and fire irons. "And zat's daddy !" cried Luke, pointing to a portrait of the minister that hung in its black walnut frame over the mantel-piece, between a pair of three-pronged wax candle- sticks. A grateful smell of tea and baking cakes and toasting muffins came in from the open door of the warm, bright kitchen, and enticed the children thither, where they found Kit busy over the tiniest kitchen range that had ever been set up in a small home. "And hoo do yo loike tho new home ?" questioned Kit, turning a muffin on her toasting fork. "Oh, ifs dust dolly !" cried Luke. "Dust dolly !" echoed Ella, for their vocabulary was not very extensive. And then they went to the narrow door leading to the attic, and, with the ever- present exploring instinct of children and small dogs, they opened it and began to climb the stairs, and soon their heels were heard clattering over the floors above. Then, indeed, they hurried into the parlour, climbed up into their high chairs, and were pushed up to their places on the right and left of their little mammam. "Do yo moind wot noight this wull be, Mistress Net ?" inquired Kit, as she waited on the children. "I know it is the last of October—the thirty-first," replied Net. "Ay, thot wull be it." "But what of it, Kit ?" "It wull be Hallow-E'en noight, of all the noights in the year." "Yes—believe it is ; but what of that, Kit ?" "Wot of thot ? Whoy, Mistress Net, if there be a ghawst in this awld hoose, we'll all fain to see it to-night !" said the girl, in a low, fearful tone, as she glanced over her shoulder. "Oh, Kit, what nonsense ! A ghost, indeed ! You know there are no such things," replied Net. ''Deed, then, I knaw nothing aboot it ! But if there be a ghawst in this same hoose, we're fain to see it to-noight." "Kit, I will not have you say such foolish things before the children," said Net, with all the sternness she could assume. "You should know that there are no ghosts." "No, dere are no ghose," added Luke, putting a spoonful of milk and bread into his mouth. "No ghose," echoed Ella, with her words half smothered in muffin. "Varry well, then, yo'll see before morn- ing." "Nonsense, I say but really if you are afraid to sleep upstairs by yourself, Kit, you had better make up a little bed in our room, which is so large and well ventilated that two grown persons and two children may easily sleep in it without detriment to health. Yes, Kit, you may sleep there every night, if you wish ; you have only to make your bed in the evening and take it away in the morning." "Thank yo kindly, Mistress Net, but Oi prefar to sleep in m' own place ; and Oi'm not so timid. Oi've got a horse-shoo. That 'll keep the ghawsts away froom me." "I wish Peter could stay with you at night as well as day. He could have a comfortable room next to yours in the garret." "Wull, yo see, Mistress Net, he cannot. He'll coom and wurruk for yo oil day long, but at noight he is fain to stay with the mither, while the feyther is oot wi' his boot, spoaring sawmon." "I know, and I am sorry," said Net, as she left the table. "Mammam, may wese tay up dis one night 'ittle w'ile ?" coaxed Luke. "Tay up a 'ittle w'ilo ?" echoed Ella, as they both came to Net where she was sitting and laid there chubby hands in her lap. "Yes, my darlings. As this is the first night in the new home you may stay up an hour longer than usual," answered Net, to the great gratification of the children. Kit cleared off the parlour table and carried the tea service into the adjoining kitchen, where she set another table for herself and Peter, who had just come in from bringing the cow from the rectory barn-yard and housing her in the cottage shed. CHAPTER XXXII. A NIGHT ALARM. In the dead waste and middle of the night. —SHEAKESPEARE. Aghast she walked, and starting from her bed, Cold sweat, in clammy drops, her limbs o'erspread. —DRYDEN. NET lighted her evening lamp and let down the parlour curtains. Then she took Goldsmith's Natural History, with its coloured pictures of birds, beasts, and fishes, and opened it on the rug before the fire, so that the two children might] sit down there and look at the pictures togethor. Finally Net took her knitting and sat down by the fire to work ; for this old- fashioned little housewife knitted all the stockings for the children and herself. Soon a dispute arose on the rug. (To be continued.) 