> feklk, ri PICTURESQUE EDINBURGH. " Everx true Scotsman believes Edinburgh to be the most picturesque city in the world," Baid Alexander Smith. A stranger approach ing' that city mast experience the same feel ing, for not only natural sceuery aud art, but also history aud romance, comome to grace the old capital of Scotland with almost mythical splendour. Of all the cities of the modern world, Edinburgh is perhaps the most beautifully located. On every side the architectural masses are relieved by natural forms which enohance them, and which are of even greater beauty. Behiud the city are the noble outlines of Arthur's Seat and the exquisite profile of the. Crags, while on the left hand are the bold seaward escarpments of the Calton Hill. And of the Castle as a natural feature, how is it possible to say too much ? Thrust up between the dusky ridges of the Old Town and the long rectangular vistas of the New, it stands there a citadel, a watch-tower, and a landmark seen from afar. For centnries Edinburgh was a small settle- ment of straw-thatched huts surrounded by dense forests. It is unquestionably the ohild of the magnificent fortress of rock which to day stands in the very midst of the city, crowned by ihe celebrated Castle. This rock is said to have been need as a fortification in the earliest time by the Angles, and afterward it became an important military Stronghold of the Saxons. Edwin the King of Northumbria, often made his residence there, and the place came to be called Edwin's burgh, or stronghold, which is un doubtedly the significance of the name it bears to-day. After ihe seventh century, or the era of Edwin, the oity increased in size and importance. During the reign of David I., in 1129, it came to be one of the chief burghs in the kingdom, and the royal court was held there. It was David who founded the abbey of Holyrood. To the canons of this abbey he granted the right to build a suburb westward from their church toward . the Castle, The new district received the name of Vicus Canonicorum , which was gradually changed to tue popular form of Canongate. Wliat memories are awakened at the sound of that name ! Alexander Smith calls Canongate " Scottish history fossilized." One may pass from under the Bhadow of the Castle in the Grass-market by the ancient Cathedral of St. Giles, through Higti Street and Canongate, to Holyrood Palace, every Btep recalling strange old reminiscences of past time. Old armorial bearings are still visible over ancient door- Ways. Ghosts of kings aud queens haunt the air. Thoughts of King James riding to Fiodden Field of fair Mary of Scots, of John Kuox, of bands of fiery Covenanters, crowd upon one, mingled wall gentler visions of modern time — of Burns, of Sir Walter Scott, and many other celebrated men with whom we have lived in imaginatiQn, if not in re ality. As the Castle Rock — a natural fortification in itself — is in reality the nucleus around which the whole city has gathered, it mast demand first attention. The rock itself is a ragged basaltic mass, rising about 400 feet abuve the level of ihe sea. It is perpendicular on all sides except toward the east, where it aescenas gradually to the plain from which rise the picturesque Salisbury Crags and the noble elevation of Arthur's Seat. The present buildings of the fortress date back only to the fifteenth century, with the exception of thelittle Norman chapel built by tne pious Queen Margaret, the Saxon wife of Malcolm Ceanmore, and mother of Dnvid I. She died in the Castle in the year 1093. J-ne ancient Castle bore the name of Cas- trum Pueilarum — Castle of Maidens— and old legends give as a reason that the Pioiish kiugs used to place their daughters there for safe-keeping until their marriage. A deso late, isolated spot indeed for the home of merry-hearted beauty, and one can imagine these maidens gazing from the battlements wi.h lunging eyes, and waiting, like the Piiucess Thorn-rose, for the daring knight who should deliver them back to the world. The fortress is of little military value at the present time, and mainly interesting for its connection with Scottish history. Pass ing the glacis, or esplanade, which in former times was the scene of the execution of many a political criminal, the fortress is en- tereu by a draw -bridge spanning a deep, dry fosse. Here one must pause to consider for a moment the richness of surrounding asso ciations. Over the portcullis gate is the old state prison where the Marquis and the Earl ot Argyll and many other illustrious prisoners passed many dreary hours. There, behind the armory, is the old sally-port where Yiscouut Dundee scrambled, up aDd held conference with the Duke of Gordon before going north to excite the Highland clans to enthusiasm for King James. Pass ing into the quadrangle, we come to that portion oi the Castle which for centuries loirned the royal residence of the Scottish kings and queens. Here, in a wretched little room on the ground floorJames I. of Eng land was born. In another part of the residence is the Crown Room, where the coronation of many monarchs took place. The ancient regalia of Scotland is preserved in this . room. It consists of a crown, sceptre, and sword of state. The crown is said to be the same one which rested upon the brow of Robert Brace. Monograms of more modern kingB have been added, but the crown itself is of very antique workmanship. This royal re galia was forgotten for a hundred years, dur ing which time it rested in an iron-bouud uaacu wcoi iu miSiSame room, it was only in 1818 that it was again brought to light. On the King's Bastion stands the iamous old cannon Aluns Meg, pointing peacefully over the valley. Its days of warfare are over, and kit is regarded only as a curiosity of the past. It is supposed to have been constructed about the year 1476, at Mons, in Belgium, and is known to have been used by James IV. at the siege of Dumbarton in ' 14S9, and again at the siege of Norham Casiiie, on the Borders, in 1497. It ended its career in 1682, when it burst daring the firing of a salute to the Duke of York. This great cannon, once celebrated as the largest in the world, is formed of long staves ol maLeable iron held together by hoops. , Standing in eternal eilenoe on the lonely bastion, it is an imposing reminder of the Stormy Border wais of long ago. Resting on the ramparts at the side of this gigantic olu war fiend, one may enjoy a magnificent and extended prospect. Half Scotland stretches around: on the south, the blue bulk of the Peutluuds ; on the north, the green, gnarled, round-headed Ochilsv with the Firth flowing between, as if to soothe the wound whicn maue these ridges twain; and on the extreme far norm- west, the hills of Rob Roy's country, Ben Lomond, Ben Ledi, Ben Voirlieh, and the rest, lifting up their kingly foreheads. Fife, less bolu and amomous, yet attracts and fixes the gaze by the loveliness of its low and leaning shores. Seaward, eveiy pic turesque point and coigns of vantage, Inch- kfchh, the Bass aud North Berwick Law, is Strongly protruded, as well as clearly seen, and Leith and its neighbourhood come out so distinctly that you can feel as well as pro nounce tne words : " Tfle boat rocks at the pier o' Leith, Fu' loud the wind blaws frae the ferry." Eastward. Arthur's Seat towers grandly against the sky, and Salisbury Crag seems a promontory oveihanging an unseen and ideal ocean. Nowhere else can yon see so well the contrast between the character of the two towns — the Old and the New — the latter gay, glittering, like a Beotion of Paris as seen from Notre Damo, smiling as if there were no such things as Death and Change in the universe; the other with the shadow of a faF v.- thousand sad memories mingling with the ' - light of other days upon it, sombre, sublime, Y silent in its age—traly what Wordsworth calls it: , , „ " Stately Edinburgh, throned on crags." And the valley which separates the one flora the other is different from and superior to both — a gulf fixed, but a glorious one, with the bridges and the mound crossing and cheering and peopling the chasm ! In the very centre of it rises Scott's Monument — an emblem of his wide and catholic genius, binding together present and perished ages. Almost at our feet, towering above all sur roundings, is the crowned belfry of old St. Giles's. Of how much does it not remind us 1 It takes u3 buck to the Edinburgh ot Queen Mary and of John Kuox, and we sarin to live again in that time of fierce theological strife. Knox was more closely associated" with Edinburgh thau with any other place. Born in a small village of Lothian, the county of which Edinburgh was the shire town, nearly his whole life was spent in that vicinity, and his great life work centred there. He passed through many stormy seasons and times of trial, and at last, " weary of the world and thirsting to depart," he died in Edinburgh in 1572. His grave is marked by a small flat stone, over which the Regent ' Mortou< pronounced the memorable eulogium : " Here lies he that never feared the face of mau 1" The house where he lived and died still stands in the Nether Bow, between High-street and Canongate. 16 is a pic turesque old building, one of the oldest in the ciiy. ; Near the northwest corner of St. Giles's, imbedded in the pathway, i3 a small stone, marking the site of the old Tolbooth, whose cant name of the Heart of Mid-Lothian has been rendered familiar as a household word by Scott's beautiful novel. ; Passing the Parliament House — a quaint, stately old building, with antique turrets and sculptures, where, ou the adjournment of the last legislature of Scotland in 1707, Lord Chancellor Seafield exclaimed, " There's an end of an auld sang !"— one may orosB George IY. Bridge, and come into the presence of the silent yet eloquent dead' lying under the grass of old Grey/riar's Churchyard. This was originally the site of a Franciscan monastery, which was destroyed io 1559. Afterwards the grouud, by a special grant of Qaeen Mary, was constituted the city ceme tery. It is one of the most interesting spots of old Edinburgh. In the old church here, in 1633, after a sermon by Alexander Henderson, the " Solemn League aud Cove nant" was signed by all the congregation, the Earl of Sutherland heading the list. Afterward it was carried out and laid on a flat tombstone in the yard, where the vast multitude assembled there all pressed for ward in earnestness and zeal to affix their own names to the parchment. Many, amid tear3 and prayere, wrote their names with their own blood — a terrible forewarning of streams of blood that should flow in conse quence. The stone may still be seen, in closed with an iron railing, solid and firm as the hearts of those who crowded around it in that long ago. The walls of old Greyfriars' have echoed with the voices of Scotland's ablest preachers. Here Dr. Robertson, the historian, gave full vent to his eloquence. Robert Bollock, the first principal of tne Uni versity of Edinburgh, Dr. John Erskine, Dr. John Inglis, and Dr. Guthrie have all been incumbents here. Scott worshipped in this old church when a boy, and his father and other members of the family are buried in the churchyard. Here also lie Alexander Henderson, George Buchanan, Allan Ramsay, Hugh Blair, to gether with many other eminent men of Edinburgh — lawyers, professors, and chief magistrates. Here was brought, wrapped in a coarse cloak, at dead of Dight, the head less body of the once powerful Regent Mor ton, and secretly buried in an obscure grave. But there are yet nobler sleepers in this " God's acre" — an innumerable company of martyrs. A monument to their memory bears the inscription From 27th May, 1661, that the most noble Marquis of Argyll was beheaded, to the 17th February, 168S, that Mr. James Renwiok snfLred, were one way or other murdered . and destroyed for the same cause, about 18,000, of whom were exe cuted at Edinburgh about 100 of noblemen, gentlemen, ministers, and others — noble martyrs for Jesus Christ." The most of them lie here." _ In a desolate corner on the south side of the yard about 1200 Covenanters, prisoners taken at Bothwell Bridge, were confiaed fox- five months, and subjected to the most re fined cruelties. Tfiey were confined in the open air, with no shelter and no provision for their comfort. Fonr ounces of bread per day, with water from one of the oity pipes, wfiioh passed near the place, was the allow ance for each man. If any prisoner rose from the ground at night, he was at once shot at by the guard. Only women were allowed occasionally to communicate with them and bring them food, and these were subjected to every species of insult from the guard posted at the gate. Some broke down under the sufferings of this ancient Andersonville, and signed a bond never again to take up arms against the king, upon which conces sion they were released. Over 400 remained firm; and many fell victims to the severity of the Scottish winter. A remnant, about 250, were finally sent on a ship to Barba_- does. The vessel was wrecked on the way, and only a few souls were saved. The Covenanters' prison-yard is accessible by an ancient stone gateway, the opening guarded by an iron-rail gate, through which one may look with awe on the ground within sanctified by so much misery. Near by rests one of the chief enemies of the persecuted Covenanters, Sir George Mackenzie. He was King's Advocate in the terrible times of Charles II. and James IL, and had a large share in the cruelties then practised. He was so detested by the common people that they believed his body could not rest in the grave, but was forced to wander, keeping restless and wretched guard, like a sentinel of hell, around the circle of his victims; and boys used to cry in at the keyhole of his monument, . # " Biuidy Mackenzie, come out if ye daur ; Lift the sneck and draw the bar." Passing from Grej friars' by College YTynd, where Walter Scott was born, we may cross tho South Bridge and go to the Tron Church in High street, where in the square the good people of Edinburgh for centuries have been wont to meet to exchange New Year's greeting. When the clock in the 'church tower chimes the momentous hour of twelve, the whole air rings with shouts of " a happy New-Year 1" Friend and stranger are alike grasped by the hand, and mutual good wishes exchanged. There is a traditiou that the articles of union between England and Scotland were finally subscribed in a cellar opposite the. entrance to the Tron Church. The place is at present occupied uy a wicker-worker, and nothing may be een there but the material of a workshop. Here the North Bridge crosses the valley towards Princes-street and the new portion of Edinburgh. Just b6yond the bridge, in Qigb-street, is the shop where Allan Ramsay began business as a bookseller. Every step here is full of interest, and the uiatory of each house would make a book. Blackfriar's-street; running from the Cow- gate hitherward, was, until recently, a dis mal aod wretched alley— Blackfriar's Wynd. Robert Chambers speaks of it in his time as being utierly impassable on account of its ruined condition, and it is difficult to fancy that for a period of over five hundred years it was the abode of princes and noblemen. Here dwelt the princely Earl of Orkney, whose dame was attended by " seventy-five gentlewomen, whereof fifty - three were daughters of noblemen, all clothed in velvets and silks, with their chains of gold." Queen Mary was entertained here with all the nobles of her court, and through here she passed on her way to Holyrood after her last visit to Darnley, on the very night of his murder. The whole length of the Canon gate to Holy-rood is alive with associations both romantic and historical. In the ceme tery of Canongate Church sleep many of the literary men of the last oentnry. Here lie the remains of FergusBon the poet, whose monument was erected at the expense of Robert Burns, " to remain for everBacred to che memory of him whose name it bears, and who was born 5th September, 1751 ; died 16th October, 1774." (2b be continued.) _ 